Today, June 9th, 2013, Microsoft's controversial announcements could change the industry forever.
Zinga layoffs affect a developer they recently acquired, and E3 is next week and we're making
our predictions for the big show.
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 507 for this June 9th of 2013.
My name is Rob Roberts, joining me as always, say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Greetings and salutations.
And I hope you're doing well, Ms. Summers.
I am.
I'm good.
I'm caffeinated.
Thank you, Rob.
Good to hear.
And also joining us tonight, Techmaster Loki.
Yes, definitely working in that Techmaster moniker this week.
How so?
Quickly.
I had to fix my laptop.
Oh, yeah.
Hard drive crash.
Yeah, I've been following your tweets, your Twitters, and all the hard drive drama.
But now it works pretty much like it did before.
All it needed was a little reformat.
All the non-essential stuff's not working, like some of these touch buttons up the top
here that I never use, or, you know, the icon's different now for the volume up and
down.
But, eh, whatever.
All right.
Big week this week.
E3, obviously, coming up.
Unfortunately, none of us attending this year.
Bobby Blackwolf from The Voice of Geeks Network at vognetwork.com, he is attending.
And if you haven't already checked it out, do check out the interactive coverage of E3,
presented in an all-new way at the voice of geeksnetwork of e3.vognetwork.com, or at least
we think it's an all-new way.
The internet's a big place.
Probably.
But very cool.
I haven't seen it.
Bobby will be on the show later to tell us a little more about that and participate with
us on something else, but I will table that until Part B. It's obviously a very big show
tonight.
There is a lot going on in the gaming world.
Usually we do a kickoff topic, but I think tonight we need to address the pink elephant
in the room.
Let's get into it, Loki.
So after the whole, well, I guess the promise was after the Xbox One press event thing that
they did back in May, that there was going to be some answers about, or clarification
I guess, on the big hot topics that they were getting grilled on after the event, basically.
What is the deal with the online connectivity?
How often do I need to connect to the internet?
How is the used game thing going to work?
And what's up with the Kinect having to be online all the time, or attached to your system
at all times of work?
So on Friday, I think it was Friday, was it Friday?
Yeah, the 6th.
On Friday, no, that was Thursday.
Anyways, on the 6th, they released a three page document, if you will, called Xbox One
Details on Connectivity, Licensing, and Privacy Features.
So let's just go through each one, shall we?
First, Xbox One, a modern connected device.
And to kind of spoil everything, none of this stuff is actually sounding any good.
It's pretty much just reinforcing what we already have heard, that they said, oh, we'll
make change.
So the Xbox One will deliver new benefits for gamers that are only possible with a system
designed from the ground up to be ready and connected.
Here are a few examples.
First generation games powered by the cloud.
So you'll be able to use the cloud servers to make your game more powerful or something.
Your Xbox One is always ready.
It's designed to run with, I guess, a low powered state.
OK, let's get to the good part.
Network technologies and network requirements, here we go.
For an optimal experience, we recommend a broadband connection of 1.5 megabits.
And also, in areas where, I guess, an ethernet connection is not available, you can connect
using mobile broadband.
Lucky you.
And also, while a persistent connection is not required, the Xbox One is designed to
verify if the system application or game updates are needed, and to see if you have acquired
new games, resold or traded in games, or have given a game to a friend.
Games that are designed to take advantage of the cloud system may require a connection.
And then, of course, with Xbox One, you can game offline for up to 24 hours on your primary
console or one hour if you're logged into a separate console accessing your library.
Offline gaming is not possible after these prescribed times until you reestablish a connection,
but you can still, oh, oh, and this is the best part, but guess what?
You can still watch live TV, enjoy your Blu-ray and DVD movies.
Oh, thank you, Xbox One.
I can still enjoy TV that you are connected to.
Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today to mourn the loss of the gaming industry.
Rest in peace.
All right, let's get to the next thing here.
All right, so next, how game licensing will work on the Xbox One.
And I'm glad that they have to tell me how it's gonna work.
Okay, so basically, you buy the games the way you want, disc or digital, and you'll
be able to buy them through traditional retailers or online through Xbox Live.
And it says, disc will continue to be a great way to install your game quickly.
Yes, to install, not play off of install.
You can access your entire games library from any Xbox One, no discs required.
Because after all, you're signing in and accessing the games that you have installed to your
system or the cloud or whatever it is.
You can share access with your games to everyone inside your home.
Your friends, family, and your guests and acquaintances get unlimited access to all
your games.
Anyone can play your games on your console regardless of whether you're logged in or
their relationship to you.
In other words, a feature that's been available on console gaming since the beginning of time.
That yes, if I bring a friend over, that they can play on the Xbox One without it going,
Who are you?
What are you doing trying to touch my controller and play this game?
Get your hands off my controller.
I need an adult.
You can share access, let's see, give your family access to your entire games library
anytime, anywhere.
Now this is kind of weird.
The Xbox One, I guess, they're going to have a way where up to 10 people of your family
or whoever you're seeing as your family can log in and play from your shared games library
on any Xbox One.
So if I buy a copy of say, Forza Motorsports or something like that, someone else can go
to a friend's house or whatever or from their own location and play that copy of Forza as
well.
But only one person can play at a time.
And not at launch.
None of this is available at launch.
All the good stuff, all the pros, not at launch.
I don't know if that's available at launch.
It doesn't say.
Trade in and resell your disc based games.
Okay.
It says today some gamers choose to sell their old disc based games back for cash and credit.
We've designed the Xbox One so game publishers can enable you to trade in your games at participating
retailers.
So it's an optional feature.
So no eBay, gone.
No flea markets, gone.
No garage sales, gone.
Authorized retailers only if the publisher allows it.
It's now not my choice on what I'm going to do with my game.
It's now Microsoft's choice or the publisher's choice on what I'm going to do with my game.
But we don't own it.
We're licensing it.
That's right.
It was never ours to begin with.
I don't sign a form when I'm playing these games.
Although I'm sure you're going to have to agree to it when you install your game.
Oh sure.
Press A to agree to the 500 page terms and conditions or you won't be able to play anything.
Because things are brick.
Let's see, Microsoft does not charge a platform fee to retailers, publishers, or consumers
for enabling transfer of these games.
Which I don't know, it kind of goes against what I've heard and what we've been hearing
rumors wise.
But maybe it's not Microsoft charging them.
Maybe it's the publisher's charging these guys.
I don't really know.
Whatever that doesn't.
All right.
So what are the key points out of this whole thing because we got to get to the bottom
line here.
Well a couple more.
Okay.
They're going to allow you to give your games to a friend.
So you can enable your disc based game, give it to a friend basically.
There's no fees.
But there's two requirements in order to transfer this to your friend.
They have to be on your friend's list for 30 days and you can only give the game once.
Once it's been transferred to them, I don't think that they can give it back to someone
else.
Now I don't know if that's clarified.
So no wishing for more wishes?
Yes.
Okay.
If it is where you can give it to somebody, you know, the friend's list thing is kind
of annoying, but like say you can give it to them and then they can give it to somebody
else, you know, that's not so bad, but it's still annoying.
You know what?
I will give credit where credit is due.
It sounds like Microsoft's trying to implement the Kindle book borrowing thing, which just
sounds a lot like, and I'm like, all right, that's cool because I know I lent out a lot
of video games.
I never get back.
So that's interesting.
It can be handled all digitally, but, um, you know, what am I having to give up?
What's the minus for this plus?
Right?
Yeah.
Okay.
And last but not least, I'll just breeze through this.
The connect stuff.
Um, they say you're in control of where the connect can see in here because I guess you
get to adjust your privacy settings or something.
So the system will navigate you through key privacy options like automatic or manual sign
in privacy settings and clear notification how data is used.
Wait, how is data being used?
So I'm assuming this thing is just going to be listening for, you know, advertising
purposes and stuff.
If they hear a lot of wank, a lot of porn, you're in control of what the connect or of
the connect sensor, um, sensing on, off or paused.
Um, you can turn off your Xbox one and um, you know, if they say it's only listening
for a single voice command of Xbox on, but come on, I'm sorry.
Uh, you're in control of your personal data and you can use other inputs to control your
games TV and entertainment experiences.
So once again, why do I need to connect, you know, attached to this thing?
If I can control it with a controller, it doesn't make it's, I'm going to be honest
and I'm not trying to be that snarky kid on Twitter, but I, I, I'm, this is really kind
of like a, it's a vague answer that they kind of gave to this like, so, so what does it
have to be on or not?
Well there's, it's basically, it has to be connected to your system, but I think you
can point it at the wall, you can turn your system off or something and then it won't
be listening.
Just don't underestimate the value of, of privacy and all that.
And this is really badly timed for Microsoft.
I mean, again, there's a lot of news that there's a lot of, there's a lot of news out
there right now.
I'm not trying to get political.
I'm not going to take the show there, but there's a lot of news right now about privacy
and Microsoft's names involved.
Exactly.
So this is not a good time to be requiring anything with that connect, just saying.
And they're, they're saying that they, you know, some of the examples, of course they've
mentioned before, a fitness game can measure your heart rate, give you feedback about your
exercise routine or whatever, be able to tell if you're a communist, a card game could allow
you to bluff your virtual opponent using your facial expressions.
But once again, you know, the connect could allow you to scan in your objects and use
them in real games.
That never happens.
So who knows?
Okay, so that's it.
That's basically the information.
Um, well, uh, here's the thing you ever seen that show Shark Tank, you ever watched that
show?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Here's the premise of the show.
These guys pitched their ideas to all these big executives.
Like Mark Cuban's one of the executives that sits there.
It's actually, as far as reality TV goes, it's one of the better shows.
Cause it's, it's a little more like these guys are real business makers and you kind
of see, like, I dunno, there, there's less of the pompousness that comes with the Donald
Trump business show and there's a little more like, you know, reality, I guess for
lack of a better term.
But anyway, the whole kitsch kitchens, there's, they're pitching their ideas and you know,
maybe it's a lady who's got a new idea for something for that women could have at their
weddings or a guy.
I just seem to remember an episode where a guy, uh, was selling man candles because that
ended up being a thing at like Yankee Canada, one of those later on.
Yeah, like mandels.
Well, anyway, the whole pitch is that as you're given these ideas, if one of the executive
says I'm out, that's their sign that they are not going to put a bid.
And if all four of them say I'm out, the guy loses, walks away, doesn't get the financing
they want.
And I got to admit after listening to this, this, this whole detail thing that's, that's
gone on this week, I'm kind of sitting in that chair.
And when I'm hearing about the whole, here's the minuses, here's a plus in the game trading
and all that.
But here's all these minuses that suddenly these $60 games may not be worth anything
anymore.
I do not have, that's what I hate the most.
I no longer have the power to sell this game on eBay.
If I want to do it, I have to go to a GameStop or a comparable store.
Are you kidding me?
That's not what I want.
And that's the point where I said, I'm out.
And on top of that, the plus is like, Oh, you can loan it to your friend.
Something I can do already right now with all these fucking restrictions and why, why
do I even, and that's the thing.
It's so sad that this has to happen because I want to be excited about this new console.
I wanted to be excited about the games that they're coming out with, but I'm sorry.
Even if there's like a new crackdown game or whatever, the big awesome game they're
going to show is all this stuff is just like right in front of me and it's like, well,
that sounds cool, but nope.
To me, it's very much like how I treat origin.
Battlefield 3 looks fucking amazing.
I really want to play that game.
I'm not installing origin, so therefore I'm not going to play the game.
That's it.
I mean, it's unfortunate.
These games look awesome, but all this stuff stands in my way, so I'm not going to do it.
For me, a lot of it is kind of about control and I feel like what's happening this console
generation that I just don't fucking like is that the publishers are trying to take
all these things away from me that I used to get as the investor in the game.
You know what I mean?
Like I used to be able to sell the used games and, you know, trade the games I wanted to
and they could put in the disc or whatever.
Like the publishers have been slowly thinking of ways to take that away and I just don't
like it.
I understand the cost of developing a game is super expensive and all that, but the line's
got to be drawn somewhere.
It doesn't have to be super expensive.
They decided to go big and, you know, big and bold, I guess, for their games.
It doesn't have to be.
Indie games that come out are still just as good.
How much does it cost to develop Minecraft?
Granted, it's not as visually stunning as something else, but it doesn't have to be
visually stunning.
It just has to be fun.
It has to be fun to play.
That's all it has to be.
Let me go to the chatroom.
Lots and lots of folks chatting on this and I don't want to ignore you guys, live.vognetwork.com
where we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern
right after the Bobby Black Wolf show as the Voice of the Geeks Network, vognetwork.com.
YYR in chat starting us off tonight saying, Rob, this is the way the industry wants to
move.
I understand that, that this is the way the industry wants to move, but I have a right
to say I'm not moving with it and I think we all have that right.
Well, the industries don't determine what the consumers do.
The consumers determine what the industry should do.
I want to make, well, I want to make an analogy to where I think this is all going, but actually
first I want to address because I see numerous people in chat rooms saying, well, that's
it.
PS4 is for me this generation, but Monday hasn't happened yet, at least as of the taping
of the show.
I realized, you know, by the time some of you were hearing this on the podcast, Monday
may have already happened.
We don't really know where Sony's at and some of the signs point to they're going down a
similar path.
I think they are, but I don't think it's definitely, well, it's definitely not going to be part
of their presentation.
It's going to be people grilling them on it again and, I mean, look at all the stuff that's
happened before, you know, before all this, this, this whole three page thing came out,
there was reports going Microsoft canceled their after, you know, conference Q&A session.
They canceled their one-on-one interviews.
They just don't want to talk to people and then they put this stuff out and that's it.
They're just leaving it at that, but on top of all this, so you first off the whole game
sharing thing with your family and stuff.
Don't assume for one second that they're not going to expect each one of those people to
have live, you know, a paid subscription to live in order for that to happen.
And so why am I having to pay money for this console?
Pay money for live and like, it's like I had to pay for the privilege to be like fucked
over because you want to start, you're feeling greedy or something that you feel like we're
just not giving you enough money.
I also just don't like the fact that the Xbox has to talk to the servers once every 24 hours
because you know, it's not that I have a problem with it in theory or on paper.
Like you know, I do, I play a lot of MMOs.
Of course those talk to the servers.
I'm not so much caring about it in principle, but the reality is what's going to happen
when those servers go down because they will go down and history has shown that this is
what happens.
PlayStation network down for months due to a hack attack.
You don't think there's kiddies out there that want to hack this new network the minute
it goes up because they're angry too.
Xbox live goes down for a day or two at a time.
Granted, a lot of that is about maintenance, whatever.
But then we see things happen.
Diablo three, we can handle it.
We can handle it.
Crash, boom, error 37.
Sim city by EA.
We can handle it.
We can handle it.
Crash, boom.
It all goes down.
Xbox will go down.
What happens then?
You're not going to be able to convince me otherwise because history has shown it will
go down and what is going to happen.
Wank there is, there is no server on the face of the earth that has not, you know, that
has not gone down for any period of time.
I mean, I know they're saying that it's going to have a ton of, you know, they're going
to have a ton of servers or virtual servers or whatever, but they're going to have to
perform maintenance on these things.
It's got to go down for maintenance for a certain amount of time.
I mean, it's just, it's going to lock people out at some point.
Can we go back to PlayStation four though?
Because I do think there's a distinct possibility, at least some of this is going to be true
about Sony system as well.
Yeah.
Um, and to which parts not sure, but it seems like maybe the game registration, especially
in you, you, you told me before the show, you're banking a lot on EA's online pass and
their reason to get rid of that is because they've got the buy in from Sony and Microsoft
and they've given the finger to Nintendo essentially.
They won't.
Nintendo is nothing to them.
It's a very minimalist, minimal amount of copy.
They're belittling it.
Yeah.
So they, they just don't care about that right now.
But I think they wouldn't have gone all in if they didn't know that it was a guarantee
from both parties, both public or both, uh, console manufacturers.
And honestly, I just have a hot, especially we have to see how similar it is.
If it's very similar, I'm, there's some serious antitrust, you know, concerns there because
it's like, what are these guys just sit down and make, decide, Hey, we're going to do this.
This is how we're going to do this system.
And you know, we're going to both be on board and we're going to both benefit from it because
they're going to have no choice.
You know, we're going to get rid of options for them.
But I like, you know, even though there's all this negative information, I have to wait
until when the console come out before I can make my decision because they could very well,
hopefully, you know, say, fuck you guys.
You know, you know, seriously to EA.
What are they going to do?
They got to, you kind of get some balls here because what's Microsoft can do.
They can say, fuck you EA, what are you going to do?
Not publish games on our console.
And if Microsoft and Sony does that, what are they going to do?
Publish PC only?
I mean, they're not, they have to kind of agree on some sort of partnership here.
It's just, I mean, if Sony, let's just say in a perfect world, Sony would, you know, say,
okay, listen, we're not going to put up with this bullshit.
We're just going to keep things kind of the way they are right now.
And they could totally have this in the bag.
Easy, easy.
This generation could come out on top and just totally rule everything.
But I have a feeling that's not the case.
I don't think Microsoft would take a risk like that without, you know, knowing that
both parties are going to do that.
But yet there, you know, there's going to be some little differences in policy because
for instance, we heard last week about how Sony is mandating that there be off screen
play or whatever for PlayStation Vita.
So there are going to be little twists in the rules.
So you know, maybe, maybe, maybe Microsoft implemented, just, just theorizing a tinfoil
hat here, maybe Microsoft invented the whole game sharing Amazon Kindle thing to try and
put a little positive in a negative that they agreed to with Sony.
And maybe Sony is not going to have that.
Maybe Sony's, Sony's only got the negative and their positive is the PlayStation Vita
play.
You know, that kind of where one where we're trying to see who can come up with the best
silver lining to the shitty situation.
But see, that's the thing.
It's like, like I've, there's some people on Twitter and stuff and saying, hey, well,
the 10 game sharing thing is kind of cool.
I can share my games with someone else cause then I can cost average, you know, the games
I'm buying.
I'm like, but, but so what you can do that anyways, just, you know, you loan your games
to your friends if you really want to.
I just don't, I don't want to look, just say, well, at least they have this.
Okay, well that's good, but no, they're taking away all this stuff from us.
I'm sorry.
I'll just stick with what I've got right now and if I have to, I'll just go PC because
at least there there's flexibility with, I know, I know there's DRM with steam, but there's
also mods with steam.
There's also all sorts of customization.
There's indie games.
There's just insane sales on stuff.
I can honestly say yes, I use steam, but I have, I'm, I really think I maybe, maybe
ever bought one game, one game in the years I've owned steam.
I've bought one game full retail price and that would have been Civ five, a PC only game.
I never have.
And even when I could have gotten a, yeah, then it was stupid origin bullshit.
But when I bought mass effect three, for example, yeah, I bought it new, but I went and price
matched somewhere, so I didn't pay full price for it and didn't go through origin.
Oh yeah.
If they, if Microsoft were to announce at the end of their press conference, by the
way, uh, we're going to be lowering the price of games from $60 to $30 I I'm in, I'm back
in because if that's the plus that the games are now going to cost half as much, you know,
so okay, you know, I'll be back in, in a heartbeat.
It's not going to happen.
It's not going to happen because here's, what's going to happen.
Here's what it is.
You think that you're going to get better prices because now the stuff, now they're
getting rid of the used market, so to speak.
It's not going to happen because on PC you have multiple storefronts that are competing
with each other and yeah, it may be all steam DRM and stuff, but they're having sales all
across the board with Microsoft going this route.
Not only are you going to be limited where you can trade your game in, so right there
you're not going to get a really good deal as far as trading value goes because, Hey,
we're also going to go, we're your only options.
So your trading value is going to fucking suck to begin with and on top of that, you
think they're really going to mark down prices of games.
Hell, there's games on their Xbox games on demand service right now that are still way
above what you can actually get them in a disk space format.
So no, you're kidding yourself.
A couple of great comments in our chat room.
I want to get to Ahamkara in our chat says, I noticed Japan is not porting some of their
best games out of the country offer good games to themselves for cheap or free and don't
seem to care.
Funny how Microsoft is giving them the finger now by focusing on TV for Xbox one and not
caring about Japan as well.
Well, I mean, we've all kind of sat here going, well, clearly Microsoft's written off Japan,
but if Sony were to adopt these similar measures, how would that impact Japanese gaming culture?
Are Japanese game?
I mean, I honestly don't know.
Are Japanese gamers as willing to buy into all this?
I think that it's not necessarily going to work because from what, just from what I've
seen and of course we need somebody who lives there to confirm this.
There's a big culture around having collectibles being, you know, one of the campers to get
the game the first day, like the big lines around the Capcom store for whenever a Monster
Hunter game comes out.
It's a different type of culture.
Like, you know, we may have a few, maybe a few people standing in line for a new system
release or for having like maybe one super special game, you know, like the Madden ones,
but it's nowhere near the crazy levels that it happens in Japan.
Right.
You know, and then like, for example, I mean, I keep bringing up my stupid Cardcaptor Sakura
Dreamcast game.
It had a pillow pillowcase and a clock and a fork and a spoon and a dish.
Yes.
But I mean, and there was, um, a Sakura Taisen game that came out in the same type of bundle,
but I mean, there's lots of crazy-ass special editions that come out and people like their packaging.
Akuma JP, like clockwork, shows up in chat when you said, we need somebody from Japan
to be listening, but he just turned the station on, uh, we're talking about the, um, uh, Microsoft
Xbox one DRM restrictions.
And I was just kind of wondering if Sony's going down that same route, how, how does
that impact Japanese gaming culture?
Are the Japanese going to be as willing to buy into some of these restrictions?
I still think there's going to be physical packaging.
There's still going to be copies you can buy and sell because there is, I mean, there's
a big part of the economy around that and there's a big part of the culture around that
as I mean, you even see like a few people over here who like to get their import special
editions and everything.
All right.
One more comment.
I want to get here from chat.
And then I do kind of want to move on with the show because we have a lot of news to
cover in this pre E3 week, and I know we're going to get back to this topic during phone
calls tonight.
Uh, but I want to get this comment here from Koopa kid.
He says, thankfully, Nintendo isn't smart enough with online to be, to even be able
to implement these types of features.
You know, this is something I've kind of referenced in past episodes on the show when we were
all worried about this is that could Nintendo end up as the, you know, they're the right
now they're the dog in the corner chasing its tail, looking a little silly and everybody's
like, what a weird dog.
But now all of a sudden it's like, it's, it's the most attractive puppy in the room and
everybody might want to adopt it.
How is, has Nintendo's failure to embrace online, which granted probably is what drove
EA.
Does that suddenly make them the most attractive option to Japanese gamers, to people like
me that feel like I'm, I'm now for the, I don't want all these Draconia measures.
Honestly I would, if, if they put an Xbox, actually as I've been calling it the X bone
in front of me versus a Wii U, given me money and said, pick one to buy.
You can, you can buy one.
I would go for the Wii U. End of story.
I don't even care if it's just a glorified Wii.
I would pick that over the X bone because well, let's face it, I already have an Xbox
360.
I already have all this other stuff I can play.
If I had to pick one, it'd be the Wii U because I wouldn't have to be limited.
Loki do you have a thought?
Cause then I'm going to ask Jamie a very tough question.
Um, no, I still don't want a Wii U and the other reason it goes back to what the original
reason why I don't want a Wii U cause there's nothing I want to play on it and I don't really
consider a next gen console.
I mean, honestly, the stuff you're going to see on the Wii U, especially coming out of
new games is stuff that's going to be ported to the Xbox 360 and PlayStation three already.
I don't need to buy another console for games I can play on my console that I already have.
Now the only advantage I see, and it's been kind of, I've been thinking about more cause
my wife has been really hogging the TV, is that off, off screen or the, uh, you know,
second screenplay stuff is kind of cool because I do want to play console games a lot of times
and my wife wants to watch TV.
So you know, that is the only positive, but once again, it's, I don't want to buy a new
console just for that because I have my laptop, I can play on my laptop if really willing
to.
So it's just, no one's holding a gun to my head to force me to buy a new console.
I don't have to.
So I, you know, really, you know, if that's the thought process that they're going in
with it saying, well, you know, that's why EA can get rid of, you know, their online
passes because hey, they've got to buy another console at some point.
No, I don't, I don't have to do anything.
That's the thing.
I don't have to follow what you want me to do.
And don't think for one second that no one's going to figure out a way to put some sort
of device in between your console and the internet to fucking spoof that authentication
server.
I kind of think that's what's going to happen too.
The gamers going to hack, right?
It's going to happen.
They will.
And this will be a focus.
YYR in chat says all these draconian restrictions aren't going to send most gamers to, aren't
going to send most gamers to Wii U, the Nintendo fans will already buy one and everyone else
will just not buy a console.
I think if anything, I think people will still buy one next gen console, even though they
hate everything because they're like, well, I got to play Killer Instinct or I got to
play whatever.
You know, I always try to gauge this if, you know, in trying to, in the years I've been
doing the show and the commentary and everything, I find that the best insight comes from non-gamers
truly.
If I want to really get a feel for where people, where, you know, the America's head is really
at, I'm not going to look for it on Twitter, sorry guys, I'm not going to look for it with
you because we're a very unique, you know, smaller sort of subset fan base.
And I look to general people, people that don't consider themselves gamers.
And you know, this week I was on a work trip in Phoenix and I was with a couple of coworkers
and the subject of video games came up just randomly.
I think, I think somebody had asked about my podcast and I was talking about it kind
of casually and he mentioned, yeah, oh yeah, I really like Assassin's Creed and yeah, I
heard about that Xbox one, but I heard it's not going to play any of the used stuff.
I don't think I want to get one.
It sounds like it's too restrictive.
And I'm kind of just thinking in the back of my head, I'm like, I wonder if there's
a lot of people that, you know, when they just kind of hear what a friend of a friend
says to them, they're going to run with that.
You know what I mean?
Gamers will buy the console.
There'll be something on it.
There's always going to be the people there.
There will be PlayStation fours that sell.
There will be Xbox ones that sell.
Will they sell more than Wii U?
You know, I don't know, you know, the best time to buy an Xbox one's going to be the
end of the generation when they do eventually shut down those authentication servers.
And let's assume that they go the, you know, steam route and they unlock it so that you
don't have to call in every 24 hours, you know, it just works.
Or they can be fucking dicks and say, well, fuck, no, your shit's going to work now.
So let me ask Jamie the difficult question, then we'll move into our gaming week.
Okay.
All right.
And I opened this up to the chatters as well.
For the 11 years this month that we've been doing orange launch radio, we've always had
a mantra on this show 11 years.
And we're actually having a show on June 23rd this year, which is the birthday.
So anyway, that's only what, like three weeks away.
Holy crap.
I'd lost count.
Our 11th birthday is coming up y'all.
Okay.
So for the 11 years on this program, we've had a mantra on this show about gaming.
And that is a system is only as good as the games that are on it, but Microsoft's about
to unveil 15 exclusives, which might include some of the things we've been clamoring for
for a long time, killer instinct, you know, perhaps that Banjo Kazooie thing.
I don't know.
I'm going to fanboy wank here, but now because of all these things that the system is doing,
I'm coming back to question, is that mantra still true?
I think we may have to evolve it.
Because we've got a system now that's doing things that systems didn't do in the past.
We have a new restriction being placed on how they're trying to change how the system
works.
And so with that, I believe I'm trying to think of how to phrase this.
I think that the games themselves should speak for themselves, but they have to be made accessible.
If you don't have access to the game, it does you no good.
If it's not going to give you a way to play the game, that's I hope I'm making it's a
tough question.
It's tough to phrase, but I just kind of feel like the golden rule of gaming may finally
have shown a blemish this week.
I think that to be able to appreciate the game being on the system, you have to have
a system that's going to allow you to enjoy it.
Does that make sense?
Sure.
So like for it has to work.
It has to like for the Nintendo, you put the cartridge in the system and you know, it's
going to work.
Even if you blow on the cartridge 100 times, you know, it has to just work right.
But now we're calling into question, is this really going to work?
I have to quote Queen Simia, sprinkles on a turd don't make it any more tasty.
Um, cause actually, actually that's pretty much how it is.
I think that, Oh God, it's hard for me to say.
Okay.
Let me, let me try this from clerical error 404 in chat, uh, at live.vognetwork.com clerical
error 404 says, I think the mantra needs to evolve in that it needs to have the games,
but also the versatility, the more games that are accessible by more people and potential
players.
Power to the players.
Right.
Agreed.
Uh, the evil G there, but here's, here's really where my thought is on this one.
And I hope this makes sense because I've been trying to, the thoughts clear in my head,
but it's kind of hard to bring into words.
A system is only as good as the games that are accessible on it.
Preach.
Okay.
But I'm using, I'm using example here.
Back in the day, like I'm going to use symphony of the night.
Okay.
For Saturn and for PlayStation.
Cause I've got them both.
I liked the Saturn version better.
It was accessible to me at the time because I could import it, but other people, but say
that I had no means of importing the game and all I had was a $20 copy that I bought
used at GameStop because you could buy the music GameStop, Ooh.
Well then I would say, well, of course I like the PlayStation version because I haven't
been able to play it on the Saturn.
I have no basis of comparison.
So say that you've got this system here that you don't want to invest in because of its
practices around the game.
Say the PS4 comes out and it's fully open and everything's nice and lovely and the same
games come out for it.
You're still going to go with the one that's more accessible to you because that's what
you have.
You have no basis of comparison saying X version is better.
Isn't necessarily fair because you can't compare it.
Is that the reason why I tend to buy games on the PlayStation three over the Xbox three
60 for the mere simple fact that I like the controller better?
Yeah, I mean that's really the same.
Not always.
Cause sometimes, sometimes, but then I go, if I want to play the game online with friends,
I go to the three 60 because it's got the better network.
Thank you.
Clerical error.
Four Oh four.
This is a set.
I learned as you for preferring the Saturn version just because I really like playing
as Maria.
Okay.
All right.
The whole point is, is that the games being good to play is also determined by the other
factors that go into actually playing the game itself.
Like for you, the controller, like for me, I love playing Saturn games because the dual
analog controller does not hurt my hand even to this day, but playing, um, like I'm better
with RPG.
Like I like playing RPGs better now because I get to move my hand.
I don't have to keep moving my thumb around and, you know, pulling up my, uh, my scar
on my hand, all the scar tissue I've got.
So it's really going to be a matter of how you play it as well as the content itself.
And if it's not allowing you to access that content, then why bother?
All right.
Well, it's a complicated issue.
Any, any quick last words, Loki, you want to get in before we move on here?
No, it's just, I just disappointed that the news came out now and not after, because I
wish I could be a little bit excited about what Microsoft showing, but you sound like
a tweet I made earlier this week that every year I'm so excited about E3 and like, Yay,
new games.
Yay.
This year I really have a sense of dread about E3 this year.
It's about how am I getting fucked over this year?
Like, and I'm sorry to sound like that jaded gamers hate everything.com guy, but I'm not
going to lie to you.
That's where I'm at right now, whether I'm overreacting or not.
No, it's a lot of money you're asking me to drop on a console where it's not even really
my console.
At some point I got to put my foot down and say, I love video games, but no, I'm done.
Here's another question too, is how is the, how are they even going to enable this with
like the first sale doctrine and stuff?
Cause you know, I, I just don't know if they're going to say, well, you're licensing stuff
from us now.
Well, I don't know if they're going to be able to.
I think that that could, you could, well, considering how Sue happy everything is, I
think we could very well see that this is going to be a lawsuit within a year or so.
I forgot to make my analogy, so I'll make it quick.
Oh, I thought you did.
No, I didn't.
I make a lot of crazy analogies.
There's one I was sitting on all week.
Who remembers Divx?
Oh my God.
And I'm not talking about the codec on your computer that lets you watch movies and things
like that.
I'm talking about when there was actually a Divx player at circuit city, but it always
had to be connected online because you could rent the movies at the store and the thing
ended up flopping.
Why did the Divx flop?
Because of all the restrictions on it.
There weren't any games on it or any, no, there weren't any, uh, movies for it.
Well, there was, there was the same movies that were on DVD and laser disc.
Well, for the people who don't know what Divx is, just think of the little mascot from penny
arcade.
They have that little Divx player character that that's a Divx machine.
And I'm sorry, but right now what I'm hearing at X-Box one sounds very Divx to me.
And I think people rejected Divx because they wanted to own their shit and they didn't want
to have to keep dialing this server that was daddy Steven Spielberg, who was a co-owner
in this daddy Steven Spielberg.
May I watch this movie?
People want to have control in the end.
Yeah.
Game guru and chat Divx, the disc player that killed circuit city.
Absolutely.
It brought down an entire chain with it.
Don't think that the Divx didn't have a lasting negative impact on circuit city.
Well, and also, also keep in mind there, um, I just completely lost my train of thought.
No, it was, um, the fact that you still have people today that even though we've got iTunes
and we have all this digital distribution, there's still people who like to physically
go out and buy a disc who will prefer to buy their music on CD.
There's quite a few people in chat agreeing with you.
Yes.
Yeah.
I mean, I'm not necessarily one of them, but anyway.
All right.
Lots of passion behind this topic.
I'm sure we'll hear more about it during our phone call segment later, as well as the mailbag
mailbag at orange launch radio.com.
It's going to be a very interesting answer it.
I'm kidding.
It's going to be a very interesting E3 week.
That's all I have to say.
I, I, I'm really looking forward to next week's show when Sony will have to put it out on
the table because they didn't cancel their media stuff.
Right.
So they're going to have to answer this question.
And finally, we'll have a clearer picture to what things are going to look like come
this fall.
In the meantime, quickly, guys, how was your gaming week?
We always start off the show, haha, with how was your gaming week?
Dark soccer.
Start?
Um, well, I, after my kind of poo pooing on Star Trek online, I saw there was a new expansion.
So I decided to give it a try again and it's actually fun.
The legacy of Romulus expansion.
I mean, I just started off a character, but I had a really good time doing it and I really
liked what it added to the, uh, as I'm calling it, the main timeline lore.
It was really good.
So I've actually been enjoying that and they kind of set the skill trees back to how they
used to be.
Not necessarily exactly the same.
And I kind of respect my Vice Admiral incorrectly, but still they, they did a lot of really cool
stuff.
Actually, I'll tell you what was funny because I was just running around on my Vice Admiral
because I have her pretty much, uh, permanently parked at a deep space nine.
They put Morin in Quark's bar and like as a big DS nine fan, that made me stupendously
happy and like it even had him like quote telling a story, even though he never talks,
it just sort of did a fade out and then shaking his head for Lornely and everything.
It was pretty funny.
Um, I did start Marvel heroes.
I do not care for it.
It reminded me a bit of playing, um, Marvel Ultimate Alliance without the fun part of
having other people to play with.
And the fact that...
Interesting because you're the first one I've heard say something negative about it.
I mean, everybody has their opinion.
I just, uh, interesting.
I'm not saying it wasn't fun and yeah, it's free to play, but if I wanted, but if I wanted
another character, I pretty much have to buy, um, 20 bucks worth of points for one character.
Or if I bought $40 worth of points, that would get me, you know, maybe three characters.
And the one that I really wanted to play, she had a Sprite for it, but she wasn't accessible
to buy because as I've made no, uh, no secret of this, my favorite Marvel character is Jessica
Jones because she's bad-ass.
Um, so anyway, I played through the whole first mission as Scarlet Witch and it was
just like a not quite as fun version of Marvel Ultimate Alliance and I would rather play
Marvel Ultimate Alliance.
I'm going to check.
I want to check out this Marvel Heroes game.
I just, I was busy this past week, so I didn't get a chance to check it out, but I want to...
It wasn't bad.
I'm going to say it wasn't bad, but it wasn't enough to make me want to spend any amount
of money on it.
I mean, I might play it a little bit more.
I've got Scarlet Witch.
She's pretty cool.
I almost picked Hawkeye because, you know, Hawkeye, but I went for her.
You just wanted to stare at his booty.
No, I'm, you know what?
That's objectification, Robin.
I take exception to that.
Um, but, uh, it was all right.
It was all right.
And as a male, I am totally okay with the objectification of Hawkeye.
Just saying.
Well, if it's Jeremy Renner, then yeah.
Um, no, but at any rate, um, I also, I, as I have said, I am back to play Mass Effect,
the first one.
Um, Dramamine does not work, Rob.
And I will tell you why I actually had Dramamine is because I got it from my trip to Alabama
and I decided to take Dramamine for my first Mako mission.
And it did not help.
I was nauseous in five seconds.
And then, um, yes, Claire, Claire, it's because it's Jeremy Renner.
I think he's pretty, um, and intelligent, and intelligent, um, but, uh, uh, what was
I saying?
Oh yeah.
Um, so I actually, uh, I have a high res mod.
Well, it's really, you have to sort of manually mod your INI files yourself and then use text
mod for the high resolution textures.
And I figured out that why my game kept shutting down is because it didn't have, um, uh, there's
like a little program you can run to make it accept, um, higher, uh, memory usage, which
I mean, I've got a card that, you know, gives me two extra gig of VRAM, so I don't know
what's going on, but I ended up, uh, getting that working and, uh, it was, uh, it was pretty
good.
And I actually, I can tell you this, that I don't get as sick as I did with some of
the higher res textures.
So I'm pretty much just running through the game and trying to get all the stuff I missed.
I'm actually also doing a different background than what I used to do because I always used
to do either a colonist or a spacer, but I would always do soul survivor and now I'm
doing a war hero, which is, it kind of changes up a few things, you know, you don't have
to deal with the hyperventilating, uh, slave girl and you'd still deal with a major asshole.
I'm sorry, Admiral asshole.
Um, the only thing I do, and I will give this as a flat warning for anyone who uses the
texture replacement is it does mess up anyone wearing the dress blues because it will change
a texture to white and the hands to white, which is really bizarre.
But other than that, it's, it's super nice.
Everything looks beautiful.
And um, God, I was playing something else too, and I don't remember what it was.
I don't remember what it was.
We'll come back to you if you think of it.
Oh, Dan is really irritated with grid two.
Why?
Because he says that it does, that the collision detection in that game is just really shit.
I haven't played it.
Well, you know, he has that driving.
Oh no, I know he loves his driving rig.
He's he's a, he's a manly man.
Yeah.
All right.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
Uh, unfortunately I did not play, I don't think anything actually.
Uh, I, yeah, it's just, uh, the boss has been out all week, so they haven't played any
Call of Duty and uh, I didn't really play anything in the video.
I was working on my laptop for most of the week and then my laptop broke, so then I had
to fix my laptop.
So I've been busy with that.
So um, yeah, I did buy the, uh, the serious Sam bundle thing that they have on the humble
bundle weekly thing.
So that was kind of cool.
So we'll play some of that soon and um, just watch the Watch Dogs trailer for E3, the E3
trailer.
It looks fantastic.
I can't wait for that game.
Hmm.
So that just released tonight?
Uh, it leaked out.
Yeah.
Nice.
All right.
Anything else?
Uh, that is it.
Uh, I'm only really going to talk about one new game.
Uh, I, uh, was in Phoenix for a lot of the week for the day job, so that kind of kept
me away from most of my games besides iPad and portable games I've talked a lot about
on the show.
My random game to play on the airplane, thank heavens for the Game Boy Advance games and
the NES games and all that on the 3DS for the early adopters, Mario Kart Game Boy Advance.
I don't know why it actually is one of the weaker Mario Kart games, just control wise
and everything, but, uh, I just, just, I was like, I want to unlock the special cup.
So I did it.
Anyway, uh, the real game I've been playing a bit of at least the past couple of days
is Animal Crossing New Leaf.
It's the 3D version of Animal Crossing that just came out.
Um, what can I say?
It's Animal Crossing.
Some of the differences though, uh, I noticed that they put a lot of the stores that used
to be sprinkled throughout your town, not really the mall thing like the Wii did, but
there's a other side of the tracks now, like a main street where all the, like the nooks,
the Abel sisters, the, uh, Tom Nook, who's the, now the realtor, cause he gave the convenience
store to his kids and, uh, some other stuff is, uh, all that stuff's on the other side
of the tracks.
The museums there too.
So it's kind of neat to have kind of everything in that one place that really opens up your
town to have a little bit more of your design when it comes to the trees and the flowers
and all that.
Um, all the online experience is pretty much similar to what I noticed in the previous
games.
You open up your train gates and people can come visit.
In fact, I should open mine up and see if anyone comes to visit.
Uh, and then you can, uh, close them when you're ready for people to get out.
Uh, so a lot of that hasn't changed.
Um, but I know they brought the island back and there's a lot more fruits available thanks
to the island.
Um, some of the other things I noticed is that the story is a lot different because
now you're the mayor.
Uh, so you have an assistant, Isabella, who kind of helps you, or I'm assuming everybody
has the same one.
I don't even know.
Uh, but she kind of helps you through some of the earlier stages of the game.
And yes, it is still about paying off bell debt, but you know, animal crossing kind of
still remains that game.
It's kind of like the Facebook game that you don't have to have a lot of deep shame to
play cause you know, it doesn't have all that like click to invite all your friends.
But um, it's just kind of fun to grow your little neighborhood and interact with the
people.
And then the online element, uh, provides a lot of fun with that.
And it's 35 bucks since it's a handheld game, not 60 like a lot of console games cost.
So I think that's priced pretty good.
Sometimes you just want to do a little bit of fishing, donate it to the museum, make
some bells.
It seems like a lot of people I know are getting animal crossing and that's, I think the real
fun in it is just, you know, trading the fruits and writing nasty letters to somebody else's
villagers and hoping they don't get too mad at what you're saying and all that.
So, um, yeah, I'm happy with my purchase of animal crossing, but, uh, I think most people
kind of know already what to expect with this.
Don't expect like a, a total reinvention of the franchise.
Um, but I wouldn't say it's as simple as, Ooh, now you can sit on a bench too.
There's a little more to it than that.
They, they did a little more design with it.
Um, it feels like a different game, especially if you put like the original GameCube game
next to this game.
You can really see how this series has evolved.
All right.
Uh, anyhow, let's get into a quick housekeeping.
Um, I mentioned this earlier in the show, but do keep an eye on this week, e3.vognetwork.com.
It is our interactive E3 experience at the voice of geeks network.
That's going to be led by a VOG networks, Bobby Black Wolf, who will be on the, uh,
the show floor at E3.
And he will be getting answers to your questions because once Bobby's, you know, done these
appointments and played some of the games, he wants to see what you guys want to hear
about.
But, uh, you know, all we ask, don't ask the obvious things that are already in the press
releases and don't ask about this stinking Xbox used game thing because, you know, we
all know they're not going to comment further on it, but you know, maybe there's a game
that you're not hearing enough about because all this new gen stuff is hogging the spotlight.
Maybe there's something else you want to hear more about.
You have a question about, maybe you're a very passionate fan of, I don't know, tech
in and you want to hear more information about to, although I don't think Namco Bandai has
a booth.
I don't remember, but you know, whatever it is, you want to hear more about it.
Uh, go take a look at e3.vognetwork.com and has all the information you need.
Question submissions open up after the Sony press conference tomorrow when we're really
going to know where things stand.
Okay.
Um, we'll hear from Bobby Black Wolf on that a little more later because we are going to
have a list list later tonight.
Uh, the thing we most want to see happen at e3 2013 that'll be in part B later in the
show.
But first let's run through through some gaming news and Loki start us off.
All right.
So there is a rumor going around that, um, GameStop is discontinuing the Wii U basic
after June 18th.
And um, basically, you know, the rumor comes from that they've been getting it like there's
an internal email saying that they're going to be, um, sending back all the, you know,
basic units and that kind of stuff.
Also um, Nintendo's followed up with this saying that there's current, a current misperception
about the Wii U hardware to clarify Nintendo is working with its retail partners to simply
rebalance the stock of white eight gigabyte systems and black 32 gigabyte Wii U models
in the market.
Consumers looking for either model will continue to find them available.
It doesn't make any sense to me, but okay.
Um, then of course there's a follow up to that where, um, another retailer was saying
that they received an email, um, that they're going to be recalling all the eight gigabyte
systems.
I think if anything, this has to do with the fact that they're talking about, um, putting
out a white, you know, um, made three, two gigabyte system.
I'm wondering if they're just going to get rid of the eight gigabyte system altogether
because maybe that's not as popular.
Um, I know a lot of people that buy Wii U's at least, you know, as far as my customers
are concerned, not a lot of them.
Who's buying the basics?
Not a lot of people.
They want the pack in game.
They want the stuff that comes with the deluxe.
I wouldn't be, I wouldn't blame Nintendo at all if they're phasing the basics out of the
market.
And I think if the 18, the 18th coincides well with, you know, being after E3, so maybe
we'll get an announcement and that's my fingers.
My re my real hope is that they're getting rid of the basics because they're going to
drop the price of the deluxe is down to where the basics are.
That would be phenomenal news and what a great opportunity for Nintendo to kick their competition
in the balls while all this other talk about, you know, the usage restrictions and all this
is going on.
Nintendo could really strike them in the jugular and you might still hate everything that Nintendo
has to offer, but you got to recognize that there's going to be a lot of people that are
here for Mario Kart and, and Mario and all this wouldn't be that hard for them to refurbish
all those old systems to pop that eight gigabyte storage chip off there and put three gigabyte
chip there in place.
Yeah.
So it wouldn't be that hard.
Some could very well could happen.
Alan alchemy in our chat room at live.vog network.com says eight gigabytes is just an
embarrassingly insufficient amount of memory by today's standards, period budget console
or no.
That's very true.
It's not a lot.
So Nintendo has got to catch up, but don't catch up too much to what else is going on
in the world.
Uh, moving on to other news out of E3, uh, Square Enix mentioning what they're going
to be showing at their E3 booth.
Sometimes things get left off of this, but, uh, you know, I'll, I'll, uh, say what there
is so far.
Kingdom hearts, 1.5 remix on PlayStation three final fantasy 14, a realm reborn, uh, which
makes sense.
Cause I believe beta three starts next week comes out in August.
Yeah.
So they're, they're counting down there.
They've also changed restrictions on the beta stuff.
Yes.
NDA is lifted.
So, but still no, um, you're not allowed to say anything on the previous betas.
Okay.
Well, all I got to tell you is next OLR, no live streaming next OLR.
We got a lot to say.
Realm reborn, uh, lightning returns final fantasy 13 being shown off, which I believe
also a release date got spotted on a banner and it's February 14.
Yeah.
Uh, final fantasy 10 and 10, two HD remaster for the Vita and PlayStation three deus X
human revolution director's cut for Wii U and thief.
Another big title on its way.
Now, um, there are rumors that there could be something additional there as well.
Apparently the future of final fantasy being teased for Tuesday, June 11th, nine AM, uh,
rumors and rumblings suggesting it's final fantasy 15, uh, whether that is what 13 verses
has been put through a remodel and that's now 15 or maybe this news is just 13 verses.
No, it's going to be something new for the PlayStation four and the, probably the Xbox
one, because remember the PlayStation four of it, they showed the same fucking trailer
that they had before and they're like, and we'll have more to announce that E3, you know,
so it's, it's going to be something new for next gen.
It's probably going to be using their new engine that they have.
It is sad to me though.
The dragon quest 10 just probably isn't going to happen over here, is it?
I was kind of hoping that maybe they would announce Saturday three, but that maybe they
were just going to solely back Wii U.
I really wish they would try with dragon quest 10, but let's try the dragon quest series
does have a following.
It sure does.
And sure, the following is bigger in Japan, but to write it off here, I don't know.
Maybe dragon quest nine didn't sell well enough.
I also remember they had dragon quests, uh, monsters or whatever that are the one that
they came out over here.
That was the Wii game.
That was first person that did not do well, so all right, moving on.
Quest swords.
That's what it was.
Yeah.
Well this, this is purely rumor.
Okay.
So I'm just going to go ahead and spit it out there.
Allegedly stuff.
Um, there is a rumor going around that Microsoft has been paying off, uh, third party developers
not to show off anything for PlayStation four either on stage or at their booths that Microsoft
has resorted to paying them off for this.
Now I don't know if this is true or not, but the, um, the report came from a source on
Neogaf that's done a lot of true.
Here is your nice big salt lick.
Exactly.
To go with this.
Exactly.
But it did come from someone who in the past has been reliable.
Well this now, this would put way in the column of maybe Sony isn't in the same camp as Microsoft
because otherwise it's, what are you so afraid of Microsoft?
Well, the whole point is that the theory is that if this is really what's going on, the
Microsoft is trying to give the illusion that they're going to have more games available
than the PS4 will.
Which would make them look more attractive.
And it's not that Microsoft and Sony haven't bought, you know, struck at each other financially
before.
I mean, what, uh, Microsoft got a lot of DLC agreements.
Uh, Sony got the whole, uh, valve tie in portal.
Like everybody bought portal two on PlayStation three because everything, well, not everybody,
but a lot of people did because of, you know, their agreements with valve and steam integration,
which was really good.
I got mine on steam.
Yeah.
Well, you got, you bought it.
It was a gift, but still.
Well, you bought it on PS3 and you got it on both.
No, I didn't.
You did, but I mean, I didn't care about it on PS3 at all.
I got it on, on windows.
So paying for exclusives and paying off for stuff like that, that's not really, but it's
just in light of everything else going on in the gaming industry is what makes a lot
of people kind of leech onto this news is, Ooh, yeah, well, and it could just be something
that was thrown out there for the purpose of, uh, you know, making Microsoft look bad
too.
But at the same time, they don't need a Neo GAF thread to do that.
I don't know that at this point that I would put anything past, past them right now, especially
since this type of shit goes on all the time in the corporate world.
So saying, but isn't it weird how Microsoft and Sony would have had to agree to this thing.
And then now they strike at each other in corporate warfare and these other ways.
It's really, it's kind of sick in some ways.
Welcome to corporate America.
Well, welcome to the world corporation.
I know, I know, I know, but I'm saying it's business and in the end what people, what
companies most care about is their bottom line and they will do what they can to increase
it.
End of story.
Loki.
All right.
Um, so let's see, let's talk a little bit about plants versus zombies.
And um, you may remember they had an announcement for plants versus zombies too.
It's about time.
Well now there's some actual, uh, banners being spotted at E3 showing plants versus
zombies garden warfare.
I am excited.
Which is, um, rumors to be true.
I think they were saying that it's a multiplayer first person shooter game.
So I am no longer excited.
Well, there's still the plants versus zombies too.
I'm excited about that.
The first person shooter?
No.
Yeah.
I remember, I remember actually hearing about that before, so it'll be interesting to see
what that's like.
I'm thinking maybe a little bit like that Batman, um, what was it?
The uh, the uh, Batman game that they had on the Xbox live arcade, uh, Gotham imposter
or yeah, that one, Oh, the Gotham kids or something like that.
I don't like it.
Yeah.
It's like, uh, somebody in chattel yell it out.
I don't remember.
Anyways.
Um, Oh, neat.
I guess we'll have to, you know, hear about it on, uh, during E3 or EA's press conference.
I guess they're going to have that on Monday.
So I'm watching all of those.
That'd be fantastic.
And yeah, me too.
You want to hear something kind of funny off topic here a little bit.
Um, I was looking on new gap just a second here.
Um, they put out a reminder that there was this thing that leaked last year.
Remember about their kind of a game plan.
Yeah.
And, uh, the, the actual marketing position that they had on, uh, their, you know, for
2013 is this one box input one.
So that, that's the same slogan that they have at E3 now.
So playing a little bit more to maybe that was legitimate.
Yeah.
Huh?
It's always nice when those rumors end up being true a year after the fact, right.
In retrospect, Oh, we could have known all along if we would just believe this one rumor.
Well, it still shows through 2015.
So, you know, I guess we'll have to see, you know, what that's all about.
Uh, Akuma JP in our chat room with a very interesting comparison.
We were talking earlier, the whole corporate warfare with, um, Sony and Microsoft Akuma
JP in our chat says, look at Apple and Samsung.
That's another good comparison because those two, they have to work together for some things,
but then they're at each other's throats with courts and lawsuits and everything.
It's, um, fascinating how that all works.
Okay.
Here's if, if that member of that whole thing, uh, the, you know, PDF that came out last
year.
So here's what the next game plan then would be for to Zilla glasses, digital glasses that
allow you to see 3d objects in your living room.
That's augmented reality stuff.
So that's going to be next year, apparently according to the roadmap.
What about the alumina room?
When's that supposed to be a thing next year too, I think.
Hmm.
Hmm.
Interesting.
All right.
Um, moving on, I talked earlier in the show about animal crossing and I know one reason
everybody loved the game cube version of animal crossing.
And some people arguably say it's their favorite is because it had all the classic NES games
in it.
Remember how you could play punch out and clue clue land and all these Nintendo games
in animal crossing.
Well, this will probably be a bit of a duh, but in an interview with the Katsuya Eguchi,
um, he basically, and this is an interview, uh, that he had out there, he said that please
consider it's not happening ever again in regards to virtual console at the time of
animal crossing on the game cube, we didn't have a virtual console system.
We thought the playing games inside of a game is kind of funny and we wanted to do it, but
now there's a virtual console where you can play classic games.
So we don't think we'll be doing that in future titles.
So kind of confirmation that, yeah, they're not going to bring those NES games back in
the other systems and it's really virtual console's fault because they can make money
selling those games separately.
However, part of the reason I want to bring this up is because when I was reading this
article on destructoid.com who ran with this article, I really liked an idea that was proposed.
Now I wanted to kind of put this out there by the author of destructoid.com who said,
uh, there's more that could be done to appease those looking for retro flavor in a new animal
crossing adventure.
A nice compromise would be to include some special eight bit animal crossing themed games
in the next entry of the series.
Um, in the game cube title, tortimer might give you a fake NES game called super tortimer
on April 1st.
What if super tortimer were playable, a little 10 minute long platformer starring a turtle
mayor and maybe a few other fake but fun lo-fi NES on animal crossing mini games.
And I'm like, I love that idea.
That's a fantastic, fantastic idea.
Like what, you know, just silly little flash games to be collectible.
I think that would be a great thing for the series granted, you know, it's going to be
a lot of development costs and somebody's got to design all that design as a contest.
You have a bunch of indie dev.
I was just a crowdsource the fucker.
You just have a bunch of indie devs just creating a bit shit for it and you could even market
that as a reason to buy the game, but I don't know.
I just don't see Nintendo as somebody who would, uh, crowdsource like that.
You know what I mean?
But yeah, that would be awesome.
Too bad.
Oh, you know, Nintendo, if you're thinking about that Wii U version of animal crossing,
here's a, Oh, Oh, this could, this could really bring a lot of people back.
Or just, you know, maybe just give us, you know, those NES games.
Cause come on, you've already made your money back and then like, who the fuck's going to
buy clue clue land.
Let's be real.
It wasn't that good.
Donkey Kong math or who's going to buy that shit.
Come on.
Um, what you would buy donkey Kong math.
No, but I have picked up a copy of clue clue land when I saw it at the store.
You're a nerd though.
Shut up.
I have memories of clue clue land.
Don't, don't judge me.
Uh, while I are in chat says, but I do have to buy a third party hack this to unlock them
all this time.
Um, yeah.
Cause remember super Mario brothers and Zelda were in the original animal crossing, but
you couldn't get them without a code.
Like they were never actually given out.
You had to get, you had to code them to do it, uh, or, or use the link from Hyrule website
that was big back in the day where everybody had the same character name.
So you could just gift yourself all this stuff.
Pretty funny.
Um, what else do I want to say with that?
Uh, Oh, here's one other thing I would say is that if they do these whole like little
flash games that they put inside animal crossing, they could almost one up virtual console.
And like, how about little achievements within animal crossing and leaderboards within animal
crossing.
Suddenly animal crossing is what we all thought PlayStation home was going to be.
Think about it.
Womp, womp.
All right.
Anyway.
Well, how about, uh, something that's a little bit happier, Rob?
Okay.
Um, how about something that has nothing to do with Nintendo?
I don't know if that's going to be happier this week.
Nintendo is kind of my, my safe room.
Nintendo is my safe word this week.
Remember if it gets a little bit too hard for you, just say PlayStation.
Uh, this actually has to do with, um, an exclusive for PS3 that will be, uh, launching on Tuesday.
Tekken revolution is going to be on PS3.
It will be free to play.
And you know, me and my Tekken, I worked for Namco.
I remember Tekken three and trying to predict who the next character would be.
So I have to say that.
And trying to predict who the next character would be.
So I have special, special love of, of anything Tekken.
Especially anything that has a Jin Kazama in it.
Yeah, but isn't this just going to be the dumb trading card game?
You know what?
It says, um, that, uh, basically it's going to be, I'm trying to see what it says.
It's going to be, uh, yes.
Being, um, referred to as a new version of Tekken card tournament, which you know, it's funny.
I even had the stupid Tekken card game on the wondrous one.
So I will go to links to play anything Tekken.
So I'm just saying, don't judge me.
At least this one's free.
Yeah. I like free.
Who doesn't?
Especially cause I'm broke.
Well, if you hate free and you want to buy something this week.
Get the X bone.
If you hate freedom, buy an Xbox one.
No, uh, seriously, what is coming out this week around the world?
US first Loki.
Nothing really.
Um, well one game, the last of us on Friday.
On Friday.
Arguably a big fucking game.
Yeah. Great reviews, but Friday?
What?
Well, you know, got to get down on Friday.
I guess, you know, they want to make sure.
Got to get down to Disneyland.
Want to make sure that it isn't released on Tuesday with all that, you know, E3 news getting, you know, lost in the shuffle there.
So, all right.
Well, traveling to Japan and seeing if there's anything additional this week.
Um, not so much on the PlayStation 3.
PlayStation 3 is looking pretty empty this week.
Xbox 360.
You'd be surprised.
There is a game on Xbox 360 this week.
It's called Giga Force and Esketos Wonder Pack.
I don't know if that's just like the combination, like a combination two for one thing.
Yeah, it is definitely a two for one pack.
I'm looking at the box art.
These look to be 3D spacey shooter games.
Like, uh, mechs.
Oh, it's, is this?
Oh, it's got classic games in there too.
I see.
Judgment, Silver Sword, Cardinal Sins.
If you're a SHMUP fan, this might be the compilation for you.
That is out on the Xbox 360 this week.
Is it just me or does Xbox 360 get so many SHMUPs over in Japan?
Like, it's the SHMUP console.
Oh, that's good to know.
Yeah, but especially, uh, bullet hell games?
Please.
Uh, looking at the other systems.
Sadly, not a lot this week.
3DS is really the only other thing that's seeing some releases.
Donkey Kong Returns makes its way to Japan this week.
And, uh, there's a Nintendo metallic red 3DS to match.
Also, one other game from Square Enix this week.
Chusoku Henkai Gyro Zetter, Albatross no Tsubasa comes out this week.
And this is...
Wings of the Albatross?
Yes, it looks like another mech fighting game slash role playing game type thing.
Aren't Albatrosses usually associated with bad modical things?
Maybe they're mechs that swim, Dark Sakura. I don't know.
I don't think Albatrosses can swim.
I think they just die and hang around your neck.
Speaking of dying and hanging around your neck, I'm done with the Japanese game releases this week.
Well, we have a few things for the UK.
On the 11th, we have Tekken Revolution, as I brought up earlier.
On the 12th, we have Xenoclash on the Xbox 360.
And on the 14th, Animal Crossing 3DS, Chemical Spillage Simulation for PC,
which actually just sounds hilarious without knowing anything about it.
And then The Last of Us on PS3.
That's it.
Stick a fork in it, speaking of dead things.
Okay, um, let's see.
There is some interesting controversy with this game, Vampire Smile,
which was one of those, well, it originally started off as the Dishwasher,
one of the first Xbox indie games that they showed off.
Actually, I think while they were introducing indie games,
or what did it used to be called? Community games? Way back in the day?
Anyway, so the sequel to Dishwasher, the Vampire Smile, was coming to PC.
But originally, the first way it came to the PC was a hacker,
I guess a developer, Barbarus.
He really wanted to see the game come to PC, so he cracked a version of it
and uploaded it, I guess, to the internet.
And so he kind of ported it to PC.
Well now, it's actually coming officially to PC as well,
because they weren't too happy with the fact that he cracked the game and stuff.
So, new Director's Cut is going to have some enhancements to the game and some more...
That's not a good precedent to set, though.
Like, you know, hack our game and we'll put it on the console you want.
They didn't remember, was it Sonic Generations?
They had the Sonic...
The hell is the crappy one with the werehog?
They had all the daylight missions from that game.
Ask this one. I don't know, I can't tell all those Sonic games apart.
She can.
Which Sonic game? Sonic Unleashed, I think it was.
I hadn't played that one.
Yeah, Sonic Unleashed, they had the daytime levels from that ported over to Sonic Generations for the PC,
because it never came out on PC.
I do have Sonic Generations and I haven't even played it yet.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase, TICKET.
To answer a code, man, I don't acknowledge that in my universe.
What? Acknowledge what? Don't have a one-sided conversation here.
Kiefer Sutherland.
Hey, that's coming up later in the show. Stop spoiling things.
I know.
Stop spoiling it.
I still don't like thinking about it.
Spoiler. Alright.
You know what, Rob?
What? No spoilers here. This is news.
This is about Starcraft 2. I will admit this is the one Blizzard franchise I don't play a lot of.
I owned the very first game, I didn't bother with the expansion.
But, apparently, I may not need it.
Because there's a new system in Starcraft 2 that Blizzard did this week called spawning.
And I thought that meant maybe a new enemy unit. Isn't that what zergs do? They spawn a lot of zergs.
But, anyway, what happens is you get free access to gameplay features when somebody who doesn't own a certain version of the game
parties with someone who did.
So, in other words, when you go into multiplayer, you play the most current version of the game owned by at least one person at the party.
So, if you have the free starter edition, but you come play with me and I have Starcraft 2 basic edition,
we're now both playing Starcraft 2 basic edition.
So, that's kind of cool. That's like DS1 cartridge play or something like that.
If I party up with somebody playing Heart of the Swarm, we both get to play Heart of the Swarm.
It's been rolling out globally since June 4th when this was announced.
I don't know what regions do and don't have it at this time, but this is something that is planned for everybody.
So, that's kind of awesome, actually.
Because if you have a core group of four friends that you just want to do nothing but play Starcraft with,
maybe one of you is a big Starcraft nerd, but the others aren't so much,
one person buys the game, everybody mooches off it, and you just don't play otherwise.
That's kind of cool.
Yes.
It's almost like if you had a game and then you load it to their friends,
and then they got really excited about the game and bought the sequel and it came out at launch.
Oh, we can't have that.
We can't. We can't do that. It cuts into developer money.
To be fair, although I love your tongue-in-cheek point there,
let's not forget Starcraft 2 does require an always-online connection just because that's the nature of the game.
You're right, because the PC marketplace is completely different than the console marketplace.
Because they don't require an online connection there either.
Can we go back to a time when there wasn't any of this always-online bullshit?
Although I will say, I do love my MMOs. I do love me my MMOs.
However, I also love classic games, and that's why every week on the show,
DarkSakura jumps into the gaming vault and finds a game that she thinks,
hey, kids, play this game or I'm going to cut you.
I cut you off with my razor-sharp wit.
DarkSakura, what is the classic game of the week this week?
Star Gladiator.
Or as it was called over here, Star Gladiator Episode 1 Final Crusade.
Yeah, Episode 1 Final Crusade. What's up with that?
Okay, so anyway, it came out in 1996.
It was a 3D fighting game done by Capcom for the PlayStation.
Well, actually for the ZN1 arcade, which was basically a glorified PlayStation.
It was their first polygon fighting game.
It actually came out before Street Fighter EX, so this was kind of a big thing for them.
It was a pretty neat little game, I mean, as far as a 3D fighter goes.
It didn't use the six button thing. It used a four button configuration.
It was a lot like how the Soul Edge and Soul Calibur games went.
You had a 3D plane. You could do ring outs. It was that type of game.
It wasn't really anything that was special as far as 3D fighting games at the time,
but the fact that it was Capcom's first makes it notable.
It also had these things called plasma reverses that are guard moves
that you have to release at a particular point in time in the battle,
where it will enable you to deflect an incoming move and stun them
so that you could actually attack in reverse.
It also does extra damage as well.
It also had a combo system so that you could basically just pummel people to death.
In the arcade mode, it was ten fights, and depending on who you chose as your character,
you had a specific set of opponents that you would fight.
It was actually a pretty good game.
You see some notable characters in there that showed up in other Capcom games,
like Hayato showed up in Marvel vs. Capcom 2,
and he had an appearance in Tatunoko vs. Capcom in the Tekkaman Blade ending,
which actually kind of made me giddy at the time.
And there was Jun, who was also in the background stages of Gem Fighter,
and in Capcom vs. SNK 2,
and in one of the wind poses of Hayato in Marvel vs. Capcom 2.
And she was also in Hawkeye's ending in Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3
as a member of the West Coast Avengers, which, actually, that was pretty crazy,
because I beat that game with him.
There was Saturn Dyer, Gamoth, Gogri, Franco, Garrett, Vector, Rim Gal,
who was Jun's dad.
There's a bunch of people in the game, anyway.
It was a really neat game in that it used both English and Japanese voice acting
for the characters.
And it also spawned a Dreamcast game that was called Plasma Sword,
Nightmare of Bliss, which is actually me finding my Dreamcast copies,
what made me think of the PlayStation version.
But it was a really neat game.
I mean, for all of the stuff that it did, it may not seem a big deal today,
but when it came out, I thought it was a really cool game.
So, Star Gladiator, you win Classic Game of the Week.
I have to admit, I didn't know a lot about this game until I'm kind of watching the,
as with a lot of these classic games you pick.
I didn't know a lot about this one, but I'm watching it and I'm like,
wow, this looked pretty good for a PlayStation 1 game.
It looks a little more Dreamcast level to me.
Is it late PS1?
I'd say it was late PS1.
But you should see Star Gladiator was actually a really fun little fighter.
It had its issues just about with any PlayStation 1 game at the time,
but you should really see Plasma Sword because that was really fun, too.
This character here, June, I really like her, too.
With the chakram?
Yeah, well, she reminds me of that chicken Soul Calibur, Tina, I think it is,
with a similar feel, the big disc.
And actually, that's who I played this game most with was June.
But you should, one of these days we'll have to hook up the Dreamcast
and I'll bring over Plasma Sword.
I have a Dreamcast.
So do I.
In fact.
But I have Plasma Sword and I will bring it over.
This is why I need to get game streaming on my TV
because we need to do some classic NES game streaming through the Dreamcast emulation.
Good times.
That would be wrong, but funny.
All right, there it is, the classic game of the week, Star Gladiator.
Star Gladiator.
Oh, actually, I need to point out, Cleric Player 404 did remind me.
She's using the combo attack of Chun-Li and Puzzle Fighter 2 Turbo.
Who was?
June.
Really?
Yes.
I don't remember that.
Well, there were cosplay.
I mean, not that I believe you, but I'm just...
There were costume combos, remember?
Where people would dress up as different...
Oh, yeah.
And like, I think one of Ibuki's was like the Miko costume
and Sakura had a bunch of different ones and one of Chun-Li's was June.
All right.
From Star Gladiator.
All right.
Very cool.
All right, we got plenty more show to go here.
Coming up with Part B tonight, we have a list list coming up tonight.
Few surprises in store with list list tonight.
That's all I'm going to say.
You are definitely going to want to be here live for this.
Sorry to the podcasters in advance.
Very cool live feature tonight.
And the Fugu question of the week as well.
And rapid fire news, the mailbag, FUs of the Week,
and your calls at 1-877-GAMO-LR and username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
All when we come back after this with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Hi there.
This is Flaco Jones and you're participating with Orange Lounge Radio,
the show where every gamer has a voice.
And I want to use my voice to tell you you should all play Ni No Kuni.
It's great.
Rob, you should beat Ni No Kuni.
And now that I said it in the bumper, you have to beat Ni No Kuni
or you have to play this bumper forever.
Looks like I'm playing the bumper forever because I still haven't beat Ni No Kuni.
You can lend me your copy then.
You want to hear a true story?
I came in the other day, Ni No Kuni.
I came back from Phoenix.
My copy of Ni No Kuni is on the floor and I'm like,
oh, it's on the floor.
That means Alan must have picked it up and started playing it at some point, right?
And he said, oh, no, I used it to put kitty treats on.
Can I borrow it, though?
Yeah, if you're actually going to play it, then yes.
I will.
Okay, I think you'll like it, actually.
So, yes, you may borrow it.
I'm fun employed.
I think Flaco would approve of that.
Yes, we did recycle a message this week.
That means we could use some new bumpers.
I did get one today, to be fair, so I'll put that in for next week.
But if you want to submit a bumper as well, you can get all the information at the Voice Geeks Network,
voggenetwork.com.
Click on forums and look at the OLR forum.
It's right there at the top in a sticky thread how you can get your voice in a bumper on the show.
And you can tell the listeners whatever you want, within reason.
I even did one in not that great Japanese, but thanks to Kuma JP for correcting my grammar.
Oh, I'm talking about the ones that, not the ones that play on the network, but the ones that bring us back here.
But I'm planning on actually doing one.
But you're on the show.
I can do a bumper.
No, you can't.
Yes, I can.
Do a bumper for Bobby's show.
I'll do one for Bobby.
I'll do one for Bobby that says, hey, listen to this show, dammit.
Hey, hey, listen, hey, listen, hey, listen.
But I have to make it high-pitched.
Hey, listen.
Anyhow, plenty more to come here on this half of Orange Lounge Radio.
But first, some rapid-fire news.
Let's take care of a lot of news this week in rapid-fire news.
Yes, so it sort of leaked out, and then it got announced, Halo Spartan Assault.
It's coming out for all your favorite gaming platforms, including Windows 8 PCs, tablets, and phones.
And those are Windows 8 devices, by the way.
Windows Phone, Surface tablets.
Yeah, and apparently it's going to be set between Halo 3 and 4, and is a twin-six shooter.
So, totally the title you're looking for.
There's some free-to-play games coming to the PlayStation 4.
PlanetSide 2 and DC Universe Online have both been confirmed for the PlayStation 4,
although I'm not surprised because it's Sony Online, so you know.
Those are Sony Online games.
But somewhere I hear Brad from PodCulture squeeing about the DC Universe Online.
Just call it a hunch.
Yeah.
If his internet's back up.
So, those will both be coming out.
And also, Warframe is going to be coming as well as a free-to-play title.
And, yeah.
So, I guess we're going to see a lot of free-to-play games on PlayStation 4, so that could be good or bad.
I don't know.
Free-to-play is not...
I like that business model, so we'll see.
You like free?
I like free, yeah.
It's awesome.
Do you think there will be a lot of free games on Xbox One?
I think there's got to be some.
That's the world we live in now.
I'm just wondering if there's going to be any MMOs on Xbox One,
because remember, there wasn't really much on, you know, the Xbox 360,
aside from Final Fantasy.
And I guess, you know, there's some pay-to-play MMOs, you know, like the Defiance and stuff,
but none like actual traditional MMOs beyond Final Fantasy XI.
Don't know.
So, it'll be interesting.
And last but not least, new Harmonix title was announced last week,
and that was Fantasia Music Evolved.
And I saw the trailer, and I'm like, that has very little to do with Fantasia.
Here's the thing.
I love Harmonix. I love Disney.
Do we get Elephants and Tutus?
Maybe, actually. I love Harmonix. I love Disney. I hate Bruno Mars.
Why was that in the trailer?
But, but, but.
Why?
But, they're going to have pop music.
They're also going to have-
That's not Fantasia.
But they're also going to have the classical music as well.
And Bohemian Rhapsody is going to be in it.
Anything with Queen is instantly better, yeah.
Queen is one of the artists, you know, confirmed.
Instant fantasticness. Just add Freddie Mercury.
Here's the tracks announced so far.
Does it make him a Disney Queen?
So, Bohemian Rhapsody, Kimbra Settle Down.
I don't know what that is.
Have you-
Fun Some Nights.
Hold on. Just in case Dark Soccer hadn't seen this yet,
I'm playing this in studio, the little teaser trailer for this.
Let me skip ahead a little bit.
So, basically, it's Sorcerer Mickey mode.
Yeah, it's like your, like, Sorcerer Mickey,
but it doesn't really, like, tell you what the game is.
Like, where's the game here?
I'm left to think it's Rhythm Party.
It, yeah. It looks like Rhythm Party.
Which I said Rhythm Party should have just been a retail release
with all the tracks, but whatever.
You know what? I don't care, because I don't really like connect games.
The thing that's kind of unique, I guess, about it, supposedly,
is you can control, like, the tempo of the song,
and, like, it changes depending on, like, stuff you do, I guess.
So that's gonna be kind of neat.
One of the tracks in there, was it AVI-
What was it?
Black Wolf in chat says,
Game trailers actually showed gameplay.
It's Elite Beat agents connect.
Oh, so it's Rhythm Party.
Like I said.
And you see this face that no one in the chat room can see?
This is my no one curface.
I'm willing to give it a shot just because I really love harmonics,
and they always put out quality.
I love harmonics, but I hate connect games.
Fair.
And Levels is also one of the songs in there,
which, if I remember correctly, I think that's-
Let's see here.
If I wanted to get up and dance, I'd take a Zumba class.
Oh, yeah. Actually, I do like Levels.
Levels is awesome because that was one of the songs that was in Forza Horizon,
one of my favorite ones on the dubstep thing.
So I'm digging it.
You know, I think it'd be kind of cool.
Harmonics, can't go wrong with them, so.
Bobby gave me a link to this, and I hadn't seen it.
So, where's the actual gameplay?
I just hear a dude talking.
Let's see gameplay.
Is that Under the Sea?
Down where it's wetter.
Under the sea.
Oh, see, there it is.
I guess.
Okay, so this is not Rhythm Party.
Huh.
Alright.
It's like-
Curious.
Put out a demo.
It seems like a game that-
I want a new Para Para Paradise, then I would play my Kinect.
You know what?
You know what they really needed to have?
Is they need to have Q games and fucking Harmonics come together
and do a new Child of Eden type of game,
because Child of Eden was fucking awesome.
It was pretty good.
ClericalEra404 in our chat quickly wants to know,
DarkSakura, why do you hate Kinect games?
Because usually they show you what you're doing
and I don't like to watch myself.
Uh, you can sometimes turn camera off.
Yeah, if I can turn the camera off, I have no problem with it.
Oh, I would have just thought you just don't like the whole flailing around.
That's just-
Well, I don't mind flailing around as long as nobody else is over.
I mean-
I was gonna say, to be fair, the original Kinect game's
not exactly very accurate a lot of times.
Yeah, that was that too.
I mean, the only fun I've ever had playing a Kinect game
was doing Para Para on Dance Masters,
which is why that's still the only Kinect game I will play.
Alright, let me move on with some other news.
Maybe DarkSakura instead would rather play Injustice.
I know she loves DC Universe, but-
Do I like DC Universe?
No, but apparently Injustice is pretty good.
Somebody said Injustice is the best thing going on in DC Universe right now.
It was a freaking stupid looking game.
Well, there's Mortal Kombat crossover coming to Injustice,
which I'm sure will surprise nobody.
Scorpion will be the next playable character in Injustice Gods Among Us DLC,
400 Microsoft points or $5, but none for Wii U buy.
Why?
Why not?
Why not? Because they have a whole bunch of other DC superheroes
that they could put in the game.
Scorpion's a superhero.
No, he's not. Now he's like fucking-
I'm just trolling.
It's like, oh hey, it's Scorpion, but I can't do any of my bloody moves
because it's fucking teen rated.
That's what happened with the whole Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe.
Oh, sorry, I can't behead Batman because it's fucking teen rated.
I don't know, whatever. It sounds lame.
I honestly did not find the game fun. The end.
Also, information on the new Voice of Snake,
because a certain co-host of mine didn't ruin this earlier in the show,
but Kiefer Sutherland confirmed as the voice of Snake in Metal Gear Solid 5,
not David Hayter.
Now, I think this was just like buzz earlier.
We didn't have confirmation, but now that it's in the trailer,
because the Konami whole thing,
which we haven't even brought up in the show yet,
but Konami had their whole little movie thing come up,
and this was part of it.
Yeah.
So, that's that.
So, that to me sounds like the whole situation where, you know,
it's the How I Met Your Mother situation where you have,
you know, Bob Saget as the narrator.
He's supposed to be the father.
But yeah, his voice isn't obviously going to change, you know,
over the default Ted Mosley voice that, you know, the characters.
So, it's just different.
All right.
And I wonder if we'll ever get a movie,
if we'll have, you know, Kiefer Sutherland playing Snake.
EA, hopefully giving some final clarity to some of the shady things
they've said about the Wii U in the past,
courtesy of EA president Frank Gebaux.
Now, I'm going to admit,
I think we brought up something similar to this last week,
but this is coming from EA president of labels.
This is somebody else.
Quote, we have a good partnership with Nintendo.
We released four games on the platform over the last year.
We're pretty proud of Need for Speed and Madden and FIFA and Mass Effect.
We have guys that are looking at the Wii U and the studio system right now
as an opportunity to the future,
but we have no publicly announced Wii U games that we're going to release this fall.
That does leave the door open to say something at E3, but don't hold your breath.
No, they have nothing coming.
Don't hold your breath.
There's nothing.
We're really excited about the Xbox One and the PlayStation 4,
and that's a pretty big endeavor in and of itself.
I wonder why.
We have four titles out on the Wii U that are active right now,
so looking at how things unfold, that's where our focus is right now.
Gen 3 is an awesome platform.
It has a huge audience, it has a lot of capability,
and we're going to continue to publish games on Gen 3
for as long as there is an audience there.
We have a tendency as a company to support the last gen platforms for many, many years.
I can tell you we have products planned for next year, the year after that,
and the year after that for Gen 3 for sure.
Well, yeah, because they keep pumping out Madden sequels and stuff like that
on PlayStation 2 and Xbox up to way past the console's life cycles and stuff,
but it doesn't necessarily mean you're going to see big games on there.
The honest, blunt way I could say this is that third-party games
aren't really what a lot of people go to Nintendo for anyway.
I mean, they'll help, of course.
I mean, certainly the Sega partnership with Sonic, which is so weird.
It's not weird.
No, I mean, to the nine-year-old gamer in me when it was Nintendo versus Sega,
that is still something I have to be used to.
They've done this the last few years with Sonic Colors.
They've had a bunch of exclusive Sonic games on the Wii,
and they haven't been that great.
It's not that weird, but anyway.
But it'll have Mario Kart, it'll have Zelda,
and there's going to be a lot of people here for that.
So, Dark Soccer.
I'm sorry, I was just getting out my DC hate out of my system.
Can't we all just get along?
No, Marvel all the way.
Hey, listen, if it's any consolation, Deadpool comes out in a couple weeks anyway.
I know! I'm so happy.
So happy.
So happy. Anyway.
Well, how about some other really quick news, okay?
Diablo 3.
We've seen an announcement before that it's going to be on the PS3 and PS4.
They are also bringing it out on Xbox 360,
but have no plans to bring it out for any other system.
Which is a polite fuck you to Xbone.
As I'm still going to call it forever.
Honestly, a lot of us have been playing it on PC already, so who cares?
And then, this makes me really happy.
Is that Hatsune Miku Project Diva F is going to be coming out in North America in August,
and I'm gonna get it.
There's a demo on June 11th.
And I'm so excited because I love the Project Diva games.
And then, last but not least, Metal Gear Rising Revengeance.
If anyone likes stories about Raiden, well, you get to play more Raiden
because it's going to be on PC.
The end.
They're also bringing, I think, the original Lords of Shadows to PC as well,
so that would be interesting.
Alright, let's go to the FUGL Question of the Week.
Every week, we ask a question of our Facebook and Google communities.
You put it together and it's FUGL.
We had a fun idea for this week because, you know, E3 really kicks off tomorrow.
The show floor doesn't open until Tuesday, but there's a shit ton of press conferences tomorrow.
And so, everybody's going to be talking about this tomorrow.
So, we thought we would go to Facebook and Google and ask,
it's that time of year to ask everyone, what's your E3 predictions?
However, we at OLR, we like to do things a little differently and maybe a little bit silly.
So, we only want your E3 predictions in a haiku format.
That would be five, seven, five, remember?
Guess, OLR me, what will occur at E3?
Games of win or fail?
That was my haiku to the listeners.
Loki, you look so impressed.
All right, here we go. Some haikus.
The Dark Sakura, I want you to count the syllables and tell me who failed.
For the record, Rob?
There are some fails in here.
For the record, Rob?
The plural of haiku is haiku.
Haikuzis.
The haikuza.
Let's go to the haikuza.
Haikuzersies.
You know what? Bite me.
Haikugaggle. All right.
And all in good fun about those of you that failed, by the way.
Edgar R. says, Call of Duty Ghost, Dogs of War, X-Bone exclusive.
I think Dogs of War, that's wrong.
That's not a haiku, you lose.
You lose.
It's also already confirmed as an exclusive to the Xbox One.
All right. I appreciate the effort.
Porkchop, since this entry.
I don't really mind as long as they don't release more shit EA games.
Bravo.
Tiara.
All I really care is about, excuse me, I fucked that up, sorry.
All I really care about is Dragon Age 3.
I love BioWare.
No, she loves Anders.
She loves her pounce a lot.
So she gets a fail for lying.
No.
All right.
Honestly, that's about...
She named her cats her pounce a lot.
All right. This is from Mason D.
Want more Pokemon?
Pokemon versus for Wii U.
Pokemon get hype.
With a big white smiley face underneath that, no less.
Blood Drunk submits the following.
That's a great name.
Blood Drunk.
I don't know if Blood Drunk is a newer listener,
but I've noticed his name on the VoG leaderboard.
So he is a big participant.
So a win to you no matter how good or bad your haiku is.
Here we go. From Blood Drunk.
Connect watches you fap.
I think that's six syllables.
Connect watches you fap.
Six syllables. That's all right. We still like his name.
Connect watches you fap.
LOL PS4 DRM.
Nintendo shows games.
All right.
Not quite a haiku, but hey.
Close enough.
It's a haiku-ga.
It's a haiku-ger.
Degenerate Johnny submits the following.
Predicting prices.
Xbox. Five bills.
Four with subs.
Sony 450.
Good way to put your predictions in.
I think he might be high balling it a little bit,
but we'll see.
Haseo Sumeruagawa submits the following.
Xbox One fucks up.
Nintendo might steal the show.
PS4 ooh pretty.
That was six syllables.
That's all right.
Liam C submits the following.
The Last Guardian.
A brand new Uncharted game.
Connect flops badly.
Good.
Code Man says,
What will E3 bring?
Nintendo surprise maybe?
Will has sports.
One just got sent to me, which I have to read.
Okay. From who?
From clerical error 404.
Sony has less trust.
Nintendo rules us all.
But it all ends well.
We'll see.
We'll see. All right.
E to the three.
That's four syllables.
You lose.
No, why can't people count?
E to the three.
Oh, they didn't.
Oh, they done screwed up.
He could do E fucking 3-0.
All right.
Captain Spike.
Here's Captain Spike's submission.
Yay, Spike. We love Spike.
He's full of win no matter if his haiku is fail or not.
Here it is.
Nintendo no show.
Sony and MS hate us all.
The worst E3 ever.
Worst E3 ever.
I love Spike.
Here's Hitstun.
Next gen consoles?
Meh. Nothing PS3
can't do.
Game of Show? DuckTales.
Ooh.
That's a good one. That's my favorite one so far, I think.
Did you watch the last trailer
they put out?
It's the side-by-side.
Oh, no, I didn't see that one.
They did one comparing the old DuckTales to the new one.
Somebody on Tumblr posted it
a while back. I'll see if I can't find it
but it was pretty neat.
Alright, here's SSJ100 Matt Sentry.
Anticipation.
Elated disappointment.
Gamers are winners.
Wouldn't that be losers
if we're disappointed, though?
And I got excited because when he said anticipation
it made me think, oh, maybe that's the Rare franchise
they're bringing back. Because y'all know
I could give two fucks about Killer Instinct
or Banjo-Kazooie
when Rare could remake Anticipation.
Just saying.
You know you want to play as the ice cream cone again
bouncing around the board.
I want ice cream right now.
This is from Steven M.
What about another cameo?
Hell no. Alright, Steven M says
like, I had to think about what the fuck game
is he talking about? Oh, god.
Alright, Steven M.
Must be online Xbox.
Wii U will die.
We finally get Last Guardian.
I think you did 557.
Andy R.
Especially since you
gave them how to do a haiku.
I put right there, as a
reminder, a haiku is 575.
We can't read.
What's the syllable?
We love our listeners.
We're just giving you shit.
I give everybody shit.
We just want to educate you all this week on haikuses.
Yeah, study some damn literature.
Fuck.
Was that a haiku?
No, not quite.
Alright, Andy R.
I'll make one though if you like.
You think of one while I read the rest of these.
Alright, Andy R says
I don't really know.
A giant enemy crab?
Ridge Racer 2.
Ridge Racer 2 is
four syllables.
Andy, you're killing me.
That would have been great for 2006.
Alright, lots of answers
on Google Plus. We have five
answers on Google Plus. I didn't even know there were
that many people using it.
Oh, come on, come on.
ActDeaf says what I want this year
is to see really good games
and vog to hit big.
Somebody kissing a little
vog behind in that response.
Love it. Thank you, ActDeaf.
Flaco Jones says
Xbox and Sony, their DRM
kills gaming. What's a Nintendo?
Okay, I got one.
Let me make sure I have it right.
We'll do yours last.
Forget it.
Go. Use the internet.
There are haiku examples.
There are haiku examples.
Okay.
Really use Google.
Okay.
Fuck. Alright, Technus
says
use some fucking Google.
Alright.
Technus says people still complain.
Rare shows next gen battle
toads. Why you still hating?
You never
know. Retertainment
says, oh, it's a double haiku.
Ooh. Retertainment's always
got to fucking show everybody up. Alright.
Here we go. That's okay. I love it. Alright. Retertainment
says gamers hate everything.
Everything will receive
scorn. Twitter will explode.
Good one. Gamers will
not see a wanted not
seen project. The Last Guardian.
We got it.
Since he did two, we got another one from
clerical error. Alright. Let me read this last one
from Google Plus. From Travis H.
Sony is epic. Xbone
will be eaten up. Long live
PlayStation.
We'll see how that press conference goes.
I'm approaching it with cautious optimism
Travis. Cautious optimism.
Alright. Last but not least.
Nintendo has props, but Sony has
some issues. I guess we should wait.
That one was good.
YYR in chat.
Can't you people
count? You have offended Jamie.
Study some damn books.
You win the internet
YYR. Xbox One console.
TV, TV, TV, sports.
What's wrong? Deal with it.
That's good.
Did you do that one by yourself? I just did that one. I love it.
I love it.
After I posted the question. Use that Mensa thing for something.
There you go.
Jamie came to me tonight.
She said you should make every week be
a haiku.
Alright.
Alright. And SSJ100
Matt bringing some clarity.
Anticipation because gamers are anticipating
a lot for E3. Elated disappointment
because people will be either happy or disappointed.
Gamers are winners because no matter what
gamers win because we have all these
new games to play.
Okay. Okay. Alright.
Anyhow, I know we gave some of you a bad time, but
that was a really fun topic. So thank you everybody for
trying. I love you YYR.
Alright.
Do I need to give you two a moment?
No. I don't love you in that way.
Alright.
Just a few more stories and then list list tonight.
But first, Loki.
Alright. Code Manner's reminding me that
I need to play more Borderlands 2.
Because I haven't touched it on PC yet.
Even though I finished the game
three times on 360.
So yes, unfortunately
there was some massive lay-offs
at Zynga. Also
including the closure
of OMG Pop.
And
so they closed the office there.
Also they closed
the Zynga office
in Los Angeles,
Dallas, and New York.
And I know there was lay-offs I think
in all of their offices. I think about
five hundred and
like
five twenty or five forty
or something like that.
People were laid off.
Actually I was reaching out to one of my friends
who is a concept artist
over at Zynga
in San Francisco. I think she's pretty high up
though.
I don't think she's affected by it.
Yeah, that kind of sucks.
And of course a lot of
horror stories coming out about
how things were run and stuff like that.
And how they were talking about
the terms they use
for cloning things. Like
taking games like Tiny Tower
and turning them into Dream Heights or whatever.
I don't know. It's kind of sick to me.
So maybe this is the beginning
of the end. This is surely
not too good for them.
Well, I mean I don't
like to poke fun or tease
or you know
celebrate layoffs. Especially
like Loki says. He has
friends that are at Zynga and so forth.
We always knew Zynga had a really
questionable business model. And I think
people bought into
that way too fast. And Zynga
expanded way too fast over
Farmville. And I think it just goes to show
Farmville was kind of a one hit wonder.
I hate to say.
Some would argue with me that there were other Facebook
games and blah, blah, blah.
Well, it's like this. When the news came out about them
copying games. I mean that was just
shitty. Aha had good albums
and good music. But the only
song anyone ever cared about
was Take On Me. That is
quite possibly the best possible comparison
somebody could have made in this scenario. Because
remember I had that thing of Dan
singing the lyrics to the
synth part with one hit wonder
instead of the...
By the way before I get to the next news story
I just got a text message. And I'll let you
guess where this is from Dark Soccer. Are you ready?
Alright here's the text message
I just got. Haiku game
is weak. Sometimes we
just can't even. DarkSakura
mad. Girl.
It's from Allen. I know.
I thought that was
good. Alright. Let's see
going into some
news about the Ouya.
And some more games coming to the Ouya.
Specifically Sonic the Hedgehog 4 and
Sonic CD. I'm not surprised.
They're going to be coming to the Ouya.
You can side load those right now and
they work just fine.
So why not try to make some money off of it right?
Exactly. I got a Moga
version. I got my controller free of Sonic CD
that plays just fine. Well I mean still
though it's Sega support for the Ouya so that's
kind of cool. How about some Phantasy Star online?
Alright. Maybe that's wishful thinking.
They're coming out on June 27th in the
Ouya store. $7 each. This is Sonic
the Hedgehog 4 episode 1
episode 2 and Sonic CD.
No idea if the Ouya version will
include fun for Sonic the Hedgehog 4.
Because unfortunately that was missing in the
earlier versions. Anybody?
Alright.
The Ouya ports they say are optimized
for the console's Tegra 3
processor and free trial
versions will be available.
Sega of America director of mobile business
David Zemke, interesting where this is coming
from, was praising Ouya's
quote disruptive technology and
quote they want to see what these technologies
can do and be a part of it from the beginning.
We're always looking for
other titles and there may be some future titles
that we'd like to bring over. For us
we're always trying to bring the best
gaming experience to the right platforms.
It's a delicate mix of how
and when to do it.
Hmm. That's right after the launch
of the Ouya by the way which is June 25th.
The day before my birthday y'all.
Just saying. Alright.
Anyhow.
Dark
Sakura, one more story and then we'll get into list list tonight.
Sorry we were just having a discussion about
Turian Smut.
Of course. No not really.
Something from
Double Fine, the game Massive
Chalice that
basically as they were
saying that there was going to be
a gay relationship in the game that
had been taken out and
now the project leader feels shitty because
people on Kickstarter say no we want it.
So he's putting it in.
I guess it had been the intention
but it just sort of was taken out.
And so now they are putting everything
back in and making sure that
the people paying for it get what they want.
So it's already passed
it's $725,000
goal. It's at
$857,569
and it has 20 days to go until
the deadline.
Nope. Less than that now.
18 days? Yeah.
Hmm. As of today.
Interesting.
All that from feedback.
That's what you want. We're putting it back in.
That's kind of cool though because that makes it seem like
Kickstarter really is a place for
not to say
they're investors or whatever because
Kickstarter is the backing or whatever but that they get a
say that these people really had a say.
Well yeah. I mean if you look
at it this way it is probably the
best type of board meeting you can ever
expect because you've got
real time feedback going in.
Alright. So I think it's good.
Something that you would consider backing or a game
that you might think you're going to buy or?
I told you what I'm waiting for for my first
my first backing.
No. What? Well unless he's
already put it up I'm waiting for
the
understanding video games.
I don't remember. Can you refresh
my memory about this? The seg stewing?
Oh! Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
There was
another name it was though.
But yeah he hasn't put it up yet.
I'm going to give my
Kickstarter cherry to seg.
Love, love, love, love.
That's a fair place to
give your Kickstarter cherry.
Alright.
I'm trying to get this
well we're going to do Listless now
except I'm having a little problem with the
connection.
Let's see if we can get it there.
We're going to call an old friend of ours here at Orange
Lounge Radio to help us out with Listless tonight
and hopefully the internet will hold up.
But I think we're connected now. Are you there
old friend? Hello. Hey
Bobby Blackwolf how you doing?
I'm doing good. Rob called you old.
Shouldn't he be like old chum?
Yes. Oh I'm not Adam
West in Batman okay. How you
doing Bobby? I'm doing good. I've been
playing Animal Crossing since I got off the
air. Finally have time to get into that huh? What do you think
so far? It's Animal Crossing.
I'm very sad
because everybody else has this and I don't even
have a 3DS so whatever.
No because
I don't have a job so we're not buying
one. You have to have a J-O-B
to have a 3DS.
You're going to need to get on MTurk.
I've even already been in someone else's town
so my fruit collection is growing.
Wow. Nice I need to go open my
gates. But anyhow I wanted
to make sure you had a chance. You know
our Listless topic tonight is about E3
and we're going to get into that in a minute. But I
wanted a chance for the listeners to hear
from you because you've worked
you know in case our listeners
don't know you've worked very hard on the
voice of geeks network. The whole thing is really
done from the ground up. I mean
yeah the template was
something we bought but even
Dark Sakura heavily modified that template graphically.
You have done a lot of programming
for the whole VoG game and everything
that you announced with E3.Vognetwork.com
right? Right
and I mean yeah the website I mean
PHPBB is the forum software and that
handles like the user registration
and that's it. Everything else
started with a blank
file. For any
Unix geeks out there I wrote it all in VI
so and
you know if you don't know what VI is that's
fine but if you do know what VI is
you kind of know what that means
that's like a more hardcore notepad.
Yeah I could never use VI
I was always about was it Pico or Pine?
One was the email. I used Pico.
Pine was the mail.
Yeah one was email and one was
shows you my knowledge of Unix I
haven't used it in a while but
you coded away in VI this new
E3.Vognetwork.com what
are you hoping comes of this?
I don't know
this is me saying
this is an idea I have
I wonder if it'll work and in the past
I've had these ideas and they didn't work and
then two years later everybody's doing them
so we'll see if this is another one of
those. We'll see so be sure to check
it out guys if you haven't seen it yet
vognetwork.com especially those
of you listening on the podcast
everything will open up on Monday night for
the question and answer but tonight live
you can at least watch the video
and learn everything you're going to need to know
for when everything goes live
with the question asking.
I've already been given the blacklist
against asking anything about Hello Kitty
games so I'm not going to do that.
Fair enough.
Alright so
you're leaving for E3 tomorrow right?
Correct tomorrow morning.
What's your very first appointment?
Um
Bethesda I think
Yeah I think it's Bethesda
it's at 2 o'clock that way I can get there
and see things from noon to 2
and kind of get my way to land but I think
Bethesda at 2.
I know we're about to get into the list list here about
thing I most want to happen at E3 2013
but seriously off the record
what are you personally looking forward
to getting your hands on yourself and checking out?
Um
this is my standard answer
and everybody calls it a cop out but I don't care.
Oh no I know what you're going to say and I think it's a great answer.
It's the game I
haven't heard of yet
and it's always been that like it was
you know Scribblenauts
is usually you know the
thing I go back to. Nobody
had heard of Scribblenauts I never heard of it
and it was in the back corner of
one of the halls because Warner Brothers
had like their booth kind of near a wall
and they had this on the side
facing that back wall
and I went and saw it
at the very end it was the last thing I
saw on Thursday because somebody else said
there's a game called Scribblenauts you should go check it out
and it's hidden in the back corner and that was my game of show
which pissed off
people because you know I should be giving it to a
graphically good game and not a DS title
at the time and so it's
finding those gems
you know like that's how
I found Katamari Damacy
which is the same kind of thing
so it's the game I haven't heard of yet
I think that is a fantastic answer
and I look forward to hearing what that game is
when I come see you in person on Thursday
at least they'll let me see the Ouya booth
alright yeah you're going to get to do
the Ouya booth because I don't you know
I'm probably not going to get to go in there
because I don't want to leave the show floors
that's fine unless they like keep it open
later and then I'll pop in
that's all you dude I'll do the b-roll
alright anyway
all seriousness though we are going to play
Listless here but there's one other reason
I have you here tonight and there's been
a theme here at VOG Network the past couple weeks
and that is that the game is always changing
and the game is changing again
tonight isn't it Bobby
that's right what is new what did you do
for us this week
I hope you're logged into the site
everybody because you no longer
have to learn how to private message
Rob to play Listless
if you've ever done any of the live
polls here on VOG
then you kind of
know where to look
that's where you're going to want to look
so with that it's time to start
some Listless
as a reminder for everybody
the way Listless works is that
we are going to give
three answers each host
and our special guest Bobby Blackwolf three answers
that we believe best meet the
criteria of the list and tonight's
topic thing I most want to happen
at E3 2013
and once everything is up on the list
then we will go around and this is what has
to happen we have to strike the items that are
not worthy of the list it's a very
difficult painful process
but it must be done remember there is
a new rule that is still in play however
and that is that when a host has two
items eliminated from the list the third
gets immunity so a person's list
cannot be completely decimated
alright here it is the topic thing
I most want to happen at
E3 2013
let's put it up on the board
at live.vognetwork.com
for those of you that are logged in right
now you will start to see the board
and our answers as we
fill it in hopefully right
Bobby that's also part of the reason you're on the line
yes alright I made
it live what's that
I'm keeping a watch on it oh there it is
it just popped up I see it on my screen
alright here it is the thing I most want to happen
at E3 2013
so Bobby you're our guest
why don't you start us off tonight what is the number three thing
you most want to see happen
at E3 2013
so I'm going to go kind of with an easy
answer at first because I'm still having trouble
figuring out number one and number two so chat help me out
oh yeah if you
have an answer you want to submit for inclusion on the list
shout them out live.vognetwork.com
but I'm
going to say the easy answer
a new F-Zero
you know
I think that's a very
good safe answer
and I think that is one that can't possibly
get eliminated no matter what happens
of course that's always famous last words
yeah thanks for doing that answer
alright let's put it up on the board
Bobby locks in a new F-Zero
alright Dark Sakura
what is the number three thing that you want to see happen
at E3 2013
like it's probably it won't happen
but I would love to have Sega announce
that they're back in the console business
it won't happen
but it's what I want
right Sega
is back in the console business
let's put it up on the board Dreamcast 2
they should call it the
Sega Utopia
the Sega Utopia okay
my turn for a number three answer
I'm going to say
I'm going to have
to figure out how to fit this in the board but
my number three answer is
the Microsoft server crashes
at the show causing all the
Xbox ones to stop playing games
after Wednesday
because you know every 24 hours
it's got to check in right
so the Microsoft
server crashes for 24 hours
I guess that's how I'll shorten it
alright putting that up on the board right now
boy Bobby would be very sad
Bobby wouldn't you be sad if like
you didn't get to play an Xbox one and then
all of a sudden the servers crash for 24 hours
but then I'd laugh
alright Loki
your number three answer
just because I want to get this out of the way
Microsoft
and Sony go back on their plans
for DRM it's days
the way it is now
I love how you threw in
and Sony when we don't really know you
oh we know
let's be honest
no one's keying themselves
alright fair enough let's put that up on the board
Loki says MS and Sony go back
on their DRM plans
alright Bobby we're to you for your number two
answer tonight for listless
thing you most want to see happen at E3 2013
I want to see E3
announce that Kensha Hall
will be returning next year
dammit you stole mine
oh really
you had that on your list uh oh
these things happen you better check the chat room
Bobby just threw that up on the board E3 announces the return
of Kensha Hall
and maybe a new ex tango
that goes with that I don't know
we'll see alright Dark Sakura
what's your number two answer
Sony uses Final Fantasy
7 to display an engine without
a release of Final Fantasy 7 remake
so
so basically they're gonna repeat what they did with
uh uh PlayStation 3
and show a Final Fantasy tech demo that never happens
Final Fantasy tech demo that never results in a game
that'd be awesome
if it was a new Final Fantasy engine
hey
yeah it looks like Advent Children
nope never gonna get it alright I'm gonna put this
up on the board Final Fantasy 7 PS4
tech demo that never is a real game
yes I think that should fit within the
confines of our shiny new board
live.vognetwork.com
again if you are listening live on this Sunday night
be ready to participate cause you're gonna vote through
the site as well live.vognetwork.com
I mean granted if Final Fantasy 7
was remade yeah I'd play it
but let's be realistic
alright uh
my turn my number two answer
Nintendo announces their
plan to win the new
generation of gaming by adding
porn to Miiverse
why not the Miiverse porn channel
we call it MiPorn
no it's WeWeverse
come on
that's how you win the console wars
alright I'm gonna throw that up on the board
porn to Miiverse alright Loki
your number two answer
Super Mario RPG 2
that'll never fucking happen Loki
why though
that's such a fantastic game
and I'm sorry I understand that there are
the Paper Mario games and granted Super Paper Mario
was actually a pretty fun game it was actually one of the
games I liked the most on the Wii
but I would just like it as a sequel
you know Square Enix come on that would
be awesome alright we'll throw
that up on the board alright it's time for the
number one answers let's go around and collect
them for thing you most want to see happen
at E3 2013
Bobby Blackwolf our guest
so picture this
somehow
does some kind of event
goes on their own
stage press conference
everybody's in there
Gabe Newell walks out on stage
Half Life 3 available
right now drops the mic and walks
off stage
that would win
E3
I'm typing that up as Half Life 3
announcement followed by mic drop
sound fair
release
follow mic drop excuse me
well let me change an answer I think
it will alright Half Life I didn't hit save
so Half Life 3 released followed by
mic drop I think that's a great answer is Alan
still listening he'll love that answer alright
Bobby locks that in on the board
I think that's a great answer Dark Sakura
what's your number one answer
well
everyone saw this coming the new
Mass Effect announced
with good writing
new Mass Effect announced
but with good writing
there it is it's up on the board and I totally know
what chance are Bobby's going to strike
you know what if Bobby touches it
I will get nevermind
I won't even say it
you leave my Mass Effect alone
my it's a scientific
process Dark Sakura alright my number
one answer at least take faith in
this Dark Sakura I think you will be okay with this
as a backup I know you will because
my answer is Bobby doesn't get rid of it too
he might my answer is
the Guardian Legend 2
on Wii U
technically there was a Guardian Legend 2
it's the one that we got in the US
shut up that was Guardic 2 you shut up
okay fine
preferably WayForward would somehow
be involved because they're really good at retro
said Garris gets his own game
that'd be like that would be like
a Silent Scope Turian
edition
alright last but not least
Loki one spot left on the board
what are you going to put in the list tonight
Grand Theft Auto or Saints Row
Online
an MMO for a
sandbox game yeah I know
I guess we already have
what was that
I think that one game they have a free to play
MMO right now they're sort of like Sains Row
ATB or whatever yeah ATB but it's not
that good it's not that same
a GTA or Sains Row
MMO there it is let's
recap before we get to the very difficult
part a new F-Zero
Sega is back in the console
business Microsoft server crashes
for 24 hours Microsoft and Sony
go back on their DRM plans
E3 announces the return of Kensha Hall
Final Fantasy 7 Playstation 4
tech demo that it never is a real game
Porn to Miiverse, Super Mario
RPG 2, Half Life 3
released followed by a mic drop
new Mass Effect announced but with good writing
The Guardian Legend 2 on
Wii U and Grand Theft Auto
or Saints Row MMO
that's a lot of answers
tonight so unfortunately it's
getting crowded up here so unfortunately it's
time to ask which of these is not
worthy of the list
Bobby Black Wolf I know you don't want to do it
but you're going to have to make one of us mad by eliminating
something off the list what's it going to be
Porn to Miiverse
Bobby you're
killing me why are you getting rid of porn
though
because
because the Wii U is
a wholesome system
think of the children
it has been stricken from the list
Porn to Miiverse is gone
alright who's
next Dark Sakura
there's the various answers which
one of these is not worthy of
the list
tough one
there's a lot of good answers up here
yeah there are
I'm
probably going to have to axe
the
Microsoft and Sony going back because
I don't think Microsoft is
going to
eliminating it because you're just like it's not happening
and we still don't know
what Sony's going to say you might want it
it's all speculation but you just alright
it has been stricken from the list
as sad as that is going to make some of you but I
understand alright my turn to strike
something from the list oh gosh
these are all actually really good
I don't know
I hate to do this
Loki but I'm removing Super Mario
RPG 2 before you get mad
at me people it's
the same reason Dark Sakura got rid of hers
it's not fucking happening so
let's not even get our hopes up
so Super Mario
RPG 2 I'm sorry but it has been removed
from the list but the good news is
GTA or Saints Row MMO gets immunity
going into the final removal which is yours
Loki well that's fantastic news
and since it's not really going to happen either
new Mass Effect announcement
because there's just not good writing in that series
hey if they got the first
game writing team it would be good
oh I'm sorry to say that it
has been stricken from the list
sorry Dark Sakura
I guess while we're talking about things that
will never happen
alright there it is
it is now your turn
to vote for your number one and
your number two answer did EA pay you off
but guys no
longer do you send your
answers to me over private message
now there's a little button on the site that says
your turn select your first
and second choices now it just popped up there in the
corner and when you click answer you will be able
to answer right now and
we will get the answers tabulated
what you do first you click on the
answers and your first answer
and your second answer and then you click the answer
button oh I'm sorry I'm sorry run
through that one more time Bobby because I'm a little slow
so you'll click on one of my answers
and you'll see it say one
and then you'll click on one of my other answers and you'll see it say
two and then you click answer
so click on answer one and then
answer two and then click answer
alright what if they screw up don't have
five right
well once you click answer
it's done like it's in
but if you decided oh I didn't want that to be
my number one you can click on it
again and it takes it away
good to know alright there it is
so Bobby amazing work
on the site I loved watching that all pop up as we
were going and I bet you're breathing a sigh of relief
seeing it actually work right
yes awesome
well I'll let you know if the votes come in here oh there they
go they're coming in oh nice oh it even
tabulates it for me
Bobby I love it you're welcome
you the man Bobby
a coding god alright well
Bobby any other plugs like maybe
for your show or something you want to get out here before I let you go
no
e3.vognetwork.com
alright sounds good now how do I
end this poll when it's done do we just uncheck
answerable and that uncheck live
uncheck live and that gets rid of it okay
yeah I actually see a bug on this
too oh really
oh yeah you know it's the score yeah
what's happening is the scoring wrong
well you notice how like
it's
that's weird what is weird I know why
it's doing it what's wrong
oh it's not sorting it that's not a big deal
well it is sorting it but not
sorting it by the first number and not
the entire number
oh I get it it's sorting it
as a string instead of an integer
that's coding terms
oh I see what it's doing we can still
count them yeah I can count Bobby believe
it or not alright your
last chance to vote live.vognetwork.com
do I uncheck answerable as well
or leave that no because then you won't see the live
answers oh that would be bad okay
you keep it answerable you uncheck live alright
sounds good alright we'll let you know the results shortly
but we want to give a few more moments for everybody to vote
once again e3.vognetwork.com
thank you for playing listless with us tonight and kicking
off the new generation of listless appreciate
it thank you so much guys alright
take care Bobby and I like how you get points though for it too
don't give that away
yeah you do get points for a part 2 hey wait a minute
Loki you're not supposed to vote
hey I didn't see that in the rules
alright if you're gonna vote then I'm gonna vote
that's just how it's gonna be cause I want my
vog points too fine
alright
I was just beta testing
okay okay
alright we'll let you know the results here shortly
again you can vote for about 5 more
minutes at live.vognetwork.com
in tonight's listless
let's go to the
mailbag I guess now is a good time for us to
do we gotta
what you don't like to hear from the listeners
yes
mailbag at orange lounge radio.com
is the place to send us emails dark soccer
is gonna dive in head first and
find some emails that she thinks are
worthy of reading on the show tonight
first email
it's also subject line is
now they've done it
I looked up hubris the other day to make sure it meant
what I thought it did Microsoft definitely
has an overabundance of hubris
they revealed Xbox
one and the consumers on the internet
made assumptions then Microsoft denied
the rumors but last Thursday confirmed all
the rumors to be true and the
consumers are not happy see major Nelson's
blog comments to see the shit storm
the xbox one seems to be defying
the consumers
I'm sorry the consumers who use the internet
oh wait those are the target demographic
it's really stupid business wise
to ignore your customer base and punish them
in the process I hope they change
and that comes from Rababa
agreed
I'm gonna apologize can you summarize that for me cause Alan
just got home and I was talking to him
um basically Microsoft denying the rumors then
confirming the rumors and a big shit storm
yeah what's up with that they totally did
say no it's but then they were also
saying like at one point what like
it was gonna be $60 for the license
or something I don't
sometimes the left hand isn't talking to the right hand is it
well and I'll repeat this line
it's really stupid business wise to ignore your
customer base and punish them in the process
so that was from Rababa
well thank you Rababa
very very good points and the last
demo cause we only had two
unless you want me to read all of the Russian porn
and the French porn and god are we
still getting those no well you
took care of all of those but well apparently we're not
getting me verse porn thanks to Bobby
really of course you get Russian porn
I get all sorts of like
porn emails I'm like I don't know why
I don't sign up for porn
no one signs up for porn
porn happens
okay this is another one
from Rababa
you should probably avoid my other emails for reading
too late this is about
the Xbox how it games letter I
slash we got via email
here is one quote feature
your games keep playing even
when you're not just because you're not playing
doesn't mean your games have to stop
with living games technology and the power of the
cloud game worlds are persistent
so the things you do in a game will
stay that way wait the living
games continue to play without you like an MMO
which is the opposite of things
you do in the game will stay that way
we call that technology save files
thank you Rababa
some good emails
from Rababa tonight I like Rababa
he's a good man alright
that's it for emails tonight huh
I just came back into the chat room to see German
dungeon trans
dungeon trans midget porn
do you guys know how to party or what
I love the chat room
alright last call for
votes guys again this is the last call for votes
if you're participating with us live.vogganetwork.com
the listless answers will be
read after this
the FUs of the week it's time to get angsty
why cause E3 is this
week and none of us are going
I get to go to the Ouya booth
lower your expectations
that's all I gotta say
FU to me forgetting that I brought chocolate
if it's in the fridge I'm gonna get it now
FU to just realizing
that you're gonna give me a bunch of
chocolate not that like
I'm sad to have chocolate but chocolate
I waited for Allen, Allen chocolate
alright Loki
FU to my laptop for the hard drive
failing and then having
these things that they put in place
like recovery partition just not doing
anything it got so bad that like
Windows could read the hard drive cause I was able to
boot in the Windows and stuff but then it's like
oh you wanna fix that drive well I can't read that
drive to fix it
so that kinda sucked but at least I got
a new hard drive in there that I had to take
out onto my JTAG which I'm not using
my Xbox of fame
unfortunately
and then also
FU to Steam
actually just for this weekend because
I was trying to
I installed Steam on my new
installation of Windows and it asked me
hey I haven't played on this PC before
you need to authenticate with us
and then they went and sent me the email
I was like what the hell
it ended up being that their server was all fucked
up this weekend so it was sent to the email
like two hours after you
you know sent them the
confirmation normally it's like immediate
so whatever
so happy
alright
my FU of the Week it goes to The Heat
in Phoenix Arizona
I finally spent time
in your fantastic little town
actually you know what no there's a lot to like about Phoenix
I know it gets a bad rap I'll say something
good about Phoenix I'll say two good things
about Phoenix one the whole town's laid out
like a giant grid so you like
can't get lost in Phoenix if you get lost in Phoenix
I don't know what to tell you
two Alice Cooper
owns a bar there and I totally went there
and it was amazing and I got to see
his big unit or whatever that
that 22 no seriously it was like a
22 inch hot dog it was on Man vs Food or whatever
I got to see somebody order that that was cool
um otherwise
FU to the fact like I can deal
with 110 degree heat like I had to deal with
that yesterday but at 9 o'clock
at night it cools off here
in Arizona
nope
so I FU'd The Heat in Arizona
and FU'd the fact
that I'm not really going to E3 but
Phoenix right I mean
what's up with that
alright I think it's time to read
the results of list list what do you guys think
chocolate that's right I think chocolate too
alright here it is the results of tonight's
list list at
live.vognetwork.com
if you didn't vote now I'm
sorry it is too late
alright so let's
ah son of a
bitch it doesn't still oh there's the table
I was like Bobby I found a bug
but it showed up again after a second okay
ah here it is the answers for tonight's list list
ah number 3
and this is it this is what you want
this is what will happen
well what you really want to will happen
scientific
process the end number 3 answer
the Microsoft server
crashes for 24 hours and
none of the games are playable after Wednesday
unfortunately that's not possible
because it ran off PCs anyways so
stop being a realist alright
number 2 answer Loki
should make you happy
Grand Theft Auto or Saints Row MMO
I wish number 2 answer
and the number
1 answer with over
the number of points of number
3 and 2 combined I don't know
if that's ever happened in list list history
the number 1 answer
Half Life 3 released
followed by a mic drop
that would be fantastic you know everyone
wants it I would love to see that in just like a really
crappy just like stage that he has
he built in his house
not even a stage it's just like
half I'm pushing a
giant button just have the button
he can lift up the button and the little
case covering the button hit the button
and the little thing in the back says Half Life 3
release drops mic leaves
that's it video done
alright I love it it worked very well
and ooh it even shows me how everybody voted
now I know
now we know who the traders are now I know who to judge
alright I'm just kidding
did he vote for his own answer let me see
yes I did
of course you always vote for yourself
alright there it is
again just to recap number 3
the Microsoft server crashes for 24 hours
number 2 Grand Theft Auto or Saints Row MMO
number 1 Half Life 3 released
followed by a mic drop
thank you and good night
alright and Black Wolf is celebrating in chat
a winner is me
I think he hacked the system couldn't he have done that
couldn't he have hacked the system to give himself more points
he may have the game has been hacked
alright just a couple more news stories
for you guys and then we're going to get to the Twitter
topics and our Skype line at
1877 Game OLR or our username
on Skype OrangeLoungeRadio but first
Loki
Minecraft is getting some updates on the
portable version or the Pocket
Edition including
Alpha Realms support and if you remember
correctly Minecraft Realms is that new
Mojang
run private servers basically
and it will support
online play for up to 10 players
simultaneously within a single
world and allow you to collaborate on
projects and stuff like that and the
alpha version is free
and I guess it will be an optional paid
service later on also they've
added eggs, milk, cake
and fire to the game
you know so that you can
you can make cake
so
glad to see that the
Android version is getting some updates
I wish that I know one of the things that they're working
on and I don't think it's happened yet is controller
support for that because if that's the case then I
can sideload that onto my Ouya and play with the
controller and it would be fantastic
and oh god
dammit I knew there were some I forgot nephews of the week
but I'll mention it real quickly since they're talking about Minecraft
what the hell the fucking vog network
Minecraft server host
is absolute shit
and it's been down for five days now
and I've sent you a bunch
of support tickets to them
no fucking response back
but they sure as hell took out the money
out of my account this weekend
to pay for it so I'm looking
there's three magic words
that will get action
Better Business Bureau
so I'm gonna be
I'm gonna either switch the server to a new
host or I'm just gonna shut it down
because no one's really playing on it
you know I tried to log into it this week
I played last week
but it's just not a lot of people on there
so it's you know even though it's ten bucks a month
it's just you know
I'll give you five dollars
no one plays, it goes down
alright
one more news story for you guys
and I think this is appropriate
as a final news story tonight
and I know Dark Soccer will be excited about this
what?
this is a game that was announced by The Game Atlier
they developed a game called Sunflowers
well they have announced
a little arcade style
cute em up
it's called Flying Hamster HD
and it's coming to the Playstation Vita
on June 11th
well that doesn't mean no good
well and they have announced
they have announced that this game is inspired by
and this is why Dark Soccer is excited
it's inspired by Konami's Parodius series
here's some gameplay
a little Flying Hamster
oh that's awesome
and if you want to play it though
oh nice
I like the little Egyptian penguin
super cute
I wanna fight the hell
so this is super cute
it is cute
and you gotta love somebody who says they're inspired by Parodius right?
Parodius is like one of the best games ever
online leaderboards
unlockable trophies
and all that fun stuff
on the Playstation Network
the game is also on the Playstation mini service
the original
Flying Hamster is on the minis
so that's pretty cool
it has fat mermaids
that's also a great little indie
you might not have noticed that otherwise title
so I'm really glad we're getting a little bit of a spotlight on that
very cool
so Dark Soccer is thinking about getting a Vita for that
no I'm not
it's downloaded on your iPad
alright, I think it's about time to open up the Skypline
because I'm sorry, nothing is Pentaro
let's open up the Skypline
1-877-GAME-OLR
or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio
it is time to get some calls
here on this Sunday night
we wanna know, what are your E3 thoughts?
you don't have to give them in a haiku form
but bonus points if you do
maybe you have something to say
about all this Xbox One business
I'm sure some of our regular callers have an opinion
or three, or five, or ten
on what we talked about at the very beginning of the show
or maybe there's something else completely different we've missed
we wanna hear from you guys
on GameOLR or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio
and look at that
it's already ringing
already got calls coming in tonight, let's go to it
hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
it's a sobered up Rama
I'm sorry to hear that
how are you otherwise, Rama?
I'm doing pretty good, how about y'all out there in California?
hot!
actually, today was better
I had chocolate, and I'm happy
yeah, I've calmed down a little bit
yesterday was 110, tomorrow is going to be 80
go fig
yep
well, what's new with you, Rama, why'd you call in tonight?
a couple of things, but
before I get into it, um, hey, Ookchan
huh
looks like at Otacon this year we may be
bringing Rama one half back
yay!
yes, a few of us are doing a quick impromptu
group photo
well, send me a copy of it
definitely, too bad I can't come with my spatula
well, and if we have to
we'll pack you in a box
I wish I could go, I really do
but unfortunately, money, blah blah
okay, okay
okay, this is the real reason
why I called
number one, I understand what everyone
says about the Xbox One, but
truth be told, it's still
going to sell, because they're going to have
these top tier titles
and you have to forget
half the gamers in
video gaming fandom are lemmings
they will say one thing
and then after the presentation you see all these
games, it'll be like, shut up and take
my money
couldn't you say the same thing about Nintendo's
Wii U, though?
yes, I can say that about every single gaming console
but then what happens after
that? The Nintendo fanboys have bought
the Wii U and they're still calling it a failure
you know, I still think the jury's
out on that to give it another holiday season
before we, you know,
build its coffin, but
uh,
I don't know, why do you think
that is?
It's the way people
think, and I'm kind of reminded
from back in the days of everybody was
importing the DDR in the Beatmania
game to then when Konami started bringing over
DDR and people
got pissed at certain titles were not
in the US releases, they were like, I'm not going
to buy it, the game comes out, they
buy it anyway to support
their fandom. As for these next-gen
consoles, one of the reasons why people are going to
buy them is to support the console, they think it's going
to work. To be fair, buddy,
you're talking about a $40 game versus a
$500 console, potentially, potentially.
I know, but it's how some people
think, and that's kind of scary.
Yeah. And
with the fact that Microsoft's bringing up
so many servers, I don't think
there's going to be that big of an issue of server downtime.
You don't?
I don't think so.
I don't think Blizzard or EA thought so either.
That's my worry.
Well, maybe
I don't know how many servers
other manufacturers have, but I have this feeling
Microsoft's going to have like the most, and they said
straight up, they're going to bring up all these
servers ahead of time. So I'm guessing
some of the mistakes with EA and Blizzard
were doing with servers, so who
knows? So where's your head
out with Xbox One after all of
this?
I said before, shut up and take my money
for a PS4, but you know what? I'm going
to wait until after the presentations and see what
everybody has to say, and then make my decision.
Based off games are most
important?
Not really. It's like games,
technology, functionality, a little bit of everything.
Let me ask you one more
question, because I know you're a long time listener to this
show. Were you here at the very beginning of the show, or did you come in
late tonight? I was here at the very beginning of the
show. Okay. I wouldn't judge you if you were late,
but I just want to know, earlier in the show I asked
Dark Sakura about the golden rule of gaming,
and we kind of came to a consensus that
perhaps the golden rule of gaming, a system
is only as good as the games that are on it, could be
evolving. What do you think?
I think
so too, because
that golden rule is the reason why I got
a 360 before the PS3.
Because people are going to argue,
why did you get that next gen console?
All these cool games
were on that one, and the answer is, well,
those games are not games
I would particularly like to play.
The games that I've played and I've enjoyed
are on this console. This console is going to
offer these games I am interested in,
which is why I'm going to buy it.
YYR
in our chat saying, having to start all over
will make the new consoles even more expensive.
New controllers, new accessories, new
games, this is going to be expensive.
If the consoles are $500 or so, the
real cost will be a few hundred more than that.
I don't think it's a given that they'll buy it.
Well,
I still remember when I was
working at Staples, I looked outside
the long line of people across the street at
Circuit City for the
$500 and $600 PlayStation 3.
That's true, there'll be an audience
somewhere, but will it be big enough?
That's the question. Alright, Brahma, I gotta
let you go to get more calls, but any other thoughts before I let you go?
Yeah,
I'm sorry, but this is the thing. I don't know if
you heard, but GameStop had a
special this week on Injustice
Gods Among Men.
You mean Gods Among Us, but yes.
$10, one hour
sale only. So many people
flooded the site to try to buy it
online. What I found out about this,
I went and I printed out the
paper. When I got out of class, I
went down to Best Buy, and I
got them to price match a $60
game for $10
that happened about two and a half
hours after the sale ended. Nice work.
Did you enjoy the game?
Yes, it's one of the few games where I
actually enjoyed it because I was playing it
more for the story than anything else.
As coming from someone who
does not believe in paying
retail price for a game unless you can
get it to knock down, I honestly
say the game
is worth $50
at least. I can't see myself
paying $59. I see myself paying
$49 or maybe $54, but
full retail, no. It is a
tricky line once you break that $50 barrier.
It's something psychological about it, but
we could do a whole other episode on that.
But I should let you go for now, Rama.
Everybody listen to Anime Jam Session.
You got it. We'll be talking
about Denver Comic Con and Anime Next on Tuesday.
Wow, you guys got a busy show. Alright, have a good
one, buddy. You too. Bye.
Alright.
That's right. Even though we've been talking a lot
on this show about E3, there's
lots of other nerd shows at the Voice of Geeks Network
talking about other stuff. So there's anime conventions going on.
I'm sure somebody's going to be talking about
Apple stuff on Monday, so
stay tuned for that and all the great
shows on the Voice of Geeks Network at vognetwork.com
Let's go to the phones
which are lighting up and take another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
This
is YYR. I just
called to drop this rhyme.
Haha, I'm a troll.
We're going to have to have
haiku call night at some point, and
everybody will have to do that.
Well played, my friend. Well played.
I'm tipping my hat to you. You just can't
see it.
Rob's hat is invisible and intangible.
Actually, that's really the only reason I called
it. That's right. Well, since I have
a captive audience, how is
bungee ferret tossing going?
Haha.
It's beer money. Beer money is great
because it buys beer.
But I don't think
you've seen the last of bungee ferret tossing.
I'm
deep in other projects right now
such as ports to
the smartphones and tablets I
like to complain about, but
I think at some point I would love
to revisit that universe, yes.
Wow, okay. Very cool.
What do you think about the way
there's been a lot of news about Xbox One
is kind of shafting indies or whatever.
I mean, as somebody who developed
quite a bit, you did several games, not just
bungee ferret tossing, but I know you had Snake 360
and Falling. You did a few games for
the XNA
or Xbox Live
indie games. What do you think about all this news
about Xbox One?
Well, I mean, as far as
indie games in general
specifically, Microsoft
already said they're not going to allow anyone to
self-publish on one
at first. And
I think that's a game changer
especially when Sony has
come out and said, yes, if you want to self-publish
come to us. PS4
will be happy to
host your self-published game.
And of course Nintendo is
welcoming
self-publishing on
Wii U as well to some degree.
I think you still need a business address
to be a developer for a Nintendo platform.
But besides that
yeah,
it seems that
Microsoft
is going to be the least indie-friendly
next-gen console out of the
gate. So with that
in mind, I think that
depending on how much indie games
influence
the next console generation
that may not matter at all or it may
matter a lot. It's all going to
depend on how big of a blip
on the radar indie games are
over the next console gen.
Before I let you go
It's crazy.
It's absolutely crazy.
And I think
all eyes are going to be on Sony
at that after-conference
presser.
Is PS4 going to be like
this? Is it going to be like that?
Is it going to allow us to do this?
And the answers given there are really going to make
a big difference as far as how people
perceive not just the
Xbox One, but all of the new
consoles, really.
I mean, literally, tomorrow
12 hours away is a huge
day in gaming.
One of the biggest ever.
I'll be on the edge
of my seat and I know probably
all of us will be to some
extent, yes.
I don't know, I'm going to take a nap.
Before I let you go, buddy,
I always kind of like to ask this. I know you just
called in to give a haiku and here we are with an interview,
but outside of developing
your own stuff, what games are you playing?
What are you enjoying playing lately?
I've been playing a lot of Tekken
lately. I actually
bought the Wii U version just
out of curiosity and
I can say
Tekken Ball, I don't know
who remembers the Tekken Ball
minigame in Tekken 3.
Totally do.
Yeah, they basically
updated it graphically and now
you can actually select
different balls to use and
the difference is basically in how
fast they move, how
quickly they charge up damage.
So it's a little bit more customizable
than it was before and of course you can use
tag teams, which is for
Tekken Ball, mostly useless, but
it's fun anyway.
So that is pretty much
the major addition to
the Tekken on Wii U.
The mushroom battle that
everyone made such a big deal about and looks like
so much fun in videos, it's really not all
it's cracked up to be.
I mean, it's fun
for like five minutes, but after the
novelty wears off, because basically
it's like the poison mushrooms
that shrink you
and the super mushrooms that
grow you, the poison mushrooms
also hurt you and
the damage is really high to begin
with, so it's like
you get a couple mushrooms and already
one more hit and you're dead.
So it's over way too quickly and
you can't play it online and you
can't use tag teams and it's
just not that great.
And also online, not too many people
playing for reasons that you could probably
guess, but other than that
it's the same game.
Alright, well I haven't
played a lot of Tekken in a while, so maybe I should
maybe I should rent
Tekken on Nintendo Wii U since my Wii
will allow me to do that.
The actual last one that I
bought was Tekken 4. I am warning you though
Tekken has gotten extremely complex
over the years, so
the learning curve is as steep now
as it ever was, or possibly
steeper. So as long as you're okay with that
you know, enjoy. Enjoy your
rental that you can actually do.
Alright, well alright, take care buddy, I'm gonna
let you go to see if we can get one more call, but
enjoy all the E3 stuff this week and
we'll talk to you later.
Well we'll either enjoy it or not enjoy it,
one of those. That's true, this is the first
Alright, you too.
This is the first year where
we can't necessarily say we're gonna enjoy it, are we?
Alright, 1877 game
OLR, our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio
We got time for about one more call here
Any last minute stories
while we're waiting for calls?
Yes, actually I do have one.
It's a hack that was done
for New Super Mario Brothers
on the Wii
and it's just been released. It's a total
conversion for the game called Newer Super Mario
Brothers. 120 all new
levels, remixed and original
graphics to the game, themes
and music, classic
power-ups, also
new bosses and that kind of stuff
and you can get it if you have a
homebrew-enabled Wii.
There's no piracy or hardware mods
needed, so
I believe it's just a save
file that you put on there
and you can download that at
NewerTeam.com
That's where you can find that.
Is that it? I'm trying to pull up
Twitter here. I've been looking at the
Xbox 720 checkpoint
thing that came out last year. Remember the whole
leak about VR and stuff
and a lot of it sounds exactly
what they're talking about right now, so who knows?
Next year maybe we might see some sort of Xbox
glasses or something.
Straight up even to the
slogan
that makes no fucking sense.
Next Generation Entertainment, one box
input one.
Like why
would you even do that?
I don't know.
Alright.
Let's take another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hi, this is Raginator.
Hey Raginator. I was going to say I didn't see the
cam come on at first. There it is. What's up
Raginator?
Just a quick question.
It's kind of a loaded one.
You kind of touched
on something I'll be briefly
earlier during the show.
Rare is
kind of hinted that
they're working on something and everyone's
speculating their
necessity to all franchise.
Most people seem to think
it's going to be either Conquer or
Kill Instinct. What are
your thoughts on that?
Well
we had a screenshot that was leaked
but again
it's one of those anybody could have with a
Photoshop. Oh did they prove it fake?
Yeah. Proved it fake?
You're talking about the one that had like Banjo-Kazooie
Yeah it was fake because they had
that Microsoft
game. The Halo
Spartan
Assault or whatever but the logo was different.
And it's because that stuff that
they got on there was either
wishful thinking and trademarks that they had
already done.
It wasn't anything new. It was fake.
So it's not
it's not going to be Banjo-Kazooie. I don't think it would be
Banjo-Kazooie anyways because it wouldn't be that big a deal.
It would be just kind of like ehhhh
whatever because they had a new Banjo game and it was
just it was alright but
I'm going to go with the easy answer
and say Killer Instinct based off
the whole trademark dispute that they
got settled. There wouldn't have
been a reason to do that otherwise I don't think
if they didn't want to keep that door open for some reason.
And I think they know that's what
everybody wants and
especially with where they're going with all this
DRM debacle
it's going to take a franchise like that
to make people
what's it going to take for you to sell your morals
up the river? Essentially.
And I mean
honestly if Xbox could come out
and say you know what we're going to have
we're going to have Rob's Fantasy games
Mass Effect 4
The Guardian Legend 2 and the things I
want to see it's going to be hard for me
to even go God I fucking
hate what they're doing but I really really really
want these games it's going to be hard it's easy for
me to sit here now and go I don't
need Halo 5
I don't need a new Killer Instinct
I don't need some of
this other stuff they're talking about because
I can kind of be satisfied with Playstation 4
Well and technically we don't need any of it
we need air and water
No I need Guardian Legend 2
Jamie I need it. Rob
I need it. Rob. I need it!
Intervention! What about you Jamie?
What? A rare franchise
that's coming back
Killer Instinct?
How about you Raginator?
Well I
would love to see another Killer
Instinct. God only knows
I played the Jesus out
of the
SNES port
along with the
N64 game
but I'm a little concerned because
you know
the history has shown that
both first priorities and
third priorities tend to
really
go overboard
screw with
a proven formula
and
when
they screw with
a given formula that's proven
to be a winner
a lot of people tend to revolve
Case is a point
Capcom screwed with
you know
the Final Fight with
Streetwise for the PS2
turned the 2D
brawler into a 3D brawler
that didn't do too well
they also
screwed with Street Fighter
and came out with the
EX series
didn't do too well
and of course there was
a whole
more common port on the
SNES which
still gets kind of
paid today
In defense of the Street Fighter
EX series EX3 was pretty good
I want to say with Capcom too since you brought up
Mega Man I think there's a very strong possibility
Mega Man fans will finally have something
to celebrate this week I don't know if that'll
just be a little victory or something but I just
think the timing is right
for Capcom to unveil what
they're going to do with Mega Man since they pretty much
said they're not killing them off
so whether that be a
reboot of Legends 3 or whatever
Mega Man 11 for god's
sake whatever they're doing I think next week
is very good for that but
you know that's an easy thing to predict
but we'll see if it actually happens
Well ultimately
if they do make a
killer receipt
I would love to see it
just don't screw it up
make minor tweaks here and there
maybe add new characters
maybe a mechanic
here or there
but don't go radically changing
the game to the point where
it's basically
a totally different game
it's only related to
previous games by name only
Alright
Well Raginator before I let you go here tonight I
noticed that you also submitted a tweet to us
at twitter.com slash o-l-r so
allow me to read
Random question
when playing Gyruss how many warps are there
to Uranus? I'm not going to say it
the other way. I asked because I just
wanted to type Uranus
well there you go and now I read it
there on air so congratulations
and if I remember right it would be 3 warps
to Neptune and then 3 more
to Uranus
6 warps
to Uranus Raginator
Yeah I know it's
I came up with something
It's alright, so's the show
so's the show Raginator
Alright have a good one buddy
Alright bye
I feel like that's like
wishing people a Merry Christmas
or Happy Hanukkah
I feel like you should wish video gamers a Happy E3
even when E3 is going to be bad news
like it's just like people fight
May you not be as disappointed
this year as you were last
What should like Happy E3
Merry E3
You're E3, what should the
greeting be to other gamers
this time of year?
Dark Soccer you're
Here's a hanky
You're our linguist
What should the greeting be to other gamers?
Blessed E3
That might be a little too much
Blessed E3
How about
How about Wink Free E3
Alright maybe I'll
throw that question to the chatters and see what they come up with
but for now I am going to close the Skype line
if you do have further thoughts on any of tonight's topics
Mailbag out
OrangeLaunchRadio.com
or Twitter.com slash O-L-R
So a screenshot leaked
from a brand new unannounced game
Oh
It's assumed, well we kind of assumed it was coming
Just Dance
the new Just Dance game
It's going to have the Ghostbusters theme in it because they have a screenshot
where people are dressed up like Ghostbusters
That's in Just Dance 4
Isn't it?
You sure about that?
Rob is up going to look by the way
Now in the chatroom by the way
we have a call for a new
Rival Schools series
Okay what are you looking at?
Just Dance 4
He's reading
It's going to take us a while because Rob's reading
Just kidding
I'm sorry Y-Y-R
I can't click YouTube
Maybe not
It's official because it's actually on
Xbox's website
So if you go to Xbox's Just Dance 2014
and they've got
Well I mean what a duh
They're going to do a new Just Dance game
I mean come on these games sell like crazy
and it's not a bad game
They have a guy that looks like Beetlejuice in here
What?
I mean that looks like Beetlejuice
I'm assuming that maybe that's
A ghost
Alright as far as the E3
greetings in our chatroom Misty says
Happy E3 I would think
Let's keep it simple why over think it
Maybe be Happy E3 Happy E3
Happy E3 I like that
Alright a couple of tweets from TigerClaw
I apologize
I don't think you read this one yet but I know it was in the
list of stories we just didn't get to it tonight
TigerClaw talking about
Mad Catz readying an Android console
of their own. Is this like an Ouya
type response? No they are yeah
It's not like the Ouya
Actually I like the idea
a lot better than the Ouya
It's basically going to be a console that plays
Android games. It has the Google Play
Store and it plays any Android game
and you can actually map buttons
onto stuff
So games that don't support touch or whatever
you can use a mouse with them
or do support touch
you can use a mouse or you can use analog sticks
to emulate touch
but
the fact that it doesn't require any special
games it's just the games that you have
or the games that you buy for like a dollar
or free or whatever so I like that
and their controller looks nice too
it looks like an Xbox 360 controller
actually it looks exactly like their
their Xbox 360 controller
their
MLG controller
it looks exactly like that
and one other tweet from TigerClaw tonight about
Interplay getting an IP from THQ
for $7,500
that's how much they
paid for FreeSpace
that's a good deal
that's a great deal
Interstellar Combat series that was developed by
Volition and published by Interplay
it's back in Interplay's library
after getting it back from THQ
so there you go
Interplay by the way it should be noted
they never did lose the rights to sell
Descent FreeSpace and FreeSpace 2
there you go
I want another Descent that is awesome
that required more buttons than
the other Descent games
that would be awesome
that required telekinesis to play
alright well thank you guys very much for your tweets
at twitter.com slash o-l-r
lots of great stuff tonight but
it's about that time we gotta wrap up the show
and get everybody's final thought
and all that
we have a consensus in the chat room, Rival Schools is awesome
Rival Schools is awesome
we'll put that on your list list, too late
well, okay, you know what
I actually, when I had
a lot more disposable income I paid
99 bucks to import
the Justice Gakuen Evolution
and I played the hell out of it
for days, but it's like
every time they would bring out
like one of the games for home they'd take out
something from the Japanese version that made it awesome
like the board game mode
in Project Justice
after you played through the board game
your custom character
that you played the board game with would have stats
based on how you played the game
and they just took that out
well guys
before I let you go tonight I just want to say
happy three and let's hope that
let's hope the news isn't too terrible
let's hope there's a lot of good surprises and things
that we will be excited about
I will be here during the day tomorrow
during the press conferences and I'll be around Tuesday too
I will make a point to be in chat
if you want some folks to talk
about the conferences, you want a live
blog, not really live blogging
because I kind of think everybody's
kind of watching it, but more like live discussion
if you want to talk about what's going on
at E3 with some like-minded individuals
I urge you to be at live.vognetwork.com
I'll be there during the big press conferences
tomorrow and we can talk
about it and kind of discuss
are you going to be there too?
Yes, because my boss is gone
so I don't have to really work that
it's all work related anyways, come on
I'll be there at least for Microsoft and Sony
but in the middle of the day Dark Soccer and I might go on a friend date
to take care of some stuff around town
YYR left another haiku
Happy E3 guys, look forward to
no prices and no dates either
I think we'll get those tomorrow
I think we'll get prices and dates tomorrow
I don't know
It would be a first if we did, because remember
what was the infamous thing a few years ago from Sony
$599 US dollars
$599, so I think we will get it
I'll wake up tomorrow
to care about the press releases
to get in chat as well
I've already got my popcorn
it's just stale, but I already have my popcorn
I want to go to Popcornopolis
If you want a place to just chat with some other folks
and kind of just
get some live
banter going on what's going on at E3
join us and chat
live.vognetwork.com
You never know, Bobby might pop in on a plane for all we know
from his plane, we'll see
Check out E3.vognetwork.com
I'm really excited about what this week
is going to bring and it's going to be
a great week
I guess that's it
We'll be back next week to do it all over
again as we lead up to our 11th anniversary
on June 23rd
It's time to go around and get everybody's final thought
Dark Sakura, we'll start with you tonight
your final thought
I wish I hadn't eaten all that chocolate so quickly
And my final thought tonight
is no regrets, I did eat it that quickly
and it was good
Loki, your final thought tonight
I'm looking forward to this week, I'm always excited about
E3 stuff, just disappointed that I don't get to play
and also I'm not going to be able to make it out to Best Buy
and Wednesday to play the Wii U games
because it's not a weird time, it's like a 4 o'clock
like if it was in the middle of the day I could sneak out
and do that, but the middle of the day one's on
Saturday and I'm just, I'm not going to drive
all the way to Elk Grove
No, then I'm not going to drive down the Elk Grove
to play New Super League
What if our local listeners wanted to meet you?
Eh, it's not worth it, seriously
Alright, fair enough
Thank you guys for listening to
Orange Launch Radio and supporting us
for all these years
We really appreciate your support
It is a free show, all we ask if you enjoyed the show
Tell a friend or two about the show
Help us spread the word, because we don't get a big
booth at E3 to help spread the word
or any big fancy advertising budget
Any advertising you do see
comes out of our own pockets
So please, help spread the word
and grow our family here at Orange Lounge Radio
and the Voice of Geeks Network
Support independent podcasting
Have a terrific week, good night
You may not necessarily reflect
those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio
or VOG Network
but you know they were all still true
See you next week
Thanks for watching!
