This week, Sony made waves by announcing its retreat from events, but speculation is
that they're saving money, time, and effort in a quieter year.
They'll be back, it's only inevitable.
That's just one story to catch up on, join us for plenty more news from around the gaming
universe starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, welcome back to another week of the show where
every gamer has a voice.
It's Orange Lounge Radio Live tonight, episode number 753 for this November the 25th of 2018.
My name, Rob Roberts, and his name, Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi, how are you?
I'm fine.
We are back after a week off.
We weren't here last week, and that was my bad.
I'll get to that in a minute.
Not joining us in studio tonight, DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
She is still on work leave.
Unfortunately for a little while longer, but she'll be joining us live in studio December
9th, I think is the day she'll be here, which may be on the current trajectory I'm planning.
I think December 9th is going to be our last shoutcast show.
If you haven't already heard the news, our live show is going to move over to Twitch.
Nothing will change with the podcast.
It will still be a podcast feed as it always was.
In fact, I was reminded while we were doing our call with Bobby tonight earlier, we've
kind of done this before.
We used to be on Justin TV back in the day, and apparently somebody in our chat room over
at live.vognetwork.com dug up some old highlights.
So if you want to see like 2008 video clips of OLR, our old Twitch TV channel, Orange
Lounge Radio.
We didn't have a camera though.
No, we did.
Did we?
Oh yeah.
You forgot.
Yeah.
Remember the house I used to live at with John, with the lights, the Christmas lights
in the garage?
That was on video.
Remember you played the Final Fantasy 13 demo?
Yeah, but I thought we had that, just that was the video.
No, there was both.
Because remember I had that camera, that blue tiny little camera?
Yeah.
That thing broke by the way.
That's long gone.
That's when I was doing those vlogs on YouTube for a little while.
That's another project that's long gone.
So anyway, yeah.
So it's funny.
What's old is new again, but we're going back to the Twitch thing in a few weeks.
So we're targeting December 16th, but don't hold us to that.
But anyway, yeah.
So we're here in studio now doing the podcast the way we always have.
And by the way, I do want to emphasize, it's still going to be Orange Lounge Radio even
after we move.
It's just going to be, yes, there will be some, you'll get to see us doing a radio show,
but it is still a radio show.
So I don't want our people that listen to us on their commutes.
And I know we have data entry during the day, people and other tech jobs where they just
listen to us in the earbuds while they play, or while they play, while they work, maybe
play, and do that.
And I just, for you guys, it's not going to change, but it is kind of a big change for
us and an exciting one as well.
But honestly, I've joked time and time again, this computer that we do the show on is still
running Windows XP.
So this technology is circa like 2006, 2007, and it's just, it's time to modernize a little
bit.
So it's going to be really exciting and hopefully get us some new folks here at Orange Lounge
Radio.
Really excited.
So let's talk about video games.
We are going to get it in the news in just a little bit.
And we are going to cover, because it was the Thanksgiving holiday in the States this
week, which I hope you all had an awesome Thanksgiving and all that good stuff.
Those of you in the States anyway, if you're in other countries, you probably was just
another week for you, but I hope you had a good week nonetheless.
But since it was the Thanksgiving holiday in the States, there probably wasn't as much
gaming news this week.
There was a little bit.
We'll get into that.
But we're going to kind of combine the week we missed last week and touch on some of the
big headlines from last week, because there's, Loki, there's some big stuff that happened
last week that we've got to give our insight on.
Like this whole E3 change.
We'll get to that later.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's interesting.
Anyway.
But to start off the show tonight, let me tell you about why I wasn't here last week.
So I was in Las Vegas and I was attending Final Fantasy XIV Fan Festival in Las Vegas,
which was at the Rio Hotel, which is just off the strip.
About 5,000 people going to this event.
I'm guessing that number based off the raffle ticket numbers that ran from zero to 5,000.
That's why I'm assuming there's about 5,000 people.
Maybe you add in some press and things like that too is maybe like 5,500, but about 5,000
people give or take at this convention center at the Rio to celebrate Final Fantasy XIV,
which is of course the online Final Fantasy game.
There is an older online Final Fantasy game, Final Fantasy XI, but that game, they kind
of stopped doing expansions and all that for a little while ago.
They're doing more minor updates with that game.
I think there's a much larger player base on Final Fantasy XIV because it is the newer
one.
It is the game that's on PlayStation 4 as well as PC.
And so this was really to celebrate that game.
And they did do the new expansion.
So I was out there in the audience during the keynote.
If you guys were watching on Twitch, I think there actually was a moment you probably could
have seen me on camera, which would have had to know where to look.
And I don't, I always find my reactions and those crowd shots really weird.
So I usually try to look away anyway.
But I was there when they unveiled the brand new expansion.
Shadowbringers is the new expansion that they're doing for Final Fantasy XIV.
I keep wanting to call it Stormbringers because the current expansion is Stormblood.
And for some reason, it's another SB acronym.
So you have Stormblood is the current expansion and Shadowbringers is the new one.
The first one was Heavensward.
So it was nothing SB, but it's weird that both acronyms are SB.
So I keep wanting to say Stormbringers.
Heavens...
I don't know.
Yeah.
Heavensbringer.
Yeah.
Heavensworb.
So that's the new expansion.
And with that, they announced the Blue Mage job is going to be a part of actually Stormblood.
It's going to be in the next patch, a little bit controversial.
This Blue Mage implementation, because they're not implementing it like a normal job.
They are going to be doing kind of like a special little, I guess, side events that
you do more in a solo manner.
And it's going to be capped at level 50.
And you can do this whole like mass carnival up to, you know, level like 50 events and
things.
You go out in the field and learn spells.
Apparently you can do things in small groups like up to level 50, but what they're trying
to do is they're trying to keep Blue Mage out of current rating and the current meta
and out of progression.
And that's a very controversial change because there's some people out there that were very
much looking forward to Blue Mage and being able to play that in the progression.
So it's kind of like you get this kind of like awkward implementation of the Blue Mage
job.
And so it's rubbing some people the wrong way.
For me, I guess we're lucky it's there at all in a way, but I'll give it a chance.
I'll check it out.
I think I'll change that once the other expansion comes out.
See, and that's the thing.
They could.
Maybe if the Rabble Rabble is really great and, you know, they could always retinker
it to allow Blue Mage to just cap up to level 80, which will be the new level cap, and be
in the progression content and maybe limit the skills.
I think they're really worried about balancing.
And they were really worried about Blue Mages getting rejected from parties because they
don't know all the spells because there's going to be, they said, 49 spells you go out
and absorb from monsters.
That's the whole thing with Blue Mage, by the way, if you weren't familiar in Final
Fantasy lore, like in games like Final Fantasy V, you would learn spells as a Blue Mage by
fighting the monsters and getting it cast on you basically.
And then you may learn the spell and they're kind of implementing it that way in Final
Fantasy XIV.
Except I don't think, I think you just have to fight the mob.
You don't necessarily have to have the spell cast on you, but still, you know, relatively
close.
Interesting implementation.
We'll see where they go with that.
I think it's very interesting.
It is not a part of the expansion.
It's part of this expansion.
So it's something that's leading into the next expansion.
So it's in the new expansion.
Yes, there will be more jobs in the new expansion.
They didn't say what those are.
There's a leak that called this Blue Mage thing and some other things.
So if you want to believe the leak, there's going to be two more jobs.
I'll let you go find that for yourself if you want to go look it up.
The other big thing that they teased, I'm very happy about this.
So in years past at this event, Yoshida, who's the producer and director of XIV, he wears
a t-shirt that will tease something about the expansion.
So a couple of years ago, he wore a Batman t-shirt and at the next Fan Fest, Dark Knight
was a job.
Get it?
So then last time he wore a Scarlet Witch t-shirt and guess what got announced at the
next Fan Fest?
Red Mage, right?
Get it?
So this time he wore a Bugs Bunny shirt and he pointed at it when he was talking about
the new race.
Although he wouldn't say what the new race was, but it's pretty much saying without saying
that the Viera from Final Fantasy XII will pretty much certainly be the new race in Final
Fantasy XIV.
It's just not totally confirmed yet, but what other bunny races are out there and it's,
I mean, I'm super happy.
Like obviously like Fran is one of my all time favorite Final Fantasy characters.
What he means to tell you is Space Jam is coming to you.
I would be okay with that actually if that, you know, Final Fantasy XIV in Space Jam.
Exactly.
It's like, all right, cool.
Now one of the other big things they announced in the keynote was this trust system.
So you're going to be able to, and Final Fantasy XI has this, they implemented it way later
when the game was dying off and it was harder to find parties.
What they did is they made it so that you could have NPCs in your party basically, and
they would function like normal party members.
They're bringing that system to Final Fantasy XIV, but they're not doing it because Final
Fantasy XIV is dying off.
At least they're certainly not going to admit that's the case.
And I don't think the game is.
They're doing it because, this is really interesting, they realize that there are some people that
although they want to play an MMO with friends, the story makes you do like dungeons and group
content to progress in the story.
Some people don't want to do the group content because they feel like if they're not pulling
their weight, they're holding the group back.
And it kind of gives that whole like anxiety of, you know, I'm playing with other people
and they are relying on me and I don't want to fuck up.
So basically they're going to allow you to do, use these trusts to help you get through
the story and do content without other people.
And it's, it's very strange because that was kind of a theme between that and the Bloom
Age experience.
I kind of felt like a theme I was hearing about this expansion was, here is an MMO you
can play all by yourself.
And I thought that was just very interesting.
But I totally recognize, and I've even been in this position before that sometimes you
don't necessarily want to play with other people.
You just want to be in the experience at the same time other people are experiencing it.
So you can talk about that or life or whatever.
It's a chat room with fire spells and great swords.
That's what it is.
That's what the MMO world is to some people.
And that's totally fine.
So I think it's very interesting that you have Final Fantasy XIV kind of embracing the
solo experience in an MMO.
What do you think?
I know you don't play a lot of MMOs currently, Loki, but you spend a lot of time with Final
Fantasy XI and so forth.
I know you've dabbled in a few of them.
What do you think about like the solo experience in MMO?
Like do you think MMOs should be built to play alone?
Sure.
I like playing Final Fantasy XI alone.
Yeah.
Sometimes.
Unless I was up against a roadblock that I needed to have a party, like any sort of experience.
You get the trusts and you don't need that anymore.
Granted.
Interesting.
I didn't really have that problem when I was playing on that not so legit server where
the XP boost was like times 10 and that was awesome because then I could solo all the
way up to whatever I need to.
Let's go to our chat room for some feedback on this because we do tape live every Sunday
night at the voice of geeks network, vognetwork.com, where we do tape live every Sunday night
at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And you can join us in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
But I do want to start plugging away here when I mention it because, you know, I mentioned
this at the top of every show, but I do want to start mentioning if you aren't already
following the network on Twitch TV, you might want to get over there and get on that vognetwork
over on Twitch TV because that is where we're going to be in the future in about a month
if all things stay on track.
Anyway, some of the comments over at live.vognetwork.com.
Dungeon Buster says, this is a nice gesture for 14.
Pugs can either be awesome experiences or toxic nightmares.
It's super nice to drop into a group of nice players, but getting toxic ones can ruin your
night.
And that's exactly right.
Bobby Black Wolf in chat says, I can still optionally play with friends.
I hated having to be like, hey, Free Company, while you're out there playing Moogle Mog,
can you help me with this four person dungeon way beneath you?
Yeah, like maybe some people, you know, they want to be able to do the old stuff without
having to ask people to run through it with them.
So yeah, it's something that trust is going to open up.
It's gonna be very interesting.
So anyway, you know, I'm sure a lot of the announcements have been online.
I don't want to, I don't want to retread that territory too much.
So what else happened at this event besides the keynote?
Well, they did a variety of panels.
So they did some panels talking about the next patch that's going to include Blue Mage.
They went into detail on Blue Mage.
They did like a PvP tournament there, which I'm not super into PvP and 14.
So it wasn't really something that was up my alley, but I know it is for some people.
So that was cool.
They did a big costume contest.
And let me tell you, the cosplay was like Dragon Con level good.
Like Final Fantasy 14 cosplayers go all out and there was some really good stuff.
So that was really cool to see.
And they do like lore panels and all that stuff as well.
While that's going on, it was interesting because this year they had it split.
They had the very large room was kind of like their panel room.
And they had some events in there.
I can't remember if I posted this on Twitter,
but I took a picture of myself in front of this giant makeshift aetheryte crystal,
which is like a home crystal doing the little pose like I'm tuning to the crystal.
So that is something that they had like in that room.
And they had like some little silly carnival games that you could win,
like posters and stickers and, you know, very silly things for playing.
So that was kind of neat.
But then inside rooms, of course, they had one room that was all about playing Final Fantasy 14.
And you could stand in line to do a new primal fight, Yojimbo as a primal fight,
which Yojimbo is actually already, I mean, Yojimbo is already in Final Fantasy 10.
That's where he comes from.
But Yojimbo is already a dungeon boss, but they redid him for a primal fight.
And all I'm going to say about it, I'm not going to spoil it.
It's not the same as the dungeon fight.
It's very, very different because there's a big twist at the beginning of the fight.
You're not really fighting Yojimbo, you're fighting somebody else.
So that's all I'm going to say about that fight.
And then, let's see, you could do one of the existing primal fights,
which is basically, you know, eight people taking on a boss.
But they would have various modifiers, like the bottom half of your screen is unusable,
or it's covered up entirely, basically,
which kind of sucks because that's where your skills and actions are.
Or other silly modifiers like, you know, you could only use certain type of weapons,
or it was sped up, or, you know, like half health or something.
Like there'd be all these different modifiers, so that was something you could,
I think maybe one was that the bosses didn't telegraph any moves.
That's pretty horrible too.
So yeah, there was, you could play the hard stuff.
There was some type of like Eureka challenge where you kind of,
so they basically had like different little like sub games within the game
that it uses the game's engine and the game's setup,
but they're not really things that you can do in the game right now at home.
So it's kind of neat that they have, you know, that whole thing set up.
And then, of course, they had a big old merchandise booth
and they were selling a lot of that stuff.
And, you know, I know this festival for a lot of people is a chance to meet up with
free company members or guild members and people that they play the game with.
I met a lot of new people.
I had a good time meeting some new people that played the game
and reconnecting with people that I used to play with.
Like one of my old buddies that I played with back on McGarsimer was there.
And so it was really cool to reconnect with him.
And yeah, just, you know, it's about kind of the community as well as the game.
So that was what I kind of, I guess, skipped the show to see last week.
Go into our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Oh, I guess Shane joined our chat room or somebody that knows him very well
because the nickname is Shane Hates 14 Bloom Age.
Yeah, I know he wasn't too happy with the implementation of that.
Says in our chat says, despite some information that made people matter upset overall,
the con was the best they've done for North America so far.
Yeah, I'm glad you brought that up because I will say that is that the last two times I went,
so they've done this every other year in the even numbered years to announce their other expansions
and 2014 with Heaven's Word, like the registration line was very long.
The merchandise line was a nightmare.
2016 had some issues as well.
So like this year organization, I will give kudos to Square Enix, was done very well.
There was no line for registration.
Like not you walked right up.
They scanned your code. You got your packet. You got your backpack.
I don't know if you saw that when he came in, but I got a little Final Fantasy 14 backpack
and it had like loot inside it. So it's kind of nice.
You just walked right in and pick that up.
Even though they, this was the first year because of, you know,
incidents that have happened in Las Vegas in the not too distant, you know,
past and so forth.
They had metal detectors for the first time that we all had to go through on the way in.
And when I read that they were going to do that, I was like, oh God,
that line to get in is going to be a mile long.
It wasn't. I was pleasantly surprised.
We moved right along into that thing.
They got us through that nice and early to put us in a queue room in the back.
So that way the metal detectors weren't a choke point
because people were lining up as early as like 5, 6 a.m.
I know Shane went out there really, really early the day of the keynote.
And so that was nice that the metal detectors didn't become a bottleneck.
So, and they did the merchandise sales in advance online.
So you have to stand in line all day just to decide what you wanted at the merch booth.
So honestly, they just did a lot of things that made it feel a lot smoother.
But at the same time, because all of it was so smooth,
you really started to notice the whole like, well, I'm kind of out of things to do.
There's no panel right now.
I've done the Yojimbo fight and all this other stuff.
And the thing about Final Fantasy XIV Fan Fest is that's all it is,
is Final Fantasy XIV stuff.
But here's the thing.
So you realize you're out of things to do.
That's the time that you go hang out with your free company
or you meet some new people and hang out with them and so forth.
So that's part of the whole experience, I suppose.
Talking about being in the same place and existing at the same time.
We're talking about like the solo experience in an MMO and so forth.
So yeah.
Okay, now I know it's Shane because he knows this.
He says in chat, Rob got stopped every time at the metal detector.
Take that how you will.
Yes, that's true.
I set that metal detector off every single stinking time.
And it wasn't my belt.
It wasn't my watch.
I don't know what it is.
But every single time I was setting off that metal detector.
And they'd have to do the whole wand.
And of course, they don't find anything with a wand.
So I don't know what it is.
It's my magnetic personality.
No, I don't know what was setting it off.
It was weird.
Anyway, let's see.
Looking at other comments in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Shane is also reminding me to talk about the data centers.
So yeah, with...
And this is the last thing we'll talk about,
because then I want to move on with some of the other headlines from the week.
But one of the other really controversial things they're doing with Final Fantasy XIV,
and I'm going to just flat out say one of the things I don't like.
I know Shane is really pissed off about this blue mage thing.
But honestly, with the blue mage thing, I'm like,
all right, it's there and they can always fix it later.
But this is the thing where I'm like, ugh, I wish they hadn't done this.
But I understand why they're doing it.
So what they're doing is they're making a third data center in North America.
There's already two data centers.
They're making a third.
And here's the thing, there's a lot of stuff that you can do cross data center.
But it's not like World of Warcraft,
where admittedly in the early days of World of Warcraft,
you could only do things on one server.
But about three or four expansions in,
they made it so that it didn't matter what server you were on.
You could party up with people on any other server and so forth.
In Final Fantasy XIV, you're still limited by your data center.
So sure, you can transfer between servers,
but it has to be servers on your data center.
And now in the new expansions in Shadowbringers,
they're going to do this whole world,
or actually, no, I think this is part of the 4.5 patch.
You can even go visit another server,
but it still has to be within the data center.
So there is still this big wall because my friends that I used to play with
are on Midgarcimer, which is one data center,
and I'm on the other one now, Hyperion.
So there's still this wall.
I can't play with the people I used to play with because we're still on this.
And the problem is, in the new expansion,
they're going to be adding a third data center.
So now there's going to be two walls.
And they took the most populated server, Bao Mung,
which there's a lot of inside jokes about Bao Mung and the role play,
and it's going to the third server with a bunch of low pop servers.
So all these people are having to,
if they have a cross-server group that's on a data center,
it might be getting split up because of this change.
But that was also kind of the nice thing about having some downtime,
is that you kind of start to ask people,
so what's your server?
Oh, you're going to be on the new one with me.
OK, so we should talk more because maybe we'll be able to group up.
It's like people are suddenly finding their new homes and things like that.
It's like Final Fantasy XI all over again.
Yeah, yeah, a little bit.
So it's unfortunate about the whole data center thing,
and I really hope in the near future
they can really figure out how to take down those walls of the data center.
But I feel like it's one of those things that they're kind of,
I feel like it's one of those things they're kind of trapped in.
They're kind of trapped into it because of the way the game was built.
Because remember, Final Fantasy XIV had a horrible first version,
and they've been trying to fix it ever since, basically.
So I just have this weird feeling they're kind of screwed in from that,
but we'll see, we'll see.
Anyway, that's enough about Fan Fest.
Is there anything else I should be saying about Fan Fest, Loki?
Any news on Final Fantasy XI Mobile that was supposed to be...
No, this is only a XIV.
No news on anything else but Final Fantasy XIV.
That's about XIV right now.
Yeah, right.
Until it goes like, you know, monthly fee free, then maybe.
Okay, so Bobby Blackwolf in chat, let me explain this better.
Bobby says, oh, so I can't transfer my character over to the server you're on?
So as a kind of like, sorry, we're screwing up all your like pre-mades and stuff.
What they're doing is they're saying for a two-week period,
we are going to offer free server transfers.
So when they create this third data center, it's going to be,
it is going to be a nut house because everybody's going to use this opportunity
of free data transfers to go to where they want to go.
Now, once you've figured out what server you're going to be on,
Final Fantasy is also implementing this.
You can temporarily visit other servers within the data center.
You can just kind of do that within game,
but you'll be locked into that data center once the free move period is over.
So I hope that makes sense because right now,
you can move a character to any server you want for like 15, 18 bucks.
I don't know what it is.
I don't remember what it was I paid,
but they're going to open that up and make it free for two weeks
as their apology to, sorry, we're doing this big shuffle.
We feel bad about it.
So here's your chance to re-pick.
It's going to screw up a lot of housing stuff
because some people have invested a lot of gill in housing,
but they're trying, they're talking about reimbursements,
like 3 million.
They're trying to, they're trying to sweeten the pot.
I just, I don't know.
It's going to be, it's going to be a lot.
So I may not stay where I am, Bobby.
I will let you know.
I will let everybody, I'll tweet about it.
What world I decide to go to.
I honestly have not decided yet.
There's just so many factors.
I really have to kind of figure out
where are the people actually going to be playing regularly?
Because I've kind of hit a ghost town experience
on my old server and I've hit a ghost town experience
on my new server.
So I'll stay on the new server
if it's not going to be a ghost town anymore.
I'll go back to the old server
if it's not going to be a ghost town anymore.
I'll go to a third server, a brand new server,
if I find out there's a great community here
that, you know, wants to have Rob there and do stuff.
So I honestly don't have the answer to that question yet.
And I think a lot of that will start to sort itself out
when they announce the date of the server transfers.
So I'm just not totally focused on that right now
because, you know, patch 4.5 is still not even out
until January.
So the game is still a little bit stagnant until January.
It's why I've been playing, even though I'm subscribed to 14,
it's why I've been playing a lot of World of Warcraft
in between there.
So anyway, let's see.
Hopefully I explained that a little better.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says,
I'm also okay with starting from level one
because I forget how to play,
especially if you can access trust from the beginning.
Well, remember, Bobby, you can also just roll a new job
and you'll have to start it from level one.
And that could be another way
because maybe one of these new jobs will speak to you too.
Who knows?
So, you know, you got a lot of options.
So something to think about.
They haven't talked about how the trust
is going to be implemented.
So we'll see what happens with that.
All right.
I think that's all I want to say about Final Fantasy XIV
because I know not everybody plays the MMO
and I've talked at length about it.
We have plenty more news to get to
that has come up in the past couple of weeks.
Before we get to that, though,
let's talk about our gaming weeks
and the types of video games that we have been playing
these past couple of weeks while we've been out.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was all right.
I didn't play a whole ton of things,
but I did play a few things.
So I got around finally to pick,
I mentioned I was going to be picking up
Pokemon Let's Go Pikachu.
So I picked that up and I bought that
and I've been playing that quite a bit.
I'm like 20 hours into it.
I've already taken down five gyms
and I've gotten all the way to Fuchsia City.
Wow.
Where I've got my Pokemon Go Park stuff.
So it's great because, you know, it's like,
oh yeah, there's all these, you know,
version exclusive Pokemon and stuff.
I'm like, fuck that.
I've got like all this crap just sitting
on my Pokemon Go account.
I'm just going to throw it on in there.
Now, what am I doing with it?
Do I really need like 50 different Eevees?
No, I don't.
So I just put that all in there.
So it was great to kind of fill in on that stuff.
So right now I have a Pokemon Go Park
that's just full of like Pokemon.
You can actually have, I think you transfer
up to a thousand Pokemon into that.
So like I'm set for a while.
I should be good.
But I still have to catch everything
because I've ran out of berries.
That's kind of the annoying thing too.
It's like, hey, you know,
whereas like in Pokemon Go,
I have all these berries.
I'm literally like swimming in berries
in Pokemon Let's Go.
You can't fucking find those anywhere.
You have to keep catching things
and you sometimes get them
or you get them as bonuses for other things,
but you can't buy them, which is annoying.
Walk the Pokemon because you get.
I know, I know I do.
I was doing that.
And then the problem is those
I have to keep transferring it back.
And I don't, I keep switching
in between which Pokemon I want to level
up because I'm trying to figure out
what's going to be the best to have
against the final four.
So I don't know.
But I've been playing that quite a bit.
And it's been fun.
I've been a little bit grindy though,
but just, I found that trading
with randoms is also kind of working out too.
I didn't even realize that this was a thing.
So you just put in like,
cause the trading's weird.
You don't like, you don't go
to your friends list or anything
like you would in the other games.
You just basically say,
so you connect online and then you say,
put in a three, it's not even digit.
It's a three picture code.
It's just like, if you've played the rating
in Pokemon Go and done a private raid,
it's just like that.
But you're on the entire internet.
But there's a universal code
that everybody's using,
which is Pikachu, Pikachu, Pikachu.
It's the first one.
And if you do that,
you'll get matched up with some random person.
And so that's why it is like,
I was like, well, let me just check this out
and see whatever.
So I did it and then I was like,
okay, I'm going to give you,
cause I just caught a bunch of slow pokes.
I'm going to give you like a level 38 slow poke.
And so I did that and they,
oh, here, here's the Clefairy.
I'm like, all right, that's cool.
Whatever.
I don't really care what I get.
But the Clefairy they got was like level 53.
Fuck yeah, I'm going to do this some more.
I've been doing the planned trades
with my buddy, Justin,
that I kind of reconnected with
at the Final Fantasy XIV Fan Fest.
We've been able to do some trading
cause he has the Eevee version.
I have the Pikachu version.
So we've been able to trade
some of the exclusives across.
And like he texted me the other day
because he's like, do you have Graveler?
He's like in the exact same spot in the game I am.
So he's like, do you have a Graveler
that you want to like trade Graveler for Graveler
because some of the Pokemon evolve by trading them.
So we did Graveler for Graveler.
So that way we both got Golems.
And then I think we need to do it again
for the Kadabras to get Alakazams.
So I've been doing the pre-planned trades.
I haven't tried the random stuff though, but.
I should probably trade those then
cause I can't do anything with them
if they're just gonna sit there.
I'll just trade them.
Do you have your Switch?
Let's trade.
I don't have my Switch with me.
I thought about bringing it.
I almost did, but I didn't.
Next time.
Yeah, like Sia Tabiri in chat says
grav for grav.
Yes, that's exactly what it is.
G for G.
But yeah, and also it's nice
that each of the Pokemon centers
they have like people that'll trade you
the Alolan Pokemon.
So I got an Alolan Marowak,
which cause I don't even have that in Pokemon Go.
So just too bad because they had one
on the gym over here.
Just right when I came in.
I'm like, oh, there's someone battling him.
I can't.
Three stars or four stars.
Don't.
Can't solo that.
It's like recommend party.
13 people.
There's some of the three stars
you can do yourself.
Yeah, yeah.
Anyways.
So I've been playing that quite a bit.
And then aside from that,
you know, Pokemon Go,
I did ended up picking up the controller,
the Pokeball Plus only because my kids
wanted to play with it.
My youngest son was like really wanting
to play Pokemon and he wanted the ball.
So like I picked it up and then my oldest son
wanted me to give him Mew.
I'm like.
But I bought this myself.
You know, when you get a job,
you can have me up to, you know, I'm like fine.
I'll give it to you.
Unfortunately, you can't give it to him
because he doesn't have a Nintendo account.
So sorry, you're out of luck.
So I had to transfer Mew over.
Mew actually is all right, but.
The only positive with Mew is you can give it
any of the TMS so you can, you know,
kind of customize Mew however you want.
Yeah, I have Mew in my party right now,
but I'm probably going to take him out.
Like I just I need other like harder counters,
if that makes sense.
Yeah, I need things like
ride on.
I need things like, you know,
that are just like really big.
I still haven't been able to get mine to evolve yet.
My ride on.
I don't know if that's one of the ones
you have to trade or if you just it's
a higher level when it flips.
Whatever, if it doesn't, you know.
Just transfer in a Brian once you go.
Yeah, like, yeah, seriously.
So that's kind of what I've been doing.
And then let's see, aside from that.
So my DDR machine finally got the replacement
optical drive in last week.
And sure enough, I put it in there
and it doesn't fucking work.
So so then there was that problem
and it started acting up like I was like,
OK, well, what's wrong with this thing?
Because it kept popping the tray out a bunch of times
and it just was not cooperating.
It wouldn't read it.
So I ended up having to take the optical drive apart
and I fixed it because I guess as they get older,
the motors to pop the trays open and stuff like that,
they wear out.
And so you have to basically break the magnet
that's in there a little bit and, you know,
tweak it up so that it's higher off of the metal
so that it's not strong.
And then it works just fine.
And sure enough, as soon as I did all that
and tweaked it and put it back together, it worked fine.
So I was able to put fourth plus on my DDR machine now.
So that's what I'm being playing this week.
Um, although I miss having my speed mods already,
I'm like, man, I loved fourth plus or fourth mix,
but I'm so spoiled I can't do it anymore.
It's like, you know, it's trying to play doubles.
I was playing a conga feeling and I love that song,
but it's just it's going to have to get used to
reading that stuff again.
I can't wait to come over and play your DDR machine.
We just had a day to do that.
Yeah, awesome.
So anytime.
Okay.
Anything else for your gaming week?
Um, no, that's it.
I didn't play any Red Dead Redemption,
which is too bad.
I'm having trouble like getting back into that
because it's just so like engrossing.
Um, I, I'm loving some of the clips I'm seeing
coming out of that game.
Like the, the lady was like, won't you help me?
And like, then she gets run over by a horse.
Like, just like out of nowhere, this horse comes just like,
it's, I guess it might be like a bug,
but it's like a really funny bug.
AI is never been like, great.
I mean, they, they do pretty well,
but like sometimes the pathfinding and stuff
is not really great.
And also deer are kind of crazy,
but there's a lot of weird shit in that game.
Like there's like UFOs and ghosts and all sorts of like,
there's time travelers and stuff.
And there's, there's ties between this and
Grand Theft Auto five with, um, the, uh, Epsilon cult thing,
Epsilon project or, and so weird.
I want to play Red Dead, but I'm not until it goes on sale,
which will be a good long time.
So it won't be that long, but it's a great game.
It's definitely worth it.
Um, I just, it's, it's very engrossing.
And I just, I haven't been able to work,
be on the TV is the problem.
It's my wife's been still watching all sorts of garbage.
What Shondaverse show is she on now?
She just finished season two of a Handmaid's Tale.
So now she's watching, I don't even fucking know.
It's just garbage.
It's all garbage.
Like I don't even care anymore.
It's just, it's some drama.
It's, it's anything that's got a drama in it, you know?
Look, we have goddamn fucking Netflix on the TV in the bedroom.
It's like you can watch TV and sit in bed.
I'm almost at the point where I have to move
my PlayStation in the bedroom, but like,
I have a 4k fucking TV and a PlayStation pro.
I don't want to move it onto the tape.
And you lose on the switch.
You could watch that literally anywhere.
Well, we don't necessarily have Hulu.
We have a wild world on the internet.
I see.
Oh, I thought you were watching him.
No, no.
Yeah.
Hulu would be nice too, but we just don't do it.
So I haven't been able to play that.
And my friends wanted me to get like Fallout 76,
but that game is shit.
So, you know, but I like shit games sometimes.
I just don't want to pay, I don't know, $40 for it.
I don't usually get super into the Fallout games.
Like I think Ma, the, the, the, um, I almost said the Skyrim games,
the Elder Scrolls games are kind of more my thing.
I live for from Bethesda.
I've tried the Fallout games.
I just don't really get into them the same way,
but I'm not hearing good things about this new one.
Like, I'm just like, everything I'm hearing about this new one is like,
like, I guess maybe passing on this is probably the right thing to do.
They've already dropped it half price now.
That's $39.99.
That's crazy to me.
It's seriously, this game is like,
it's no man's sky all over again.
It just seems like it was half baked.
Yeah.
Oh, it wasn't even half baked.
It was like quarter baked.
You're like, it is eating the cookie dough.
It is like you might, those raw eggs might kill you.
Like it, it's just, it's, it's bad.
It's bad, but like everybody I talked to, they're having a lot of fun with it,
but like as some of the, one of the online reviews I watched,
you know, they, they compared it to like Billy Madison,
where Billy Madison proves that you can have fun with a flaming bag of shit.
It's like why I watch showgirls.
Yeah, you can have movies.
You can have fun with all sorts of dumb shit with friends.
I get it.
But it doesn't mean it's a good thing.
I hear you.
All right.
So that's, that's, that's my game.
All right.
My gaming week.
I've also been playing Pokemon.
Let's go.
Um, um, Loki's talked at length about it.
I won't say a whole lot more except for, I like the fact that it's just basically
like Pokemon yellow.
Cause I have a Pikachu version as well.
And I saw a question in chat earlier that asked why, why the Pikachu version,
not the Eevee version.
My kids, they want a Pikachu.
I know I could have gotten Eevee because Pikachu is literally like
right there at the beginning of the game.
Yeah.
But they wanted me to get the Pikachu version.
Um, I got the Pikachu version because just kind of informal poll on Twitter
of everybody else I know like Eevee seemed to be the more popular one.
So I got Pikachu just so I could do the trading so that that's really it.
There wasn't a whole lot of thought beyond that.
Um, and now thanks to the connection with Pokemon go and the fighting,
you just pretty much bring anything in from that.
Like you don't even really need, it doesn't really matter which version of
the game you have, I guess in that regard.
Um, but I do like it, it kind of does feel Loki like a, a Bobby black Wolf
mode version of, and if you don't know that inside joke, that's what
you call like the easy mode of a game is Bobby black Wolf mode.
Uh, is, uh, it kind of feels like the Bobby black Wolf mode of Pokemon
yellow because I do, I got to admit, I love that they took the like
grinding of the catching of the mobs out of it and they've just replaced
it with the much simpler, like flick your wrist and catch it that way.
Still pretty grindy.
And I don't even do the flicking wrist stuff because I use it in handheld
mode.
So for me, it's just motion controls.
No, I do.
I, I, I was able to get the flick.
I can even throw them left and right now.
I kind of figured out how to, you just, what you do, you, you move your
hand to the right and you do a quarter turn of the little, um, no, but
that's how you make sure that's how I throw things to the right and the
left every time is as I actually throw it to the left, I do a quarter
turn of the controller and it always nails it.
So that's, that's kind of what's worked for me.
Um, but I, I got basically in, I'm only catch one of each Pokemon and
then I move on like, and I think I have kind of missed some stuff.
I think you have to get that catch combo going in order to get your
shinies.
Yeah, but I don't need shinies right out the gate.
You know what I need to do is beat a fucking Pokemon game.
Then I'll go back and get the shinies.
If you complete the pokey decks, you'll get a shiny charm.
Then they'll make catching the shinies either.
So I don't give a fuck about shinies right now.
I want to get mildly easier.
I'm sick of getting teased because I cannot beat a Pokemon game.
So I'm going to beat this one.
Damn it.
I'm, I'm not as far as you though.
I'm only three gyms down, but there's a long trek between gyms two and three.
And then now there's another long trek trek between three and four.
So I just did the ghost tower, but I wasn't able to get all the way at the
top.
So then I had to trigger the team rocket sequence.
And that's about where I'm at right now without saying too much where I'm at.
Um, but honestly, because then it just ends up being battle, battle, battle.
Like you just battle all the NPCs over and over and over again.
Like that's kind of how I grind NPCs by doing that.
And by walking the Pokemon and Poke ball, because you get an insane amount of XP
from that.
And you can avoid a lot of them too, but like, I don't know.
You need it for XP.
So yeah, that's how I get my XP because I'm not really catching.
So anyway, that's enough said about a Pokemon.
Let's go.
I think if you're a fan of the Pokemon series, you've probably already.
I always, I just pick them up because anything that you pick up, that's extra.
Those, the stuff you can trade them in to the professor for candy and for candy.
And you can stat boost your Pokemon that way.
Yeah, I figure I can always go back and do that again.
The walking Loki you get, I know I get, I have, I've gotten so much Charmander
candy.
I've probably like poured like 40 Charmander candies into my now Charmeleon,
who I'm surprised is not a Charizard at this point.
Cause the other two are Venusaur.
Yeah, I know.
I think it's just like one or two levels behind.
But anyway, um, so anyhow, talking about some other things I've played this week,
of course, I've been continuing on in Final Fantasy 14 because, uh, you know,
the, uh, the festival kind of got me jazzed on that again.
But I've also been playing World of Warcraft.
So my buddy Delvin has been helping me run through some mythics and I'll plug
his Twitch channel over at VG realness.
Cause sometimes I pop in on his Twitch channel over there.
Um, and, uh, we'll do, uh, some mythics.
I've done some mythics with him and some other stuff.
I've also been oddly getting back into PVP, which I didn't think was something I
was into, but it's really fun on an affliction warlock for any of you that are
into wow.
Um, you will be very happy to know this Loki.
One of the thing I did this week is I really spent some time with the VR
playing some other games besides just Tetris effect.
Don't get me wrong.
I played Tetris effect cause I wasn't able to do last week's event cause I was
in Vegas.
I made sure to do the one this weekend and I finally, yeah, that's right.
They have events every Saturday.
So oops, you missed it.
Uh, but during that time you can play the 1989 skin too, which I think you
unlock at some point anyway, but you're able to play it during the weekend.
That 1989 skin is awesome.
The it's the old school, like Game Boy Tetris, but they, they kind of like the
song morphs as it does in other skins.
And so it's like the chip tune version at first.
And then it's just like totally like, like drum and bass, boom, boom, boom,
boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.
You know, like that whole thing.
And it's really cool.
And then we get to the end of the stage is like fireworks.
It looks really great in VR.
I loved it.
Um, so I've been playing a little bit of that, but I also went and I finally
played some rez in VR, which was great.
I played, finally got to play area X in VR, which is gorgeous.
And obviously the song is great.
It was a little short, but here, I'm going to tell you why area X bugs me
though.
Like I loved it.
Don't get me wrong, but didn't area X totally feel like a proof of concept
for like rez too.
Yeah.
Like what?
Cause the weird thing is when you launch area X, it takes forever to load
because it's its own game.
It's its own thing.
Yeah.
It's its own like separate thing.
It's not, it's not like they built a new area in the first game's engine.
They made a new engine out of unreal.
If you read the credits, the unreal engine is credited.
So they made a brand new engine for rez.
They did that just for one area.
I'm sorry, but that is a proof of concept of a new rez game that I am being
denied right now.
It's just like, you know, the home versions of DDR, where do you get the,
you know, the preview songs for the next mix in there?
They need to greenlight rez too.
Cause that was awesome.
I loved that playing.
That was so cool.
There's actually, did you, there's things that, that, in that, that kind of
are in Tetris effect too.
When you get enough of the powerups, your guy turns into the yoga kind of
thing floating through.
And that is the same thing you see in Tetris effect.
When you're doing the relax modes, the little dude in the background does
like the similar poses from rez area.
I swear it's like the same thing.
So I think, I think there are subtle connections between the enhanced games.
I think Tetris effect is made in unreal as well.
Oh, I, I'm sure it is.
I'm sure a lot of the stuff.
I wonder they credit an engine.
They call it something like the Synthasia engine.
I wonder Synthasia or something like that.
I wonder if in the Tetris effects credits, that same engine isn't credited.
I would bet Tetris and rez X are built on the same engine.
Probably.
I wonder if somebody in chat knows that over at live.vognetwork.com.
Oh, Bobby Blackwell confirms that Tetris effect is made in unreal.
So there is that.
So I wonder if it is the same engine.
So anyway, uh, I also played Thumper in VR, which that was that music game.
That's really hard.
They call it like the music horror game.
And of course, obviously in VR, that's really cool.
I had played that once before I think Shane or somebody had brought their VR
over and I think I did play Thumper, but you know, I got to kind of sit down
with it a little more and play that game is hard.
I don't like calling that a music game because I flop that game so hard.
It did.
And I didn't get that yet, but I plan to, I just didn't get around to it this week.
So, um, and I think, I think that's about it.
Oh, I did a quick stream of Metroid, like 8-bit Metroid, because, um, if you set up
a Japanese Switch account, which is very easy to do, you just do it online.
You set your region in Japan, make a Japanese account.
It's free.
It doesn't cost anything you can go on.
If you use that account on your Switch, you can go onto the Japanese store and
you can download the Famicom game collection, which for the most part is
not a big deal because it's the same games.
It's not like the classic NES and the classic Famicom have like different games.
It's not like that on Switch.
It's all the same games, except I didn't even realize this Japanese got the SP
golf, what, how many of you are really playing that golf game?
Okay.
So Japanese got the S special golf with everything unlocked, but here's the thing,
because it is based off the Famicom stuff, Metroid was a disc game on the Famicom.
So when you play Metroid on the Famicom version, you get the thing that looks
like the Legend of Zelda, where you have your save files to select from.
There's loading times between some of the different zones because it's emulating the
disc, but also remember the Famicom had that extra sound chip thing.
So there are some subtle noise and sound differences.
Like the ice beam makes a very different sound.
Those little birds that fly down from the ceiling to try to get you,
they make a very, very different noise as well.
So I actually did a live stream to just look at some of those,
just those little, very, very subtle nuances.
But I, those, that's the kind of shit I love.
I love looking like at those subtle differences between what we got and what
Japan got because back then the hardware was kind of different.
Yeah.
So, yeah.
So I did a little stream of that and I got to do some classic 8-bit Metroid, so.
Well, I was watching, I guess they did some, um, an AGDQ type like impromptu thing
during some sort of, I don't even know what it was, but like recently.
So I watched, they did, someone did a randomizer with the, the Zelda, um,
Link to the Past, Super Metroid randomizer.
But both games at once?
Yeah.
So what it does is, is, so the way it works is basically there's four points in, um,
Super Metroid that link to, uh, Link to the Past.
So you go between the games as, you know, the characters and the items from each are
strewn about in the other games.
Like all of, so they have some Link to the Past items that are in Link to the Past
and some are in Super Metroid.
That sounds like what the Nintendo player championships thing, you know,
how like the cart would more like you, you get to a certain point rad racer and then
you're playing Tetris and then you're collecting coins and Mario brothers and all that stuff.
Like, remember how that cartridge would move between the games?
That's kind of what it sounds like, but like cooler.
Yeah, but yeah, this keeps going.
Like, so they had, what they had is they had two speedrunners, um, doing it.
One guy who was an expert at like Zelda and the other one was more of an expert at Link
to the Past and they kept swapping.
You mean Zelda Metroid?
Yeah, sorry.
Yeah.
So they, they were kind of, uh, you know, better suited at each one.
And so they were kind of doing that and like, you know, they'd find, oh, hey, here's the,
you know, here's some arrows in Metroid and here's,
you know, here's the various suit in Link to the Past.
And it was neat.
I don't know.
It'd be fun to play.
Yeah, I want to play that.
Where's that ROM?
I want to check that out.
That sounds really cool.
Yeah.
All right.
So that's it for our gaming weeks.
So, um, housekeeping, I'll just say follow us on Twitter at twitter.com slash, uh, OLR.
We're also on Facebook at Orange Lounge Radio and follow the network over at Twitch TV,
VOG Network, all one word.
We will not be using the Orange Lounge Radio channel.
We're going to be kind of combining our forces all to one place, the VOG Network channel.
I don't, I, I'm not going to say never say never to the Orange Lounge Radio Twitch channels.
You can follow that too.
But, uh, yeah, I'm going to be pointing people to the VOG Network channel.
I know Bobby thinks y'all should wait, uh, to see some of the stuff he's got for the,
the followers and all that stuff when we go live.
But I want to get to that 50 follower account sooner rather than later.
So there'll be hopefully more followers in the future too.
So, so we'll see.
But, uh, anyway, let's get to some other gaming news now.
Um, again, this week we are going to cover kind of two weeks worth of news because the
week the news was a little lighter this week with it being Thanksgiving and all that.
So we are going to cover things from across both weeks as opposed to doing like a cramming
last week's news all into a three minute segment.
We're going to kind of just cause there's a big holidays, like these first couple of
things that came up, there's some big things that happened while we were gone.
We were gone.
We need to get into, so let's get into it.
Loki.
So yeah, so yeah, like the last few steam sales, the steam link has been marked down
quite a bit now.
I think they were selling it for $2 and 50 cents.
I've got mine either free or for a dollar, um, with a game at one point on here.
But the reason why it's being marked down is because they are selling it out.
They have declared that they're not making any more of the hardware.
They're phasing it out so you can get your hands on a steam link, uh, cheap.
And I think a steam controller as well, uh, while supplies last.
Apparently the, it is sold out in Europe and almost sold out in the U S and once they're
gone, uh, they plan on continuing support for the existing hardware, but they're not
going to be, um, distributing any more of the standalone hardware.
Instead, what they're going to be doing is using, um, smartphones, tablets and other
Intellivisions to be able to use the steam app to do the steam link stuff, which makes
sense because like, for example, my one streaming device I have, it has a steam link app in
it so I can use that if I wanted to the stream games.
Although I have a laptop, so it's kind of pointless, but I have it anyways, just in
case I wanted to.
Um, and my phone has that too.
So I haven't actually tried that, but it'd be neat.
Yeah.
I bought a steam link and I bought them when they were still like probably $50.
So I feel a little burned, but that's okay.
I mean, you know, I got what I paid for and I did, I liked the controller a lot and I
did like the device, but I can't really put my finger.
And this is the question I'm going to ask kind of to everybody here.
Like, I don't know.
Well, part one, are you surprised by this news?
No.
Okay.
Part two.
Why then?
What, why did steam link?
Why didn't it, I guess, succeed?
I'm not surprised because they dropped support for like steam boxes so quickly and it makes
sense that they would have dropped support for this.
You know, it's just hardware doesn't, this doesn't seem to be a thing that people
necessarily need.
Like, you know, if you're going to be playing games on like a PC and stuff, most people
are just hooking their PCs up to their TV or they're hooking their, they were just
playing on their PC.
There's not really a big demand for playing a PC game, you know, on your TV and streaming
it over, you know, the wifi to play the same thing.
I guess it makes sense.
Like if you have like in an office or something like that, but it's just, I think people
are just so comfortable.
Like when you think about like someone's computer set up, like they have a nice keyboard,
they have a nice mouse, they have a nice gaming chair, possibly that they're sitting
in nice monitors.
Why would I leave that to go somewhere else?
Unless you do like trying to do like a party game or something like that.
Yeah.
Stream it over.
It's just the use case is very limited.
I think.
I think that's kind of what it ended up being as much of like a neat piece of technology
as it was.
I think also it was kind of lacking in not, not everybody's going to agree with this,
but I think they were really lacked in not having a Netflix app, a Hulu app, so it could
compete on the level with like Roku boxes and stuff.
So that way, if you were looking at Steam Link, it's like, oh, well, this one not only
will do Netflix, Hulu, but this one will play all my PC games too.
So this is the better value.
Exactly.
That would have been ideal, but it's like, it just like the whole Steam Box idea, it's
kind of a half-baked idea and they just didn't really implement it too well.
They kind of, they kind of stopped two thirds of the way, if you will.
Looking at chat at live.vognetwork.com, VidPower says best thing about Steam Link is you can
minimize it and use your PC on your TV.
And Bobby Black Wolf says, yeah, I use Steam Link to watch streaming services that don't
have a console app.
Bobby Black Wolf also says, I think now they just want to get a Steam Link app on your
Roku.
And I think, I think he's right.
I think that's where it's headed now because aren't there already televisions that have
the Steam thing built in?
Well, the Android TV has the Steam Link app.
So I have that for my Android TV that I've got.
I don't believe my Roku has a Steam Link app.
Yeah.
And just to be clear, like Bobby Black Wolf was saying, this is an example.
The Steam wants to be, that is not, and just, yeah.
Cause somebody in chat asked, oh, there's a Steam.
No, not yet.
But this is just kind of the progression.
Yeah.
Cause I think I would have looked at that.
I would have put it on there if they had that, but no, they didn't have that.
But hey, my TV that doesn't have, you know, Android TV that has a Steam Link app, I guess
I could just hook my Steam Link up to that if I really wanted to.
I don't though, cause I don't even know where it, no, I do know where it is.
It's in the same place that my PlayStation TV is.
You know what also ruined Steam Link for me?
The game, the first game I tried to play on my TV was that Tron runner, Tron run R.
That was the name of it.
So you remember that game?
Yeah.
Okay.
So the thing about that game level like four would freeze on my computer and I couldn't
get past it because of some weird thing with my video card.
So even when I was using the Steam Link, I could never get that part in the game.
So it's like in my mind, you just kind of associate that mental thing.
It's like, you know, if you, let's say eat at Taco Bell and it makes you really sick,
you're probably not going to eat Taco Bell again for a long time.
That's like the kind of response, the Pavlov's response that I got with my Steam Link is
that Steam Link's just crashing my computer.
Unless, you know, you do whether it's rational or not.
That's what happened.
I do where we haven't gone out to eat in a certain place in a long time.
And so then we go back out there and we're like, oh yeah, that's why we don't come here
anymore.
And then you do that again a few years later because you forget why you stopped coming
someplace.
It's, yeah, I don't know.
All right.
So yeah.
R.I.P. Steam Link, I guess.
That's that.
All right.
Let's move on and talk about, this is, I think, kind of a big deal that came out the
week we were off.
And I was like, well, bummer we didn't have a show this weekend.
So we'll talk about it now.
I'm sure as many of you have heard by now, the announcement came out that Sony Interactive
Entertainment will not be participating with E3 in the year 2019.
So next year they will be skipping E3.
In a statement that the company gave to Game Informer, they said, as the industry evolves,
Sony Interactive Entertainment continues to look for inventive opportunities to engage
the community.
PlayStation fans mean the world to us, and we always want to innovate, think differently,
and experiment with new ways to delight gamers.
As a result, we have decided not to participate in E3 2019.
We are exploring new and familiar ways to engage our community in 2019 and can't wait
to share our plans with you.
And so some people wondering, well, what does this mean for like, are they going to do what
EA does?
And EA doesn't participate in E3, but they're like across the street at the same time doing
their own shit, right?
Well, Sony clarified, Senior Vice President of Communications, Jennifer Clark said, we
will not activate or hold a press conference around E3.
So Sony, not going to be in LA in June.
That was the perfect time to announce your next gen system, Microsoft.
Which could very well happen.
Just so you know, in a related story, I'm sure people were contacting right away, Nintendo
and Microsoft were contacted right away about E3.
Both have confirmed they will be at E3.
Phil Spencer actually wrote a tweet, a lot to share with fans at E3 2019, always a high
point of the year to witness the industry's creativity and the energy of the community.
The official Xbox account saying, we can't wait to see you at E3 2019.
Reggie Fils-Aime saying E3 is an outstanding opportunity for us to share new games and
experiences with the fans and business partners from around the globe.
And that's a statement that E3 actually put out.
So those two companies will still be there.
I think the thought, it seems like the general consensus is that Sony is just kind of resting
high on their laurels and they're just like, yeah, we don't fucking need you guys.
And so they're, I don't know if they have anything to show because I think it's more
column B. I don't think it's necessarily Sony being crass, which is, you know, gamers
oftentimes when a knee jerk reactor take it to a negative space because I think that's
the reality is that Sony doesn't have anything they really, or, or the stuff they're going
to show is the stuff they've already shown and they're going to get read for it because
Last of Us 2 still isn't out.
And I don't, have they dated that yet?
This is probably next holiday.
So yeah, Last of Us 2, they're still Death Stranding.
Death Stranding is probably the next holiday.
Zombie game that they're supposed to be coming.
Days Gone or is that what it is?
Days Gone.
I think they did Days Gone finally because it got pushed back.
The Samurai game that they had coming.
So I kind of think if they were to have E3, they'd probably be rehashing a bit.
I mean, maybe that Final Fantasy 7 remake someday.
I don't know.
So, uh, I think I can sort of see that maybe Sony's just like, you know, we don't have
a lot to show this year because we're setting up for the next year.
But there is that, I'm going to be honest.
There's that cynical side of me as well too.
That's like, I don't think it's so much Sony being on a high horse, but I seem to
remember after we all remember the infamous E3 when the PlayStation 3 was unveiled.
Giant enemy crabs, $599 US dollars, right?
All those sound bites that came back to haunt Sony.
I seem to remember Sony threatened to pull out that year too.
They didn't, but they almost did.
And I seem to recall this last year wasn't like superbly well received at the press
conference at Sony.
I mean, no, cause it wasn't, it wasn't like the games weren't like a problem or anything.
I think people were generally excited about like Spider-Man stuff, but I think people
were just like, Oh, why are we standing in this barn and then going to this thing?
And it got like a lot of like crap online.
And so I think honestly, somebody, honestly, Loki, you, me, Jamie, Bobby Black Wolf, we
all sat down four years ago or so and kind of asked ourselves, is it really worth it
for us to go to E3 anymore?
Are we getting value out of E3 anymore?
And honestly, somebody at Sony in a boardroom probably asked that same question.
Like we paid all this money for this to get this online.
Why are we doing E3?
I think somebody asked that very hard question.
But then again, like you're the one that made the choice to hold your little video
thing in a barn with like a musical guest and stuff.
And yes, I get it.
The guy is like, he's good.
He's a good musical guest, but is it really necessary to do that?
Couldn't you just show a trailer and be done with it?
I mean, like who, I don't know.
I just think it.
Let me get to some of the comments in our chat.
Live.vognetwork.com.
SSG100Matt says, I think Sony's recent moves decision not to do a PlayStation experience
show.
Remember, that's a thing too.
And skipping E3 seemed to indicate that they're going to go all out in 2020.
Sony cited that they don't have enough console exclusive and things in development not announced
to warrant doing either show entirely.
This leads me to believe they are going to rely on major game ports, the handful of games
they are releasing in 2019, and even the PlayStation 1 classic.
And let's not forget third party.
Third party is hugely important in that too.
That PlayStation 1 classic.
I have very low expectations for that.
Yeah.
Let's see.
Also, comments in chat.
Yyr in chat says, remember the last one to two years of the 360.
Microsoft had nothing.
PlayStation 3 delivered and caught up.
I wonder if the opposite might happen now.
Slightly different dynamic.
Yyr to PlayStation 3, and I'm using my quotey fingers, catching up.
PlayStation always kind of had the advantage in Japan too, which Microsoft, even with the
360, was never really able to do.
And I don't really see them breaking through that Japan wall with Xbox One either.
Potentially their next system, again, I think the biggest bombshell in the world would be
Microsoft announcing they've acquired a Japanese studio amongst all these studio acquisitions
they're doing.
But we're all waiting on that.
Maybe that'll be the bombshell they drop next E3.
I don't know.
I'm fan wanking.
I'm making shit up.
But I mean, that would really turn heads that if Microsoft is going to put some more focus
back on Japan.
But certainly Microsoft could certainly use this opportunity.
Absolutely.
But, you know, Sony is probably loading the guns with exclusives for the inevitable PlayStation
5.
That seems more and more likely for 2020 as whatever Microsoft is probably doing next
is probably 2020 unless, I don't know, they did kind of tease it a little bit at this
last year.
Maybe they are going to do it in 2019.
Maybe they're going to try to get a year jump on it like they did with the 360.
They may not announce it at E3 because Xbox One and PlayStation 4 were not unveiled at
E3.
They were done at separate events.
So who knows?
So many things could happen.
But what we do know, Microsoft is starting, they're moving the chess pieces, right?
They have acquired all of these studios.
Why?
Exclusives.
What?
Next Xbox.
So I fully expect that next Xbox gets announced.
And I think probably in 2020 to give these games time to cook and so forth so that they
can say we've got this exclusive, this exclusive, this exclusive, this exclusive.
And don't worry, Crackdown is coming out in 2020 next year.
Right around the corner.
But Sony, I think, is in a position where they're positioning themselves for a similar
thing.
They're basically taking an entire year off and relying on third parties, relying on indies
and that stuff so that they can also navigate and get lined up for 2020 and have this, this,
and this ready to go in response to what Microsoft's going to do.
2020 is going to be an exciting year.
You know, honestly, in my opinion, Microsoft's not the one that stands to gain from this
scenario.
You know who's really going to gain from this scenario?
Everybody's favorite number two, Nintendo.
Nintendo.
Nintendo is going to be clean, clean slate next year.
They could, they're going to put out the new Animal Crossing game.
Probably Metroid Prime 4 happens next year.
If they wanted to redo the Switch and do a Super Switch or a Switch XL, whatever the
fuck they want to do, next year's the year to do it.
Like Nintendo has a clear path next year.
It'll be very interesting to see what they do with it since they don't compete with Microsoft
and Sony after all.
So next year's all them.
Well, I shouldn't say that because, you know, we will have Death Stranding.
Last of Us 2, I'm sure is going to be amazing.
Microsoft, it's not like they're taking the year off.
They have their own stuff.
Yeah, they don't compete unless they're winning.
Yeah, that's like, that's like my kids.
Like, well, I wasn't racing anyway, so it doesn't matter that I came in second.
Yeah, yeah, I'm sure they're like, oh yeah, we're not competing with those guys when they're
down in the numbers.
But then like, oh yeah, our console is the most number, you know, it sold the most units
out of all of them.
We're great.
But we're not competing.
YYR in chat says, yeah, Xbox One isn't catching all the way up, but they can build momentum
for the next generation.
I think that's a very interesting way to look at it, momentum.
And I'll be very curious to see what Sony does to kind of bridge the gap.
Are they going to go the Nintendo route and do more directs?
Like, obviously, Sony doesn't do a direct, but you know what I mean?
Like, you know, when they did their E3 thing this last time, they had the press
conferences happening in the barn and that stadium thing.
What did they fill in the interim with during E3?
Their team that does all that, their blog cast people that do all the online content.
So what's to say these guys don't put together little special TV shows and, you know, online
TV shows and things that are akin to Nintendo's directs?
And that's how Sony puts news out in the next year.
Who knows?
So we'll see.
Next year is going to be very interesting for momentum.
Let me ask one more question for everybody.
Let's take the focus off Sony a little bit and let's put the focus on E3 itself.
Is E3 dead?
Does this just prove that E3 is dead?
Yes or no?
Support your E3 hasn't really necessarily been E3 for a few years now.
So elaborate, please.
It just kind of morphing into its own thing because, you know, this is like its final
or one of the pieces to transition back into E4 all type of things.
Oh, that's damn you.
Because that's exactly where I was going.
It's like now we're going to get the show that E4 all was supposed to be.
E3 has been slowly morphing into the show that E4 all was supposed to be.
But now no one's going to care because E4 all is just basically PAX, but PAX is better.
So, you know, well, but is PAX better than what E3 is going to put out?
Let's analyze that for a moment.
If E3 now views its competition as PAX, which I'm not necessarily saying is true,
I realize E3 is still a trade show.
PAX is still a fan.
She's got a Gamescom.
But one of your biggest fucking trade companies just backed out of the show.
So would E3 be smarter to reposition itself and embrace this fan thing
more than they've already been doing in the past couple of years?
You know, maybe E3 the trade show is is dying.
We'll say that I won't say the finality of is dead, but is dying.
E3 the fan show is growing.
You know, obviously they're not going to bring that name E4 all back
because everybody's going to associate that with a conference that didn't work.
But I mean, a lot of those same kind of things that E4 all was going for.
Isn't that kind of what E3 is like slowly turning into away from a trade show
and competing with something like PAX?
And I'm sorry, but PAX hasn't been good since 2010, in my opinion.
So is it better than PAX?
Maybe.
I don't know, but I just I don't know.
It's I don't have any like like I never feel like even nowadays, like,
oh, man, I really wish I'd gone to E3 this year.
I don't feel that at all anymore.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, I like how video games are one of the only industries
where the consumers won't allow an industry trade show to exist
without them being a part of it.
Do movies do this, too?
Does movies?
No, I guess.
I mean, I feel like in a way, because all of it shows up on the Internet, but maybe not.
Well, movies, I don't even know if they have really any trade shows, perhaps.
Cinema West or whatever that thing's called.
I don't where they show all the new trailers.
It was in Vegas this past year.
I feel like there's a couple.
But yeah, I get I don't know.
But like, I know there's like a lot of stuff takes place during like comic cons nowadays.
It seems like.
Vidpower in chat says, E3's brand name is still important,
as non-gamers only know of E3 and probably don't know of other gaming conventions like PAX.
Interesting.
The name recognition.
E3 is the type of thing that tends to get covered in newspapers
on news channels for general people, not just necessarily a gamer audience.
Dartitsuya in chat says, does D23 count?
Though that's Disney exclusively, I think.
Well, but think of all the things Disney's been snapping up lately.
Disney's Marvel now.
So that is included in D23.
Disney Star Wars.
The latest Star Wars trailers show up at D23.
Disney is ABC.
So yes, D23 is Disney, but Disney is much more than just cartoons and Disneyland at this point.
Disney is a big empire.
So Bobby Blackwell says, I think the thing that caused E3 to decline
was making it not just a trade show.
I think in a way, yes, but I think with virtual conferencing and virtual technology being
bigger and bigger and the fact that we do get more of our stuff across the internet and that,
you know, YouTube's deliver all the same information.
We're doing conferences across video and working from home and all this stuff that
we didn't do 10 years ago nearly as much.
I kind of think that all plays into it.
I think a lot of trade happens virtually.
Like you just don't have to take a trip out to LA anymore to see stuff.
That's the thing.
Anyway.
All right, let's move on or we can probably spend a whole three hours on this topic,
but we do have other things we want to cover.
So let's move on.
Loki.
So No Man's Sky rolled out with another patch over the last week here.
So they have this new free patch called Visions and it added some new stuff to the game,
including new biomes.
It had some creatures in outer space, more palette variety in the planets.
They had new fauna in the game.
Lots of new tweaks that make kind of the game look better.
New base parts.
And I really need to go back to this game, but it's free and it's continuing to update,
making the game even better than it was before,
which we could say the same about Fallout 76,
but maybe that will follow in the same path and, you know.
You know what, despite-
50 gigabyte update at a time.
Despite all the shit that Hello Games has got over the years for No Man's Sky,
like you got to hand it to them that they are still pouring in the effort
to continue to improve and evolve this game.
It's pretty bad.
I feel less bad about them doing it because,
or like the situation with them because they had a smaller team
buying it, whereas Bethesda was like,
you know, hey, we got our Fallout team and we got some mid team
and we got these other guys doing it.
We have these other guys doing it.
We have all these people from Bethesda like putting it together.
It's like, this is what you came up with.
And I think I think you're right.
A lot of people have said that some of these issues with No Man's Sky
and what the internet made it out to be was that you had a,
you know, indie developer being treated like a very ambitious idea,
whereas multiplayer Fallout 4 recycled, not so ambitious.
Yeah.
But hey, check it out.
It's free if you have the game.
So why not?
Why not?
And I bet a lot of people probably pick that up on sale at some point or something.
So, oh, yeah.
Yes.
They sell the fall sale and hey, tomorrow is Cyber Monday.
Did you get suckered into buying anything from any of these Black Friday,
Cyber Monday sales, Steam sales going on?
Nintendo had a big sale.
I was tempted to buy games on the Switch for my kids,
but I can't really all of them were digital.
So I don't really want to do that because I need to give it to them for Christmas.
And I just haven't been able to order that stuff.
I'm waiting till tomorrow.
Let's see what I can pick up for them because they want to get like,
you know, all the popular game.
Oh, my God.
So like speaking of sort of video games, I went and saw Wreck-It Ralph 2 this weekend.
Oh, how was that?
I want to go see it.
It was fantastic.
Oh, I can't wait.
So it's great.
They have a game in the you saw them trailer called Slaughter Race,
which is basically Grand Theft Auto, which is fantastic.
But there's like they're talking about like, you know, this YouTube type of thing,
you know, that they're trying to get him lots of views and likes and stuff
so that he gets money to order this part or whatever.
And so they're talking about like the different things that are popular and stuff.
And of course, there is like literally a two second clip of Fortnite
and all the fucking kids in the entire theater, including my own son.
It's like, oh, my God, Fortnite.
You know, it's just it's like, oh, my God, did you say Fortnite?
Oh, my God.
And so it's the game of the week.
But like so, yeah, he wants like stuff, you know, like they want to get Hello Neighbor,
which is, you know, the popular like kind of, you know, not babies first,
but kids first horror game.
Babies first horror game.
I thought it was like Five Nights at Freddy's
because those games aren't really violent.
That too.
And like he's wanted me to give him Five Nights at Freddy's.
And I'm like, you know, Custom Night's free.
You just play that for free in Bendy and the Ink Machine.
You know, it's also another horror game very much in the horror games.
And of course, Roblox.
He wants me to give him some like in-game currency for that game.
Oh, boy.
They have so much garbage on there.
But oh, my God, it's all all the time.
But yeah, my no, my youngest son, my like four year old wants Hello Neighbor.
I don't even know that game.
That's funny.
Hello Neighbor.
It's about I don't even know necessarily the premise of the game.
I know that you basically break into this guy's house next door.
And I think you should teach.
And it's like this giant weird house.
You just find out what's like going on over there.
Like I don't know if he's murdering kids or something, but like something.
What?
Don't buy that for children.
It's an E10 game.
It's fine.
It's he's probably not actually murdering kids.
Or if it's, you know, it's not super violent.
It's just ketchup.
It's E10.
But like apparently you're trying to like sneeze and he sets traps and stuff like that.
And so I don't know what the premise is.
It's just teaching you about burglarizing people's houses, I guess.
Interesting.
Yeah.
So that and then they have like the Leo games.
Sia Tabiri says kidnapping.
Hello Neighbor is giant puzzle stealth.
Bobby Black Wolf suggests Night Trap for babies.
Night Trap for babies.
Night twap.
All right.
I hate it.
All right.
Let's move on.
So we were talking about big developers, big teams, developing things.
Still chatter about Diablo and the mess that happened.
Oh yeah.
Oh, still angry.
Still stuff about this.
Not so much about Diablo Immortal at this point, but talk about people coming out of the woodwork.
You know, anonymous tipsters and things like that.
Talking about Diablo 4 that's been in development and what it is.
And apparently part of the reason why they weren't ready to announce it yet is that the game has gone
through some changes.
Apparently the first version of Diablo, according to reports online, Kotaku did this whole,
you know, expose on it.
And I think other websites are kind of piggybacked on it.
Apparently there was a Diablo project under work.
It was called Hades.
It was basically Blizzard's version of Dark Souls, but it was in the Diablo universe.
It was a mainline Diablo project that was headed up by Josh Mosquera, who did Diablo 3
Reaper of Souls, who has since left Blizzard.
Although obviously they never talk about why.
Did he do it to go do a new company?
Did he do it because of this?
I don't know.
But anyway, it would have been, they say, a Gothic challenging dungeon crawler.
It was Diablo's take on Dark Souls.
Apparently this was going to be an over the shoulder third person perspective.
They may not have ended up calling it Diablo 4.
It was so different.
But that's kind of where it started as.
As a Diablo fan, I think this sounds terrible, but I bet my husband would be super into it
because he loves Dark Souls and he also has played a lot of Diablo 3.
So this is probably up his alley, but I'm all about loot, loot, loot, loot, loot.
I don't care about like super hard mode, but that's what I, maybe it wasn't that.
I mean, we hear Dark Souls and that's a certain type of, oh, you died, you died, you died.
Right.
And maybe Blizzard was not going to really do it that same way.
What is it with Activision and trying to copy everybody?
I mean, like I understand this is Blizzard, but it's still Activision.
And it's like you have a game formula that Blizzard is fucking good at it.
Look at what they did with Overwatch, Team Fortress 2.
Look what they do.
The Heroes of the Storm, League of Legends.
Look what they did with that.
They do it.
They don't bring it to you every time, Loki.
Yeah, but look what they did with Diablo.
Diablo 3 is great now.
Okay, but that's, that's a whole nother reason.
That, that is a game made for China that should have never been on the main stage at Blizzcon.
We talked about this a couple of weeks ago.
It was the messaging.
If the messaging had been different on that game, nobody would give a shit.
The problem was it was the big announcement at a convention people paid $150 to go to.
They should have kept it a sideshow and they should have let the Warcraft 3 remaster have
the spotlight.
It would have been fine.
But anyway, we already talked about that.
So, uh, let's see.
Uh, this, uh, was canceled.
Apparently there was also a planned second expansion for Diablo 3 that was canceled.
And that pisses me off because that game deserved a second expansion.
Uh, I would love to see what they, I feel like now, now the necromancer thing feels
even more half-assed knowing that there was supposed to be a second expansion at some
point.
Well, that's okay.
The second expansion will just be a part of like pre-ordered DLC.
Well, there is no second expansion now.
I mean, it'll be just rolled into whatever next game it is.
Yeah.
So anyway, apparently there is still a Diablo project that's in the works.
It's being headed up by what's left of the Diablo 3 team, team three.
Uh, and it's going to be another mainline entry in the series.
Uh, but it's still very early on and even the camera perspective may still change to
what they had on this, uh, project Hades.
So, uh, Diablo 4 still a long ways out.
And that is ultimately probably why Blizzard chose not to even show us a logo at this time
and make the decisions they did.
I would love to know why the second expansion got canceled.
That's the, that's the answer I want.
Why did Diablo 3 second expansion get canceled?
And that's, that's not really me.
Cause it sounds like people inside Blizzard were very surprised to hear it was canceled
as well.
So, interesting.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Andrade at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase TWIG.
Anyhow, let's move on.
We have just a couple more stories before we get to the classic game of the week.
Loki.
So there's been rumors that there's going to be a new version of the Switch coming out
at some point soon.
And now that's kind of backed up a little bit by this consumer service video that Nintendo
has put out called how to prepare a Nintendo Switch for trade in or sale.
So basically telling you how you are supposed to like, you know, back up your data to the
cloud.
Of course, if you're a Switch online user and do a system transfer, link your accounts
and then erase your data and then also unlink in your account.
If you forget to delete anything before trading in.
I'm sure they're going to say, well, it's because, you know, we're talking about, you
know, trading in.
If you want one of the Pikachu versions, the Diablo 3 Switch and their Smash Brothers one
too, Smash Brothers or something like that.
But like, I don't know.
I don't see people doing that necessarily like they would.
Oh, maybe Shane.
But most people would not do that.
It's a lot more money than like a 3DS, you know, or 2DS.
Yeah.
Or DS.
Can't you just get stickers to put back on the existing Switch?
You can.
You can get like just skins and stuff.
Who gives a shit?
It's just a fucking skin.
No one cares.
It's a collectible.
I mean, some people, my mother loved to collect these goblets from the Madonna Inn in San
Elizabeth, the Madonna Inn with the themed rooms and all that stuff.
For some reason, she loved these goblets.
She collected the goblets and we just like, they're, they're, they're just drink cups.
I mean, they're really pretty, but that's it.
You know what?
People collect things that they like collectors.
But the thought more, you know, the thought process is, well, maybe it's getting ready
for people to trade in their system for a newer Switch version or something.
So maybe that's going to be a thing, but I guess we'll have to wait and see because they
haven't announced anything, but it seems to be, that's kind of the rumors kind of going
that way.
How would you feel if they did do a switch?
I still feel like it's too early for one.
I'm only going to support it if they don't start locking shit out like they did with
the new 3DS.
I'm going to be pissed if there's a Switch upgrade that suddenly starts locking things
out because it's only been like two years.
It's too soon for us to get a new console that's like, Oh, it's got all these exclusives
on it.
Don't worry.
We're not going to do that.
And then we do that, you know?
Yeah.
Right.
That's what I'm.
I just don't understand what they, what they would be.
I mean, I guess upgrade the screen.
The screen's fine.
It looks nice on the 720 screen.
I mean, I don't think we really need to increase the resolution or anything.
Battery life.
Is that an issue?
More power, more graphical oomph, more chips, more rams, more memories, more on board storage.
That would be nice because 32 gigs is ridiculous.
But I don't really see, I don't know.
I don't think it's necessary.
Well, we'll see.
Nintendo's just got to tell us.
I would like another switch just so I have one that the kids don't fuck up.
I forgot to mention, so here's what I do now because they have fucked up, you know, my
red and blue, um, joy con.
So I have a set of, you know, uh, Splatoon ones.
I have the green and purple or not green, purple, green and pink.
And so I have those sitting, um, charging all the time.
And then when I go and play the system, I just take the crappy joy cons off and I put
the nice untouched joy cons on there and I play my games with that.
And then of course it put the crappy ones back on when the kids play it because I don't
know what the fuck they did to that analog sick, but it's fucked.
It is all sorts of like, I don't know, maybe if there's like crap or like dust or something
underneath it, but it drifts like I tried fixing that thing, but it's drifting all over
the fucking place.
They threw it in the bathtub when you weren't looking and throw it in the bathtub.
But it's, I, I think if it's, I think it may be dust, but I don't understand how that
thing would be affected by dust so quickly.
We've only had it since April.
I mean, it's not been that long and it's only the left sick for some reason.
And I've tried like cleaning it out, like blowing children a blessing.
I don't even know if it's children.
It's, I've seen people complain online that these things break pretty fast.
Oh yeah.
Dark to see in chat says my joy con is doing that too.
So it's just some shit on however they design it, you know, cheaply or whatever.
So I don't know.
All right.
We'll see.
All right.
Well, before we get to the classic game of the week, uh, one way that, uh, you know,
people are getting in trouble for getting their classic games out is by running ROM
websites.
And, uh, yeah, while we were out, uh, you may remember Nintendo had filed actual lawsuits
against the websites, love ROMs and love retro.
Well, apparently they've reached an agreement and there is a $12 million judgment.
Love ROM and love retro will be paying Nintendo a $12 million judgment.
How do you, how do you, how do they have $12 million?
Does that just mean like their paychecks are going to be garnished for the rest of their
lives?
Cause where are they going to come up with $12 million?
Like where, where do you like Loki?
If you got sued for $12 million, how would you pay bankruptcy?
I guess maybe that's what they plan to do.
I don't know.
I mean, you hopefully, hopefully if they're running your website like that, they had it
running under a LLC or something like that so that they're not liable for damages.
I don't think so because the defendants in this admit that their involvement with the
websites constituted direct and indirect copyright and trademark infringement, which caused Nintendo
irreparable injury plaintiff is hereby awarded judgment against all defendants jointly and
severally in the amount of $12 million, $230,000.
I am sorry.
It's actually 12.2 million.
Oh, speaking of lawsuits, I got my $10 check from the whole PlayStation three, um, other
OS lawsuit.
Oh, nice.
Yeah.
Oh, cool.
Yeah.
I forgot that was even coming.
I ain't even like Merry Christmas.
Yeah.
It's like $10.
I'll spend this in one place.
Also interesting.
They were required to sign over the ownership of love ROMs and love retro to Nintendo.
So wouldn't that be hilarious if Nintendo started using the love retro name?
We own this now.
Please give it up for our love retro collection coming up.
That would be such an asshole thing to do, but I could see it happening.
That's great.
That is a pretty good name to have love retro.
So who knows?
Just have love retro.com.
Redirect to a website on switch online.
Piracy is bad and stuff like that, but $12 million damage, please.
I think that's a bit much.
All right.
Also, Hey, if you are downloading ROMs, especially of the new stuff, be careful because, uh,
Pokemon let's go.
I mean, there is a ROM out there floating around on the internet, but, uh, there's a
fake one, a Pokemon let's go Pikachu ROM that will brick your console.
If you try to use it, it is a more sinister version of the game, which you shouldn't be
pirating the new stuff anyway.
So, you know, I probably really shouldn't even say this, but it is interesting that
people are kind of coming up with these kind of countermeasures to some of the pirates.
So Pokemon let's go Pikachu uses brick break and it was very, very effective.
I can make those Pokemon now because I played the game.
I'm aware of all this stuff.
Let's go back to a more classic time when the, the Pokemon that we sought out was missing.
No, we're going to take a step back with the classic game of the week.
And so as usual, we take a trip down memory lane and through radio magic and the use of
Skype to say hello to dark Sakura or Jamie Summers with us on the line.
Hello, Jamie.
Hello.
How are you doing?
I am okay.
How are you?
Good.
I hope you had a wonderful Thanksgiving.
It was pretty good.
It was nice and chill, which is what I was hoping for.
All right.
But literally chill because you guys are up in Tahoe, right?
Yes, it was snowing.
There was snow on the beach, which was actually kind of weird for me, but very cool.
Snow in California.
Get out.
We have high elevation here.
It does.
It has been known to happen anyway.
It's the classic game of the week time.
Every week, dark soccer steps into the gaming vault and says, Hey, this game, you should
be thankful for this.
Dark Sakura picked a, this is an interesting one because it's like, it's a modern take
on a classic game, but it does qualify under the 10 years or older criteria, believe it
or not, right?
That it does.
Cause it came out in September of 2008.
There it is.
So it's a, this is one of those feel old yet type of games.
Cause it is 10 years old this year.
What is the classic game of the week?
Mega Man nine.
Mega Man nine.
They were using chip tunes and Mega Man nine, but this was on the 360 and the Wii.
Yep.
There's more to this.
Okay.
So, um, it was developed by Capcom and NTCreates and it is the first original Mega Man series
game since Mega Man eight and Mega Man and base or Rockman and Forte, uh, that came out
about a decade before this one.
Um, it is also the first game in the series to not have a truly physical first release.
Um, it was downloadable using, uh, WiiWare and PlayStation network and Xbox five arcade.
It was now since 2017 that it would have a physical release with the release of Mega
Man legacy, legacy collection two for PS4, Xbox one and PC and the digital version that
came out on the switch in 2018 in may.
So basically it continues the adventures of, uh, Mega Man or Rockman.
And so Dr. Light is blamed for Dr. Wily's, uh, evil.
And so Mega Man goes into stop the robots to prove his creator's innocence and to show
that it's Wily who's a bad guy.
So it is old school 2D platforming Mega Man action.
Um, it was developed for modern console, but was required to go in an 8-bit and a visual
and audio style like the NES, uh, Inafune Kenji, uh, Keiji, sorry.
And, um, Takeshita, um, Hironobu who were the development team, um, you know, behind
those, uh, well, they were the producers, but they instructed the development team to
stick to the likeness and style of Mega Man 2.
Which came on 1988 and it was a pretty big success and it prompted them to also come
out with Mega Man 10, uh, soon after.
So this was also something that took place in year 20XX.
And it is also the first game that create, that had a female robot master.
This was the game that Flash Woman showed up in.
Um, and of course in the robot order that you're supposed to fight in, you know, the
advised robot order, he's the first on the list.
So guess who happened to see them?
It's versatile.
Um, as I was saying, it did follow the style visually and audio for, um, Mega Man 2, um,
that was used as the benchmark for it.
It also did have downloadable content for the game that one of them would allow you
to play as Proto Man, which he can slide, charge his blaster and take double the damage
of Mega Man.
Um, you also could get higher difficulty and endless stage and, um, a new special box called
Fake Man.
So, um, in, uh, the later release came out in Mega Man Legacy Collection 2, instead of
it being DLC, you had secret codes that will allow you to unlock the DLC content.
Um, uh, as I said, it was developed by Capcom and Inti Creates.
Inti Creates had developed, uh, Mega Man Zero and Mega Man ZX, um, spin-offs and had previous
Capcom team members who had worked on other Mega Man games.
Um, the first, uh, six games in the original Mega Man series were made for NES.
There were a bunch of spin-offs, of course, like Mega Man 8, and then the Mega Man, uh,
8 and Rockman 4K were, uh, brought out on other home consoles later.
But, you know, Hunie, um, was, of course, um, down to create, you know, something that
was a throwback to the superior old school, but that its creation would highly depend
on the input of fans, and that was a quote from him.
Um, he said that the simple fun of a Mega Man game does not fit into the grandiose,
expansive world of the consumer gaming industry has become.
She has to make games that match the current expectations.
And so he really wanted to go back to how it was supposed to be.
And the rise of retro gaming, especially on services like Virtual Console, basically
made Mega Man 9 possible.
People wanted the old school.
Um, the audio was, uh, composed by Yamada Ippo, um, uh, Kawakami Ryo, uh, Shimodo Yu,
and Isogai, um, Hiroki.
Um, they were all people who had, um, big input, and some of them were actually veteran
composers like Yamada.
Um, he had been a composer for Capcom and worked with what he called a series of a sense
of nostalgia.
And that, um, Shimodo Yu actually analyzed the audio of the NES Mega Man games so that
he could be as authentic to it as possible.
Um, as I said, it came out in 2008.
It was fully announced as Mega Man 9 in July 2008, and the details were announced in a
Weekly Hamitsu and Nintendo Power.
Um, it was supposed to be exclusive to WiiWare, but there, of course, you know, after, you
know, prompting from the fans, they, uh, brought out Xbox Live Arcade and PSN copies.
Um, there also were, um, mobile phone incarnations that were released in Japan in late 2010.
Uh, promotional artwork for it was done by I Am 8-Bit that was supposed to be reminiscent
of the really bad art we got here in the US, so the marketing campaign was meant to reflect
that.
And, um, it also was put out with, uh, you know, uh, you could get, like, a custom box
that had that artwork on it and everything.
It was pretty, pretty crazy.
And then they did, um, for other promotional stuff, there was the Ski Tank energy drinks
into CD soundtracks, and that came out also in September 2008.
It was pretty well received.
Everyone was super happy.
Um, they did not release the financial figures, but said that they were cautiously optimistic
about its performance on WiiWare and on the other, uh, consoles, and actually, it got
pretty decent ratings, um, except by, like, one UK group called OPM, but they don't count.
Who cares what they think?
There was an arcade comics, um, series, and, um, the series would go on hiatus before it
could do the full storyline, but they did release Splash Woman and Concrete Man early,
um, in the, the series.
And then there was, uh, um, another new character in the series called Vesper Woman, um, but
I don't recall if she ever made it into one of the games.
And that was it.
That's Mega Man 9.
You know, it's interesting that you say the Splash Woman is the one that you're supposed
to fight first, because I noticed in this, um, long play that we're using to get the
background music, they also took on Splash Woman first, which you might have heard the
background music there, but I, I think this is one of those games where there's kind of
multiple paths through, because I seem to remember Galaxy Man was the one that I was
told to start with.
Not Splash Woman, that was towards the end.
But, you know, in Mega Man 2, I know some people would start with Metal Man, some people
would start with Flash Man, so it's probably one of those games where there's, you know,
multiple ways through it, just depending on who you're com- there's probably a certain
loop through it, but it's all about who are you most comfortable taking on with just the
arm cannon, you know?
Well, it's who has the biggest weakness to who.
I always did start with Mega Man first, because his weapon was much versatile.
You mean, you mean Metal Man?
Metal Man, yeah, sorry, I started with Metal Man first.
Yeah.
Because he was in, and 2, because he was the most versatile.
But, like, everyone's got their own weakness, like, Splash Woman's primary weakness is the
Hornet Chaser from Hornet Man.
Yeah.
Concrete Man's weakness is the Laser Trident, and he said Splash Woman is also secondarily
weak to the Mega Buster.
Oh, interesting.
Whereas other ones are not necessarily weak to those other- to the Mega Buster, although
it will work.
Interesting, yeah, no, I swear there was a path in 2 where you can start with Metal Man,
was kind of a common one, but you could do Flash Man, then you go Flash Man to Quick
Man, and you use the time stopper on Quick Man, and it saps like a third of his health,
but that means you have to kill the rest of them with the Buster, it's not quite as easy.
But once you kind of get past that, the rest of it's keg.
Well, I always did Quick Man pretty much last, because I would, um, I never liked his stage,
first of all.
Yeah.
I wasn't very good at it.
There were some that would tell you to start off with, you know, Air Man, which I was like,
why?
But my- my first three, I would always do Metal Man first, and then I would switch between
either doing Flash Man or Crash Man first.
Yeah, I like the ones that have a little more versatility.
So anyway, I didn't mean to make a Mega Man 9 discussion about Mega Man 2, but, I mean,
since-
But it wasn't put after it, you know?
Yeah, this game was meant to evoke the feeling of, you know, when Mega Man was at its, you
know, peak for most people, which was arguably Mega Man 2 and Mega Man 3, I think a lot-
I mean, you're gonna get some Mega Man fans that are like, but I love 5, 4 is the best,
you know, and that's- that's fine, but I think generally, it was probably at its peak with
Mega Man 2 and Mega Man 3, for most people.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Mega Man 2, just, I don't want to miss with people I know, is, I would say, fairly considered
to be the pinnacle of the series, and the rest were all really good, but Mega Man 2
is usually when people have the biggest fond memories of.
Yeah, and then there's so much of two in three, because you go back and you fight all the
two bosses in three, that like, it's hard to ignore that three in some ways feels like
the superior game, but I'm not gonna start that argument, that's probably already going
in our chat room, but anyway, we got to get back to the show.
But there it is, your classic game of the week, Mega Man 9, which believe it or not,
is 10 years old, even though it feels a lot older, but maybe some people experiencing
it relatively recently due to the Mega Man collection part 2 that had like 7, 8, 9, and
10 all in one collection.
I know some people get into it that way.
So anyway, Dark Sakura, we look forward to having you back in studio soon, and hopefully
before the year is out, and we might be on our Twitch thing.
I think we only got about one or two more Shoutcast shows in us, then we're gonna make
that big transition, so it's gonna be fun.
We'll see what happens, but yeah, for now though, I mean, I have to save up some time
off and see if I can.
All right, well, glad you had a good Thanksgiving, Dark Sakura, and we'll talk to you next time.
Any parting words for our listeners tonight before we go back to the live show?
Coffee is wonderful.
Coffee is wonderful.
I just had a cup before the show.
Hey, we're back live with Orange Launch Radio continuing on here.
Episode number 753 for this November the 25th of 2018.
Loki joining me here in studio, of course.
Hello, Loki.
Hello.
What were you doing?
Were you playing a game over there during the break?
I thought you were Pokemon going, weren't you?
I was doing Pokemon Go stuff, and then I was putting my calories for today.
Oh, okay.
Well, that's good.
You still do really good on all that health stuff.
Good for you.
Yeah, this weekend I haven't really been paying attention to my diet too much, but I haven't
gained anything, so it's been fine.
It's Thanksgiving.
It doesn't count.
Well, last week it was all kind of screwy anyways because it was raining and because
I had fucked up my foot earlier in the week, so I tried walking on it, and that only screwed
up the side of my calf instead because I was kind of walking on the outside of my foot,
and even though the bottom of my foot wasn't hurting as much anymore, the side of my foot
was just like that muscle just got tensed up and winged.
Getting old sucks, huh?
I guess, yeah.
So I was hobbling around with that, but hopefully I feel fine enough to play DDR again this
week, so I'm going to do that.
I hope so.
Yeah.
I hope so.
I want to come over and play...
Oh, Nick, please, not so quick and do it all night.
Yeah, we need to pick a day or something.
Maybe the weekend or something.
We'll make that work.
Well, also joining us virtually via Skype, we're welcoming an old friend back to the
show here who is celebrating a classic game of his own a little bit this week.
Hey, YYR, are you there on the line with us?
Oh, Nick, please, not so quick.
Oh, my favorite.
That song is my jam.
That was the song that really made me fall in love with DDR.
This song is so over the top.
It's pretty ridiculous.
It's ridiculous, yeah, as video games should be.
Video games should be over the top ridiculous.
Those are my favorites.
A little bit.
How are you doing, YYR?
I'm actually doing pretty well.
Yeah, I actually was just playing In the Groove earlier and I passed Hardcore of the North,
which was ridiculous because that has more steps than any other In the Groove single
expert official chart.
So that was cool.
I was not aware.
I really would love to play Kyle's new Step Maniacs game at some point, though.
I think it's doing really well overseas, like in Germany.
I keep seeing on his Facebook, I sold another 5,000 machines in Germany.
I'm making these numbers up.
But you know, it's like his game is huge in Germany.
He's like, he made the David Hasselhoff of video games.
Well, I'll say this much.
We do have a machine in New Jersey at 8 on the break.
Of course.
And I have gotten to play on it.
And I mean, if you like to play double, it's lacking in content right now.
But in every other respect, it feels very polished, very fun to play.
And I apologize for any baby screaming in the background because she's very excited
right now.
Don't apologize for that.
And 8 on the break.
I've been there.
It was many years ago.
It was many, many years ago.
But my favorite arcade in New Jersey, the only one I've been to.
I'll say that.
Free plug.
Not much has changed either.
They still have delicious break steaks at the bar.
And yeah, classic games all over the place and a lot of music games.
Well, speaking of classic games, YYR, you're kind of calling in a bit tonight because you're
celebrating an anniversary.
Obviously, you've been celebrating a lot of new changes in your life with your new child
and all, but you're kind of celebrating a big birthday as well, right?
Yeah, something like that.
So on November 20th, 2008.
Actually, I think it was November 19th that this thing launched the Xbox Live Community
Games, which then was later renamed to Xbox Live Indie Games.
And then on November 20th, Snake 360 came out.
So yeah, it's been 10 years.
So are you here to lobby for Snake 360 to be a Classic Game of the Week?
Because I don't think January would wear.
I don't know.
We'll see.
We'll see.
I don't know about that.
That's, that would be, you know, pretty epic to make it onto Orange Lounge Radio Classic
Game of the Week.
But, you know, I'm not going to have any delusions of grandeur, but no, it's Switch version when
I see in chat.
Thanks, Dr. Tetsuya.
That's when you know you've made it because everybody will ask on your AMA on Reddit.
Switch version when it's for begging.
If you get Switch port begging you, you may in fact have made it.
Yes, absolutely.
Well, 10 years later.
So I mean, I guess the kind of sad thing is obviously the Xbox Indie Games as we know
it from before no longer exists, but they kind of they kind of brought it back in a
different form, right?
So it's called the Xbox Live Creators Program.
And if you go, if you have an Xbox One and you go to the store underneath all of the,
you know, sale, boom, AAA stuff.
Yeah, you're going to find this little tab that says Creators Collection.
And if you go in there, you're going to find this, you know, little sectioned off, kind
of like Xbox Live Indie Games was.
But nonetheless, you're going to find a bunch of stuff in there that is not rated by the
ESRB and does not have achievements or online play, but otherwise, you know, is put together
by, you know, hobbyists or, you know, people that couldn't get approved for the independent
developer program.
Just, you know, some fun stuff that was approved by Microsoft for release and that you can
buy just like Xbox Live Indie Games.
But unfortunately, the Xbox Live Indie Games didn't cross over.
So it's like Snake 360 unavailable on this, right?
That's right.
None of the old games made it.
The only chance that the old games make it over is if the developer decides to republish
it.
And, you know, they can't just go because some things have changed, things like how
the game save files, because if you think about it, you know, Xbox One works a lot differently
than 360 in that regard.
You don't have, you know, all you can have a hard drive or a storage unit or, you know,
USB or whatever Xbox work.
The Xbox One works with cloud saves and they follow you everywhere and some different work
has to be done to enable that.
And I am looking into it, by the way.
Nice.
I'm actually hoping to release my first title on the Creator's Collection probably in the
next couple of months, and that's going to be Falling Plus.
I think honestly, Falling Plus is like my Ridge Racer.
I'm releasing it on every platform that I want to be on to get my feet wet.
And then after that, the other stuff will come.
Falling is kind of your ode to like 80s classics, right?
I've played that one.
It's kind of a fun little puzzler.
Feels like something that would have been in an arcade in the 80s.
That's exactly the vibe I was going for.
It's, you know, basically, I mean, I'm thinking Bubble Bobble.
It doesn't quite have that level of complexity, but, you know, it's basically like, you know,
you're a penguin, the walrus is trying to bust in and colored blocks are falling from
the ceiling.
Of course, later levels, this happens faster.
But what you're doing is you're matching colors to clear the blocks.
And of course, every so often the walrus is going to get in your way and you have to kind
of crush him, smash him against another block, and so on.
Poor walrus.
Yeah.
Let me ask this, like, now, you know, we're 10 years after you putting out, you know,
Snake 360.
What have you kind of learned about gaming through this whole, the gaming yourself, the
indie games?
What have you learned through this whole experience of putting a game out and, you know, continuing
to, as a hobbyist, you know, put games out because obviously, you know, we were big fans
of Bungie.
Ferretossing on 360 as well.
You know, we still stand by Super Multitasking as a game that, and thank you for that.
Breakthrough is coming any day now on Steam.
And by the way, it's on sale for 20% off at the moment as part of the Steam Autumn sale.
There you go.
Which does end soon.
Cheap plug, but I approve.
Going to chat, ssh100mad, does Falling Plus have a kill screen?
No, sadly it does not.
Bummer.
That's okay.
Maybe, maybe Falling Plus Plus second mix new stage.
But one thing, okay, so what have I learned?
So I mean, Snake 360, I put 11 really hard months of development into.
I don't think I've ever worked so hard on anything ever, including at my job.
So sorry, job.
But definitely I learned that however hard you think it is to actually put a game together
and release it, multiply that by probably around between 5 and 10.
And that's how hard it is.
I mean, and most of it comes with, you know, the part at the end.
Because it's one thing to get a game working.
That's easy.
That's the easy part.
That's the fun part.
You know, you put together your concept and it's like, hey, I can play this and it's fun.
Great, I'm done.
No, no, you're not done.
Because now what you have to do is you have to make sure it works at a variety of different
resolutions.
Because if you're releasing on PC, you don't want to be told, well, you have to run this
at 720p widescreen.
No, no, actually you want to run it at whatever resolution you want.
And maybe you want it to work with controllers.
Well, okay, now test it with the Xbox 360 and Xbox One controllers and the DualShock
4 and the Steam controller and the Switch Pro controller and make sure it works perfectly
with all of those.
And if you're releasing a Mac version, make sure it works with all of those controllers
on Mac also.
Man, this QA testing is the worst.
That's why Bethesda doesn't bother.
Right.
But no, you're right.
I mean, not that that should stop people from making their own game for sure, but there
is a lot more that goes into it that people don't realize.
The polish is really the hardest part.
And not just because you have to be very thorough, but also because it's not the exciting part.
The exciting part is putting your game together and seeing it come to life.
The most amazing part of super multitasking was making it to the point where I had enough
minigames that I could create the algorithm that starts and stops the minigames.
That magic when it first worked and when I realized the concept was fun, that was magic.
That was awesome.
That was amazing.
I lit up like a Christmas tree and I don't even celebrate Christmas.
So, but, you know, then it's like the actual work of getting the game ready for release.
It's many, many times that.
And Black Wolf in chat says the last 10% of development takes 90% of the time.
And he's pretty much right.
And also, he said the part YYR is talking about is the part where Loki quits.
No, he didn't even get that far, but yeah.
Yeah.
I remember I can't even get far enough to mod a stupid theme for set mania.
Okay.
Like I was watching YouTube instead of the day.
Bobby's used that quote before and I've heard that, you know,
similar iterations of that quite a bit when it comes to game development.
It's very true.
Definitely.
So what's next?
And box 006 is just quickly reminding us that Bethesda does do QA testing.
It's just done by the gamers.
Let's be fair.
Bethesda does QA testing.
It's just Bethesda exacts a fucking ship it anyways.
Yeah, exactly.
The boardroom decisions are usually like, eh, it's not that big a deal.
Gamers will buy it anyway.
What's next for you?
What are you gonna use this 10 year of experience in the future?
Well, honestly, I'm not looking forward another 10 years so much as this next year.
And it is a lot more difficult with a baby around.
But I think what I'm really gonna try to do is build my brand or attempt to
over the next year by expanding my offerings on more platforms.
And, you know, just to let everybody know.
So the beginning of that is I'm moving Falling Plus from itch.io where it's been to Steam.
It's actually releasing in five days on November 30th.
Oh, shoot.
There you go.
Very timely announcement.
People might be listening to this on November 30th.
Well, if you're listening right now and you're in the chat room, the first thing I'm going
to do when I get off this call is anybody who is in the chat room is going to receive
a Steam key for this game.
What?
That's awesome.
You get Falling Plus.
And you get Falling Plus.
And you get Falling Plus.
You all get Falling Plus.
Oh, ho ho ho.
It's the holiday spirit.
I love it.
That's amazing.
Everybody in the chat room is getting a free game tonight.
That's great.
That's very generous of you, Santa.
I appreciate that.
And you don't even celebrate Christmas.
But still, the holiday spirit.
It's all there.
Hey, it could be for Hanukkah, too.
Mind you, if you're listening on the podcast feed, it's not, you know, all for naught.
If you send me an email at yyr at yyrgames.com and mention OLR, you will get one as well.
What?
That's crazy.
That's amazing.
You might want to put a deadline on that, though, so that people don't go like, hey.
You have until the next episode is on.
Post a form.
Yeah.
If you don't recognize a name, yyr, I need to run it by me.
If you start getting flooded with all these emails from, like, other countries, I pretty
much know who all the listeners in other countries are at this point.
So I'll let you know.
That's awesome.
So, yeah.
Everybody in the chat room is very jazzed about this.
Boncival06 says, yyr coming in with the gift for all the girls and boys.
Let's see.
Okay.
I like some of these other questions coming in, too.
Oh, BlackWolf wants to know, is it unlocked now or does it unlock on the 30th?
These are pre-release redemption codes.
You can play it right away.
That's awesome.
That is so great.
Okay, cool.
And I think if you if you want to give me money and pay for the game, then feel free
to pass the code on to somebody else.
That's that's so awesome of you to do.
And actually, let's see.
Well, before I get to that, S2100Matt is asking a question.
I think this is really good.
What are your thoughts on the Intellivision Amico and would you try to get your games
on the console?
You know, Amico is a very unique type of platform that might be kind of trying to cater itself
to more like, you know, developers that are well, first off, they'd have to be exclusive
games.
But I suppose you could always do a falling plus plus or you know what I mean?
But I mean, since you try to invoke 80s classics, I could see where something like Intellivision
might be right up your alley.
So it's funny that you ask that, because remember I said I'm trying to build my brand.
So there's a multiple pronged approach here.
I am going to be releasing falling plus on Steam.
The next thing I'm going to be working on after a super multitasking update is I'm officially
announcing Bungee Ferret Tossing Turbo.
That will be coming to Steam next.
Yay, Bungee Ferret Tossing is coming back.
So exciting.
For those that don't know.
Improved graphics.
In case we do have some newer listeners out there, for those who don't know, Bungee Ferret
Tossing was a game YYR made based off a conversation that happened on Orange Lounge Radio.
We were talking about one of our many dream games.
YYR made a dream game here on Orange Lounge Radio a reality, which is amazing.
And yes, Bobby Black Wolf, it will have the Wolf News segment, although you are not the
villain, no.
But yes, it'll feature improved graphics and also an arranged mode where not only can you
add turbo speed to it, but also you can unlock all kinds of fun things that will allow you
to tweak the gameplay and break it.
But yeah, so please look forward to that.
I'm hoping to ship it sometime first quarter of next year.
And then once I have that stuff on Steam, I'm also planning to try to release this stuff
on Windows 10 and Xbox One.
Now, I'm hoping to have all that stuff done and possibly a re-release of Snake by the
middle of next year.
Guess what happens the middle of next year?
The Intellivision Amico dev kits become available.
Now, I am racking my brain when I lay down to sleep, when I'm in the shower, when I'm
doing other things.
I'm racking my brain trying to come up with some good game concepts, not just to make
a game, but to make a game that will play very well on that weirdo controller that they're
shipping with the Amico.
And I wish I could come up with something really great.
And you know what?
I have a couple of beginnings right now, but I'm still working it out.
And I actually think I'm going to pick up in an old Intellivision just so I can get
more of a sense for what the dial is going to feel like.
You might be the first dev I've heard on a show lobbying to make an Intellivision game.
Well, here's the thing.
If you look at the specs, first of all, it has to be something original.
That's fine.
Second of all, it has to be between three and eight bucks.
All my games are between three and eight bucks.
All right.
They're looking probably to put, you know, retro inspired, short burst types of gameplay.
That's what I do.
It seems to me like it would be silly for me not to try it.
Yeah, we're going to help however we can.
I mean, we've not.
I mean, Tommy is a busy guy.
He's been on the show before.
We have an email.
So, you know, you never know.
You never know.
We can.
We'll try to help you out best we can.
So that's great.
Thank you.
I really appreciate you given that doing that Oprah moment with falling for all of our chatters
and listeners.
It's really, really great.
It's the least that I can do.
I mean, not only do you guys plug my stuff at every opportunity, but you've also provided
me with all of this entertainment over the last, you know, over ten years.
You do what you do because you love video games.
We do what we do because we love video games.
We all kind of contributed in our own way.
Hey, Bobby wants to know if he can stream.
If there's an embargo on streaming or if he can just stream it after OLR tonight.
Yeah, you can go ahead.
All right.
You know, just mention it's coming out in a few days and that's it.
He'll work in your plug.
You're good.
Awesome.
But yeah, just finishing up the Amico business.
You know, going back to Snake 360, another thing that I did learn is that when you have
a young marketplace, there are more eyeballs looking at it.
The most money I ever made off of one of my games was when Snake 360 just came out and
there were fewer games on the store and there were lots of eyeballs looking at this brand
new thing that just came out.
Hey, so you know what's funny?
You know, it's funny why we are.
Do you know when OLR had the most listeners ever?
When it was new, the week iTunes podcasting launched.
Yeah, we make perfect sense.
Remember, this show existed well before then.
We had the to go edition that was on when you had to use like Lemon Potter and all that.
All those other apps to podcasts on your iPod because there weren't even the phones yet.
So this show existed back then.
So the week we were on the store, I think there's maybe only like one or two other gaming
podcasts that exist today that were on the store when iTunes launched that.
And we've never been bigger.
And honestly and humbly, we'll probably never be that big again.
But that's what you know what I'm I'm just hoping.
I mean, I haven't been that big since since Snake 360.
And I'm just hoping that, you know, basically the reason I'm trying to build the brand,
you know, release a few games on Steam, release a few games on Xbox.
It's like I'm hoping that this is what happens.
YYR Games is announced as one of the first developers on Amico.
Who the heck is that?
They look into me.
Oh, they have a few games available.
Hey, this looks interesting.
Click, click, click, bye.
So maybe, maybe, maybe it'll happen.
Maybe not.
But it's worth a shot, right?
Hey, if we're rooting for anybody here at OLR YYR, it's you.
We want to we want to see it happen for you.
So you you deserve it.
And not just because you hand our listeners free stuff.
You know, we've supported your your stuff anyway.
So I I really wish you the success and I do hope we get to see your name on television
splash screen, you know, in a year or so.
So thank you.
I will address Bonds006 speaking of the free stuff.
He says, so are we doing QA for your game YYR?
Well, ain't nothing in this world truly free.
I will tell you this.
This is actually an update to an already released game.
Although I did fix a number of issues in this version.
The only thing that has not been exhaustively tested is the leaderboard browser.
So I'm hoping that a few of you play it and that I will be able to, you know, take a look
and quickly patch things if they don't work.
But it should work because it was just based off of super multitaskings and super multitaskings
works.
So it should be fine.
All right.
That's but yeah.
Yeah.
That's that's still you never know people's weird PC configurations and stuff.
You never know what feedback you might get in the next couple of days.
And that's valuable feedback to have.
Yeah.
And I'd appreciate it.
So yeah, be sure to do the thumbs up the ratings, do the things that will get a notice because
yeah, we want YYR to succeed.
So yeah, you're already a success YYR.
All right.
We do have to let you go, though, so we can wrap up our show and let Bobby do a stream
of the game.
So but thank you so much again.
And I know we'll have you back on the show soon when you're ready to announce whatever
your next project is coming to steam or wherever it is you go and someday in television.
All right.
All right.
I'll be here.
All right.
Take care, my friend.
All right.
Have a great week and I'll start sending out those codes momentarily.
All right.
Sounds good.
Thank you so much.
Bye.
Take care.
All right.
Take care, guys.
Bye bye bye.
That is awesome.
Just so you know, I did not know he was going to do that.
I kind of knew that he was going to tell it.
I knew we were kind of getting the exclusive on a new steam thing like that.
I knew I did not know he was going to do that.
So that is really, really cool.
Why we are to do that.
So awesome.
Awesome.
Yeah.
I'm going to be playing that as well.
All right.
Anyhow, I know.
Do you want to hear the cruel irony in this whole thing?
That's really funny.
So I guess Ragenator like forgot the shows on the night or something because he's doing
his own Twitch stream, which is fine.
You know, there's only so many days in the week.
You got to do what you got to do when I don't care.
But the one night someone's here giving away a free game on Steam.
He's not here.
Poor guy.
I can give them a copy.
All right.
He can send the email.
Everybody knows that dude's name.
Yyr will recognize him in a heartbeat.
I just I would want somebody to be like, oh, email this guy.
He'll give you a free.
Like, I want to make sure that the people who redeem the code are actually people.
Listen, all are.
So make sure just try to keep it amongst friends, y'all.
All right.
Anyway, let's get into some rapid fire news.
I don't know how we top free game announcement.
Do you do do you get free games listening to other podcasts?
Not that I'm here to.
I love I love all podcasts.
You guys know that.
But I'm going to I'm going to take the little the little promotion opportunities.
We listen to a lot of podcasting where I used to listen to the dev log a lot that, you know,
unity programming podcasts.
But I haven't listened to that in a while.
I need to catch up on that.
But Bobby and chat with the Debbie Downer comment.
Actually, a lot of podcasts give out free codes to every listener.
Bobby, to every listener.
I don't know about that.
I don't know about that.
All right.
Maybe they do.
I don't know.
I thought I thought.
But it's not for this game.
I'll take what I can get.
Sorry, Loki.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's get into some rapid fire news.
There is plenty of other stuff going on in the game industry.
We'll do some rapid fire news.
Loki.
All right.
So let's talk a little bit about how Super Mario Odyssey is getting some new costumes.
Yay.
I haven't played Super Mario Odyssey in a while.
I really should go back and do that because I still haven't gotten all of.
All of the collectibles in that.
But if you're continuing to play the game, you'll be able to get a Santa outfit or they
also have the 8-bit Mario kind of looks like the 8-bit Mario amiibo that they had.
So you'll be able to check out that kind of voxel Mario look.
And that's going to be coming soon, I believe, in an update.
I imagine it'll probably look like the 8-bit amiibo does kind of in that.
That's exactly what I said.
OK.
Oh, sorry.
OK.
So yeah, check it out.
And then there's an expansion coming to Civ 6, which is going to be February 14th called
the Gathering Storm.
And apparently it's the second expansion for the game and they're adding, I guess, global
warming or different like weather in the game.
So they have like apparently how you use natural resources.
It's going to affect the weather, natural disasters and global warming.
So you get the balance between, you know, progress and destroying the planet.
I've been slacking on Civilization 6.
I need to play more, but I kind of love that they're incorporating this into the game,
even though it's almost like it kind of reminds me with like flooding was a natural disaster
in the original SimCity.
It's kind of like they've taken that to the next step, which is sadly rooted in reality
a little bit.
Aside from the climate stuff, they also have expanded technology, civic trees into a future
era and adds nine new leaders across eight new civilizations.
Oh, wow.
So is there any civilization you can't be at this point?
It's pretty crazy.
Epics.
Yeah, like in winter games.
And this came out on the Commodore 64.
I don't know if you ever played those Olympic games.
No, I remember the like California games.
Yeah, you could pick what country you were from.
And one of the countries you could pick was Epics.
Epics, the studio that made the game.
So that's the one civilization that's not represented in Civ at this point is Epics.
Anyway, that's at the forefront of my mind because just recently Bobby was doing one
of his streams of the Commodore 64 mini.
And so he was playing because like all of those games, because I didn't really realize
this, but they were releasing one of those games like every year.
They did summer games.
They did winter games.
They did summer games too.
They did California games.
They did world games.
I forgot that even existed.
Like they were cranking out those games.
Yeah, I used to play a ton of California games.
That was on, um, I think the NES or Super NES was when I was playing that.
But then I had that on the Lynx too.
That was my go-to game on the Lynx because the Lynx had, um, it was BMX.
There was surfing, hacky sack.
And I don't remember the last one.
That was California games.
Yeah.
Uh, frisbee maybe.
I don't know.
Yeah.
And it's impossible to catch a frisbee.
That is all on the Commodore 64 mini.
All those games games are the games games.
I don't know.
I don't know what else you call that.
California is hacky sack.
That's aged well.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I know.
Right.
Well, the world games was pretty cool too.
So this is the other head on.
The BMX one is fun because it's going downhill.
So it was just like, okay, I'm going to Yolo this right now and see what happens,
you know?
Yeah.
And it's, it's interesting as Bobby Blackwell points out, because it's almost
like a little time capsule of society in the eighties, because you can be from the
USSR, you can be from West Germany and like, you know, because these games were
from 1984, 1985 when the world was different.
Yes.
Kind of neat.
Anyway.
Sorry.
I didn't mean to digress too much.
Czechoslovakia.
Didn't mean to make a civilization six discussion about California games, but
here we are.
I did it.
Anyway.
Let's talk about Netflix and shows that are doing very well on Netflix.
The Castlevania series apparently doing very well.
I've been watching it, thought about it the other day, but then my wife's like,
no, I need to, I need to, I just haven't got around to it.
I keep getting sucked into MMOs.
But anyway, executive producer, Adisha and car, uh, has mentioned about the
Netflix Castlevania series.
Uh, it really over performed.
It did crazy.
Well, we immediately got greenlit for season three.
I wouldn't have a job if it wasn't for the fans.
So congrats on the success.
I hear a lot of great things about the anime.
I will sit down and watch it at some point.
You know, I'm going to watch that ingress anime when it finally comes to Netflix.
Cause it's, oh, is that coming to Netflix?
It's airing in Japan right now.
So it's doing like the weekly thing in Japan.
And then I think like this month or sometime really soon,
once all the episodes have aired, then they're going to release it on Netflix.
Am I still going to understand what ingress is about after watching it?
Cause I fucking don't know what ingress is about.
I just play the game.
Like, I don't know the fucking lore is.
I know this makes any goddamn sense.
It's kind of like, like world of Warcraft has this really deep lore that, you know,
what it means to be horrid and what it means to be Alliance.
And ingress is kind of the same thing with it.
Like I keep seeing these like ingress prime advertisements on YouTube and stuff like that.
And they're like, I'm like, I don't fucking know what's going on.
We're seeing, we're seeing some new players, uh, pop up in the game.
So it's kinda, it's kinda refreshing to have that game kind of
a little, get a little kick in the ass and get invigorated all the free time for that.
And it's just time, time, time, time.
You know what though?
I found it to be a good, like, because I have been,
there's been the double XP thing that's been going on.
I don't know if I talked about this in my gaming week, probably just,
I've been trying to focus on the mobile games less.
Cause I know they're kind of like my ongoing, I do them every week,
but I, because double XP is going on in ingress right now,
like I have been out there trying to do like a lot of micro fielding.
I was over at one of the cemeteries today, just walking, walking, walking.
And I was, you know, walking for a good, probably hour out there.
Now granted it's walk, stop, walk, stop, but sometimes it's like,
Oh, I got to walk from this corner of the cemetery all the way back over there.
Cause I have that key over there.
So, you know, it's, it's decent exercise.
It's better than sitting at home playing California games, hacky sack.
Yeah.
So there's that.
Anyway, uh, Castlevania is doing very well and looks like it will have a, uh,
another version that's coming out there.
Um, Loki, you may have to help me on this one.
Cause for some reason, the story is not loading,
but I don't know if there's much more to say on this other than that dead or alive,
extreme three scarlet is coming out for the PlayStation four and the switch.
That's an odd game for the switch, but okay.
Whatever.
So those of you that are fans of dead or alive extreme, which is, if I remember right,
the volleyball and the titties and all the anime titties,
it's actually, it's two different ones.
So they have the scarlet for PlayStation four and on the switch is dead or life festival 2018.
Oh, excuse me.
So it's going to be a different game.
I guess that one, they're going to launch, um, March 20th, 2019 in Japan.
And it says, um, Misaka or Misaki who appears in the DMM games, uh, is going to be in dead
or live extreme Venus vacation for PC.
So there's a PC game coming too.
Uh, and apparently pre-orders are open and they have an official website open.
So I have no idea why all this is, but I guess we'll find out.
Uh, going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Luckily the chat room is really into the games discussion here.
Vid power says, I like how hacky sack in California games is called foot bag.
That's right.
It was called foot bag.
And I think it's one of those things kind of like how Kleenex is really tissue,
but everybody calls it Kleenex.
You know what I mean?
I think hacky sack is a brand.
So I think that's why they couldn't call it that.
Um, uh, like Xerox is a copy and all that.
And, uh, if you're, I remember there was some famous court case where like,
if your name gets associated with it so much, you end up kind of like losing your,
I guess, trademark in some ways or whatever.
And I think it was Xerox or somebody that lost one of the,
it was one of those big ones that everybody kind of associates, you know, uh, with that.
So, but I think that's, what's what the deal is with hacky sack in that case.
So anyhow, um, all right, let's move on.
Uh, we're gonna talk about what is coming out in stores this week.
Uh, obviously it's going to be dying down a little bit.
Although I don't know what smashes next week.
So there, there's still stuff, you know, coming out this week.
So we've got, um, you know, slowing down a little bit, not a whole ton.
I mean like, okay, so like Darksiders three, that's a pretty decent release.
That's on PC, PlayStation four and Xbox one.
We have spin tires, mud runner, American wilds edition on the switch.
Oh yeah. I'm sure we all have that pre-ordered.
That's apparently a pretty good racing game.
It's not so much racing. It's like an off-roading game.
Um, I'll stop talking shit artifact, which is on PC, Mac and Linux.
Um, Katsuie, Daphne, uh, Kizuna,
Jigoku, Tachi on PlayStation four.
It's a shoot them up.
We have, um, Parkitect on PC, Mac and Linux, uh, persona Q2,
new cinema labyrinth on 3DS arc survival evolved on the switch.
And let's see fighting ex layer on PC.
And that's it.
Nice.
All right.
Traveling over to Japan, a few releases in Japan this week,
obviously the calendar runs a little different over there.
So we do have a few releases on the PlayStation four this week,
including Katsuie Death Tiny, Kizuna, Jiko, Tachi comes out this week.
Uh, Steel Rats, Million Arthur, Arcana Blood,
and then Game Tengoku Cruise and Mix Special comes out in a regular
and a limited edition called a Gokuraku Box,
uh, comes out on the PlayStation four this week.
Um, on the switch this week, a game called Lapis Re Abyss comes out this week,
as well as Common Rider Climax Scramble ZO in a, uh,
premium limited edition comes out, uh, this week in Japan as well.
A game called Billion Road and Super Bomberman R gets a price reduction on the switch.
If you still haven't checked that out.
Also, I'm sure a lot of people, uh, wanting to check out Overcooked 2.
If you're in Japan, you get your release of that game, which, um,
I I've watched my buddy JD play those games a little bit,
but I haven't really played them a lot myself, but I hear they're an awful lot of fun.
So I probably need to spend more time with it.
Hey, guess what?
The Vita, the plug has not been pulled on the Vita yet.
One release on the Vita in Japan this week.
Beniro Tenjio Ayakashi Kitan Futai comes out this week on the PlayStation Vita.
Uh, heading over to the UK, if you wouldn't mind, Loki.
All right.
Dark Stars three is going to be coming out on PlayStation four and Xbox one.
Asterix Xenoblax XXL two limited edition on PlayStation four, Xbox one and the switch
crash dummy on PlayStation four and the switch.
What'd you call me?
And a center in Kagura burst renewal on PlayStation four ride three on PlayStation
four, Xbox one and PC Minecraft story mode.
Season two on the switch, uh, riot civil unrest on PlayStation four and the switch
pro fishing simulator on PlayStation four and Xbox one.
And that's it.
All right.
Let's get to the email because you guys send us emails and we love to read them.
Also, I'll never get sick of this song.
Still happy.
We're still going to, we might change some of the music when we move over to Twitch,
but I don't think I could ever get rid of journey to the Wonderland.
I love this song too much.
Yeah.
All right.
Anyway, uh, let's, uh, get to an email this week.
The first one is from YYR who was just on this program for several minutes, but you
know what to monopolize all the segments.
You know what though?
If you're going to give a game away for free on the show, I'm going to let you have
all the time you want.
So here you go.
Actually, and there's some good, uh, there's some good thoughts and points in this
email, so let's get to it.
YYR send us an email.
It says, hello, LR.
Just a few thoughts on last week's episode.
Rob, your suspicion was correct.
The version of Tetris on NES that was created and published by Nintendo themselves was
strictly a single player affair and had no multiplayer of any kind.
Uh, it was also hot garbage compared to the far superior Tenken version, which is still
to date the only console version of Tetris that has a co-op mode where two players position
pieces in the same well at the same time.
It's awesome.
And everyone should try it out as at least once.
You know what the NES version had, I swear to God, do you know what the NES version had
that made it like that, that part of the reason why people remember it more so it's on
the music.
It's the music in the NES version.
I'm telling you, you it's that, that song is still in this Tetris effect, 1989 skin.
All it says is crazy.
Anyway, not that I'm slamming Tengen Tetris because obviously I remember that that
version.
That's what I had thought last week.
I thought people really desired that version of the game because it had something special
that they took out of the Nintendo one.
I thought it was multiplayer.
And as it turns out, I was right.
All right, on the subject of Microsoft and whether they should care about Japan, quite
honestly, I don't think they should bother.
They put in a lot of effort back in the 360 days, recruiting Japanese developers, producing
exclusive JRPGs, and what did it get them?
By the end of the generation, they still had only sold about 1.6 million 360s in Japan
versus 10 million PlayStation threes.
Worse yet, none of the momentum they had built carried over to the Xbox one, which is floundering
there somewhere around the a hundred K mark.
Yeah, but I think Microsoft like gave up.
Like, I think honestly, a lot of those sales are like, you know how like people here will
import stuff from Japan, like really?
I think there are people players in Japan that will import stuff from America that they
don't necessarily always get.
Like a lot of the Western stuff that's developed over here.
Possibly.
Yeah.
Things like Fortnite weren't developed in Japan.
And there's probably people over there that want to play that type of stuff.
I mean, that's a bad example because I'm sure there's a localized.
I know what a World of Warcraft was.
A big example that always has come up.
They don't have World of Warcraft in Japan.
That's that's another reason why Final Fantasy 14 has been able to succeed in many ways.
It's not as big as WoW.
I'm not trying to say that, but in Japan, it's bigger because WoW doesn't exist.
So anyway, that's an example.
Let's see, where was I?
Oh, not to mention, console hardware sales in Japan have decreased literally every year
since 2006, only increasing in 2017, mostly due to the launch of the Switch.
I just feel like getting Japan to care about an Xbox console will be way too expensive
and to justify the potential reward.
Xbox remains popular in America and to a lesser extent, Europe.
If game developers want to sell to this audience, regardless of where they're located, they
can consider Xbox development and leave it at that.
And for me, maybe that's what it comes down to.
It's not even so much the fans as much as it is the developer.
And granted, maybe my perspective is a little bit skewed because I tend to gravitate more
towards the Japanese RPGs.
Hell, this show was founded around a Japanese-based music game.
So I think I just tend to gravitate towards those games.
But even in the 16 years we've been doing Orange Launch Radio, I think we've seen a,
you know, very like Japan market.
Oh, well, our market.
Well, that's a unique market to US market.
Europe market has become more and more and more of a worldwide market.
Hence why we don't have regions on the Switch anymore.
And, you know, it's more becoming a thing.
You just you don't have any systems.
You know what I mean?
Anyway, lastly, Loki mused about why Cruise and Blast hadn't come out on Switch.
I think the reason is simple.
It was developed by Raw Thrills, a company that exclusively develops arcade games.
They don't do any work on consoles.
So unless Nintendo contracts another developer to do the port, I don't think we'll ever see one.
Thanks, as always, for the show and have a great week.
Have fun YYR.
Or any Cruise and Game because it's still Nintendo property.
I mean, yeah, but those Raw Thrills, they do a lot of those arcade experiences.
I feel like everything you see in arcade.
That's exactly what I was gonna say.
All the games are out there.
It's like Raw Thrills.
I mean, even they do.
Hey, props to him for keeping it alive, honestly.
Yeah, they're usually a big draw for a lot of the stuff there.
Speaking of things that are alive and things that are not going to be alive much longer.
Another thing that YYR brought up in chat earlier, Guitar Hero TV,
that whole Guitar Hero online mode, that's gone December 1st.
So, yeah, it's kind of shrugged my shoulders.
It was like $5 at Target the other day.
It's unfortunate that the music game Renaissance, like coming,
like the Renaissance to the Renaissance, when Rock Band 4 and this new Guitar Hero,
it's kind of sad that that kind of all hit with a whimper.
It's not because of, I mean, it's, I understand it's a lot of is because it's
expensive to license music and stuff, and so they have to monetize it and everything.
But at the same time, I also feel like that it's Activision and they want to
fucking monetize that into the fucking ground.
So, you know, I don't feel entirely as bad.
I just wish it was more of like, hey, we have original music a la like DJ Hero, you know?
I don't know.
Maybe those games need more original tracks in them and relied less on licensed stuff.
Although license does sell.
Act F points out Rock Band is still going as far as I know.
But it's not, it's, it's, it's not dominating the conversation like it used to.
You know, Rock Band 2 is the new thing.
You know what I mean?
It's kind of, it's, it's fallen back into the niche thing, which is, which is fine.
But anyway.
All right.
Let's move on.
More emails.
Robert M emails us and says, welcome back.
You seem to pick a heck of a week off.
Not that it could have been planned.
Yeah, it is.
I've been saying for like, ever since I bought those tickets to the Fan Fest, I'm like, we're
not going to be here that week.
Weird question.
With Incineroar in Smash Brothers Ultimate and Desuadeye in Pokken Tournament, do you
think we'll see pre-Marinera?
I always want to say pre-Marinera, but that's not what I was going to say.
It's pre-Marina.
Cause like a ocean.
I always want to say pre-Marinera.
Do you think we'll say pre-Marina and in what?
It's honestly is my least favorite of the three starters, but I know pre-Marina has
fans.
So I don't know.
Maybe in a Let's Go game in the future.
I'll go with that.
I'm going to go without the safe answer.
Since you have the option to give you, gift you stuff via internet.
So yeah, I don't know, but I get, well, the point Robert M is getting at is that you've
got one fighting game over here.
You got Pokken with Desuadeye.
You got one fighting game over here with Incineroar, Smash Brothers.
So where's the fighting game that pre-Marina is going to go in?
You know what?
They'll get an RPG.
I guess, I guess Pokemon's an RPG.
We don't know what the DLC is going to be yet.
Yeah.
You know what?
Maybe, maybe in the future, you know, wait like 14 years from now and we'll get like
Pokemon Let's Go pre-Marinera for your pasta.
All right.
Anyway, pre-Marinera noodles, pre-Marinera and noodles, just dry noodles and tangela.
That's it.
Pre it's, it's a match made in heaven pre-Marinera and tangela and tangela pops out of a box.
I'm back, back, back again.
All right.
Anyway, um, also, do you think there will be representation of the sun and moon era in
detective Pikachu?
We never did get a chance to really talk about that trailer.
The detective Pikachu trailer.
Awesome.
It was, I was, it was one of those things that I was kind of like, that's not what I
expected at all, but I don't hate it.
I was like, I kind of like the whole like Pokemon are real.
You guys know they're real.
Like they look real.
They look furry when they shouldn't look furry.
It's it's animals.
They're supposed to be furry.
I know, I know.
They look weird.
Anyway, um, let's see.
And, uh, do you think there'll be representation, representation of that in detective Pikachu?
I think so.
I think even if it's just a little throw away, you know, the sun and moon still are the current
games.
And I don't think, I think gen eight will be a holiday release at this point.
I think let's go seems to be doing well enough that it's kind of like Nintendo can kind of
rest on that for an entire year till we get to next holiday.
They're going to do like, let's go something that's going to be, I don't know, cross between
the two, like no gen two, let's go Sentret and a Spinarak.
I don't know.
I'm just saying like, you know, cause they had, um, you know, they always do like, you
know, red and blue and then, Oh, Hey, yellow.
And it's like the two combined together or is that, well, let's go.
Pikachu kind of is flat out a remake of yellow.
And then all they did with let's go Eevee is they just kind of substituted Pikachu.
Well, my understanding is, is, but it's not, it's not that you're playing this radically
different game.
It's just that you've got Eevee instead of Pikachu.
And some of the ones you run across are different, but they're not like fundamentally different
plots or anything like that.
And were the other games fundamentally different?
I just want to be clear before somebody calls me out on it.
Let's go is also not really a directory make of yellow because the character of blue and
I think red are in it.
So it's kind of like you're going through the footsteps of what these characters went
through 20 years ago.
And plus it does have things like Alolan Pokemon.
And I think I heard mega forms are in it too.
Yes.
Mega evolution, which didn't exist in gen one.
So it's, it's very much like a remix, but it's most rooted in Pokemon.
You get like the X and Y megas for like Mewtwo as well, which I'm assuming that's from X
and Y.
So that whole thing started.
Yeah.
X and Y was where that started.
So six gen six.
Yeah.
So there's, it's all sorts of weird.
And then Miltan, which is technically gen eight.
So, you know, you have that in there too.
Yeah.
So, Oh, act deft also points out Eevee was the rival Pokemon in yellow because in the
other games you had to pick Bulbasaur, Charmander, Squirtle, and your rival would always pick
whatever was strong.
Cause you know, Charmander beats a Bulbasaur beats Squirtle beats Charmander.
So your rival would always pick whatever was strong.
But since there isn't that in Pokemon yellow, your rival picks Eevee.
So yeah.
And I named my rival name because like, I was trying to think of something clever, but
it was late and I, I didn't think of anything clever.
So I just did a God of war meme.
So his name is boy.
My rival is Mr. Smoosh.
Mr. Smoosh.
Yeah, that's better than mine.
I did it on stream.
My kids, unprompted, did each other.
So, you know, that's funny.
That was kind of funny.
But your rival's not really like your rival.
Like, it's just like your little buddy that also wants to succeed and is always testing
you.
So anyway, here we, there, there we go back on our Pokemon bullshit, but that's, that's
because of the email.
I blame the email.
Speaking of movie trailers though, you know, I got to digress for a minute.
I got to ask about, cause y'all the Lion King, the Lion King.
What'd you think of that Lion King preview?
That looked hot to me.
Recycling their properties.
I don't give a shit.
Like it looks really good.
It looks so like, well, here's the thing, like, honestly.
Okay.
Have you ever seen the Broadway show where it's like people in puppets, but it looks
very classic.
I thought that's what the movie was going to be.
I thought the movie was going to be like people in puppet outfits, but it was done in a very
like, like I know it sounds ridiculous when I say it, but if you've seen the Broadway
show, it's very artistic and very well done.
Like spoiler alert for a Broadway show that's been out there forever.
When they start the Lion King, obviously it's the circle of life, you know, the big opening,
right?
Everybody fucking knows that song.
If you've ever seen the Lion King in your life, that's the big song.
So when you see it in the theater or in the, uh, in the Broadway theater, uh, or if it
travels around, whatever, like not only do people come out on stage, but then all of
a sudden people are coming down the aisles.
You have these big giraffes and elephant puppets that come down the aisles and they're all
around you.
And so it's like, everything is surrounding you and it's magnificent.
It's like, holy shit.
This is not like your normal type of play.
So I thought the movie was going to be like the puppetry type of stuff because I thought
when you hear live action, I didn't think it was just going to be, Oh, they're going
to make everybody look like beast in beauty and the beast.
Yeah.
It's just like, it's just like the live action Aladdin that they're doing the live action.
You know, now it's live action.
I'm wondering though, are they going to incorporate?
Cause wasn't, didn't they add like parts to the Broadway play that aren't in the, uh,
yeah, like they do like an extra, they do some extra songs because they did that with
beauty and the beast too.
Yeah.
But the interesting thing about the beauty and the beast remake is they didn't put in
songs from the play.
They just made up new songs.
I thought they did.
Oh, I thought it was the one from the play.
No, they didn't.
Uh, I know, like, I think there was a song in the movie called morning report that got
cut and that is in the play.
Right.
So maybe it'll be in this live action movie.
I don't think that's what I'm thinking because yeah, they did have a deleted song.
Yeah.
And in, um, in beauty and the beast, they deleted a song from the movie called human
again.
Yes.
Which they put in the play.
And I think that was in the movie though.
I don't think they did it in the remake.
I thought it was.
It was not in the, not in the cartoon.
Human again was not in the cartoon, but it was on like the Blu-ray.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, but I think it was in the remake.
Was it?
I don't know.
I can't keep it all straight anymore.
Jesus.
All right.
Anyway, who knew you were getting a movie show?
All right, let's go.
But again, I blame the emailer.
This is what happens, but we love it.
But you see now that we've asked about detective Pikachu and now we're talking about detective
Pikachu.
So like regarding that, so detective Pikachu, you know, like it was something that when
I heard it was coming out, I was like, kind of, eh, I don't know if I want to see that,
but then now I do want to see that now makes me kind of curious.
Not necessarily like I'm jumping on board.
Oh, by the way, and this is kind of segwaying into what I'm talking about here.
So there was a cameo in Wreck-It Ralph 2, Sonic the Hedgehog explaining the Internet,
which I thought was funny because, you know, Sonic the Hedgehog is very prevalent on social
media and it's kind of funny like that.
But anyway, speaking of Sonic the Hedgehog, so I'm kind of curious now to see the Sonic
the Hedgehog live action trailer, which could be hot garbage, but Jim Carrey and I totally
will see it because it has Jim Carrey in it.
I know.
All right.
Which again, if people don't know where Loki comes from, it actually has nothing to do
with the Marvel character, Loki.
You got Loki from the mask, would you?
It was from the mask.
Yeah.
Yes, because I am a fan of Jim Carrey.
All right.
I need to see his show.
Yes, and I did see the Stan Lee cameo in Wreck-It Ralph 2 as well.
All right.
Anyhow, moving on.
One more email from Robert M.
I also see that for those who were understandably turned off by Animal Crossing Pocket Camp's
loot box, fortune cookies, they're adding a cabin you can arrange your collected furniture
in.
So after one year, you can finally have a house.
I don't know if you borrow bells from Dom Nook to expand it.
I'm not quite as excited as for the Switch version, but very interested to see how this
works out.
Like, Robert M., with all respect, and I think you're saying you're in the same boat here.
The minute they announced that Switch version, uninstalled Animal Crossing from my phone.
Who cares?
Who cares?
Sorry.
Good thing Jamie's not here.
She kicked my ass because I'm sure she's still playing it.
But who cares?
We have a Switch version on the way.
I got to prepare myself for that because it's going to be epic.
All right.
That's it for emails.
You should send us emails.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
But for now, we have some more stories before we get to the Skype line.
We'll try to, we're going to try to kind of run through these stories to make sure we
have plenty of time for Skype.
So let's get to it.
Loki.
I know I'm going to talk to you about shortages and you know which company I'm talking about
already when I say there's going to be a shortage of something.
It's obviously Nintendo.
And what did Nintendo not realize that they're going to have enough copies of?
Well of course it's going to be the brand new Piranha Plant amiibo.
It is sold out pretty much at every retailer in Japan.
And which I guess the figure doesn't even come out until February 15th of next year.
But they've already sold out of it and it's very hard to find apparently.
And one way you can possibly get it.
Well of course with all these deals online, Cyber Monday and whatnot.
December 7th there's going to be a limited box set of 63 amiibos.
All of the amiibos that I'm assuming that appear in the new Smash Brothers game.
And you can purchase that.
But there's only 50 of them and you can get that at Amazon Japan.
It comes with a box and a poster.
It's a little excessive.
I don't think I need that.
I'm surprised to hear Piranha Plant is like crazy popular as it is though.
When they first announced it I was like alright cool I guess.
There's other characters I would have put in the game.
Birdo, Wart, anything from Mario 2.
But Piranha Plant okay whatever go off.
I don't know I mean I guess we'll have to wait and see.
I think you know just give it more time.
I mean they're just I can't imagine they run too short of these amiibos.
It's not that it's just a damn plastic figure with an RFID.
Maybe because amiibos have been kind of slipping a little bit.
Maybe the underestimated demand.
You know what I mean?
They still got time.
I mean we're talking about a thing that comes out in February.
So I mean they have time to make more.
Get on it.
All right.
Rumors but we'll do it because it's coming from a reliable tech website called Throt.
And then via Eurogamer where we showed up on our radar.
But Microsoft is apparently going to be launching a diskless version of the Xbox One
in spring 2019.
I also bring this up because this topic has come up before.
Several times.
This is a little deja vu but it's only gaining more and more steam.
Which makes it look more and more true.
So get used to this idea.
I mean I'd have to see how much cheaper it would be but I don't know.
Yeah well we'll see.
Anyway the next gen Xbox is supposed to be in 2020.
So this is a little bit kind of like a bridge.
The code name for this device is Scarlet.
They're saying it's going to be sold substantially lower than it is now.
It could be as low as a hundred dollars cheaper.
Pushing it at I guess under two hundred dollars US dollars.
So I mean if they could get the price to a hundred dollars.
I know that's asking a lot but that would be insane.
Because like the Xbox One S was selling for 199 I think this week.
You know during Black Friday and stuff.
So you're thinking they need to get it down to like 149 to make it really.
So Black Friday has kind of screwed perceptions in that regard.
I mean I want to say yeah because yeah because they had yeah it was starting at 199.
And they had like a game bundle and stuff like that.
So it's just I don't want the S if I'm going to buy a system it's going to be yeah.
Because they have the Minecraft one terabyte Minecraft creators bundle is 199.
So they came with Minecraft and like some in-game currency and some other skins and stuff.
And then they had the Xbox One X for like 399.
Also Microsoft is apparently considering disk to digital which I feel like we've heard this one too.
Meaning you can trade in a physical game in return for a digital
download at certain participating retailers.
That's kind of a big deal if that's really the case.
That would be really the first of its kind to do that.
To trade it in.
And then I would assume that the company would be able to resell it.
But how would you stop it for just getting traded back in over and over?
Well I guess they don't give you as much money.
You probably have to still pay some type of money or something.
Probably some sort of redemption.
It would be like for the retailer where they'd have to
send it back to Microsoft to be destroyed or whatever.
Maybe.
I don't know it'll be interesting.
Um, rumors still swelling about the next console.
And whether it will have a disk drive or not.
The next gen of Xbox may go diskless which deja vu.
There was controversy at the beginning of Xbox One.
It should still have a drive.
People, speculation is that that's where Microsoft will ultimately fall.
Is that the next console will still have a drive.
But I don't think it would be as damning as it was this last time.
Because more and more people are going to why it's not necessary.
And I I'm on the fence like I purchased most of my stuff digitally.
And yeah I get it.
You know it's but then again I just got an Xbox or not an Xbox PlayStation 4 Pro.
And so a lot of the like I haven't really been downloading a lot of the 4k content.
So for me like I would think one of the draws I with the 4k um like a ultra HD Blu-ray drive
would be you know I would want to have those on disk versus downloading that stuff.
Because that's several you know gigabytes worth of data for movies.
And the hard drives that are in these you know like one terabyte.
It's all right for now but that's going to fill up really fast.
Especially when you have games like Fallout 76 with like oh hey it's a 4k textures.
Like yeah are like 90 gigabyte games.
So unless you like start plopping like 50 or like five terabyte drives in there.
And you know convince all the internet providers to not give me a you know download cap.
Then then yeah maybe that might work.
But I think until technology elsewhere catches up you're going to have to include a drive in there.
Like well it may be that you're skewing more towards digital downloads.
That's cool.
That's more money in your pocket honestly.
Because you're not having to sell you know physical copies of retailers and take a cut out of it.
But at the same time that's still going to be a part of it.
I mean and I'm I'm still going to buy physical games.
Especially if I find out like oh hey I've got to download like
100 gigabytes that's going to be on the disk or something like that.
And I don't I don't think anyone should like you know freak out.
Because again these are rumors.
But I think this is exactly the type of conversation Microsoft is trying to feel out.
Like is the gamer base ready to be diskless or do we still need to kind of have the disk.
And I think I think ultimately they will fall on the side.
I don't think it would be like I mean honestly like I don't watch a lot Ultra HD content
yet because I don't have anything that will play it.
I mean I could get digital copies for my PlayStation 4 but I just don't want to buy those.
Yeah.
So I don't know.
All right well let's move on.
Since Microsoft's got a clear shot next E3 we'll see.
Yeah.
So apparently there is UK commission that was looking at gambling in games.
So they're put out a report that talked about loot boxes.
And you know according to the commission says the gambling commissions
takes the view of the ability to convert in-game items to cash
or to trade them for other items of value means that they attain a real world value
and become articles of money or money's worth.
Whereas gambling facilitates or facilities are offered to British consumers
including with those with the use of in-game or in-game items
that can be converted in the cash or traded for items value a gambling license is required.
So they do see these loot boxes as you know gambling.
And even with that they said you know that they found that that 39 percent
of UK children 11 to 16 spend their or have spent their own money gambling.
14 percent had done so within the last week.
They said that the average amount spent during that time was 16 looks like 16 60 or 16 euro.
And then 60 percent of young people believe that their parents would wouldn't want them gambling.
19 percent claimed that they guardians had strict rules against gambling.
So they're actually talking about like actually gambling gambling not necessarily
that they purchase loot boxes or something like that.
But they see that because of this being more prevalent in games.
There's a correlation with gambling going up you know.
So it's it's interesting to see that and I think with other companies like you know
Belgium whatever blocking some of these we interest to see how it goes.
And I know that like some of these companies like EA have said well we're just not comply
with the laws you know you block it we're just not going to do it which makes you think you know like
wow they're really they're willing to break the law to sell this stuff.
I mean that's a lot because they're still convinced in their mind that it's not
what these companies are saying it is.
They're going to have to get dragged to court to stop doing.
Yeah it's just like ultimately they'll just stop releasing.
It's just like cigarette companies saying that cigarettes weren't addictive.
I mean come on it's the same thing.
They know what they're doing.
So it's just I don't know.
All right.
Well while we wait to see what shapes up with that legally moving on to a lot of talk about
accessibility in the gaming industry this week as there's been several different reports kind
of concerning accessibility with some recent titles including the Spyro Reignited trilogy.
Apparently it does lack subtitles in the Spyro Reignited trilogy and there are no subtitles.
So you know people that you need to rely on subtitles are a little bit irritated about this.
I'd like to use subtitles.
At least that's something that they could probably patch in.
So that's not such a big deal.
Yeah but it is also one of the things they shouldn't have to patch.
It shouldn't have done it out the gate right.
But yeah I even like I don't consider myself
disabled when it comes to like needing the subtitles.
But like I'm definitely like because I get really distracted by like background noise.
Like if I'm in a restaurant or something I have to really focus on
who's talking to me and what they're saying.
Because a lot of times I will get so easily distracted by noise around me.
Like I'm not necessarily like trying to eavesdrop on conversations.
But like I can't like I just I can't focus on one conversation.
It's what happens the background noise.
So sometimes with like even playing games and stuff like that.
Like all of that other noise gets in the way of the dialogue.
And I have a hard time understanding.
So I prefer to play with subtitles.
I actually prefer to watch movies with closed captions too.
I will go to the theater and watch them without and be all right.
But I prefer when I'm at home to watch with closed captions.
And you know some people get really annoyed with that.
Because it's like when you're just reading them.
But I'm sorry it's just like I miss too much shit if I don't have it on.
Yeah so and I do this with games.
I far prefer to have the subtitles on in games.
So yeah anyway apparently Activision did provide a statement to the blog Game Pit.
Who said when Toys for Bob set out to make an awesome game collection.
There were certain decisions that needed to be made throughout the process.
The team remained committed to keep the integrity and legacy of Spyro that fans remembered intact.
While there's no industry standard for subtitles.
The studio and Activision care about the fans experience.
Especially with respect to accessibility for people with different abilities.
And will evaluate going forward.
Kind of a shit answer in my opinion.
They're trying to say well since the first game didn't have subtitles.
That's kind of like what they're saying basically.
Kind of a shit answer.
I think that could have been worded a lot better.
Just basically like instead they could have just kind of fessed up and said.
You know since we they weren't in the original game.
And we remastered the first game.
We neglected to include it.
But we are looking to include it in the future.
To make sure that our games are as accessible as possible.
I think there could have been a better way they could have worded that.
Maybe took a little bit of ownership.
But they did not with that statement in my humble opinion.
SSJ100Matt agrees with me in chat.
That is a shit answer.
Anyway also Pokemon Let's Go.
Getting some pushback on the motion controls.
Because the motion controls in the game are mandatory.
So of course that means that players with certain disabilities can't play.
I have only been playing with the Joy-Con to like throw the ball.
I have not played in portable mode at all.
I have played all in portable mode.
That's so interesting.
Because to me I think that's one of the reasons why I love this game.
More than like any other Pokemon game.
Is because I can play it on the fucking television finally.
And that means a lot for me.
So I like to play with the motion controls.
But regardless of how I feel.
There's you know some gamers out there that are are not able to do that motion.
Or the gyro motion.
I'm gonna throw in a few life hacks here for you for Pokemon.
Let's go as well.
All right.
So here's some fun little cheats or stuff you can do.
So because in the game you can have anybody join up with you with your Pokemon at any time.
You can actually when you're fighting trainers and stuff like that.
And you find a difficult battle.
You activate the other controller by shaking it.
Then you get to have two Pokemon out at once versus their one.
At the same time.
Hmm so anyway.
Apparently yeah.
Because you have to use some of the gyro even when you're in portable mode.
Yeah you do.
It sucks for people that can't like pick that up and hold it and do the whole thing.
So you know Nintendo's kind of getting called out on that a little bit.
But there's also some positive examples.
Eurogamer kind of spotlighted amongst all this.
Spider-Man PlayStation 4 has a lot of great accessibility features in it.
For example you can you know change things like parallaxing.
You can make subtitles gigantic.
You can do quick time events that auto complete.
You can change button taps to hold like you can really break it down.
And other games have been called out for doing accessibility right.
God of War, Shadow of the Tomb Raider, Celeste are all games that really kind of go out of
their way to be more and more accessible.
So you know certainly something I think we just need to be thinking about developing
games is how can as many people as possible play this game.
You know what I mean.
There's I think it's going to be tough like when it comes to things like VR.
Like some people just aren't going to be able to do VR period.
Yeah you know what I mean.
So it's it's tough like you have to kind of ask these hard questions about well you know
how how far can we go to actually be able to include people.
You know in like a game like Beat Saber it's going to be very very very hard to make inclusive.
You know what I mean.
But I think again you just kind of have to put the question in the back of your mind.
How can we easily incorporate as many people as possible to be able to enjoy this game.
And subtitles come on.
That's an easy thing.
Like that's super easy.
Button remapping that should be like a non-issue easy easy peasy thing which is why it's built
into PlayStation firmware at this point right.
You know so anyway.
All right well let's move on.
We got a couple more stories for you guys that we're going to open up the Skype line
if anyone wants to call in at Orange Lounge Radio.
But first Loki.
We've got new Half-Life coming out.
Fan-made Half-Life of course.
So there was a whole remake of the original Half-Life called Black Mesa which came out
not too long ago.
And of course with that there was still the last part of the game which is set on the
Alien World of Xen.
So now the Black Mesa team has released a trailer for Black Mesa Xen which is going
to be the final chapter of the game which is set to be released around the second quarter
of next year.
And it looks fantastic.
It looks so great.
So you know since it's largely original work it says it'll run for about six hours and
very colorful.
I will have to ask Alan if he plans to play that because he you know he'll visit the Half-Life
series about once a year or so.
He's still on his Dark Souls.
I'm sure he's played Black Mesa.
Oh he has he has but if they're gonna like finally do that you know last sequence and
everything he'll probably go back and revisit so.
Yeah it looks pretty amazing.
Yeah and then last but certainly not least tonight I mean this is one of those things
where hello I think everybody heard this news already but we have to mention of course at
some point that Stan Lee who you know contributed so much to nerd culture you know obviously
through Marvel Comics which of course expanded into the video game universe did pass away
while we were out on break at the age of 95.
So he did pass away on Monday the what was the date the 20th just right after I think
the last Orange Lounge Radio.
He passed away it was November 12th I think was the day and he was 95 years old though
so what an amazing life I think many of us would be so fortunate to lead such an amazing
life.
Stan Lee of course behind heroes like Spider-Man the Fantastic Four the Incredible Hulk and
so on and you know he did do a lot for video games as well.
It's not you know just certainly Marvel or not just comics because Spider-Man's PlayStation
4 games he made appearances in Lego Marvel series.
He showed up in the amazing Spider-Man Marvel Ultimate Alliance 2.
He actually made a cameo in DC Teen Titans goes yeah the movie believe it was hilarious.
So I mean that's cool that you know you can you know you have a little little love between
you know the fact that he had a well he had a cameo but it wasn't like a spoken cameo
it was just kind of like a little easter egg they threw in there.
Yeah so anyhow it was it was video games as well as music and I'm sure is music as well
as comics and movies and yeah I'm sure a lot of folks very sad to hear that but again
95 what a wonderful long great life and I know many people had seen him at conventions
he was doing those conventions man right up to the last year.
I remember he was at Dragon Con just a couple years ago he had a he had a floor auto himself
at Dragon Con but when you're Stan Lee that's what you get so rest in peace Stan Lee.
Let's open up the skype line Orange Lounge Radio all one word on skype if you want to
give us a call if there's something we haven't talked about on the show yet or maybe something
we did talk about that you want to lend your piece to we will open up the skype line right now
but I'm not going to keep it open very long so if you want to get in I will call pretty soon
because I see that dinner is almost ready so I'm ready to wrap up this show and get to it.
Oh Alan is it's ready it's fully ready so anyhow while we wait to see if anything oh
never mind we got a call coming in right now let's get to it.
Hello you're on Orange Lounge Radio who's this?
That's the one and only Ron how is everybody tonight?
Hey I'm great how are you doing?
Pretty good after a little chaos during Black Friday sales I can't complain.
Yeah you know I didn't go out there I mean I went out to go play video games but I didn't
I didn't fight any of the traffic at malls or things like that on Black Friday I just kind of
I kind of uh it was a normal day for well I had to work on Black Friday I don't even I don't work
retail or any of that stuff I mean you brave souls that do uh but I work an office job but
just the nature of my industry we had to be open on Friday so.
Well that's understandable so I get that.
So it's just another day for me but how was how was your weekend adventure with
all that getting any good deals?
Uh that's Spider-Man PlayStation 4 for $200 my dude.
So how are you liking PlayStation 4?
I just hooked it up it's as it's updating you open the Skype license I kind of did a backflip
from my TV over to the chair.
So a little too early to tell huh?
Yes despite the drama behind me getting it I I'm good.
Um so you picked up not just the Spider-Man that's included right but I saw because you
you gave me a shout out on Twitter thank you because you picked up Tetris Effect right?
Yes I did.
Yeah well and where's my kickback from enhanced games where's that all right uh and then you
picked up one other thing too right the Kingdom Hearts thing right?
And I actually traded in the Spider-Man game and got um Dragon Quest 11.
That's fun oh so you didn't even want the Spider-Man game?
For giving me reasons I'm like you have to understand something.
I have a very eclectic taste in video games like I can't stand a lot of RTS type games
but I can sit there and play Command and Conquer the Age of Series the Project Crow I can sit
there play those all day I'll stare at Final Fantasy Tactics go two rounds like I'm done
with this all right very eclectic taste.
That's why I consider myself pretty eclectic when it comes to games too but you know there's
certain things that I'm just never gonna gel with like Call of Duty but even then like
I watch other people play it and I go this is pretty.
I will sit there and play Battlefield I picked up Battlefield because it was free I'm like
I won't pay $60 for it I might pay $10 but you know free free is free.
Yeah free is free.
I didn't want to go on about uh my PS4 I'm just here to back up a lot of what you said
about E3 okay I'm walking home I'm screaming to the world that you are preaching the gospel
about E3 and PAX and all of that I'm like this is part of the reason why I stopped going to PAX.
And you care to elaborate what do you what do you think I got right on this?
It's not fun anymore PAX was fan run now it's industry run I have heard from people that
you can't get as much free swag anymore it's harder to get badges it's more of a glorified
dealers hall than anything else I mean with the way technology is going the fact that Sony's
off doing their own thing it's not surprising everybody else is plus the fact that you have
like smaller gaming conventions popping up and indie companies are going to and sometimes you
might find a third-party company going to showing stuff off and also let's say there is this awesome
game coming out at E3 and you have to be one of the elite few to try it out you ain't got to worry
about that because if you wait a few weeks that company Sony EA whoever will be at New York comic
con with the game and you can hop on the line and play it then or this convention where you can hop
on the line and play it then or you just watch it all on YouTube we don't even have to wait at all.
Exactly I mean I had a friend who was all hyped about going to E3 last year she hasn't mentioned
anything about going this year because even though they opened it up to the general public
a lot of convention goers are not used to have E3 runs yes I'm gonna go to like comic cons
and and other stuff where it kind of closes at eight you saw panels going on like 10 o'clock
oh yeah but E3 there really is no panels it's just rows of demos and other stuff and then it's over
you can find your friends or see if you can get into an industry party or something like that
you know even this Final Fantasy thing was over at six o'clock Friday and Saturday so it was
no more like eight o'clock because the concerts but still kind of left that whole evening where
it's like well what do we do now oh well at least we're in Las Vegas and we can hang with
our guildies you know what I mean so there's that so you know I do I do want to point out
though just just to be clear you know you know the moment when E3 I kind of had my aha moment about
I'm not sure this is worth the money to come down here and take off work for this anymore you know
when the moment was well it was the year the last year I went when we were basically we had to
justify ourselves as a legitimate press outlet to get tickets to this Assassin's Creed theater
experience wait in line once we have tickets to get in the Assassin's Creed thing finally watch
the thing which looked neat I was you know I'm not even a huge Assassin's Creed person and I was like
oh I was into it and then come to find out the whole thing's on YouTube already so that thing I
had to fight and wait in line for it was just there on YouTube going to see it Rob you see it
right now but I'm rolling my eyes so hard in the back of my head about that I'm like are you fucking
kidding but that's that's the reality of you know a big piece of where E3 kind of lost its luster
where I'm like again if I could just watch this on YouTube why am I coming down here to spend all
this money you know it's that's what it is and the fact that it's just crowds and you know I
already said it if I have to take personal time off to sit in front of my computer to get my
tickets my hotel rooms if I gotta get a squad together to do that that's it to me the convention
is not worth going through that for I refuse yeah so and Bobby kind of says in chat you know kind
of a hits home type of comment I gave up on E3 when they told me I wasn't legit anymore even
with my LLC in my audience I got tired of fighting Pax said the same thing to me and I gave up on them
too but I remember when Bobby put together at Pax the little indie podcast alley one year at Pax
that was through the whole all games thing that we had one year when we were with them
so it's crazy to me how like that attitude is gone see you know I feel you I used to be able
to do press for Comic-Con but as it would more industry when they denied me I said it ain't worth
it they told me I did not have enough hits on my site for them to give me a press pass and it's not
like it's not like I don't want to make this clear because I don't want people being like oh they're
whining or it's the ego or something like that it's not really that but it's this whole thing
where it's like well if you don't want me why am I going to bother going and I just I get so much
more out of fan run expos that's why I love Dragon Con fan run magfest was a lot of fun fan fan run
like I'm just getting more rewards being a loud ass fan which I think is a good way to describe
a podcaster or a twitch streamer a loud ass fan exactly we tend to succeed at fan cons oh speaking
let me tell you this quick story let me get out of here there's a small local convention
I kind of had a I guess a one-sided argument with them they denied me press I'm just like can you
tell me the reason why because I like to know why that way I can fix things for the following year
learn from that you know they told me that my press site wasn't good enough because we're not
like the local newspaper or the tv station I'm sorry abc is not going to send a newsman to your
little podoc convention to do coverage when a local newspaper does that they're going to
write up a little page little story two pictures tops you got small press lights like myself that
will go around and take hundreds of pictures interview all these people and put all this
content up ab abc is going to come out there and get pictures of all the people in costume and be
look what's going on at the hilton this week and then they'll show you know people dressed
in costume behind the current temperatures that's what's gonna happen mm-hmm well anyway
all right uh rama I'm gonna let you go to see if we get any more calls in but any other thoughts
for our listeners tonight um I don't have any right now but it is what it is all right well
take care of my friend youtube brother all right bye all right uh orange lounge radio all one word
on skype bob bobbie's popping off in chat but he sees right on the money bobbie says my favorite
pack story was that they invited rob and i to be on a panel about building a podcast community
they removed the panel from the schedule and then denied us press passes i i forgot that that
happened because that was so shitty i don't have i i honestly don't have another word for it sorry
and maybe that explains where some of my bitterness from packs comes from but that was so shitty like
or wasn't there like a year where they like denied a press passes or something even though
like we were part of like the microsoft you know like we had our icon stuff the podcasting
communities like we had our own you know i'm sure that was e3 or gamertag ridiculous uh but we you
know we're we're recognized we see we have our own thing on xbox you get your own gamertag with our
picture you know what and i remember that because bobbie says we we had a listener who bought extra
passes sold us to face value because we had already booked the travel and hotel that's why
it was so shitty because i'd already spent my money to go out there so i could be on this
fucking panel and then they didn't even end up doing it so whatever you know what i'm doing
great panels at other cons so that's that but that was i mean what else would you call it we
booked travel and hotel and then we can't even get tickets because they pulled it at the last minute
and then god yeah i don't even know if i ever really i i don't i don't know if i ever properly
popped off on that on the show because i was still trying to maintain some sense of you know
professionalism oh maybe we'll give you invited back next year but in my old age i give less and
less of a fuck so there you go that's that's the real tea on what happened with uh packs but then
i mean we were there and not only is that like in the back of my head but just the whole time
i'm at this convention going this solo sucks anyway except packs that's what that's kind of
just how that year was for me except the people the people are awesome and the people are wonderful
and all that so all right uh let's see we'll give one more chance for any calls to come in at orange
lounge radio all one word on uh skype uh meanwhile while we wait for that call to come in uh loki any
other last minute stories to talk about no i didn't have anything but i did see like you know
rumor thread or whatever talking about the whole sony not going to um you know e3 and stuff like
that and the one the rumors was well you know those games they've been showing off at e3 last
year well those are all going to be launch titles for the new system so they can't really show off
those again because it's going to be i don't know that they might move those to launch titles but
i would say then what the hell's going to come out in 2019 which no i don't i don't understand i
mean you might have something that kind of does both like especially if playstation 5 is backwards
compatible with playstation 4 titles then you which i like sony backwards compatible look i know
bitch but i hope sony's fucking figure that out at this point right but it's kind of like when like
when the weu came out i feel like there were still some last minute we games they were kind of like
trying to push like oh but you can play them on the weu so they're for both systems like wasn't
that when finally like the operation rainfall shit started coming out like the the which i
don't even remember all those games now isn't that horrible like the the tower pandora's tower was
that one of the games i don't remember the guardian i can't even remember those games
somebody in chow helped me out but like all those games were like finally coming out at the end of
wheeze run and so they were kind of like saying well they're kind of like also launch titles for
the weu and that whole thing oh yeah and bobby blackwell points out breath of the wild was still
on weu that's right thank you act deft uh tower of pandora the last story and zena blake chronicle
so i was close it was close all right well no other calls are coming in so i think that is
going to end it for the skype line tonight but thank you guys so much uh those that got through
and um you know if you want to send us an email you can always do that participate at orange
lounge radio dot com but for now we're gonna wrap up tonight's show it's a little after nine
o'clock anyway it's it's time for us to be done uh thanks for coming back uh this week with us
after we missed last week we'll continue to be here throughout the holidays thankfully the big
holidays are on like tuesdays this year so we should still be here on sundays and pushing
through with our big a lot of changes here at olr headquarters ourselves so really excited about
that thank you as always for listening to our show if you enjoyed what you heard here at orange
lounge radio please tell a friend or two about the show help us spread the word because we are
the show where every gamer has a voice but you know the voices kind of like have to be here to
put out on air and all that good stuff so uh help us spread the word we'd really appreciate it uh
let's go around and get everybody's final thought uh my final thought tonight is dinner's getting
cold we need to wrap this up loki your final thought tonight well it's not tomorrow a week
from tomorrow i get jury duty oh boy i am not looking for that you know best to get it around
the holidays though because it's gonna be like so much time off then you're less likely to get those
trials that are gonna go on and on and on and on um yeah it's just it's a it's just an inconvenience
because i'm normally the one who drops off the kids so i'm not inconvenienced you know so i'm
not give me the one normally like last time i had jury duty i was in the call center so i was like
let's let's get on the fucking longest trial in the face of the earth you know because i don't
want to go back to the call center and now i'm not in the call center so it sucks again i haven't
been on jury duty so i was on a jury in 2006 right for like probably about two weeks and then i i got
it again the next year and i haven't gotten it since knock on wood yeah because uh yeah i'm no
there might have been one time since then i think when i was working in my current employer i got
the notice but like it was one of those my group number never got called in well we'll see i don't
know if i have to go in yet um you know it's since it's on a monday i'll find out i guess on
that friday or this friday so we'll see but it sucks it's just like it's an inconvenience because
it's in the middle of sacramento if it was like you know elk placerville or something like that
would be some big deal but whatever uh st100 matt says damn i remember that trial rob was on i feel
old uh st100 matt you are i wish i could say something comforting but that was 2006 you have
been a long time supporter of the show and we appreciate you we appreciate all of you and thanks
so much to all of you for listening tonight and those of you uh that get a chance to check out
yyrs game thanks again so much for that that was a really pleasant surprise i appreciate that hope
you all had a great holiday we'll see you in seven days we'll do it again next time here at orange
lounge radio have a wonderful night everybody we'll see you next week you've been listening to
orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is a production of olr studios to join us for a live
show tune into vog network.com sunday nights at 6 pm pacific 9 pm eastern the views and opinions
expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio
or vog network but you know they were all still true
see you next week
you
