A delayed game is eventually good, but a bad game is bad forever.
Accepted as fact, touted as pure truth, and said it in error when it was relevant.
The quote is slightly modified from its possible original form, but bad games have lately surmounted their forever bad status.
No Man's Sky, Final Fantasy XIV's original release, Cyberpunk 2077, and now the Grand Theft Auto trilogy.
This is the 640k of Memory Intro.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about this bug fix and the rest of the week's gaming news.
Starting right now on the show, wherever a gamer has a voice...
Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio Live once again here on Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com or twitch.tv slash vognetwork with episode number 1025 of our show taping on November the 17th of 2024.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Yeah, but you know, I just realized that it's usually around this time of year that I lose my voice anyway.
And it's inexplicable.
I don't know why, but in this case, I had a sinus infection that was paired with a really bad cold.
And I'm still hacking up the stuff.
I was going to suggest tying it back to something that was discussed on Bobby's show this evening because we do tape live at VOG Network after Bobby Blackwolf every Sunday night at 9 Eastern.
Maybe you are allergic to people putting up their holiday lights before Thanksgiving.
I could have told you that.
So you are also in agreement.
Keep the lights in the box until after Thanksgiving.
Except for my neighbor that has the Christmas dragon.
They're allowed.
Dragons are accepted.
Dragons are accepted.
But, I mean, I still have my Halloween welcome mat that's a big spider web still on my front porch.
I haven't put away stuff yet.
A welcome mat is not the biggest crime in the world.
If you want to give off Addams Family vibes 24 hours a day, 365 a year, I don't think... There's a fine line between holiday decorations and just Addams Family vibes.
And I think it's fine to give off the Addams Family vibes.
After Halloween, I go to Spirit and Joanne's and all that and pick up decorations for the house year-round on discounts.
Actually...
I have two things in my bathroom.
I would say two-thirds of the people I know involved with the Rocky Horror Picture Show say the exact same thing.
One of the things that I'm really happy about is I have a toilet with a gravestone and then I have a skeleton leaning on a toilet checking her phone.
and so those will be permanent in my bathroom.
Love it.
And then I have my my skeletons doing yoga and I paint them just with an iridescent gloss so they kind of shimmer.
They're in my cube at work.
I haven't taken down any of my decorations at work.
Then again, I haven't been there.
And SSJ100 Matt, you know what?
I don't have to deal with an HOA so fuck them and fuck their rules so SJ100 Matt bringing up if you're part of an HOA you better get those decorations down before you get ridiculously fined yeah that's a thing that's been good because unfortunately as a newer you know house I do have one of those and it's the most annoying thing about living here but it is what it is so
I don't want to live somewhere where other people dictate to me what my home that I have paid for looks like.
I view this as a stepping stone to our forever home.
So let's see, looking in chat, some other questions.
Yeah, I love, Bobby was telling me about how his was set up and he says, my HOA is the best.
It's just a social HOA and has no architectural components.
Covenants?
Covenants.
So, sorry, my eyesight's going bad today.
So, they basically, like, they all pay for a pool, basically, but they don't do anything with, like, what your house has to look like, which is, I'm okay with that.
I'm okay with, like, a community pool, I guess.
We have a community pool here.
I don't use it because it's a pee-pee pool.
Like, I just know it's a toilet for kids, so I don't want to swim in it.
That's what chlorine is for.
Not enough.
I'm joking.
There's not enough.
Gross.
Let's see.
So some other comments from chat.
Phil of Nine in chat says, Joanne's was a slay this holiday season, though.
Or Halloween season.
Sorry, specifically Halloween holiday.
The only holiday I recognize.
Personally.
My voice, though, is extra rough today because I went to see Eddie Izzard.
Professionally, Eddie Izzard.
Personally, Susie Izzard.
for the retrospective comedy show and they filled the place with so much smoke machine smoke that my cough actually came back hardcore.
What does Eddie Izzard need a smoke machine for?
I don't know, maybe it was Davis' idea?
Okay, who knows, yeah.
But it was such a good show, and touching back on previous sketches, there was Cake or Death.
of course you don't do the greatest hits without cake or death there was another one that I loved but the flag did not happen that's okay but it was really good and if that tour is going anywhere that you are I don't want to spoil it for anybody just go see it it was really really good she was in full form amazing full of energy bouncing all over the stage also her legs looked really good I'm just going to say that right now
and thank you for clarifying the name because I actually didn't know like what so Eddie Izzard's like a drag name at this point basically so it's like professional on stage name okay um but uh but yeah totally absolutely worth it I had such a good time um and all the people that were sitting between me and my friend Danielle they moved so Danielle could sit by me and we uh had grown-up drinks and laughed and
The people sitting next to us on the other side were also really cool because they graduated the same year I did and we were all just talking about all this stuff.
It was great.
All right.
All right.
Well, I got to get over to... So we may be hearing from Jamie a little less tonight to let her voice relax so she won't be doing as many stories, but we will be checking with the Classic Game of the Week.
And of course, if she has an opinion, she's going to let you know.
So she just might have to put up her hand or something if we can't hear her.
But I'm sure it'll be fine.
Alright, let's see.
I also want to make sure we introduce Techmaster Loki because we got another comment in chat over at Twitch.com slash VOG Network that says, what the hell is this thing Loki has on?
So you have a game playing behind you tonight.
It definitely looks like some kind of meme thing that I'm not familiar with.
What is this meme game you got?
So it's just something I saw on the Steam store when I was looking at what came out recently and I had to...
I had to have it.
It's actually supposed to be a pretty decent shooter and it's got the name you would expect it to have.
So the full name, and I'm going to read it, is extremely long.
It is, because it's all the most awesome memes, right?
420 Blaze It 2 Game of the Year, Dank Dreams and Goated Memes, hashtag wow out of 11, like and subscribe, Poggers Edition is the full name of that game.
I would have thought you made it, to be quite honest.
If you told me that was a game on Steam, I would have been like, did Loki make that?
I wish.
All that's missing is Sephiroth.
I guess that's probably a trademark name, so I probably can't use it.
But that's, yeah.
Yeah, I mean, it's supposed to be pretty good.
I didn't think Sephiroth could be trademarked because it's actually a religious term.
Oh, interesting.
It is part of the Kabbalah.
Oh, maybe it can't then.
Okay, well, anyway.
Then that's what is missing.
FifthDream in chat says, I've gone so long without hearing Dank.
Streak is broken.
So is this old and moldy memes, Loki, or is this like really funny stuff?
It's supposed to be like 2014 memes, I think.
It's a sequel to a game that came out in 2014, and I don't really understand what the reference is to a lot of this stuff.
It's a bunch of visual vomit.
But it's apparently a competent shooter, and that it's executing its theme
well i guess i don't know it's got mostly positive reviews so so if it's 24 it's not going to have like the newer memes like skibbity toilet or you know i don't know no it's got like thomas the tank engine shrek okay dabbing stuff like that okay oh that definitely that sounds 2014 found any macho man i mean i don't know it it's got it's got a lot of
I don't know what's going on.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
But it's interestingly enough caused a lot of comments.
I feel like Xbox and Microsoft have been making a lot of announcements this week because we have a lot of stuff coming out of Blizzard this week too.
We'll get to later in the show.
But here at the top of the show, Loki, a lot of stuff coming out of Xbox.
Kind of randomly some different offhanded comments this week in the wake of the PS5 Pro, right?
So essentially, you know,
they're saying that the right now they're not really they think about hardware you know and how they can create unique value for players and as far as like you know does it make sense to put new hardware out obviously they are working on new hardware um but they said they don't want to do incremental hardware um right now um they have to essentially
Work on hardware that's going to make, I guess, Xbox the best it could be, instead of just like, well, this console has slightly more storage.
Although, that said, they just did that, so... I mean, it's not new hardware, but it's hardware that's a different skew, that has more storage.
The hardware is kind of experimental.
They're like, well, we don't want to do that, but then also, we are doing that.
I think what they're talking about is more of like performance, you know, with the PlayStation 5 Pro.
That would get very confusing with Xbox series games or whatever.
It's like, well, now you have three different tiers that you're targeting for, like...
as a developer to make things even more complicated.
So I don't know.
I understand that.
He says, you know, we're not going to grow the market with $1,000 consoles is another thing that basically that they want the price point of a new console to make sense for people buying those because it is, especially when you're talking about like, you know, PlayStation VR 2 and the PlayStation 5, you know, you add that all together, you are getting...
Pretty high prices.
Just to experience PlayStation VR 2 games, which, I mean, there's not a lot of those, and I don't know how well they're supporting it.
It may go the way of the Vita.
Who knows?
Although they are saying, you know, some other questions that were asked to Phil Spencer talking about, of course, you know, this multi-platform strategy that they have and saying that, you know, there's no red line with exclusives.
Essentially that, you know, even something like Halo could possibly make it to other platforms.
Yeah.
so that's interesting, he says I do not see sort of red lines with their portfolio that you must not do that it's too early to make any sort of decisions on the next version though of Halo probably because it's nowhere near done yet and we don't even know what the landscape is going to look like then and you know, hey, by then maybe we can target the next Nintendo console if it's powerful enough, who knows and then of course keeping the hope alive I guess
talking about how they're working on a portable device but it's not going to be available anytime soon so I'm curious to see what that would be if that's going to be like an actual like Steam Deck type console more of a PC where you're utilizing xCloud type stuff with that maybe some of the PC Game Pass library things be interesting to see what they do with that
Yeah, that would be my guess is it's more of a competitor for the Steam Deck type of thing and it kind of leverages Game Pass where it makes sense and the cloud to deliver maybe some of the high high performance games might be relying on the cloud a little bit so you'll probably have to have
really strong internet connection, whether that be at home or maybe something they're trying to wait for a little bit is better 5G type of availability.
Although I fear it's not going to happen in the next four years, but we'll see.
Well, you never know.
I mean, we don't know what the specs are going to look like in a few years, too, because if you think about that, they're looking to put a console out.
I mean, it'd be weird to target Xbox Series S type specs, but I assume they could probably do something pretty decent.
Let me look at what the Steam Deck looks like right now.
Sure.
I mean it's only going to be more powerful in four years so I could see them doing something like that but they did have to really make I think they couldn't just say oh it's a console to play games on the go I think it'd be better like to actually do something unique with it but who knows
Maybe something that enables, I don't know, like multiplayer in the same room type of thing when you have more than one device.
I mean, I know that's not exactly a novel concept, but it might be something to maybe lean into a little more with some of the software offerings, right?
Recognize that one thing that Nintendo does very well is the party in the room atmosphere type of games, right?
Like the Mario parties, the Mario karts of the world.
Nintendo has a lot on that.
Yeah, and please don't try to...
Don't try to, like, copy the Switch, you know, eight years too late or something like that, you know what I mean?
Don't pull, like, a PlayStation Move or a Microsoft Kinect nonsense, you know, just do something unique and new.
But I think they see that, you know, Steam Decks are gonna, that whole concept, and the Switch, you know, concept are here to stay, right?
So that whole concept of a portable...
Gaming Unit that does a lot.
It's going to be very interesting.
Of course, I say Gaming Unit, but if it's a Microsoft device, why the hell shouldn't it lean into things like Word and Excel and PowerPoint on the go as well?
Maybe that's another way they sell it, is that it's not just for games.
I don't know to what extent you could craft a PowerPoint on a device like that, but
that would be horrible well to maybe dock it you know okay but to be fair like I did an entire PowerPoint that well not not PowerPoint it's um Apple's version of it I did it on an iPad uh numbers thank you without a keyboard so um you can do a lot with touch screens so you know maybe you know some some refinements may be a little more difficult but it's it's
Pretty rich at this point, so it'll be interesting.
But I know that's a ways away.
What about the thoughts of the Xbox games coming to other consoles?
I mean, I don't... They already kind of did it.
They've already been putting games on the Switch.
I actually don't think Halo on the Switch is a big deal at all.
Halo on the PlayStation would be very, very interesting.
But it's interesting because...
Bobby was talking on his show about the DLC for Atari 50 that came out this week which I haven't gotten around to yet because I was playing another game by Digital Eclipse this week which I'll talk about in a minute but the Atari 50 DLC that talks about the first console wars and how Intellivision is was making Atari versions of their games because the Intellivision and the Atari were such different hardware but it's like why would you limit yourself to just
the Intellivision segment of the market why wouldn't you tap into Atari's segment of the market and get as many sales as you can over there too when there's five times as many Atari's out there so it's interesting in light of like just hearing about that and in the shadow of this look back on this first game war how it's coming full circle where now Microsoft's going why wouldn't we just release it on Sony's platform well yeah it kind of harkens back to this whole like
I was going to say, are you talking about all these people coming out after the election deciding to show their entire ass and hole?
But anyway.
Real quick, I need to correct myself because when you said PowerPoint, my brain heard spreadsheet for some stupid reason.
I have been talking about Excel as well, like the whole office suite of things, but yet personally I used Keynote.
That's right, the name just slipped my mind in the moment, but yeah.
I hate to say it.
I know it's a little cringe, but I'm just going to be honest.
Some software gets to that point of Xerox or Kleenex where it's a PowerPoint.
I know, but that's... Actually, more commonly, I hear keynote presentation more than anything in other medias.
I don't want to get into it.
We're going to present a keynote on so-and-so and so-and-so.
Anyways, so...
I just think it ever... You mean, yeah, when we were kids and, you know, in school and, like, rooting for consoles, okay, that makes sense because we're dumb kids and we don't know any better, but, like...
As adults rooting for a console and stuff like that, it's just silly.
And I get it.
It makes sense for Microsoft to put their games in.
It's basically to get it played by as many people as possible.
Yes.
Now, what does that do to the console itself?
It makes it so the console isn't necessarily as important to buy than, say, a PlayStation console or something like that.
but I don't necessarily think that's a bad thing it's nice to have choice for what you can play if Sony would you know be a little bit more cross-platform with their games as well I mean that would be pretty cool I just think it's something to consider when you're looking at a new console down the road that you know if you don't get a Microsoft console it may not be the end of the world because their products are everywhere and eventually they may just
forget doing a console and just whatever we're just gonna this is an Xbox laptop now and you're just gonna play Xbox games on it along with everything else that you do because Xbox is part of Windows now and that's how it goes um
Yeah, I don't know.
I just think the whole console war thing is stupid.
I had to explain that to my wife, you know, what the console wars were, because she was asking a question about something, like someone was comparing it to the console wars, and I had to explain to her what that was.
And it's silly.
You do...
You talked about, you know, when you are stupid kids, you can get into console wars because that's what people do.
I mean, with all due respect, you have children who are that perfect stupid kid age, although your children are very intelligent.
But, you know, they're at that age where if they were going to fight about something, consoles would be it.
Do they get into that at all?
They don't care.
They don't care.
They play games wherever they want.
They've got...
and many more.
and I'm sure there are audiences out there of people that use those services that are like, well, ha, Netflix got that and Hulu doesn't.
Nobody cares, dude.
Nobody cares.
It's a silly thing to...
There you go.
Alright.
Well on that note, let's move into the types of games that we were rooting for this week in our gaming week and talk a little bit about how was your gaming week.
So I will go to DarkSakura if you'd like to share anything that you were playing in your gaming week.
I restarted Dragon Age Veilguard so I could sort of do a continuation of my very first Inquisition game and so far you know how like you have those games you've got dating options you'd be like wow I'm gonna date so-and-so they look cool I have not felt that way yet about anybody except I just got Davran and he's kind of cool so maybe maybe it'll be him
um there's things that I like but the writing is a bit just the writing is not as good as what I would expect the games to have um but I'm a side quest person I love to look at the scenery I love lore I love all of that type of stuff and so I'm kind of giving it the Xanadu treatment I love all of the parts of it the whole thing may not be great but
but I'm totally enjoying all of the parts of it you know in my digestible chunks I have to say with Dragon Age Veilguard since you brought it up with the companions now granted I'm still early on so there's a lot of probably nuance and things I haven't you did get it yeah I did get it and I played like maybe three hours of it oh yeah you weren't here last week so I couldn't tell you about it so I did play a little bit about it a little bit of it just a little bit um but I can say I'm completely
I have hearts in my eyes for one of the characters and it's it's a weird thing because I'm not used to like wanting I'm just gonna keep it real I'm not used to wanting to have a heterosexual relationship in these games but like I love her go ahead and say is it Neve?
you already know you already know it's Neve Neve is awesome but she wasn't the kind that I go for she's like the Miranda to me okay no I love her I love her in her hat
her little fascinator yes I did though get some armor for her that I like a lot better than her default outfit okay I'll see I need to I need to make myself play more hashtag do it for now I'll do some screenshots but I was gonna go after Harding at first but she's just like been a friend always there you know so and I still I something got a little spoiled for me so I'm gonna let that happen because I think it's cute um but uh
I don't know, usually I'm like not into the Grey Warden character or anything but Daverin's kind of cool and he comes with a griffin so what's not to love but which actually I love it too because there's so much of the apocrypha that goes into it like the comics and early stories and old legends and things and I like that they're bringing that in I just wish they were doing it
a lot more well everything you know of from the other games is wrong let's not ever mention the hero of Ferelden oh look though Dorian has aged nicely anyway I love him I'm glad that they included I'm just going to go ahead and say it they put Mevaris from the comics in there and I freaking love Mevaris from Those Who Sleep and all those if you want to read those comics I will lend them to you she is a delight um
and if I am correct she is the second transgender character in the Dragon Age franchise after Crem so I will say however there's something that really irked me with it and I'm glad to have good well I'm happy to have transgender representation but there's a few things that seem
I don't want to say anachronistic, you know, but things that don't make sense within the established medicine and technologies within the series, right?
It is cool, though, for personal representation, you can have your surgery scars, you know, for top surgery.
But they go really heavy handed.
And I was listening to some reviews by some trans streamers who were saying that, yeah, these are never the words that I would have used for myself.
These were words that were made up by a non-trans person.
I seem to remember that same criticism in Andromeda, and they ended up going back and fixing it as part of it.
that was with the dead naming yeah yeah it was a little more severe in that case but yeah I just I like I'm just I'm feeling like echoes back to that you know but they had but Maevaris I think dead named herself once or someone did interesting and so if if you respect somebody who who has transitioned don't bring up their dead name
you know maybe they want to for some reason like hey you knew me before you know meeting like an old classmate or something oh yeah you knew me as this this is me now you know I can understand that but not just telling oh random stranger who has no idea who I ever was you know in a past life or anything I don't think that's cool
and it's up to the person anyway so there are so far it's really heavy handed I think and not in a good way and I'm kind of afraid about what's going to happen when we get when I get Tosh because that's a little bit more that was spoiled for me but I'm not going to go into full detail on that one I'll let whoever plays it know but
I... That was a cringe moment for me because I actually had to go back and replay those scenes so that I would just stick with how my character is, right?
So...
I like, though, a good portion of the dialogue.
Like, right now, I've had Balaras and Harding in my party.
And they actually get along so well and tease each other.
And then they go over, since Balaras is like a tinkerer of ancient technology, and Harding goes through her thing.
Again, not spoiling.
They actually have a discussion about where their cultures intermix.
Like words that were borrowed from one language versus another and different pieces of their own cultural lore that actually have common roots.
And that, to me, I love stuff like that.
I love ancient sociology.
I love, you know, I guess...
like constructed sociology too you know stuff like that it just makes me really really happy and it immerses me in the universe those are the things that i enjoy um so um of course um i did play a little dead by daylight i tried to stream on tuesday but i had even less voice than i do now this is what i sound like by the way when i lead my uh my team meetings
so I usually like okay somebody else talk for a minute so I played for about four games I made it through and Shay and Ryan joined me and Smokey at the end for some but by the time I got there I was like I'm so glad they talk all this much but I couldn't make myself heard to say hey killer's over here or this is who the killer is you know because by that point I was sounding like this
So this is honestly more voices than I've had in a while, but as you can tell, it wears out.
I'm drinking very hot coffee mixed with Junior Mint hot chocolate.
Delightful.
So it's really warm on my throat.
But back to the Dead by Daylight.
I'm going to play some more tonight because I want to get through the tome for 2v8.
um I didn't get well I got through everything for the haunted whatever but I forgot to go back and get the other two killer weapons so my bad um but I'm gonna try to get everything done even if I have to play offline um and
If I may mention, I am going to be playing a lot of Dead by Daylight on the 29th.
So you don't have to stand in line for that TV.
You can hang out with me instead.
Doesn't everybody shop online these days now?
The smart people do.
All right.
But at any rate, and yeah, I was also still playing Suika and
I know I played something else, but my brain is broken.
I think I played sleeping a lot.
The sleeping game was great.
And, uh, yeah.
Alright.
Well, let's move on.
We'll talk about Loki.
How was your gaming week?
It was just all Minecraft stuff.
I've been working on Channel 64 content, so I had to make a ton of custom models this week.
I had like 110 of them.
And, uh,
just working on new park stuff I've got a new fishing minigame that is going to be in the next episode and then this whole redemption thing that essentially you earn tickets by going to the attractions and then you can redeem those tickets for
random plushies and then of course like any midway you can trade three small plushies for a larger plushie and so I have to build the systems and do all that so I've been like toiling away with custom redstone so I finally got the filter system to make it idiot proof so that you can't break it that was tricky but this starts my two weeks of working on Minecraft content all
I've taken the rest of the month off so I'm gonna try to get the big water ride done excited for you jealous of your big break I uh I should have thought ahead and took a little break too uh just so I can work on some creative projects and just you know um rest you know yeah yeah no I'm excited for your uh creative projects and getting that done it's great yeah it'll be fun all right
my gaming week so um been playing more Diablo 4 I finished the battle pass so not just not just the season journey but the battle pass so there's nothing more I can do in season six unless I just want to grind my character to higher levels which I think I am I am a-okay putting it on the back burner for a little bit outside of I may create a few more videos for my YouTube channel because those videos are actually performing better than my classic lookbacks so hey
I will get those cheap likes and subscribes wherever I can get them, as long as it's in my wheelhouse.
I'm not going to invalidate my morals to do it, but I do love Diablo 4.
I just don't, you know, I don't see myself playing this particular season a heck of a lot more now that I've kind of hit that point.
So I kind of get to put that on the back burner until January.
Final Fantasy XIV, on the other hand, got a patch this week with some new content.
So I've been enjoying that.
There's a Final Fantasy XI inspired raid.
I don't know if you heard about this.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I look forward to playing that.
I have done the new dungeon, which is a very different thing.
It's more in line with the Dawn Trail story and everything.
The new dungeon actually had some really good mechanics.
The last boss mechanics, I'm actually really like, oh, this is awesome that...
I mean, there were some things where I was like, oh, they just did the same thing that they did in the Ruby Weapon Raid.
But there's other parts of it where I'm like, oh, they really, really want to make arenas different shapes and do different things with them than your standard, like, MMO, go in the room, and it's a circle, and the boss is just standing at you.
They did something very different, and I thought I liked it.
So yeah, good times.
Yeah.
Other games I've been playing this week, I got to check out, I mentioned earlier in the show, I was gaming at a friend's last night who has a lot of gaming system, invests in a lot of stuff, and had a PlayStation 5 Pro.
And so he was actually showing off, I say showing off, but just kind of so we could get a taste of it.
Because not every game...
is kind of tuned up for the PlayStation 5 Pro, although he was saying that some games that ran sluggish on PlayStation 5, he mentioned Forspoken specifically.
I don't know if you remember that one from Square Enix kind of early on.
It didn't get a lot of traction because I think some people said it was buggy and stuff.
Apparently it plays much better on PlayStation 5 Pro, even though they didn't
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
it's like you're getting your 4k performance mode but in 60 frames that's you know and technically there was an even higher performance mode that was still 30 frames but he said no 60 frames only and I tend to agree I'm always like 60 frames only no no if the game can do 60 frames do it
So he showed that and a little bit of Final Fantasy Rebirth so we could kind of see what it looks like.
And yeah, especially, especially, I was just really stricken with the color, the way Aloy's face looked and her companion early on in the game, the gentleman's name, I don't remember, sorry.
But the way they looked, like their faces were just...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
to get this same type of graphic performance.
And so if that type of stuff is important to you and you want the latest and greatest, it's going to make it pretty, I'm not here to tell you how to spend your money.
I don't think the upgrades are worth it to me, but once I saw it, I was like, okay, yeah, that does look really good.
But I also know I game usually on my computer monitor here in my office.
He had a big, big TV, and I feel like a lot of those things sort of make way for the changes as well.
Yeah, and Ranma says there's better ROI on PC parts than a pro console.
True.
You know, people just have to make the choice that makes them happy.
You know, what makes sense for their household.
And if you are a big console gamer, which some people are, this is of interest to you.
I will say this.
This friend of mine is really big in VR.
He really loves VR stuff too.
And so the other game we checked out a little bit was No Man's Sky.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
but they played it in VR I never got around to playing it in the PSVR too because I got pulled into a game of Big Brain Academy on the Switch so I didn't get to get around to see VR but they were just raving about it they were like this looks so fucking good oh my god like they were just like super like yeah they were really into it so I'm like okay well I guess maybe that I do maybe next time I go over there I need to be like hey I didn't get to see No Man's Sky last time I want to see that so um
Yeah, Bobby said, I still hate the VR controls, No Man's Sky.
I noticed they were doing all this.
He's like, yeah, you got to reach behind your back to get the multi-tool and you got to do all this.
And so like, they were like, how do you do this?
How do you do this?
I'm sitting there going, I literally don't know.
I don't know how to do this in VR because they changed all the fucking controls.
So I don't know what to tell you.
So...
Anyway, because I was doing it when they were playing on 2D and flat screen before they hooked up the VR.
I was like, oh yeah, hit this button, hit this button, go to this menu, you know, because I've played a lot of that game, but couldn't tell you a lick of it in VR.
All right.
I want to get to another game I played this week because this was a pretty big deal.
So I also played the game Tetris Forever, which is the latest entry in the Gold Master series, which is essentially trying to be the Criterion Collection of Blu-rays, but this is, you know, for video games.
It's the Gold Master series done by Digital Eclipse, which Atari 50 was sort of zero in that series.
It wasn't officially Gold Master, but let's be real, Atari 50 kind of led to that.
And then they had Karateka
The Making of Karateka, I think, was the first one.
They had the Jeff Minter story, which was the second one.
And now we have Tetris Forever, which is the third one.
And you know what?
I just have to say out the gate, I'm really happy this series exists.
As a fan of classic gaming, I just really love how this is put together as a documentary, as something that you can move through and really take a good look at prototypes and even manuals that were in Japanese.
I was going to the extent where I was like, okay...
Here's the back of the box in Japanese the way they were selling this game in Japan.
I want to bring up my Google Translate lens and see what did this actually say?
How were they saying it?
Some of the cartoons were really funny and some of the things they were saying.
I was like, this is just so neat to be able to explore this.
It's like finding your old magazine collection but going a step deeper with all the interactive components.
I'm really happy this series exists and I want to see it be successful and that's why I'm willing to
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
it's not like somebody can build an electronica 60 emulator they had to go back and basically simulate it's more of a simulation but it's really well done uh it makes you feel like you're playing the old terminal you know it feels like an old terminal game and gives you a sense of playing the original original tetris uh in that um
I want to also say, I never saw the Tetris movie.
I never saw the movie that they did for the Apple films and the movie that they put out.
I was just kind of like, oh, Tetris is like a story about business?
It sounds like it's probably all blown out of proportion for Hollywood, whatever.
And that probably still is the case.
However...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and I just really enjoyed that trip and that information and getting to hear the story about how Hank went to Russia and he had no plan on how he was going to do it.
He didn't even know where he was going to go.
To hear him tell it himself and then like, you know, Alexei, the creator of Tetris was there in that too and they talk about meeting in the room for the first time and all this stuff.
Like it was...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and DarkSakura.com.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Just, yeah, really neat.
And in the last chapter, they talk about Tetris Effect.
Tetsuya Mizuguchi is in the game.
He's not a huge part of it, but, you know, he talks about it.
And then they talk about, at the end, the very last sort of blip on the timeline is the kid who crashed Tetris last year.
Like, at the end of the year, like, he crashed Tetris.
He's like 13 years old.
Yeah.
Yeah, the kill screen on Tetris, basically.
It ends with that as sort of a way of saying this game is still relevant, is still a piece of history today.
That being said, some of the things where I was a little bit like, oh, this isn't... And Bobby says the movie plays up more life and death stuff that didn't exist, but the guts of the story is accurate.
Yeah, because he sort of brushes, he says, I wasn't really supposed to be there.
And if somebody had caught that I was there, I probably would have lost my visa.
He talks about those types of things.
I can see how in a movie, they probably really played up that whole, oh, he was in danger, you know, the type of thing that probably, at least hearing it from his mouth, didn't seem to be as big of a deal.
But anyway, they talk a lot because that whole story, that entire thing is all around that Game Boy release of the game.
and the quote I loved the most out of the entire thing and it's even on the splash screen when you boot the game and just really kind of showed the power and like why he was so dead set on getting the rights to the portable version of Tetris basically to put out the version on the Game Boy.
He went to Nintendo and he told Nintendo, and I'm paraphrasing here.
Sorry, I don't have the actual quote in front of me.
But, you know, originally the Game Boy was going to have Super Mario Land as the pack-in game.
That was what they were planning to do, which makes sense, right?
Mario game is pack-in game.
Worked for them before.
But he went to them and he said, if you want boys to play the Game Boy, pack in Mario.
If you want everybody to play the Game Boy, pack in Tetris.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and they really show that personal touch to how it's really impacted the culture there.
Bobby says that moment is in the movie too.
I guess I can't be surprised about that because it is a really powerful quote that I think shows why they were so dead set on getting the portable rights.
And then it really breaks down the whole because they got the portable rights then that led to the discussion about well they should be able to get the console rights but yes this other organization and I sort of knew about this stuff where
another organization had the computer rights and they were taking computer to mean console as well and then there was a whole to-do in court about that and it does get into some of that and so it talks about Tengen Tetris it doesn't shy away from the fact that Atari and you even have people talking and they talk pretty respectfully about the Atari situation and they say we don't think that the guy and I forget his name in this that sold them the rights we don't think
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
The whole thing was very fascinating to me.
Not knowing a lot about how that all went down.
I knew about, yeah, it all hinged on they had the computer rights and the interpretation of what is a computer.
I know that's what it came down to.
But what I didn't know, I will fully admit, I did not realize this.
I did not realize Japan never got the NES version of Tetris we had.
That was specifically for non-Japan territories, including the US and Europe.
and DarkSakura, DarkSakura.com
But what's not there is the NES version of Tetris, the Game Boy version of Tetris, the Tengen version of Tetris, and all of these other versions of the game that they spend a lot of time talking about in the documentary.
Now look, I understand, like, it's a rights issue, Nintendo's doing their own thing, because Nintendo was the one to announce this whole thing originally in their direct, and they said, by the way...
Tengen Tengen
Atari owns Digital Eclipse why but clearly at some point those rights probably reverted elsewhere and that probably has to do with the way Midway worked and where a lot of those so I'm not it is what it is it's tied up legally and so those versions of the game just can't be in there but it is it is a loss that I kind of feel because I'm just going to be honest the original version of Tetris is cool getting to play the PC Tetris is cool but
There's stuff like Hatress, Bastress, Weltress.
And they talk about it.
They devote a little section as to where these sequels came from and why and how they were trying to expand on the puzzle phenomenon and the marketing and everything.
They just...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
because an orange right says Tengen Tetris got airbrushed out.
Well, they do.
They talk about it.
They don't.
It's not a secret in this game.
They don't talk around it.
They say it's here.
This is what happened.
This is why there was, you know, and they get into it.
You just can't play it.
So, you know, recognizing that you're not going to get every version of Tetris, but you are going to get some of the key things throughout Tetris' history, as well as some other sideshow stuff, you know, like Tetris 2, Bomb Bliss.
I think Bomb Bliss is terrible.
Isn't there Toaster Tetris?
No, Toaster Tetris.
Bomb Bliss is in there.
I think Bomb Bliss is terrible, to be quite honest.
Sorry, I just, I think Bomb Bliss just kind of reeks as of how do we make Lightning Strike twice.
Tetranet?
No, Tetranet isn't in there.
But Tetris Time Warp is okay.
It's fine.
I appreciate the digital clips try to do something new.
And it's super cute.
I'll say it.
It's cute.
But to me, right now, the definitive version of Tetris is Tetris Effect.
which the game doesn't also... It also does not show... Tetsuya Mizuguchi is in the game talking about it, you know, but like... I'm still gonna go for the Grandmaster.
Yeah.
Tetris Grandmaster is not in there because it's an arcade series, but Tetris...
One of the big ports is in there.
See, it's hard for me at some point to remember what all is and isn't in there because they do talk about it.
So again, sorry, I've gone on way too long on this one game, but I do just want to say from a museum walkthrough perspective and how they have crafted this documentary, I think they did a fantastic job.
I think they really just laid out what it is.
From a...
get your hands and play all of these games that are on display in this gallery it's mostly there but there's definitely some holes in there that need to be filled in but to the Tetris company's benefit they probably would love if you playing this game made you go get a copy of Tetris Effect which is on sale right now because they're going to get two sales out of that and that's
It is what it is.
But yeah, kudos to the Gold Master Series.
I really can't wait to see what's next out of that.
It's the museum stuff and the educational.
I learned a lot.
I mean, I'm not sitting here going, oh, I knew everything about Tetris.
I certainly didn't.
But just kind of getting walked through and everything, I was like, okay, a lot of this makes so much sense.
Makes so much sense now.
Yeah.
one more thing I will close on because I thought that this was like one of the oh yeah I'm with Justin Mango in chat who says Tetris DS I love that version so much again they acknowledge it in the timeline but you can't play it in the archive but that would just be too many versions of Tetris there is one version of Tetris I noticed wasn't there it's the Jaleco version of Tetris that was on the original PlayStation which was fucking terrible they don't acknowledge it at all
It's hard to make a game so simple.
Terrible.
It was bad because they added the whole thing about the archaeologist that was walking along the top.
Because they added shit that didn't need to be there.
That's why it was terrible.
Anyway, but Tetris DS was great.
Yes.
And that's not in there, of course.
But anyway, I will say again, one of the documentary footage I found the most interesting was they have some rare footage, you know, because they Hank apparently loved to shoot movies because he had a lot of stuff on film.
And not only his stuff in Russia is really fascinating, the stuff that he did shoot there.
but he actually shows when Alexei came to the US and actually demoed his game for the people that were gonna make I think the Nintendo version of the game they actually show him like walking through the game and like talking about some of the design elements of his game and why the score was the way it was a certain way and all that stuff and I just thought those are the types of nuggets that we need to preserve
because that's where a lot of great games were born in the room talking to those people.
And I'm so glad they got these extensive interview footage with Alexei and Hank and all these people that were instrumental to it.
Just great to have that.
So yeah, I would encourage you to pick it up.
If you're a fan of Tetris and it's hard to go wrong with that game, pick it up, add it to your collection.
It's a worthy... I see this as the criterion collection of games.
You're going to want to own these because it really is the complete package that really helps you understand not just the game itself, but how the game was created.
TigerClaw says, is the stuff about the Game Boy prototype and the story true?
I don't know what that's referring to, unfortunately.
I don't know if that's a subplot in the movie or something.
They talk about how he fixed...
Nintendo apologized to Alexei, the creator of Tetris, for a bug that existed in the Game Boy version of the game.
That part was in the documentary.
I don't know if that's what it's referring to.
Yeah, SJ100Matt says, I wish Nintendo would let someone like Digital Eclipse do something like this with Miyamoto.
Oh my god, Matt.
That'd be amazing.
Oh my god.
Talk about a wish list thing.
I'm trying to think what Nintendo game
I mean like something like Balloon Fight I think would be great but it sucks because Iwata is no longer here right and so it's like we need we need to be making the literally we need to be making these things yesterday and if Nintendo doesn't want to partner with Digital Eclipse because they're Atari now then fine I wish Nintendo would look to this for a model about how to possibly preserve some of their own games so
Alright, anyway, I've talked way too much about that product, but you know I love me a classic game, and yeah, I had to talk about that.
So, let's get back into some gaming news.
Let's go over to Loki and talk about what is going on in the gaming world.
I will just quickly mention, I will not be here on December 15th.
So there will be no show that weekend, December 15th.
So, just fair warning.
Alright, let's move on to some more stories.
Loki.
Well, everything old is new again.
So, hey, remember the crew?
We're talking about it again.
You know, the whole back and forth with, you know, the movement to try to get laws put on the books to prevent, you know, online games from being taken offline and essentially giving you... revoking your access to a piece of product that you...
purchased, you know, in quotes.
Now, a few people from California filed a lawsuit against Ubisoft regarding the crew being taken offline.
And they filed in federal court claiming that Ubisoft has duped its consumers by telling them they are buying the game when in reality they're renting a limited license.
I mean...
yes but it's also EULA so I'm curious to see how that works out and then of course they gave a comparison explaining what it's like with the servers being taken down like imagine you buy a pinball machine and then a year later the company that sold that to you removed the bumpers and the flippers and the monitor displayed your score and all that stuff so it's like you still have it but not usable um
Also, along with that, we're reminded that also, I think we talked about this last week, how there is a law that went through in California talking about where basically these companies are going to have to explain if you click buy or purchase, if you're purchasing a game or purchasing a license for said thing, it's going to be more clear.
with that, but I don't know if they're, I don't think anything's gonna come of this lawsuit, honestly, because with the EULAs and all that, they try to kind of legally weasel their way out of there, but I do agree that, you know, the idea of purchasing the game meaning you can play stuff is very contentious when it comes to online, these
always online services that also aren't always online because eventually they shut them down when they're not profitable anymore so that kind of sucks for these live service games but I don't know, vote with your wallet
That's all we can do.
Yeah, I more see this story this week as a, we knew this was coming.
The minute they pulled this down and we saw that consumer advocacy groups were starting to kind of coalesce around this.
Literally, the question was asked, when's the lawsuit coming?
I mean, this isn't a clip from OLR I'm going to go back and play because everybody asked this question.
When's the lawsuit coming?
Today, here it is.
It came out this week.
But yeah, again, not to belittle the story because I think this is going to lead to bigger things.
I think there are a lot of people who are kind of like, I want to see this play out in court.
Popcorn.gif.
Let's see what happens.
I just don't think it will though because – I mean it may, but I don't think that –
Anything's going to come of it because they're going to be like, it was disclaimed.
But I guess, no, that kind of makes sense, though.
Like, if you think about it, it makes sense.
I don't know what verbiage is on the box, but like, assuming that you're a consumer purchasing the game physically, let's say that, physically, and...
I mean, when you're purchasing it out of store, you're not going to be aware of what's in that EULA.
So how can you agree to that EULA prior to seeing it when you purchase a game?
That's where I kind of think EULA's kind of broken down.
Loki, you better go join the legal team because you make a pretty good argument.
Yeah.
If you think about it, because it kind of breaks down, unless it's actually written on the box.
But once again, it's all the fine print on a box.
You're not signing that.
I don't know.
For what it's worth, Loki, I do tend to side with you that it is going to get shot down because this lawsuit is being filed in the U.S.,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Probably Britain, you know, and I would bet that they're very oftentimes stronger advocacy laws, especially like France, you know, and I would be very curious to see how this would play out in a court over there.
Well, I mean, they kind of tried that with the change in laws or trying to do that where they said that they're not technically...
it's fine that they do that I think when they were pursuing all that stuff so maybe I don't know if it's in California well I think it is in California so maybe I mean I don't know it's certainly not going to apply to that law that is on the books now or going to be on the books here very soon because this game came out in I think 2014 it's been a while so and I mean and to be fair like
The newer crew games now are going to have an offline patch.
Allegedly, they're going to have an offline patch.
I don't know.
That's supposedly in the works.
We'll see it.
That was damage control.
Yeah.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, on a somewhat related note, let's talk about, you know, the preservation of games and how people are starting to kind of, I guess, make an opportunity out of this whole thing with preserving games.
And this has to do with GOG, which of course is, I still, I didn't know it never meant good old games.
I didn't know at some point they were just GOG, but GOG started as good old games.
And the only time I've ever bought games from them was because I wanted old shit.
I wanted like, what did I buy on there?
Sid Meier's Covert Action is on there.
And there's not a lot of Sid Meier games on there.
I think Colonization from the early one, not the Civ IV version, but the early, early Colonization is also on the store and I need to get that at some point.
But whenever I've bought games on that storefront, it's because it is a old game.
I actually do want to be able to play on a modern machine.
And that's something that was sort of that store's niche for a long time.
and now they're going back and they have made a big old push this week called the GOG Preservation Program and they're calling it a determination to return to the roots of the company with a long-term commitment to preserve and maintain classic games for the foreseeable future.
On this list there are 100 games and the company is pledging to use its own resources to maintain the game's compatibility with modern systems and future systems.
And so, you know, we could talk about some of the games that are on this list and so forth.
I'm going to say this.
I think it's nice that we have this sort of thing out there in this effort to preserve the old games.
That being said, I can't help but feel this is a little opportunistic of GOG for the moment.
which I understand this is you got to make that money yay capitalism I say unenthusiastically this is how the world works you got to find that marketing thing where you can and you know I think GOG here is seeing an opportunity where gamers are up an arm about the lack of preservation and they have an opportunity to say hey we do preservation
And we've already been doing it for quite some time.
That's what our company was founded on.
But we're going to put a nice shiny coat of paint and write up a new mission statement and goal and vision for this.
And we're going to put it out there as our plan and our commitment to saving games.
so this whole thing I don't see what the news is in this to be quite honest beyond GOG launches new marketing campaign to let you know they exist
And it's working, P.S.
Because a lot of people are writing with this story this week.
And I'm not being shady.
Again, I have bought things off of the service for exactly this reason.
I want to be able to play them in the future.
I'm just saying this feels a little bit like, you know, the bail bondsman advertisements outside the courthouse.
It's taking an opportunity in the situation.
DJ Ranma S says, so are you calling BS or are you not buying this?
Buying what?
They're committing to what they've always been doing, as far as I'm aware.
Unless, is there something new in this that I'm missing?
No, they've always been, I remember a few years ago, they put Diablo 1 on the service for 10 bucks and I believe it's still there.
And I believe it's on the list of the 100 games, is the original Diablo.
This was a big deal because it was like, well, why isn't Battle.net doing this?
But for whatever reason, GOG has it on their platform and they did a fine job.
Bobby says they're doing the tech support instead of the original publisher.
And haven't they always kind of had to do that to make the games run on their system?
I guess if that is the news that they are saying, we're dedicating XYZ employees to patching up these old games to make them work, then cool, I guess, but...
I'm just saying it feels a little bit like they see a movement and they're taking advantage of the movement, which is what capitalists do.
I'm not saying they're like, oh my God, this is a completely unethical, horrible company.
No, but I'm just saying it just seems to me that this is just a bunch of marketing language.
But great, if they're making a commitment to make old games playable on all future hardware, I don't see how that's a bad thing.
But at the same time, if the company ever goes under someday, this is all for naught, isn't it?
So, is it really forever?
Well, I'll tell you what is forever, and that is Half-Life 2.
That's right, that game is forever and ever and ever.
And Half-Life 2 just celebrated its 20th anniversary this past week, which I can't fucking believe.
But I can't, you know, is this game, is this show older than Half-Life 2?
It really is, isn't it?
Yeah, we're older than dirt.
Son of a bitch.
All right, so Half-Life 2.
I think our show is older than some of our listeners.
Anyway, this show, or this show, this game turned 20 years old this past week, and so they released Half-Life 2 Episode 3 in our hearts, in our minds, in our fantasies.
No, they did not release that, but...
they did kind of zhuzh up the original game and they released alongside it a documentary and they talked in the documentary about why isn't there a third episode for Half-Life 2 and basically it boils down to a need to work on other Valve titles at the time because they went to go work on Left 4 Dead is where the team that was working on Half-Life 2 went and then by the time they were ready to go back to Episode 3 the argument was made that we missed it
so basically like the opportunity had come and gone and you know one of the developers in the documentary says we could have gone back and spent two years to make episode three and this is where Gabe Newell chimes in and says my personal failure was being stumped I couldn't figure out why doing episode three was pushing anything forward
I couldn't figure out how to count to the number three.
Fuck you, fans who have been waiting for the resolution to this story.
No, I'm being dramatic.
I'm being mean.
I understand, in all seriousness, when you are a creative person, if you're not feeling that creative motivation behind something,
I guess they had all these concepts which show up in the documentary and all that stuff too, which is cool.
But I guess they weren't loving the ice gun and loving these things.
And if creatively you're not really passionate about what it is you're making, then you don't really want to make it.
And I can respect that, but I'm also kind of like, damn, there's just a lot of people who are just left in the cold with this whole thing.
And that part's kind of a bummer.
um but if you want to check out Half-Life 2 they it is it is episode one episode two along with the base game available on Steam now there's uh Steam workshop support available and all that good stuff videos of the demos from E3 so it basically it's their own kind of criterion version if you will of Half-Life I mean you know we were just talking about how Digital Eclipse did their version and maybe Nintendo could do their own version someday well this in a way is Valve's version of this for Half-Life
with the documentary and all that other stuff so and then of course you know the whole thing ends with the like we'll never say never type of thing when it comes to Half-Life and now that you've asked about it it's gonna be another 20 years
I would have laughed if they have, you know how everyone always said with Valve time, anytime you mention a Half-Life 3 remake, it pushes it back this much time.
I know.
It'd be funny if in the documentary they show this elaborate computer system that's calculating that.
The clock keeps going up.
It's like...
We told you, like, you just didn't listen.
Now it's not coming out for another 2,000 years.
Sorry.
Some comments in chat.
DarkTetsuya says, I did buy it when it last went on sale.
Yeah, I imagine a lot of y'all probably picked up this game at some point.
Go check your Steam libraries and see if it got a big old update on the back end because it probably did, you know, with all this extra stuff.
So check it out.
I know Alan, my husband, loves Half-Life and usually revisits the old games once a year.
He'll do a complete playthrough of them.
He likes to do mods and what was the whole Black Mesa, I think was like the reinvention of Part 1?
They're doing a new game too.
Wasn't there like Blue Shift?
That might be the new game.
That was an old, I think, mod for it?
Oh, maybe.
I wasn't too much into Half-Life when it first came out.
You want to write Half-Life 2 Episode 3?
I could write a game and let somebody else do all the other work for me If I wrote Half-Life 2 Episode 3 it would look like the game that's playing behind Loki right now on stream No, that's creating the game I'm talking about writing the story for the game
because if I can sit down and write a 40 chapter supernatural fanfic that has over 2,000 to 3,000 words per chapter, I think I can write a video game synopsis and story.
To be fair though, you're probably not the first.
The internet's a big place and I'm sure... Oh, I'm sure.
But I could write the proposal for me writing it for them.
OrangeRite in chat brings up Blue Shift and Opposing Force, the two expansion packs to Half-Life 1.
That's how it all fits in.
And then S2100Matt actually links us to this Steam store page for Project Borealis.
It is kind of cool that all those sorts of fan projects do kind of get Valve's blessing in a way with that.
It's nice that at least they aren't shutting down Nintendo.
fan projects based on their old IP sorts of things I do appreciate that sometimes they hire the fan project people Nintendo I think Valve does a lot of good stuff there that maybe other companies in Washington should take notes who may actually be based in Japan but have major satellite offices across the street in Washington alright moving on Loki
What are they doing in Irvine at Blizz headquarters?
There's rumors of what they may be doing.
So, of course, a job listing just spoiling all the things over.
They have a job listing for design director of innovation, which is extremely generic.
But it says you'll be the vision holder and owner over key strategic innovations on an upcoming open world shooter game.
Sounds like they're working on an open world shooter game.
There was rumors a while back that apparently the previous Far Cry 5 director Dan Hay was working at Blizzard and developing a title in the StarCraft universe, but we'll see.
Who knows?
Is Ghost coming back?
Will we get the StarCraft Ghost finally?
Maybe?
My brain's also like, wasn't
Project Titan which bits and pieces of it became Overwatch wasn't Project Titan supposed to be an open world shooter kind of maybe I think it was I think it might have been a little bit different but like I know the the PvP and Overwatch was like one mode about when you were like contesting a zone or something and they ended up making that like the actual game is where Overwatch was kind of born out of Titan so uh story just like uh yeah like um
Fortnite, yeah.
Yeah, kind of.
Battle Royale, yeah.
Interesting.
Yeah, and a lot of people are responding to this going, why don't they just make a StarCraft 3?
And some people are sort of responding with... Because they still haven't made a StarCraft 2.
No, they did finish StarCraft 2, but they did it across four games.
Is it really StarCraft 2, though?
I mean...
well you know and and some people are wondering is there space for an RTS again in uh you know the modern gaming world is there space for an RTS to be successful I I or is the market too niche for that sort of thing um I don't know I don't know the answer to that but I think it's disappointing I think they could I could they could do RTS stuff I mean I don't think there's like there's a lot of games that they say oh they're not gonna do well and stuff like look at even um
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I can understand where no matter what they do if they were to make StarCraft 3 a pure RTS there are always going to be the people always who are loudly going to say this fucking sucks compared to the original why don't you just play the fucking original and that voice might be getting what they want
Guess what?
The original and part two for what it's worth, those two games, that is all you're going to have.
If you want to go play those games, go play them because they're going to go a different direction with StarCraft.
This is kind of interesting to me.
I mean, this is all based on speculation anyway, but it does seem like StarCraft is the series we're sort of due to get an update on out of Blizzard because it's been a little while now.
We sort of just assume, well, they got to be cooking up something in the StarCraft universe because...
What if they're trying to do something like Helldivers 2 but with the StarCraft universe or something like that?
Yeah, you know, Blizzard just has to take... Blizzard is always really good at taking a popular, you know, computer party game type of thing and really streamlining it for a bigger crowd.
I mean, that's literally what World of Warcraft was.
To some extent, that's what Diablo was.
That's absolutely what Overwatch was.
You know, it's... Yeah.
Anyway.
Yeah, be interesting what happens with it.
Bonds006 in chat says, LOL, you're calling me out on that, Rob.
Leave me alone with my StarCraft 1 and Brood Wars.
I mean, there are a lot of people... StarCraft 3 will never be good enough for a lot of fans.
And so maybe that's why they're just not going to make it.
You won.
Congrats.
They're not going to... Congrats.
You get the original forever.
And they did remaster the original at some point, which some people have opinions on, but...
it's there and I imagine that is what the future will be remasters of the first two games so
Anyway, well, speaking of all of that, we also got Warcraft updates this week.
Funny enough, I feel like with the amount of Blizzard-related updates this week, I felt like we got all the news this week that would have been released had there been a BlizzCon, but there wasn't this year.
So we kind of got... Did anybody else notice?
Like, we got an awful lot of Blizzard news dumps this week out of the blue.
Yeah.
So yeah, I felt like this was like the what would have been BlizzCon news.
And yeah, it probably wasn't enough to justify an entire convention around it, which is why they went this direction.
But anyway, we got some updates on World of Warcraft.
But before I get to those, let me mention, because literally was just talking about RTS games and remasters, the original Warcraft and Warcraft 2 were fully remastered.
and they are now available, were stealth dropped this week, so we didn't even know that Blizzard was working on these, they just released full on fucking remasters of Warcraft 1 and 2, done so they're out on Battle.net now if you want to check that out and if they knew that you had the old games because they were registered to your Battle.net account, congrats, you got the free upgrade, so you can play whatever yeah, that's the way to do it, that's pretty cool also, Warcraft 3 Reforged
was revisited to improve the visuals and I'm assuming some of the feedback because remember Warcraft 3 Reforged did not land quite as resoundingly as I think Blizzard was hoping.
Granted, it came right at the wrong time for Blizzard when they were really in the thick of all of the issues they were dealing with internally and some of the worst of the worst stuff we saw in game development culture was happening there.
Warcraft 3 Reforged Warcraft 1, 2, and 3
Aziz updates to these different games going on there.
Now, the other big, big news that came out of the Warcraft universe is that World of Warcraft did some minor updates talking about what's coming for the current expansion, but they actually revealed a big new feature coming to the next expansion, which we already know is World of Warcraft Midnight.
Because remember, they gave this whole, we got our 10-year timeline and it's going to be these three expansions.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
is known for, and that is player housing.
So player housing will be coming to World of Warcraft.
And I know some people are going to be very excited about that.
Jamie, I have no idea if you ever want to play World of Warcraft again, but I could see you decorating your own house because I will never forget your house in Animal Crossing and your basement shrine to fire.
Yeah.
Well, I've recreated that a number of times in things, so who knows?
Who knows?
So maybe the Shrine to Fire in World of Warcraft someday.
Who knows?
But anyway, they released a teaser trailer about it, so they didn't say a lot else about it, except that they're going to need until the next expansion to do it.
And of course, they were asked, so if this isn't coming until midnight, why are you announcing this now?
Well, in an interview with PC Gamer...
uh the Warcraft director Ion Hazacostas said we wanted to give players a little sneak preview of some of what the team is cooking this also gives us the chance I think to have more open conversations about it that aren't possible when it's a top secret feature feature so they want to hear what people are excited about what they expect and what they'd like to see from housing so that could be very interesting I would say the biggest drawback in 14 is that because of the um kind of
Age server infrastructure that datebacks to the horrific 1.0 that that game is kind of stuck on.
Not everybody that wants a house can get one.
And that is the biggest drawback of the feature in 14.
And I feel like that's what you need to fix in WoW.
And I will say this, you know, and as much as I have...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I don't think it would really be that I mean yeah you have to save all of the the variants of the same thing but as far as network it could just be its own instance I'm just trying to think because I think that the reason why all that would be limited is because you are having X number of database elements available
and all of that is going to take storage, even if just saying, you know, load item here, load item here, load item here.
It's a lot of, you know, just mostly code and text, right?
Right.
But
Think about then that when that instance loads, it's not only having however much that just the code itself is going to take up, but it's going to have to load every item in there.
It would then have to be really creative about how to implement it for everybody because there are so many working parts in the background.
Yeah, that makes sense.
And I wonder if, you know, again, we don't know what it looks like until we see it.
I wonder if player housing, because we've seen the like the garrisons were something they implemented a long time ago, which was sort of like a player base.
I still have my house, I think.
I mean, I haven't played in two years, but... Then you don't have your house anymore because they will delete... After I paid for it.
They auto-demolish every 45 days if you don't set foot in your house.
After I paid for it.
What do you mean?
Well, I saved up a lot in-game to buy my house.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
You'll get a refund of some of it.
Pfft.
That game's just not worth me playing anymore.
That's what pissed Alan.
That's why Alan Rage quit the game is they deleted his house because he hadn't played in so long.
He was like, well, fuck this game then.
And that's why I'm like, it would be something that they could get needled on.
But yeah, technically it is an undertaking.
I get it.
I get it.
All right.
Palio, where my whole game is building my damn house.
Yeah.
All right, well, moving on, let's talk about another story that has to do with some information that came out from an interview this week from Hideki Itsuno, who, of course, used to be at Capcom and is now no longer there.
And he left Capcom and, you know, folks were...
I had a sniffle.
So, he of course is left to start a new studio.
It's called Lightspeed Studios.
And that is, you know, it's an exciting new chapter for me.
We've got strong development capability.
We're going to create an original AAA action game titles and yay, you know, all of that stuff to do there.
He did say though-
Yeah, well, who knows?
Who knows?
But it kind of dug up an old interview where he said, if I was allowed, I'd love to make Rival Schools 3.
I'd love to make Dragon's Dogma 2, Capcom vs. SNK 3, Street Fighter Alpha 4, Power Stone 3.
If I could, even Street Fighter 6 would be amazing.
Again, this was before there actually was a Street Fighter 6.
He said this.
But the one we need to get resolution on is Rival Schools.
which I'm sure Jamie has something to say about that so if I had the voice I'm thinking it really loudly yeah exactly so um but yeah he has he's moved on to establish that studio and there's um some you know interviews coming out about that um yeah I guess a scenario for Rival Schools 3 was actually completed all the way back in 2000 but just did not get to see the light of day
Just like I was reading today, things that were canceled without ever seeing the light of day.
Did you know John Waters was set to make his first movie in 20 years?
20 years.
A Dirty Shame came out 20 years ago.
And he was set to make a brand new movie.
And do you know who was going to be the star of this John Waters movie?
The perfect, the literal perfect modern day celebrity for a John Waters movie.
Aubrey Plaza was set to star in this movie.
Oh, I would love it.
That would have been good.
Nobody will give him the money to make it.
Nobody.
Kickstarter.
Oh my god, that's actually a great idea.
John Waters, I will give you money.
I mean, it's work for other things.
That's actually a really good idea.
He should try.
He should try.
Anyway, alright.
Let's see.
Loki, why don't we move on to yeah, we kind of surprise re-releases of remasters, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's more of a surprise update, I should say.
The Grand Theft Auto Trilogy Definitive Edition wasn't very definitive before when it was hastily ported by Grocery Games.
Whether, I'm sure, it was a lack of time, money, skill, whatever the case may be, it was a mess.
um however though between that time since it was released a while ago and now um this new update it was released on and I believe mobile platforms as part of one of the Netflix games uh they're like game library or whatever and these were actually developed by uh Video Game Deluxe
who had ported L.A.
Noire to the VR platforms.
And so...
The thought here is I think that I don't know if Grove Street worked on updates for this.
There's been some comments made by them because first off, one of the updates that came through with this is that their name has been taken out of the intro, the title screen for the game.
It's only been relegated to the credits.
So they're not happy about that being removed.
but that these patches were done a long time ago and Rockstar sat on them essentially until it just recently came out.
So what did it fix?
What are some of the updates that they had I think on mobile?
Better lighting.
So the lighting in FOG is similar to what is in the original games.
They've fixed
some of the issues with character models and whatnot they've also built in a system where you can run and fire your gun at the same time like the modern Grand Theft Auto games but apparently you couldn't do this in the older versions and also now this has been updated on essentially all the different platforms so now you can enjoy it I don't know if I want to touch it still because it's been touched by it's like too many cooks in the kitchen at this point
but I'm glad it's getting better.
I'm not paying Rockstar for this stuff.
Yeah, why would Rockstar sit on it?
They have to release this for the holiday season or something?
Well, I don't know.
Maybe it was a deal that they had with Netflix to put the game on their platform or whatever.
Maybe there's some exclusivity deal and so whatever updates they did, maybe that's the version of the game.
Kind of think of it like...
What was it?
Amico kind of had the same policy.
It's like, you can release a copy of the game on other platforms, but it can't be the same.
It has to be a unique thing on our platform.
So maybe that was the deal.
I don't know, but at least it's fixed now, or mostly fixed.
Okay.
Interesting.
Alright, well, before we get to our next segment, I want to do one more story that comes out of Blizzard, because again, there was a lot of news this week.
Actually, this is a little more about the Microsoft-Blizzard marriage, because one of the big games coming out of Microsoft, or specifically Obsidian, that I think a lot of people are looking forward to.
I know I want to check this out.
It's a game called Avowed.
It's an RPG that's coming from Obsidian, who makes some good RPGs.
That's why I want to check it out.
And it's coming out on February 18th.
the unique news involving Blizzard that came out this week is that Avowed is going to be available on Battle.net now this is the first I believe Microsoft property to show up on Battle.net now we know that when the Activision merger happened we saw Call of Duty I think um
Call of Duty
Okay, but it's there.
Whatever.
But this is interesting that Avowed is also going to be on Battle.net.
Not exclusively on Battle.net.
It's still on Steam.
It's still on the Game Pass launcher.
It's still all these other places.
But they are doing an intentional sort of awareness campaign within Battle.net.
At least I can say this.
This one makes way more sense than Call of Duty did because this is another RPG.
This is probably something that's going to speak to a lot of the same type of fan base.
I can see the overlap here.
Why do I need it on a different launcher?
You don't.
I mean, I guess if you go to BattleNet, maybe it makes sense.
Well, I would say this, Loki.
This is for people that have a computer just to play World of Warcraft.
And yes, those people absolutely exist because I used to know them when I played WoW heavily.
So this is to try to target that audience, much in the way that Blizzard products have always tried to kind of target that audience.
by launching on Battle.net and cross-pollinating.
I think Blizzard does this in a way I wish most companies would do, sort of raise awareness around their own games.
I've talked forever about how Niantic needs to stop existing in silos.
It's ridiculous as fuck that Pokemon Go doesn't have the same quality of life improvements that Monster Hunter now has.
And it's almost like the two companies don't even fucking talk to each other.
So, like, they're...
I think there are some things that Blizzard does very well that now you see with this Microsoft merger, Microsoft would like to leverage for the launch of Avowed.
But here's the other funky thing.
Avowed is going to be a Game Pass game.
So if you have Avowed, you will have it on Game Pass.
I'm assuming it has to be the ultimate or the high level tier or whatever.
what's on sale now on Battle.net is the limited edition versions of the game so if you want to get the $90 premium edition of the game you will be able to play 5 days early
and you get some other extra crap.
Have we not learned?
And all that other stuff.
I am with you there, Loki.
Have we not learned?
Because that early access shit has torpedoed a lot of games.
However, I will point out this game was delayed from its original launch window.
It doesn't matter.
I know, I know, but it's just...
They are making sure it's fine-tuned, but I do agree with you.
I will also point out, because logging into my own Battle.net account to play Diablo 4, a game which I play a lot, I have gotten the marketing messages for Avowed that say, included with your Game Pass, upgrade to Premium Edition now for $25.00.
I don't know if I've seen that one.
So what they're selling in this is if you are a Game Pass subscriber, you can instead of paying $90, pay $25, which isn't even the right amount.
It's supposed to be $20, but I digress.
Pay $25 to upgrade the one you're going to get with Game Pass to play it five days early and get the cosmetic shit.
well they're just trying to sell more DLC because that's the thing with Game Pass is like they discount certain tiers of things they discount DLC as well and they're just trying to siphon any money that they can from their Game Pass users I will say as much as I kind of look at that and go
Fucking really?
Not for me.
But again, if the splash image had been for Diablo 5, I would have been like, click, click, click, click, click.
Just because I can admit when my fandom is weak and I will buy things I shouldn't be buying.
But in the case of Avowed, I don't think I'm there.
But I will absolutely play Avowed when it comes out.
I'm looking forward to it, in fact.
But I will wait to get my version that I've already paid for with my Game Pass monthly sub on the ultimate level.
Thank you very much.
yeah but it's just interesting because I don't think I've seen a whole like bridge your game pass subscription to the ultimate edition for 25 bucks I just thought that was interesting yeah there's a few people in chat I noticed they're looking forward to this as well QuestBuster says I'm definitely looking forward to this one Mishkins in chat says I'm excited for this one yeah I am too but obviously they're gonna milk every dollar hopeful yeah
for this one.
We'll see how it actually turns out.
Yeah, absolutely.
Absolutely.
All right.
Well, anyway, let's go back to a simpler time when, you know what?
You just paid for the cost of the game and DLC didn't fucking exist.
Let's roll the bumper for our next segment.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
Actually, I might have to eat my words.
I think this one may have had DLC.
I forget that 10 years was not a long time ago.
But DarkSakura, what is the classic game of the week?
Edmund McMillan and Florian Hensel
And it came out on Windows first, and then Mac OS X and Linux.
And it is inspired by the story of The Binding of Isaac, but in the game, of course, it's different.
It's his mom who gets the message demanding the life of her son as proof of her faith.
and Isaac runs away from home so you also have access to six other unlockable characters procedurally generated and it's kind of like a nod to Legend of Zelda but there's a reason why it's like that
The game actually was a result of a game jam with McMillan and Hensel to do a Zelda-inspired roguelike that McMillan could use to show his feelings about religion, mostly because of conflicts between his Catholic and Protestant family members.
Um, and, and he also I mean this was, he took the chance because of the success of Super Meat Boy.
And he didn't expect many, many sales but it really gained popularity after Let's Play videos.
So they did have an expansion called Wrath of the Lamb in May 2012, but they were limited because Flash was dying at the time.
So they started working with Nintendo for a 3DS version, but Nintendo backed out over the religious themes.
So they did a remake in 2014, still timely, called The Binding of Isaac Rebirth and it brought in the extra features that they wanted to have that was limited in the Flash version.
Improved the graphics and enabled ports to other systems including PS4, Vita, Xbox One, Wii U, 3DS, and Nintendo Switch.
So I guess Nintendo eventually relented.
And it's been even rated as one of the best roguelikes of all time.
And Macmillan worked with James Id to do The Legend of Bumbo as a prequel to The Binding of Isaac.
So that's been there.
So it is a top-down dungeon crawler presenting in two-dimensional sprites.
It flows a lot like The Legend of Zelda, where you have...
you still have the randomly generated rooms like a roguelike but you have to fight monsters and um you also can you know play this sort of like a twin-stick shooter like it reminded me when I played it as a marriage between um Zelda and Smash TV does that make sense um having played the game yes it makes sense
You do pick up different power-ups like pills or tarot cards to refill your life or change your attributes.
Some of the effects will stack, so you could become a real badass.
You are tracked by the number of hearts, and if you lose all of your hearts, the game is a permadeath.
You have to start over in a fresh dungeon.
You have a boss...
and the main boss is Isaac's mom there's an optional ninth floor which is called Shale which it's not hell if anyone tries to tell you that it's actually called a place of stillness and darkness like an empty place where souls go and your boss is Satan which again that's I guess the Christian version of Satan
but anyway so you win the game with certain conditions and you get new power-ups as you go through and it'll track your power-ups as you progress so there are a lot of
It definitely is not exactly the biblical story.
I'll just leave it there.
But the way that the story goes is that the mom hears the voice from above, which she thinks is God.
And the voice says that her son is corrupted with sin and needs to be saved.
and to remove all the sin she takes away all of his toys and drawings his clothes and then says that he must be cut off from all the evil so he's locked in his room and then you know it just basically keeps asking more and more until she's ready to sacrifice him and then you know he runs away
so there is an expansion The Binding of Isaac Repentance that had actually a real conclusion of the story but before that came out there were no real conclusions and then the cutscenes between through two of the levels or the different floors Isaac is shown curled up in a ball crying and you can see his thoughts but yeah the
It's really quite the interesting game.
And he, McMillan, when designing the game, he was considering using the scare tactics the Christian right used to condemn the pop, you know, things like heavy metal video games as, I guess, opponent ideas in the game.
And then, you know, weird stuff like toilet humor, you know.
It was basically things that might piss off his family, which I thought was funny.
But it was originally made in Adobe Flash's ActionScript 2.
And then they could bring it out as a game on Steam.
And it took off.
The demo version of the Steam release was released on Newgrounds.
and so it's been out in various capacities and since AS2 is outdated it could slow down a bunch of different computers and let controllers support so when the new release came out it had
a bunch better.
Merge Games did a physical edition of the game that had the game soundtrack and a poster for the UK in 2012.
So the soundtrack was done by Danny Baranowski who had worked with Macmillan on Super Meat Boy and
I finally were able to, you know, with some cooperation, get the soundtrack made and they wanted to put out a dark tone but with some silly undertones so it wouldn't be taken too seriously.
But some of the songs were inspired by choral music and others, especially for boss fights, were inspired by Uematsu for Final Fantasy music.
there was a cancelled Nintendo 3DS port for the original but as we learned later on it came out because Steve Singer who is the vice president of licensing and Mark Griffin a senior manager in licensing and Dan Adelman who is the head of indie development were all behind the game so
There was Wrath of the Lamb that came out May 28, 2012.
And it was an expansion because his wife completely completed the game and wanted more.
It was like, okay, you like the game, here's some more.
And it adds 70% more content to the original with more than 10 bosses, over 100 items, 40 unlocks, two endings, additional endings, and two additional optional levels and alternate floors.
so it is a pretty thing of course and then Rebirth came out that basically included all of the above plus and like I said came out of multiple systems and the second update after Afterbirth Plus allows for user mods that came out on January 3rd, 2027
The final update was Repentance and added new content and bug fixes.
Including a lot of the content from Antibirth, which was a fan-made expansion.
It had a new alternate path through the game and different variations that came out March 31st, 2021.
Of course, there was The Legend of Bumbo, which was the prequel.
And
Isaac and Gish both appear in the game Gish is another character and Isaac also was a playable character in Blade Strangers fighting game and the puzzle game Crystal Crisis it was announced in 2018 there's a card game adaptation with Studio 71 called The Biting of Isaac for Souls so Metacritic gave this game an 84 out of 100 based on 30 reviews
and he wasn't expecting anything the game super took off and
I'm not going to read all of the accolades over it, but I can tell you by November 2021, the game had sold over a million copies.
And a quarter of those were partly due to the Wrath of the Lamb extension.
2024, the game sold over 3 million.
2015, after Rebirth, the game moved up to 5 million sold, and it also led the way for other roguelikes to come out, like Don't Starve and FTL.
so there you go all right thank you for the trip down memory lane even if a little bit recent but not that recent and it's one of those games I seem to remember playing not that long ago but here we are the binding of Isaac
Yeah, I'm with SSJ100 Matt in chat that says, I feel like this is one of those games along with Super Meat Boy that was in a lot of humble bundles.
Yeah, it definitely was.
I think I had bought this when it first came out, though.
I remember digging the Zelda vibes.
Somewhere in there, Jamie, you said it was like Zelda mixed with Smash TV, and I'm kind of, yeah, that's a pretty accurate description of what it is.
Like the gunning part?
Yeah, exactly.
Okay.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Actual engagement on a social media platform that doesn't have people I don't want to hear from in the replies.
Isn't that fucking wild?
So wild.
Wild.
Anyway, we'll get to that in a minute.
But first, some other quick news, Loki.
Alright, let's talk about some movie news.
So we've got word now that Sophie Turner from Game of Thrones fame is going to be playing Lara Croft for the upcoming Tomb Raider series.
So that's interesting.
I guess that's going to be something we'll see on Amazon.
Okay.
Neat.
I'm sorry for Sophie Turner.
You're going to have a very, very bad day.
based off of all those video games.
Hope you can do some really good stunts or have a really good stunt person subbing in.
I hope your stunts are up to par because if not, you're going to have a really, really bad day.
All in good fun.
That's going to be a fun show to see, so good luck to her.
yeah and then we've got word that Tom Hardy's uh or the uh I guess adaptation of Splinter Cell featuring Tom Hardy is cancelled no uh Splinter Cell movie I did not even know that was a thing good if I can't have John Waters you can't have your fucking Splinter Cell so fuck you exactly so alright neato
All right.
Okay, let's move on and talk about some... Oh, in this segment here with some rapid-fire news, some Black Friday sales we already know about.
I know you all love your cheap games.
I know I've got my eye on some things for Black Friday.
So some Black Friday sales... On one hand, yay, we have some games on sale already.
On the other hand, I need you all to fucking stop with Cyber November.
Okay?
Black Friday is bad enough being the day that it is.
It does not need to be a month-long event.
Best Buy.
You listening?
Best Buy?
Am I speaking with Mr. Best Buy?
Stop it.
If there's sales all the time, there's sales none of the time.
That's right, that's right.
The Christmas lights, or the holiday lights, whatever, do not go up until after Thanksgiving.
And Black Friday does not start until the day after Thanksgiving.
Remember, no discount will save you as much money as not buying it.
the biggest one is Tears of the Kingdom will be $20 off so it'll be down to $50 when you consider Nintendo never puts their shit on sale this is actually a big deal so you get that for $50 Pikmin 4, Super Mario Maker 2 down to $40
Animal Crossing down to $40.
I mean, who didn't already buy that game during COVID, but work.
Nintendo Switch Sports, Kirby and the Forgotten Land, Super Mario Odyssey, which is like one of the best Mario games they've made down to $30.
So if you still don't own that, there you go.
Pikmin 1 and 2 also down to $30.
and a full year of Nintendo Switch Online and Expansion Pack.
So, there is that.
You know, and obviously, why are Nintendo doing all these deals?
Because the Switch is a lame duck console.
We know the successor is imminent and a lot of people buying consoles this holiday know that it's going to be imminent.
So I imagine there's a lot of people that are going to pass, unless maybe this is for a kid or some other type of family member who doesn't buy the games as fast.
But the Switch is on its way out, and I think we all know that.
So here's the deep discounts.
Now, how about Xbox Black Friday sales?
Yes, we have some of those as well.
If you still do not have the Halo Master Chief collection for some reason, that is down to $10.
Street Fighter 6 for $30
that's pretty good Pentament was down to $10 that's from its $20 release game Death Stranding Director's Cut $20 yes on Xbox that was the thing that happened Star Wars Outlaws $52 instead of $70 and then some other discounted games include Resident Evil 4
Techin8, and much more.
So yes, the sales are rolling in fast.
I'm sure there's others that have been announced that just haven't crossed my radar yet.
But if you are looking for some cheap deals and games, it's coming up.
Quest Buster endorsing Pentament in our chat.
I might have to check that out.
Pentament is so good.
So good.
Okay, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates of some games you'll pay full price for if you want to play them this week or not.
Or don't buy them.
It's your choice.
Just don't.
Just don't do it.
Just don't do it.
I feel like we've hit that era.
We all remember that campaign when we were kids growing up.
Just do it.
Nike, right?
Just do it.
Now we're kind of in that era of, or don't.
Just don't do it.
If you don't feel like doing something, just don't.
I mean, if you want to buy them on sale, you can.
But if you want to pay full price, you can also do that.
I don't care.
I'm not your parent.
Just don't.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I had full intention of buying Dragon Quest III HD 2D this week.
And then I saw it was $60.
And I said, Rob, how many hours are you really going to put in this game right now?
So I said, you know what?
Just don't do it.
And I didn't.
You know what?
I think a vow that I'm going to make for next year.
Mm-hmm.
is that I am not allowed to buy well especially this is kind of what I'm doing I can't I'm not gonna let myself buy any new video games or art supplies because that's my weakness until I have either used what I have or finished playing what I have and then
Also, I'm not going to get any more stuff until I've got my room organized.
But I think, you know, it's one thing, and this is actually getting to us now as seasoned gamers, right?
The big shiny stuff is awesome, but we're not going to necessarily be seduced by it.
Right?
Right.
and I think that that gives us freedom to get some of those little you know cheaper things that falls between the cracks if we want to try it and also to fully throw ourselves into what we're playing now to really enjoy what you have right in front of you that's what I'm trying to do anyway all right well let's see let's see what games will be tempted by this week Loki what's coming out in the U.S. ?
We have Maid Cafe on Electric Street on PC and consoles.
I'm going to assume all the big games came out last week.
I mean, you never know.
It could be big.
I like how it doesn't specify which consoles.
It's just consoles.
It's your console's console.
So hope you have one of those.
That's what we're going to have in the future.
It's just going to be called consoles.
They're all Nintendos now.
That's all the rage right now.
That's what the Switch 2 needs to adopt as its marketing campaign.
I'm your console's favorite console.
This is confusing.
Microsoft Flight Simulator 2024 on PC and Xbox Series.
My Sims Cozy Bundle on Nintendo Switch.
Stray on Nintendo Switch.
We have Toho Spell Carnival on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and PlayStation 5.
Genshin Impact on Xbox Series.
Stalker 2, Heart of Chernobyl on PC and Xbox Series Amber Isle on Nintendo Switch Amidama on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series Divine Dynamo Flame Freak on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series That's only $7 on Steam and it looks like a 2D RPG from the 90s
G.I.
Joe, Wrath of Cobra, PlayStation 5, Xbox Series, Loco Motive, PC, Nintendo Switch
On Your Tail on PC and Nintendo Switch, Prison Princess Trap Delure on PC and Nintendo Switch, Shinjuku Somae on Nintendo Switch, and Supernova on PC.
That's it.
All right.
Highly recommend that one, though.
The Divine Dynamo Flame Free.
I was like, what is that?
And I looked it up.
It looks cool.
Well, let's travel over to Japan and check out the releases there.
So on the Nintendo Switch this week, Stray is getting a Japanese release on the Switch as well.
So you can check that out on the 19th of November.
You can also check out My Sims Cozy Bundle in Japan this week is also going to be released.
As well as High Speed Etole Paddock Stories is out in a regular and limited edition.
As well as Shinjuku Some is out in a regular and, yes, limited edition on the 21st.
SNK vs. Capcom, SVC Chaos That's right, the Switch release of that game is also going to be out on the 21st Sushi Shot is out as well Disney Music Parade Encore Oh, a music game, huh?
That might be kind of fun Is also releasing in Japan this week Oh, it kind of looks like Theatrism a little bit Just a little bit Okay, that is out also this week in Japan And I think those are the big releases
Amedama is also out in Japan this week.
And then the Marvel vs. Capcom Fighting Collection comes out on the 22nd.
That looks like it's a worldwide release, but it's also hitting Japan on that day.
Looking at the PlayStation 5, I'm sure you're going to see a lot of crossover.
You're certainly going to be able to get some new hardware.
The new PlayStation 5 Slim 30th anniversary is out in Japan this week.
I think it is the rest of the world.
And a matching controller for matching service is out there as well.
Actually, other than that, that big console release is really the big release in Japan on the PlayStation 5 front.
I don't see any of those other games on the list.
That's pretty wild.
Okay.
Well, DarkSakura, we'll go to Europe then if you're up for it.
Yeah, so on the 18th, we have Retro Realms Halloween for PC Switch, the PSs, the Xboxes, and then Retro Realms Ash vs. Evil Dead for all of the same.
Also on the 18th, Rogue Command Early Access for PC.
On the 19th, we have Microsoft Flight Simulator 2024 on PC and Xbox.
Towers of Agazba, Early Access PC, PS5.
MySims, Cozy Bundle for Switch.
Stray for Switch on the 20th, 20 November.
We have Stalker 2, Heart of Chernobyl for PC and Xboxes Genshin Impact on the Xboxes and on the 21st On Your Tail for PC and Switch Alright
Spam, spam, spam, spam
You know what, though?
I do have to make a quick aside.
Please.
On Eddie Izzard's performance last night, there was a nod to Monty Python's I Don't Like Spam sketch.
That made me happy.
Continue, continue.
More headlines.
Just a couple more quick ones.
Loki.
you want free stuff for the holidays we get free stuff so we've now thanks to Epic Games they have now allowed the internet archive to have Unreal and Unreal Tournament be freely accessible and so now you can play those games for free they're very old but you can still play them for free
and that's awesome Brad yeah good job game preservation that's that's the way it ought to be it's great uh speaking of stuff that's free it's not officially on our list but I have a feeling a lot of our listeners would care to know that the Castlevania collection is the free game on the Epic Game Store this week now the downside is that means you have to have an Epic Game Store account but the upside is if you've already been suckered on one of their prior free game promotions or if you play Fortnite
you probably already have an account so go grab that Castlevania collection because that's all the classic ones it doesn't have like Symphony of the Night and that stuff that was on a later collection but it does have like the NES, Castlevania, Castlevania 4, 3, Simon's Quest I think the Game Boy one's in there
Kid Dracula randomly is in there so it's a really good mix and that's free on the Epic Store right now until Thursday so if you're hearing this either live on Sunday night or you're hearing it before Thursday reminder I would say tie a ribbon around your finger but since this is Castlevania tie a whip around your finger and get that old school Castlevania before Thursday
Unless you are morally opposed to the Epic Games Store, in which case, I'm sure there are plenty of other free games out there for you to play.
I'm sure it will end up in a Humble Monthly here soon enough.
Yeah.
It will.
Uh, well, thank you, DarkTetsuyu, who says, good on Rob for the shout out.
You're welcome.
Well, you know what?
When we say free games, we really should, I almost feel like in some ways, I don't want to propose major changes to the show structure, but I'm always like, maybe instead of talking about new releases, we should just talk about, here's the fucking free shit this week for you to go grab.
I mean, we could do that.
It's kind of more in line with Jamie's goal for next year as opposed to talking about what is new, available for you to spend a lot of money on.
Go blow up your backlog with more free shit.
That might be an interesting... Speaking of which, we should mention that Snakebird Complete is also on Epic Games Store right now.
I don't know what it is, but it's free and it looks neat.
That was already in my collections.
They've given it away before at some point, but that's alright.
Yeah, I mean, my library in Epic Games is pretty big.
I have a few things I did purchase, like Borderlands 3, Goat Simulator 3...
the only thing I paid money for besides Fortnite related things because I had to have that Ariana Grande skin just like DarkSakura the only thing I paid money for I also had to have Emma I got Tetris Effect when the PC version was out on Epic Game Store because it was exclusive there and when I got my machine that could do 4K games I was like what game do I want to play in 4K more than anything else and Tetris Effect was the winner
Yeah, Karim Baros for Raw K-City.
I've made a lot of mistakes on the Epic Games Store.
Portland 3 is alright, and Goat Simulator 3 is excellent.
I've been trying to grab, I think Goat Simulator 1 is next week or was last week or something, I think that was it.
It's out now, it's like 30 bucks though.
Oh, I thought that was an old game they were giving away.
Alright, well, whatever.
Yeah, because it just did the remaster, so it's, that just came out.
I mean, if, yeah, if Goat Simulator 3 ever hops into, I mean, it's just worth getting anyways, it's a stupid fun game.
On the Epic Store, they usually show you what next week's games are too, right next to the current week games.
It'll show you the next game.
Sometimes, yeah.
Next week is Beholder.
Okay.
I don't know what that is.
I don't either, but sometimes they release some indie games in there that are like, oh, I wish I'd seen this before.
I played some cute little space game that was that way.
I'd never heard of it until I played it.
Now, of course, I can't remember the name in the moment, but I've discovered some interesting games through that.
All right.
Well, hey, but when we talk about getting free games, we mean games that are like licensed to be free, not pirating games.
That is not something we endorse is pirating current games that are out there.
Yeah.
Do not do that type of piracy or else Nintendo will catch you.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So what happened is that in 2023, Nintendo hired a law firm, Mitchell Silberberg and Knupp, to investigate free shops, which is what they call pirated Switch game stores online.
And this legal firm found Archbox and noted, here's some online postings that suggest that Archbox is near Phoenix, Arizona, and at one time into Midwestern University.
and then in 2015, a Reddit user called Archbox posted to a community called Switch Pirates.
So just a heads up, Reddit, Nintendo's watching you or Nintendo's legal arm is watching you.
Using a turtle avatar posted to r slash Phoenix saying that Midwestern University has an optometry clinic that is very good.
You get examined by a student and then the doctor.
So as you know,
and DarkSakura.com.
in about February of 2024 Nintendo succeeded linking the name Archbox to Nintendo accounts to the individual James Williams and apparently Nintendo had email addresses for this individual and repair orders
So this pirate at some point, alleged pirate, had apparently requested repairs from Nintendo, and they tied that all together because he lived in Surprise, Arizona, which is a suburb of Phoenix.
Surprise!
Surprise!
We have your address and all this supporting information.
Please enjoy your cease and desist.
That's pretty wild.
The moral of the story here is if you're going to commit piracy or do any sort of illegal things, don't use the same email that you use for everything else or the same profile name for everything else.
It's Reddit.
You can just spin up
A throwaway account?
Easy.
Why are you doing this?
Yeah.
Phil of Nine in chat says, Rob, I've seen your posts in the Nintendogs subreddit.
No.
In fact, I rarely... I don't remember the last time I made a post on Reddit.
It probably would have either been in...
Final Fantasy XIV subreddit, the Ingress subreddit.
You already know what shit I play.
Those are the reddits I'm probably looking at.
Probably something related to RuPaul's Drag Race.
And I stopped watching that show as frequently as I used to anyway several years ago.
I don't think I've made a post to reddit in a very long time to be honest.
And besides, Phil, it would not have been the Nintendogs subreddit.
It would have been the Nintendogs plus Cats subreddit.
Which was the superior version of the game.
All right.
Let's open it up to you all and some of the things you have to say.
If you want to email us for a future episode, participate at orangelaunchradio.com is a great place to do it.
And we appreciate all of the emails.
But in the interim, we're also getting a few folks that are following us now on Blue Sky.
Thank you very much.
You can follow us on Blue Sky at orangelaunchradio.com.
That's right.
You can actually have your domain.
Be your sort of verified blue sky name.
So it's very easy to find us.
We're just at OrangeLondrina.com.
By the way, there's also an at VOG Network.
And right now all the rage is starter packs.
So there's a VOG Network starter pack.
And if you follow that, you're going to get this show, Bobby, DarkSakura, Loki, me.
Ranma, Anime Jam Session.
You're going to get all that stuff.
And some of you are in it.
Some of you that have been... Bobby put that together and pretty much if he recognized you as a serial commenter, you're in that pack too.
So check it out.
All right.
And we love you.
We love the serial commenters.
Okay.
I like cereal.
That's the Reddit I need to go post on is breakfast cereal, except it's a lot of carbs.
Okay, so here's... So again, because you oftentimes get actual interactions on...
BlueSky.
I made a kind of tongue-in-cheek post, okay?
So there's this trend on BlueSky called FCF.
I'm not going to tell you what it means, what it really means.
If you want to go to the darker parts of the internet and figure it out, have fun, but don't say I didn't warn you.
It's an X-rated thing, okay?
That's all I'm going to say.
But I made a tongue-in-cheek joke, and I posted it on our account.
I said, Happy Fat Cartridge Friday!
What is your favorite Neo Geo game?
Because Fat Cartridge Friday.
Let's take a look at what is your favorite Neo Geo game?
And I put mine is Fatal Fury Special, which is true.
Mine is Fatal Fury Special.
And apparently this got picked up by some Neo Geo fans.
And we actually got some pretty legit responses to this.
So you ready?
So Rin Mari out there.
Great to hear from you.
I see Rin in chat sometimes.
They said Strikers 1945+.
is a good one.
Yes, DarkSakura is here to rate your picks.
Yep, I'm here for it.
Deft says it's hard to choose.
You have a plethora of fighting games like Art of Fighting, Fatal Fury, King of Fighters.
There's also sports games like Super Sidekicks, Neo Turf Masters.
There's Meadow Slug, Magical Drop, Arrow Fighters.
So basically, Deft couldn't fucking pick one.
That's fine.
That's fine.
PodCulture said never had that system, to which I replied, well, didn't you ever see like a Neo Geo arcade cabinet at your local pizzeria or something?
And PodCulture said, nope, never.
So I, cause I never owned a Neo Geo.
Those things were fucking expensive.
I didn't have any friends with one either until like- I have one.
I know until like later in life that I met people that had a Neo Geo like years after the fact or I just didn't know them then um but most people I would assume played that four-in-one Neo Geo arcade machine at some point that's how that's how I played Bust a Move you know and all that stuff so that's a little pawn yeah that was my jam uh Magical Drop was another one that came to mind for me Metal Slug yeah um other comments oh this is a good one Dungeon Buster said
DungeonBuster said, I have a soft spot for crossed swords.
That was a good one.
Interesting.
That was a good one.
Gabriel Engard replied and said, Each one in the series is great, but I find myself returning to Art of Fighting a lot.
Giant scaling sprites, iconic sound design, great music, actually solid mechanics, possibly first desperation moves.
A real classic.
Art of Fighting was pretty badass.
That's a good call.
Art of Fighting, the way it did the zooms and all that stuff, and the characters were so fucking big.
It was a neat game.
I really liked it.
let's see FoxHack says Art of Fighting 2 I've been a real main for 30 years well and that gave us Yuri and her butt attack
DarkTetsuya says Special was definitely my favorite of the Final Fantasy Fatal Furies Also loved Arrow Fighters 2, Shock Troopers, Samurai Shodown 2, and Metal Slug 2 Samurai Shodown 2 was one who had Chom Chom and it had this little special move so you could turn them into chibis I played that in an arcade until they finally changed it out for 3 and I was very sad
Let's see, SGO100Matt says I always dumped a lot of quarters into any of the metal slugs, but King of the Monsters Super Baseball 2020 and Windjammers were always must plays whenever I came across them in the arcade Oh, that fucking King of Monsters game was on every goddamn Neo Geo cabinet I ever came across in my entire life I'm gonna throw one out right now What's that?
The Last Blade series Which I wish I owned a copy of Last Blade 2 for Neo Geo I just have the Dreamcast one
Deft with a very interesting cultural comment in chat saying, it's like choosing a favorite child.
You can't.
Besides, I'm Mexican, as in being literally in Mexico, where I know he listens to the show from.
I grew up on SNK and Neo Geo arcades.
Were those machines that prolific there?
I never realized that was a thing, but I guess if you're saying that, they must have been pretty prolific there.
there were relatively cost effective machines too because you could buy multiple cartridges and only have to own one machine then you would just switch out your cartridges ended up being a lot more cost effective than having to buy a new cabinet for every new thing that came out interesting point
and Deft confirms in chat, yeah PonyTouchogen in chat, sorry, on BlueSky I'm getting confused, this is why we don't introduce new segments to the show very often PonyTouchogen on BlueSky says Alpha Mission 2
and then we got a screenshot from HKT3030.bsky.social who says, I think probably Metal Slug for me down at the bottom in the shock box.
I've added Samurai Showdown to my collection since this photo was taken and we actually got a picture of a collection here that has a lot of classics in here including there's Windjammers, Garumaka the Wolves,
Street Hoop somebody's got a very impressive collection over there so DarkSakura I don't know if you can see the collection on Discord but would you rate this person's collection?
Hold on, let me see if I can take a look.
It's awfully small for me.
Oh, sorry, yeah.
So, Metal Slug, S tier.
Street Hoop, puzzle bobble, S tier.
Garou, Mark of the Wolves, S tier.
Golf, I don't like golf games, so D minus.
Windjammers, I'll give that a solid A. King of Fighters, 96, right?
98.
King of Fighters, 98. 98?
That's an interesting one.
I'll give that an A+.
Okay.
Super... I can't see.
Super Sidekicks 2.
Eh, not into it.
It gets a C. And then I guess that's Garou Densetsu 2?
Yes, the newcomers.
Yeah, that's an A tier.
And then Real Battle Fatal Fury?
Yep.
I'm gonna give that an A-.
I can't believe we just tier listed some guy's collection on our show.
He had a couple of... And I actually have some of those too.
It's actually a pretty decent collection because even the not-so-great Neo Geo games, they go for money now.
I think we've got Magician Lord...
baseball stars we have KOF 2000 we have Summer Showdown 1 and 2 and I can't think of what else we have I'd have to go look in the other room
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Is that a golfing joke?
Maybe.
You decide.
All right.
Some people like different strokes.
Yeah.
With different folks.
We got another reply from iKamit.
I don't know.
I'm sorry if I'm mispronouncing that.
Sorry, my friend.
It could be iKamit.
No, I think it's iKamit, who says, The Last Blade 2, something about the mix of King of Fighters-style movement and Samurai Showdown-style combos just vibes with me.
The little cinematics between it really make it for me too.
They're classy.
That's a good word for it.
They're classy.
All right.
Well, thanks for those responses.
That was fun.
Thanks, Blue Sky.
You get an S tier on your work on that assignment this week.
Thank you, folks.
You know what?
I need to make like a MIDI version of Mr. Blue Sky for us to play during that segment.
I like that, I like that I was going to say, you should turn tier list I'm giving you free ideas, Jamie, for your personal channel Take them Tier list my video game collection as a redeem Oh shit You know, I actually was It's so funny because I was trying to think of another I forgot what segment I said we were going to do as an extra next year for classics That I could do Um
I could do like viewer suggestion tier list like my top tens and so it's quick and easy but we'll see all right haven't decided well let's travel around and do some last minute stories I don't know if we have any of those Loki I don't think so I didn't see anything okay fair enough
Well, then that means we're at about the end of the show.
um so with that uh we're gonna wrap up and head on out for the night but we will be back in seven days to do it all over again uh we will still be doing the show through Thanksgiving holiday because Thanksgiving's on a Thursday and I don't think any of us are going on any big trips so we'll still be here um bringing you new shows so check it out well and and of course if you don't mind me mentioning Friday I'll be going all day
Yes.
Not this Friday, though.
Next Friday.
No.
I'm doing a Black Friday thing because why stay in line?
Why waste all of your money when you could waste it on other things?
What time are you starting?
Instead, watch me.
10 a.m.
this time.
Okay, so I will probably be there at the very beginning, and I can lurk for the day, but I am going to the Bay Area for Friendsgiving that day.
You need to at least play one game with me.
I will do one game with you, and just for you, DarkSakura, I will do Himbo Chris, just for you, if you want.
Yes.
Okay.
All right.
Okay.
Himbo Chris Redfield, just for DarkSakura.
And this is where I duck out, but I just want to let everybody know that you don't need a holiday to be thankful for the people in your life.
I think we're going to show thanks for those sorts of people a lot over the coming months.
That's for sure.
Thank you.
And when we say thank you all for listening and being here, we fucking mean it.
Thank you, DarkSakura, for being here as well.
And have a good stream.
Thank you.
Have a good evening.
You got it.
Alright, let's go over to Loki.
Your final thought tonight.
I have a very busy two weeks even though I'm off work.
Good for you.
I'm excited for you.
Do you think you're actually going to get to do creative or is it going to be, nope, you're off work, go clean the backyard or something, like do projects around the house?
No, thankfully we have people that do that kind of thing.
No, um...
No, I think I will try to get... I need to get that one build done.
So I'm going to try to work on that as much as I can.
I still wanted to get another episode out before that.
I was hoping to have that done this weekend, but the Redstone's taking too long.
You're just trying to figure out everything.
So now that I have it done, all of the assets are done, it's just going to be figuring out what the build's going to look like and maybe putting out an episode...
I don't want that to take too much time up though because like I said I only have two weeks to get this thing done and it's massive so we'll see alright well then my final thought is I was really upset because I recorded a great ColecoVision look back for my YouTube channel at Rob Roberts Plays but I had massive sound fail so I'm going to have to re-record it tonight and I hate to say it was a good one because I played the Smurfs Adventure on ColecoVision
Oh yeah, I still love that.
Oh, that fucking game.
So I'm going to re-record it tonight, but unfortunately it won't be quite as I'm actually debating maybe doing the Atari version instead because, I don't know, I'm kind of going back and forth in my mind right now because it's like, oh well shit, I already played the Coleco one now, it just didn't get recorded right.
But such is the lives and dreams of a YouTuber, sometimes you fuck up and it ruins the whole project, right Loki?
Mm-hmm.
Luckily, when we fuck up here on OLR, we just say, fuck it, we're putting it out anyway.
So we can edit that part out, right?
Except it's very rare we actually edit it out.
It has to be really bad to get it edited out.
But yeah, so we just do it live, I guess.
So we'll be back in seven days to do it live all over again.
Thank you all so much for being here.
I hope you have a wonderful week.
Enjoy, and we'll see you next time.
Bye, everybody.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
See you next week.
