Marketing is a weird beast.
Existing customers lose features in order to subsidize new customers.
Obviously, a company needs growth, but where's the line?
How often does a company try to lure new customers at the expense of their existing ones, making the problem worse on both fronts?
Too often.
The enshitification of GeForce Now starts in 2025, and it was already pretty niche.
This is the Service Graveyard Headline.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about this story and the rest of the week's gaming news.
Starting right now on the show, wherever your gamer has a voice...
Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio.
We're live once again with episode number 1024 for tonight.
Interestingly enough, November 10th, 2024, so there's like a 10 and a 24 if you believe in that
DarkSakura.com
Perhaps they'll join us and chat a little later on tonight.
But if they're napping through the entire show tonight, then I don't blame her whatsoever.
So yeah, so she'll be out tonight.
But of course, we do have joining us this week.
Say hello to Tech Master Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki.
How are you?
Pretty good.
Interesting choice of the game playing behind you tonight.
You have a little video game capture of Wolfenstein 3D.
Wolfenstein 3D.
What brought this game to mind?
You know, sometimes you gotta kill some Nazis That's right, that's, yeah, always, always, alright So, yeah, this takes me, you know what's funny?
I was thinking about this game just a couple days ago And nothing, nothing to do, like, no jokes about the news or anything But I was at a, like, a gathering of gay gamers here locally with a friend of mine And, you know, we were looking around the game library And one of the games that I decided to play was Doom 2
and it just caused this whole throwback conversation to like you know the 90s and how we used to play these like really simple because somebody in the room commented who had to have been like in their mid-20s was like you can't even jump in this game and it's like oh no you sweet summer child oh where would you where would you oh you mean in Doom 2 yeah Wolfenstein where would you jump you hit the ceiling
and then it was like one of those like yeah the games back then there wasn't like you know it was it was very simple and then that kind of went to talk about Wolfenstein 3D and it was like I remember the big thing that we used to do as the map editors back in the day right like I loved and I I know you being the Minecraft modding person that you are have built several Wolfenstein 3D maps in your day I'm sure oh yeah oh yeah of course do you ever build any do you
I did not build any Doom maps I did Duke Nukem I did Duke Nukem maps with the build engine Wolfenstein I did build maps at least a couple maps one of the things that the neighbors used to like to do is make super violent mods I guess we just, hey let's put some more red pixels in there, you know that would be fun so we did that for a while
That's neat.
I remember the most famous like mod I remember for Wolfenstein was the Mortal Kombat one where it turned like the bosses into Mortal Kombat characters that would do, you know, when you, it was really gross deaths and everything when they got, you know, unalived and all that stuff.
So yeah, good times, good times.
Yeah, or just hard maps with all of the, you know, spoiler Pac-Man characters because there's the Pac-Man ghosts that were, you can't kill them.
Oh my gosh.
Impossible to kill.
So it's like, it's like Asshole Mario or those really hard Mario Maker levels, but in Wolfenstein.
Yeah, it was fun.
And then of course, you know, uh, making all of the movable walls, just like, just make them all over the place because that was fun.
Yeah.
I feel like we need more open-ended creative games.
The market's kind of softened on that a little bit.
And I realize that sounds ridiculous talking to somebody who does a ton of Minecraft videos.
But I'm thinking of things like we haven't had a Mario Maker or a little big planet.
We had the story recently about the server shutting down.
I don't know.
I feel like that casual level-making, sharing mode thing has kind of disappeared for a minute.
Unless there's something I'm not thinking of, which is completely possible.
Yeah.
I'm surprised people haven't I mean I'm sure someone's experimented with it somewhat but like I would think that the file formats for these older games especially like Wolfenstein 3 and stuff to create the levels uh would be something that like a AI or like a machine learning model would be able to kind of like at least figure out the format like to build the level for you like hey I want a level
I want you to make 10 levels for me or something like that and just see if it can create a map.
Not necessarily the whole route that we have with the AI Minecraft thing where it's not really Minecraft, it's just trained on images of Minecraft and so it's all...
and you know, Trippy because it forgets everything.
But like something you'd say, okay, you know, the map should have a start and an end and you should have enemies inside and they should have rooms and they should be connected by doors and basically set that up for you because I wouldn't think that would be that hard to like
that could be interesting you know obviously there's you know limits to the artistic use of AI that I can support but that could be interesting like something that starts building the level for you with like an AI prompt and then you can go in there and you know zhuzh it up around the edges and really make it what your vision of it is that could be very interesting that's the thing like with AI and a lot of like the design stuff like I could see
that being used in game development but like say you wanted to
I'm going to create an ancient city level or something like that.
You could tell the AI, hey, this is what I'm looking to create.
Can you gray box this for me and just create the kind of structure?
And then the artists come in and go, okay, here's the structure of it.
And now we're going to actually make it look like something nice and just design that.
Sometimes even level design anywhere, because I'm going to have to deal with this next season.
with designing a dungeon.
Level design can be kind of hard, like, figuring out, like...
what I want I want to have it be somewhat even but yet random and a maze I think you could train AI to I keep saying AI but machine learning you train a model to figure that out or at least assist in that that might be kind of helpful not necessarily like let's create the final product as some higher up execs want to do it's like no you can't talk to a hammer and say okay create me a cabinet
Well, I'm waiting.
What's going on?
You gotta have something where you can just speed up the process, but then let the artists actually take it and finish it.
I think that would be...
Something that, you know, everybody could be on board with making your job easier, but not like replacing the artists.
Yeah, exactly.
Or the coders.
As it should be, a tool to help jumpstart things, but not to replace things.
That's like the key difference, right?
So yeah, I would see that sort of design as like it's jumpstarting, but it's not doing it all, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, because there's a lot of like AI stuff, even like in content creation spaces, like they've got, you know, vidIQ and 2B or whatever the thing is, 2Buddy or I don't remember what it's called now anymore, but I don't use it.
vidIQ, for example, they'll try to do, hey, we'll use AI to design you a thumbnail or AI to design you like a...
a title for your video and they usually all suck like they're awful and and so it's like that is that's more of a buzzword and to trying to sell something to somebody doesn't know what exactly that means but a lot of times it's about as good as one of those like random generators like hey I need a I need a Star Wars name for my character let's go to the random generate and keep hitting you know generate and see what we get and
It's not great.
Did you hear Tony Todd passed away this week, which is really sad?
Horror icon.
Candyman was his most famous role.
Ah, yeah, yeah.
Well, so Final Destination, you know, is a really, really, really big loss in the horror community.
He's been here for the horror conventions a couple times and really sad.
And I saw, you know, people are posting their tributes online and I saw this one tribute that was an AI-generated art
of like Freddy, Jason, and Michael Myers standing around a tombstone that said Candyman and my only thought I had two thoughts I was like number one I mean no disrespect to Tony Todd who is a legend in the horror industry and everything but the reality is if wouldn't wouldn't serial killers like that be celebrating that somebody died like why would they all be sad
This is a bit of a logic problem there.
They're unionized.
They have a union.
Apparently.
When they lose one of their own, it is a sad time.
Granted, that industry is not looked highly upon, but they have their... And the other thing I was like, if I ever pass away...
please please please please please please please do not honor me with some fucking AI generative thing please do not do that you don't I would rather you just I would rather a white text on black background twitter apology from a corporation I would rather that because at least maybe some thought went into that you know I like you know an AI generated uh Betty White or whatever like crouching in a grave throwing up a peace sign you know like that oh
An AI Betty White welcoming me into heaven.
Oh, my God.
Okay, let's just talk about it.
Now, if someone could create an AI Betty White that could be your house assistant that you could talk to, I mean, that's not the worst thing that we could be using AI for.
I'm sure it's just one of those, like, I'm sure we're only moments away from Siri voices being that potentially, you know, or those type of AI assistant.
I'm sure it already exists.
but anyway like I don't want to just you know again it's when it replaces art that it bothers me I actually I'm really intrigued by your idea on where it could go for game development as far as like you know I think that's very interesting the idea of like a game like let's say a little big planet type of game or even like a Dreams like Dreams was really ambitious right and like what if Dreams could sort of have that jump start mode where maybe a prompt like that sort of starts you off and gets you the skeleton and then you're in there filling in the gaps I think that that would be
Kind of bomb.
I'm really interested in that.
And a lot of those things, I wouldn't necessarily say it should be a big open thing.
Have your own studio come up with your own criteria for your types of game that you make.
If it's Ubisoft, it's like, okay, where are we going to put our radio towers?
AI figured that out for us.
Something to the effect of like,
Yeah, just generating the general shape of the land and just kind of where, okay, landmarks should go or something like that.
And then you have the artists come in and like, okay, because it's essentially when you're like prototyping it with like the gray box stuff, you know, that's what you're doing is just laying out where things can go.
And I don't think like AI stepping in to assist with that is going to be like the end of the world.
It's like, oh no, it told me to put that crate over there.
We're stealing some artist's interpretation of where the crates should go.
I mean, if you think about a game like No Man's Sky, everything, and I love that game, everything on the planets, that is AI in a sense.
It's based off a generative model type of thing, and it's fine because it's not, you know, everything is generated on the planet.
It's not the actual, you know, like art that goes into it and all that other stuff.
Anyway.
BobbyBlackWolf.com
and DarkSakura.com
Uh, PogCulture saying, we need a new Sackboy game.
Uh, Dart2Studio saying, I think there was a newish Lode Runner.
I don't know how the level building stuff worked, if you could share it or not, though.
Um, I think you could.
But Lode Runner, and I, I love Lode Runner and what it meant for, like, it really is, like, the earliest form of a Mario Maker, that type of thing.
But Lode Runner really feels like a dated IP at this point.
Like, it's a really, like, they really just haven't really been able to innovate on that because, and it's,
It's a relic of a different time, right?
I think it's a very hard thing to innovate on.
So I didn't care for the new Lode Runner that much.
I remember playing it just a little bit, but I was like, it just kind of feels dated at this point.
Let's see.
And yeah, people are talking about the tribute for me someday, which is a little morbid.
But DJ Ranma S says, I can picture the Golden Girls and Richard Simmons sitting around a table enjoying mojitos.
possibly.
I guess mojitos are pretty good.
I'll accept mojitos.
Anyway.
Let's get into our kickoff topic tonight, the thing we actually wanted to talk about tonight.
And Nintendo announced something, but you might have missed it, Loki.
I don't think you did at this point, but Loki, what happened this week with Nintendo?
So they announced that the Switch successor will be backwards compatible with the Switch, though they announced it like in the middle of all this election nonsense that was going on.
Mm-hmm.
so it's it was kind of out of nowhere but yeah they said that the Nintendo Switch or Nintendo Switch Online will be available on the successor as well and that yeah it will be backwards compatible with your game library.
Yes and to be fair and I'm sure you know this but for everybody out there be sure to critically think why would Nintendo announce this right in the middle of all the election fuckery in America because where is Nintendo based?
Japan, and they were doing a scheduled earnings call, just like they tend to do in America with those companies.
And of course, the Japanese calendar is not going to revolve around American stuff.
And when it was nighttime here, it was daytime over there.
It was the perfect time for the earnings call.
So I think we all understand the timing of that now.
It's just one of those weird coincidence type of things.
I'm pretty sure that was self-explanatory.
But just to clear the confusion, because I definitely saw
Just a couple people out there who, you know, and I can understand why people were letting their guard down on election night a little bit, but, you know, you all got to critically think a little bit.
Does Nintendo follow the American calendar?
No, they don't.
So, yeah.
But a little more about, like, why this news probably came out overall, you know, I was kind of thinking about it a little bit.
I think this might be, and the reason why they've announced it now in November before the Prime shopping season is simply that they don't want to cannibalize sales of Switch software.
Yeah, I think that's it.
You know, still, the games that are coming out throughout the holiday season, Nintendo wants to assure you that if you buy it, you're not just going to suddenly not be able to play it anymore.
You know, and I think that that was a real concern for people.
And I think sometimes towards the end of life for a certain console may make them a little sluggish, like, well, why would I buy this new game now?
DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Maybe it was the Wii and Wii U like that.
Or I think you still have to repurchase everything, if I remember correctly.
But yeah, it kind of sucks.
You'd have to transfer from one console to the next, which is just dumb.
So I'm hoping that this century... You would boot your Wii U into a Wii mode.
And you could transfer everything from your Wii, if I remember right.
That's right.
Gosh, we forget how dumb these things were in the past.
I'm thinking it'll be a little smoother this time, but we'll see.
I hope so.
RecordWN says, so we thinking holiday next year or what?
I think probably end of March.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It's extremely disappointing, to put it mildly, that things went the way they did.
There's a lot of things negative I could say about that.
All I know right now is that we're gonna probably need community and we're gonna need each other more than ever.
And so, you know, you've got to really find your people and find your community and take care of each other because Lord knows the rest of the world, or at least the rest of America, excuse me, specifically, the rest of America does not give a shit about you.
That's for sure.
The rest of America will sell you up the fucking river for cheaper gas and eggs, or excuse me, the illusion of cheaper gas and eggs.
So, yeah, this is extremely disappointing.
Isn't it weird how the gas prices are coming down even though there's not a new president in office yet?
It's so strange.
It's almost like they're unconnected.
Yeah.
You know, and I've been trying to unpack and there's been a lot of finger pointing and blame placing, especially people that are generally liberal, blaming other people who are generally liberal, which is really the worst possible thing you could do right now.
I'm not really interested in doing that.
I will say if I had to go down that route, I think it's very obvious to me that the person who made the wrong decision was Joe Biden.
and I completely respect Joe Biden and think he's done a lot of great things to this country but the fact that he did not read the tea leaves a lot sooner the fact that he kind of went back on his you know one term he was going to be pass it on to the younger generation that whole thing a long time ago and went back on that he waited way too fucking late to drop out in this process
and Rob did the party of a primary process and all the things that come with that.
Now, I think Kamala Harris is a great fucking candidate.
And I think especially considering the circumstances, she ran a hell of a fucking campaign when you consider it was only, what, 100 days?
And if you look at the states where they focused all the attention, those seven swing states, did they win them?
No.
But did they close the gap closer than they did in the states where she wasn't running the TV ads and those sorts of things constantly?
Yeah, so it's almost as if the country had more time to kind of get to know her as a candidate.
There would have probably been a higher chance that that would have happened.
So I would prefer to have a choice, though, of who was running instead of just like, I mean, yeah, that's going to be them.
That would have been nice.
But, you know, I
I like to think in that situation, there's a lot of me that probably would have went for Kamala anyway, but we'll never know.
And unfortunately, that decision from Joe Biden ruined us of that opportunity.
And again, I'm not here to shit on him because he's done a lot contrary to what other people will try to tell you when it comes to the economy, when it comes to us rebounding out of COVID, when it comes to a lot of the things we have access to and sanity and all that stuff, he's done a lot.
and DarkSakura.com
Anyway, I want to kind of move on from that part of it because the other part of that, and this is very important, this is the other reason why we lost.
And this is what folks who can't stand Trump and everything, folks that are the worst of the worst, this is what they're doing very well.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
A couple different ways, quite frankly.
They decide to tell you what the meaning is behind that and push that in your face over and over and over and over and over again.
And there's these – you could find very easily a hundred cases of hypocrisy where one side does one thing, the other side does the exact same thing, but it's always the left's fault every single time.
and it's not just Fox News.
It's all these series of podcasts that are out there.
It's all these series of influencers, YouTube and it's also now social media.
It's X. It's that website.
which we all know what happened to X. And no, I'm not going to call it Twitter anymore.
Twitter's fucking dead.
Twitter is fucking dead and it's been dead for years.
It's X. And X is a right-wing platform.
And that is a big problem.
You know, we don't have, when you look at all those things, when you look at influential left podcasts, when you look at influential TV networks that are played in the dentist's office in the South of America, when you look at all those things, we don't have any of that.
None of it.
That's the problem.
Until we're able to fix that and get the messaging out more effectively, then maybe when we have a 100-day campaign, we can get things out.
But do you think the view is going to do it?
No.
Do you think MSNBC is influential enough?
Not really.
There's not a lot of people that are tuned in to niche news channels that much.
How many dentist offices are playing MSNBC in different parts of the country?
And it shouldn't really be tilted any way, one way or the other, to be quite frank.
Anyway, I realize that might be a lot of politics for you all.
I don't really care.
These are things that are going to affect my life and me personally.
I can sit here and hope for the best, but I'm absolutely going to prepare for the worst.
And I don't need a fucking lecture from other people trying to tell me how to feel about it.
I just don't.
Fucking spare me.
If you tell me that I have nothing to worry about, great.
Why don't you actively work to make sure that I have nothing to worry about?
Because words are fucking empty.
I love the messaging too that they say that we have to rally around this new president despite the fact for the last four years they have been saying fake.
That's the hypocrisy thing, right?
All that again.
All that again.
So just anyway, I'm over it.
But yeah, believe it or not, yes, I remember this all started with a chat comment.
Record WN in chat says, so we thinking holiday next year or what?
Sorry, Record at WN.
I don't blame you for the political tangent.
It was coming either way.
But here's the answer to this question the more I think about it.
Nintendo was supposed to announce that successor console this year, at least for all intents and purposes.
They didn't, and we've all been frustrated by that.
Why haven't they announced the successor console yet?
I think they're waiting some of this out.
They don't know what's going to happen.
I think at this point, I think everything that's happened in America, you just confirmed this console's not getting announced until next summer because they don't know what it's going to cost.
Nintendo cannot come out now and say the Switch successor's going to cost $499.
They can't do it.
They don't know.
They don't know what things are going to cost now.
Yeah, I don't know if that's why.
I think when they said this year, I think they're talking about this financial year, which they still have time, and I still think it's going to be kind of along the lines of how they announced the Switch, which was it was basically a few months prior to it coming out, and then it was out.
and I think that's what they're going to do again because they don't really need to go any longer than that and tariffs or not I think they're still going to I mean they're not going to like hold the console just because of tariffs and it's going to take some time before that even gets in place and I'm sure there's people going to talk them out of it because it's a dumb idea anyways everyone's like yeah it's good because he's an idiot and doesn't understand how tariffs work and that the price what corporations absorb that cost god no you know the consumer will absorb that cost
Let's talk about all the people that are googling what are tariffs after election day.
That's a whole other issue.
But that's the communication issue.
That should have been known a long time ago.
There's a lot of embarrassing things I've seen.
There was a whole segment on, was it Kimmel or whatever, talking about people saying, hey, so who are you voting for in the election?
This was literally the day after the election.
They're like, oh yeah, I'm voting for this person.
I'm ready to vote tonight.
It's like, you know that was yesterday, right?
You know, just...
It's just, there's so many reasons to be disappointed with people.
You know, there's 10 million people that sat at home.
It's like, okay, okay, well then don't complain.
I don't want to hear any complaint from these people.
Again, the lesson I've learned is that Americans don't give a fuck about me.
They don't.
and that's the lesson I'm taking away from all this.
So I'm going to take precautions to protect me and my people and the people I care about.
And the people that are celebrating this, you can all have each other.
Do not ring my phone when problems start.
Do not ring my phone.
I am busy.
Anyway, so yeah, we don't know what these things are going to cost now.
I mean, yeah, how fast can these things really move?
And we already know that now there's going to be all these legal challenges.
And I think it's kind of interesting.
They're probably going to use some of his strategies against him and try to delay, delay, delay with the legal process and all this stuff.
So...
We'll see.
We'll see.
But I remember the first time he was in office, every morning we'd wake up and it's that Picard meme going, damage report.
That's going to be what it is for the next little while.
We're going to wake up every morning and go, damage report.
What's going to be more expensive today?
What fucking tweet started a symbol under us now?
Don't you worry.
When the four years is up, I'm sure they'll blame the Democrats for anything that he fucked up in office.
Exactly.
When they have full control of the entire government, I'm sure somehow it will still be Democrats' fault.
When the measles have come back because, you know, RFK is going to go wild with healthcare, that'll be why.
Anyway, do not call.
Where's that Kamala meme of her going, do not come.
Do not come.
That's me right now.
When everything goes to hell, do not call.
Do not call.
Do not call.
But hey, Blue Sky is nice.
I love Blue Sky.
One thing I will say about Blue Sky that is kind of nice, you know how they have those giant lists of all these horrible MAGA people or Nazi people that list their stuff in the comments?
Blue Sky has an option where you can go to those lists and ban them all or block them all.
All at once.
It's so great.
You don't have to go one by one.
It's just hundreds of people you'll never have to hear from ever.
Blocking is a great mechanism on Blue Sky because it works even differently than X because they vanish.
Like when you just like literally like you never existed and they never existed.
It's it's fabulous.
Yeah, if you haven't looked into Blue Sky yet, it's great.
You know, at least for now, I'm sure people will come in and ruin it later.
But we know the interesting thing about Blue Sky is it's built on a back end where like it's literally bought, built, excuse me, so the Elon Musk situation can't happen.
Nobody can come in and buy Blue Sky.
And even if they did, everybody can take because it's all built on that app protocol thing.
You could take what's built there and move it to another infrastructure.
Easy.
It's kind of like Mastodon a lot in that way, except a little more centralized than Mastodon was, which solves the problem of being easier to use.
So yeah, I would really encourage people to look into that website.
But also at the same time, it's not like Blue Sky is some big bubble that is problem-free.
No, all the regular problems in social media are still going to be there, but it's just you have more tools and just less noise.
Again, the problem with X is that
If you pay Elon Musk money, you can get your replies boosted to the top.
And he pays people based on the ad revenue, people to write stupid clickbait, engaging shit, not just in their posts, but in the comments.
And it's just things to get elevated.
There's a...
X is built to be an echo chamber.
Yeah, you want to hear a funny story.
So when our friends recently got married, or she got remarried, and her brother, he is a photographer.
He does a lot of that, like...
It's like astronomy, but it's like a lot of like pictures of the night sky.
Like he's got a telescope, takes a lot of pictures with his telescope and posts them on there.
And he's got a very big account.
It's like 300,000 followers now.
He's like, yeah, on the posts I get the most traction on are the ones that are like kind of
Open up and then someone starts having like this flat earth like starts arguing back and forth like the most toxic stuff ever but he just gets paid so much for it not that he's contributing to any of that he's just posting pictures of stars you know and stuff like that but but people that are on there just like churning all that stuff is like get all the ad views and he makes tons of money off of that stuff yeah he's like yeah it's it's it's gross but it's a living
S. Jonah and Matt says, avoid giving X any engagements.
That owner had a direct hand and all of this is cheap propagandist.
100,000%.
Oh, he's still going to be on the cabinet, too.
He's going to be in charge of, like, what is it?
He's going to probably be in charge of the FCC and stuff.
In charge of giving himself more money.
Yep.
Anyway.
Ah, tangent, but I'm also not going to apologize for the way I feel.
I think there's too many streamers out there that's like, I don't want to get political because I might risk her alienating people.
I don't give a fuck.
Be alienated.
Guess how I feel.
Do you think I don't feel alienated?
I don't give a fuck.
It's very popular to say on the other side, fuck your feelings.
It doesn't really feel good when it goes the other way, does it?
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I played mostly Minecraft and I've been you know working on the theme park stuff so I posted a video earlier this week talking about like some of the new rides I got the boardwalk all done so I had a couple mini games that I put together and all that stuff and inspiration for those and so I have another one that I just made um as well and I was working on some other things with that uh we were talking we had a meeting today so we were talking like
what's going on for next season and wrapping things up because we're going to be ending
Soon, like December sometime, probably by the end of the year.
And then we're gonna have a month off and then start in February.
Hopefully I can get done by then.
I'm taking two weeks off next week.
So I'm going to, well, I'm taking it off to work on Minecraft stuff.
Like, cause I have this giant water ride.
In your creative space for a little while.
I have tomorrow off and I'll probably work on videos and stuff too.
So.
That's a good call out.
I do play mindless stuff, so unfortunately one of our cast members got me somewhat hooked on Farm Merge Valley.
It's just this awful... It's the most mobile of mobile games.
It's completely a time waster, no brain whatsoever.
But it's what I've used to decompress from work, so I'll usually play 30 minutes of that to kind of just...
Turn My Brain Off, and then once my brain is off or de-stressed from work, then I go into working on Minecraft stuff.
So I've been doing a lot of that type of stuff.
And yeah, I'm pretty far in that too, because I've been playing it a lot.
But yeah, that's pretty much it.
I don't think I've really played anything else.
No, like I said, I tried out the AI in Minecraft thing.
It was pretty dumb.
I got bored with that pretty much after one time.
I'm looking to start new projects you know especially with next season coming up and then hopefully in between things I would looking to do that to just do like a single player series or something so I can get back into playing Minecraft just for fun or not just for fun but like with more fun you're you're more content that's focused on playing Minecraft than just building things especially this season's kind of ended up like last season where it's just like
a lot of like prep stuff and then it's like rush rush rush rush at the end and just build a ton of stuff at the end and that's kind of I was trying to avoid that this season and I fell right back into it again so
we'll see what next season happens I think you bring up a really good point though about like you know sometimes especially when you're a content creator you have to play games just to have fun right because that's how you get burned out otherwise if it's always like a work work work mentality so I think that's a really good idea to just have a little fun with it and you know remind yourself why you enjoy the game so much and create content for it
it's a good idea yeah it's just it's yeah kind of going back and forth with different things and different audiences like to watch some people just like to watch people play Minecraft or or take it a bit slower um which is fine we don't have the luxury to do that when we have a timed time
Season, so the season's a bit longer than normal, but it typically runs for about a year, so I kind of, if I'm looking to do these very large-scale projects, I have to hit the ground running, like, fast.
I'm just a sprint the entire time.
And if something holds me up, like in the case of this water ride, which designing it is... It's been months already, been in the design process for this, and it's... I mean, I gotta get... This is...
do or die time.
I have to get it done within these two weeks or it's just it's probably going to extend past the end of the season, you know, so we'll see, though.
I've got a lot to do.
You have the next two weeks off, but then isn't Thanksgiving the week after that?
Well, right.
So it's not the next two.
So this week I have work, and then it's week before Thanksgiving and Thanksgiving week.
Okay, okay.
That makes sense.
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, that would be even better, though.
If you're taking two weeks, then it's like you work, what, like three days, and then you have another two days off.
Yeah, it would be nice.
Unfortunately, our...
Department would fall apart because, yeah, it's all that.
I was still waiting to see, you know, because one of the things that we're voting on in California was the minimum wage to go up, so that'd be kind of nice if my minimum exempt wage would go up again.
Is that the only way I get raises around here?
10 years of experience, get paid minimum wage.
That sounds great.
Great deal.
Going to our chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
Let's see.
Some folks talking about that they're playing the Castlevania Collection.
And then, Loki, your channel got a shout out there.
Oh, thank you.
Let's talk about my game of the week.
at least for now I still have those rights to be able to do that and you know unless the constitution goes completely to hell I should be able to continue to do that to my heart's content as should all of you and it's because of veterans who you know ensure that our interests are withheld so yes thank you Ranma I know you're a veteran I don't know who else in chat specifically is so thank you and I'm sorry I forget in the moment but I'm sure we have folks out there listening as well
who aren't as active in chat or just kind of lurking on the podcast and what have you.
So thank you as well.
Really appreciate that.
My Gaming Week.
Okay, since we're talking YouTube channels, I have one too where I do retro gameplays and I did a video for, what did I do?
Mr. Do was on the Atari 2600, which is a very interesting sort of arcade translation.
I guess this was a week of 80s arcade translations because I did Donkey Kong on Monday as well for the Atari 2600, which it's interesting to see all the corners they cut to make both these games fit in the size of an Atari 2600 cartridge.
It really makes you appreciate how hard those programmers really worked to squeeze things down to fit into a cartridge.
But boy, especially in Mr. Do, it's like the screen draws only two-thirds of the screen.
Maybe three-fourths.
I was going to say, I don't think... I never played the 2600 version, just the Coleco version, and that one was pretty good.
But 2600...
Yeah, they make a lot of concessions, but it's not as bad as Pac-Man.
It's interesting because I was noticing this in Donkey Kong as well.
Especially to somebody who's a lot younger, a kid, you get the essence of what the game was.
Like in Donkey Kong...
When you see that first level, that's an iconic level, that first level in Donkey Kong, right?
With the pink, you know, construction, you know, lines and all that stuff.
You know, you recognize that when you see it.
And Atari 2600 Donkey Kong kind of translates that best it can.
And you're able to sort of see that.
And then Mr. Dew, they kind of tried to do the same thing.
Pac-Man, they had to cut too many corners.
And so it looks a little weird.
Anyway, I only did the two videos this week.
I was supposed to do a third, but I wasn't feeling it Tuesday night.
Can't imagine why.
But I did.
I also posted a Diablo 4 gameplay video.
Just a random thing.
I was like, I wonder what kind of traction this will get.
And guess what?
Got more traction than anything else I've posted in the last month.
So...
I might have to do some more Diablo 4 videos.
We'll see.
But I've been playing quite a bit of that as well.
And still some more Final Fantasy XIV.
I also played the opening hours of Dragon Age The Veil Guard.
I played about three hours of that on stream.
And, you know, it's still early.
I've heard a lot of complaints about the story.
And I do see things where it's like...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Graphically, it looks really good.
And I like the combat so far.
It's actually really satisfying.
So there's a part of me that's like, honestly, if the next Mass Effect is done very similarly to this, like if it's in the same engine, I'm really hyped about it, to be quite honest.
I think that is really, really awesome.
Yeah.
But yeah, so so far I feel pretty good about Dragon Age, but I'll need to dive more into it to really know about the story and everything else.
But yeah, RecordWN says, I like the way that game looks.
Yeah, me too.
I liked it as well.
Bonds006 says, did not serve, but did two years of Army ROTC right out of high school, Reserve Office Training Corps.
Well, reserve is important as well.
And yeah.
So anyway, what else did I play this week?
I think that's it.
And it's all the big ones.
And then I mentioned the little party I went to.
Oh, the other game I'll mention that I played at the party.
Because I had yet to use this.
They had Taiko no Tatsujin on the PlayStation 4.
And I've played it because it was on Xbox Game Pass for a hot minute.
But they actually had the drum controller.
And I had yet to use a drum controller in a very long time.
And so that was fun.
Yeah, I was like, oh, I wish I could justify spending, thinking I would put enough hours into this game to justify the cost of this.
But I don't think I could.
But I enjoyed getting to kind of play the game with the controller again.
It's super cute.
I love Tycho.
It's such a cute little game.
All right.
Let's move on then.
If that's our Gaming Weeks, let's talk about some other headlines.
And we'll go to you, Loki.
Yeah, we got some more details regarding that whole PowWorld lawsuit from Nintendo.
So, you know, like we talked about before, there's... You would think it was about...
The designs of the pals.
But no, it's not.
It is about different systems that Nintendo has patented, which have some interesting dates to them.
So there's three.
So Pocket Pair has come out basically talking about the whole lawsuit and everything.
And basically that the company, they want 10 million yen from Pocket Pair to
between the two violations.
So part of it's going to Nintendo and the other is to the Pokemon company.
Now, I've watched some kind of analysis of this.
The idea, I think, that they're trying to do is to set precedent that they can sue these companies and have them pay them for these violations.
So here's where we come into some problems.
One, these patents were registered after Palworld was released.
These patents are for gameplay that's very generic.
So the first patent has to do with a system where a player aims and fires an item towards a character in the field and doing so triggers combat.
And then they talk about also capturing mobs with that.
Also, they said...
The ability to capture Pokemon in the wild.
And then there is one that was rather only during battle.
And then the third was to some modification requiring it basically allowing you to switch mounts in game pretty easily.
and so all of these patents were registered so they applied for the patent like the first one was applied for July 30th 2024 registered August 27th 2024 well after PAL World was out the next one February 26th May 22nd was the one that was registered March 5th July 26th so these have been released well after the game came out so it's almost like saying
you know, hypothetically speaking I'm going to patent the idea of the Triforce I'm going to patent the Triforce and I'm going to sue Nintendo despite the fact that they've had games with the Triforce in it or whatever this symbology for like a long time it makes no sense and it seems very frivolous
The problem is, you know, Pocket Pair is a smaller company.
Granted, they are a smaller company that has now a lot of money from the sales of this.
But even still, to fight Nintendo on this, they could drag this out for a very long time.
In
What should have happened is I don't think that these patents should have been given to Nintendo in the first place.
Especially if they're trying to patent things that are already existing and it's very generic, the gameplay.
And in fact, if you want to even argue, I mean, granted, Nintendo's had capturing Pokemon for a while now in other games.
Granted, I think Arceus was the first one that they actually did more of a in-the-wild
but the previous game that Pocket Pair released actually had that type of gameplay already in it prior to I think Legends Arceus so I don't know yeah Nintendo's kind of losing me here because I just like if you're going to go after something go after the design of the creatures that's the biggest thing that sticks out to me like I don't understand why this isn't an argument about that especially with all the merchandise maybe it's a way to like
Get Discovery so that they can figure that out?
I don't know.
I don't know.
You know, there's a couple ways, and I'm looking at the comments in chat, and SHO100Matt points out 10 million yen is $65,000, roughly.
So yeah, it's weird.
It's not exactly a ton of money that's going to shut down, you know, the PAL world, folks.
But yeah, SHO100Matt continues, this feels more like a shakedown than anything.
Nintendo is hoping the pocket pair will settle so they don't have to deal with Nintendo's lawyers drying this out for years and costing them money.
The only other thing I can think of, and I know this is a long shot, but I'm going to say it anyway, is that...
Maybe this is a defensive maneuver.
I know that sounds really weird, but we know all these things that they are getting patents on sound like things that are part of Pokemon Legends, specifically, right?
Like the throwing an item to engage in battle, that's a Legends thing.
Changing mounts, that's a Legends thing.
So part of me wonders if they aren't trying to put these into place to have...
I don't think that they would-
it's really weird and it's also like if they were going to why wait until after your game is released to then like well after your game is released to patent these things
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
We can keep making it up, but we don't know.
And there's obviously a million different ways this could be going.
So it'll be fascinating to see after the fact.
But at the same time, it's also very likely that Pocket Pair does settle.
And then the terms of the settlement, can't talk about it.
So we'll never know.
It says all three patents are successful requests to modify previously established patents.
It says each notably designed to match newer features.
So I guess they have had other things patented, but now they're kind of bringing it more to the current.
Still, I don't think that still applies, though, even if they did have a patent for capturing Pokemon in battle or something like that.
Yeah.
Tough shit.
Now they did something different and you want to patent it.
Sorry.
I'm sorry.
You're just gonna... First off, let's, like, I mean, patent reform needs to happen across the world anyways.
You shouldn't be able to patent game mechanics.
Period.
Like, anything should not be patentable.
If you want to, you know, copyright your characters and your scenarios and all that type of stuff, that's fine.
But patenting game mechanics?
No.
That should be thrown out right away.
Um...
It's ridiculous, this type of stuff.
We go back to the whole Namco patenting the ability to play minigames while loading.
Granted, load screens are not really a thing anymore, but we never got to live in a world that had those because they fucked it up for everybody else.
Or at least the patents should expire a lot quicker.
Yeah, 20 years.
Yeah, it needs to be a lot quicker, because the Namco loading screen thing, that expired now, so people can do it, but you're right, there's really no loading screens anymore.
How long ago was Pokemon released?
Oh god, Pokemon was like the late 90s.
Late 90s.
So are they altering these patents so they can keep the patent on the whole Pokeball throwing thing?
Because it's been over 20 years?
Maybe.
It's been closer to 30 years, Loki.
I mean, right, but it's like they tweaked it before or something like that.
I don't know.
We'll never know.
We'll never know.
We'll never know.
Um, before I get to the next story though, I should point out, I have to say something about this at some point.
There are some things apparently we do know here at Orange Lounge Radio.
And, uh, I don't know if you remember, but we were talking about Nintendo music last week.
You remember this on the show?
And I was saying, I swear to God, I remember talking on OLR about this and saying that this is like, this is a thing that Nintendo should do.
And guess what?
Guess what?
Somebody found the clip.
So 13XForever, kudos to you.
And I'm betting dimes to dollars.
It's because 13XForever wrote that transcription thing that went through and transcribed all the episodes of our show.
So I'm betting he just searched and found the episode we were talking about it in.
Actually found that in episode 901 from January 30th of 2022, I said the following.
And sorry, Loki, you're not going to hear this, but I'm going to play this for listeners.
Here we go.
I mean, every streaming service out there, you name it, has at least like orchestral versions, covers, remixes, and things that are a lot harder for Nintendo to touch.
But yeah, the originals, it's really, really, they don't want that for whatever reason.
QuestBuster in chat says, to be honest, I'm surprised it took this long.
Kind of same.
Also, I wish Nintendo gave us more options to actually buy their music.
Yes, definitely.
And that's what I'm hearing in the YouTube channel owner's comments.
That's what the frustration is.
At least put the music up on streaming services then.
Or if you think the streaming services don't pay enough, you know what?
Put it on part of the Nintendo Online subscription.
A Nintendo Music Player.
Oh my god, what a novel idea.
Okay, sure, it's going to take a little bit of development time to build that.
But you know what?
I don't think it would take a ton.
And there's going to be a lot of people that would be super into that.
How many of you would be down for a Nintendo music player as a part of your online Switch membership?
Technically, they've already kind of got one in Smash Bros.
Yes, I see Bobby Blackwell pointing that out.
But y'all know that's a little different.
Because A...
It's a very comprehensive, but it's not all-encompassing.
And B, it is kind of buried away in the game.
But I get it.
I get it.
Yes, there is a lot of the music in Smash Bros.
Why don't they take that out and put it on Nintendo Online?
I don't know.
So there you go.
And so yes, I have to stroke my ego just a little bit here on this program.
And here's why.
I'm going to break this down for you.
If it sounds like Rob has an ego, it's actually not that.
But I'm going to tell you why when shit like that happens, I'm going to rub it in.
Because...
in this industry a lot of times these larger gaming websites tend to go to these investor people that have these ideas and there's one in particular I'm thinking of but I'm not going to name names because I'm a nice person that always has these things to say that don't make any sense at all and don't seem to be rooted in reality
Meanwhile, people like Loki, myself, and DarkSakura have been commenting on this industry for 20 years plus.
We like to have some sort of critical thinking when it comes to this stuff and evaluating this.
People don't take this seriously.
Even though we take what we do here in gaming and commenting, we have fun with it, sure, but we take it very seriously here.
But then I have to turn around and go to E3 and back in the day, yes, this is a little bit of sour grapes.
have to justify our existence on why we're getting to do something like this, and yet we're able to make these same types of predictions, and you know what?
Sometimes we get it really, really well.
And I'd like to think, I called that that was going to be, well, or said it should be Nintendo Online, which I don't think was something anybody else said.
I mean, if E3 still existed, we'd still go there, could show them the whole Guinness Book of World Records thing, and they'd be like,
Yeah, but Alexa rankings say this.
Yeah, I know, I know.
Anyway, DJ Ranma S says, okay, Rob, what's the Mega Millions numbers?
42, 69, 13, 420, hut, hut, hut.
Let's see.
This is funny.
Somebody had said, oh yeah, Fifth Dream says, Rob needs to sue Nintendo for infringement.
No, I think the whole thing is funny.
I think the whole thing's funny.
I'm not actually that worked out, but I think it's kind of funny.
I still stand by everything I said about Nintendo Music last week.
It's just kind of two years too late, so it's really funny that I said that then because that was the time for Nintendo to release it.
Anyway.
Alright, I'm done running my victory lap.
You knew I was going to say something, right, Loki?
As soon as you saw that clip hit the Discord, you knew I was going to say something, didn't you?
Yes, I did.
Alright.
Let's move on and talk about kind of a warning, I guess, for those of you that might need to pick up one of these adapters.
And I don't know what this might be saying about the future of this too, but let's talk about the free PlayStation 5 PlayStation camera adapter for PlayStation VR.
Sony is going to be stopping soon offering this adapter.
This is to allow you to connect your PlayStation camera to your PlayStation 5.
This is the camera that was released for the PS4.
and of course you had to have it to use the original PlayStation VR on the current console and then the HD camera isn't compatible with the original PlayStation VR so you needed this if you wanted to play the original PSVR through the system and all that stuff because the VR systems are very very different
So as of November 26th, the PlayStation Camera Adapter will no longer be available.
That is set on a Sony support page.
You can still request an adapter via a form or you can call Sony to get that.
You have to have a serial number from the processing unit of the PSVR to get it.
But remember, PSVR games do not run on the PSVR 2 platform.
This is just things that are available on the original PSVR, but to be able to play them on your PS5 because PS5 is backwards compatible with PlayStation 4.
And of course, when I hear something like that, I'm kind of two mindsets.
One, the clock could have run out on it and it's just, you know, whatever.
But two, I'm kind of like, is this a sign that maybe the PlayStation VR...
is kind of like they're just kind of walking away from it.
I mean, I realize this particular adapter doesn't really have anything to do with the VR2, but it just kind of makes me go like, what is Sony's thing on VR right now?
Where does Sony stand with VR?
I think they already are walking away from it.
I thought we had like some other like some story about it because I remember vaguely that they were kind of like just done with it or that it's not they're not really pushing it.
and that, you know, kind of opening it up for PC now use.
But I don't know.
We'll see.
That's true.
There was the whole PC use thing and that's, yeah.
But yeah, I wish I could have been convinced to buy a PlayStation 5 VR or PlayStation VR 2.
These numbering, naming things get so weird, which is another problem probably.
But I wish I could have been convinced to get a PlayStation VR 2, but I just, I didn't see that must have thing that I got to get.
So.
I don't know.
Alright, well, moving on.
Loki, this is a... More lawsuits from Nintendo!
This is a FAFO story, a fuck-around-find-out story, if you were wondering what that is.
This is just a stupid story is what it is.
This is just dumb things.
So, apparently, there was this guy, Jesse Keenan, who likes to stream Nintendo Switch games before they were released.
and uh you know basically quoting Captain America I can do this all day and then they um filed a lawsuit against him so he uh apparently was leaking Switch games including um Mario and Luigi Brothership uh using emulation and I'm assuming a pirated copy of said game because why else would you be using emulation to play the games early um
and of course you know they are saying that he is promoting piracy because he's probably pirating the games before they came out um and then uh yeah so now he is in a lawsuit and then still trolling the company saying you know love y'all capitalism is cancer my channel's being deleted for sharing gameplay videos this is your reward um
and DarkSakura.
yeah that's kind of on you yeah there's the Nintendo lawsuits that don't make sense and then there's like the one we were talking about and then there's the Nintendo lawsuit that you go yep that makes sense that's that's what we have here so like you know don't be so brazen with this stuff some people really think they're invincible some people really think they're invincible but um when it comes to Nintendo's legal team like fuck around and find out right
Kind of, yeah.
So maybe don't, like, I mean, what's the point?
Like, what possible gains are you going to have from streaming that gameplay early?
Like, yeah, you may get some more views on your live streams and stuff like that, but are you really going to make up enough money to make that worth it?
Like, it just doesn't seem like it's a smart plan altogether.
Because they're probably not just coming for that damages, but they'll probably want to take any money that he has made.
Well, yeah, they are $150,000 in damages for each instance of alleged copyright infringement.
And so that he has, I guess, done this as many as 50 times in the last two years.
So, yeah, $7.5 million.
Yeah.
stick to emulating the games that are no longer available or just like if you want to play games early just do that on your own and not go hey guys look what I'm doing look at the crimes I'm committing you know like it's it's so stupid yeah it is very like TikTok of somebody committing a crime and that whole thing and wondering why they get in trouble yeah it's very that it's very that
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Nvidia is going to be adding a playtime cap to GeForce Now.
That is going to be starting next year, so starting January 1st, 2025.
If you are a new GeForce Now subscriber, you will only be able to play for up to 100 hours every month before you have to pay for additional playtime.
But in thinking in Jamie's case here, you know, she's been pretty active on this and I know she streams using this service.
She was a supporter of cloud-based streaming back when it was Google Stadia, right?
So if you signed up before December 31st, 2024, you won't see your usage capped until 2026, right?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
They say, well, the average person uses this.
And then it turns out, you know, 100 hours, if you divide that up amongst 30 days in a month, it's a little over, what, three hours a day?
Which sounds like a lot, yes.
But I'm thinking, like, in Jamie's case, she does, like, five or six hour streams a couple times a week, right?
So I'm like, she might get there.
But that's, again, I can't speak for her because she's not here tonight to give her opinion.
So I'll ask her about it next week.
But I'm sure it's just one of those things where it's like,
I feel like people are not raving about this service and this little PR stunt is not going to do it any favors.
And I wonder if when you talk about capping the hours, but if you sign up by the end of the year, you'll get a whole other year free.
I don't think that's going to drive subscribership the way you think it's going to.
And you know what's great about this, too, is the fact that, you know, cutting the stream time down or whatever like this, how much money is that really going to save for the most profitable company in the world?
You know, like, they've beaten Intel as, you know, one of the biggest, you know, hardware companies out there, like...
I'm sorry, you're not doing bad at all.
You have tons of money.
Like, there's no reason that these should be implemented this way.
But I mean, I guess it's a cost cutting measure because infinite profits got to keep those shareholders happy.
Keep boosting that stock because their stock is so high already.
Now, to be in the interest of fairness and covering all sides, I will say for NVIDIA, there are some other changes, and maybe some of these would be welcomed.
So the priority tier is getting renamed, and now it's called Performance, and it will now stream at 1440 pixels as opposed to 1080p.
so it is going to be an upgrade in the visual quality of it so there is that and if you're already paying for what's called priority you are getting moved to this performance tier and now I guess there's going to be an ultimate on top of that so ultimate is going to be 4k and 120 frames per second and I think that's what like I don't know how much that costs oh $19.99 a month
What kind of internet connection do you need for 240 frames per second in 4K?
You'd be surprised.
My fibers could.
I don't know if I could get that many frames, but I can get 4K YouTubes easy.
Easy.
And they look really good.
Well, right.
4K YouTube, I understand, but I don't know.
I...
It seems like it's pie-in-the-sky nonsense.
Yeah.
Well, it's getting faster and faster because I remember when we moved in here, they were like, do you want the one gigabit fiber?
We have up to five gigabit fiber in your area.
And it's like, you probably don't need that much.
Yeah, we have the one gigabit, and it is more than perfect for us.
And it's so much better than what we had with Comcast.
It's gone down one time in the two years we've lived here, and it was down for maybe an hour and a half.
and Constance.
I know.
I'm sorry.
I feel like I'm rubbing it in, but I'm just to all the people out there.
It gets better.
Just wait for other companies to offer fiber in your area.
It gets better.
Oh, yeah.
I'm just waiting with bated breath for, like, my monopoly to be broken.
Yeah, I'm sure that's going to happen.
Oh, that's right.
We voted against that.
Comcast and we have AT&T.
AT&T is like, we're high speed.
No, no.
They can't use high speed anymore because it's illegal for them to use that.
They are.
Oh, God.
What was the terminology that they use?
Ultra fast, I think.
Yeah, it's like ultra-fast internet.
It's like, shut up.
Like, come on.
I'm sorry, 60 megabits down is not ultra-fast, my guy.
I will say, AT&T is the company we use, but yeah, it's fiber.
It's one gig up, one gig down.
Like, it's, yeah, very fast.
So...
And you'll notice, remember, for those that have been listening to OLR for a very long time, the only time technology issues have shut down the show was power-related.
It was not internet-related.
Internet issues have never shut down the show.
And power, honestly, it's been pretty good.
Yeah.
Yeah, because we're currently on PG&E, or at least...
But yeah, it seems like it's always someone running into a telephone pole or wind.
Yeah, wind.
Well, not here, because it's all underground.
Yeah, well, our neighborhood is, but everywhere around our neighborhood is not, so...
Anyway, we'll check in with Jamie on her thoughts on the NVIDIA issue next week.
But yeah, I mean, at least the quality is going to get better, but I'm curious if that's really good enough for that play cap.
But again, you can pay, I think it was like $3 for an additional 10 hours, but that's going to add up pretty quick.
So anyway, we'll see.
Well, meanwhile, Loki, let's see what's going on in your neck of the woods with our next headline.
Speaking of quality, the Chief Operations Officer who oversees Sony PlayStation Business has made some comments during their earnings call talking about what's happened with Concord, for example.
And they've promised that there's going to be some better quality checks after Concord.
TheFailureOfConcord.
Currently we're still in the process of learning and basically with that regards to IP you don't know the result until you actually try it or maybe listen to your fans beforehand when they said it looks awful and don't release it like this and you're like nope full speed ahead.
So for us our reflection probably will need to have a lot of gates including user testing and user evaluation and timings of such gates to we need to bring them forward and
we should have done those much earlier on so in other words basically like more frequent tests and you know pivot early instead of going all in and all that stuff going forward our first party titles and third party titles we do have many different windows so we want to be able to select right an optimal window we can deploy to our own platform without cannibalization so we can maximize performance and teams of the title launches um
Yeah, I mean, I don't know if they're going to continue to make these types of mistakes.
I don't see them doing that.
But then again, I also feel that this wasn't like unknown that Concord was going to flop.
This statement really is like this statement really reeks of trust me, bro.
It doesn't it's like I feel like I mean, bro.
Yeah, what are you supposed to tell the investors?
Yeah, we fucked up.
We really didn't know what we were releasing.
We trusted them and they didn't do it.
S2100 Matt in chat says, Oh please, the teams were warning them and probably telling them don't release this but your board pushed us out.
100%.
So who on the board is being let go to really demonstrate?
Does action speak louder than words?
who on the board?
nobody, just the team at Firework how dare they release a game in this state that we totally knew that we knew and they told us we take the lessons learned from Concord and will continue to advance our live service capabilities to deliver future growth in this area stop it stop
That's what you need to do.
Live service, you know, whenever we hear you talking about, like, expanding your live service, we hear, we're greedy motherfuckers and we want more of that fucking money is what we hear.
So, I don't know.
Agreed.
Agreed.
Alright, well, moving on to a game that is coming out, I think it's next week, we're getting a pretty fun release with Dragon Quest III, the HD 2D remake.
So we're getting a re-release of Dragon Quest III, I think for the second time, because I think we've already seen a remake of this game once.
But now we're getting another one that's going to be more in the engine that brought us things like Octopath Traveler and Triangle Strategy and all that stuff.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
But Square Enix is saying we want spoiler warnings for any major plot details, which is wild because how old is Dragon Quest 3?
It's a very old game.
Most people know where it's going.
But also, you are not allowed to share the ending or the end post-ending until after the 13th of December.
In a quote...
When streaming scenes that are closely related to the game scenario, please voluntarily label them as contained spoilers so as to not spoil the enjoyment for those who are about to play the game.
Please refrain from live streaming the ending and post-ending gameplay following the final battle until December 13th.
Please refrain from posting videos or image.
Here's the thing about Dragon Quest III.
There wasn't a post-game.
because you can go look up the ending to the original game right now and you'll see in like most RPGs of its era, you beat the boss, you get some nice little graphical credits, the end.
Spoilers!
Yeah, screen is kind of showing something there.
Here's what I think it is.
Dragon Quest 3 HD Remake
and this was years ago this is two or three years ago so it's kind of like when the HD thing was announced it was like finally so my guess is at the end of all this is a trailer for either the Dragon Quest 1 and 2 HD 2D remake possible but we already know that's coming or and I think this is the real possibility and what for whatever reason they want to keep under wraps Dragon Quest 12
I think because we where's the information on Dragon Quest 12?
We haven't heard anything on this in a very long time.
So my guess is there is a Dragon Quest 12 trailer hint something at the end of all this that you get us a reward for beating the game.
And I mean, they think it's not going to release to the Internet.
Oh, honey.
Oh honey, that is going to get ripped from the files.
That will be on social media sites that are a lot harder to scrape and content match and all that.
That will be up there on day one.
But nice try.
Anyway.
I can respect the whole don't rip the trailer and put it on your own social media for the bait because we plan to put it on our own social media on December 13th and we want the clicks.
That's what this says to me.
You don't get the clicks.
I get the clicks.
Be very careful if you do this though, especially on YouTube because Square Enix will look for it and shut it down.
I guarantee it.
Anyway, since we're talking about classic games, I think this is a good transition into our next segment.
and now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
But unfortunately, DarkSakura is not able to dive into the gaming vault tonight because she is not here.
So we asked Loki to decide what should the classic game of the week be this week.
So Loki, what is the classic game of the week?
Classic game of the week is Excite Truck.
I was thinking there's no way.
You loved this fucking game.
You love this fucking game.
Our family loved this fucking game.
My wife loved this fucking game.
No.
It was a toss-up.
I was almost considering Grand Theft Auto V, but I was like, nah.
No, Excite Truck.
Excite Truck.
Excite Truck.
Excite Truck.
One of the best games, I think, in my opinion, on the Nintendo Wii, it was the third game in the Excite series.
Of course, you know, starting off with Excite Bike.
And then, of course, we had Excite Bike 64.
And then, of course, now Excite Truck, which was just awesome.
It had a unique control scheme that used the Wii remote.
And there were never any sequels to it at the end.
there was, we can talk about that we have to, okay some cool features though that weren't really in a lot of Wii games either because you may remember that Wii had an SD card slot and you could actually pop in an SD card with MP3s on there and replace the music in the game with your own music that's right, and it was awesome it was so cool you could put stuff from like Initial D and Wangan and shit in this game
and DDR Music.
It was great.
It was very cool.
And yeah, so it's not an easy game either.
So you have to race through the different tracks trying to get a high ranking, essentially.
And the way you do that is based off of the number of tricks you do, also the stunts, how fast you've completed the race, that type of stuff.
And getting...
S rank on all of the all of the difficulties basically unlocks harder difficulties where the AI is even harder so they have you know excite race which you get S's in that and then there's also super excite race which is even harder and then of course much like Mario Kart and all the other stuff mirror mode which mirrors the tracks and
also the rings that you have to pass through are smaller as well so it gets even harder then on top of that they also had challenge mode which allowed you to race through different gates rings and they have crush challenges and then super challenge which is an even harder version of that and then of course you know multiplayer versus you could play two players in that as well um
Some of the cool stuff, you know, they had, you know, some of the same physics, I guess, as our gameplay, the Excitebike stuff.
So your car, you know, you have like a boost and then your car could overheat, but water would cool that down as well as jumping really high into the air.
And then that caused the air to actually cool down your car.
They had these different...
basically icons or power-ups that you'd run over the map that would change the landscape so you'd have like all sorts of things happen like tornadoes would spawn in or trains or like a volcano would go off the land would just shift underneath you it was really cool and it could open up some different like shortcuts and like jumps and stuff like that but yeah really really awesome game
They did release a sequel, ExciteBots Trick Racing.
It kind of lost, they lost the spark of what made ExciteTruck good.
Number one, why the fuck was it ExciteBots in the first place?
You don't follow up ExciteBike and ExciteTruck with ExciteRobots.
Like, do you think we're all obsessed?
Like, it should have been ExciteCar, ExciteBoats, ExciteYacht.
Excite Covered Wagon
I don't even know if they're still around anymore, if they're still making games.
But yeah, it's been a while, 2009.
No, actually, no, they're still working on games.
So they just did World of Outlaws Dirt Racing, which was back on 2022.
Oh, so they're still making racing games.
They also did, crazy enough, the port of Xenoblade Chronicles 3D for the 3DS.
That's very random.
Apparently they do a lot of ports of different things.
Donkey Kong Country Returns, huh?
Interesting.
But they haven't done a game since 2022, huh?
Yeah, they haven't done a game since 2022.
You know why?
They were acquired by iRacing.com that year.
Out the window of any future Nintendo games.
That's too bad.
I'd love to see it in the same boat.
but I mean, Nintendo could do it I'm sure someone in-house could create a new Excite Truck game since they own the IP for it they did such a good job with this though or at the very least, please Nintendo just backwards compatible port that to the Switch or something it would be fantastic it really would but it's not to be but yep, Excite Truck one of the best games on the Wii
My opinion.
And a launch title at that.
And a launch title.
It was great.
Wait, the Wii had such a good launch, if you think about it.
Obviously, they sold a million of them, or millions and millions of them, but didn't it have like 18 games at launch?
It had a lot of games at launch.
It was a lot.
I think...
It was like, of course, Wii Sports, which pack in already.
I remember getting Trauma Center early on.
I had a Trauma Center game.
Trauma Center, Excite Truck.
I want to say there was Twilight Princess, which is big.
Also, I don't know if Red Steel was right away.
That might have been like a December game.
But Red Steel is pretty close.
Rabbids.
I thought I had this.
Hold on.
Trying to figure this out here.
Okay, when were these released?
Uh, okay.
So I'm looking at a chart of like every single Wii game that ever came out, but there was a lot of stuff that never came out in the U.S.
Okay, here we go.
There was an Avatar game, Call of Duty 3, Cars, Dragon Ball Z, Budokai Tenka Hashi 2, Excite Truck, The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy, GT Pro Series, Happy Feet, Zelda Twilight Princess, Madden 07, Marvel Ultimate Alliance.
I forgot about that.
Monster 4x4, World Circuit, Need for Speed, Carbon, Rampage, Total Destruction, Rayman, Raving Rabbids, Red Steel, SpongeBob, Creature from the Krusty Krab, Super Monkey Ball, Banana Blitz, Tony Hawk's Downhill Jam, Trauma Center, Second Opinion, and Wii Sports.
All of those, November 19th, 2006.
Oh, that's right.
Now that I looked at the screenshot here.
So yeah, stars, you had to collect the number of stars in order to get a certain rank.
And so you get, you know, based on your placement and then smashing the cars and stuff like that, which the smashing the cars, it's almost like a burnout in a sense, the way you do that, but...
um yeah it was great game and it only enhanced by um you know putting your own music because the soundtrack was all right but your own music so much better like you know racing to pendulum and you
My wife used to listen to a lot of Justin Timberlake.
Oh my god, amazing.
That was great.
I love that.
Do you know, by the way, since I'm looking at the list, do you know what the last game ever released for the Wii was and when?
Guess when the last Wii game came out.
Don't cheat.
It's going to be Just Dance and it's probably like 20...
2020, maybe?
Look at you.
You've got to be looking at a list.
Yep, you're right.
I'm not.
I'm just guessing.
You're right.
Just Dance 2020, released in 2019, was the last Wii release.
Oh, Hawaii Shakedown.
Well, I mean, that's technically a digital game, but yeah.
Yeah, well, yeah, I should have said retail release.
But yeah, Just Dance, 2017, 18, 19, and 20 were all on the Wii.
Otherwise, they started drying up in about 2015.
There was a handful of others.
There was like a Barbie game and a Monster High game in 2015.
So, yeah.
Yeah, DarkSakura says, I think we covered the last Just Dance.
I'm sure we did, but you know.
Doesn't that all seem like a lifetime ago at this point?
I think it does.
Anyway, there it is, your classic game of the week, Excite Truck.
Sorry, I'm rearranging screens here as I'm talking.
All right, let's move on and talk about some other headlines going on in the world.
So Loki, let's do some rapid fire news here.
Yeah, Sega is delisting 60 games across console and PC digital storefronts next month.
And these are all retro games.
So all of your Sega Genesis collection games, I think, are being delisted.
I'm wondering if they're just like releasing a new pack or something like that with these or something.
um but yeah it's a lot of these are being delisted i probably have them all in my steam library right now obviously you will be able to play them if you have them already in your libraries but you will not be able to purchase them again although at this point like just i don't know i'm sure you could buy a new collection when it comes out collections that are probably available used yeah
yeah so um and then this is really awesome uh so awesome games done quick is returning back again of course in January and one of the um highlights that they've mentioned so far is a crazy taxi speed run but they're gonna be backed by a live cover band of the offspring playing the music of the game
that just sounds amazing it's genius because they can't they don't want to get even though I think getting shut down for copyright would be really shitty when it's a charity event I also understand a lot of that matching is automated so there's probably some legit concerns about you know automated copyright matching shutting it down I think it's genius to use the cover band to do it and it's gonna be a lot of fun too especially when you consider you know they're back in person they have been for a bit it's a live event and it has to be a lot of fun to be at
Yeah, it's supposed to run from January 5th to January 12th.
And yeah, they've got a full list of the games so far.
I'm curious to see if there's any other really big ones that would be interesting.
Well, no, Excite Truck...
and we do not know if the hosting because our own Bobby Blackwolf here at VOG Network we don't know the status of that yet because the hosting I don't think has been selected yet.
Several for Nintendo World Championships NES edition.
It's interesting.
Oh yeah, because they did one of those during the Hurricane run that I was watching so that'll be interesting to watch.
They're going to do some PS1 Mystery Versus tournaments so there's going to be some of those.
Um...
there's going to be a person playing Elden Ring with a saxophone controller that's amazing that is awesome yeah I mean I don't know lots of really interesting games so I'm looking I can't wait to see what comes out of that it's always a good time alright
Well, moving on to news out of the Switch.
And as part of, you know, you can pre-order the digital version and the physical edition of Stray.
There is a PDF that Annapurna has put up online that you can print out your own cover for the game, replacing the cat's face with your own cat.
This is a little silly because it's just a PDF of the box art with that.
But still, I think it's a clever idea to get people to post their own cats in that and drive a little hype for the game before it releases on November 19th, 2024 for $40.
I think even though that's already been out on the PlayStation 5 for a bit, I think that'll be a Christmas gift for some kids.
I think that one's going to sell a little bit.
So that's one to keep an eye on for sure.
Well, since we know it's getting to be that time of year, I don't think we're getting to the big, big release date yet.
I think it'll be in two weeks, but we still have a lot this week as we travel around the world and check out some release dates.
Right, Loki?
Yeah, it's kind of quiet this week.
It's not really packed, but yeah, I mean, it kind of dies down by Black Friday, sort of.
Yes, that's true.
So we've got this week Backpack Hero on PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Rocket Knight Adventures Resparked on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and PlayStation 5.
V Rising on PlayStation 5.
Fruit Mountain on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and PlayStation 5.
Magical Drop 6 on PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series Monster Hunter Stories and Monster Hunter Stories 2 Wings of Ruin are coming out on PlayStation 4 and then for the original on PC and Nintendo Switch
We have Shin Megami Tensei V Vengeance on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series, Sunnyside on PC, and Batten Chaos 1 and 2 HD Remaster on PC.
That's it.
Nice.
I think I'm going to look at my dates here.
Yes, it is.
That is it.
All right.
We're going to go to Japan and check out the releases there.
Of course, the Dragon Quest III HD 2D remake, you know that's coming out in Japan.
And that will be out on the 14th on the Nintendo Switch.
Also on the Switch, we have B-Blade X Zone is also coming out this week.
We have Core Keeper on the Switch this week.
Lego Horizon Adventures getting a release in Japan this week on the Switch.
And we also have Q and Q2 Physical Edition coming
Sika Game Special Edition is being released for the Switch as well and I think that might be it you don't usually put stuff up against a Dragon Quest game even if it is a remake so it's surprising there's even a little bit there but on the PlayStation 5 we also have some things to talk about there for Japan including Farming Simulator 25 hell yeah that is out in Japan this week
and LEGO Horizon Adventures, of course, also out on PlayStation 5.
And then Core Keeper, also out on the PlayStation 5.
And Dragon Quest III HD 2D also comes out on the PlayStation 5, of course.
That's multi-platform.
Potion Permit.
Also released on the PlayStation 5.
A Minecraft re-release in Japan.
This multi-language PlayStation 5 edition.
That's interesting.
Finally out this week in Japan.
I thought for sure they already had Minecraft on PS5.
Maybe this is the first time.
I don't know.
It might be the first retail release.
They did.
And I just realized I'm going to have to re-read the releases because I was looking up the wrong month.
Didn't Jamie do that last week?
What's going on around here?
I don't know.
It must have scrolled up the page because I said it earlier.
Go ahead.
All right.
Yeah, because I was like, some of these games, I remember them coming out already.
Anyways, we have Farming Simulator 25, PC, Mac, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
Neo Harbor Rescue Squad on PC, PlayStation 4, and PlayStation 5.
Rise of the Golden Idol on PC, Mac, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series, iOS, and Android.
Songs of Conquest on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series Tetris Forever on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series We have Songs of Silence on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series Debut Project Cooking Cafe on PC and Nintendo Switch Dragon Quest III HD 2D Remake on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series
Irem Collection Volume 2 on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
LEGO Horizon Adventures on PC, Nintendo Switch, and PlayStation 5.
LittleBigAdventure, TwinsenseQuest on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
MindCop on PC, Nintendo Switch, and PlayStation 5.
Petite Island on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
Rage of the Dragons Neo on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series Ved on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series Funko Fusion on Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4 and I believe we have Goblin Slayer Another Adventure Nightmare Feast on PC, Nintendo Switch
Now that's it.
All right.
I'll take care of the UK then since you were just doing that.
So I'm going to the UK since DarkSakura is not here tonight.
We have Everhome on the PC on the 11th of November.
Farming Simulator 25 is the rest of the world on modern consoles, PS5 and Xbox Series, PC and Mac on the 12th of November.
Void Souls is out on the PC 12th of November.
Ant and Blast is out on the PC and the Switch, also on the 12th of November.
The Rise of the Golden Idol is out on all platforms on the 12th of November.
Tetris Forever, also out on all platforms on the 12th of November.
A game called Is This Game Trying to Kill Me is out on the PC the 13th of November.
The Dragon Quest HD 2D remake, of course, is also out in Europe on the 14th of November.
Sorry, We're Closed is out on the PC on the 14th of November.
LittleBigAdventure, TwinSenseQuest is out on all platforms on the 14th of November and LEGO Horizon Adventures on the PC, PS5, and Switch just like the rest of the world also in the UK on the 14th of November.
Nice.
Alright, we have a few more headlines for you and then we'll get to the listener roundtable.
I know we have at least one email tonight so we'll get to that and maybe actually we have some blue sky posts too so we'll get to all those in just a moment here but first, Loki with our next last headline.
Yes, so fans of Overwatch are suspecting that Blizzard's about to announce a classic Overwatch announcement.
They have a trailer that is premiering in 13 hours tomorrow at 9 a.m., November 11th.
at least Pacific Time and apparently in that the thumbnail right now is Tracer in her original classic Overwatch outfit and so the thought being you know that since they were testing 6v6 originally not that long ago and now this are they going to be announcing classic Overwatch like they did classic WoW to try to like
Have their cake and eat it too, I guess, as far as what people wanted in Overwatch and what they changed and what people didn't like and all that stuff.
Who knows?
Very interesting, especially that all of this seems to be happening after the Microsoft change.
I don't know if I'm reading into the tea leaves too much to that, but that could be interesting.
I don't know.
I...
Yep.
and last on our list of stories for tonight a Mass Effect TV show is in the works you might have missed it around all the other crap going on this week but N7 day happened November the 7th right and that's a big day for Mass Effect and you know BioWare had come out in advance and said don't expect anything major okay basically saying don't expect a new trailer all right
N7 Inspired Armor Dragon Age
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Casey has worked on screenplays for such hits as F9, The Fast Saga.
He also did rewrites for 10 Cloverfield Lane and a sci-fi film called Kin.
So that news, of course, all came out on N7 Day.
You know, and it's one of those I'll believe it when I see it type of things.
But let's remember, Amazon did a pretty decent job with Fallout.
So, and it was very well received.
So now, of course, you know, just like we saw happen with Netflix and when some of their things were successful, like The Witcher, we're seeing things that are more greenlit around the universe, so to speak.
So it'd be interesting to see what happens.
TigerClaw in chat asks, will the Mass Effect series feature a male or female Shepard?
God willing, neither.
That's my hope, is that, you know.
It should be an actual German Shepard.
Yeah.
You know what gamers are not fucking ready for?
You know what gamers are not fucking ready for?
And I mean it.
I mean it.
NonBinaryShepherd.
I want NonBinaryShepherd because I just want gamers to fucking implode going, this show's too woke before they've even fucking seen 60 seconds of it.
That is my wish for you gamers of America and specifically America.
And by the way, I say this as somebody using he, him, they pronouns and I really would love to see NonBinaryShepherd.
That aside...
I actually don't think it should have Shepard at all.
Mass Effect is a huge universe, pun, but there are so many other stories they could do.
They could do side stories talking about some of the other conflicts that happen in the universe.
You could have other cases of people coming across the Reapers, joining at the Citadel, things like that.
I would really like to see the Mass Effect TV series tell a different story in the universe.
But if they're not able to do it, then I would like to see them do FemShep.
That's interesting.
All right.
Yeah, Tiger Class says it could be about a new team and Shepard could be mentioned as this figure that exists out there.
Yes.
And I think there's a couple other things to consider.
Number one, Andromeda, whatever you feel about that game, was able to tell another story in the Mass Effect universe that really didn't involve Shepard.
I mean, yes, there were...
you know but for them for the by and large it was a story that didn't need to involve Shepard I'm not saying that if they want to retell Andromeda I don't care I don't think people are as emotionally attached to that game as they were the main trilogy but again I don't think they should retread that old ground I really don't um and um yeah maybe this is yeah and
Maybe they just don't mention Shepard at all.
I think that's it.
Or Shepard could be a figure that's out there that they hear about and that the gender is never confirmed one way or the other, and I don't think it needs to be.
And that's it.
I think Shepard is something people talk about, someone people talk about, and then that's it.
The other thing to consider, though, is that by the time this TV show actually comes out, we'll be talking about a new game.
So what if...
maybe the TV show is going to be a bridge between the first trilogy and the new game I almost said second trilogy maybe I'm being a little bit you know but you know whatever is next for Mass Effect what if the TV show serves as a bridge between that because we've seen that sort of thing before with movies right don't we have like Star Wars shows that are set between movie timelines right in that thing I don't know yeah yeah and or so it'll be interesting we'll see
I'll watch it.
Of course I will.
I'll give it a shot.
My expectations aren't high, but I'll give it a shot.
All right, let's get into the listener roundtable tonight.
We invite your participation every week here on the show.
If you want to give us a call, we'll open up Discord over at vognetwork.com slash Discord.
But actually, we have some emails tonight, which is pretty cool.
Oh, yeah, Dark Tetsuya mentions the Quantum Leap reboot was the thing that happened.
They're talking about a famous non-binary actor in Sandman.
Mishkin brought up that there was a character in Sandman who was non-binary.
And yeah.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Let's get to the emails.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place to send us emails.
We have two emails tonight, believe it or not.
The first email tonight comes from Fabrice from Belgium, who we haven't heard from in a while.
Great to hear from you, Fabrice.
Let's get into it.
Hello, OLR.
It's been a while since I mailed you, but now I finally come around to it.
I recently bought a mini PC with 11,000 games on it for over 60 consoles and platforms.
Thank you for watching!
Secondly, my wife and I are super into playing pinball because a real pinball table is way too expensive to buy.
We have other priorities at the moment.
I've been thinking about buying a digital pinball table.
No one doesn't come close to the real thing, but I think it's a good way to get to know the rules and so forth of a pinball table.
Another plus is that you can have a lot of games and only one table.
Our favorite at the moment is Iron Maiden.
What are your thoughts about this?
I'd like to thank you guys again for doing the podcast every week.
Thinking about the things I've done while listening to you guys, it's quite a list.
Well, thank you, Fabrice.
Appreciate the email.
And hey, do you have a couch that I could sleep on for the next four years?
Just wondering.
Over there in Belgium?
Seems like a place that has its shit together.
All right.
In all seriousness, I'm not leaving.
I'm not going anywhere.
Let's address the two parts of this.
The first part is about the retro gaming system.
And I think you bring up a good point.
A lot of people love to have a giant...
Thank you for watching!
and I think that's a lot of fun to be able to revisit those things.
And I think, yeah, for most people it is that retro itch, but if you really spend some time going in depth, you might find some real good gems from back in the day.
So definitely look up The Guardian Legend.
on the NES.
Spend some time with that.
A game that came up recently I was talking about at the party I talked about earlier in the show, Dragon 2 Dragon's View.
That's a game I really want to go back and play again.
That was an underrated game too.
Actraiser.
I'm sure all of us can name these retro classics we love, but try to really play them for a little while.
There's some really amazing...
great games that really show you like again and sometimes you might play a retro game like I mentioned earlier in the show Donkey Kong on the Atari 2600 you play it now and it's like wow this really kind of looks like barf compared to the arcade game but then you kind of go well but considering the size and the hardware they had to work with they really did a decent job trying to get that feeling making you feel like and that same kind of dopamine hit of playing the arcade game without necessarily being pixel for pixel perfect
I mean, yeah, I get the idea, like
Having a large collection of ROMs and stuff like that.
Yeah, it's fun to just throw them all onto a PC and then never play them.
Like I do my Steam collection.
Right, that's right.
Yeah, that's right.
You may have a backlog of retro games, but your Steam backlog is more embarrassing.
That's my advice to Fabrice.
Fabrice, I guarantee your Steam backlog is more embarrassing than your retro backlog.
I keep trying to catch up on Humble, man, because I'm in the Humble monthly thing.
I have so many games.
I get capped out of being able to put codes into Steam all the time.
Just so many.
I'm never going to play these games.
Now, as far as the digital pinball table, they're pretty pricey, and I don't own one, but Bobby Blackwolf does.
He might be a good guy to ask about this.
I have played the one that is at his house, and I had fun with it.
I mean, just imagine that the TV is on its side and there, and the pinball games are on it, and it's fun.
But another decent way to play those games is that the digital pinball recreations they have right now, like Pinball FX and those games,
It's a really good way to get a taste for a table.
Now, granted, you don't have that sense of, oh, it's lying down in front of you and you have the buttons and all that stuff.
One thing to keep in mind, though, is that when you do have a giant setup like that, you're going to be more anxious to tilt the machine, which was an important mechanic of older pinball.
Now, granted, a lot of people don't like to tilt their real machines that are thousands and thousands of dollars as well, but those things are built to take a little bit of a punch because tilting is part of pinball.
So that's something else to consider is do you have a tendency to actually use tilt mechanics?
That could be something that – I think they can map those to buttons though.
Again, I don't own a – but it would seem very logical they could map that to buttons.
But it's never going to be the same as the actual physical oomph of a tilt.
but you're right can it give you an overview of a digital table yes can you put a lot of digital tables in it yes you know there's a lot with that I think uh one of the it's Pinball FX or Zen one of the I think it's Zen I think it's the other one will actually sell you digital pinball table licenses to use their tables on the thing um but again I I would kind of refer you to Bobby Blackwolf here at VOG for further questions on that because he's done more research on that because he owns one but I had a lot of fun when I played it for what it's worth
But thanks for the email.
I really appreciate it.
And I don't remember you talking about a wife last time you emailed us.
So congratulations if you got married in the last couple of years, because I might have missed it, which is fair.
But congratulations.
And I'm glad to hear you're doing well.
Let's see.
Let's go to the next email, except I accidentally closed the mailbag because I'm a genius.
So it's going to take me a minute here.
Hey, Loki, do we have any last minute stories here while I open up the mailbag?
Okay, great.
Yeah, let's hear it.
We have a last minute announcement from Nintendo that there's a Nintendo Direct coming tomorrow.
However, we do know what it's going to be about.
It is going to be about
Super Nintendo World, and the upcoming Donkey Kong Country Edition to the Super Nintendo World.
Ten minutes long, gonna showcase that.
So... In Japan?
Yeah, in Japan.
Oh, I think they're doing it in Orlando too.
Sadly, Hollywood I don't think is getting it.
No game information will be featured, but hey, I'm all down for hopefully some more interesting rides because the Mario Kart ride looked okay, but in the Yoshi ride looked pretty lame.
Have you seen the things, that Donkey Kong coaster?
It looks fucking incredible because they do that trick with the rails where it's actually attached to the rail underneath, but then the rail that's an illusion disappears.
That's
That's right.
I forgot about that.
That's going to be so cool.
Can't wait.
Anyway.
I can't wait.
All right.
Let's get to our next email.
It is from YYR, and it's always a pleasure to hear from YYR.
Hello, LR!
That's how you know it's a YYR email.
I just wanted to let you know that it's that time again.
I'm going to be attempting the DDR Max 300 Birthday Challenge again for the fifth year in a row.
This year, I'll need to clear it 45 times with at least 23 of those being on Expert Difficulty.
Is it 23 because it's half?
It must be.
It must be half Expert Difficulty.
Round it up because it's an odd number.
And once again, I'm going to do this as a charity stream to benefit Feeding America.
Best of all, for the first time, if you're one of the top 10 donors to chip in $45 or more, you can make me attempt any other single chart in DDR Grand Prix to be played after I've completed the challenge.
You're going to be so tired, Aaron.
I'm going to be doing this live on my Twitch channel at 1 p.m.
Eastern on Saturday, November 16th.
YYR's Twitch channel is YYR57695.
You know, I put the link in chat, but I could probably do you one better and actually give you a proper shout-out in chat right there so you can get people to just click that button and follow if they want to see that on Saturday, again, at 1 p.m.
Eastern.
So if you're able, please drop by, drop a few bucks for this great organization.
Watch me suffer a bit and lengthen my suffering to the beats of your choice.
We love suffering in this country, don't we?
In other news, San Francisco now has its own Round 1 Arcade.
It just opened yesterday in the Stonestown Galleria.
There are two DDR cabinets and a whole lot more.
Go there and play.
I did hear about this.
Our buddy JD, who...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So anyway, continue with YYR's email.
In other news, I would like to gladly announce that I'll be showing the finally completed Super Duper Multitasking at the upcoming Super MagFest 2025 this January.
So please look forward to that.
More details to come.
About time.
I'm really glad to hear it, YYR, in all seriousness.
I know you're very busy, especially being a parent now and all that stuff, but that is incredible news.
Now I really wish I was going to MAGFest, to be honest, but so many conventions, so little time.
Although I can confirm...
I have everything in the works to go to Southern Fried Game Expo next year.
I skipped this last year.
I went in 2023.
I am planning to go to in 2025.
So I will be in Atlanta twice.
So for what it's worth, I'm missing MAGFest, but I will be at Southern Fried this year in Atlanta in 2025.
So that'll be fun.
YYR concludes, thanks as always for the show.
A lot of shit sucks lately, so any opportunity we have to come together is appreciated.
Please be well, stay safe, and have a good week.
Love and hugs, Aaron or YYR.
I appreciate the sentiments there, Aaron.
And yes, you take care of yourself as well.
And good luck with your stream.
That sounds like it's going to be a lot of fun.
All right, that's it for emails.
Again, I'll give one more shout out for our Discord over at vognetwork.com slash Discord.
And then if you have any chat comments, things you want to ask us about, you can put that in there as well.
DJ Ranma S in chat says, we're getting a round one in New York City finally.
Wow, that's...
Wow, where are they going to put it?
I bet it's another converted mall situation.
I bet it was like a big store.
I know NYC is built a little differently than, you know, but it'll probably look similar to San Francisco.
Maybe like a little bit more on the outskirts somewhere.
You have to tell me where, Ranma.
I'd be curious.
Because I doubt it's in Manhattan.
It's got to be out one of the other burbs.
PodCulture says it's up in Queens, said Ranma.
It's converted mall.
Yep, that's what I figured.
HotCulture says, ours was at a Macy's.
SGO100Matt says, I only heard of one in Elizabeth, New Jersey.
So yeah, Flushing, Queens, and Chinatown.
Interesting.
Pretty cool.
Round ones, they're showing up more and more often.
And it's so funny.
I said for so long, God, I wish they'd open one up near me.
And then one opens up in Roseville.
I've maybe been there three times.
Roseville's so far.
Yeah.
It's on the other side of town completely for me.
Oh, well.
I'm just complaining.
I like to complain.
I wish they'd put one downtown.
You know, maybe there's no K Street Mall anymore, but that's where I wish they'd put one is in that area.
Instead, we have Punchbowl Social, which is not really the same thing.
It's more of a bar.
It's cute.
I'm not dogging on it.
It's cute for what it is, especially considering that the old mall downtown is where the light the beam shit that you hear whenever the Sacramento Kings win a game.
That was the mall.
once upon a time so they bulldozed everything except the Macy's because Macy's owned Macy's everything around it and they created that arena and now you know it from Light the Beam and all that stuff when the kings win the games that used to be the mall that's where the round one should have been and so they have a little punch bowl social but that's more of a bar that happens to have games in it which is appropriate for being right there by the arena
Sounds awesome.
I think it's a chain.
I've seen them in Vegas before too.
It's just one of those big candy stores.
So anyway.
All right.
Well, I guess we're going to wrap things up for the night.
But thank you as always for joining us.
Hey, if you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Laundry, it will help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
But we need more voices to put out on air.
So tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word.
A nice five-star review on a site like iTunes or –
and DarkSakura.com
By the way, we asked this week, and I think this is really funny, because I wrote it, so of course I'm funny.
We said, what's your favorite video game where you get to play a hero who leads a rebellion against a corrupt government, asking for a friend?
I had no reason whatsoever for writing that, but we got some good answers.
Mike Deft said, many Final Fantasy games come to mind right now.
Yeah, I think of Final Fantasy games.
DarkDetsuya said Final Fantasy VI, though it probably took its fair share of inspiration from Star Wars, A New Hope, but a good story is a good story.
Yes.
NinjaBuddyDev says OgreBattle64, you rebel agents, you rebel agents to church.
Some people think the church and the government are the same if you catch my drift.
I do catch your drift.
Obni, I hope I said that right, A-U-B-N-I, Obni on Blue Sky said, witnessing the destruction of the world as you know it by a ridiculous clown man with no regards for human life.
Final Fantasy VI, good call, good call.
Download, spelled L-O-D-E, says, you mean aside from the guy in the picture I posted, did anybody guess the picture?
It was Suikoden, it was the picture, Suikoden.
Uh, NotPictured, Gremio.
So I get, maybe I'm thinking that user thought we meant specifically Suikoden, but that's all right.
I'll take, I'll always take a Suikoden answer.
Uh, AKOD, who has the username FireAgua, FireAgua, walk with me.
I love a good Twin Peaks reference.
Props to that.
Uh, Unicorn Overlord technically counts as long as you don't get the bad ending.
Oh, very true.
Very true.
And, um,
Matt Ostro in chat says, while it's more so about a corrupt corporation, what's the difference anymore?
The game was just a lot of fun.
Red Faction for the PlayStation 2.
And Dartusia says, don't forget to do alt text next time you do images in our chat.
Oh, I did forget.
I'm sorry about that.
I'm usually pretty good about that.
but I do all that from my desktop not my phone so it's set a little differently thank you for the reminder because I do try to use alt text to at least convey like if there's words on the screen or the bare minimum of what's happening yeah so thank you for the call out I will fix that next time I want to see if we got any other there was an interesting bleep that we got from because I thought this was cool
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And then it says in the follow-up, now Bobby Blackwolf liked the post.
Jeez, that's a throwback from when I used to listen to All Games Interactive.
Blast from the past.
I'm going to check out all of y'all's stuff.
Well, shout out to you, Ante, if you are out there listening tonight.
Welcome back from all of us here at OLR.
I always love that, that people are like, wait, you guys are still around?
Do you think there's anyone who got the Guinness book that was like, hold up, that show's still on?
Maybe.
I love it, I love it.
I don't know, probably not.
All right.
Who buys the Guinness book anymore?
I was already in the spiel to wrap up tonight, so I already said the news.
Sorry about, I will try to remember to work blue sky to my rotation.
I have to write a note in my show role or I'll forget.
But that brings us to final thoughts.
We really are about wrapped up.
So Loki, your final thought tonight.
hopefully I get a lot done this week not work related hopefully a lot Minecraft work my final thought is a lot of people on the red side of the house have been saying what happened this last week is a mandate
I also say that it's a mandate.
I say this is a mandate for me to be an even louder and more obnoxious homosexual over the next four years.
I am not going anywhere no matter how hard you try.
Thank you very much.
Have a good week everybody.
Good night.
To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
