Some may have considered it inevitable that the PlayStation Portal would eventually decouple from only supporting one's own PlayStation 5, but given the existence of PlayStation Now streaming to Aveda and PlayStation TV, I wonder why it wasn't there to begin with.
It probably boils down to the truth of manufacturing, computing, really anything involving a consumer market.
Scaling is always the hardest task to do.
This is the Economic Realities Headline.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you about this portable gaming update and the rest of the week's gaming news.
Starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice...
Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, live and back once again with episode number 1026 of our show for tonight, November the 24th of 2024.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'm here with you every week with my co-hosts.
First off, the one and only DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hello.
How are you doing, Jamie?
I'm a lot better.
My voice is still healing, but yeah, doing better.
Yeah, I was going to say, you sound a lot better, even if maybe not 100%.
You're like 99.8%.
I'd actually put it more like 85%.
Fine.
I've been drinking cold things.
Yeah.
We just got, I'm drinking hot things.
We just got a new coffee maker today because our- Another Keurig?
No, it's a different, I guess other brands can make Keurigs now because I think it's a Ninja, like our, the thing that makes the ice cream.
Yeah.
So we have an, well, it's Costco, whatever it is.
So my husband is a giant Costco queen.
and always looking at the deals.
So I guess there was some type of ninja coffee maker that was available cheaper there.
And I've been hinting that our existing coffee maker is kind of old and isn't looking any the wiser for being an old device.
So we should probably just replace it.
So we bought a fancy new one for like $100 that's usually like $150 or something like that.
That's not bad.
When we replaced my old Keurig, we got the same quote model, but it had like
Internet and QR codes and shit.
Mm-hmm.
I'm like, do I need this?
Probably not.
I guess so.
Probably not.
DLC for your coffee maker.
I will say this one, though, also does like the little, like the actual pots of coffee, a carafe, I guess.
It actually, well, that's more like a, but you know, it actually does like the fuller coffee brewing that will, so you can actually switch back and forth between K-cups and grounds, like really easy.
So I think that's kind of cool because that might help us in like using less K-cups overall.
I just buy them all biodegradable.
I have the refillable cups.
Yeah.
I actually always scrape out the crowns and save them for my compost anyway.
It's just a thing I do.
That works.
And also, it keeps compost from smelling as bad.
I was going to say, it makes all your flowers smell like coffee.
The best part of waking up.
SSJ100Matt says, Coffee DRM.
I think we have come full circle from that.
I remember Coffee DRM was a big thing with Keurig 2.0 and we talked about
I don't know if he's had coffee or not, but let's also say hello to Techmaster Loki.
I haven't.
Yeah, I was going to say you're not a coffee drinker at all from what I remember.
I get a white mocha, but not usually.
Just a sweet treat?
No, it's coffee.
I take that as coffee.
A white mocha?
I don't know if that's really coffee.
It's a suggestion of coffee.
It's got coffee in it.
And also, white chocolate is not chocolate.
This is us dashing your dreams.
I know, I know.
I don't care.
I have no standards for coffee.
He's like, I'll drink another.
See if I give a shit.
Drink too much and you will.
How are you doing otherwise, Loki?
I'm doing okay.
I've been very busy this week.
That's right.
This was your big week off to work on your content.
I'm sure you're doing other things too, but I know you're working on your content.
Well, I saw you put out at least one new video, like came across my eye.
I was watching for a little bit.
It was like you were building a new, I think a new carnival attraction in a space.
You were like, here's this big blank space.
I'm going to put a thing here.
I added plushies.
That's right.
So collectible plushies that you can get prize tickets.
I made Redemption games.
All the rides are Redemption stuff now and you trade in tickets for plushies and it all works with Redstone and custom models and all that stuff.
So that's the way I spent this week on instead of working on the water ride.
I have started working on the water ride this week though.
But yeah, I'm still worried that it's going to
I don't know.
I was complaining to people earlier, as I do.
I put in three weeks worth of work into something, and it gets no views.
And my channel now, the last 28 days, I've lost eight subscribers.
And my watch time has gone from... I used to average about 100 views a day, and it's now 16.
It's like...
Why put the effort in if no one's going to see it?
You know what I mean?
It's just, it's annoying.
It's a landscape.
I guess if you don't just do what everybody else is doing, then this is what you get, I guess.
And I can see where that gets really frustrating and stuff, but I really hope you don't let that slow you down.
YouTube is a tough cookie to crack.
I've been trying to do a little more on YouTube.
I would say I'm not taking the effort
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I had tech difficulty fuck up an entire video and it's hard to bounce back from that so trying to bounce back but you know I put out a good 18 or 19 classic gaming videos and those are really hard to get traction and the ones that are I think the most viewed out of all of those is my Super Mario Brothers 3 which was actually a Twitch stream
that I archived on YouTube and is getting a lot more views.
And I don't know why, because it wasn't a very good playthrough.
I kept dying all of the time on level eight.
Maybe people enjoy seeing that.
I don't know.
Or because it is such a popular game where people are searching for it.
But I would have thought maybe the niche stuff would get a little more traction.
But then a random ass Diablo 4 video I made probably got 10 times the views any of my classic gaming stuff did.
But it's okay because, again, I'm trying not to do it for...
that like I'm trying to do it for the whole like it's kind of fun to build an archive of playing classic games and having that library and playing the retro achievements into it and all of that um no I and I get that it's just more of like I look at like next season where I'm attempting to do something because last season was very stressful because there was and this is kind of a pattern that I keep going through where I have a general idea of what I'm doing but it's not
and DarkSakura.
like I don't know it's at the level of like where there's large creators that do something similar and that's like the content from like their entire server for months and it's getting so much attention to it and it's like I'm gonna do something very similar and it's gonna get no one watching it like I literally have just the people that I play with watching my content which is
it's weird because I have like 3,000 followers or 3,000 subscribers I have a few hundred on social media and like I get almost nothing and it's it's not even necessarily that it's bad like the content's bad it's YouTube itself doesn't push it and you can see there's a marked difference when the algorithm decides oh hey I'm gonna wake up today and actually do my job like it
It... Like, the last episode I put out, before this one, it was dead for a while, and then all of a sudden the algorithm pushed it for, like, 24 hours, and then it's dead again.
Like, it's just... They just don't do their job on their end, I guess.
Or whatever.
I don't know.
I know it's competing against a lot of stuff, but there's also a lot of stuff out there that's not as good that gets a lot more views.
I just don't know what the...
do with it other than like do what everybody else is doing oh it's big tutorials cool then that's all they'll come to your channel for or you'll just do a mod showcase video and that's all they'll come to your channel for they won't actually watch your other content have you thought about trying to do more like i know it's not good for the watch minutes but like just to try to like get people's attention and people can be very fickle have you thought about trying to do more of the i don't want to say like youtube shorts
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Go back to some of your old content and do like, okay, here is the time lapse of the Mega Man build.
Because yes, there's not a lot of people relative to the scale of things have seen your build, which means there's still a huge untapped audience and Mega Man 2 shit is timeless.
So I would say go back and try to just extract some of the time lapse and those quick hits and try to put those out there on things like YouTube Shorts and TikToks.
I know it's a bitch with editing, but like...
and DarkSakura.com.
I don't think it's that funny, but okay.
I guess it worked for TikTok nature and all that stuff.
It is what it is.
But now it's put this weird pressure on me where I'm like, well, whatever I post on TikTok next better be funny.
It's like, shit.
No, and I get that.
Yes, I could be better about doing that.
I did some of that for my first SMP.
I kind of went back and did some of those.
I haven't really had time to do a lot of the editing to get the rest of them, mainly because it was hard to condense it down to one minute.
But now that that cap has gone up a little bit, that should be a little bit easier.
And my newer time lapses are much shorter, too, because I've kind of tried to...
um change the way I make content to make it more engaging so that
People stay around longer, but I don't know.
I don't want to change it too much.
I don't want to defeat you because I think your videos are very good.
You explain things very well.
You do a good story arc.
I'm just leaning into, unfortunately, people don't have the attention span.
They want the quick hit.
They want that shot of, ooh, neat, you know, thing.
So it's like, well, you know, if your old content has kind of run its course, I say recycle it into quick hits and things that are going to grab people's attention and just see what's the worst that can happen.
That's true, yeah, for sure.
Anyway, a lovely content creation discussion here.
It's a holiday week in America, and we've got some news, but we're always happy to talk about that kind of stuff.
I will say Bobby Blackwolf says, short video that's too long, didn't read, and then have a card with a longer video at the end, maybe.
Yeah, you can link to the full stuff.
That's my game plan with the classic stuff too is not so and I'm waiting for I'm the same thing you are is that technically three minute stuff is supposed to be in YouTube shorts but they're not uploading directly in there yet so I don't trust the algorithm to be pushing them until but supposedly that's supposed to be done at the end of the month we'll see but I plan to go back through every single classic game video I've uploaded and make a short out of it and trickle those out too I'll tell you one thing I'm stopping doing is letting Twitch upload my shorts for me
I can do a much better editing job myself oh using the automated thing or whatever yeah it's just so limited and you know one of the things I could do in Final Cut is just like choose where my camera pans I guess of the screen instead of just fixing it at one point so yeah didn't you have a dead by daylight TikTok that got like thousands of views I swear I saw one of your TikToks came up on my feed and I was like dang she got she got a lot of hits on this what
a couple maybe hold on let me I mean I don't have like a whole ton of followers on TikTok wasn't there I don't remember if you guys showed me or if it was Arrington that showed me but there's a way in OBS you can set up where it records vertical and yes vertical yes it can be done but I couldn't tell you how to do it but it is I would still prefer to do my own editing well right it's so that you can record your gameplay
already in the format and then you just edit that down it makes it a little bit easier than having to like reformat everything yeah and that just depends on how you're cranking out the content like what what factory is going to work for you yeah i i do believe it's possible Loki i just couldn't tell you how to do it yeah anyway yeah i have like one of my big ones on here is um
All the ones where I sneak away from the killers and they don't see me or do dishes with them or meme around.
Interesting.
I do think, Loki, I don't know how much you're leveraging TikTok, but TikTok will give you 200 views on every video.
No, it won't.
I've tried.
Really?
I've re-uploaded some of my shorts there.
Nope.
Nothing.
Hardly anything.
Interesting.
I'm telling you.
It's just...
yeah because I did that and they even like they have even like long format stuff that's on there sometimes so I was like okay sure I'll try a long format one I'll try a short no it's just it's awful I no thanks interesting well then it's really gonna be interesting to see what happens with TikTok and this whole you know they're threatening to remove it from stores and all that stuff and I don't it's never gonna happen
I don't know like apparently I shudder as I say this because I don't like talking about politics right now but apparently the CEO of TikTok is attempting to go kiss the ring because he was talking to Lex Luthor over at X about who of course is you know the first bitch now as you know how to assumably how to get around the TikTok ban and to try to convince Chitalini that it would be in his good favor to unban the TikTok thing.
and I don't know how that's all going to play out but because I would think if you're TikTok and you're about to get banned you're going to create a web app but how effective is that going to be?
I don't know.
I don't know.
There's been talk about also TikTok might spin off into two different companies or something so I guess a lot can happen between now and January but I do feel like TikTok
you know maybe it's just recency bias my own luck on there but I feel like TikTok kind of at least nudges it a little bit I did notice the video that went viral didn't it started with a normal pattern as all my videos do but it was getting more likes in that time frame and I think because of that TikTok pushed it more that's what happened so you got to encourage your friends to hit that content early and push the like button for what it's worth
Oh, Bobby says reposts are better than likes.
Actually, that doesn't surprise me either.
I don't think my content ever got reposted until that one.
So, anyway, weird.
All right.
Anyway, enough talk about content creation.
Let's get into video game news.
That's what we're here to talk about.
Create the content.
That's right.
Let's create the content.
Let's talk about an award ceremony that has a content creator of the year award announced the nominee list this week.
And there's some controversy along with that, as there usually is.
But this one is very interesting.
Loki, you want to start us off tonight?
Yeah, so Game Awards are right around the corner, I think.
Was it like two weeks?
It's on the 12th, a little bit later this year, I guess.
Oh, yeah, it's usually a little later than it is.
Yeah, it's around like the 8th or the 7th normally, I guess.
It just didn't work out.
Anyways, so they announced, of course, the different categories and the nominees.
So, you know, starting things off, obviously, the big one, Game of the Year.
Some of the, I mean, nothing really surprising, I think, but we've got Astro Bot, Boletro, Black Myth Wukong, Elden Ring, Shadow of the Erd Tree.
Kind of interesting to see that DLC is Game of the Year.
That's kind of like...
What?
Final Fantasy VII Rebirth and Metaphor Re-Fantasio.
Yeah, Elden Ring should not be in there.
I'm sorry.
Let's talk about that a little bit.
How are we feeling about DLC as game of the year?
No.
I'm going to present the other side of it is many people would argue that that DLC was so...
Such a heavy volume, such a large brush of DLC that it's almost like its own standalone game.
Give its own category then.
I'm sorry, no.
It's not game of the year.
Elden Ring did not come out this year.
No.
Yeah.
I agree it should not be Game of the Year nominated.
And it has nothing to do with the quality of it.
I'm sure it's a great DLC.
Here is my reasoning.
I want to explain why.
Because I feel like I have a decent reason why it shouldn't be nominated.
When your game goes to win Game of the Year, that is a huge notch under your belt.
That's a huge uplift on your resume.
A huge thing to be able to say that you're working on.
And essentially, if this DLC wins that award...
Elden Ring as a game has won that award twice.
And to me, it's very similar to like, let's say Titanic.
The movie Titanic gets nominated for all of these Oscars.
I think 15, 20 years later, they re-released it in 3D and it would be similar to giving it an Oscar for visual effects again.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
People are going to have to buy Elden Ring in order to play the DLC.
So if people want to explore this game, they're going to have to buy the base game.
And it's almost like it's getting that bump in sales, that uplift in sales, that recognition twice.
And yeah, it's taking it away from somebody else.
And whether that somebody else is a AAA title like Final Fantasy VII Rebirth or an indie title like Bellatro, which...
I don't understand the hype behind Bellatro.
I'm going to say it.
And yes, I've played the game and it did not land for me the way it's been landing for everybody else.
That being said, I'm happy to see an indie studio in the running.
A lot of people clearly seem to enjoy it and it clicked for people the way it didn't click for me.
So I can say I'm happy to see the game in there.
I'm happy for its fans.
And I would rather see a studio like that
Take the Game of the Year award, then the Elden Ring Studio will take that award home for the second time for the same product.
Yeah.
Best Game Direction, ironically, the same list.
Well, that's not that different from like the Oscars and Best Director.
Sometimes there'll be like one that changes, but that's...
Yeah, the director's the one that oversees a lot of the package.
It's not that surprising, to be honest.
I want to get some comments in chat over twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
E3VL says, it's like if a movie made an extended cut.
Yeah, exactly.
Even the Richard Donner edition of Superman 2, I don't think it was nominated for anything.
It was still the same movie.
Although I would say, if anything, when you completely deconstruct or reconstruct a movie, maybe, but y'all get my point.
uh Dark2CS says I agree with Rob they got their trophy let someone else have one this year and I wouldn't even care if From Software got another trophy for a different product I wouldn't care yeah like I said put put have a category yeah that's like best DLC or something like that if you want to do their best expansion or something but I mean the fact that they've gotten I mean they have some down especially when we get down to the very bottom of the list here you know where it's like
Like this one right here.
Most anticipated game.
That's a throwaway category.
Who cares?
What are we judging the best hype machine that's coming out?
What are the game awards, Loki?
I mean, it is a hype machine, I guess.
But it's just stupid.
I just... I don't...
I don't care.
Like, I just don't really want to see that stuff.
And Bobby Blackwolf says, yes, it's GTA 6.
Which, by the way, I believe will be the big, like, reveal.
I mean, yes, we've already seen it.
I think we're going to get another taste.
I think that's my bet for the Game Awards trailer that's going to have everybody going, oh my god!
You know, after the GTA 6 update for life.
Sure.
And I'll eat it up.
I'm fine with that.
I know you will.
I know.
I want to get some other comments though.
S200Matt says, I feel like it should be lumped into best ongoing game than game of the year.
DLC equals ongoing support in my mind.
I could see that.
You know, an interesting comment too on that category because who wasn't there was World of Warcraft, which, you know, they haven't been there for years and years, but there's several people that would argue that
wow's recent expansion has really brought that game out of a rut and it's really pushed things forward and they've been doing a lot for their 20th anniversary and so forth and that maybe they deserve some flowers for it this year but they didn't get it maybe because the game's so fucking old at this point i don't know but just something i noticed uh some yeah but you know who's not in best ongoing gaming despite the fact that they keep giving us brand new dlc free over and over and over and over again isn't in there no man sky's not in there
To be fair, they've been in there almost every other year.
And I'm going to keep it 100.
I'm going to keep it 100.
Yes, No Man's Sky has been delivering on the DLC.
They do a great job.
Not as much this year as the last few years.
Because they're working on a new game.
They probably just don't have as many people on it.
Is Final Fantasy XIV in there?
It is.
While I think that's great, and I love XIV...
The Endwalker Cycle was not great at the end and Dawn Trail as an expansion is fine but it's not as good as their prior expansions Speaking of best ongoing games as we were talking about it Destiny 2 The Final Shape which that's also technically DLC or expansion or something like that Diablo 4, Final Fantasy 14 Fortnite and Helldivers 2 I would actually say Diablo 4 has done a better job last year than 14
of the games I play.
You don't know how much they have tweaked Diablo 4 and how fucking well that game has been uplifted in the last year.
It's in an incredible state right now.
Let's see.
I guess I'm just a fan, biased, whatever.
Best narrative.
So, Final Fantasy VII Rebirth, Like a Dragon Infinite Wealth, Metaphor Re-Fantasio, Senua's Saga Hellblade 2, and Silent Hill 2.
Mm-hmm.
you have a couple games in there so there was an interesting comment here from ZenMonkey11 and I want to get to this because I think this is a valid perspective from the other side saying only way I would agree that DLC shouldn't get game of the year is if there is another game that should be there
and kind of, I take from that comment, kind of insinuating that you know what, overall the quality of games this year we're not looking at the same type of year we've had in years past this is not, you know, that DLC made it because other games weren't up to the bar however, I would say you probably named three other games in there
that maybe I think people would accept as a game of the year.
Like a Dragon, Infinite Wealth, I think was very well received.
I'm kind of surprised.
I mean, as much as they overhyped Hellblade 2, I'm surprised that one isn't in there.
And then what was the other one you said?
The last one.
Silent Hill 2.
Yeah, Silent Hill 2.
A lot of people thought that was really... But then I guess we'd be asked this, should a remake be game of the year?
Yeah.
you know that we'd be having that conversation.
I mean obviously because Final Fantasy 7 you know is in there again so I mean that makes sense that it being that it is a remake I would say not a remaster a remaster should not be in there a remake yes because it is technically a new game maybe just like saying you know like you know a new Batman movie of remaking Batman or something for the millionth time you know should that not be considered for an Oscar or something like that um
Well, obviously it should.
I can tell you the other game, it hasn't come up yet.
DarkSakura knows the other game that people are saying ought to be in that game of the year discussion.
There's another recent release that people are saying ought to be in that discussion.
It's not Veilguard.
It is Veilguard from, you know, but that's, you know, again.
But it's not that great.
I mean, don't get me wrong, I love it, but it has so many problems with it.
The writing is not great.
Interesting.
Alright.
Art Direction, Astro Bot, Black Myth, Wukong, Elden Ring, Shadow of the Erd Tree, Metaphor, Refantasio, and Neva.
Let's see.
Music and score, Astro Bot, Final Fantasy VII Rebirth, Metaphor, Silent Hill 2, and Stellar Blade.
um let's see a lot of these are a lot of the same stuff uh Call of Duty Black Ops 6 for best audio design um Astro Bot, Final Fantasy 7 Rebirth, Sending With Saga Hellblade 2 and Silent Hill 2 uh performances so uh voice acting and whatnot and performance capture uh Brianna White from Final Fantasy 7 Rebirth uh Hannah Tell from Life is Strange Double Exposure
Humbly, uh, or Humberly Gonzalez for Star Wars Outlaws.
There's a game that, I mean, I don't know if it did that well, but, uh, Luke Roberts, Silent Hill 2, and Melina, uh, Jurgens for Sinuous Saga 2, uh, Hellblade 2.
Let's see here.
I don't know if we should go through all of these real quick.
Accessibility.
How about Indie?
Yeah, let's do Games for Impact.
Which we know which one will win.
Because it's the DLC.
Or I'm sorry, it's in the game of the year.
But we know which one will win.
But what are the other ones nominated?
uh, so indie, actually funny enough, it is, uh, so indie game, we have Animal Well um, Bolotro uh, Lorelei and Laser Eyes which, that looked pretty good, uh, Neva and UFO 50 and then uh, community support though Nomad Sky is in that one, so Baldur's Gate 3, Final Fantasy 14, Fortnite Helldivers 2, and Nomad Sky for best community support, so I get that, you know feels right, um
Mobile Game AFK Journey, Baltro, Pokemon Trading Card Game Pocket Weathering Waves, Zenless Zone Zero
I actually think the cutoff for the nominations is like maybe like a week before they come out it's like November 15th it's pretty fucking late in the game because uh you know why they want people they want to cover the period through Black Friday and all the game releases it's always been like that because sometimes the big games of the year like especially a Nintendo side they don't hit until like that Friday before Black Friday
So I know the cutoff is all the way out there.
So, you know, they may have gotten a preview of that game, you know, the influencers on that.
And I will say, I've been playing a shit ton of that pocket trading card game.
It's a well done dopamine machine.
It's, yeah.
So I can't say I'm shocked to hear it in there.
Alright, let's talk about some games that we haven't mentioned yet.
So, Best Action Adventure, we have Astro Bot, Legend of Zelda Echoes of Wisdom, Prince of Persia The Lost Crown, Silent Hill 2, and Star Wars Outlaws.
Best Role Playing Game, Dragon's Dogma 2, Elden Ring Shadow of the Erdtree, Final Fantasy 7 Rebirth, Like a Dragon Infinite Wealth, and Metaphor Refantasio.
It's funny that three of those are remakes or like DLC or remakes.
Best fighting game.
Now this feels weird too because these are all old games or at least this one is.
So we have Marvel vs. Capcom Fighting Collection Arcade Classics.
None of those are new.
Dragon Ball Sparking Zero, Granblue Fantasy vs. Rising, Multiverses, and Tekken 8.
Yeah, I don't know if the Marvel's... It's a good collection, but really, I guess it's scraping the barrel for fighting games, I guess.
I hate to say it, but it really does feel like this year the awards are really going to be the sideshow.
And this is really just about the hype machine of whatever trailers are going to be showing off and whatever other stunts he's going to be pulling this year with, you know, people, celebrities that show up to do whatever, special dedications or whatever.
It just really feels like...
Mm-mm-mm-mm
and then let's do best family games so mostly Nintendo but not all Nintendo so we've got Astro Bot Legend of Zelda Echoes of Wisdom The Plucky Squire Princess Peach Showtime and Super Mario Party Jamboree
SSJ 100 Matt reminds us jury voting is 90% of the vote and you can see a list of those sites on the Game Awards site.
Fan votes are 10% and that is a good thing.
Fans should not have 100% of the vote.
Look at any story about Metacritic bombing and all that bullshit.
The fan vote should be 5%.
The fan vote should be tie-breaking only.
The shockingly large percentage of people, and it really should be much smaller, that just get like butthurt about, you know, pronouns.
Like, come on.
Come on, man.
No, those people should not be voting on Game of the Year.
I'm right there with you.
best adaptation and this I think is pretty close with some of the stuff that they've got here so Arcane great series, Fallout excellent series, Knuckles didn't watch it but I hear it's good I'm definitely gonna go see the new Sonic movie Like a Dragon, Yakuza Tomb Raider, The Legend of Warcraft wait I heard that wasn't good
Well, right, I didn't say that one was good.
Okay, to be fair, you did kind of gloss past that one.
You did say all the others were good, and then you said, well, that one was there too.
Not you.
Not you.
Yeah, so, yeah, there's more, like, esports stuff as well.
Like, I don't know.
Cool.
Cool.
I think Black Myth Wukong.
Really?
I just heard that some people straight up hated that game.
So I feel like that's a controversial choice.
I hope it doesn't go to Elden Ring.
I hope it doesn't go to Elden Ring either.
I guess Final Fantasy 7 Rebirth.
I'd be fine with that.
Or Astro Bot.
I hope Astro Bot takes it.
I'd love to see Astro Bot.
I think Astro Bot would be a great, great win for the year.
Especially the way they've really got that magic.
For everybody who's ever said, I wish they would release Mario on the PlayStation 5.
It's like, okay, you have Astro Bot, which is just as good.
or just like just to just get out of this mindset that we have to create all these like Dark Souls clone games like can we just not can something else win like can we differentiate you know our library of games that are released in the years like so many of these are like oh it's a Souls like it's a Souls like oh stop
Put out something new, please.
Bobby Blackwolf says Bellatro will win it.
Again, I would love to see that because I would love what that would mean for the indie developers and so forth.
And I think we need a year where an indie kind of snatches the prize.
And especially in a year where DLC is going to be nominated, I think that would be a very interesting thing to see.
Again, but it's so weird because I can sit here and go, I mean, the game didn't really land for me, but cool.
I can still root it on for what it stands for, I guess.
Mm-hmm.
Well, let's move on and talk about our gaming weeks and the types of games that did land for us this week.
Or actually, I want to talk about one that didn't, but we'll talk about the types of games we've been playing this week in our gaming week.
DarkSakura, why don't you start us off?
Um, well, I played Dead by Daylight, which was, you know, Dead by Daylight.
I've been trying to play a lot of Spirit in 2v8, and I'm slowly getting my groove back with playing her, so it's been kind of fun.
Although, I think I have more fun just farming and memeing around than actually playing seriously these days.
Yeah.
um there's people who just take that game way too seriously um I also played uh Dragon Age Veilguard which I am enjoying don't get me wrong it's just there's there's there's problems the writing is just not great there's continuity issues it's like there's all this lore that they said we're just gonna look at like a third of it yeah that'll be fine um
I also played Polya, which I do, the Suica game.
I played a little bit with my Vroid thing today.
I mean, it's more of a model maker, but it's kind of fun to me like a game.
And yeah, it's been a really stupidly, redonkulously busy week.
All right.
Well, we'll move on to Loki.
How was your gaming week?
it's basically just Minecraft but speaking of Minecraft there was a new movie trailer put out an actual trailer not the teaser this time and it looks it looks better I think some people still hate it I mean I'll still go see it but yeah they're leaning into like memes and stuff like that because it has the line you know as a child I yearned for the mines so it's silly
But yeah, it's pretty much just a final... It was just...
Minecraft this week.
Mainly working on the theme park stuff.
A lot of setup for all the plushies and stuff that I was adding to the game because it's essentially on the back end of a resource pack.
It's setting up 110 models.
Thankfully I built models that use player skins so I just had to get our player skins that we were using and alt skins and just dump them in there and then I could link them to the different models that I would create using Blockbench and everything.
and then setting that all up in game and setting up all the redstone in game and building all that and the filming at least didn't take very long although I had to re-film stuff because my wife is during the day and so my wife was on a like a call and my mic was picking up audio from that I was like dang it so I had to redo some of that um
So it was a little bit of a mess, but yeah, it turned out pretty good.
And then like, uh, the mini game, the new mini fishing mini game was pretty fun.
Uh, we may have to, uh, cheat in some invulnerable, uh, basically, uh, rods with no durability, um,
on them or without you know taking durability you can make some invulnerable ones because uh every time you play the game like it essentially just toasts one of those enchanted fishing rods it's gonna be a pain to keep to have you know fixing those up every time so we may have to just out of the sake of my sanity and maintaining that game just you know
We'll throw one of those in there so that it's not a problem for people visiting the park and everything after it's all done.
What they're doing this year, we have the cast members, which are the folks that make videos and YouTube content and stuff like that.
And then we have supporting cast, which are people that play with us that don't make content.
And they have their own area, but they also are working on the end of season project.
So they have a giant build that we haven't seen yet that they're working on that's going to be our finale that we go to this place.
And so...
that's been pretty fun but they've now finished that and they have like two months left and so he's coming to help out with the theme park he's building like a Wild West area and like you want to do an aquarium and so that's kind of we're filling in stuff in the park and he helped out a lot with the build that I'm working on right now a lot of the terraforming for that because I was just struggling to get it I just couldn't
Thank you for watching!
It's big.
It wasn't supposed to be this big.
TigerClaw in chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network has kind of a question that I've been marinating on for you as well, which is what are your thoughts on the new Minecraft movie trailer that came out this last week?
Right, as I said, I thought it looked pretty good.
Yeah, there's a new trailer.
It gave us a little bit of the backstory of some of the characters.
So obviously the one that... Oh, what's his name?
I can't think of his name now.
Aquaman.
Oh, Jason Momoa.
Jason Momoa, thank you.
Jason Momoa's character plays like... He's kind of like a... Was it a...
like a arcade champ type you know like a Billy Mitchell type character sort of but not you know this essentially like he was a big like oh I got a high score back in you know 89 but you know I'll really focus on that
and just like you know the kid is a modder he's like kind of like a person that makes modded stuff in the game and I don't know who the other two people are yet or how they get there but essentially you know there's like
Somehow Steve gets into this Minecraft world and then he's kind of living there now and then they get in kind of the same way and now they have to get out at some point.
But yeah, I think it looks good.
I mean, I would have preferred it to be animated, obviously, but it looks more interesting than what we initially saw.
But there are still a lot of things that are like Uncanny Valley, kind of weird.
But I trust that they'll do the best that they can with it.
and we'll see.
If it sucks, we'll just call it like it is, you know?
I mean, yes, it's still animated.
There's a lot computer animated in it.
Yes, technically true.
But I wish it was fully computer animated instead of like green screen stuff for a lot of this.
But...
there are a lot of actual sets and stuff the behind the scenes stuff that they are talking about the work that's going into it with Weta and everything is very there's a lot of effort going in it's not just like, oh it's a quick cash grab they are really trying to do all this stuff and make it look great
So, you know, hopefully it turns out great.
I will see it either way.
I mean, you know what?
There's like a lot of movies that you never know.
Like, look at Sonic the Hedgehog.
Perfect example.
when we first saw that I was like oh it's gonna be alright but it's a good movie like I've really enjoyed the last two movies and I'm looking forward to the third one I'm not even really a Sonic the Hedgehog fan I'm just aware of that franchise like I you know it wasn't one of the games I played it's too fast but it's I don't know it looks fun alright cool
All right, my gaming week.
You know, admittedly, a lot of the similar types of stuff I've been playing.
Final Fantasy XIV, I had another friend of mine that recently got into it.
So we've been, you know, buddying up, doing some dungeons and things like that.
And I finally hit my Black Mage, hit 100.
So, you know, I've been working on that.
And let's see, also been playing Diablo 4, even though I swore I was done with it.
I don't know.
It's still very...
Diablo 4
as far as other new games is played this week I gotta talk about Microsoft Flight Simulator 2024 because that released this week and I don't know
I'm not happy with the way it turned out and that really sucks to say because I want to like I loved Flight Simulator 2020 was so good like it was just so neat because you didn't have to know a lot about like flying the planes or anything there were these modes that would just throw you right into flying into certain areas and then like you would also it was very easy like it would come up on the screen like if you would just want to say like say I want to do like oh I want to fly from the Sacramento airport to
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I tried to play Microsoft Flight Simulator 2024, wouldn't even work the first night because I guess the servers were getting slammed so hard because I know they lessened the amount of download in this game because I think a lot more of the assets are online than they were the first time I'm sure they're leaning more into the Azure streaming and all that stuff and of course you can never accurately predict the demand for that type of thing and those servers were slammed
I was able to play it the next day at night and it takes a long time to load probably because it's downloading all of that data when you fire it up, whatever.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
but then like I was trying to do the custom flight and I had a really hard time doing it and I couldn't even figure out how to get autopilot to take over for me like I'm sure it's very easy but it wasn't as easy or intuitive as it was in 2020 and then I was like well I think there's this whole mode where you can like get out of the plane and like walk around and I did that a little bit and it kind of
Maybe it's because I was trying to do it in my neighborhood.
It's probably more meant for foresty areas and mountain areas.
It doesn't look good in urban areas.
Because the building information is just not all there.
I guess I couldn't expect it to be there, but it kind of looked bad, to be quite honest.
And then I tried to do a photo mode.
And again, the game...
wasn't really helping me on how to take a photo, even in the first mission, which is supposed to be easy to take a photo of the pyramids in Egypt and this whole thing.
And I just, I'm going to be, I'm going to be 100% with y'all.
2020 was a better experience.
I would rather just go back and play Microsoft Flight Simulator 2020.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Thank you for watching!
I don't know what to say.
I'm really disappointed because I feel like this studio makes good games and I feel like obviously you see the internet is just tearing them a new one over all the downtime that this game had with its launch and so forth.
And I feel like there's, you know, maybe people don't necessarily feel exactly the same way I do, but I think there are quite a few people that are saying, so what's really the upgrade over 2020?
Womp womp.
So I don't know.
I don't know, y'all.
I can't recommend it.
I mean, if you have Game Pass or cloud streaming, I mean, I guess it's, what do you have to lose?
But go play 2020.
The maps are the same because the neighborhood I was trying to explore wasn't built in the 2020 maps.
And in 2024, it's still not built.
Anyway, so that's my thoughts on that.
Alright, well with that we'll get into some more gaming news.
Just a quick housekeeping note, we will not be here on December 15th.
I will be out of town, so I will not be here.
So no show December 15th.
Right after the Game Awards.
sorry uh we're not sorry uh we will oh shit that means I can't do the broadcast Bobby was talking about earlier because that means that's the night of Thursday night is the night I fly out womp womp oh well I guess I'll catch up on all of that when I uh land we'll see well Loki you could do it Bobby if you're around or Jamie if you're around Thursday night you should do it yeah
Alright, let's move on to some gaming news.
Loki, start us off.
Alright, so Sony is in talks to purchase the parent company of From Software, Tunesoft, and other companies under the subsidiary of Kadokawa Corporation.
And apparently this is definitely happening because Kadokawa has confirmed that
they have received an initial letter of intent to acquire the company's shares from Sony but they haven't made a decision regarding that if there are facts that should be announced in the future we will make an announcement in a timely and appropriate manner so it's not like official official but all signs point to it's in the process I mean essentially that the intent from Sony has been Sony has said yes we would like to purchase you and they're like
Well, we're going to think about it.
DJ Ranma S sounds very confident it won't happen in chat.
I mean, we'll see.
It is a very, it's a much, this is much bigger than FromSoftware.
And I understand why Rama's commenting on this because this is, for the anime market, this is huge.
You know, and Sony has their hands in things beyond video games with entertainment and all of that.
And so, and Kadokawa,
is, like, they don't just have from software, they have all these movies, anime, stuff.
Anime, tourism, video streaming, Japanese game development, yeah, they have, like, Spike Chunsoft, which did Danganronpa, and Mystery Dungeon, also Dragon Ball Sparking Zero, Acquire, who did, you know, it was co-developed Octopath Traveler, and just did development on Mario & Luigi Brothership,
Also in like anime, you know, there's Doga Kobe, NG, Globovision and others, Anime News Network.
it's a lot, a lot of stuff Ranma in chat says if Sony does acquire Kadokawa, it would put Sony in a majority control of the anime industry there's probably going to be a lot of eyeballs on this, you know, again, I don't know what I'm not going to attempt to even know what antitrust laws in Japan look like but this merger, hardly any to my knowledge this merger might feel like it's almost too big, so I don't know we'll see yeah
yeah um any thoughts though since you know a lot of gamers are looking at this from the from software standpoint and the you know the Spike Chunsoft and that as well any thoughts about that end of it what you know if if Sony acquiring from software kind of changes the game at all or anything like that
I mean, it's a big deal with the series here.
I just don't think we're going to see certainly none of the United States Congress or whatever is going to make a big deal about it, even though it is a big franchise or something.
And certainly, would Sony be multi-platform with those?
Probably not.
I guarantee that they would.
PC, the ultimate multi-platform.
Yeah.
So, yeah, I mean, like, as, you know, and as Joe and Hunter Matt says, it makes me wonder if Sony just wants to buy part of the company, like Disney buying part of 20th Century Fox.
Probably.
But as to what part, I don't necessarily think it's the From Software part specifically.
It could be.
But remember, there's a lot of elements of Kadokawa that...
It could be under negotiation here.
You know, I guess it's easy to jump to the conclusion that Sony wants Elden Ring.
You know, From Software has kind of knocked it out of the park.
I feel like...
I feel like From Software has already done a lot for Sony.
Between Bloodborne, between Demon's Souls and the re-release, they've done a lot for Sony that wasn't necessarily on Xbox in the first place.
So maybe this makes it a little more official, but I don't know if this really changes the game.
yes, Elden Ring was a huge title it was one huge title and I don't think it necessarily just because Sony acquires from software it necessarily shifts the balance of gaming as dramatically as Microsoft getting Activision you know what I mean?
and even Danganronpa these are all games that tend to perform better on PlayStation anyway I don't know, we'll see
We'll see.
I'm a little bit with Ranma that I question if this actually happens.
I feel like there's, yeah, either it's a portion of it they really want control over, but yeah, I just, I feel like the company that gets made out of both of these owning each other is just too, it's too much control, especially in the anime side of things.
Yeah, and I think, like, in the case of Activision, I know we were kind of rooting for that to happen before,
originally because we hated Bobby Kotek but like I think in general these companies that aren't necessarily in financial trouble
We don't really need these acquisitions.
Nothing good has come from this mass mergers of all these different companies into one giant company.
You just have essentially less competition at that point.
And while that benefits those corporations, it doesn't benefit the consumer.
and we see what happens with that when large corporations have lots of money and then get in the pockets of politicians I don't expect the US government over the next four years to give a damn about any of this they have more racist things to do I think you're going to see tons of mergers just because the US government isn't going to fucking care um
And that's just the sad reality.
BobbyBlackWolf in chat says, I think the anime and manga part is the bigger story and FromSoftware is an afterthought.
I don't disagree.
You know, a lot of the gaming media and blogs and stuff are obviously focused on that part of it because it is an impact.
But I do agree with the – I think, yes, I think the reasons why it doesn't happen –
is more on the anime and manga part than from software.
Yes, for sure.
Bobby says, it's just, will governments care about anime monopoly the same way they cared about game streaming monopolies?
And again, I think after January 20th, the US doesn't.
So we'll see.
um it's the U.S.
government will all all be about the rich getting richer yes it's gonna be the EU the EU will be the ones that that yeah Bobby points out the EU yeah I would agree with that the EU is gonna have to do something to to um change the game but we'll see
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and shit that probably works better on mobile um and yeah there's a little trailer that you can see about that and all that uh and you know other than that we don't know a lot else about it except in a follow-up interview with Famitsu Naoki Yoshida said
It's free to play.
There's no gotcha.
But there will be outfits and mounts you can purchase on the in-game shops.
And in a quote said, the monetization will be such that all players can enjoy the game for a long time.
And I mean, I could also see that just building an awareness of Fama SE 14 and getting people hooked on it draws more people into it.
I don't see how this game will be any fun on a mobile platform when it's very action based however
The clever thought I had was, what if they made Final Fantasy XIV a more traditional turn-based battle system?
And that was the mobile game we got.
No, don't do this to me.
It was like Final Fantasy XIV graphics, but the game plays like classic Final Fantasy.
I don't think that's where it ends up.
I was just thinking, I have an iPad, what's the problem?
I'm still hoping for Eleven, but I know that's never happening.
Well, but we know Eleven Mobile was in development at one point and then suddenly wasn't.
So it is interesting that this is a thing now instead.
So one could argue that maybe some of the things that they were looking at for Eleven are going to be for this.
Who knows?
It's really hard to say.
We don't know.
but we'll see you know details again are very light I'd like to see more about gameplay because if it's very action based and dodging you know the servers as it is in the game can sometimes you know people have trouble dodging things and stuff like that so I don't know how that translates to a mobile version of the game I really am rooting for something turn based I think it would I think yeah merge the awesome story of Final Fantasy 14 with classic Final Fantasy and I really think you'll have a winning formula
but what do I know?
I'm just a dummy with a podcast.
Let's talk about other classic games.
DarkSakura, what do you have?
Well, the producer for Dragon Quest 3 has made some interesting statements in an interview including wanting to see a remake of Final Fantasy 6 done in the same style that the Dragon Quest 3 HD 2D was done.
He's quoted saying that they don't have concrete plans, but would love to say that the next one coming out would be Final Fantasy VI.
But, of course, it's not official.
There's nothing really solid in the work.
But they were very proud of Octopath Traveler.
I was just the first in that style and wanted to keep going with it.
I'm kind of with DarkTetsuya in chat who says, I wouldn't say no to Final Fantasy VI done in that style.
Yeah, and I love Final Fantasy VI, don't get me wrong.
We just had the pixel remasters.
Just had that.
And I want to say the opera scene felt very like it was lifted out of the...
Octopath Traveler Engine.
Like it didn't feel like you were in the pixel remaster.
It felt like it was a different thing.
So it's just weird to me.
You know, I feel like it's an offhanded comment the guy made that now like, you know, people are running everywhere.
Oh my God, Final Fantasy 6 Remastered.
You know, people are running a little bit too wild with it.
I'm also kind of sitting here going and
Y'all know the history I've made on this program with my comments on the game Chrono Trigger, which is a game I like, but I feel a lot of people over-inflate it a bit, but that's my opinion.
I can also sit here and say, you know what?
It's time Chrono Trigger fans get their due.
Remake Chrono Trigger already.
Do Chrono Trigger in this engine.
It's what people want.
Give it to them.
We just had Final Fantasy VI.
We don't need it again.
Do Chrono Trigger.
It's fine.
that's where my brain is at but maybe he can't say that maybe it's easier for him to say Final Fantasy 6 because it's the furthest thing from what they would actually make right now maybe they are working on other types of games he just doesn't want to give the hints on that maybe Final Fantasy 6 was a easy thing for him to say because that would be the game they're least working on right now if that makes sense
and maybe it's all speculation that is a big part of it too but I think we'll continue to see this engine deliver us a few more remakes so Live Alive did really well I think so we'll see Mike Def says what Rob wants is a Super Metroid done in the Dread style no
I just want another 2D Metroid.
And Dread was fine.
I didn't love how... I didn't love some of the survival elements of it, but it was good enough.
I enjoyed it.
So, there's that.
Alright, moving on.
Loki.
Alright, so we have news now that the Xbox platform is going to allow you to have a little bit more freedom when it comes to streaming games.
So originally, if you wanted to do the game streaming with xCloud, you had to have Game Pass Ultimate.
Now with Game Pass, of course, you are limited to the games that are in that library, which could change over time.
And that doesn't necessarily allow you to stream games that say you have purchased.
but that may be changing.
So now they are testing something starting as of November 20th to allow people to be able to stream a limited number of games on Xbox if you own them.
It's like a list of 50 games so far.
The caveat right now is that it's not available in the Xbox PC app or on Xbox consoles but you can do it through the browser.
That is so weird to me, by the way.
But it's testing.
They're testing it right now.
So I don't think they're rolling it out, maybe.
I don't know.
Why doesn't the app launch a browser window?
It seems like a very easy bridge.
PC apps on an Xbox?
That's impossible.
Except it's a thing that it does.
But okay, okay.
Whatever.
I don't make the apps, so maybe I just don't know.
Can I launch Edge on the Xbox and stream through that?
You can launch Edge on the Xbox I don't know if you can stream through it I would feel like it's a little too demanding but I haven't tried it but yes, you can use Edge there is a version of Microsoft Edge for the Xbox
but anyways, it does support a limited number of games some notable stuff, obviously the recent release Dragon Quest 3 HD 2D remake Cyberpunk 2077, Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2 which is a couple years old at this point the Final Fantasy games, the Pixel remasters I'm assuming because it's 1 through 6
and Hades Harry Potter Quidditch Champions Hogwarts Legacy although actually I'm sorry Hogwarts Legacy is on there as well yeah so it's a kind of a variety of different games that they're testing out right now and hopefully it expands to more later on yeah because I don't think I had a single game on the list I was like oh let me go see what game and I didn't have a single damn thing on the list
Well, you know... I mean, I have all the Game Pass stuff.
I've tested the classroom before.
It's fine.
Yeah, there's the future Game of the Year indie title, Baltros, on there.
So, Hades.
Which I bought on PlayStation.
So, you know, and again, Hades on PlayStation.
I guess I'm not buying enough games on Xbox, so...
which honestly I don't actually to be real I don't remember the last time I bought a game on Xbox because it's all been Game Pass I think it would have been Forza Horizon yes uh no I don't even think I did that because of Game Pass or I literally I bought it outright yeah I bought it outright for what is before I had Game Pass it was on
The actual console where... No, I'm sorry.
The last game I bought on Xbox actually was Red Dead Redemption 2 for my son to play.
Because he... Well, I mean, his computer can run it too, but he thought it didn't run it, and so he was playing it on Xbox for a while, and then I finally was like, you know your PC probably can run that.
And he's like, oh.
Oh, okay.
Funny.
He's played through the whole campaign.
Speaking of my kids, I am super proud of my kids when it comes to gaming.
So he's played through the whole campaign of Red Dead Redemption 2 already once.
And then now he's playing it again modded on the PC.
My other son, my youngest son, is beat Mario Kart 8 completely.
Just like completely decimated that game.
And now is...
Trying to get good at all the strats to get at the top of the leaderboards in time trials.
And he's like in top 11 on some of these.
Like, it's just ridiculous.
That's great.
All right.
Moving on.
Let's talk about if we talk about Microsoft Cloud, let's talk about the Sony Cloud and let's talk about what is happening there because some interesting updates there as well.
And cloud testing or cloud streaming testing has started.
on the PlayStation Portal.
Remember that device that came out some time ago and some people were like, well, it would be nice if we actually got actual cloud gaming on this thing.
Well, guess what?
You're going to get your wish.
If you have PlayStation Plus Premium...
So you have to have their version of Game Pass, basically.
It will allow you to access 120 PlayStation 5 titles instantly.
And so if you have a PlayStation Portal, it might be a nice little like, ooh, new feature unlocked, apparently.
So that's a cool little thing that they have put out there.
Control is one of the games you can play, and apparently they run pretty well on the device.
So, neat.
I guess cloud gaming really is the future in some ways.
I feel like too, especially with portable devices.
Why can't you have both?
I don't see why not.
I think portable devices still feel very limited too.
You can't really go outside with them because they need Wi-Fi to work.
But
As 5G, I feel, but I feel like I've been saying this for way too long and maybe I'm just like, but I, you know, as 5G gets more and more out there, it will be easier to do when you're not stuck in your house.
But I feel, again, I feel like I've been saying that for a long time now and it still hasn't happened.
So.
Anyway, moving on.
Well, E3VL in chat says, I worry about latency.
It would really depend on the game you're playing, right?
Especially, again, a game we've talked about a lot tonight, Bellatro.
Latency won't fucking matter in that game.
So it really depends on the game you're playing, I'm sure.
But I feel like people that have been playing this thing are, you know, a lot of the cloud stuff is getting better at, like, kind of predicting in advance what you might be doing.
And so it helps with...
the streaming is it actually tries to figure out different permutations of the game at once this is very interesting how it all works but yeah anyway moving on we'll talk about something a little older DarkSakura well a little older and maybe pretty new so there is going to be a new port for Atari 7800 plus it is
Bounty Bob Strikes Back which is a sequel to Port of the Miner or Port of the Miner 2049er there we go I can't make words happen it is Miner 2049er sequel Bounty Bob Strikes Back I can read, I swear it's also kind of a tongue twister name
blah blah blah blah blah it was a pretty influential platform game it was done by Bill Hogue and Big Five Software where you play a bounty named Bounty Bob going through Nuclear Ned's Uranium Mine to look for a criminal named Yukon Johan so you have to avoid enemies and stuff and traps and things on the game but now
There is a sequel.
You can get it.
And of course the...
The original was, I believe, was it a 5200 game?
I'm pretty sure it was.
Yeah, so that sequel did come out originally for the Atari 8-bit computers and did come on Atari 5200.
Commodore 64, Amstrad CPC, and ZX Spectrum.
But this is going to be a 7800 homebrew being developed by Robert DiCrescenzo.
And you can play it on the 7800 and the Atari 2600+.
You can get a physical copy for about $30 and it will come with the cartridge and box artwork from Kat Hudson and a cartridge sleeve and a printed manual.
We love all that fancy stuff.
How about Ninja Golf?
Oh, actually, Ninja Golf is getting republished.
I'm happy.
well okay hold on hold on hold on sidestep sidestep this is from last month but i didn't see this okay that's fine uh actually two months ago r-type running on a 70 did i cover this r-type running on a 7800 i don't recall i need this in my life
I was going to say, I feel like these Atari cartridges and homebrew, a lot of this has been growing because of the release of the 2600 Plus and these newer devices that are meant to play the older games.
It's almost like we have new things to make cartridges for.
You don't have to try to find a 7800 at a flea market or hope you still have a working one in a vault somewhere.
You can actually get a new device to play these.
Whether it's R-Type or minor...
Bounty Bob back.
You know, whether it's that, it's, you know, there's a place to play it very easily.
That's fun.
DarkSakura, did you get quiet because you're ordering that R-type cartridge?
I'm trying to find it.
I don't think it's out yet.
Do you have a 7800 in your vault?
Rob, you're asking me if I have the 7800.
I had to ask.
Surely there's some things you don't have that people would assume you have.
Somewhere I have one.
There we go.
Okay, I should rephrase my question.
Do you know where your Atari 7800 is?
I kind of do.
It's 10 o'clock.
Do you know where your Atari 7800 is?
uh the 50 and probably some with the 5200s so we have two 5200s the four port and the two port version that's a good that's a good bumper we had to do in the future it's 10 o'clock do you know where your atari 7800 is like animate my uh my virtual boy going for a walk and just bumping into it on an illicit uh you know alleyway hallway deal i'll just find a picture of the vault in your old house
Like that's not hard.
I think I've sent you a few of them.
We had a YouTube of it at some point.
It's probably still on the channel.
I don't, there's very few YouTubes I've removed.
I have a TikTok up of the garage right now, but actually from like a year ago.
I would still encourage people to go watch that TikTok of your garage because I think when we talk about like your pinball hobby, I don't think people really understand what that means.
It's hobby with a capital H.
I'll see if I can find it but it's like it's just like you know that's that's honestly that's really Dan's thing but at the same time you know I love it too I mean I'm I'm always gonna encourage him and I told him in no uncertain uh terms that he could not get rid of Ghostbusters he was trying to get rid of Ghostbusters traded out from under me and I'm like no that's in here I thought World Cup 94 was the not over my dead body thing
That is the absolute no way.
That and Theater of Magic.
Theater of Magic though is not a good one for tournament play I realized.
I found one of me playing Doctor Who.
Me playing Beatles.
I found the Metallica that got modified to play the Nyan Cat music.
That was fun.
That's California Extreme.
Alright, well let's go ahead and move on and we'll talk to Loki.
What do you have for us?
Yeah, so Steam has some new rules protecting consumers from unsavory corporations who would like to sell you that DLC and those game passes on promises and hopes and, you know, sometimes that doesn't materialize and you're like, ah, dang it.
I paid all this money.
What am I to do?
Well, now they are going to actually hold those companies to that.
So it says by offering a season pass, you are promising future content.
And in the process of launching a season pass, you will be asked to commit to a launch timing for each content release in the season pass.
That launch timing is a commitment to both the consumers and Steam.
If you aren't ready to clearly communicate about the content included in each DLC and when each DLC will be ready for launch, you shouldn't offer a season pass on Steam.
And if they break that promise with their roadmaps or whatever, the customers may automatically be refunded for that DLC.
So that is a nice thing that they're doing.
Steam being more consumer-friendly as time goes on.
We may not get Half-Life 3, but at least they're making a good marketplace on PC.
Yeah, I'm sure there's some corners that are going to be pretty unhappy with this news, especially in the development front.
Too fucking bad.
I say too fucking bad as well, because...
You know, especially these additions.
This is really, it feels like it's really targeting these $100 game additions, these big game additions trying to, you know, buy it now and get the season pass, all this stuff.
And we have seen it happen.
It's like the Kickstarters that promise a product that's then never delivered on.
You know, so I think this is a great way for Steam to hold these things accountable, that if you sell something, you're not selling something that doesn't exist or concepts of a plan.
I fucking hate that I went there.
But you know what?
That's literally what these gaming companies try to sell you sometimes to get a little more money out of your pocket is that they sell you concepts of a plan and then it never materializes.
So I'm glad Steam says, you know what?
If you don't produce, then the money goes back to them and it comes out of your check.
Good.
If a publisher intends to deliver on what they're promising, there's nothing to worry about.
Yeah.
SS2100 Matt says, too many devs treat season passes as down payments.
And if that down payment doesn't pay for the DLC, then they won't do it.
Just sucks.
So good guy, Steam.
I agree.
You know, and again, I know people are going to say, but the cost of making video games is so expensive.
No one forced you to make that DLC.
Like, honestly, like I get it.
Three words.
Three words.
Baldur's Gate 3.
Mm-hmm.
That's all I have to say.
If your company is reliant on that DLC prepayment in order to function, then I don't think you have a good business model.
DLC is supposed to be, okay, we ship the game, the game is done, hey, the game's getting a lot of support, let's put some more content their way, and you start up that whole process.
Not only should it be cheaper to develop, because you've already developed the base game, you're just adding content at that point,
But, like, it shouldn't be that, oh, well, we can't finish this game if we don't sell this DLC.
Like, then what are you doing?
All right, well, moving on, let's talk about, before we get to our classic game of the week, let's talk about kind of a larger phenomenon outside of gaming.
And I've made it no secret here on this program that I have fucking hated X, and specifically the owner of that platform, Elon Musk, for quite some time.
Ever since he started his anti-trans bullshit, I said, you know what, this is not a place I want to support anymore.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Mastodon also an alternative Threads also an alternative but I think a reason why Blue Sky is sticking is because it feels like what Twitter felt like in 2015 probably because do you know where Blue Sky came from?
Twitter in 2015
It's it was and that's where the controversy of Jack being involved was because technically it was a spinoff from Twitter when Jack was involved and he is no longer involved, by the way, as a big public breakup, because Jack is actually
DarkSakura,
XBOX.COM XBOX.COM XBOX.COM
Capcom has a variety of accounts there most of the big AAA gaming studios and the indie developers are starting to show up on Blue Sky but the question is without an algorithm
How are people going to get their things noticed on Blue Sky?
Because again, and this is one reason people like Blue Sky, there is no algorithm to carry you.
There are custom algorithms and there's other ways with reblogging and stuff and different types of custom feeds to get noticed, but it's going to be a very different ballgame over on Blue Sky.
Of course, Blue Sky has starter packs and things to that note.
I will say GameDeveloper.com, which is more of an industry sort of
Online Magazine, we'll say, really took a deep dive on this subject.
And this is a very long kind of look into, you know, why are developers going to blue sky?
And by their own words here, as at a glance, what happened here
Game developers are also leaving X for Blue Sky.
X was a critical hub for game developers to market games, network, and share creative ideas.
But folks hope that Blue Sky is going to recreate that experience, minus hate speech and Nazis.
Which is pretty much why all of us are re-rolling on Blue Sky right now, because we're sick of that shit.
And, you know, it goes for game developers as well.
Let me go a little deeper.
I want to read to you some things that game developers are actually saying on Blue Sky.
One developer, Andrew Eich, I hope I said that right, who goes by BuddingMonkey, said, "...I joined almost exactly one year ago, mostly to see what's going on in the early days.
It quickly evolved here from a place that felt like a refuge from Twitter to a full community with its own ethos."
Twitter has become exclusively vitrolic political dialogue.
It has no more space for complete humans.
I'm sorry.
I want to cross stitch.
You know those little cross stitches people make and hang in their bathrooms of these like great quotes and phrases?
That is too good.
Twitter has become exclusively vitrolic political dialogue.
It has no more space for complete humans.
That is such a good read.
Anyway, continuing on.
I miss having conversations with other developers about the craft of making games.
I miss learning from other developers.
I miss being able to talk directly to fans in a digestible format.
Blue Sky gives me hope that we can have a community again.
Going to another developer, Gwen Katz, who wrote some comments here on Blue Sky.
With the collapse of arts journalism, crowdfunding scaling drastically back, and most traditional publishers canning their promotional budgets, social media is essentially the only avenue remaining for creators to find an audience.
Twitter was once vastly the most successful platform for this.
But once Twitter stripped the blue checks from verified accounts, the handwriting was on the wall.
And there was need for an alternative.
Also a good read.
Several competitors failed to take off for various reasons.
Co-host Hive, Spoutable.
I never heard of Spoutable.
Blue Sky avoided those pitfalls and seems poised to fill the Twitter niche.
Blue Sky has proved to be an excellent tool for networking and building an audience thanks to starter packs, feeds, and not penalizing links and images.
Whether it works well for actual conversation remains to be seen, though.
So anyway, I do want to, you know, just kind of point you to this game developer article that goes, you know, really deeply in it, but it's basically a lot of people kind of, I hate to say it, but it's kind of like the voices of game developers kind of validating why the rest of us jump ship.
We are tired of...
Non-complete human voices being elevated on the other platform.
And it is refreshing on Blue Sky.
And Blue Sky is not a perfect platform.
As it is exponentially growing, it is going to have growing pains.
It is going to have moderation problems.
There are going to be things that come up.
But again, you have to look at who do you trust more right now to fore edge your social media platform?
Do you trust Elon Musk?
No.
Or do you trust Jay and the Blue Sky team?
Which, while it hasn't always been perfect, I feel like she is, for the most part, making better calls.
I trust that Blue Sky's... I feel like a platform that's actually trying to listen, as opposed to, well, I've decided we don't need blocking anymore, so we're just getting rid of it.
That's a key difference between the two platforms.
Anyway...
E3VL was asking in chat, what is a starter pack?
A starter pack is basically, think of it as a glorified form of a list, a list of accounts that you can follow with one touch of a button.
So it's like, oh, you're getting this pack and Bobby actually linked to, we actually have a VOG Network starter pack.
So at vognetwork.com has a starter pack.
And if you follow that starter pack, you will get
Bog Network, me, Loki, Jamie, Bobby, Anime Jam Session, their hosts, British... I don't think British Invaders is on Blue Sky yet, but probably before too long.
You know, and some of our longest and most vocal supporters whose voices have crafted these shows over the years.
You know, people like SSJ100Matt, Deft, you know, people that are like, you know...
They have a voice around here, even if not formally on a show.
Travis Donovan's on there, too.
People that used to have a show, PodCulture, I believe, is on that pack, too, are also there.
So you can follow all of us with just one touch of a button.
For me, that's a lot of people.
Oh, sorry, Bobby.
I guess there are some footnotes as to why maybe not everybody is in the pack.
My bad.
but I think it's a lot but I like the idea of the different tabs the different custom feeds because like being able to put all that side by side and by the way if you were pissed that Elon Musk got rid of TweetDeck guess what go to the website deck.blue it's literally TweetDeck for blue sky it's great for those of you that like to have four or five feeds on display at once it's a great application deck.blue great anyway
Alright, so that's a little bit about the real world and how it is affecting game developers as well.
You know, being able to access your favorite game developers used to be a great thing and then it turned into a cesspool and maybe it can be a great thing again.
We'll see.
Anyway, let's travel back to a simpler time when if you wanted to contact your favorite game developer, you had to write a letter and put it in the mail.
Let's go back to the classic game of the week with this bumper.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
Alright, DarkSakura, what did you pick for the classic game of the week this week?
In the spirit of Thanksgiving and hunting turkeys and mayhem and shenanigans I chose South Park for Nintendo 64 It was not a good game It was not on my bingo card of games DarkSakura would pick
I was like, what has turkeys in it and is really annoying?
Oh yeah, that game exists.
Alright, fair.
So anyway, it is a first-person shooter game based on South Park, developed by Iguana Entertainment using a modified version of the engine that was used in Turok 2 Seeds of Evil.
I mean, they're the same publisher, so whatever.
um it was released for Nintendo 64 in 1998 and for Windows in 1999 in uh Europe and uh it came out later PlayStation port came out later too developed by Appaloosa Interactive and it was that last release was meant to coincide with South Park Bigger Longer and Uncut the movie
it was the Nintendo 64 version was not well liked I'm just going to throw that out there PC and Playstation versions were received quite a bit better but there were other games that came out and they were kind of received the same way
So anyway, you play one of the four boys, Cartman, Kyle, Stan, or Kenny.
And you have to defeat enemies with different weapons that you find.
You start off with snowballs, I think, yeah.
And after you complete your levels, you have to fight against large enemies with a tank.
And then if you don't win, then you have to defend South Park from other tanks in a minigame called Penalty Round.
There is a multiplayer head-to-head mode.
So there's some people who found value in that.
But with the PlayStation and Nintendo 64 version, when you reach select stages in player mode, you get a code for it.
And then you can put those into Cheesy Poof's decoder and get additional characters for head-to-head play.
So that's neat.
Eventually, yeah, on the Nintendo 64 version, you can choose between 20 characters and 17 multiplayer levels.
But on the PlayStation, only two players can play and are limited to six multiplayer levels and 20 characters.
The Windows version gives you four new levels titled Mustard Block, Sartendipity, oh, got it, Tabindance, and Soman Go.
So, uh...
You also have four extra characters you can play, which is Shelly, Satan, Jesus, and Santa.
So there you go.
So the story of the game is that this comet is approaching the Earth, and...
It is basically concentrated evil, and the closer it gets, the more South Park is attacked, including rabid mutant turkeys, weird clones of the townspeople, aliens, crazy robots, sentient killer toys.
And it is up to Stan, Kyle, Cartman, and Kenny.
And...
Yeah, that's for them to investigate and save everything, thanks to a warning by Chef who got the fuck out of Dodge.
So, it really overall just was not well received.
For all game, the PlayStation version got two stars, the N64 version got two and a half stars, and the PC version got four stars.
Sorry, three and a half, my bad.
They're basically saying that it starts off kind of funny and then gets really repetitive and that's about it.
GameSpot was saying that it's proof that a good license and good graphics aren't enough to sell a game.
But the voice acting, it was done by the original voice actors.
There were just so many complaints about it.
But I mean...
IGN said it was just as funny as watching the show, and GameSpot said that the Nintendo 64 version doesn't have very good level design, but it makes sense with the license.
So, yeah.
I mean, it was commercially successful.
By June 1999, the N64 version shipped nearly 1 million units worldwide.
and by October 1999 it has sold well over 1 million units.
The first one was nearly 1 million units.
So there were sequels that were cancelled.
There was one that was tentatively called South Park 2.
It was announced when they released the first game with a 2000 release date but it was cancelled.
and so they focused on cheaper and simpler releases including South Park Chef's Love Shack in 1999 and South Park Rally in 2000.
There was another follow-up kind of a sandbox adventure game that was in development for PS2, GameCube and Xbox but it was unfinished and unreleased.
they really didn't know anything about it until a build of it was found on an Xbox dev kit no playable version out as far as I know but there's footage out there so you can watch that if you're interested but yeah
Mutant Turkeys.
Go throw snowballs at them.
Save your town.
Happy Turkey Day.
Enjoy the extremely mediocre draw distance.
Right?
I think this was N64 before the RAM cart.
For its time, this was amazing.
Ish.
It was alright.
I think
I think I had been somewhere where this was being played and it kind of bored me.
But the evil turkeys are hilarious and so I figured that was apropos of the season.
It is a very timely pick and not just because a classic game of the week is denoted as a classic game of the week doesn't mean we're endorsing it as a good game.
Sometimes games are classic because of how bad they were.
It had a notable impact because it was wasn't this the first South Park game?
I think it was and you know again in the late 90s South Park was huge it's kind of it's strange to me that it's still going it's like the Simpsons I barely hear about it anymore unless like you know Milhouse's voice actress retires or something like that but like otherwise I'm always shocked they're still going because they don't feel like they have that same cultural impact they had in the 90s you know I think the last episode I actually watched was the DDR one oh god I watched the World of Warcraft one yeah
but the one I always remember most is Chinpokomon for me it was Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride which again that one was great and for it's you know with as much as you know some people point out how South Park is problematic whatever I will say that that particular episode was actually hugely ahead of its time for how LGBT you know issues were being portrayed on TV at the time so you know it's just interesting so
I found something I'm kind of interested in.
What's that?
There's a new Mado Monogatari game coming out in Japan.
It's the series that spawned P.O.P.O.
Nice.
And a new Snow Brothers game.
Cool.
S2100 Matt in chat says, I remember loving this game as a kid more than it deserved.
While it was funny, it was tough to complete the tasks on stages because it was so easy to get lost.
The cheats for this were funny.
And he links us to a cheats page.
Remember when video games had cheats and not DLC?
There's still cheats.
There are.
They just find out about them 10 years later.
Maybe the Game Awards will nominate a cheat as a Game of the Year some year.
Or maybe the Game Awards will nominate the cheat from a Homestar Runner video game someday.
The cheat.
There was one.
I remember one.
Telltale did one some time back.
There was also the card game.
Yes, yes.
All right.
Oh, there's a danger.
There's a dangerous game.
All right.
Well, let's travel around and check out some other news from the gaming world in rapid fire news.
Loki.
Yes.
So we're going to be getting a new Horizons and Zero Dawn Lego set.
So I actually have the first one, the Tall Neck set, which was released a while back.
As part of, I want to say it was a LEGO Idea set, but now with LEGO Horizon Adventures out, there is the new Shell Walker and also, oh yeah, it's Alloy and Barl versus Shell Walker and Sawtooth.
It's going to cost $45 for an 800-piece set.
It's going to be coming out March 1st.
It's all right.
I don't have room for it.
I didn't realize how fucking huge like this whole artisan Lego thing was getting until I went to Target yesterday.
And you know, they have all the Legos and lock boxes there.
But like half of the aisle... Oh, weird.
Not all of them are like that, yeah.
DarkSakura.com
For the podcast people, Loki just held it up on the camera that he built that.
But yeah, it's all of us who grew up on Lego that are now like in our 40s.
Like, I have anxiety and I need something to calm my brain.
And so it's like, here, why don't you build a cat out of over a thousand Legos?
Yeah, the flowers are very popular as well, and they have so many sets of those, and they've even expanded out now to... I see it now where they have, like, Disney-inspired flower sets that also have, like, kind of a, you know, going a little bit old school here, Polly Pocket-style, like, fold-open, like...
and so on.
it's essentially like I saw one that they had it was like the old like night set someone's done like you know of course also the Lego ideas stuff is a big program and you basically go design sets they have free apps you can get out there to just build stuff with virtual Legos and then you create that set or what up on the website if it gets 10,000 votes they consider it you know as possibly something they release so it's pretty crazy
Yeah.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, the flowers got big in 2020 when everyone was home and adults were buying Lego for something to do.
Yeah, if I recall correctly, Mrs. Blackwolf has a few of those sets set up around y'all's house.
I remember from being there.
Yeah, I'm not knocking it.
I'm just surprised.
I was a little taken aback at how big it's gotten.
I was like, oh, I didn't realize we have an entire aisle at Target dedicated to this now.
But even I was going, well, should we buy the cat?
Yeah.
but then I realized I have a it's not Lego but it's a knockoff brand whoever has the Pokemon license because it's not Lego I have a squirtle that I bought at Target ironically enough waiting to be constructed in the other room and until I build that no more Legos so
Yeah, and they've got, like, I mean, every time I go there now, they have the Super Mario World Mario Riding Yoshi set that you can animate with a crank that keeps calling my name, and I'm like, eh.
And then also, like, the Minecraft crafting table set, which it's the, like, micro versions of it, and I really don't like those.
But yeah, I look at it and I'm like, eh.
If I had the room.
Fair enough, fair enough.
Alright, well, let's move on.
We have more headlines, right?
Yeah, and then along with that, of course, we're going to be getting some more announcements out of Announcement Fest.
I'm sorry, Game Awards pretty soon here.
Basically that the developers behind Black Myth Wukong are going to have some announcements to make.
What are those announcements?
Who knows?
But it's going to be exciting.
Potential DLC and ports to the Xbox.
I guess we'll find out.
Maybe.
Alright, DarkSakura.
Well, one of my least favorite fighting game series is going to be coming out for PC.
I know a lot of people love it, so it's absolutely worth mentioning.
Virtua Fighter 5 Revo, R-E-V-O is going to be coming out for Steam.
It's based off of Virtua Fighter 5 Ultimate Showdown that came out on PS4.
It has a rollback netcode, 4K graphics, 60 frames per second, game balance adjustments, and
and it will come out at the same time as a version 2.0 game balance for Virtua Fighter 5 Ultimate Showdown.
All right.
And in other player versus player games, Overwatch has a brand new hero that's been announced.
It's a new tank character named Hazard.
Hazard is a Scottish fellow who's very large and he kind of looks punk rock.
Apparently originally conceived as a cyberpunk villain named Spiker.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I was surprised when they said there was like 40-some heroes, and I'm like, holy cow.
Yeah, there's quite a few.
If you want to check them out, the trial is running right now, except it actually ends tomorrow.
So those of you listening on the podcast may have missed the trial, but he will be added to the roster permanently in Overwatch 2 Season 14.
Keep in mind, each one of those seasons had a new character, Loki, and that starts on December 10th.
All right.
Well, let's talk about some things coming a little sooner than that Overwatch season in world release dates, which again, with the holiday in the US, I don't think we have a lot, but let's travel the world.
Let's see, Loki, what's coming out in the US this week.
We have a few things.
So Wild Country on PC, Nintendo Switch, and Xbox Series.
We have Critter Cafe on PC and Nintendo Switch.
Neon Blood on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Nine Souls on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Backyard Soccer 98 on PC.
We've got MXGP24, the official game, on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
It feels like the official game part of that probably is unnecessary.
Raven's Watch on PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series Riki 8-bit game collection on Nintendo Switch Riviera, the Promised Land remaster on Nintendo Switch
and Snow Brothers Wonderland on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5 and last but not least Tokyo Psychodemic on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5
All right, let's go to Japan, which is very busy this week.
Obviously, Thanksgiving, not a factor there.
So we have pretty normal release week here.
Actually, above average, I would say on the Nintendo Switch, we have quite a few games, including Tomb Raider 1 to 3 Remastered is released.
Taito Milestones 3 is released.
I enjoy these Taito packs.
What's in this one?
oh this is the one that finally has Bubble Bobble I don't know why that wasn't a one or two but we have Bubble Bobble and we have Rainbow Islands in this one so that's pretty cool but we also have Rastan Rastan Saga uh one and two Thunder Fox Runark so it's a pretty good collection there uh and more uh we also have on the Nintendo Switch in Japan this week Madu Monogatari if
Fia and the Mysterious School in regular and limited edition comes out this week including also Rent a Girlfriend, The Horizon and the Girl in the Swimsuit yes that is the name of it Potiononomics that's the game is also released on the Switch this week Steam Prison Beyond the Steam
He's fucking games.
Also out this week.
Blazing Strike, also out.
Bang Bang Bandits, also out this week in Japan.
Grime, also out this week in Japan.
Riki 8-Bit Game Collection is also out this week.
Ooh, what 8-bit games?
I love me an 8-bit game collection.
8-Bit Music Power.
Oh, these are inspired by, these aren't actual like it because they're 8-bit looking games, but that's still pretty cool.
That is out this week.
Snow Brothers Wonderland, also out in Japan this week.
The Exit 8, also out in Japan this week.
Toho, Genso, Wanderer, Foresight out in regular and limited edition this week as well another collection we got a lot of collections this week the Irem collection volume 2 which includes Gunforce, Gunforce 2 and Air Duel that is out this week in Japan
That's a lot on the Switch.
Guess what?
PlayStation 5, we have a lot of similar releases, including Tomb Raider 1 through 3 Remastered, Post-Geronomics, Flintlock, The Siege of Dawn is out there as well.
Ark Runner, also out.
Snow Brothers Wonderland, Irem Collection Volume 2.
A lot of overlap there this week in Japan.
How about the UK, DarkSakura?
Just a handful of things.
Call of Duty, Black Ops 6 for practically everything.
Sonic X Shadow Generations for, yeah, almost everything, again on the 25th.
Ys X Nordics for PC, PS4, PS5, and Switch.
Then we move on to the 29th.
Life is Strange Double Exposure for PC, PS5, Xboxesses.
Red Dead Redemption for PC.
Monument Valley 2 on Netflix.
Phantasmophobia Early Access for PS5, Xbox Series XS Clock Tower Rewind PC Switch PS5, Xbox and then on the 30th Pokemon Trading Card Game Pocket for iOS and Android Alright
We have a few more stories for you, and then we will get to the listener roundtable.
We'll read some of your bleats over on Blue Sky.
We'll also take some calls, potentially, over at our Discord server, vognetwork.com.
And we will get to any emails you may have sent at participate at orangelaundradio.com.
We still have some stories for you.
Loki.
Thank God.
Yeah, so they've got, you know, basically a checkbox that says, Please disclose that this project contains content produced by gender of AI tools.
And then you check yes or no.
And then what kind of gender of AI is used?
Graphics, sound, text, dialogue, code, etc.
And then along with that says they're going to allow... Also, there's going to be a...
No AI tag applied to those who specifically mark their content as being human-made.
So you'll be able to filter by that.
And they also said that the company is... They're trying to...
essentially trying to block, I think, some of the scraping of that data as well.
But yeah, they're also, oh, I'm sorry, they're de-indexing those creators who do not mark or comply with that as well.
So they're going to be taking them off of their search.
So have you certified Pixel Poops 2 as AI-free?
Not yet.
I'll have to go do that.
There is no AI poop in this game.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Well, apparently we are going to be seeing an actual Minecraft theme park coming out.
Actually, two of them.
Two of them.
Yeah, it's going to be one in the US and one in the UK.
Sometime between 2026 and 2027, Merlin Entertainment will be the ones creating these Minecraft parks that will boast interactive attractions such as, you know, and things like rides and
gift shops, of course there's going to be gift shops, restaurants, I don't know what you would eat at the Minecraft Cafe, but cool, and then apparently plans to possibly extend this even further than just these two locations across the globe at some point.
They're also talking about digital perks, but apparently the, you know, we don't have a lot of details, but it would be touch points that allow guests to unlock exclusive in-game content
to continue their gaming journey.
Well, maybe if Minecraft World, what was it called?
Minecraft Realms?
That AR game that they came and went.
Oh yeah, the Minecraft Villager Rescue thing.
Yeah, it's basically capes.
They'll unlock capes or something.
Or it'll be...
DLC for bedrock like you know add on like costume things that they do they do that a lot like cereal and crackers and whatever else they throw minecraft stuff in now if you haven't heard of Merlin they actually this is not coming out of nowhere they are known theme park builders you may have heard of a place called Legoland which is very ironic I am also a known theme park builder
Merlin Entertainment is behind Legoland they also have throughout Europe they have the Gardaland Resort in Italy, Chessington World of Adventures in the UK, Hyde Park in Germany so they're actually the second biggest theme park builder behind Disney and I would have thought that was Universal but I guess not so Merlin is actually the second biggest there so Loki?
Thoughts?
I mean, it's so early, because these are not coming out for another couple years, but...
I'm excited to see what they do I think it's kind of funny that these are the people that make Legoland But for that reason, I don't think this is in Southern California They're not going to put this next to Legoland It's going to be in Dallas or something like that It'll be like something ridiculous I would love to see it in Silicon Valley But the land there is too fucking expensive In fact, that's why Great America is going to be going away We're only going to have one theme park in Northern California If you can believe it, for all the people who live here
I mean, I don't know.
There's a lot of open land.
Florida.
You should put it in Florida.
They'll put it in Florida.
But like, you know, we can.
Have they done anything with the real world yards yet in Sacramento?
Supposedly a soccer stadium is going to be the thing they're going to make there.
We got a bunch of like hills and stuff out here.
So like, you know, I'm sure they can throw something out there.
Yeah, I just don't know.
Yeah.
E3VL in chat says Great America is going away yeah that came out that news came out about a year ago but it's really weird because it's like they've sold the land that it sits it's going to become condos basically but
I guess for what they still will operate Great America through like 2026 I think but it's so weird that it's like you have a lame duck theme park at this point which is wild to me I guess it's time to go before it's gone I don't think they've added anything new to it I have to look I have never ridden a ride there except the Marvel 4D thing and played a lot of Planet Harriers
That's fascinating.
That was in my no rollercoaster era.
They still have the Mass Effect ride.
I need to go on that.
They're not replacing things because they know the park is gone.
So the Mass Effect ride is still there.
I need to do that before it's gone then.
Yeah, you really should.
Okay, actually, here's the deal.
Okay, Santa Clara sold the land to Cedar Fair, who sold it to Prologis.
Six Flags will eventually close the park by 2033.
So the land rental agreement is a six-year lease through 2028 that will give ProLogis the option of extending it another five years.
That is so weird to me, but okay.
And then I'm trying to see like what
Other things they have added.
Is there a way to see like what year they've added things?
I'm looking at the Wiki article to try to see.
What did they close recently?
They haven't closed a ride since 2017.
That's it.
Did you know they closed Logger's Run and The Endeavor?
Oh, one of those rides I said I would never fucking ride.
The Endeavor.
That's the ship that would spin a complete 360.
That's gone.
That was the last ride.
Oh, yeah.
That was the last ride they closed.
I didn't realize that.
I've had zero interest in one of those since my sister threw up on one.
Ugh.
Gross, gross, gross.
Yeah, Mass Effect New Earth is still there.
All right, we're going.
I would go back for fun, but yeah.
I'm trying to figure out what the most recent ride is that they opened.
In 2022, the park introduced Liberty Twirler, a new scrambler ride.
A new show, The Corner Notes, was also introduced.
So a scrambler ride.
Is that like what you see at the state fair, the scrambler?
That must be what that is.
Yeah, I think it's one of the ones that just spins around.
I'd go on that.
I liked the Survivor ride, but it's no longer the Survivor ride.
It's Tiki Twirl, because all the Paramount stuff's gone.
It's Tiki Twirl.
And then the Top Gun ride is Flight Deck, and everything that used to be something is just... I won't go on anything made out of wood.
I don't remember the code, but yeah, because my drop tower is based off of the Great America one, and same with part of the entrance to the park is sort of based off of that as well.
So yeah, I did a lot of research when I came to look at that stuff.
Elis went to see Margaret Cho
Oh my god, I was there.
That was a pride night in like our 20s.
Jesus Christ, that was a long time ago.
And Jessica was there?
Oh, this was, that means-
this was before OLR because okay yeah then that was okay because that she did her CD I sang like a prayer in the karaoke booth and Travis Donovan would play that CD every fucking year for the rest of my life he's probably playing it now somewhere it's a song constant repeat making fun of it it's it's his uh his uh gray noise machine it's what he falls asleep to every night yeah
But no, we have to go.
It'd be fun to go.
The last time I went was for that Mass Effect ride.
There's actually a video of Shane and I. I think it's on the VOG Network.
And Shane never lets himself be on video.
But I said, if we do this, you are going to film a video with me on this Mass Effect ride.
And I think that was the last time I was there.
It's on the VOG Network YouTube somewhere.
Us reviewing the ride.
Yeah.
Ranma says Travis has played that CD on his show.
Oh, I'm well aware.
You make it sound like he played it one time and that would be a lie.
He has played it multiple times on his show.
Oh, this news maybe, since we're talking about theme parks.
All right, we're in the listener roundtable now because we've clearly gotten off track.
There's no emails, by the way.
Okay, participate at orangeauntradio.com.
Try again next week.
S2100Matt says, they're getting rid of Muppets 3D.
and Muppet Land at Disney Hollywood Studios.
And they're putting in Monsters, Inc.
Land instead.
That does make me very sad because I liked Muppet Vision.
It was cheesy as fuck.
They got rid of it at California Great Adventure, too.
They got rid of it a long time ago.
I don't know what.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
That sounds like a Disney World thing, not a Disney.
It is.
It is.
So it was still at Disney World after it was gone from California Venture.
it's now leaving Disney World as well so it won't be anywhere bring back Captain EO what did they even do in the Captain EO theater now?
they brought back Honey I Shrunk the Audience for a little bit for like a month which is not good, I'm sorry well yeah, but for me it was just being a little bit giggly seeing Eric Idle and Rick Moranis yeah, yeah um
I know the one in California Adventure would do movie previews.
They did a pretty badass Tron preview thing, but that was when Electronica was there.
They need to give us the Tron fucking ride.
Where the fuck would they build it?
Give it.
Where would they build it?
There's no place to put it.
that's the problem with California there's no like every time they talk about expanding Disneyland they are going to have to bulldoze a hotel to do it basically so there is talk that they just take out the little theater and the Monsters Inc right there and make it a
uh under partly underground and partly above ground and there is talk that Disney's gonna expand um I think they're gonna tear down Mickey and Friends and build the parking structure further away and they want to build another space in Mickey and Friends I don't know it's something wild I mean
They tore down the whole parking lot to give us California Adventure and Downtown Disney.
It's a playbook that works.
But yeah, if you've only been to Disney World and never Disneyland, you need to understand Disneyland is in the middle of what us and NorCal would just simply call LA.
It's Anaheim.
It is surrounded by some kind of businesses, like older businesses.
Development.
And a neighborhood.
And neighborhoods.
Yeah.
Which is why there's those big tubes on Incredicoaster.
Yeah, so there's no place for them to put new stuff without tearing down something old.
It'll just start becoming like a triple-decker amusement park.
You know, the park of the future.
Yeah.
I told you that they replaced the whole innovations place with a restaurant.
Oh, did they finally replace it?
I didn't know that.
A couple years ago.
I will say though, this is important too for Florida, the people that have only ever done Disney World.
The advantage of Disneyland is that because there's no more space and everything is right there, everything is right there.
And if you get a park hopper, you literally walk from one park to the other like you're crossing the street.
It's easy.
We're good in souls.
Florida's not... Florida, you gotta move around by shuttle or something.
And plus, it's Florida.
Yeah, and it's Florida.
Okay, anyway.
Full disclaimer, I've never been to Disney World in Florida.
I've only been to Disney Springs.
And that was just last year because our cruise was out of Orlando.
And I thought I would get to go this year.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
now here's the I didn't read the second half of what SGO and Hunter Matt said about the Muppets thing because I actually think this part is pretty cool so there is a ride that we don't have it in California I've never been on it it's called Rockin' Roller Coaster featuring Aerosmith is the ride I think it's an indoor roller coaster I think they got rid of the Aerosmith one a while ago though yeah it is no so Aerosmith I thought the Aerosmith one didn't it replace like the old Hollywood dark ride or am I wrong
No, I think that was the ride.
I don't know.
I think they built it as Aerosmith.
I really do.
I don't know.
I don't know the history of Disney.
I might be thinking of two different ones, but I know that the Hollywood ride was crap.
But...
The, the, the part of the other reason why Aerosmith is going away.
I mean, the band is kind of retired, but the Muppets are going to be the new, so it's going to be an electric, what do they call the band?
The electric, electric mayhem.
It's going to be an, it's going to be rock and roller coaster with electric mayhem now.
Yes.
So that is actually kind of badass.
Like I, I just, I want to ride with Janice.
Janice is the most underrated Muppet on the entire fucking series.
And I feel like an electric mayhem ride is going to like feature Janice.
yeah so it was it was uh rockin roller coaster uh with Aerosmith and then they re in 2019 they changed it to Avengers Assemble Flight Force and now it's a new thing now okay Muppet Vision 3D yeah
Bobby Blackwell says the Hollywood Dark Ride was replaced recently it's not the same as Rockin' Roller Coaster okay when I think when I hear Hollywood Dark Ride I hear of what I think most people agree is the absolute worst ride Disney has ever done in their mere existence and that was Superstar Limo at California's Great Adventure that was what I was thinking of but I thought that they had a version of
Wait, wait, no, they didn't do that at California Adventure, did they?
No, yeah, Superstar Limo.
I thought they did that.
Yeah, Superstar Limo was there from opening day for like six months, and then it was gone.
It's the Monsters, the Monsters, Inc.
ride is what used to be Superstar Limo.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, so.
I don't think, I haven't been on that or the Monsters, Inc.
ride yet.
It was pretty awful.
That's why in the Monsters, Inc.
ride, there's the little TVs on the thing.
They had to reverse engineer a lot of Monsters, Inc.
into what that crap... Yeah, and you can find a ride of Superstar Limo on YouTube.
It's bad.
It's really bad.
Defunctland is a really good resource for a lot of that.
Yeah, I love watching them.
S200 Matt says that old Hollywood ride became the Mickey and Minnie Runaway Railroad.
Oh, they do have that ride at Disneyland.
It's really good.
I like that ride.
That was really good.
Yeah, that was like Rise of the Resistance for kids was what I got out of that ride.
I don't think I've been on that.
Oh, it's good.
The Mickey Minnie.
I think that's like Disney's newest ride in SoCal.
It's right near... I just stood in line for Rise of the Resistance several times in a row.
It's in Toontown.
I think they took out some of the stables that used to be behind Toontown.
and they built it it's right next to Roger Rabbit but like I think they okay they built it behind where it used to be backstage I didn't go to Toontown at all oh that's why that's a huge ride yeah but yeah I recommend it they I don't want to spoil it if you've never been on it but like the way the ride starts in the queue was really impressive I was like and I'm sure it's the same trick in Florida but I was like okay that was really well done like the way they do that so that's that's all I'll say about it
I think a good queue is the kind that makes people forget they're in queue.
And that's exactly what that ride did.
All right.
Anyway, well, we could talk theme park rides all night probably, but we don't have any emails, sadly.
Let me check in with Loki, though, to see if there's any last minute stories.
No.
No?
Well, it is a holiday week after all.
And on that note, I hope those of you that are celebrating Thanksgiving this week have a good one.
I hope you have safe journeys wherever you might be going and like for example I'm just doing Thanksgiving with my dad it's just going to be the three of us and that's fine we're doing cousin giving but one of my best gal pals and former co-host of the show called Shaking and Crying Here Miss Victoria or Aria Snark is going to be performing in Rocky Horror Picture Show Thanksgiving weekend so I'm going to go see it as if I haven't seen that movie enough times in my life but I'll see it one more time for Victoria
So Rob, my ballet studio is doing Time Warp.
Oh, that's fun.
I opted not to because I'm already doing a bunch of stuff.
That and the... I don't get to be Magenta.
I would have been mad too.
There's actually no one going to be in costume except for like two people.
All right.
Well, whatever you're doing for Thanksgiving, and even if you made a choice not to go be with family this year because you just can't handle it, that's fine.
Thanksgiving is whatever it looks like to you, mental health-wise.
I hope you have a mental wellness day.
I hope you have a mentally relaxing and uplifting day, however you choose to spend it, and a little break from your day job, that type of thing.
Thoughts and prayers to all of you Black Friday workers.
I don't know what else to offer in that situation except- I have something else to offer.
I will commit- If I may.
I will commit to not being an asshole on Black Friday.
Yes, DarkSakura.
I have an alternative to Black Friday.
I'm doing a sub-a-thon.
Yes, you are.
Yes, you are.
And rather than stay in line and buy the TV you don't need, you could just hang out with me.
There you go.
Friendsgiving, virtually.
And I'm going to put this down here-
I'm going to put this out here right now is that I have a special prize in the form of handwritten, sarcastic, and borderline rude holiday cards.
Rad.
What time are you starting?
10 a.m.
Okay, good.
I'm going to come.
Because I hate myself.
I'm going to come at the beginning.
Kidding.
All right.
Well, then that means you have to play.
I'm leaving here at 1.
Yes, I promised you a Himbo Chris, Dead by Daylight, and I plan to deliver.
I need a Himbo Chris.
All right.
All right.
Alright, well with that, we're going to wrap up tonight's show.
Thank you so much for listening to Orange Launch Radio.
Thank you for downloading the show.
Thank you for being here live, however you consume this show.
Thank you for being a part of it.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Launch Radio, please help us spread the word.
We are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices to put out on air.
So tell a friend or two about the show.
A nice five-star review on a site like iTunes, Spotify, YouTube, wherever it is you found this show.
All of that goes an awful long way and we really appreciate it.
With that, we'll go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Speaking of streaming, I'm imagining DarkSakura's probably got some DVD in her tonight.
Yeah, it's going to be me and Smokey doing a 2v8 killer.
Oh, that'll be fun.
You going to keep working on your spirit?
Yeah, I've actually kind of enjoyed playing spirit.
I'm not really all that great, but I've gotten some spicy hits, and that made me happy.
Good, good.
All right, well, any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
I don't know.
Just...
Don't be shitty.
That's all.
That's a good plan.
Be good.
Just be good.
Alright.
Have a good stream, DarkSakura.
Bye.
Loki, we'll go over to you.
Your final thought tonight.
I just have a lot of work to do this week.
You sure do.
And cook.
You gotta make that happen for what you're trying to do with your channel and all that good stuff, right?
Yep.
Alright, let's see.
My final thought is... I don't know.
I don't know if I have a lot.
I got to host another show last night and that's always a very lovely feeling.
I always love being able to do that.
So I look forward to being able to do more of that in the future.
That is what I'm going to say about that.
All right.
Well, we're going to wrap it up, except I just realized as I'm starting to wrap it up here, I was supposed to put in a new outro tonight that I forgot to do.
So I'm trying to do it right now.
So Loki, you could help me buy a little time here with a second final thought, if you might have anything.
uh yeah my second final thought I guess would be um yeah go watch my episode that I put out it's fun it's got plushies that I worked hard on and there's a lot of redstone in there so we're gonna probably thinking about um doing like a series a small series on like
Mini game design and stuff in Minecraft.
Just, you know, kind of what it takes to do that.
Because that's kind of what I'm doing next season anyways.
So it's not a mini game.
It's going to be like a massive game.
But same concept applies.
You just have to break down what you want to do and how to do it and all the components and everything.
All right.
Like game design, actually.
It is game design.
Nice.
Alright, well that's going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you all so much for listening.
Have a wonderful week and we will see you in seven days to talk about whatever you might have bought for holiday sales and Cyber Monday and all that bullshit.
Have a good one everybody.
Good night.
Fun.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
