Reading through the news, I couldn't help but grit my teeth at a statement by Satya Nadella stating that As we look ahead, our intellectual properties across our studios have never been stronger.
The context thanking Call of Duty chiefly.
Yes, Microsoft's portfolio has never been stronger as they keep the cod mines churning while shuttering studios that provide its sorely needed variety.
Businessmen excel at moving money around.
Out of the car and back in the saddle.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about this glib victory lap and the rest of the week's gaming news.
Starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio.
We're live once again with episode number 1023 of our show for today, November the 3rd of 2024.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'm joined here with you maybe an hour earlier, depending on where you're at, with the one and only DarkSakura, or J.B.
Summers.
Arizona, but honestly it should stay this way.
No, I totally feel the opposite.
I don't think Hawaii does either.
Oh, hi, Loki.
Oh, you're right.
I don't think Hawaii does.
They're always in a different time zone though because of where they're at.
And parts of Indiana?
Is there really parts of Indiana that don't change?
I didn't know that.
We should just stay like this.
It's nice for my vampire self.
Well, yeah, see, but for me, and I have moods that are affected by seasons.
I've talked about this before.
I do not like the less light at all.
I like to be able to go walk while it's still light out and get vitamin D that way.
But usually in this time of year, I just go at lunch.
I just have to hope it doesn't rain.
You know what?
I'm going to get you a light lamp.
It has done wonders for me.
Has it?
That's good.
I had one for a while.
I don't remember what happened to it, though.
I think it got left behind.
Also, my alarm clock has a wake-up light.
Oh, yeah?
and that actually has helped me quite a bit.
That's nice.
I have a cheapy alarm clock I've had forever, but I use my phone.
I feel like a lot of people just use their phones in this day and age.
I use my phone.
I use both.
And now my phone tracks my sleep because I have Pokemon sleep.
I don't feel like waking up to the sound of birds.
Well, I don't wake up to the sound of birds.
I have that normal like... Well, no, no, no.
Anyone with an iPhone knows the marimba.
My... My, uh, clock...
has bird noises and weird shit.
I just have it on for the light.
I only use it for the light.
My phone, I wake up to six different alarms, including excerpts from Super Metroid and Sonic the Hedgehog and a few other things.
Over in our chat room, over twitch.tv slash VOG Network, because we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice Geeks Network, VOG Network on Twitch and vognetwork.com, nine o'clock Eastern Standard Time.
6 o'clock Pacific, right after the Bobby Blackwell show.
And actually, PodCulture, who lives in Indiana, says they stopped doing that a few years back with the parts of Indiana that switched around.
So I guess it really is just Arizona and probably Hawaii.
We don't have anybody in Hawaii to confirm, but I think that is correct, that they don't flip the clocks either.
So how about that?
Anyway, but we don't just talk about clocks here on Orange Launch Radio.
We talk about what is going on in the gaming world.
So let's just jump into it and talk about a gaming-related app.
Loki, do you want to start us off tonight talking about a new app that Nintendo put out this week?
Yeah, Nintendo put out an app called Nintendo Music.
It allows you to listen to Nintendo Music.
You know, much like those other apps that have other music in them, but except this is just Nintendo.
And yeah.
Other features they have in there as well.
Some songs, obviously a lot of the 8-bit stuff that was in your games.
It's very short.
It's like a one minute loop or whatever.
It can be extended to 15, 30 or 60 minutes or just infinitely.
You can just loop it forever.
We call that replay or loop or something like that.
I don't know.
They have an initial wave of tracks from all different games in several different platforms.
So, of course, some of the more popular stuff, Animal Crossing New Horizons.
You've got the Wii with the Wii channels.
That's right, Mii Shop channel all day long.
We'll talk about that in a minute because I have a funny story about that.
Donkey Kong Country, Mario Odyssey, Super Mario Galaxy, Super Mario Brothers, Splatoon, Star Fox, Nintendogs, Zelda, all the stuff.
But it's not everything.
It's not everything.
It's a limited selection and it's very obvious like the catalog of classic games.
They want to add to it every week for a little while until...
they are pulling what they do with the Nintendo Online stuff with the games and slowly drip feeding it out and of course much like the Nintendo Online stuff you have to have your Switch Online service and be paying for that in order to get access to this app on your mobile device um
Cool, I guess.
It's nice that they're having that there.
I just kind of wish that, you know, it would just be on any of the other apps that I use, you know.
I mean, some of it is because they illegally put it there, but it's fine, I guess.
It would be even cooler if it was incorporated into the Switch.
Yes.
So this is funny because I know nobody will remember this and I don't have the recording in front of me.
And I know y'all get sick of the Rob Stradamus thing, but I fucking said Nintendo should do this some time ago.
The only thing, I will say this, the only thing I got wrong is I don't think, I don't know, and I'd have to go back and find the clip and there are people much better at searching the archive than I am.
Maybe somebody can find this because I want to say we were talking about it when Nintendo was taking down all those YouTube channels.
And I was saying, you know, Nintendo ought to just take that part of Super Smash Brothers with the music player and have it on the Nintendo Switch with a Switch Online.
Because I was thinking, you know, people do hook up their headphones into the Switch.
So I didn't think – I don't think in the moment I was thinking about cell phones.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
No, I mean, that's separate, I think.
I don't think that has anything to do with this.
But maybe they're putting this out to... I think it's yes and no.
Maybe the response to that made them decide to do this.
I think it's a little bit of both.
I think Nintendo has been planning this for a little while, which brings me to my other point.
Nintendo moves so fucking slow sometimes.
This app would have been so much better if it was like five years ago.
that's the biggest problem this should have rolled out with Nintendo Online or shortly after we should be talking about it now in 2024 when most people are asking the question where's Nintendo's next console and perhaps this is Nintendo's way to try to I think there's a lot of people this month
because you know they've around the time of this month is when people are re-upping their annual subs to Nintendo Switch Online so maybe this is just a play for people don't cancel it just yet y'all don't cancel this just yet because we've got all this you know music available in this player this is an added benefit of Nintendo Switch Online so you shouldn't cancel just yet I think ultimately that's a big part of it I mean while yes it is a thing I just don't see myself using this like honestly like
if I want to listen to Nintendo music I will just incorporate it into my playlist in Spotify like if I have to find a YouTube video how?
Nintendo music isn't on Spotify
Right, but you can play your own library that's on your device.
So if I find a way to download it, which is super easy, and just incorporate it that way.
But I'm not going to do that because it's too much of a hassle.
The value add is very minimal at this point, I think.
You know what?
Hmm.
I do it super easily on Apple Music because all I do is add it on my computer and it syncs to the cloud and I have my music well not with Apple Music I do it with crap, the other thing iTunes Connect I forgot what it's called it's an iTunes iTunes Match that's it, iTunes Match right, but like to the point though that it's not a big value add
There's a lot of music on YouTube that wasn't taken down.
So I find that if I want to listen to Nintendo music, it's still on YouTube.
Just maybe not some of the large channels.
Or it's people that altered it a little bit.
Like there's somebody that took a bunch of 8-bit songs and made them stereo, which is, you know, some people like that's sacrilege.
That's not what it was originally.
But I'm like, I don't care.
It sounds kind of neat.
So like there's a lot of those type of things.
Yeah.
But I mean, the Nintendo Music app is fine.
I don't I don't have an issue with it.
I think, you know, I said it's something Nintendo ought to do.
They did it.
And so it's hard for me to sit here and be like, why did they do it?
So here's the weird thing, though, like on top of all that, like it.
Talk about having no foresight into things.
You just released Alarmo, an alarm clock device, and yet this is not incorporated into that.
It's like...
What are you even doing?
Like, you have a device that's essentially a clock radio, and you're like, nah, nah, we're just not gonna do that.
I'll give you that.
I'll give you that.
It would be nice if the Alarmo connected with that so I could wake up every morning to the sounds of the escape music from the original Metroid.
Um...
My only complaint about it is that it's limited.
I like the repeat feature that's in there.
I think it's cute.
And Bobby brings up a good point, and I would agree with this, is that there's not an infinite replay.
It's only 15, 30, or 60 minutes.
Replay would have fade outs and fade ins.
That's, you know, if you were to do that based off like CD soundtracks, there was always a fade out and fade in because it was a loop forever.
So it helps to keep things a little more, you know, but any basic audio editing would get you that.
But again, it's the convenience, right?
It's convenience of having it all there and knowing that you're doing it the legitimate way or whatever you want to say about that.
Well, I know I get the warm fuzzies when I'm biting by Nintendo's corporate rules and all that stuff.
I know, it's just like, oh, we'd want to anchor corporate Nintendo.
Jeez, that would be awful if I could just have fun with their IP.
Just having fun on my own.
Not trying to profit off of it.
Just having fun with it without them...
Being so strict with the rules.
and they have the Famicom disc soundtrack for Metroid and of course as I'm sure many of you know there is a difference because the Famicom disc system specifically the disc system which Metroid and Kid Icarus and some other games were released on because that's why we had password versions and battery packs here because those were disc system translation games and that's how they got around the fact that the discs never came out in the US but that disc system had an extra sound chip and so some of the songs actually sounded different
Castlevania 3
Yes, but now that leads to the other big question.
So Castlevania III, Konami game, right?
So probably not going to be in the Nintendo Music app.
Or will it?
And I think that is an interesting question and to be determined is how will or will Nintendo third-party publishers be worked into this?
Because, you know, Konami, I think, has played pretty well with the Switch Online.
Well, actually...
Maybe not.
They've done some stuff.
There's a couple.
I feel like there was more on Virtual Console and we might have like Castlevania.
I don't know if we have.
No, because they did their separate collections.
I actually don't think we have anything Konami on Switch Online at this point.
It's because...
or it there might be a couple like Legend of the Mystical Ninja I think might be in there things that were like more one-offs here uh because I know Goemon is a much bigger series in Japan but I just can't help but think of how profitable this would be if they just sold these like like they did virtual console with you know you have the games you can buy the games and you can buy the soundtracks and you have it all in one library and then maybe that library is accessible on your mobile device as well like it would
It seems like that would be more valuable than what they're offering here.
But like, I mean, I can say I'm never going to use this.
Even though I pay for this, I pay for the extended, you know, whatever they call it, Switch Online Plus or whatever the hell it's called.
Like, it doesn't matter.
It just, you know, get some DLC for free type stuff.
Yeah, I'm just never going to use this.
And I mean, cool that they're doing this.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Would third-party publishers maybe start lending some of their stuff?
Especially ones with legendary soundtracks, which are many of them.
Capcom, like shit, if the whole Mega Man library could be on there, that would be awesome.
But I think, again, most of that is on Spotify and iTunes and all the other stuff too.
So I'm curious...
Zero, so, you know...
It's not zero because Spotify, YouTube Music, iTunes It depends what the third party company has done For example, The Guardian Legend I would listen to that soundtrack every day There's no official way to do it That's a big fat nada because those publishing rights are kind of up in the air I think Compile might have actually released a soundtrack
Are you serious?
That's a big deal.
Hold on, I'm going to double check.
I remember seeing something about this.
Please do.
Guardit Gaiden soundtrack.
um so uh you would have uh that but then like you know I'm almost positive Konami has released a lot of soundtracks as has Capcom to things like Spotify and iTunes etc etc and you know I don't think they make oh my gosh a ton of money but they make a bit oh Square Enix is a great example says Fifth Dream uh Square Enix says uh they have a lot on Spotify I'm grateful so um
Why can't we just have one Nintendo online app?
Why can't they just add this into the existing Nintendo online app?
I get it's a different thing.
But shouldn't we have one target launch place for all things Nintendo?
Like that would just be, I feel like that would just be the better way to design an app.
But what do I know?
I'm just a schmo with a podcast, huh?
So anyway, let's see.
I was incorrect, by the way, but I got you.
well yeah no I know I know like it's easy to get the soundtrack rip it from YouTube or rip it from the game or whatever like I can do but like I'm saying there's no official way where somebody gets money because I am streaming the Guardian Legend soundtrack so that's I I would I would support that every day Guardian Legend for Nintendo music hashtag I'll keep on dreaming all right
Well, let's move on from Nintendo Music and talk a little bit about our gaming weeks and the types of video games we have been playing this week or music we've been jamming out to, I guess, whatever is the case.
DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
New and exciting, yeah.
No, it really was.
So I, of course, played Dead by Daylight now that it's working and I got a response back on my ticket and they gave me 100,000 blood points for my trouble.
Oh, that's cute.
Well, I say cute because did they give away like 300,000 blood points?
I've got all of that too, but this is an extra 100,000 and that was nice.
Sure, I guess it's something.
It's a gesture.
It's extra.
So, anyway...
Well, I mean, it was enough for me to get Dracula to P2, so hey.
Anyway, of course, I also played Polya, and then my game came out this past week that I have been waiting for for a decade.
Dragon Age The Veil Guard came out and you want to know what it's fucking great do not listen to the review bombers they're they're being assholes because they don't I don't know I don't care what they think it's great it's beautiful I am playing it of course to on Steam through the GeForce experience and it's it's beautiful I haven't had any problems with it um it's absolutely amazing I am really really really really happy with it
I'm just showing off my PlayStation 5 copy ready to go.
I haven't played it yet, but I'm hoping I finally will start tomorrow.
There are people who have been going off on it because of quote, wokeness, whatever.
Some of that comes from the fact that you can actually choose your gender identity as male, female, or non-binary.
doesn't quite encompass all of the selections out there, but this is far better than what we've seen before.
And then they also have your pronoun selection as he, him, she, her, and then they.
And again, going a little bit further than some other games have gone, you have... Sorry, I just don't...
These people, they get so mad about these.
To me, it's a lot like the gay marriage argument, is that people are like, people should not have the right to marry somebody of the same gender.
And the classic retort that I think still holds water is, if you don't like gay marriages, don't get one.
that's that's all yeah that's all you have to do if you don't want to get married to somebody of the same sex don't nobody is forcing you to and it's the same thing with pronouns and gender identity in games you it's it's very easy for you to not play somebody non-binary in this game if you don't want to wow what a concept my whole thing on that is I don't think bigots deserve any attention I would rather treat them like the relics they are and leave them in the past
unfortunately those bigots are getting headlines by review bombing which sucks we just don't have to give them any attention they do it for attention they do it to push something and if people just keep ignoring them keep voting against the things that they're standing for that's the problem that's why I don't want to stay silent because they're voting and clearly in large numbers which is scary they're all going to die
of natural causes, DarkSakura means.
No, here's what I mean by this.
Hyperbole, Twitch terms of service.
Okay, fine, hyperbole.
But it's the fact of life.
Everybody dies, end of story, no matter how.
And here is my thing.
If you look over the course of history, and yeah, we do have moments where there are setbacks, but things tend to move towards a more progressive state.
Do we have legal segregation anymore?
I said legal.
Can I go out and get a credit card, Rob?
If it was two years before I was born and I was an adult, I would not be able to get a credit card without Dan approving it.
What about everybody having voting rights?
The people who are voting against this shit...
As they die out, and the more progressive voices stay afloat, then, I mean, it's just a matter of progress.
The conservative is exactly what it is.
Conservative, and that usually ends up falling by the wayside as people learn new things about themselves and about society.
So, I just say that, and I feel comfort by it, and I'm...
Anyway, so to me, they're like having a roach infestation, right?
I just use my powers of extermination.
I vote, and my vote will exterminate one other vote.
And that's how I see it.
By the way, please vote on Tuesday, everybody.
Or now, if your state allows it.
Yeah.
Of course, we know common sense is so rare it's a superpower, right?
I know.
Thank you, Deadpool.
Anyway, back to Dragon Age.
So anyway, back to Dragon Age.
I found the combat to actually be pretty okay.
I do miss some of the targeting from Dragon Age Inquisition.
It made playing a mage a lot easier, but I really like how they've done kind of a different lock-on system.
It's not like a true lock-on, in my opinion.
But the battle mode and the regular running around mode are sort of integrated in that.
I'm just saying, I really enjoy it.
Character creation is still kind of wonky.
All of them are kind of wonky.
I actually had to go back and tweak my character at least once.
I'm enjoying that one of my favorite characters is Romanceable, and no, it's not Varric.
also, the game will start out by punching you in the gut of your heart that's all I'm going to say um
also the they have in like certain textures and things for uh injured characters um if it's part of a story point I think that's pretty cool but anyway I'm I'm loving it the voice acting is great I still want to punch Solas in the face and I think that the name of it should be changed to Dragon Age for fuck's sake Solas well originally the game was called Dragon Age Solas wasn't it the dread is called Dragon Age the Dread Wolf
No, but originally it was called... Like, in development.
It had, like, three other... No, I want to say the first first name was Dragon Age Solus.
It was the Dread Wolf, referring to Solus.
Oh, right.
Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah.
That was the title that it was going to come out with in one of the working titles.
Yeah.
I mean, Dragon Age the Dread Wolf sounds a lot cooler than Solus, and people who had never played were like, who the fuck is Solus?
But they'd play a Dread Wolf game.
Hell yeah.
Anyway...
moving on that has basically been replacing like my polya night and my retro night because I am into it and limiting myself to one night a week is slow and unfortunate torture which I may not limit myself I'm just saying I might do side quests and things because you know we can't have too many spoilers that's how I did 16 I said that's how I did 16 I played the main quest on stream and I did a side quest off stream
5th Dream says, I played all of them and I'm still like, who the fuck is Solas?
How can you not remember who Solas is?
I had that conversation with Nick last night.
Actually, like, legit question.
I didn't beat any of the prior Dragon Age games.
I'd like to play the Veil Guard.
I'm about ready to just play this thing and see what makes sense and what doesn't.
But like, is there a... Here's the thing.
When I ask people, how should I prepare for Veil Guard?
They say, well, you need to play Inquisition and you need to play... And I'm like, that's not realistic.
Okay, you need to watch this three-hour YouTube.
That's not realistic.
Okay.
Actually, whether or not you want something short and simple, everybody is right.
You really do need to go back and play through the previous game or at least watch highlights of it.
And definitely Trespasser is a big, big fucking huge part of it.
Yeah, I like the part where you said watch highlights.
That I can do.
Yeah, but I'm going to be perfectly honest that it's not a game that is an instant gratification kind of game.
It's one of those... The series has been an entire slow burn up to this point.
You know...
And that's the way I like it.
I like having to go back and understand a very rich lore behind the game and see where they put in the little tidbits that were like a blink and miss it moment from a previous game.
And, you know, I was writing fan fiction for Inquisition, so I had to know ins and outs of it.
But it was...
it really, really is a worthy game and I'm kind of to the point where these games where you know there are there are CliffsNotes versions and honestly enough Rob, if you want the CliffsNotes
I will, I'll be happy to spill the stuff for you but there are some YouTube that would do it in 10 minutes or less just keep going, again, I understand there will be things that are deeper in the lore that, like you said, wink and nods that will go over my head, that is fine I just want to make sure I understand the story like, okay, so this person's bad, this person's good this is what they're fighting for, just the key things that will just get me through the game
The whole series is not simple like that.
I'm just going to put it out there.
We've got three games worth of lead up to this.
And to me, this feels like it's the big push.
And it sounds like they're going to be doing another game after that.
They're saying that there's no going to be post-release DLC.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, they're all on Mass Effect now, I believe.
Yeah, I'm sure that that's going.
But they've actually, from what I understand, already have a small team working on spitballing story elements.
But for me to sit and explain the points that would lead up to this...
would probably be at minimum 30 minutes for me to to go through those points and then I'd be like oh and by the way this happened that referred to this one I'm sorry I forgot to mention it blah blah blah um one thing too though is that you can do a really I'm just it's a spoiler but it's right at the beginning of the game so I'm just gonna say so um you can recreate your inquisitor
and I think mine mine looked a lot like my Inquisitor did so I think it might have pulled from something I don't know but you can pick who they romanced who is what you chose at key points of the game how you treated Solas so those were all points that I think are the big affectations in this one
but yeah I mean I would be happy to give you the the recap but it's gonna be pretty long still because there are I'm gonna so many other things I'm gonna tell you what it is I'm gonna play the game and if I understand it great if I don't I'm gonna say when I talk about it next week review it do not play this if you haven't played the other games it's not worth buying like and so I I hope that is not how this game leaves me feeling that's just like and that's I would say the same thing about a movie
you pretty much get thrust right into it now one thing I will say is that it's not necessary that you've read all the comics even though there are things from the comics that are in the game because the story has been very progressive the entire time like the whole uh
I don't want to say Apocrypha because it's not really.
It's all canon.
But it's pretty involved.
I don't really want to discourage anyone from saying it.
From playing it.
I really don't.
But I would suggest at the very least get familiar with what happened in Inquisition.
Just get familiar with it.
I can find a Wikipedia article or something.
Like I said, I'd be happy to tell you stuff.
At any rate, it's beautiful.
It's fun.
They have done quite a bit to where you can just get right into the game.
But...
But some of the races of people might not make sense.
They do refer to certain terms that do require a little bit more familiarity with the Dragon Age universe.
So have a glossary open and read the CliffsNotes of Inquisition, although it would still have been better had you played it.
The end.
Anything else for the game of the week?
some Baldur's Gate 3 which honestly I didn't play the other two Baldur's Gate games just saying but I know D&D so that's how I got into that you raised an excellent point though yeah, Varric does give you a little bit of a background on it so there is that there is that alright Varric is our storyteller well then we'll move over to Loki, how was your gaming week?
so this week I just played Minecraft really and edited video so I've got everything ready to go for my next episode which actually should be out tomorrow I'm pretty much done editing it so I did that and then of course Minecraft Adjacent I checked out that Oasis AI thing which is I don't know if you've seen it it's this
procedurally not even procedurally generated so completely like generated by AI Minecraft that you know plays about as well as you think it would in other words if you spin around it forgets what's behind you so uh it just it's all hallucination all the time but it has like some basic functionality in there where you can like place blocks and stuff granted as soon as you look away from those blocks it just hallucinates into something else but um
It's something.
I don't know.
This is not the next generation of gaming that we were hoping for.
It's just some AI experiment.
That's about it.
Well, my gaming week.
Way too much Diablo for us, always.
But I actually got to the point where I beat the season, which is kind of fun.
Well, yeah, yeah.
And let's not talk about you in Dead by Daylight, but yes.
Hey, we haven't had a call of that in a while, so I had to do it.
But yeah, no, Diablo 4 has been fun and got up to Torment 3.
I've cleared.
All the quests and the seasonal progression.
And I'm just about to tier 90, which is good because I do have some other games I want to play.
And once I kind of finish out the Battle Pass, I'll be like, okay, I can put Diablo on hold until the next season starts in mid-January.
Plus, I think there's a patch for Final Fantasy XIV coming out very soon, which will probably get me back on that bullshit.
And of course, I do have things like Dragon Age and other games I want to catch up on.
So, you know, too many games, not enough time, as tends to be the case.
Thank you for watching!
Uh, otherwise, uh, I hope Tigerclaw's out there because I'm going to mention that I played Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Shredder's Revenge last night.
Uh, I was hanging out with one of my friends and we were like, hey, what can we play that's like, you know, on Game Pass or something that's not going to be like expensive to buy?
And I was like, oh, let's play the Ninja Turtles game.
That'll be fun.
So we played through quite a bit of that.
Uh, and that was a lot.
That was, yeah, that was fun.
I played as Leonardo.
Thank you.
Just like I always did in the arcade machine.
Uh, and honestly, it just, it just...
It just felt like we were playing the 90s arcade game.
It really did.
There's obviously collectibles and things that are different, but for the most part, you know the fucking Shredder's Revenge if you've ever played Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles at an arcade or a pizza parlor at some point in your life.
But it's fun, and if you have Game Pass, you should try it out, especially if you're in the situation I'm in where it's like, we need to play a multiplayer game.
Quick, let's do it.
So that's that.
Otherwise, I have been playing a little bit of Final Fantasy XIV, but that is about it for my gaming week.
Oh, I should mention this, though, at some point, since I brought up the Nintendo Music app earlier in the show.
This is kind of silly.
I had my first TikTok.
Oh, hold on.
I'm getting coffee delivered.
Thank you, Alan.
You're nice.
I appreciate that.
Thank you, Alan.
Where's mine?
Jamie wants to know where her coffee is.
He said the supermarket.
Anyway.
Okay, so the Nintendo Music app.
So I made a TikTok the day that Nintendo Music app came out because, you know, the Wii Shop music is in it, which is, you know, it's a banger.
It's a good suit.
And I pasted this TikTok where I'm just staring off into space and that song is playing in the background and it says, I'm so glad the Nintendo Music app is that now I have music to disassociate properly to or something along those lines.
That TikTok is up to 80,000 views.
It's the first thing I've ever had that went like in 20 fucking years that has gone like truly viral, which I think is really funny and random.
So it just goes to show you never know what's going to be the thing that catches a lot of eyes.
But that's it.
But don't get it twisted.
I am not suddenly monetized on TikTok or some sort of TikTok celebrity.
Nope.
and DarkSakura.
Anyway, let's see.
Over our Twitch chat, over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network, TigerClaw asked if I did the new DLC.
No, but I could see that they were in there with Mona Lisa.
Yeah, no, he didn't buy the DLC because the whole point was, let's play something we already have or is part of our subscription.
So he didn't pay for the DLC because we were at his house.
So that was the whole thing.
But it was fun.
We had fun playing the game.
Okay, that's it for my gaming week.
Let's move on and get into some gaming news.
And Loki with some news I think we all kind of expected, but it's disappointing all the same.
Get into it.
yep so uh Fire Rock Studios is shutting down this is what happens when Sony buys you I guess uh so they the team responsible for the game Concord which did not do well and they pulled it off the marketplace and we had hoped oh maybe they're retooling it for like a free to play nope nope
Not happening at all.
So, you know, they said certain aspects of Concord were exceptional but others did not land with enough players and as a result we took the game offline.
We spent a considerable amount of time these past few months exploring all of our options and after much thought we have determined the best path forward is to permanently sunset the game and close the studio.
I want to thank all of Firewalk for their craftsmanship, creative spirit, and dedication.
and that's not enough to keep your studio around I guess I mean I would really love to see like kind of a behind the scenes development of this like how this came about like is it feels like if this is like bad corporate decision all over it and then of course the devs get to pay for it it's the wrong people paying the price for the bad decisions once again in gaming are we surprised
So, I'm not going to say who, but somebody I know who worked in the gaming industry, I say worked because unfortunately this individual was laid off relatively recently, posted a very funny video on his Facebook, it wasn't like actually funny, it was like a parody thing that was like mimicking the boardroom at a gaming company that was talking about all these like, you know, let's, it's obviously all these shitty things that companies have done over the years.
Let's make the battle pass half as long, and then that way we can get twice as much money out of it.
It's all these things.
And then there's the one guy that's sitting there going, what about games just fucking being fun?
And they're all looking at him like he's wacky.
Even though, as funny because it's true as that whole thing was, I look at that guy and go, oh, by him, he's Baldur's Gate 3.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
It probably was made for some sort of live service element that they threw out the window and kind of thought, how can we salvage this sort of thing?
I didn't get that impression of them.
Interesting.
But well, what we can say is that Dragon Age doesn't have it in there.
Whether it was once planned to be in there or not, it's not there, which is a promising sort of viewpoint that maybe the person who is saying, do we have to nickel and dime every damn thing?
or can paying $70 for the game just be enough and we sell lots based on that fact.
So there's that whole thing.
But Bobby said it very succinctly on his show before us tonight and I would tend to agree that the bubble on the live service game has burst.
as tends to be the case with all of the trends that gaming companies chase.
MMOs, remember when so many companies were putting out MMOs because everybody thought they had the next Warcraft and some of them got a hell of a lot closer than others.
Some of them like, of course, I can't even remember their names now.
There was Warhammer game that did all right.
There was the, oh, I can't remember the name of that MMO.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It really searched during the pandemic.
VobiKurt and Phil of Nine is VO by Kurt, but I affectionately say VobiKurt.
And hello to you both.
VobiKurt says Guild Wars was okay and Phil of Nine says Guild Wars too.
The reason why I'm excluding Guild Wars from the MMO considering y'all aren't wrong.
but neither of those games had the monthly fee and I think that's the thing that kind of but I guess to be fair there were a lot of free to play MMOs that came out in that period too and they all flopped because the market was just flooded with them and none of them really were able to stand out in that same sort of way the only one that really was Final Fantasy 14 feels like the only one that was able to get an 11 I guess that's able to charge a monthly fee and EverQuest is still kicking to be fair so
And there's a couple others out there, but none nearly with that same success as World of Warcraft.
And then I feel like there's a lot of games, you know, and maybe to a lesser predatory feeling extent, there is a hell of a lot of Minecraft clones for a hot minute.
Wouldn't you agree, Loki?
Like, we're still seeing some of those.
I mean, that's still a thing.
Like, Minecraft clones are kind of a thing.
Whatever Nintendo's doing.
Yeah.
yes yes very much to that whatever Nintendo uh remember uh 3D.GameHeroes which was like literally Zelda that was yeah I was gonna say that's not so much Minecraft that's more just uh voxels are popular and then they made them a Zelda game is essentially it's it's legally distinct Zelda game um which I still think that game's great I wish that was ported to PC uh because I don't want to play it on the PlayStation 3 yeah
Anyway, but now my point is the live service game, everybody's trying to do one and there's only so much space.
Like just everybody thinks, oh, we can just copy paste the model, make cool characters and kids are going to eat them up because they're cool because they got big guns and they float around and it's pretty and the maps have
Lens Flares and 4K and 8K and lighting effects and blah blah blah and dumb kids are going to eat it up and give us all their money and Battle Pass and we're going to have really cool cosmetics that are just palette swaps of things it's like no, the bubble has burst on that my friends, it is very hard now to have a game that can have a sustainable Battle Pass Diablo 4 has one but I would bet very few people use the Battle Pass in Diablo, very few of course, Dead by Daylight is one that is successful but
Dead by Daylight's kind of, you know, again, is sort of an anomaly.
And we've seen how many 4v1 games kind of come and go or kind of are treading water.
Like, I know Texas Chainsaw Massacre is still a thing because Alan still really likes that game, but I feel like that game's treading water.
Like, it's not really a big thing.
I hardly see anyone playing it.
Yeah, yeah.
And then, of course, there was Killer Clowns, which got Elvira, which is cool, but I can't say I've seen many Twitch people doing that.
and you know but you know it's just I feel like it's just always kind of chasing what came before it and when it comes to live service games and a lot of money Concord was chasing it and the money just wasn't there the demand wasn't there for something like that it's just it's like yeah it once again with any of those things that are trying to
be like something else you have to make yourself distinct enough to like why are people going to want to choose you over what is essentially the you know thing that you're copying you know in some games like for example like there's Hytale which is I don't think ever going to come out but it's essentially Hypixel which was a Minecraft server they're trying to spin it off into their own game that is
like Minecraft but not but is um so it's just it's like not but is it is I mean it's pretty close uh yes but no but yes yes but no but yes but no but no uh but yeah you have to like what's gonna bring them to that game and then fortunately with Concord it was like it wasn't really anything it's like yeah we're doing what this game's doing and this one's doing and this one's doing but we have a storyline that's weekly it's like
Eh, Cap, I don't care about your characters.
I don't know who your characters are.
Why do I want to watch it?
That would be like, you know, imagine Marvel comes out with a brand new TV show featuring brand new heroes you have never heard of.
They're not in comics.
They're not in anything.
It's just a TV show.
We're going to sign it on for four seasons.
And you're like, I don't know if I want to watch that.
I don't really know who these are yet.
I mean...
I'm thinking like literally my entire timeline on Blue Sky is so gay for Agatha all along and I understand she's in the comics but I feel like it's a lot of it's not Agatha they are going crazy for Agatha and Aubrey Plaza but it's fucking Patti LuPone the fucking queen of theater and cinema in that show in particular and I don't know if she played a character that was from the comics or I don't know enough about Marvel but I just know that
That people are losing their fucking mind over that show.
And I understand, like, it's apparently, like, it's literally for the girls' gays and bays.
And even straight guys will appreciate it, you know?
Like, it's a pretty good show, from my understanding.
So... Yeah, basically, it's like you're...
it's like it sounds like a lot of those like Kickstarters you know the pitches for a game where they're like yeah we're gonna I mean Mighty No.
9 perfect example yeah we're gonna have this game come out but then we're also due to the comic book and an animated series and a movie and a this and we're gonna have plushies and it's like
Yeah, but like, is the game going to be good, though?
Like, because I don't want to watch it and consume any of this other stuff if the game's not going to be good.
And the game was all right, but it wasn't offering anything that the other services weren't.
And on top of that, they wanted, you know, a $40 mission fee to this, which is, you know, you got to really deliver then if you're asking for money up front.
Yeah.
Alright, let me get to some chat comments, because there's some good stuff here in chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
VobiKurt says, it's a bit different, but casual game battle pass and premium pass type things still rake in some decent money.
Good point, because a lot of like free games, especially like Pokemon type of things, you know, you see a lot of battle passes and those that do well.
Again, I think a lot of those games, especially when you say casual, they start as free, so it feels a little easier.
And you know, even something like Dead by Daylight, I would argue they practically give away for free.
several times a year so you know that I but I think that's part of the reason for that game's particular success is they money's in the DLC yeah they made it pretty easy to get on board I love this comment from the break man and I don't know how much you're gonna hear that sentence on the show just kidding friend but you got I I this comment is on point this is a this is a gold star comment from of all people the break man you ready
It's like OnlyFans... Oh, I'm not supposed to say that word on Twitch.
It's like OF, the website.
If you aren't famous already, you are more than likely wasting your time.
That is...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Let me use it in another sentence.
CharlieXCX makes music for Girls, Gays, and Thays.
But it doesn't mean that other people are excluded from the party.
It just means like, oh, this one really feels relatable to the Girls, Gays, and Thays.
DarkSakura, you know what I'm talking about, right?
Yeah, I know.
I totally know.
Is there a video game for the Girls, Gays, and Thays?
Oh, Dead by Daylight.
Okay.
Oh, yeah.
Right in front of my salad.
There it is.
All right.
Anyway, let's move on and talk about Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, making songs for girls, gays, and Beyonce.
Well, that's Dolly Parton.
All right.
Let's see.
Moving on.
Let's talk about... Oh, this beta came out this weekend.
I actually checked it out.
It's Monster Hunter Wilds.
I've kind of cooled down on the mobile phone game lately.
I still enjoy... I'm playing too much other shit on mobile phone, like between Ingress and Pokemon.
Yeah, I play a lot of mobile phone shit, right?
Oh, I didn't even talk about the Pokemon trading card game I downloaded and got into this week, which is not a literal translation of the actual trading card game.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
But because I do enjoy Monster Hunter now on mobile, I was like, you know what?
I want to try getting into a Monster Hunter game again.
And then I heard that Monster Hunter Wilds got an open beta on PlayStation 5 or like a test run or something, which I think was only running for a few days.
I don't think, yeah, it was only run through October 31st.
The open beta for other platforms like Steam started the other day and ends tomorrow.
So if you haven't checked this out, like on Steam or something, you don't have a lot of time left.
DirtyPillows DirtyPillows
I can see your dirty pillows.
Their breasts, mama.
Anyway, but these dirty pillows, or whatever you want to call them, are what you end up fighting in the game instead of the spiders, which is cool.
I don't have arachnophobia to that extent.
I don't like spiders a lot, but I don't have it to this extreme where I can't have them in a game, so it's hard for me to say how it makes me feel because I can't relate to...
Like completely shutting down because of it.
But I know that's a thing for some people.
So I think that's cool.
I'm always about more people being able to play the games.
So...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Anyway, very cool to see that type of accessibility feature and other stuff too.
There was color blindness features in there too.
I thought really smart.
Text, you can change the text size and it says, are you going to be playing this game?
Do you want text size for a monitor or do you want text size for a television?
And I thought that was really smart because they're basically saying, do you want it like you're sitting right in front of the screen playing it or like you're sitting in your living room playing it on the TV and you need the text bigger?
Smart, smart, smart.
So I like that developers are really thinking about all these things in their games.
I can't believe I'm a little hyped for a Monster Hunter game finally for the first time in my life, but I think I am a little bit.
I kind of want to check this out, depending on what else is going on at the time.
Alright, and SHO100Map talking about the Pokemon Trading Card Game saying, post your Pokemon Trading Card Game friend codes in the VOG Discord, folks, in the Let's Game Together section.
I will do that.
I will put my code there for y'all.
Just please, if you're going to add me, send me a message with your name because...
the unfortunate thing about the trading card game is that if you do a wonder trade or whatever they call it with somebody random online there's an option right there to add somebody as a friend and those like I'm not trying to be a jerk but I really just want my friends list to be people I actually at least know a little bit or at least I know like oh that's a no LR person or that's a you know blue sky person or you know whatever it is like just just tell me who you are and it's I'll add you it's no big deal so I'll put my code in there um after the show tonight
Okay, let's move on.
DarkSakura, I love this story.
Yeah, we knew it was inevitable, didn't we?
You know, we joke about running Linux on things.
The other joke is about Doom running on things.
And someone has put Doom...
On the Nintendo Sound Clock Alarmo.
Yeah, it is a playable version of Doom.
You load the level, you walk around, you use the right side button to fire at enemies.
But it was done by a programmer named Gary Otternich.
The German for night, I guess.
And it's really, since it's only like 2.39 megabytes, it's not really hard to make it run on a lot of things.
Actually, reading this got me on a deep dive of other things that Doom has run on.
and I have a list, a small list, if you want to know some of them.
Well, what are some of the highlights?
Because I imagine that list has got to be like hundreds of things long, but what are some of the highlights?
It runs within Outer Wilds.
It runs on an iPod Classic and an iPod Mini, an Amazon Fire TV stick, a Samsung dishwasher, a Porsche 911, a parking kiosk, on a digital camera, on a pregnancy test,
on a MacBook Pro Touch Bar, Treadmill, a Ticket Validator on a vape.
It's run on a vape.
The best one to me is the pregnancy test.
A thermostat on a Sony Ericsson K800i.
The pregnancy test is so wild to me.
I love it.
They've got it running on an Apple Watch on a chainsaw.
It's a chainsaw that's got like a digital settings thing on it on an S Classic.
Someone got it into Sonic Mania.
To play on one of the little bonus TVs.
Have they got Doom running inside Doom?
Oh, I'm pretty sure that's... I think that's already a thing.
They've got it running in Morrowind as well.
But my favorite is the pregnancy test because it's really just like very...
Tiny, black and white, you know, complete monochrome.
And it's absolutely hilarious.
And I like what Fifth Dream says, pregnancy test, you are doomed.
Okay, so it's just the display, so you can't actually play it on the pregnancy test.
Still.
Still.
But the Alarmo is actually running Doom for real.
And here's the thing.
It's not that it has to make practical sense, y'all.
It's just that it has to be something where you can say, I did it.
I got Doom on the pregnancy test.
I did it.
So what's our top three things that we would love to see Doom running on that isn't currently running on
For the record, Rob, I have found Doom running within Doom.
Of course, of course.
In the DOS version of Doom, so there you go.
Top three things that we want to see Doom running on that it isn't already running on yet?
That should have been the listless.
The PDF version of Trump's jail sentence.
Hmm.
I'm gonna say one that's a little bit more serious.
The Vegas Sphere.
Oh, The Sphere in Vegas.
Yeah, The Vegas Sphere.
Okay, that's a good one.
Apparently Doom has already been running on an ATM so we can cross that off of the list.
That's too fast.
Um...
I'm sure it's been on an arcade one.
Oh yeah, that's the thing.
I'm like, Doom probably already runs on most of these things.
I'm just not well aware of everything that Doom runs on.
Oh, Half-Life 3, funny.
Oh hey, that's a good way to get Half-Life 3.
I wonder if Doom could run on my PC cooler because it has a screen on it.
This is USB.
How about an Etch-A-Sketch?
An Etch-A-Sketch?
so people have got it running on there's a whole reddit discussion on someone's got it running on SimBoss so Amstrad CPC Sinclair, they've got them running I've got it, Doom running on my neighbor's Christmas lights oh that would be amazing that would be probably possible Commodore VIC-20 of course
um all right all right well can they get Doom running in this next game I'm sure somebody's already trying it but Loki this is a game we don't really talk about very often on OLR but I know you you know it's it's a game that is important it's been a while it's been a while I haven't so I haven't played Black Ops since Black Ops 2 tell us what's going on with Call of Duty I can't believe I just said those words aloud but what's going on with Call of Duty
Call of Duty is coming in clutch for slow news weeks.
No, but they just launched Call of Duty Black Ops 6 and apparently it's doing well.
Why is it doing well?
I know this is going to be such a shocker, but it's because it's on Game Pass.
Wow!
Look at that!
So it's reached, um, they've had the biggest Call of Duty 3D opening weekend ever.
So, uh, the most players, most hours played, and most total matches.
So they're number one across the board, I guess, for that stuff.
Which, I mean, yeah, that's what happens when you give the game away, not for free, but with, you know, a service that doesn't cost much each month, and so, like, I could play it if I wanted to, and
I don't, because... I don't know.
I should.
I used to like the campaigns.
Online, no.
No thanks.
Lesson played with my friends, but... Yeah.
I don't know.
It's good that it's doing well.
I mean, I guess that sort of kind of justifies the spending billions of dollars.
Seeing it's one of the biggest investments Microsoft's ever made, it's good to see it's doing well, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, so $69 billion.
I'm sure it's doing so well that you're not going to have to lay off more people at the end of the year, right?
Right?
Right?
The silence?
Not hearing it?
Yeah, Psy.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, speaking of Psy's, get ready to let out a big one because I, this doesn't compute.
It doesn't make sense.
I'm not surprised, but it doesn't make sense.
Oh, sorry.
To circle back to Doom running in Black Ops.
Oh.
No, but Wolfenstein, I think, was in Black, or no, was that Pitfall?
One of those.
Pitfall, I think.
I think Pitfall, being an old school Activision game, was.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
All right.
Well, back to what I was saying about this is annoying.
It's about the PlayStation 5 and talking about accessories like the plates.
So plates that you buy for the PlayStation 5 Slim, they don't work with the PlayStation 5 Pro.
And while you might go, well, I guess that makes sense because they're different sizes, right?
No, they're not different sizes.
They are the same size.
3D printing you back.
I wonder if that might be possible, actually.
They didn't share an image of the PlayStation 5 Pro itself because that is not out until later this week.
But, you know, they're already out there in the wild and this obviously made its way to Reddit.
So they have different interlocking teeth to make them not compatible even though they are the same.
It just seems unnecessary.
It just seems like...
Losing, like, intentionally not having value for the sake of not having value and making you buy more Although, I don't know how many people out there would have both a slim and a pro But I guess it's possible, it's possible Well, it's not even necessarily that, like, what if you heard, you know, it's like, oh, these are the same size, I'm just gonna buy one anyways Mm-hmm
and and you buy it or like hey you had a PlayStation Slim and you sold it yeah and you get a pro and you have these face plates that fit and it's like oh no haha you gotta buy more like well you don't have to but it's annoying right it didn't work but if you wanted to look the way you want to look like I would just
Just don't.
Just don't buy more.
Like, just take the L and just realize that this is what Sony's gonna do.
And don't buy the plates.
That's my plan.
LBSTL files out before too long anyway, so it's not gonna be a thing.
I'm sure there are.
It's just, it's spiteful just to do this.
Like, what's the point?
Oh, well, I'm sure they'll make some excuse like, well, it's just, you know, to make them stay on better or something like that.
No, it's...
That's something that should have come up a long time.
Maybe if you had designed with some semblance of backwards compatibility with the other consoles in mind, and I know it's weird to talk about backwards compatibility in the same generation, but I am.
But that just tells me I'm not buying faceplates for PlayStation.
Why should I?
So thank you for the PSA, Reddit.
I appreciate it.
well here's another let's put our tinfoil hats on now so here's another one so you know how they've been making faceplates and stuff for Sony is the only one to be able to make faceplates for their system they will not license it out and they will sue other people that will do that that said dbrand said fuck you guys we're going to do it anyways and they did so now these won't work with that system
DarkSakura, what's going on in Nintendo's world?
Well, there was a big switch error that was preventing people from making purchases in the eShop.
And it looks like it was really getting in the way of people being able to...
you use the holiday sales so Nintendo said that they've got it resolved all the servers are functioning normally and they've got it addressed this was actually starting though on the 31st when people were trying to make those purchases it was an error code 2813-5304
and it's the type of error that shows up if they have the incorrect zip code on their billing address so um but it's fixed
I don't know anything about going back to the sales.
But it was a week-long sale that offered on like 40 different games and DLC for Zombies Battle for Neighborville Complete Edition, like Star Wars Skywalker Saga Deluxe Edition, things like that.
And so people are fussing about having missed out on some of the time for the sale.
So we'll see how Nintendo addresses that part.
All right.
I didn't even look to buy anything.
I know.
I haven't really used the eShop in a while.
There hasn't been anything out like super recently anyway that I wanted to pick up directly from the eShop.
But bummer for people that want to take advantage of the sale because usually there's lots of scary games involved with that.
What?
To quote Kelly's dad, fiscal responsibility.
Well, I was going to say, the thing I've been most tempted to get on the Switch around Halloween was that Rocky Horror game that came out on the Switch and Steam.
I'm told it is still not out on PlayStation and Xbox.
It is planned.
The developer wrote an interesting series of bleats this week on Blue Sky that basically apologized for the delay, saying that he just has... I think it's all made by one guy, or at least the bulk of it is made by one individual.
And...
It just sounds like they weren't able to get things done on the timetable.
They wanted to get them done, but it's still coming.
And I'm like, Rocky Horror doesn't have to just be a Halloween thing.
Like, it'll be done when it's done.
But I want to pick it up on PlayStation 5, but I almost got it on Switch.
And that probably would have stopped me from doing that.
So it's a bummer.
All right.
Moving on.
Speaking of other things going on in the Switch, Loki.
Yep, so we've got word now, the surprise announcement, I guess, that Xenoblade Chronicles X Definitive Edition is coming to the Switch on March 20th, 2025.
That's going to have enhanced visuals and new story elements.
And yes, the first time it's been on the Switch, or the first time it's been out since the Wii U, and it hasn't been available for a long time.
Is it going to be on the next Switch console as well?
Who knows?
but getting kind of close to the release of that so maybe you never know I did like XTX so I'll be curious to check this out on the Switch I don't know if I have time for all these games but I like to think I might sometimes you just gotta pick your battles yeah right
PrincePeachFuzz in chat says, would there ever be an OLR Rocky Horror stream?
Not that, I mean, because we can't really play the movie on here.
I mean, if you're talking about the game, I'll probably stream the game on my personal channel when it comes out on PlayStation.
As far as like a full OLR production, I don't know.
Maybe if we want to get to, it's not multiplayer though.
That's the only thing that's kind of a bummer.
If it was, I would say, sure, we could try to get together and do it.
But I don't know.
so but I just want to play the game so I'm excited it'll be out on PlayStation 5 but I think achievements and trophies are the things that are holding it up they're not quite in the game yet because they're not in the Switch version of the game and they have to be there for PlayStation and Xbox it's part of their that's the thing it's like so silly that like why that hasn't been implemented on the Switch so far like I mean it's too late now but like but maybe not for the successor certainly that should be something for the successor it's like
everybody else has them but you I know I know it's like okay well trust me I've been making a whole thing out of retro achievements and it's like if only Nintendo embraced this stuff within Nintendo Switch Online it would be really cool but they're a decade behind so you know what was 10 years ago okay 2014 what's the peak 2014 online infrastructure goes out there
All right.
Coming out on November 8th, the second expansion, The Last Console War, is going to be available.
And my understanding is this is something you just get.
You get this, oh no, Atari VCS gets it as a free update early next year.
I don't think this is free DLC for everybody else.
This is going to be something, I can't tell if this is something that you have to pay for or not.
But I'm going to assume you do because we had to for the last one.
And it's pretty rich.
It's going to be adding 19 more games and 8 video interviews talking about Atari versus Intellivision.
And this is the interesting thing.
It's actually focusing on Mattel making games for Atari systems.
So no, it does not have Intellivision games in it by name, but it does have what Mattel started making for the M network.
So kind of interesting.
And so we get a big chunk of those games, which include...
Air Raiders, AntBear, Armor Ambush, Astro Blast, Frogs and Flies, International Soccer, Dark Cavern, Star Strike, Super Challenge Baseball and Football, Sword Fight, Sea Battle, Tower of Mystery, Video Pinball, Basketball, Hardball, oh these are some other uh sorry those were all the M Network games and then we have Video Pinball, Basketball, Hardball, Final Legacy, Zari Arena, and Desert Falcon for the 7800 are all coming out as well so that's kind of neat um
that that is all coming this week and that when all is said and done I think that means there will be 130 games in Atari 50 so good on them you know we've talked a lot about preservation and I realize like that's kind of Atari's whole MO right now is really just like trying to make the most of their legacy content which has had mixed results some of it's been very good some of it's not so good but Atari 50 and you know the things that Digital Eclipse has been doing ever since they kind of became a part of that whole family is
is good I think Atari 50 is great so this adding value to that whole thing I think is really cool and it's admittedly a part that I know nothing about like of course I know about Intellivision I had no idea Mattel was making games for Atari at some point in the process so I think that's really cool so I think everybody was at one point yeah so yeah it's true it's true all right well since I brought up retro games it's a great time to go into our next segment
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
A little bit of the logo coming in there.
DarkSakura, once a month here on the show in 2024, we talk about the classic cancelled game of the month.
So a game that never was.
DarkSakura, what did you pick for the classic cancelled game this week?
I really wish I had more footage of this to show everybody, but it's Sam and Max Freelance Police.
It was a graphic adventure game that was developed by LucasArts from 2002 until 2004.
It was supposed to be the final game in their whole adventure game era.
It was intended to be released for Windows in early 2004 as a sequel to the 1993 version Sam & Max Hit the Road.
And based, of course, on the comics.
In fact, this actually involved the series creator Steve Purcell during this.
It was showcased at E3 2023, announced August 2002.
And this was supposed to be a point-and-click game, but instead of using stuff like SCUMM and GrimE, it actually had a 3D engine, so it was a full 3D point-and-click.
And it was actually led by Michael Stemmel, who was one of the original designers for Sam & Max Hit the Road.
So...
it really disappointed a lot of people when it was cancelled and one really sad thing about this is that this was one of the preludes to LucasArts cancelling their adventure game division but a lot of the people who worked on this game actually went to form Telltale Games
and kept creating adventure games.
Steve Purcell moved Sam & Max to Telltale in 2005 to help revive the Sam & Max video games.
so anyway like I said this was a graphic point and click 3D graphics, real time rendered and the game engine had things from other LucasArts games like from Gladius or Full Throttle Hell on Wheels or Star Wars Obi-Wan fully shaded bump map, light map, everything but it was meant to give it a 2D feel to a 3D game
and it was supposed to follow a different control scheme from things like Grim Fandago and Escape from Monkey Island but it was a point and click.
It had minigames, some of them optional, some compulsory and it was designed so that you would not die or reach a dead end so you could always find your way out of something.
and it was described as being six stories held together by a single overarching plot and they were each a separate case for the freelance police including a space station and going to a neo-pagan bacchanal bad guy stuff all kinds of just weirdness because I mean hey it's a it's Sam and Max so
LucasArts actually had considered releasing the game episodic but because of all the stuff going into it they wanted to do it as one single traditional distribution and there were supposed to be some power-ups in the game and new interactive cases as DLC but it didn't happen so anyway
LucasArts didn't put really a whole lot of detail out there when they announced the game, but they still projected it to be an early 2004.
They presented the trailer, which is what we have for those who are watching live.
It had the original voice actors, Bill Farmer, Nick Jameson.
They were going to do their roles.
Everybody was really into this game coming out.
Everyone was on it.
At the time, LucasArts was also in production on a full throttle Avenger game sequel called Hell on Wheels.
and they halted production on that but they still said Freelance Police was going to happen on time.
There were interviews, there were all kinds of stuff going on and then they, as their general manager, Mike Nelson, I will read this verbatim,
After careful evaluation of current marketplace realities and underlying economic considerations, we've decided that this was not the time to launch a graphic adventure on the PC.
And people didn't like it, including Steve Purcell.
He was saying the game was coming along great.
It was on schedule.
He was pleased with the writing quality, the gameplay, the animation, the 3D world.
He was really happy with it.
And said that it was a shame to think their accomplishments as well as the goodwill that has been growing in the gaming press toward this project will all go to waste due to this short-sighted decision.
That's what he said.
and the voice actors were never told about the game's cancellation they found out when they looked it up online and very disappointed again so with the formation of Telltale that's when
The Freelance Police mini cases were turned into an episodic series of the games.
Not a lot of the work from Freelance Police was carried over since LucasArts still held onto the game's assets.
So they turned what they could and they got Sam & Max Save the World in October 2006.
um but part of the plot summary was used in Poker Night 2 talking about an off-screen adventure that they had during the course of the game and um it was uh one of it was the thing that they were going to do with the giant penguins in the land of Subarctica which was renamed Zizobia in Poker Night 2 where Max was worshipped as a god um and then um
One of the plots in the game is that Sam and Max are going to switch each other's brains and the voice actors are going to do impressions of each other's characters.
That would have been hilarious.
But at any rate, we've got some holdovers, but the game itself is lost to us.
Maybe one day someone will find a disc sitting in a LucasArts dumpster and we'll have it.
You never know.
Sometimes that's how those cancelled games show up eventually, right?
Yep.
Alright, there it is.
R.I.P.
Salmon Axe Freelance Police.
Your classic game of the week.
Classic cancelled game.
Classic cancelled game of the week.
Alright.
Bobby says it's in the Disney vault now.
Petition Disney, bring back Salmon Axe Freelance Police.
Alright, let's travel around and check out some other headlines rather rapidly in what we call Rapid Fire News.
Let's go over to Loki to start us off.
Yes, apparently Final Fantasy XIV is now partnering with Logos, an outdoor camping company.
to provide some camping gear with Final Fantasy 14 stuff on it.
To which I say, 14?
Why not 15?
That's all you did in 15 was camp around.
Come on, missed opportunity there.
But I guess, you know, 14 is better than nothing.
If you're interested, that stuff goes on pre-order here Friday, November 15th.
and you can get all sorts of things.
That tent looks very small.
But whatever.
I love the comment it's a missed opportunity for $15.
It is absolutely a missed opportunity for $15.
However, their products are expensive.
So just keep that in mind.
Their tents are from $100 to $3,000.
Yikes.
Yeah.
Anyways...
yeah and then uh one other thing I was also gonna uh bring up as well not only that but Final Fantasy 14 is also teamed up with and I cannot pronounce this brand of I'm gonna try anyways it's Schwarzkopf I guess uh it's a uh hair dye for um yeah I've used their their hair dye before yeah it's a hair dye company so they're also teaming up with them you can get all your
Final Fantasy XIV character hair colors now in for like cosplay and stuff like actually, yeah, I get it yeah it's interesting you go camping and cosplay, there you go camping and cosplay, a perfect combination
PlayStation 5 and PlayStation 4
so those are going to be your new games that are available from November 5th through December 2nd and part of the PlayStation Plus Essential Subscriber lineup because they have tears now like the tears coming out of my eyes for how disappointed I am in them that's it moving over to DarkSakura
There is going to be a musical for Castlevania.
Well, they've already done the Great Ace Attorney series, so there was that.
But this is going to be called a musical romance.
and it's going to be running from June 7th to July 20th 2025 at the Takarazuka Grand Theater and then August 16th to September 28th 2025 at Tokyo Takarazuka Theater with tickets to go on sale May 17th 2025 and then July 13th 2025 for the other showing it
It's going to be performed by the Flower Troupe that's led by C. Nakatsuki with script and direction being written by Kei Suzuki.
Also was the one who worked on the musicals for Ace Attorney and Sengoku Basara.
So, cool.
Alright, I'm very curious to see what turns out with that.
Anything to not put out a new game.
Meaning a new new game, not a rehashing of the old games.
This isn't Konami, it's just another troop licensing it.
I know, but it's still within the Konami universe and the use of their IP.
I'm just frustrated that we haven't had a new Castlevania game in I don't know how long.
Anyway, well, you know, speaking of rehashing all the old hits again, we just were talking about Toaplan last week.
And guess what?
I'm talking about it again tonight because we have another Toaplan game that's coming out.
It is a set of shoot-em-up games, of course, getting reissued by RetroBit.
It is the Toaplan Genesis and Mega Drive collection.
It's the Toaplan Shooters Collection Volume 2 collection.
and it is going to include Twin Cobra, Grindstormer and Slap Fight MD uh which of course were for the Genesis and Mega Drive so that's pretty cool and also the first time Slap Fight MD was released in North America the other two were um already done so you know that's that's that um
Apparently that is the original Japanese.
It's not some localization funny thing.
But yeah, it's apparently has a remake and remix mode in it.
And Yuzo Koshiro is actually a part of the score, which is kind of cool.
Nice.
Yeah.
So very cool.
You can check that out.
All right.
Well, if you want to see a game that's coming out real soon for you nearby, check out the world release dates of games in your region.
We'll start with the U.S., Loki.
We have Tinkertown on Nintendo Switch.
That game that I just said was going to be free.
Well, free.
Free.
With PlayStation Plus.
Death Note Killer Within on PC, PlayStation 4, and PlayStation 5.
Mel's Slug Tactics on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Mind Over Magnet on PC.
Planet Coaster 2 on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Splintered Fate on PC Broken Sword Shadows of the Templars Reforged on Nintendo Switch Chicken Police Into the Hive on PC and Mac Empire of the Ants on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series Goat Simulator Remastered on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series
Phantom Brave The Humida Triangle Remastered on PlayStation 5 River City Saga Three Kingdoms Next on PC, Nintendo Switch, and PlayStation 4 Mario & Luigi Brothership on Nintendo Switch Spiritmancer on PC, Nintendo Switch, and PlayStation 5 Taiko no Tatsujin Rhythm Festival on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series
which I think they have a really cool controller for that as well, by the way.
And then we have Versace Evermore Epic Light Chorus on Nintendo Switch.
And last but not least, I think this is a scary one, Slitterhead on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
Okay.
Traveling to Japan on the Nintendo Switch this week on November 7th.
The Alchemist of Ars Magna is coming out in a regular and special edition.
Of course, Mario & Luigi Brothership is pretty much a worldwide release as a lot of the big Nintendo games tend to be.
That is also out on November 7th.
Battle Spirits Crossover also out in Japan this week on the Switch.
River City Saga Three Kingdoms Next is out as well.
And yes, this looks like it's the Three Kingdoms game
Like Romance of the Three Kingdoms but mixed with the River City Ransom.
Romance of Kunio-kun.
That sounds really cool.
So check that out.
Goat Simulator 3 gets a Switch release in Japan this week.
So if you haven't had a chance to check that out, you have a chance now in Japan.
That is it for the Switch this week.
Checking out the PlayStation 5.
I imagine there's a lot of the same stuff.
Battle Spirits Crossover.
is out in Japan.
Taiko no Tatsujin, a brand new controller to go with.
Taiko no Tatsujin Rhythm Festival also out this week in Japan.
Some new PlayStation 5 controller types, including Chroma Pearl and Chroma Indigo are also out in Japan this week.
And I think that's to go with probably the new Pro release and all that good stuff that's coming out in Japan as well.
That same Slitterhead game that Loki was talking about also out in Japan.
But of course, because this is Japan, you can have a regular or you can have a limited edition.
Dead Rising also the deluxe remaster hitting Japan this week as well and that's it so let's move on to Europe DarkSakura
only a handful on the 4th we have Until Dawn for PC and PS5 also the Patrick Starr games, Switch PS the Playstations, the Xboxes on the 7th for PC and Mac we have Kind Words 2 on the 8th for PC, PS5 we have Silent Hill 2, the 3 release on the 8th as well we have Diablo 4 Vessel of Hatred DLC on everything it's out on
and on the 10th we have Dragon Ball Sparking Zero for PC, PS5, Xboxes and also Sky Ocean's Wings for Hire on the same.
Okay.
We have just a few more stories and then we'll be welcoming... Wait, I'm stupid.
I read October.
Oh.
Why did it show me October?
Hold on.
I was like, didn't this stuff come out?
Huh.
I'm sorry.
Let's actually get to the right games coming out, shall we?
Let's do.
Okay.
Starting over.
Rewind.
Do over.
Alright.
We have on the fourth...
Stardew Valley 1.6 console and mobile we have Crossed Wires for PC on the 4th on the 5th we have Metal Slug Tactics on all the things 6th Planet Coaster 2 PC, PS5, Xbox Series
The 6th of November, Brighter Shores for PC and Mac Mirthwood for PC We have Mario & Luigi Brothership for Switch on the 7th Also on the 7th, we have Metro Awakening VR on all the VR things
Goat Simulator Remastered PC, PS5, Xboxes, Unrailed 2, Back on Track Early Access for PC, 2 on the 8th, these two are, 2 Falls for PC, and Slitterhead for the big ones.
There you go.
Sorry.
I was like, that other shit came out.
Okay, we will go to some other few news stories and then we're going to take your calls over at vognetwork.com slash discord in just a little bit.
If anybody wants to call in, we also, of course, have our mailbag.
I don't know if we have anything, but we'll check.
and then we do have a couple things to read off our Blue Sky feed because now that's a thing which by the way I forgot to mention earlier in the show but our Blue Sky handle did get updated to be verified by our domain so Jason pulled a miracle as he usually does and helped us get the orangelaunchradio.com
It's just different.
It's better.
Yeah, it's better.
All right, anyway.
Well, it is missing a couple things, but at least you're not supporting you-know-who.
Okay, let's get to those news stories.
Loki.
Yeah, so there's some more news coming about the Playdate.
And yeah, it's pretty exciting.
So the Playdate launched, was it back in 2019, I believe.
And it was actually, may have been delayed a little bit, but I know that Season 1 was included with the Playdate.
So what it was is that you got like, I think it was like 24 games, 20 games played.
that were essentially unlocked once a week on the playdate as time went on and it was kind of included with the price of the system and it was really cool.
There was a lot of really good games from a lot of independent game developers and now they're kind of doing that all over again.
They announced that Season 2 is actually going to be coming early next year and we don't know necessarily what's going to be in that.
Is that going to be included for free?
Is it going to be something that we pay for?
I mean, it's still worth paying for because it's
I think it's really awesome the games that you got in it but there's also another feature that they haven't talked about yet that they're also going to be revealing as part of that and then along with that they're going to be doing a kind of a sale on the catalog which is basically the games that are out right now their storefront so there's gonna be a sale going on between I believe now and the 14th um
of this month.
So if you're definitely using the playdate or want to pick one up, I'd say now's a good time to do that.
A lot of good games on there.
I keep buying stuff for it and my kids keep playing it.
I haven't been playing it as much, but it does get gameplay at least once a week.
I still want to get one.
Got a cool train sim game that's all 3D and stuff.
It's pretty cool.
It's amazing the stuff that you can pull off on those systems.
Does the crank like power the train?
Because that's kind of fun.
It does.
It does like the it's for the speed control because you know the speed control on trains is kind of like a vertical crank and so yeah it's using that to brake.
I don't because once again it's a train sim game and I don't know how to play those at all.
So I'm very lost but you have to like speed up and then brake so you don't get too late and you want to slow down for the stations and stuff and
I'm sure somebody that plays Train Sims would actually understand how to play that game, but it's really cool looking for that little device.
Alright, well we have one more story for you guys, and it has to do with, oh, I'm sure Ubisoft is setting themselves up for success with this one.
And yes, they have actually released their first ever blockchain game, which involves NFTs.
Ubisoft had announced this game last June, after talking about, basically threatening that for some time they were going to get into the blockchain, but now they have launched this game quietly.
It is available on the PC, and it is free to start, so it's free to play, but of course you can purchase...
I don't know why something is being sold for that much, but there are some things where I prefer to be ignorant.
Um...
Just don't.
Or just do.
I don't care.
You're an idiot if you buy it.
I mean, I'm sorry.
You can also play this game without the figurines, but I'm sure it will be much better for you if you do buy the figurines.
Let's see.
Of course, there's nothing about this game that looks like it's unique or what have you.
The studio director at Ubisoft Paris in an interview with IGN said the game offers deep strategic gameplay.
Sure does.
Sure does.
it because it is cryptocurrency involved I had no idea that that would be we're going to have some crime some actual detective work and then full penetration and then more detective work and then more full penetration
None of that.
Just throwing it out there, there was an NFT platform launched by Ubisoft previously called Quartz.
Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon was the first game on it, and it only sold 15 NFTs, according to early reports.
But Ubisoft was saying the players just don't get it.
Just don't get it.
All we have to sell is one of those $64,000 things, and we've made big.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
All right.
But we're willing to talk to you all for free.
They have against the company about, you know, sexual conduct and harassment and stuff like that.
But, you know, that's another thing they could do.
Just this is yet another thing out of Ubisoft that's going to flop.
And I just, you know, unfortunately, the wrong people will be let go for it.
And it's like a game development studio had to make that, unfortunately.
Alright, let's go around and get some listener comments.
Every week we invite your comments over at participate at orangeloungeradio.com via the mailbag.
I'm not sure we got any, but I'll check.
Nope.
There's some spam in here, but I already fried it up and had it on the Subie.
Since these seem to be the two big games that social media was talking about, we did get a response from WayneN12 who said, Get it!
Well, you've got DarkSakura's opinion for sure.
I will jump in this week.
I'm trying to get my retro stuff all done in advance tonight.
DarkSakura.com
um but yes I I'm gonna check that out very soon I'm excited to get in on that so uh but you can send us uh stuff as well if you'd like to via blue sky uh you can also uh give us a shout out in chat if you have any questions or anything you want to talk about twitch.tv slash VOG network uh dark to see you talking about I'm busy finishing my replay of Chrono Trigger and the Castlevania Dominus stuff plus the rest of CV Chronicles yeah that's one of those rainy day games I'd love to get to I need to take two weeks of awful work like Loki so I can catch up on gaming
Except, I kind of, I mean, I have a lot of time off available.
It's like, I really can't justify taking two weeks off of work to stay at home and play video games.
A week to go on a cruise, four days to go to Nashville, yes.
Stay home and play video games, maybe one or two days, but not two weeks.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I think also they took time off when Zelda Tears of the Kingdom came out.
And again, I'm like, you know what?
That is absolutely a legitimate reason.
That's totally fair.
This individual works hard, and if this is how they get their brain break, totally fair.
I support it.
I really do.
Vacay time is your time.
That's right.
No one needs to know what you take it off for.
And that's also...
DarkSakura.com
Period dot.
Is that true in every state?
I'm legit questioning.
I believe it is.
I believe it's federal level.
Okay.
Going to chat.
The Breakman says, two weeks off to play video games?
We can do that?
Well, I mean, as part of the terms of employment, you get to negotiate compensation that usually includes time off, vacation, that sort of thing.
And as DarkSakura kind of referenced, when you want to take vacation, you don't have to tell them why.
Most people I've ever interacted with in my life, if you're like, I just need two days for like a mental wellness break, I've known very few people in my past that would say, no, you can't have it.
Like people support that kind of stuff and you want to avoid burnout type of thing.
And if a mental wellness break for you is I'm going to slay demons in Diablo for 72 hours straight, then more power to you.
It's nobody's business.
Not that I've ever done that.
I've taken two days off to do nothing but sleep.
Yeah.
I'm serious.
I have a condition.
Yeah, no, I get it.
I took a day off, I think, for one of the Final Fantasy XIV expansions, I want to say.
That was a while ago.
Not a new recent one.
I remember skipping school for a week to play Final Fantasy 3, 6.
I remember being sick from school to play Final Fantasy 3.
I do remember that.
That was some time ago.
I'm looking at chat for some other comments on this.
Let's see.
Uh, S2100Matt responding to the original bleat says the correct answer is both.
You can have the trading card game battle on auto.
That is true.
That is one thing I really like about it.
Even though I'm learning, I did win a battle by myself.
I love that you just have the computer do it.
You just have to build the decks and let them do it and hope it wins.
But you know, there's that.
The Breakman says I've taken a day off for a game, but weeks.
I mean, that's up to you.
Cause here's the thing.
Here's the thing.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Unless you're Loki, then yes, you play Minecraft.
I am taking two weeks off for that.
All fucking day.
It's productive stuff.
I have to design things and film things.
It's your hobby, right?
Everybody I work with knows that nerd conventions are my hobby.
I'm very fortunate that people are full-on supportive.
Yeah, you want to go to DragonCon and host these panels and stuff?
That's cool.
Go do it.
as long as the work is getting done that's the most important part as long as there's coverage it's awesome it's also the punishment for making me come into the office for three days which was an absolute cannot be understated waste of time I forgot that was a thing you had to do
Like, there was no point to any of it.
But it was so essential that I was there.
Absolutely essential.
I got to listen to all the people screw around while I had stuff that I actually had to do.
And meetings that I didn't need to be in because I'd been at that company for so long that it's just immersion stuff.
Like, here's what other people on your team do.
It's like, I know what you guys do.
I've been here that long.
I know what you...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Wow.
No, I mean, I think it just depends.
I don't like to talk a lot about my day job on air for obvious reasons, and I know I have coworkers that listen.
Hi, you know who you are.
But the thing with all that is that I went into the office because I had to be – I don't want to give away too much, but there was a thing that I needed to be there for an hour because it was the type of thing you can only do in person.
I'm just going to leave it at that.
So I had to go into the office, but I actually – I was like, because I could have a whole office to myself –
The cats weren't screaming at me all day to distract me.
I was kind of forcing myself out of my normal environment.
I actually felt like I had a super productive day.
But again, different than Loki's experience because not everybody was there.
It was just the group I was doing a certain thing with.
And I was like, this was nice to have a little break.
And I wanted to do it in part.
That's a big difference too.
I like going to work because the cafeteria.
Well, yeah, we don't have any of that anymore either because that's all been shut down.
So, like, on top of that, like, it was you know, it was funny because it was very quiet and very loud at the same time.
So, like, I got there, I'm working on my stuff because I'm not going into any of these meetings.
I'm essentially just coming in
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Then another co-worker of mine actually comes in a few days later.
Why can't they keep those personal phone calls to the bathroom like everybody else?
Or just like go take them somewhere else.
But it's like, I guess you're just used to the office being pretty empty.
So you just, whatever.
I had some other co-workers come in and just goof off for four hours.
Like if you think the idea is that you come into the office to be more productive, that ain't happening.
It was just them gossiping and flirting for four hours.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
There's a song.
I don't know the name of the song, but part of the chorus starts off and says, I've had better days.
That has been my motto for the last two months.
Sorry to hear it, but I hope at least today was a good one.
Thank you for sharing part of your day with us.
Better.
Oh, you have a weird noise gate because you went silent for five seconds and it all came in at once.
That's all right.
Oh, I apologize.
I'm in the brand new studio and evidently I've been reaped.
Yeah, I've been recalibrating the microphone to save my own arse.
So I apologize.
I got you.
Check the noise gate because that's the thing I think that's giving you a little problem, but you're fine now.
What's on your mind, my friend?
I want to power up with the whole life balance and work and cons and hobbies.
I have a story.
Okay?
Uh-oh.
So, you know how in most places, the main rule is if you want time off, you have to put in two weeks in advance.
Places, three.
Sure.
At my job, we have two systems.
We have the HR system, and we have a ticketing system.
When you put it through the ticketing system, it sends everybody into the department like a calendar event to let people know you're going to be out of the office that day.
That's convenient, that's convenient So I do that whenever I I'm like, oh, I'm going to be at a con And I do this Last year, a co-worker walks up to me like Oh, can you cover my shift on Friday?
I'm like, no What do you mean you're not going to be here?
I took Friday off Where are you going?
I'm going to a con Oh, I know where this is going Sorry, I know the punchline here And it's going to piss me off, but go ahead
Can we trade off?
Because Friday's my birthday.
I'm like, sorry, dude, can't help you.
I took the time.
I already put the time in, you know?
So all that said and done.
And this co-worker tends to just let people know at the very last minute they're taking time off.
So this happened in September.
and all of that.
So I figured, okay, my boss knows I'm looking for a place.
I found a place.
I'll speak to him on Monday.
I'll send him an email on Monday or talk to him on Tuesday.
I can tell him the reason.
I know this is last minute, but I need to leave work early this whole week so I can finish packing stuff up and put it in my new place or in storage.
Simple as that.
Tuesday morning, black notification.
Coworker says we need to talk.
I'm like, what's up?
Like, oh, I'm not coming in today.
What do you mean you're not coming in today?
Did you forget I'm getting married this weekend?
No, I didn't forget.
But why are you not coming in today?
Oh, I gotta take care of last night.
and I'm just staring at my screen and if you can picture a volcano on my head just exploding, you know, and I'm just like I'm glad I have anger management techniques from therapy.
You've learned to breathe.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Thank you.
like grow up and don't go like because I've I've had that in the past not at my current employer but in the past I not so direct but like me reading between the lines was very much like oh I can feel this judgment coming down and back the f up this is my life not yours type of thing you know you know do you know how much notice we have to give at my job a month one hour huh
I mean, it really depends on where you're at because coverage, etc, etc.
But still, that's why you have to take a little planning.
So your co-worker probably should have thought, oh, it's possible that if I'm getting married on Saturday, I'm going to need Thursday and Friday at the minimum to take care of things that are going to come up last minute for my fucking wedding.
It's a little wild that they didn't have enough foresight to ask for a little extra time off around the weekend.
I would have understood completely if he said it in advance because I could have altered means and so forth.
I was still able to do so.
And I think what really got under my skin was at the time, there's only two people in the department.
Yes, we have remote techs and this and that, but it's, I'll tell you this, when the office discovers there's only one tech,
Slack explodes.
There's a line of people at my desk.
I have to put a sign up that says, send an email for support.
You know, I'm like, I'm doing everything that I can.
And there's five people in the office.
If they say jump, I go how high to make sure everything is.
Well, I guess the lesson learned here is there's no issue with taking work off to play video games, but just plan a little bit.
For most employers, you're going to have to give a little bit of notice at least that you plan to do that so that coverage can be worked out and all that good stuff.
But playing games is mental health for a lot of people or attending conventions or whatever your nerddom is.
Nerddom.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I just felt happy going because it's like I'm going to see my New England cosplay convention squad.
I'm going to do photography.
I'm going to hang out with some peeps.
I'm going to make some friends.
I'm going to have a drink.
I actually reconnected with somebody I had a falling out with and we both matured over that.
I'm just like, what more can you ask for?
Yeah, yeah.
The last con I went to this past weekend, yeah, there were some things that happened.
I will tell you offline.
But overall, it still was a great time.
And a friend of mine did this panel on anime and the psychology behind it.
And it hit me personally.
And I spoke to him.
I'm like, this really hit close to home.
He's like, I'm sorry.
I'm like, oh, don't apologize.
I feel for it.
I understand.
So you've really connected with me.
So I really appreciate that.
And it's like, Monday, Thursday, day zero, let's go, let's do this, you know.
Or if it's a three-day con, Thursday.
Friday, let's go, we're going to do it, we're going to have a good time, you know.
I tell you, yes, there is that PCD, post-con depression that happens.
But you're just full of like this...
natural high just being there and just having a good time you're running around
3 Days, and Fancy Fabrics being a complete and total dork and everybody's giving you hugs and high fives and like, here, drink!
It's a type of expression that most of us have to suppress from 9 to 5 type of thing.
I think it's a lot of what it is.
You get to be your authentic self for a weekend and then you have to put on your work drag and go to work.
Unless you're in IT, because there's a lot of anime and nerd merch floating around.
And I did go to work on Halloween as Shaggy from Scooby-Doo, so you know.
They were doing dress-up, but I had the day off for a procedure.
I rarely have costumes anymore because I'm usually hosting on the weekend and more like eccentric host type of garb so that's usually all I end up having for Halloween so I guess I could go as Rod Roddy every year which is valid Rod Roddy's awesome, come on now Let's hear it though for having cosplay on hand because I easily converted my pig cosmetic into the actual Amanda from Saw outfit for the thing at Coin Op
I did one year I had gone to Rocky Horror as sexy pizza where I had one of those like cardboard pizza cutouts and then I was wearing like fishnets heels and like fishnet gloves and stuff because the joke was everything sexy on Halloween everybody dresses like a slut on Halloween so I went as sexy pizza and I actually I did reuse just the pizza part at work but with like you know a t-shirt and jeans and I was just like look I'm pizza but
Well, that's your sausage, right?
Ayo.
All right.
Ranma, anything else you want to share with us tonight before we let you go?
No, that's it, my friends.
What a note to end on.
Anime Jam Session, Tuesday nights on the VOG Network.
Check out all the latest podcasts over there at VOGNetwork.com.
Thanks, Ranma.
Anytime, my friend!
Love y'all!
Bye!
Bye, Hearts!
Always good to hear from our power alma here on the show.
Yes.
Alright, well, with that, we are gonna wrap it up here.
Thank you so- well, actually, wait, I should get last-minute stories from Loki, sorry.
I don't know if there are any, but it's worth checking out.
There are no last-minute stories.
Yes, we have no last minute stories.
They go an awful long way, so thank you so much for all of that support.
We all appreciate the follows and support on our personal channels as well.
I know Loki is a YouTuber at LokiOLR.
DarkSakura is a Twitch streamer here at DarkSakuraTTV.
I am a little bit of both, but I will give you my YouTube for now, which is Rob Roberts Plays.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought for the night.
Speaking of DarkSakura on Twitch, I believe you're going to be... What are you playing tonight?
Are you going to play Dragon Age or are you going to play Debbie?
No, I'm playing Dead by Daylight.
I specifically got asked, are you playing Dead by Daylight tonight?
I'm like, yes, because I'm going to play with my friend Smokey.
Oh, fun.
Okay.
And I'm going to make udon because I'm fucking hungry.
Yum.
Any last words for our listeners tonight?
Um, um, um, no.
Bye.
Bye.
Have a good stream.
Hearts.
Love you all.
Okay.
Mwah.
We'll go over to Loki.
Your final thought tonight.
My final thought is there should be a new episode of my Minecraft series out tomorrow.
Lots and lots of building.
I have two Redstone Carnival minigames that are functional.
I have a merry-go-round that someone made for me that I...
fixed and changed the redstone on a bit.
That's also 100% functional.
And then another roller coaster.
That's another functional ride.
Lots of stuff.
I love all these theme park things you're doing.
That's great.
Awesome.
Tomorrow.
Alright, cool.
My final thought is now that Halloween is over, you know what?
We can keep Mariah on ice.
It is too early to celebrate Christmas.
It is too early to celebrate Christmas.
Hold on.
I gotta get a small soapbox here.
Okay, listen.
We gotta talk about Christmas and pushing the Christmas holiday stuff up too early.
I literally was hearing Christmas music November 1st.
Can we at least push that to after things?
We had a person in our neighborhood put Christmas decorations up October 31st.
They had it out there with their Halloween stuff and their Trump stuff.
It's still crazy, though, that we have people putting up inflatable decorations on
in October for Christmas.
Like, just give it a rest.
We cannot be in holiday season for just a couple weeks and then go into it.
Like, it's just...
Just give it a break.
Christmas music, November 1st.
Come on.
Come on, you guys.
I know.
You know what, though?
It came to mind.
Something you said there reminded me of what I really want to say here at the end.
I know I've been kind of trying to put this on ice because I have a lot of anxiety about it, as I'm sure a lot of you do.
But vote, vote, vote, vote, vote.
If you are here in the U.S., Tuesday is the day to vote.
Please vote.
We need the voices to be heard.
I know everybody's sick of hearing about the presidential election.
We've told you our opinions on that here on the show.
We hope you'll take them to heart.
you never rest on that stuff you go vote anyway because you vote in local elections and have your voice heard and all that other stuff because when they make these ridiculous rules to ban drag reading at the library and to piggyback on something that I said earlier if you hate drag queens reading to children don't take your kid to the event
Wow, what a fucking concept.
But most of those stupid bans are done at the local level.
So those type of elections really matter as well.
So please vote.
I'm sure all of you listening will do, but even if I just get one more person to vote that was like, oh shit, that is coming up, right?
I guess maybe I should return my ballot.
Then I will consider this a success.
So please vote and do the thing.
Have your voice be heard.
And no matter what happens Tuesday, we'll get through it.
But I'm trying to be hopeful.
I'm trying to, as was said on Saturday night, keep calm-a-la and carry on-a-la.
Did you see the Saturday Night Live bit?
Yes, I did.
It was so fucking good.
All right.
That's it.
On that note, as was the Chapel Roan song about her pleasing women, that was an amazing thing as well.
But we'll need a whole other three hours to talk about that.
So until then, until next week, have a wonderful week, everybody.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
