Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week, Ravel with the girls of Night Trap. They're horror in suspense by revisiting Sega's most realistic, horrifying, and controversial titles of the FMB generation.
This is just one grip of tonight's show, and there's plenty more to come right now in the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, live tonight with episode number 684 for this April the 30th of 2017.
And a big thank you to being back this week. Sorry guys, we missed last week unexpectedly.
I hate canceling shows at the last minute the day of, but I got really sick.
In fact, you might still hear it in my sinuses a little bit. Black being sick is awful.
But my name is Rob Roberts, and I'm here joining you with my co-hosts here in Studio N7 in Sacramento, California.
Over the next few hours to talk about video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle, say hello first off to DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Hi!
Hi! Happy birthday, a little belated. Since we missed last week, we missed your birthday show.
I'm old. Where's my presents?
I feel bad for that. Your presents is being the gifted with our presents. No, Alan and I owe you a fancy schmancy dinner.
Don't worry about it. I'm just being a bad.
We want to. It'll be fine.
Okay, fine.
But how'd you celebrate No Show last week? Did you get to catch up on some games? Did you beat Andromeda yet?
Oh, I beat Andromeda before that.
Congrats.
I'm doing another playthrough right now. I'm trying 100%.
Of course.
Except I had to go back and catch up on the WoW content, because I went flying.
Oh, yeah. They had a patch at some point recently.
A big patch.
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, like, it's pretty big lore stuff if you've been a lore fiend.
Sure.
But I'll talk about that and how what was I playing.
Sounds good.
Um, but, uh, it, uh, I didn't really do much. I just stayed at home in my pajamas.
That's all right. I needed to rest too. It happens sometimes.
Well, my work schedule has split days off, so I don't really feel like I get any real rest.
And so I needed the break today. I slept until two. It was great.
Rockstar.
But for my birthday, I decided I wanted a fairy garden.
A fairy garden?
A fairy garden.
Like Navi the fairy in Zelda?
No, it's-
Hey, listen.
It's basically a thing where you just make like a little in a like kind of like a maybe a foot diameter pot.
And you make just like a little fairy house with a yard and trees made of succulents and stupid shit like that.
I've never heard. All right.
And next thing you know, you have growing frog fractions three in the bottom.
Well, hello, Techmaster Loki. How are you?
I'm fine.
She's, I know all I heard was that she's growing pot, but there was something else about that about fairies and stuff, but that's, that's all right.
How are you, Techmaster Loki?
I'm fine.
Did you have a good week off unexpectedly last week?
Yeah, I went and saw The Fate of the Furious.
Oh, how was that?
It was just a totally random movie to pick because I haven't watched, I've literally only watched the first two Fast and the Furious movies.
And so like I'm totally out of the Fast and the Furious universe as far as it's concerned.
It's actually pretty good. I was very surprised.
I thought like, geez, by like was it the eighth movie now?
It can't be that good.
It's pretty entertaining.
I mean, let's just, it's not an intelligent movie, but it was good for what it would expected it to be a good popcorn movie.
And I enjoyed it.
I was very surprised.
I rarely get to the movies anymore, but I mentioned a few weeks ago, I saw Power Rangers.
It was kind of random for me, but I mean, you know, considering a really good friend of mine was obsessed.
I wanted to see Ghost in the Shell, but apparently I waited too long for that.
So that's a lot of, they had like one showing at 10 o'clock at night that day.
I was like, it flopped pretty bad.
I know, but I still want to see it.
Oh, hi, Alan. How are you?
Everybody's being horrible tonight at waiting for their introductions.
Hi, Alan. How are you?
Hello.
Hi, you're going to join us here for a little bit at the beginning.
Yes.
There's a reason I'll get to that in a minute.
The Ghost in the Shell actually was like a big smash in Japan.
Oh, was it?
Oh, yeah.
Interesting.
Well, look, we can talk about movies, but it is a show about video games.
In fact, we have some new faces tonight and I'm sure that's thanks to our guest.
Yes, Zircon is going to be joining us in about 20 minutes or so.
It is a three hour show if you guys didn't know.
So he'll be joining us for a little bit to talk a little bit about Tangledeep.
And of course, we'll ask about some of his other projects.
And of course, you guys can ask your questions because we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific time.
Nine o'clock Eastern at the Voice of Geeks Network.
vognetwork.com right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
So hello.
I know we have some new faces in chat tonight.
This is your first time at OLR.
Hello.
Welcome.
Thanks for being here.
Believe it or not, this show has been on the air since the year 2002 when we started as three friends all playing, get this, Dance Dance Revolution.
And even though we got a little old and our body parts gave out, so we don't play as much DDR anymore, we still talk about video games because that was the thing you do.
You go play DDR, then you go meet at the diner across the street, have some mozzarella sticks because that's the healthy thing to eat after you play DDR, right?
And then talk smack.
But it's fine because back then we were burning enough calories where it didn't matter.
I was never skinnier in my life than those years during DDR.
Exactly.
So I'll always be thankful for that and the fact that it gave us this show.
So yeah, this show might almost be as long as Zircon's music career.
I've got to figure, I'm not sure what year he started with the Overclock Remix stuff.
I got to ask about that.
But I remember in the early days of OLR, you were a fan.
You brought a lot of the Overclock Remix stuff to OLR, Loki, so when you heard he was coming on tonight, you were excited. I'm excited.
Well, I had backed his last, I don't know if his last Kickstarter, but one of his Kickstars, I have a couple albums from his.
I've bought a few of his albums, I don't know. I've listened to a lot of it.
Well, let's go to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com where I see William Murderface saying,
Does anyone play DDR that much anymore? I mean, I feel like it's going through a little bit of a renaissance right now.
Like, there was a few years where it was like deader than a doornail.
But then I think because of round one, Dave & Buster's, some of these other, well, I don't think it ever died in Japan.
But over, maybe it dipped.
But like, you know, I think it's kind of like has a renaissance now.
Like I definitely see like more people are into it than it seemed were into it.
Oh, I don't know, maybe five years ago or so.
So anyway, I do want to shift gears here a little bit because Alan is joining us here at the top of the show.
And what I was going to say for the whole DDR thing. Yes.
Yeah. Well, for me, you know, the spirit is willing, but the flesh is spongy and bruised.
Wow. All right. Look, Alan is joining us here at the top of the show because you went on an interesting shopping adventure this week.
And I want to I want to talk a little bit about this because it is about it's a shopping story, but it's about video games.
Right, Alan? Yes. OK, what happened? What did you do? You woke up early Monday morning.
So the previous weekend and maybe the week leading up to it, a cheap ass gamer and a bunch of other sites like Polygon and Kotaku ran a story that said the Best Buy was getting.
Factually, they were getting some Nintendo classic consoles on Monday, which would have been the 22nd.
I have no concept of time, whatever Monday was.
So, of course, as we all know, the whole lifespan of this product has been sort of a shit show. Supply issues.
It's been hacked. There's no interface on it for them to update the firmware on it. There's no storefront on it, which was mistake number one.
And I guess the manufacturing costs have gone up. So Nintendo is just like washing their hands of it.
So it's become a collector's item because it's only been around for like, what, November? Four months.
So I was like, all right, I will go to Best Buy early in the morning to see if I can get one of these suckers.
So I get there. For those that don't know, Alan is my husband. So Alan was like, even though in the beginning I was like, I don't want one.
I don't need one. These are ridiculous. The minute now it's like, oh, well, if you don't get one now, you're never getting one.
Then I was like, maybe I should get one.
There's a dozen better ways to play NES ROMs than a Nintendo classic that don't involve the short ass cable and this, that, and the other.
So it was more about the game of getting one.
Now it's a thing. Now it's a thing. Yes.
It's like the parents on some Mad Max shit in the parking lot at Toys R Us trying to get a Tickle Me Elmo.
Their kid doesn't even like Elmo. They just want to be able to say that they're the parent that got one.
They're the mom of the year.
They're like, I got tooth marks on my elbow from where I clocked some bitch, but I got my Tickle Me Elmo.
Did you clock a bitch, Alan?
No, I did not. So I show up. I get up kind of, I wanted to get there at 8am. I was not about to camp overnight.
This isn't a console launch. So I get there at around 830. You were sick. So I was trying to surprise you with a...
That's true. I missed last week's show and I was still sick on Monday morning. I had to call out of work.
So I was like, this will make you feel better.
Yes.
So I got up early for me because I work evenings and nights. Get there around 830. I'm roughly the 30th person in line.
Like 30 or 31. And I see as I'm pulling up that there's obviously a line of people, 30 people.
And I was like, I guess I'll hang out and see how many they get because I thought they were going to get like three.
So I get there at 830. People are kind of, it's not that cold. People are talking in line at around...
Was everybody in line talking about reminiscing about Nintendo and their fondness for classic NES systems?
Some of them and some of them were sharing consoles like, oh, I blasted this for the PS3.
Okay. See, I thought that, okay, I got that because I thought the honest joke was going to be, I don't know, I'm here to buy one, sell it on eBay. What's a Nintendo?
Well, I'm getting to that.
Oh, sorry. Excuse me. I'll just have a seat over here.
No. So the people that were in the part of the line that I was in was social and everyone was buried into their phones. It was kind of cold, whatever.
So this one guy pulls up a customer is like, I just came from the Natomas one because the management, the Natomas Best Buy because the manager did the call, the vouchers earlier and they got seven.
So already I'm the 31st person in line and I'm hearing Natomas, this is like at 915, got seven. Best Buy opens at 10. So the guy drove from Natomas to here to see if we would get more because it's the Arden Best Buy is like the Best Buy in Sacramento.
Right.
I mean, Sacramento is kind of lame, but we're sort of a metropolitan area.
We're the capital of the biggest state. We have a basketball team. They're terrible, but we have a team.
So finally it's like quarter to 10. And finally the manager comes out with a little helper and a security guard. He's like, all right, I've got these vouchers here.
They are going to be first come first serve. I'm going to start here by the door, front of the line. We have 24.
24 Nest Classics. So being person number 31, I'm already shit out of luck. Okay, so that's really where the story should end.
But as soon as the manager handed out those 24 slips, the first five people in line who clearly had camped out, like they had lawn chairs and stuff, so they were in it to win it, immediately started to hustle their vouchers.
As soon as the manager was out of earshot and was trying to flip the voucher.
On the Best Buy premises.
On the Best Buy premises, right in front of the store. And I was like, what happened to the good old date?
Well, like if they just bought their shit and then tried to flip it on Craigslist or on eBay, that's their business because they bought the product.
But I had a problem with the fact that one, they were doing it right as soon as the manager had left.
And it's like, you still have to buy the thing. And they're trying to sell this paper. I couldn't tell if this guy was joking, but one guy was like, for the low, low price of $300.
And it's like, this thing costs 80 bucks.
Like go to 60.
60. So they were basically going up and down like, don't leave. I got here if you want to buy it.
So I'm like, all right. So the first five consoles are basically like a wash.
And again, in a weird way, it's like, do I respect the hustle of them?
Because I mean, Nintendo created this fucking problem and they're just trying to make a buck off of it.
I mean, Best Buy, of course, I'll get to this in a minute, does have some responsibility.
But it was just, it was lame. And I did see one dude finally.
So let me, I'm skipping ahead. So when people in line were like, nah, dude, like we missed, like, we're not, we're not buying the voucher from you.
They then started to approach people coming up for like five minutes to the store saying, hey, are you here for the next Nest Classic? Because who shows up at $9.59?
So they were going to respect the line for their hustle as they were moving down the line.
But as customers who had not waited in line were like, are you here for the Nest Classic? Yeah.
Well, here's this piece of paper and you already missed your chances.
So they were basically trying to do their sales pitch to people that had not waited in line and had no idea what was going on,
which is kind of weird to have to like run through this gauntlet of dudes just to get into the store.
I mean, to get there right when they opened, maybe they didn't want a Nest Classic, but these people said they did.
And they immediately got their sales pitch. So, lame.
Finally, you saw them sell one.
Yes, I did see one dude hand a bunch of 20s to a guy. I don't know if it was 80 bucks or 160. I don't know.
I just saw, I saw wallet open and a piece of paper exchange hands. So I'm like, okay, well, there's a sucker right there.
Let me move things forward here a little bit because we do have an interview coming up tonight.
But do we, did, did anybody complain to Best Buy about the fact that these guys are hustling on the premises?
So, I went, I went to the car, updated you, updated Twitter, was like, but by this point,
everyone from person number 25 onwards had pretty much left because it was the 24 people that got the vouchers.
And I was like, you know what? I wonder if these people trying to sell their shit, maybe they'll wash out.
Maybe they won't find anyone. Maybe they'll leave. Maybe their credit, maybe someone's credit card will get declined.
So I'm going to stick it out and just wait for the damn doors to open, which at this point was only like 15 more minutes, 10 more minutes.
I'm going to get in line and see what happens. So doors open, we all rush in and there's this mom who got there like five minutes to 10.
And I sort of, she was like, are you thinking about buying one of the papers? I'm like, I don't have cash on me.
And even if I did, I'm not, I'm not supporting their BS. So we are all in line.
I'm sort of waiting to hear if someone is going to flake out. And the manager comes up and says, these vouchers are good until one in the afternoon.
So if you leave the property, the owner of that piece of paper can buy the product through 1 p.m.
If 1 p.m. comes and goes and all of those 24 vouchers are not accounted for, then they will do first come first serve to the people there.
And I was like, well, so now those, because three or four of those five guys that were trying to do the hustle had left.
Why until one o'clock? What is, what is the pro consumer reason?
It's three hours. I don't know.
That you would let people wait until one o'clock.
Why would you wait there to get a voucher that you're really, this is the vouchers that go buy something and then come back?
Oh, I'm sorry. I'm not ready to buy this yet. Then why are you in fucking line?
I mean, okay. I understand maybe if you have to run and use the ATM or something like you got there.
Okay. We'll give you until 11 then.
Exactly. Give them an hour or say, you know, fine. Now that you're here.
They have an ATM in the goddamn store.
Everybody uses cards these days anyway, but fine. If somebody has a big need like that, then fine.
If you come back in 30 minutes, we'll hold this for you while you work out your banking issues.
You know, fine. But that just encourages people to turn around and resell it.
And that's the part of your story that really like irks me the most.
Why does Best Buy have that?
The mom that I sort of made friends with was like, okay, so you're the manager.
So I want to know what you're going to do about the people that are scalping the vouchers on your property.
And the guy was like, people were reselling them? Yes, you would have seen that if you stuck around.
Well, I mean, our protocol is for any release like this is we hand out the vouchers.
What people do with those vouchers is their business. If they're scalping them, that's unfortunate.
But that is not okay. And it's like, all right, if they had one or two security guards at the front door that were like, okay, whatever you're doing, you're not doing it here.
Go to Toys R Us. Go to Burger King. Go to the way you're putting it.
That says to me Best Buy supports the scalping culture, period. Yeah.
And part of this problem is being created is because of Best Buy.
It's like out of sight, out of mind. If you want to do your shady shit at the other end of the parking lot where it's not Best Buy property, then whatever.
But they just weren't there. They didn't care. So finally, we're like, so they left.
You're saying it that it was unfortunate, but you have no control over scalping.
What about the people that left? What's going to happen?
He's like, well, if you're here waiting to see if someone's going to wash out on their sale, those vouchers are good until 1 p.m.
So if you're here just to see if people can't get one, you have to come back at once.
So at that point, I was like, okay, so now I'm just wasting my time. So then I left for real.
So let me read some comments in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
William Murderface says, what, do they need to find a Bitcoin ATM or some shit?
S2100 Matt says, what a shit show. Sounds like they made this up as they went along.
Dungeon Buster says, I feel less guilty visiting one and then ordering what I want from Amazon.
Let's see. Dungeon Buster says, you can make a few Raspberry Pi versions for 300. Just saying.
Yeah, but you know, sometimes it's just about the game of getting one.
And being person 31 out of 24, I already knew that that game was over for me.
But it was watching the resulting shit show of how Best Buy didn't care about the scalpers and then also gave them a three hour window to do their hustle.
And that's part of the reason why I wanted Alan to tell this story.
Because we're hearing a lot of speak from Nintendo this week about the whole, oh, there's limited resources.
What's the line they've been given this week on why they've sold two million of them, but they're not doing any more because what?
We're only one company. We're only one company. We don't have unlimited resources. Resources are limited.
This is only supposed to be a holiday thing. Blah, blah. Jamie's making a motion with her hands.
Like, yeah, this is just like it's a lot of speak and it sucks to hear things like this.
And look, at the end of the day, oh, well, we didn't get one. It's not about that.
I don't care that we didn't get one and all that. If I really wanted one bad enough, I should have started fighting for one in the beginning.
I accept that. But what sucks about this whole thing, what I think really needs to be examined is why is Best Buy's policies basically allowing scalping to happen?
And why are these? I mean, I can also understand that, you know, retailers don't give a fuck or whatever.
They still get the money at the end of the day, blah, blah, blah.
But I still think, you know, especially as one of our chatters put it, in this day and age where it's so easy where you can just turn your back on the retailer then and go to Amazon.
Don't you want a retailer that's going to fight for the consumer a little bit, so to speak? Like, I don't know. Doesn't that little bit of faith go a long way?
They just had to have the security guard who was taller than me, and I'm 6'4", hang out front and be like, what are you guys doing? Don't do that here.
And just kind of make it a little harder to scalp. And just the fact, again, if they had bought their shit and then flipped it in the parking lot on Craigslist, on eBay, whatever, they bought the product.
If they want to resell it to some sucker for 400 bucks, fine. But the fact that it was for a piece of paper where you still have to buy the actual product after you paid them for their extortion BS.
Let me read a few more comments here. Brad from Pod Culture says,
Flipping one is one thing. The fuckers that show like 10 in a damn eBay auction pic are the real bastards.
Come on, Cupid Boy says, At the end of the day, Alan is still a great guy for trying to do something nice for his man. I agree.
If I had gotten up at like, if I was there by 7am or 730, but again, I shouldn't have to go to a place at 7am for a retro console.
Those five guys should have been an issue.
Bobby Blackwolf says, My Best Buy screwed me out of a pro controller because they wouldn't let me jump out of the pre-order line to get it and let someone who didn't pre-order behind me in line go to the register first.
So they have some issues with their launch process. They also did vouchers for Switch.
Picratos, hope I'm saying that right, in our chatroom says, Nintendo is trolling at this point.
Well, okay, quickly, because again, we've got Zircon coming.
Here's the quote. So the quote is, Even with the extraordinary level of performance, we understand that people are frustrated about not being able to find the system.
And for that, we really do apologize. But from our perspective, it's important to recognize where our future is and the key areas that we need to drive.
We've got a lot going on right now. We don't have unlimited resources. That is some, that is a fucking line of bullshit right there.
Let me quickly ask this, because there's been a lot of increased rabble rabble on the internet this week about the Super NES Mini.
You know, first, that was the fanfic. Oh, the logical follow up to the NES Mini is the Super NES Mini. That's what Nintendo is really going to do.
And I don't, like Eurogamer has a tip or something, and they've been, you know, they're just spot on with Nintendo stuff.
But essentially, there's a lot more rabble rabble, where there's smoke, there's fire, et cetera, about Super Nintendo Mini is a thing happening this holiday.
And there's a part of me that's like, fuck them, I don't care. You know what? Here's what I think about your fucking NES Mini.
I bought a fucking Raspberry Pi yesterday, so fuck you and your stupid Mini.
You know what? Virtual console on Switch would be fine too, but...
We told a friend to hold one for us, and we got one from our friend. At GameStop.
See, here's the thing though. Yes, but you have to, even that's a little, I don't want to say it's shady, but it's, you have to know somebody.
If you have a hookup, then that's, that applies to everything.
And we wanted it for ourselves, not to sell.
It shouldn't be like fucking alcohol in the 1920s. Like, you have to know the secret password to say at the front where they let you in the brothel in the back.
There's no one poisoning the machines.
Like, it shouldn't be like that. I just, I don't understand.
I mean, I'm sure we got at least one amiibo back when they were sort of fresh, ma'am, and relatively rare. They didn't have the third reprinting.
We got some of the more coveted amiibos through a hookup. I mean, that's just how that works if you know someone.
And please, don't give me this bullshit that, oh, I'm sorry, we're just, we don't have unlimited resources.
Then how is it that other companies that manufacture, probably in the same countries as you, do not have these supply problems?
Why is it that you're the only fucking company that consistently has supply problems?
It's not because you don't have unlimited resources. It's because you're fucking incompetent.
I was, I'm going to try to wrap up on this, and then I want to move on.
But I, one thing I would like to see Nintendo do, I'm going to try to keep this constructive and happy and da da da da da.
I would like to, in light of this story that we're hearing about how easy it is for scalpers to take advantage of what these retail channels are doing,
I would like Nintendo, if they are going to do a Super Nintendo Mini, which is going to be, now that I really want,
because the Super Nintendo is like my favorite system, as I think many of you probably feel the same way.
I want to know, what is Nintendo going to do to hold retailers accountable for this scalping market?
Look, I understand you can't prevent scalping 100%. Like, that's just, capitalism is-
People are always going to try and get one over.
Exactly. But what steps are you going to take to make it a lot fucking harder?
Because what Alan is talking about was too easy. That's, that's the long and the short of it.
Anyway, let's see, go into chat for a few more comments here over at live.vognetwork.com.
SC Mike says, all these limited resources do is just support pirating the ROMs and emulators, honestly.
Yeah, we still don't have Virtual Console, which I would have thought could have been like their-
They could have gone, oh, well, you know, we don't have any more NES Classic Minis.
But guess what? We're going to release on the Switch for $29.99.
We're going to have a NES Classic bundle that will turn your Switch into an NES Classic.
And we're going to release a controller that will work with the Switch wirelessly.
Would that have been the most difficult thing in the world to do?
But it's okay, you know, when they launch their online service, they'll have your free monthly rental of a game that, you know, Game ROM that you get for free or something like that.
And you'll love it.
Okay, we're going to shift gears here because we are very excited here at Orange Lawn Radio to welcome-
By the way, Alan, thank you very much for sitting in.
Bye, show.
I know you guys-
Went back to the office.
Got other stuff to do like work.
Thank you for trying. I really appreciate it.
Okay.
You're welcome.
As I was saying, we're very, very honored tonight to have a special guest joining us on the show.
Has had a very, very long musical career through organizations like Overclocked Remix.
And now is moving on into game development with developing and planning on releasing Tangle Deep a little later this year.
We're going to get Zircon on the line and he'll be joining us here.
And I believe we have him on the line.
Hey, Zircon, you there?
I am.
Hey, welcome to Orange Lawn Radio.
Hey, thank you for having me.
Hey, no problem.
Well, I should start.
First off, I have to say thank you very much.
You guys may not know this, but behind the scenes, Zircon was actually scheduled to be here last week.
And we had to reschedule because I got sick.
So I really want to thank you up front for your flexibility.
So-
Oh, no problem at all, man.
Good guy.
Good guy, Zircon.
How long have you been doing Video Gate?
We were talking about this at the opening of the show.
You may not know this, but OLR has been around since 2002.
We've been doing this show in different forms.
And I was like, Zircon may still have beat us.
How long have you been working in video games?
No, you beat me.
You definitely beat me there.
I started my first foray into remixing game music in 2003.
Now, of course, that was as a rank amateur.
So no professional stuff.
I think my first paid thing was 2004, and I got paid $15 for writing a song.
What was the game it was for?
Captain Genia on Shell Island, which you can actually find Let's Plays of that on YouTube with like 50 views, but nonetheless.
Hey, that's awesome.
If you guys have questions for Zircon, you can always check out our chat room over at live.vognetware.com.
We will be asking some of those questions that you guys ask in our chat room too as Zirconists are going through this.
So I want to congratulate you. Your Kickstarter, Tangledeep, smashed the goal that you had set.
How does it feel to now have the Kickstarter in your rearview mirror at this point?
Man, it's blowing my mind.
It feels amazing that so many people are excited for the game and are as passionate for it as I am.
It's just even more motivation to see people play the game and the backers being excited about it and sending me their ideas is just incredible.
And I should say, disclosure, I backed it, so just throwing that out there.
Thank you for that.
No worries, but I just don't want people going, oh ethics.
So anyway, for those that may not have heard of Tangledeep, why don't you give us the little elevator pitch. What is it?
Alright, I condensed this very short. Imagine if Squaresoft made a Final Fantasy themed dungeon crawler for the Super Nintendo and that is Tangledeep.
I like it.
That's the very short version. It's a PC and Mac game. I'm still working on it. It's in development now so it's not out.
But yeah, it's a dungeon crawler very much inspired by a lot of my favorite games from the Super Nintendo like Secret of Mana.
And art style wise, you definitely see shades of Chrono Trigger in there and games like that.
But it's mixed with that sort of roguelike turn-based gameplay.
So if you play stuff like Dungeons of Dreadmoor or Crypt of the Necrodancer minus the rhythmic part, you start to get a pretty good idea of what Tangledeep is like.
I'm actually really glad you brought up Crypt of the Necrodancer yourself because I wasn't sure if it would have been like, is this going to be offensive if I say when I watched the trailer I totally got a Crypt of the Necrodancer vibe off of it but like a different style of game?
No, that game is incredible and I actually had the opportunity. I worked on it a little bit on the music side of things. I mixed the metal version of the soundtrack.
So I had a little bit of a hand in it and so I'm a little biased but it really is an incredible game.
Now what I thought was interesting about your Kickstarter and what I see as a trend a little bit in 2017, at least I say that because we just had some guys here on our last episode two weeks ago.
They made a game called Little Tanks and they did a very similar Kickstarter where they had already kind of done their game and this was what you were doing is that you were doing this game no matter what.
Like you've already poured yourself into this game. You're going to make this game happen but you were going to Kickstarter to ask for money to basically put a layer of polish on it. Would that be the way to describe it?
Yeah, definitely.
So and not only did you make what you asked for but you made twice as much which is allowing you, you're going to have these guest contributors now like several guest musicians, right?
And some more fluid art, right? What do we have to look forward to for all this money that's been raised on Kickstarter?
So one of the main things that I wanted to do going in was, of course even though I write music myself, I was saying, gee, wouldn't it be awesome if I could actually get as guest composers people that I grew up listening to when I was playing games.
So one of the composers was Hiroki Kikuda who is Secret of Mana and Seiken Densetsu 3 are the notable ones from that Super Nintendo period.
So he's going to be on board. And then as the Kickstarter was going on and we hit the goal and I was like, oh, I need some stretch goals now because I didn't think it was going to exceed the goal and certainly not that quickly.
So Grant Kirkhope who composed many of the rare soundtracks like GoldenEye and Donkey Kong 64 and he's been active ever since.
But those two are going to be contributing as composers and there's some other people that I can't announce it yet but that are going to be coming on board.
But on the art side, the animations, like you said, put another layer of just fluidity like running animations for all the characters because it's a surprising amount of work when you're doing all this hand-drawn sprite stuff.
And the big difference between an 8-bit style game like NES and a 16-bit one, there's just way more colors, there's more sprite resolution.
So like the one area of the game, for example, might be 1600 by 900 pixels or something like that which doesn't sound like a lot.
That's like one screen, right? On an average size monitor. But then when you think every single one of those pixels is being drawn by hand, it's a huge amount of work.
So that's what that money is going to do. It's more polished for the game, like you said.
Awesome. Well, congratulations again. Obviously, there's a lot of enthusiasm for it.
And if people want to check out the game, you just released your last public build today, right? So people can actually check this out in progress, right?
Yeah, absolutely. So the game that all the backers are playing right now, it's the same one that anybody can play even if you didn't back it.
If you go to tangledeep.com, there are links on there. And actually, the Kickstarter updates have generally been public.
So you can also grab it from the Kickstarter page if you just search for Tangledeep.
But yeah, going forward from here, I feel like we've now hit a little over 50% what I consider to be complete on the game.
So a lot of the gameplay is there. A lot of the art is there. But at this point on, I feel like it's now starting to get to the point where
I want to think about getting it on Steam Early Access so that people that do want to keep following it, but maybe they missed the Kickstarter,
but they kind of wanted to wait and see. So that was the big thing with the Kickstarter in general.
The reason why I wanted to go on there when I already had a year of work was I think a lot of people, rightfully, feel like they've been burned on Kickstarter projects before.
I'm sure a lot of people have backed things that maybe didn't turn out the way they wanted.
I definitely don't want to name any specific names, but there have been even high-profile projects that have just not panned out the way people wanted.
So I figured I want to really show good faith, and not only here's the playable thing, but I'm going to keep updating it even after the Kickstarter ends
so people really get a sense of what this game is about and what it's like to play.
Even watching your pitch video, it seemed very clear to me that you knew a lot of what makes people nervous about Kickstarters,
and you kind of let your resume be out there and all that. I personally think you kind of hit all the right points where Kickstarter should be in 2017
as to why I should give you my money, and I think that speaks to probably why you did so well.
Oh, thank you. I definitely want to deliver on everything. I feel like the best way to show, you could have a million credits,
but if you just come up with either nothing at all, which has happened before on Kickstarter, stuff just doesn't come out,
or if you come up with something bad that hurts everybody's faith in the whole platform. So have something to show. I think that's just super important.
Let me take a big step back here and ask you a little bit about, you're very well known for the music that you've done,
and you haven't just done OC Remix, even though we've talked a lot about that.
Obviously that was a big part of your beginnings, but you went on to actually make music.
I know you've done some work with Video Games Live and some of the Kickstarters they've done.
I know Soulcalibur V, you've worked with that, and you've worked with some big games.
Why now, from making music to making the game, what made you decide, I want to go for something even bigger when it comes to the game?
I want to do the game.
Man, I've always wanted to do this. What it boils down to, I've always been sort of a tech-minded guy, I guess.
Like a lot of gamers, honestly. I got a Game Boy and I loved it, I got a Super Nintendo and I love that.
And for as long as I can remember, I was always interested in what it would be like to create my own game.
And I never had the tools or the know-how to do it. I didn't apply myself to that, I guess.
It was more fun for me to just write it down on paper, that kind of thing.
And I dabbled in some kind of simple script-based stuff, so back in the day we had IRC, if anybody remembers that.
Our chat room is actually still powered by IRC, basically.
Oh, excellent.
Some things haven't changed since 2002.
Yeah, OC Remix Discord only, I think that was 2016.
Yeah, everybody's telling us to change to Slack or Discord at this point, and I'm like, but I like the old one, it's not broken.
Yeah, that was our point of view, exactly. But ever since those days, I always wanted to create something.
And I have my parents, I think one of the things that sort of pushed me was that my parents recently, last year, sold the house that I grew up in.
They gave me a lot of my stuff that it kind of accumulated, that it held onto, and I just had hundreds and hundreds of papers of all these game ideas and everything.
And I just thought, you know what, I'm almost 30, I'm 29 right now, I want to just take these steps, I want to do this thing that I've always wanted to do.
And just looking back, I could physically see, age seven, I'm actually looking in the corner of my eye, I have a book, it's titled Thinking Up and Drawing Monsters by Andrea Versa.
So it's this little school project I did, I guess, but I've always wanted to do this, so I threw myself into it.
I'm hung up on something for a minute. You're only 29, and you started this a year after we started doing OLR.
You were 16 when you had your first paid gig for music.
Yeah, technically yes, and I remember my mom said I couldn't sign the contract, so she signed it for me. It was $15 per track for four tracks.
Oh my gosh.
Yeah, I'm getting that $60, I can buy three quarters of Chrono Trigger.
No, that's amazing though, that's awesome. I was doing public access TV around that same age, and it led to this, so I still don't get a dime for this, but that's alright.
I want to ask a little bit about how you got empowered a little bit more as a programmer, because I notice on your website you give tips for people that are interested in getting into music, and I love that.
One thing that I really love that has come up on this show a lot in the past year is that if you want to make a game, there's so many tools out there for people to go and do that.
Just a month ago we were talking about the indie arcade event here.
I tried to do it before you have a family, because they really put a damper on everything.
There's a running gag where Loki has an unfinished game here if you want to wear it.
Anyway, so you really put together a guide about, hey, if you want to get into doing music, here's some ideas, here's some software, and all that good stuff.
But what did you do, what helped you cross over into programming?
So what I'll say is that, first of all, I'll feel 100% more confident about answering anything like this once it's done.
Even though I have a playable thing, I know I've done some things, but I'll try to answer it anyway.
One of the big things, and this is maybe just my personality, but I read a lot about getting into game development.
And a lot of people were like, alright, well you've got to start out and you've got to make a simple game.
Make Pong, make Space Invaders, make Pac-Man or something like that.
And I kept reading it and I just thought to myself, man, I don't want to do that. I just want to make the game that I want to make.
I don't want to skip everything.
Sorry, go ahead.
No, it's just like the thought of having to kind of build up into it was just not appealing to me.
And it was the same thing with music. Once I started making music on the computer, it was like, I want to make a Phantasy Star IV remix.
I'm just going to do it. It was awful, but I just did it.
And so I had sort of a concept in mind when I started out.
And everything that I applied myself to in terms of learning, I'm using Unity, which is of course very popular.
It's probably like a third of games at least use Unity.
I kind of focused on learning Unity within the framework of the specific game I wanted to make.
Which is probably not the right way to do it necessarily.
But it's extremely satisfying. It's very motivating.
So I would say, okay, I know I want to have sprites, so how do I draw a sprite on the screen?
Okay, got that. How do I make something that the player can click on pop up on the screen?
Because it's a role-playing game, so you need to have menus and stuff. Okay, got that. Next.
So if I were kind of taking the approach of, I need to learn everything about programming and Unity from the start,
then I'd be learning all this stuff that I wouldn't necessarily apply to this project.
Because again, I'm not saying it's necessarily the right way to do it.
But taking that piece-by-piece approach and then just iterating over and over like, okay, here's the game, here's a sprite,
and now I can move it around. And now there's a monster, and now I can attack the monster, and now the monster moves around too.
So doing it step-by-step kept me motivated, and I would just go online, look at a tutorial or something for the next feature that I wanted to do.
And then also having people that I could talk to that had Unity experience.
And there are some great Discord chats for that.
And I have to thank also, there's a friend of mine, Jim Shepherd, who I wrote music for several of his games now.
And he's just a master programmer. He's got a long history of AAA experience.
And so to be able to talk to him too was a big help anytime I hit a wall.
Which of course I would, because I didn't do it in the right order.
Well, I've heard, and I'm sorry, I was kind of interrupting you a minute ago, but I was having a laugh,
because I've heard the whole, you have to make Pac-Man, you have to make Pong thing as well.
And I think that's probably how you have to do it for most people.
But I think at the end of the day, you have to do what works for you.
And I think even probably Loki would agree to this, which is why I'm laughing,
because he almost said the exact same thing on the show not that long ago,
is that I can't just do Pac-Man. I have to do what I want to do.
Because it's boring. And it's not that it's necessary to finish something,
but I was even trying to teach myself the rest of C-Sharp outside of Unity,
because I kind of taught myself a little bit of C-Sharp for Unity,
but I was like, I wonder how different it is outside of Unity.
It's so boring. I just don't want to do it.
Exactly. I mean, it's different, I think, if you were doing it in a structured environment,
like you're taking a class. I never took any classes in game development or anything like that.
When you're teaching yourself, there's so much out there.
I just feel like if you're going to devote your nights and weekends,
which is what I was doing for a long time with Tangledeep,
whatever just little bit of free time I had,
I want to show something for it. I don't want to just spend my weekend on this,
and then like, hey, I think I didn't want to make.
That's just the lowest amount of motivation you could have.
Well, I understand your hesitation to talk about all the programming stuff
when the game isn't out yet, but look, you've got something out there,
and I don't think you're going to jinx yourself at all.
I think people will be very happy with the finished product, so congratulations on what you've self-taught
and otherwise learned through other people networking with other people you've worked with before.
I want to ask you about this before I get to some of our chatter questions
because we are, again, taking questions in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Yeah, one of the backers is actually chiming in our chat room right now.
Strixel says, backer chiming in that Tangledeep as is is very good and fun.
So there's a little reaffirmation for you.
Oh, thank you. Thank you.
But what I wanted to point out, because I thought this was really cool,
is that with the soundtracks and with the music,
since that was the bread and butter before game programming,
you're going a two-soundtrack approach with this thing,
and you can actually check out on SoundCloud.
You've got modern, regular orchestral soundtracks,
but then you have Super Nintendo-style soundtracks.
It's the same soundtrack, but then you kind of redid it in a Super Nintendo music-making program, right?
Yeah, so I don't know if my wife is listening to this right now.
She might be. She's in the other room right now,
so she can probably hear my side of the conversation if she's not actually tuned in.
So that's her idea, basically.
I want to say that because my initial thought was I just wanted to do it Super Nintendo-style.
That was actually because I have such nostalgia for those games,
and that's a product of my age and what I grew up playing.
But she was kind of listening to what I wrote and saying,
she doesn't have the Super Nintendo nostalgia. They had a Genesis.
And so she was thinking, I don't have any connection to these sounds.
And a lot of other people don't. Anybody younger, they're not going to have the same connection.
She was like, you should take this, and you should make it into a modern soundtrack.
And at first I was like, oh, I don't know. It's going to be more work.
But then when I actually tried it and took the main dungeon theme and I started doing it,
and I started adding some live parts in too, I was like, wow, actually, this really is a good idea.
So I really have to thank her for that suggestion.
And yeah, I'm going to do it for the whole soundtrack with the order of starting with the Super Nintendo stuff
and doing it authentically like that, and it's all general MIDI.
No fancy samples or anything like that. And then taking it and blowing it up into the modern production.
So that's the workflow.
Well, Jill is listening. She's in chat, so we were able to give her a big blow there.
But that's a neat story because I would have assumed for some reason,
I mean, again, I would have assumed it went the other way around,
that the modern was first and then it kind of was deconstructed to Super Nintendo.
But that's really interesting that it actually is the other way. That's really cool.
So let me get to some of our, I know we're getting to our time here,
but I want to get to a few listener questions over at live.vognetwork.com.
Let me get to this question. I love this question from SSG100Matt who asks,
do you plan to come back and or perform at MAGFest?
I definitely am going to be at MAGFest. I've been going for, I don't know, like seven years now.
And I don't normally do any kind of live performance stuff. It's usually not my thing.
But Ocean's Andrew, OA, who is a remixer on OCR and Judge,
and he's Overclock University is part of that as well.
And also he happens to be the environmental and UI artist for Tanglebeef.
So it's like a lot of connections to him.
He has roped me into some sort of DJ set at MAGFest.
So I don't know exactly what I'm going to be doing for that,
but I will have a DJ set ready and I'll be doing something.
I will be sure to check it out. You know, I actually, thanks to some of our listeners here at OLR,
I got tuned on to go into MAGFest. I went for my second year this last January.
I had a blast. Like it's just a great call. I flew from California to go.
Like I know we're getting our own version, but it's not going to be the same.
Like I shouldn't say that. I really shouldn't say it, but it's not going to be the same as the DC one.
You know, that's an amazing convention. I'm really...
Yeah, I can't recommend it enough. It's so cool.
Yeah, and hopefully the West Coast one does get a lot of the same vibe.
I definitely will go and check it out for sure, but there's something about the Prime site.
Anyway, I want to go to another chat comment from Strixel here at live.vognetwork.com who says,
What drew you to roguelikes?
Oh, that's a great question.
So, Roguelikes, that's been a genre favorite of mine for a long time,
because ever since Castle of the Winds on PC,
and I was just thinking about that because Jim Shepherd, Dungeon Man,
who I just mentioned, that was an inspiration for him as well,
like the Castle of the Winds, and that's been around for a long, long time.
And I've always liked that genre because I guess I'm the kind of person
that will tend to memorize and kind of play a little more the optimal way if I can.
So in other words, if I play the same level a million times,
go for the fastest route, go for the best build, I kind of just gravitate towards that.
And roguelikes really make it much harder to do that because everything is procedurally generated,
it's adding that extra layer of challenge, and it's always engaging
because you can't just rely on memory every time,
because so much of it is randomly generated.
So that is the big thing that drew me into it ever since the days of Castle of the Winds,
which I think you can play for free now, actually, and it's still a good game.
It definitely doesn't look too good, but it's still a great game.
Yeah, I remember the original actual Rogue.
I think it was a cartridge, maybe a disc on my Commodore 64.
We had the actual game Rogue. I think Epyx published it for a time there.
And if you guys out there, if you've never played the original old-school Rogue,
it's still worth a look.
You might kind of be turned off by the fact that it's just like ASCII art,
there's no real graphics, but you see where that comes from,
where all these other games have been birthed because of this classic.
It's really something.
Anyway, Zircon, I really want to thank you for taking the time out to be on our show this week.
I want to wish you the best of luck with Tangledeep and its release,
which is targeted for December this year, right?
Yeah, and I do not intend on missing that.
I'm working very hard to make sure that we hit that.
Everything is kind of scoped and planned around it,
and I went out of my way to make sure that with Kickstarter,
I was so tempted to say things like,
I'm going to do a world map, and I'm going to do ten new features,
but I've got to stick to the scope that I have in mind
so that it does not go over time, and we get it out this year.
Well, yeah, you even had your little project plan out there
for everybody to look at on the Kickstarter.
I did. We'll see how badly I missed it.
Oh, stop, stop. I'm sure we'll be fine.
If people want to follow the progress, I know Twitter is a good spot.
The game is at Tangledeepgame, is the Twitter that they can follow.
Your personal Twitter, should I give that out, too, for following?
Yeah, absolutely, yeah, at zirconst.
Awesome. Any other websites or things we need to plug while you're here?
If you go to tangledeep.com, I forget if I don't have the link,
I'll have it up there tonight, but we actually have a Discord chat,
which is cool. It's a general chat about the game.
I post builds and stuff.
Sometimes I stream game development on Twitch,
and there's also a place where you can report bugs or talk about balance.
It's pretty active, actually, and Strix is in there.
Yeah, it's cool. If that link is not on the site, it will be soon.
All right, awesome.
Again, Zircon, I want to thank you for being on the show,
and I'll be looking forward to Tangledeep this December,
and I'll be looking forward to MAGFest 2018 as well.
All right, sounds good, and thank you for having me.
Hey, no problem. You take care.
All right, bye-bye.
All right, that is Zircon from the game Tangledeep,
but also the long career of music making
that goes all the way back to OC Remix
and moving on to commercial releases like Soulcalibur V.
I mean, the man's just done a lot when it comes to video game music,
and now getting on the other end of the rest of the game development.
I know he has some help, too.
I didn't give him a chance to...
Well, he shouted out one of his art guys,
two other people he's working with, to make that game happen,
and wishing them much, much success,
and you guys will have to keep an eye on that
and check out that game when it releases.
All right, well, speaking of checking out games,
we like to... Again, this is a three-hour show, y'all.
We still got some news to get into for the week.
I want to get into, of course, though, a little bit about
how are the games that you've been playing this week,
as a little bit of a frame of the reference here at the top of the show.
Dark Soccer, how was your gaming week?
It was moderately eventful.
I've been playing...
I beat, during the last two weeks, I beat Mass Effect Andromeda,
and I am on my second play-through, aiming for 100% play-through on that one.
I went back to World of Warcraft since the new patch for Legion came out,
and I've been a little disappointed with how few world quests there have been,
because I'm really trying to get the Revered for my faction so that I can fly.
And so I'll finish the quest in an hour, and I'm like, okay, where's more?
But there's one thing I can't do, because it's a solo fight
that's clearly something that should have been done for five people, so whatever.
Other than that, Miitomo, Pokemon Go,
although I haven't been able to do a lot of walking with it since...
I'm supposed to be wearing a boot.
Das Boot.
A walking boot. It's called Das Boot.
I told Dan the other day that I could probably smite my enemies with that boot.
Fantas in our chat wants to know, is Mass Effect Andromeda worth 100%ing?
Yeah, I think it is, because I missed quite a few things on my first play-through
that I kind of wish I had gone back and gotten.
There's actually even a few quests that I think you can't go back and do
if you've missed them the first time around.
I had the thing forum on my journal, but I couldn't find the points to do it.
It just wasn't showing up on the map.
And maybe they'll patch that again.
The last patch actually did quite a bit, at least for the aesthetics of the game.
There's some people who still walk kind of funny,
but for the most part, it's been pretty good.
I've hit a weird wall with Mass Effect Andromeda.
I didn't beat it, and I don't want to say I'm uninspired,
but I've just been allowing myself to get distracted with other games,
and I'm like, I'll come back to Andromeda.
It sounds like they have a few more things I kind of want to work on,
so I'm not really in a rush to beat it.
My only thing is I want to avoid spoilers,
but I know you're good enough you're not going to spoil it.
Shane knows I'll kick his ass if he spoils it.
Otherwise, I'm kind of like, I'll take my time,
and I'll get around to beating it eventually when it's kind of all patched up.
But I feel like I might have painted myself into a corner a little bit
because I'm not getting any of the loyalty missions,
and I'm understanding I'm kind of close to the end of the game.
Make sure that you select the journals for the characters,
and it'll give you what you're waiting on or what to do next.
That really, really helped me because there's a lot of them
that require a certain event to happen before the next string of the loyalty mission.
And I did all the loyalty missions before doing the Archon ship mission.
And it'll actually say Archon ship mission, so it's not a spoiler.
But I did them all before that because I thought that was the big thing,
and it wasn't the big thing.
But you can get them done pretty quickly.
Okay. Okay. I think I've actually done the Archon ship
and still don't have them unlocked, so that's the thing that's concerning me.
Were Salarians involved?
Yes. Yes, they were. Yes, they were. Okay.
So then you still have time to do them.
Interesting. Okay. I'll go back at some point,
but I'll talk about my gaming week in a minute here.
I've just been distracted with other stuff, and it's like,
Mass Effect Andromeda will be there tomorrow.
I don't have to rush to beat it in a week.
I've got bedding. Oh, sorry.
Am I putting you to sleep with my Mass Effect?
No, I'm on allergy meds because of all the pollen and shit that's kicked in.
But I will say this, that it's a lot easier now to make a decent-looking character.
I know why they did all the presets.
I mean, I'm pretty sure it's because it affects the way that, you know,
Daddy Rider looks, but still.
Okay. Yeah.
Well, if that's it for your gaming week, let me go to Loki.
How was your gaming week?
Well, I played a few different things.
I played a little bit more Skyrim. Not that much.
I finished the quest line I was on, so that's done.
And then I played a little bit more of Thimbleweed Park, which is fun.
It's like that old LucasArts adventure game style type of game,
because it's done by the people that did that.
And I'm enjoying it, so that's pretty fun.
And then I got sucked into another idol clicker game.
Oh, Jesus.
This one, I don't know, it's somewhat entertaining.
It's pretty relaxing.
It's Office Space Idol Profits or something like that.
Obviously, it's a license from the movie, and the whole thing is-
Oh, it's legit. Oh.
Yeah, the whole thing is based off of just planting your virus
in all the different floors in the building and you extracting pennies.
You know I finally broke up with clicker heroes on PS4.
Like, I'm done. And you know what did it?
I spent 80 hero souls on accident by hitting the wrong damn button on the screen.
And I was like, fuck this, I'm out.
That's finally what shut it down for me.
Yeah, I never really got into it.
You can't undo stuff like that. That pissed me off.
Yeah, I tried it a little bit and I was just like, eh, I'm not really into this.
But, yeah, so I've been playing that a little bit.
And then, of course, Pokmon Go, just the daily stuff.
I hit 26 the other day.
Congrats.
Just playing, you know, five minutes here, five minutes there.
I mean, I don't know. Not that gung ho into it.
But I'm not playing Ingress, so, you know, it's something.
And what else? Oh, I did pick up Everything,
which is some weird, like, artsy game that has really bad animation for their animals.
And I thought that was funny. And only because of that.
And I actually did try to play, there was another game called Epic Battle Simulator
that does not run on my computer at all.
I tried to play it and it's just like, my computer's like, what the fuck are you trying to do with me here?
I can't run this shit. I'm too old.
So, I was going to play that, though, because that's funny.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase, meet.
Alright, is that it for gaming week?
That's it.
Well, then I will talk about my gaming week here briefly.
So, yeah, like I said, I haven't been playing as much Mass Effect Andromeda.
Still been playing, of course, Final Fantasy XIV.
Here's the other game I randomly, and I mean randomly, just got back into,
and that is playing Diablo III, but specifically on PlayStation 4.
Do you guys remember, like, two and a half years ago, I think it was, I said,
I'm going to platinum this damn game.
And then, of course, because Rob can't ever, like, I have the worst gamer ADD in the world,
I can't ever stick with one game, I never got around to platinuming it.
Well, okay, I haven't platinumed it yet, but I'm really, I have two trophies left to go.
So, I actually, I got my hardcore character to 70, and I picked up some other trophies that I needed.
The last ones I have to get are, get all six classes to level 70, which sounds hard,
but once you get the experience gem from running greater rifts, and level it to 25,
it's actually, like, my Crusader, I leveled to level 51 in, like, a night, so it's, like, super easy.
Like, and when I say a night, I mean, like, an hour and a half.
So, that part's going to be easy. The 500 bounties is the part that's going to kill me,
because I'm only up to, like, 240 right now, maybe, so that's, like, not even half.
So, I just have to do bounties, bounties, and more bounties.
But it looks like it's in reach, and so I actually will finally platinum this damn game, knock on wood,
if I don't get distracted by something shiny in the next couple weeks.
I will finally platinum this damn game about three years after I said I would.
So, there you go.
One of the games I checked out this week, I checked out Puyo Puyo Tetris,
which is now on the Nintendo Switch, and that's where I checked this game out.
I know it's been out on PS4 and some other places for a while,
and I was a little slower to get around to it, plus I wanted to, you know, I liked the whole,
it's on the TV, no, now I can play it in bed, or wherever my Switch is.
So, yeah, I mean, the story is, like, it's kind of nonexistent, it's just, it's anime trash.
And I don't, I'm not calling all anime trash, I'm saying this specifically is anime trash.
But that's fine, like, sometimes you live for a bad movie,
and I think some people are getting their memes and stuff off of this game,
and that's fine, there's a lot of silly stuff.
But when it comes down to it, there's a very competent just, like, base Tetris mode that you can play,
or a base Puyo Puyo mode that you can play,
and it's like you get both those games in one package and it's cool.
And yes, they did some interesting little things where they actually have a mode
that involves Tetris blocks and Puyo Puyo at the same time,
and it's like the blocks push through the Puyos,
so you can kind of, like, you can cause a delay trick where the Puyos will come back.
So it's like you're playing both games at the same time.
It's complicated, but it's kind of fun.
So I like that it's different, but that you can also just play Tetris or Puyo Puyo if you want.
When I got it for PlayStation 4, Dan and I would, I would pick the Puyo side, he would pick the Tetris side.
Yeah, and you can do that, and you can still send each other lines and trash.
It was really fun. I mean, he was, we were pretty on equal footing because I'm really,
I mean, I used to be really good at Puyo Puyo, I'm out of practice, but it's a fun game.
You know, I just was really surprised that they took so long to bring it out in the US.
It's been out, like, three years already, to my recollection.
Well, they don't do Puyo games very often here.
We got quite a few of them.
I know they did Kirby's Avalanche and all that stuff back in the day, but I mean, Puyo Puyo games as Puyo Puyo.
We had Puyo Pop, which was Puyo Puyo, and we had, um, there were a couple of other Puyo Puyo games that came out over here.
It just feels like we don't get as many as they do over there, but anyway.
We even got the little Puyolin, the little handheld LCD toy.
They're probably, they're probably, it's probably more prevalent now than it was 10 years ago.
But anyway, I had a similar thing. I was playing actually online against a friend of mine who can kind of murder people at Tetris.
I was not ready for him getting, like, seven Tetrises in a row. I shit you not, like, he can do that.
And I was like, oh god.
But when I was playing Puyo, and he was playing Tetris, he can't, he doesn't, he's still learning Puyo, so he can't set up the chains in Puyo.
Whereas I know enough to actually set up very basic two and three chains in Puyo.
So we had a match that went on a little while.
Still, he killed me because I, you just can't compete with somebody that can get Tetris after Tetris after Tetris.
But it was still fun. And the online mode actually worked, so there's that.
I've also been playing Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, which just came out on the Switch a couple days ago.
Since it just came out a couple days ago, excuse me, I'm still getting over the cold.
Since it just came out a couple days ago, I haven't had the chance to spend a lot of time with it.
But I will just say this, it does look gorgeous on the Switch's, like, built-in screen.
Like, that little HD screen with the Switch is just, like, it's so bright and vibrant and pops.
Like, it's really cool.
And I'm really looking forward to meeting up with some other people who have it,
so we can all kind of play Mario Kart in the wireless mode.
So, that'll be fun.
I'm hoping to also play a little bit after tonight's show, which, to follow up this comment in chat,
come on, CupidBoy in chat says,
Rob Roberts, why don't you Twitch much?
For one, I kind of have to, like, when I do a Twitch, I don't want to just play the game.
I want to be lively and talk about it and talk with people.
And sometimes you kind of have to, you know, that takes a little bit of extrovertedness,
and sometimes I just want to not have that for a night, so I don't always want to stream.
But also, this is the other big reason, I really wanted to do some more streaming this past week,
but then I got sick.
So, I've been sick for, like, the past, like, I'm not even kidding, week and a half.
Like, it's just now finally leaving, so that's been a big stopper for that, too.
But I will be doing Mario Kart 8 tonight after the show at twitch.tv slash Rob Roberts,
so you can follow me over there.
I will be doing that tonight as an OLR post-show, so there's that.
I guess that's really everything I wanted to talk about this week.
I feel like there was one more game I wanted to mention,
but I guess if I think of it later, I'll mention it later.
But those have been the games I've been taking up most of my time.
So, some quick housekeeping.
There will be no show on June 25th, I think is the date.
I'm trying to remember what Sunday is near there.
I'm actually going to be out of town.
I realize I'm well aware that falls right around the anniversary of Orange Lounge Radio.
We will be celebrating 15 years of Orange Lounge Radio on June 18th will be the big show.
And the reward for 15 years of Orange Lounge Radio?
A week off without being sick.
A week off for vacation purposes.
That will be the big reward.
I'm going to be going to Chicago to visit some friends and taking Alan out there,
so I'll be having a good time.
And hopefully Dark Soccer and Loki will have some fun around here.
But that's still a couple months off.
That's our next planned show off June 18th.
Excuse me, June 25th, because June 18th will be such a big show.
15 years of OLR, if you can believe it.
I need to get a pretty dress.
A key senior address?
Why not? I'll go to the thrift store and get something out of the 80s.
Should we? Do I want to commit ourselves to this?
Alright, fuck it. I'm just going to put it out there. We'll do it live.
Do we want to bring back a video camera for June 18th and do the show on Twitch as a special little here we are?
Maybe.
Oh, that's some progress out of Dark Soccer.
I'll stay off camera.
Alright.
You can look at my dress.
You need to go full on nunnery.
No, because I'm not a novice yet.
Okay, I guess you can. Alright.
Yeah, I can only manifest when I am with my big sister.
I see. Alright. Well, maybe.
And for those who don't know, I am a postulant as a sister of Perpetual Indulgence.
So, look it up.
Clap, clap, clap.
Okay, well, aside from that, you could do full on BioQueen drag, though, if you wanted, right?
That's not against the rules.
You know what? I will channel Valentina.
You can beat your face for the gods.
For the record. You saw the last episode, right?
Yes.
I loved her lack of outfit. Just saying.
It was brilliant.
That was inspired.
You will have to come on reading is fundamental to talk about that, but we got to get back to video games.
Valentina.
Alright, let's talk about video games. We got to get into gaming news this week. Loki, start us off.
Well, Nintendo announced, because they don't have unlimited resources, that they're going to put out yet another system that no one asked for.
So, Nintendo announced that they're going to be releasing a 2DS XL system for $149.99.
It's going to be available on July 28th.
Unlike the original 2DS, it's in a clamshell form factor, so it's like an actual DS.
Just not 3D.
But it's got all the new 3DS hardware inside.
The 2DS thing doesn't actually really bug me because a lot of games are kind of forgoing that these days anyway.
Like, you know, Pokemon Sun and Moon is probably the biggest 3DS game still right now.
And only one small portion of that game uses 3D at all.
It's the whole, I don't even remember what they call the mode, but it's the Pokemon Snap ripoff that they put into Sun and Moon.
You can actually use 3D there, and that's really the only thing that uses it.
But it's a new 3DS, but in 2D.
But it's that whole, the word new.
So it will play all those new exclusives like Super Nintendo games and Xenoblade.
And there might be one other I'm not thinking of.
So I have to admit, there's a part of me that's just kind of like, eh?
Again, my good old 3DS Triforce edition, I love my gold 3DS, 3DS XL from several years ago is working fine, and I see no need to replace it.
And there is nothing here that is screaming to me.
I mean, I like the fact that they ripped off the colors of the dress.
You remember the infamous dress that's black and blue, or is it gold and white?
I can't tell what color.
Well, this one is black and turquoise specifically.
There is a gold and white one as well.
So the two SKUs are the two colors of that infamous dress.
I don't know if you got that.
I did not.
But I'm like, wow.
Is that only in Japan that they're doing that?
Because they said there's only one color option here, and that's just the black and turquoise.
Oh, then maybe it is Japan that's doing it.
Well, Japan's getting a frickin' metal slime one as well that looks awesome.
I don't know if you saw that.
That one looks awesome.
I'm not sure what this is for?
Because, again, if it's a budget thing, I get that, but there's a $99 2DS still on the market.
$79, actually.
Okay, it doesn't fold up and go in your pocket, okay.
But still, I'm like, if you're going for a budget option, usually those sorts of things, you know, you're not going to pay what now?
It's $50 less, so if you're basically...
I don't understand the point of that because it's like you basically said, okay, listen, we're not putting out 3D in our games,
but here's a system that doesn't do the 3D for $50 less.
They're almost like competing against themselves.
Why does none of this make any sense?
I know they're still kind of pushing this too, especially after watching the last Nintendo Direct.
They still, you know, they have these Kirby things.
They have the Pikmin thing, Cold Sept, which I can't hang on. I love that series.
You know, they are still trying...
But there's also a part of me that's like, just go full tilt boogie on Switch right now.
Don't get me wrong.
Pikmin's a fun game, but how many games in the Pikmin series have we had and how many F-Zero games have we had recently?
I mean, or Metroid games?
I love my 3DS. I'm just not convinced this is...
You know, again, I was not convinced ever to upgrade to the new 3DS.
This, taking the 3D out and making it a little cheaper is still not convincing me to get rid of the 3DS I have.
Like, I don't have a 3DS or a new 3DS. I mean, this looks cool. I'm not buying one.
Yeah, I was gonna say, if you don't have a 3DS at all whatsoever in any form,
there is a huge library of games you're missing out on that you, you know, it's time to just get one and...
I don't think so, Ian. Here's why.
Because they have a portable system as well called the Nintendo Switch,
and I'm very hesitant with Nintendo's track record to trust anything is gonna last forever.
So, that's why I'm not jumping on board with this brand new system that they're coming out with,
because who the fuck knows when this whole shit was gonna get discontinued?
I mean, I'm not, at this point, like I haven't jumped into the 3DS, I'm probably not going to.
I mean, that's it. If there was something that I was gonna, you know, it would be worth it,
and then I would have done it a long time ago.
But, you know what, there's people out there I see on Twitter and stuff that are all excited about this system
and loving the colors, they're gonna pick it up, so you know, more power to you, good, you know,
I hope you have fun with it, hope it's worth it for you.
What if some people pick up everything Nintendo puts out?
Yeah, I'm just kind of like, but if you already have a 3DS, especially if you have a new 3DS already,
it's like, what is this, you're gonna get this for the colors, and I don't know, I don't get it as much,
but it's your money, you buy what you want, you go on with yourself, it's fine, but I will be passing.
Unless, you know what, maybe Nintendo at E3 is gonna come out and say, listen up fuckers,
the 2DS, that's exactly how Reggie's gonna phrase it, listen up fuckers, 2DS ain't dead,
because guess what, we got a new 2D Metroid game coming out on the 2DS this year.
I'm gonna be like, really pissed on one hand, but at the same hand I'm gonna be like,
ah, you sons of bitches, here's my money, take it, take it, here's more money, take it,
take it, what, a special Samus 3DS, fine, take that too, here's my money, enjoy it.
Right.
That's all it's gonna take.
Well, you know what, I stand corrected that there was a Metroid game that got released,
how could I forget that there was a Metroid game, oh maybe because it doesn't fucking look like Metroid at all.
We don't count.
Stupid Federation Force, I mean.
We don't count that, that didn't happen.
That's a pretty good imagination.
Garbage, absolute garbage, I don't trust them one bit.
Alright, hey.
Hey, we got a new F-Zero game, it's called F-Zero, fuck you, we're not giving you a good game.
It's slow ass cars, they're snails now, Super Snails, it's F-Zero, it's fucking snails racing.
Like it or not, and I'm in the not camp, I do believe Mario Kart is Nintendo's all-in racer at this point.
Especially with all the other Nintendo properties they're bringing in, I feel like a new F-Zero game just ain't happening.
I would love to be proven wrong more than anything in the world, but I'm done getting my hopes up.
Alright, well here's a game that I think would make me very excited for a 2DS or a 3DS if it happened over there,
although I'd rather see it on Switch, but it's something you could actually play on PC right now, at least until they take it down.
This is a user on itch.io named Winter Drake, who has done a game called Breath of the Ness.
That's right, it's the Zelda game, Breath of the Wild, but as a 2D adventure. Does that sound familiar?
Yeah, that's right, because game developers conference this year, Nintendo had a panel and the developers behind Zelda
were talking about how they originally developed Breath of the Wild in a 2D format with some of the features,
like dynamic weather, destructible objects, some of the things that actually ended up in the game when it hit its 3D form.
So of course, somebody stepped up to the challenge and said, I wonder what this would look like as a real game.
So they made this game. There's a trailer that you're able to look at where you can actually topple trees on enemies,
lure them into dangerous spikes and so on. It has a lot of the elements from Breath of the Wild but in the more 2D format.
So you can check that out again on itch.io, but tomorrow is Monday, that's probably when the lawyers are back in
and the cease and desist will be headed over to this person. The demo is free, you don't have to pay for it.
Nintendo is probably going to end up shutting it down though, so get it while you can.
But you know what they say, once it's on the internet, it's forever on the internet.
So yeah, that might be worth a look, because I'm sure if you're interested in this, you've already bought Breath of the Wild,
the regular version. If you haven't, you're missing the hell out, because it's one of the...
I need to play that some more.
It's a fantastic... I need to finish it, really.
They picked up some new Wii U games this week from my kid.
Oh yeah?
I picked up Super Mario 3D World and Pokken Tournament, because he's bitching that he doesn't have enough games to play.
Oh, and guess what? The wonders of doing a live show, this is coming through in the chat room right now.
This looks like this just broke a few hours ago.
Let's see, here it is. There was a tweet that says, from Winter Drake,
I'm no longer legally able to distribute Breath of the NES, but any donations you made will be spent working on the game.
The game isn't dead, I just won't be using the Zelda characters, it will live on.
That's right, it was ordered, taken down by Nintendo.
I'm so shocked.
Shock and awe, but there it is. The tweets are up there.
Oh, the Cease and Desist letter is even posted there for your perusal.
If you want to release something like this to the internet, release it as a goddamn torrent on a torrent site,
because what the fuck are they going to do there?
Well, it's an interesting thing, because there's a part of me that says,
he should have just from the beginning used the non-Zelda sprites that he's going to obviously change this into now.
He's just going to change all the sprites so that it's a completely different looking type of game, but it's still the same idea.
But at the same time, if he had done that in the very beginning, he wouldn't have gotten all this press.
So, I don't know, there's no easy answer here, there just isn't.
Alright, let's move on with some other gaming news.
Dark Sakura, what do you have for us?
I think it is aptly titled in the article as ludicrous.
You remember Shaq-Fu?
Who doesn't?
Remember that Indiegogo about Shaq-Fu, a legendary born?
I don't, but everything's got a Kickstarter.
It was there, it barely made its goal.
Well, it has been announced, of course, in 2015 for PS4, Xbox One, PC, and Wii U.
And now it's going to be coming to Switch.
Although there's commentary that it might have been cancelled for Wii U just to come on the Switch instead.
It's being developed by Saber Interactive.
And they said, not just are they getting Shaq-Fu, but they're getting another Motocross title.
And another cooperative shooter, so who knows.
But why can't they just let Shaq-Fu not exist?
Well, Jamie, what if it is actually pretty good?
Sorry, I couldn't even make it through without laughing. I couldn't do it.
Well...
But it might, Jamie, it might.
Or it might not.
If someone else owns it, I'll play it.
Dartitsuyen Chat says, I could see that happening. I think that would be neat to play on Switch.
Well, this new game is supposed to be a beat-em-up as opposed to a one-on-one fighter.
Well, that will fix everything.
I'll reserve judgment for a trailer.
I suppose that's the appropriate steps to take.
We shouldn't judge the game until we see, you know, at least a trailer, if not the game itself.
But it's Shaq-Fu. It's hard not to have some reservations about the game.
You know what I'm saying?
No reservations.
All right. Loki, what's up next?
So apparently there's some more information.
Nintendo Life had spoken with some indie devs about kind of what their relationship is with Nintendo right now.
Kind of in the past they've had different issues, you know, be that curation or just even assistance in getting their products onto their marketplaces.
Well, apparently now, coming from some of the independent developers, they're saying that that relationship hasn't really gotten any better and maybe even a little bit worse.
Saying that one developer who's been described as like a top-rated eShop, had top-rated eShop releases, basically says that, you know, where in the past he had been pretty chummy with Nintendo.
They had like, you know, dinner meetings and stuff like that.
Now it was like they, the way they're treating them is basically this is just a transaction.
There's no helping them getting their product onto the store anymore.
It was more of just like, okay, you submit us your game and we'll see, maybe we'll get it on the store for you or something.
Just kind of some complaints that it's not really more personal.
Also, you know, the fact that they're not really enforcing some of their policies.
So, you know, there's some people that have been like actually shut out of the service.
So basically they're very inconsistent about their policies.
You know, there's games that they look at that, you know, 20% complete.
And they're saying that, you know, they're being allowed to, you know, have permission to release on the store when they're done.
When they have no idea what the game is going to even look like.
Or, I don't know, it just, it seems like it's a lot harder to publish onto that platform now.
This is weird for me to hear, though, because there's also other chatter where it sounds like Nintendo has been easier than ever.
But it sounds like maybe if you're one of the companies in the circle or whatever, Nintendo's easier to work with than ever.
But if you're outside of it, it might be a little harder. That's the impression I'm getting.
Well, yeah, like, you know, they were saying that, you know, for example, you know...
Would you get all of this in the rumors and category?
It could, it's obviously people that have had problems with it and I don't think anyone's really seen it.
Oh yeah, it's been fantastic.
It's like reading a Yelp review.
Exactly. Well, like they're saying, you know, getting a Wii U dev kit took about a week worth of work, which is basically nothing.
While it was impossible to get our hands on a Switch, we had to go to a publisher for it.
And the only other complaint about, was it, under communication professionalism is there, and no doubt about it.
But hardware access was way more painful than it needed to be, especially compared to the Xbox One.
Outside of that, everything else makes sense and it's in line with industry standards.
So, I mean, is it really, like, were the Switch allocations that bad that they couldn't get dev kits out to people?
That's kind of stupid if you ask me.
It's like, well, shit, can't get the hardware to develop a game for our system.
Because, let's be honest, it's really those indie games are fucking floating your shit right now, so...
I mean, come on. That's kind of pathetic.
Well, if it's true, but, I mean, I think there's probably also, because of the success of the Switch, and let's not, you know, hold back, the Switch has been extraordinarily successful.
We got the numbers from Nintendo this week. They're selling very, very well.
You know, there's probably a ton of indie developers that all of a sudden want to get on this thing.
And maybe it's because of some of the good words that have been out there.
I think there's probably a lot of indie developers that are working on Wii U titles and all of a sudden it's like, oh, Wii U is pretty much gone.
Yeah, right.
Well, shit, I better report this over this way.
Until they announce it E3, Wii U U.
Because why not? They just released a 2DS XL. Why not do a Wii U U?
It's like a Wii U, but without the gamepad.
Would that be a Wii W?
I was just going to say a Wii W. God damn it, Jamie, beat me to the joke.
Well, we are pensters.
Yeah, what can you do? Alright, so...
Or it could be just a Wii U, like, Wii U.
Wii U 2.
Wii U.
I like Wii W.
Alright, anyway, let's get to another. We've had a lot of Nintendo stories.
I want to talk about this game, which is headed, I think, for the PlayStation 4.
And for the PC is where this game is headed.
Yeah, PC and PlayStation 4 in May is a spiritual successor to Burnout.
And I was wondering... What?
I said yes.
I know, because I've kind of been wondering what's happened to the Burnout series.
We haven't had one of these games in a while.
In Tyrian, they were working on a game. It was supposed to be some extreme sports thing that got cancelled.
And then I think that they were working on the Need for Speed games,
which had kind of sort of been going the Burnout route, but they're not quite Burnout.
Yeah, they're not quite.
So, that's as far as I've heard.
Well, there's a company now out there called Three Fields Entertainment,
and it's made up of former Burnout franchise developers.
They're going to be releasing a vehicular destruction game called Danger Zone.
Please tell me they licensed... Was it Kenny Loggins that did that song?
Yes.
Please tell me they licensed that song to use in this...
Because otherwise, how can you fucking do a game called Danger Zone and not actually...
With cars crashing and not have the...
Flying to the danger zone...
It's got to be in the trailer. It's got to be in the trailer too.
I don't know if I can support it if it doesn't.
Well, anyway, this game takes place in a crash testing facility,
and you will be surviving a variety of crash testing scenarios while trying to get bonus pickups.
The studio in its press release said you can shunt vehicles into oncoming traffic,
take down trailers to shed their payloads,
and use your explosive Smash Breaker to move your vehicle around.
The more explosions you cause, the bigger your score.
Smash Breaker? Let's just completely rip off fucking Burnout Smash Mode.
This sounds like they released a game on Xbox Arcade.
Yeah, it's a party. It was Burnout Party or something like that.
Yeah.
Yeah, because that's based off of Burnout's Crash Mode that they had.
But, I mean, they're literally ripping that off, which is...
I guess it's okay, because it was fun, but...
I mean, they're calling it literally the same thing.
Yeah, it's just really funny.
Anyway, this studio, they did already release a game called Dangerous Golf,
but Danger Zone is coming out in May.
Get this price, though. $12.99.
Dangerous Golf is funny, too, because Dangerous Golf is basically...
It's playing golf in a house, but it's like Burnout Crash Mode
if you were to play golf in a house, if that makes sense.
So, like, you're hitting a golf ball and try to break stuff in a house
and your golf ball can explode and all sorts of ridiculous stuff
because it's basically Burnout as a golf ball.
The sad thing is, though, it doesn't sound like it has the actual racing parts.
Like, that was... It sounds like that's missing.
Yeah, that is unfortunate.
Too bad. But for $12.99, okay.
Like, because if the racing had been there, then it would probably be a security game.
Just EA, come on, bring back fucking Burnout.
No one gives a shit about Need for Speed anymore.
Just give Need for Speed a year off and fucking put out Burnout Paradise 2
or whatever the fuck you're going to put out.
Anyway, some good comments in chat regarding the whole Kenny Loggins thing.
JD suggesting Archer should also be there.
Kenny Loggins and Archer.
And Dark Tetsuya saying, if Rock Band can get them both,
maybe these guys could license him for a cameo.
Anything is possible, folks. Anything is possible.
Anyhow, we need to get to the classic game of the week.
That's not her music. Wrong music.
How about that one?
Sure.
Emails are in part B. How about this one instead?
Every week, Dar Sakura steps into the gaming vault
and finds a game that she thinks, hey, listen, hey, listen.
Oh, wait, no, that's her fairy garden.
My fairy garden is Navi-free, thank you.
She steps into the gaming vault, finds a game that she thinks, hey,
you kids should be checking this game out this week.
Dar Sakura, what did you pick for the classic game of the week?
I picked Burnout.
How ironic.
Mm-hmm.
And we didn't even compare notes.
No, we didn't.
We sure didn't.
I actually picked Burnout because Dan was watching Roadkill Garage
and so I went to see if I had interest in metal, which I have,
so I picked Burnout instead.
Well, it's a good choice. It's a timely choice.
So Burnout was released in 2001 and it came out on PlayStation 2 initially.
It later got GameCube and Xbox versions a year later in 2002,
but it still meets my criteria.
It was noted for crashing.
You're supposed to crash on purpose.
So you have Championship mode, which is the main mode of the game,
and you've got different races in that mode,
and you compete against other cars,
and it gets harder and harder and harder because it's a race.
And then you have a face-off challenge after each of those
where you can unlock a new car if you win.
You've got sprinting. You've got all this other one.
You have all kinds of different cars in it too
that are generic, unbranded cars as far as I remember.
But the big thing about this game is the crashes,
and it has led to pretty crazy versions of later games that have...
Although, did it kind of move away from the whole crash thing?
There's an E version, I think.
No.
No?
That's Burnout. Of course it didn't.
Well, no, there was another one that it's got...
I'm thinking of the iOS version because it's all nothing but crashes.
Yeah, I was going to say, you might be thinking of the thing we were thinking of a minute ago,
the whole party spin-off thing that they had.
Yeah.
But the whole thing is that you're supposed to rack up
as much property damage as you can with one crash.
And the crash mechanics got more and more and more and more ridiculous.
But there's not really much to say about it.
It's a racing game with crashes, and exploding things is pretty damn cool.
Well, it wasn't just about crashing, because Burnout was about
you get nitrous, or boost, I guess.
Your boost meter goes up by driving dangerously.
So that could be crashing into opponent cars,
or driving into uncommon traffic, or cutting cars off really close.
It's basically reckless drive for the game.
That type of stuff.
So that was the main racing part of the game, of course.
And then there's crash mode, which is awesome, and you can crash into things.
I mean, how many people played this game for the races?
I did. I played for both.
Okay, five people.
Racing is fun, but fire is funner.
Well, you kind of have to play it for both the unlocked cars.
That's true.
I want that to be on the tombstone of Orange Lounge Radio
when this inevitably ends someday.
Fire is funner.
Fire is funner.
But the thing that people mostly know about this game
is the explosions, crashing, and semi-trucks, and being a reckless driver.
Like, you can race for only so long, and then you have to create an accident on purpose.
You just have to.
I tried to do the same thing in Mario Kart, but it's not the same.
I remember Dan trying to play through this, and trying on purpose not to crash.
And then he'd crash, and it would take five hours to finish the crash.
And he'd be like, damn it, I was trying to get that car.
Man, if Criterion can make a Mario Kart game,
that would be awesome.
Call it Mario Crash.
I know this is never going to happen, and I know it was a different company.
It was bizarre, but what about Blur?
Like, that game got shafted really bad.
It's too bad.
It's too bad. Blur was...
But Activision tends to do that.
Anyway, sorry.
I know that's not Burnout, but I have to bring it up.
Burnout, I'm done.
She's burnt out on Burnout.
Yep.
All right, there it is, your classic game of the week, a very timely choice.
Burnout, the original from 2001,
available on pretty much all the systems of the PS2 era.
That would mean the GameCube and the Xbox as well.
Check it out.
All right, we're going to take a quick break,
but when we come back, there is plenty more Orange Lounge Radio to come.
We'll be talking about a controversial video game from the past coming back.
I think you all know what's coming up with this one.
And then Dark Sakura's going to give us a little bit of a history lesson.
We have all that and plenty more to look forward to
when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
Live tonight, episode number 684 of our show already in progress.
If you're just joining us, you missed a fun part A.
We had Zircon joining us to talk about Tangledeep
as well as some of his other work with music and so forth.
And then we had an interesting story from Alan,
who was actually on site trying to get a classic NES,
but alas, he was beat out by scalpers who were not shy about their scalping.
And they suck.
Yeah, if you missed that part of the show, you can check it out on our podcast feed.
If you're already checking out the show on the podcast feed, hello,
and thanks for joining us.
As I say at the end of every show, we do appreciate a nice review,
a five-star review on iTunes or Google Play,
wherever it is that you found this podcast.
Those ratings and such go an awful long way to help us spread the word
about Orange Lounge Radio.
Let's get back into some more gaming talk.
We have some rapid-fire news to get to.
Start with Loki.
Yes, you may remember that Bayonetta was just released out on Steam,
which is kind of a surprise, and everyone's thinking,
oh, hey, cool.
Bayonetta 2.
Bayonetta 2, or maybe another new game will be coming out soon.
So one of Platinum's games that people are really hoping to see next
would be, of course, Vanquish,
and there's maybe a little bit of a tease regarding that as well.
Apparently there was a small update done to Bayonetta, the Steam version,
adding a Vanquish avatar to the game's extras folder.
Hmm.
So that was kind of a little interesting.
Could that be hinting that Vanquish would be the next title
that's going to be coming to Steam?
I guess we'll just have to wait and find out,
because they haven't said anything.
So, I don't know.
And then, of course, for PlayStation Plus for May,
we're going to be getting a handful of titles,
including on PlayStation 4, Tales from the Borderlands and Abzu.
Those are going to be both on PlayStation 4.
Port Royale 3, Pirates and Merchants, and Blood Knights on PS3.
And finally, on the Vita, Laser Disco Defenders and Typewriters.
Those are also crossed by on PlayStation 4.
So they'll be coming in May.
Just to piggyback on that a little bit,
don't forget it's the 30th today if you're listening live,
so this is your last chance to grab some of the Xbox One stuff.
I think Walking Dead Season 2 is one of the things today is the last chance to get.
And then tomorrow, it's Gianna's Sister's Twisted Dreams.
And I want to say Star Wars Force Unleashed 2?
It's a Star Wars game of some sort, is also.
Somebody in chat knows, but that's what's Xbox One.
And you have until May 2nd to get a few more days for April as well.
For PlayStation games.
Yeah, but May 2nd is when they're going to be going up for May.
Yeah, Microsoft's always kind of a hard stop on the 1st and the 15th and all that stuff,
but PlayStation tends to kind of cycle out whatever Tuesday is close to the 1st of the month,
is when they tend to do it.
Although for E3, they might push back.
I remember last June, the June games didn't show up until around E3 time.
Well, speaking of E3 time, we're only like six weeks away, believe it or not.
That's hard to believe.
From the big public E3, which is going to be interesting.
I should take some days off for the...
Oh, I can't afford to at this point.
Well, I think it's like a day off, because it's really only one day.
It's really that first day when all the news hits, right?
I have all the conferences.
Or I could just watch conferences at my desk.
Sadly, I can't do that this year.
I'm going to have to just kind of play the catch-up game and so forth.
I would love to do live reactions and so forth.
Or nightly shows, kind of breaking it down or something.
I just don't know if I'll be able to do that this year.
But I know one of the things we're going to have to deal with is Bethesda's E3 event.
This is all the week before our big anniversary show, right?
Sunday, June 11th is the E3 Bethesda conference.
It's right in the middle of OLR.
So I'll have to kind of work around that as we have for the past couple of years.
Well, Bethesda has actually sent out their official invites this week.
And they kind of did an amusement park theme with this.
But what's interesting about this amusement park theme is that if you look at the little postcards they sent out,
they see some things that are portrayed here in this amusement park.
Such as there's definitely a Fallout 4 section.
You can definitely see a Quake Champions.
There's definitely a Doom thing back in there.
Kind of an Elder Scrolls representative area as well.
But there are two areas that show under construction.
So it seems like Bethesda may unveil two new games at their show this year.
Don't expect Elder Scrolls VI.
Apparently it has already been commented on previously that Elder Scrolls VI is way too early in development.
It is a long ways off. Don't expect that.
But there is some murmurs and things out there that one of the games could be Evil Within 2.
Yeah, I was going to say one of those, that's probably Elder Scrolls Online.
Because I don't think they have...
No, Elder Scrolls Online is represented in the little thing.
That game is already out in the event.
The top one there was Elder Scrolls Online.
Yeah.
They have the volcano there.
Yeah, so no.
I mean there could be a...
Well, they just did the Morrowind expansion, right?
Right, that's what that would be though.
They have the volcano from that.
Gotcha.
And then of course Doom.
And then it looks like Quake.
I'm guessing that is...
What the hell is that game?
Wolfenstein is the other thought that people are thinking.
It could be a Wolfenstein 2 is what they're going to use.
Well, I don't know what the...
Oh, that's Prey.
So Prey and then Dishonored is the other one.
Yeah, Prey and Dishonored are represented there too.
And Fallout.
So very likely that it could be Evil Within 2 and Wolfenstein 2.
But who knows?
Anything's possible.
So you'll have to stay tuned for E3 to find out because maybe they have a new, new thing to do.
One other thing I want to mention before we go over to Dark Sakura and that is the Mega Man Legacy Collection 2.
Although nothing has been officially announced, apparently a Korean ratings board,
which has leaked a few other games in the past,
has leaked some information regarding the Mega Man Legacy Collection 2,
which would include Mega Man 7, 8, 9, and 10.
No word on any of the X series or anything else.
It's just the 7, 8, 9, and 10 to complete off what started with 1 through 6 when that was released.
Gosh, that was about a year and a half ago at this point that that came out.
So this is only confirmed through the ratings board through PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC.
That means we have not heard a confirmation on the 3DS yet,
which I seem to recall the original Mega Man Collection was on the 3DS.
And certainly nothing on the Nintendo Switch, which I don't know if you guys know,
but that Disney Afternoon Collection actually just came out this past week.
That's the one that has the original DuckTales, DuckTales 2, Chip and Dale.
You know, it has like a bunch of the Tailspin, you know, a bunch of those Disney games from the NES era.
I passed on it, which I was surprised that I did, but I'm holding out for a Switch version.
I truly believe Switch is the console that thing ought to be on.
I might be waiting a while, especially if Capcom's first big release is going to be that Street Fighter 2 thing they're charging, what, 30, 40 bucks for.
Yeah, that looks like crap.
I'm not too excited about that, but I'm going to hope that these collections make their way to Switch at some point,
because I really, especially with the Disney Afternoon Collection, that's where that thing belongs.
It's a little silly.
Is Marvel vs. Capcom Infinite coming to Switch?
Good question. I don't think we know.
I don't think we know. Right now, no.
But, you know, again, Nintendo just announced these very powerful sales figures,
so now third parties have probably got to be giving Nintendo another look.
They might have wrote it off after the Wii U.
I think there's going to be now people that might go back and look at Nintendo.
We might have an interesting E3.
We might see some things announced for Switch that we weren't expecting.
I mean, we haven't had third parties really playing along strongly with Wii U in a while.
Or Nintendo, really, in a while.
I mean, 3DS, yes, here and there, but Wii U tended to be the focus of the E3 presentations.
So I'll be very curious to see how much third parties kind of take over Nintendo's E3 with some of their announcements.
We'll see. We'll see.
We've got a good six weeks to go or so.
Anyway, moving on. Dark Soccer, what do you have for us?
Stuff.
Guess what? There was an MMO I used to play a while back.
And it was called Star Trek Online.
Oh yeah, they're still going.
It is still going. They're on episode 13 now.
And it looks like this one is called Escalation.
And they're actually doing a balance update for Space Combat.
Ground Combat got its update last season.
And then they're also bringing in new escort vessels and doing some touches on Star Trek Nemesis.
So we'll see what happens with that.
I don't know if it's enough to make me want to play again, but it's pretty interesting.
And then last, Gundam Versus is coming out in the US.
It's going to be out on PS4 by Bandai.
And it is a multiplayer fighting game that's based on the Mobile Suit Gundam universe.
So, we're getting Gundam games. That's cool. So, enjoy.
I will. I will enjoy.
Are you enjoy?
Yes. Alright, let's travel around and check out some games that are coming out a little sooner, as in stores, this week.
And what can be described as probably the weirdest spinoff of the Mass Effect series.
The Caligula Effect is going to be coming out on Vita this week.
A Vita game in the US?
In the US, I know. They happen sometimes.
The Legend of Heroes Trails in the Sky III is coming out on PC.
Prey is coming out on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
Is that demo out?
It is out, yes.
Yeah, I heard people talking about that on the Twitters.
And then World to the West on PC, Mac, and Linux, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Wii U.
Wii U getting the game. That's it.
Alright, well heading on over to Japan.
There really isn't anything to speak of on the PlayStation 4 this week.
Things are pretty dry over there, so nothing really for me to plug.
And honestly, it's kind of the same story on the PlayStation Vita as well.
The next release is on May 11th over there.
I'm thinking it's kind of a slow week in Japan.
Because the Switch doesn't have anything.
But again, the physical releases are still very slow in Japan.
And there's actually nothing on the 3DS either.
However, I believe it's Golden Week in Japan right now.
And that could probably explain their lack of releases.
In fact, I just was looking up here.
I think it's right at the end of April, right?
Yeah, April 29th was Emperor's Birthday.
May 5th is Children's Day.
So we're right in the midst of Golden Week.
So this is why there's really no releases in Japan right now.
So you're going to have to wait a little while.
Loki. I'm sorry. Dark Soccer. How about the UK?
On May 4th, there's Space Plan for Android and iOS and PC.
And then on the 5th, Prey for PC, Xbox One, PlayStation 4.
World to the West on the major systems as well.
And that's pretty it.
So a little bit of a slower week in releases, except for Prey.
That's kind of a big deal.
I still remember Prey on the Xbox 360, the original one.
But this new one's completely different.
Nothing to do with the original Prey, right?
Just two games that have the same name that happen to be first-person shooters.
I'm curious about it.
Let's go to the mailbag.
I think it's time to hear from you guys.
We have a couple weeks' worth of emails to catch up on.
But not too many.
You guys send us emails every week.
DarkSoccer dives in the mailbag and finds her favorite emails to read right now.
Now, I may be going a slight bit out of order on some of these emails.
But I will go ahead and start.
One of these is from Sam.
Hello, OLR Crew. I love the show.
Which console are you all going to buy?
The $400 Scorpio or the feature-packed $600 Scorpio Elite.
Thank you, Sam.
We don't have confirmation on any of those right now.
And I don't think we'll know until E3.
But I do think there were some rumblings this past week about something.
Like, a SKU had come out or something.
Or, I don't know, some more details.
Like, we know how many teraflops are in it and all this stuff, right?
Well, they've already shown off the hardware too.
Like, was it Digital Trends? No, it was one of the Eurogamer and stuff.
They were looking at it.
But I remember there were some rumors out there about there being two versions of it.
Which I don't see how they are.
I don't think we know anything yet.
Yeah, I mean, we really don't know until E3.
And I'm going to be honest, when it comes to Scorpio, like, at this current time,
and if anyone from Microsoft who makes these things happens to be listening,
here's what's important about E3.
If you want me to put the money down to pre-order a Scorpio,
you really need to convince me, as an Xbox One owner,
and as a pretty beefy computer running Windows 10 user,
why do I need Scorpio?
Because right now, it doesn't seem like there's a reason for me to own it.
Like, anything I want, I could play on Xbox One,
or I could play on my Windows 10 machine.
Granted, there's some things that I prefer on Xbox One.
Just hopefully you're not playing in game mode,
because I saw a video today regarding Windows 10 game mode
that apparently looks like it sucks.
Really? I heard it's best used on older machines.
You get better frame rate on older machines.
But I haven't really, I don't need it.
The games run fine for me.
What I follow is Alliance Tech Tips,
and they do a bunch of different videos regarding hardware benchmarking and stuff,
and they test three different SKUs, kind of like low-end, mid-tier,
and high-end PCs with three different games, including Gears of War 4.
And with game mode on, it actually cuts some of the frame rates in half,
like the 99% frame rate that they received.
Interesting.
Yeah, so there's a lot more frame rate dips, I guess, with that.
No, I don't even worry about game mode.
I haven't played with it, because I don't need to.
I get great frame rates from Final Fantasy XIV.
I get shitty frame rates with my laptop, so I'm all for that.
But right now, I need to see what games would get me on board with it.
I mean, like Forza Horizon 3, but Crackdown, hopefully this year, because...
Finally.
Finally? There's no confirmation yet that it's coming out this year yet.
Have we heard anything about it? Nope.
No, but we know Scalebound's not happening now, so...
I mean, I don't know.
Microsoft's going to be a real weird wild card at E3.
We kind of know what to expect from Nintendo, I would say, going into E3.
Nothing.
No, it's not nothing, but it's the big games that are going to sell the Switch this holiday,
including Mario Odyssey will be one of them.
There's probably going to be a second AAA game, too.
Can we get the pitchforks and torches out if they start, like, fucking announcing the Super Nintendo mini thing?
Can we start a mob?
If they do not address supply concerns, yes.
This is Nintendo. Of course they're not going to address supply concerns.
If they don't, then yes, we can get out the pitchforks.
Yeah!
But if they do, which they might, they might have a roundabout way of doing it.
They'll use boardroom speakers.
Somehow, we don't have unlimited resources, but we managed to get more resources.
Exclusive pre-orders available to my Nintendo members starting today.
Bam. Cut out scalpers immediately.
They're made out of completely different plastic.
Different polymers, you know.
And much, much harder to hack.
Anyway, Microsoft's going to be a very interesting wildcard for E3,
whereas yes, we know what to expect. We know the Scorpio is coming,
but what is going to substantiate the purchase of a Scorpio?
That's what we don't know.
So, my big roundabout answer to this very short email is
that has to be answered until we can talk further about Scorpio.
And that is, what's the compelling reason for me to get one?
Because right now, beefier tech isn't doing it.
I really feel burned by that from PlayStation 4 Pro.
So, I'm not making that mistake again.
Anyway, next email, DarkSakura, please.
I will go ahead and read the next short one, which is much earlier.
Dear Retertainment, Kylie Minogue is a flawless goddess.
Please take those blasphemous statements of her being trashy elsewhere.
With love, Oscar. P.S. Get out of my way.
That's a song lyric from Kylie Minogue.
I know.
Well, I was hoping you'd sing it. No, I'm just kidding.
No.
I don't think you were here the last show, DarkSakura,
but Retertainment unfortunately made a fleet.
He was trying to refer to Kylie Minogue as campy,
but I think he used the word trashy,
and I may have read the right act live on air.
I know he just made it.
Kylie is a flawless goddess.
Kylie is a flawless goddess, but I think he made an innocent mistake.
She is campy.
He made a mistake.
No, wasn't she cammy?
I mean, fuck off.
I think we're getting to...
Do you know the whole reason that I saw that movie was to see her as cammy?
Oh, you know my, like, 12-year-old gay ass was like,
Kylie Minogue!
Right?
No.
She made a good cammy.
Yeah, she was...
And a good cammy.
Raul Julia made that movie, really, in her.
Sad it was his last film.
It is really sad it was his last film.
But you know I saw it twice in the theater.
I always saw it once.
Anyway, moving on.
Okay.
Hello, LR.
Last week's show you mentioned the discontinuation of the Nests classic mini.
I absolutely agree with you guys that the fact that this discontinuation, along with a super limited supply,
were absolute jerk moves and that Nintendo deserves whatever crap they're given for them.
But purely from a business standpoint, I believe that Nintendo got exactly what they wanted out of the Nests classic mini.
Now please understand that this is my personal speculation regarding the twisted, possibly deluded point of view of the Japanese corporation.
This is widely regarded as marching to the beat of their own drum and no one else's.
But Nintendo Switch is still four months out and no details have been released.
The 3DS is old, nobody's talking about Wii U anymore, no significant Nintendo products are on anyone's Christmas list.
Hi, it's May.
This is something that will get people talking about Nintendo again, generate new interest in the brand to please the investors,
and hopefully make folks hungrier for the Switch next year.
Do we want to sell 20 million of these?
Absolutely not.
We would rather sell these games for $5 a pop as downloads on our dedicated consoles.
But will this help us put up some holiday numbers?
These look really good.
So now we're hearing rumors about a possible SNES classic mini for the holiday season next year.
Nintendo is always claiming that they're listening to customer feedback.
What does that mean for the new mini?
Probably that it will now say limited edition on the box to make sure we know from the outset that this is a special item made specifically for scalpers.
No other significant changes will be made, especially in terms of quality, quantity manufactured, mark my words.
Oh man, I hope I'm really wrong. I would love to get my hands on one of those things.
Pretending to place a pre-order right now, Aaron Yyr.
It's not the same market.
The people that, like, if they're saying, oh well, you know, if you want to play your classic games, you can play it on the virtual console.
The people that would have bought the NES mini aren't necessarily people that are even going to buy a Switch or Wii U or 3DS or whatever.
You're selling to a completely new market.
And they were making money off those because there's not enough in the hardware itself.
There was, component wise, there wasn't that much to it.
It was just a chip running Linux.
That's it.
I mean, it doesn't make any sense.
If I was an investor, I'd be furious because it's money on the table that they're throwing away.
And yeah, the only thing that it really did for me is just enrage me as a consumer of Nintendo products.
It's just, this is the bullshit that they claim that they've gotten all this supply chain shit fixed.
And here's another fucking example of no, they don't know what the fuck they're doing.
I agree with you, Loki, on the sense that as a publicly traded company in Japan, I would be furious if I was an investor if they're leaving this on the table as well.
And especially when the reasons, I mean, do the investors know something we don't?
Like the real reason why they're walking away from this? I don't know.
But I can talk about this stuff and get huffy about it until I'm pink in the face.
But the reality is Nintendo, we're at the point where Nintendo just fucking does no wrong.
We can sit here and go, what a bunch of fucking morons.
But time and time again, Switch sells 2 million.
They have all this freaking positive press out there.
So you know what? I'm done trying to speculate.
Because it's got Apple appeal. It's got Apple appeal.
It doesn't matter what Apple will do, people will fucking buy the price.
Nintendo, doesn't matter what they're going to do.
We're beyond that at this point.
I think we're away from those comparisons.
Because it's to a religious fanatic state that they've got so much hope that Nintendo's going to do the right thing.
Please show me some examples of how they're actually going to follow through this.
Because right now this system is only a couple months old.
We don't know what they're going to do.
The Mario game that they're promising for fourth quarter, who knows if that's coming out in fourth quarter?
It's a promise right now. We don't know shit.
The thing with Apple though, they have never walked away from a product at the height of its popularity that I can recall.
Exactly. They will sell that shit until it's just not moving off shelves.
That's where we're beyond this now.
Exactly. They get supply chain.
But Nintendo, which is weird because I'm assuming that they manufacture in China because everybody fucking manufactures in China.
How did they find the one part of China that can't fucking manufacture a tiny plastic box with a chip inside of it?
I don't know anymore. I'm going to wait until E3 to see what fucking the circus brings to town next.
That's all I can do at this point with Nintendo anymore. I'm going to wait until the circus comes to town for E3.
Do you agree Dark Soccer? Are you going to wait for the circus?
Nah.
Alright. Is that it for our emails tonight?
Yes.
Alright. Then we will move on to some more news.
But if you want to email us for a future week, participate at orangelaungeradio.com.
We will be opening up the Skype line for your calls at Orange Lounge Radio a little later on in the show.
But first, we do have some more news to get to. Loki.
Did you know it's been 25 years since Night Trap was released?
I know that because they're releasing a Night Trap 25th anniversary edition that's going to be coming to PlayStation 4.
Way to make me feel old, Loki, as all these fucking anniversary stories do.
Like when Mario Brothers turned 30 and Zelda turned 30, I was like,
Oh, what's that say about you, Rob Roberts?
But, yeah, I mean, cool that Night Trap is 25, I guess.
Now, I'm not sure if this is the same Night Trap remaster that was a Kickstarter, a really shitty Kickstarter.
This may be a whole different thing since it's actually going to be releasing in spring.
But it is coming. Soon.
And that's all we know about it. We don't know anything other than it's Night Trap.
I guess that's all you really need to know.
For most people, that's what they need to know.
I guess it's cool that it's getting a physical release on PlayStation 4, but I'm going to be that bitch for a minute.
Why? Why?
This game is not that good.
It's not that good a game.
You had this as the classic game of the week like a month ago.
We just recently were talking about Night Trap on this show.
Excuse me. Night Trap is not that good of a game.
You know, the thing that Night Trap did for us is that it gave us the ESRB.
Now, granted, Mortal Kombat helped with that, too.
But Night Trap was that game that Joe Lieberman had the copy of at the congressional hearings and so forth.
So the game industry created the ESRB.
Because why? Because there's women in it that are wearing tight shirts?
Is that why you think of the children?
Well, maybe Jamie remembers this a little better, but I seem to remember some of the depictions of the killing of the girls with the real problem.
And by today's standards, it's really tame.
Well, isn't that... It's funny you bring that up because I heard that this game is rated T for Teen now.
It's not even M game anymore.
But the version that I have is the pre-edited version.
Oh, so maybe there's some edits in here that are making...
There were edits.
Because after the advent of the ESRB, there was a re-release of it that was toned down some.
I guess Dungeon Buster in chat has a good point.
Why does Mad Dog McCree keep getting re-releases?
I don't know. Because it's probably a cheap license is what it is.
Fucking somebody's buying it, I guess.
The company Screaming Villains, who's actually developing the sequel though, or sequel remaster, I guess.
They have their website, which doesn't really have anything on there except for the trailer.
But it also does have a free copy of the Night Trap theme song.
Or a remaster of the theme song if you want to play that until it comes out.
So check it out.
Alright, well hooray for those of you guys that are super into Night Trap.
A question from chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
SSJ100Matt says,
Rob, was Sleepaway Camp good when it came out? I think it's just a cult classic.
Let's be clear, that movie was never good.
So yes, it's just a cult classic.
But are you trying to compare Night Trap to Sleepaway Camp?
I don't know if those two things can be compared.
I would totally play a Sleepaway Camp game though.
Again, if you've never seen Sleepaway Camp, you owe it to yourself.
Do not fucking read about it. Do not spoil the ending to Sleepaway Camp.
The ending is like such the cherry on top of...
Well, and by today's standards, it's problematic.
But remember, put your 1983 hat on and go watch Sleepaway Camp.
It's such a silly, stupid movie, but it is.
The ending though, it's just so ridiculous that it just made it...
I remember watching that for the first time.
And we were just uncontrollably laughing at the end.
Just like the last scene with the music and everything.
We were just like...
It was just so ridiculous.
It's more random than anything.
It is random.
It's very random.
Anyway, JD in chat says,
I don't have a 1983 cap.
Well, knit one.
Dark Soccer.
You know what? I know Dark Soccer's twist this year
is she does once a month the classic system of the week.
But I'm thinking next year, for 2018,
you might need to do the classic movie of the week,
of the month or something.
The first movie is Xanadu.
Xanadu.
Classic 80s movie.
That was 1980 as well.
If you were smart in the way you planned it out,
you could still say Xanadu ties into video games
because there's DDR,
there's the Don Bluth animation sequences,
which those games were a huge part of arcades in the early 80s, right?
Dragon's Lair, Space Ace.
So there's ways...
And where did you play a lot of video games in the early 80s?
At the roller rink, right?
Mostly Frogger.
I still can't play Frogger if I'm not wearing roller skates.
True.
Try playing Spy Hunter with roller skates
because you have the acceleration pedal.
Oh my god.
But anyway, my thought is,
I think we need to do like a movie
and you're going to tangentially relate these movies to video games somehow.
You could do it.
I guess.
This movie came out in 1983,
which is also the year that Blink came out.
There. Tie-in.
And Kevin Bacon. The end.
I just committed all of us to a 16th year of Orange Lounge Radio.
Look at that. Check that out in 2018.
Girl, you can do the segment.
Alright.
Is that a challenge? Alright.
Maybe a... Bitch, it might be.
Well, okay, wait.
Not to get too tangential, but we're running a little
early tonight, so I can do a few tangent.
Tangent us? Never.
What if, and what would the listeners think about this,
what if it was like a
YouTube spin-off
of OLR to do like a classic
movie of the... Do I gotta...
Yes.
YouTube's where it's at now.
Okay, but
we have to have like snarky videos and bad animation.
We can, we can probably have all of that.
Okay. We could do a classic movie of the...
I could actually just finally sit down and learn iMovie.
There you go. Now we're talking.
Okay, there you go.
See, some of the folks in chat are
SHO 100 Matt says yes, Dr. C says sure.
JD says, actually Rob
talking about movies would be a super interesting segment
since he knows his cult movies. Well, thank you.
Yeah, I know a thing or two about cult movies.
Maybe that should just be our thing.
Like, this is what we remember about these shitty
movies.
Do I want to talk about this on air?
Dot, dot, dot. Okay. Do it.
Do it. So,
y'all know I am involved with Rocky Horror Picture
Show here in Sacramento, right? No.
You guys know about that. And
the guy who puts it on has a whole
organization of events that he does, and one of the
things that he does is a thing called Sinister Creature Con.
So, last year,
or no, two years ago, excuse me, at Sinister Creature Con,
he let me moderate the panel.
It's one of the highlights of my life, really, that had
Patricia Quinn, Nell Campbell, and
Barry Bostwick, who played Magenta, Columbia, and Brad
in the movie. I got to do that panel, so it was really cool.
Like, me and these, like, three legit
movie stars, like, on the panel. It was awesome.
And she was Magenta on stage.
She was, and she was Columbia on stage.
So,
guess who one of his
big lands is
for this October's
Sinister Creature Con in Sacramento. Tim Curry.
No, God, I wish. It has nothing to do
with Rocky Horror, but everything to do with cult movies.
And video games, there's a reason I'm bringing this
up on OLR. What's his face from The Last
Starfighter? No.
Uwe Boll is going to be there.
Oh my God.
So, I'm thinking
about, do I need to phone in a favor and
ask to do that panel?
Like, do I want to do that
panel? Do I not want to do that panel? He's out of the movie
industry now for you. He is. He's doing
something else now.
He is. Is it like a restaurant?
I think he's doing something.
How many explosions are in his restaurant?
The reason why I bring that up is that if we do
this whole YouTube thing,
maybe, maybe we could get some
interviews and talk to some of these cult people.
So, that could be a something,
something thing that comes up anyway.
S.G.O. 100 Matt says, bring on a
special guest like Travis. If I can get him out of the
retirement home, sure, I'd love to have him on.
Let's see,
William Renovay says, there should be a whole episode
of Rocky Horror. I could probably fill a
whole episode of Rocky Horror. So,
there you go. We'll see.
Anyway, I probably should have blurted that out on air
because that's still all under development, but it is
something I'm trying to,
I'm trying to
be a part of later this year.
Because I think it would be fun
if nothing else. Right, Loki?
It would be fun. I've already interviewed
Uwe Boll once. For what?
It was for Tunnel Rats. It was a
movie that he's, it was
kind of the reverse. He was making a movie that they're
going to be making a game off of. So, we did a phone interview
with him at my previous job.
He's alright. I don't know.
We didn't learn too much from, I mean,
Despite his reputation,
I bet he's actually a pretty normal person.
He's just a person.
I mean, whatever. He exploited,
he exploited German tax laws to make
movies and make money. Just like Adam Sandler
exploits whatever
to, you know, make movies with his
friends so his friends get a constant
check and he can go vacation with them.
Didn't they say those movies are like the most
watched thing on Netflix right now? Yeah, they make a ton of money
and they, like, stealthily get onto Netflix
and it's funny, but... Who's fucking
watching it? Knock it off. Ford people.
They're, you know what, I mean,
honestly, though, like... More power to them, I guess.
It's seriously, like, look at this guy.
I mean, he's supported his friends,
like, his best friends. I mean, if, if I
could get paid, in fact, we had talked
about this, like, a long time ago, like, with,
you know, Eric and stuff, like, if we
get paid, lots of money to make really
shitty movies and just dumb movies that we
find funny
and just do that with our friends and get to go vacation
places and buy cars for ourselves,
fuck yeah, why wouldn't
I do that? I would totally do that. So,
Loki, I don't know if you've heard, but there's a website
out there called YouTube
and you can make
dumb shit and put it on YouTube and
you put these ads in front of it
and you make money. Yeah, but I haven't heard
that they have, they don't put ads in front of
controversial stuff now.
Remember, YouTube's become quite, quite
the shit right now. That's, like, legit,
like, fucking hate speech stuff. I don't
think your movies would... No, it's everything
because, you know, YouTube is
run by a high, trained professional
team of computer
animated bots that don't actually, you know,
have any sort of soul, they just basically go
out there and go, yeah, I think this is this, but
we're, we're gonna, hopefully that's correct.
The LGBT community had a huge problem
with the whole, like, a bunch of LGBT,
like, coming out videos or being labeled restricted
as adult content and it, like,
they're actually not, it's not, they're
not talking about anything adult. They're
talking about experiences that
sometimes help other people and so forth.
Advertisers, they don't like that.
Anyway, alright.
Alright, we've gone down too many tangents.
It's time to pull the train back into the
station and talk about, hey, something else
that you might be streaming on YouTube or
on Twitch or one of those. Persona 5,
remember, there was some, there were some
pretty strict guidelines that came out for Persona 5.
Well, shock and... Unenforceable guidelines.
Shock and awe. Atlas
has revised those guidelines.
That's right. The guidelines
have been, let's see,
changed a little bit. The new
guideline is that you can do video up to
the in-game date of
11-19. That's
before the game gears up for the final act.
Now, they also,
as a part of this, I'm gonna read this verbatim here,
we also want to apologize to those of you
who saw the previous guidelines blog post
as threatening. We wanted to be transparent
about what we do, and the reason we
released the guidelines was to give streamers the
right information up front. It was never
our intention to threaten people with copyright
strikes, but we clearly chose the wrong
tone for how to communicate this.
Because you said you threatened them with a copyright
strike. Yeah. Because you literally
did that. It wasn't the tone, it was
you literally came out and said, if you do this,
we're gonna strike your channel. Now, the
interesting thing is, they haven't said they're not
gonna do that, but at the same time, have we
heard of anybody actually getting copyright strikes
from this? Because, I have a friend
who put his entire playthrough of the game
on YouTube in like 53 segments or something
like that, haven't heard if there's been any
problems yet. I mean, granted, he's not a
huge streamer, so,
but still. I get it, you don't want your
game story ruined, but
you have no control over that.
You don't. You can't.
You can't say it's okay to put part of the
game on there. I don't think it's even
enforceable the way you can do that. Especially
if they're commenting over it and there's like actual
transformative work being done
to it, you can't do it.
I do think, I
realize this is a complicated issue, it's not
easily gonna be solved. I do think
there should be revenue sharing
available. I do think that
Atlus should be able to share
in what, especially,
especially when there is no
commentary or nothing else going on, Atlus
does deserve it. When there's
commentary and stuff, I do believe
Atlus, as they've made the game, they should
be entitled to some of the revenue,
but I don't think they should get to dictate
oh, you do this, but not that.
They already get some of the revenue when I purchase
their fucking game. No, seriously,
they're not entitled to any of that, and you know
why? Because Nintendo does this shit.
Nintendo
monetizes every single
video out there, unless
you just, you know,
join up in their
special club where they get most of the
profits anyways. That's still a thing?
That's still a thing. Oh, I didn't know. So, I mean,
I'm sorry, we've already seen how back ass
words that shit is. I do not want more companies
jumping on board with that.
Alright, we need to get on to some more stories. We
will be taking your calls at Orange Lounge
Radio on Skype in a little while, but first,
Dark Sakura,
with something a little different. Yes.
Well, um, this
has been, uh, you know,
Call of Duty isn't necessarily, like, my
favorite ever game,
but they're doing a World War
2 campaign that,
um, has a multiplayer mode that lets you
play as, uh, female combatants.
And, um,
it's funny, because
I've seen some people
get kind of fussy about it, like, they'll
like, we were actually commenting on
before the show, there'll be people who
are cool with having, you know,
Nazi zombies, but
get all fussy about women
in combat. But even
back then, I mean, now the
US was definitely a lot more stuffy about
it, but, um, there were
women combatants in World War
2. There were, uh,
in fact, a very famous, uh, group
of, uh, Russian snipers,
um, who,
uh, were, uh,
actually had some of the highest
kill counts of any of, uh,
of the combatants. There, uh,
were also, uh, people in the
Air Force. There are plenty of
American women were, uh, also involved
in, uh,
uh, aircraft, in, um,
transport. A good number
of Canadian, too. We had,
um, medical, uh, sorry, transport vehicle
drivers, um, and not
just in, you know,
working in, like, you know,
canteens or as a cook
or as a, you know, clerk, but,
uh, women who,
uh, were
very, very important to the whole,
uh, war effort
in World War 2, just all over the world.
So, um,
I think it's not too far-fetched
to have, um,
female
combatants in a World War
2 era game, so.
Why not? Sure. I mean, I think this is,
you know, as much as we've made
a lot of strides in the past ten years
to try to bring more
representation in games,
I mean, Call of Duty definitely
has that label as a brotastic
type of video game,
so I think that's really cool that
they're bringing in, you know, a way
for more women to get into Call of Duty by
playing something that can represent themselves a little more.
Did you know that even Queen Elizabeth II
was, um, uh, enlisted
in 1945? That doesn't surprise
me, considering her family is kinda
always, like, I know, like, William and
and Harry were in the military
and all that, so, you know, that family kinda has a
military history to them, so. And see,
what I would like to see is if
they were gonna do, like, a World War 2 era
game, I would wanna do something
where someone fights as, like, a resistance member.
You would be very proud of our chatters
right now, by the way, because, like, they are saying things
like, Justice, you're about to say them, Lady JJ
just pointed out the Queen Elizabeth II thing,
uh, S.G.O. and Hunter Matt
talked about the Russian snipers thing,
and so it's, it's funny that, like, they're
naming stuff right, you'd be very proud of her. Hey, Lady
JJ, I'm glad you can make it in.
You'd be very proud of our listeners tonight.
But, um, I mean,
and even, there were, uh,
of course, I learned a lot more, you know,
studying, uh, the effects of
the Holocaust, there was, um,
a Jewish resistance leader named Hannah
Senesch, who, um,
uh, she
airdropped several times into Germany
to spread, uh, propaganda
and to help the resistance
and ended up being tortured and murdered
by the Nazis. You know, plenty
of, of women who, you know,
I know there's a lot of women involved, it's about
planes, like, usually, like, the flights and the planes
stuff, like, a lot of women got involved in that.
Or even, um, performers, there were plenty
of performers who would, you know, pass
notes and, and get information
from people, but the whole
thing is, is that, don't just
look at a historical war
through a patriarchal lens.
I mean, and I'm not meaning to use,
like, buzz feminist words, you know,
whatever. It's truly
clouded by
a lot of male-centric discussion.
Don't discount that women played their part
in war, or that we still
play a part in war. What is it, like, six years ago,
um, the Air Force passed, uh,
uh, their first female sniper
through their Sniper Academy.
Um, it's
just, don't discount it, you know.
If you say, oh, well, so
and so was never in the war, there were
women who fought in
the American Civil War, on both sides,
who would,
in some cases, quite literally, cross-dressed
to be in the army, or be in
whichever militia. It's been going
on for years. There's even, like, French
nobles who, um,
were absolutely famous
for, uh, women who
adopted men's dress. Well, and Mulan.
I couldn't, I'm sorry, I couldn't help it.
I'm sorry. Well, even, even
Joan of Arc. Yeah, sure, of course. She
was burned, not just for, you know,
being, uh, in resistance
to, uh, England's armies, but
she was actually more burned
as a heretic for refusing to wear women's clothing.
Because she was female.
So, I'm just saying,
if you have an argument about
a game because of some preconceived notion,
actually take some time and study the fucking history.
The end.
Okay. This week on
Jamie Takes On Video Games.
I'm a, I'm a big history
nerd, too. I do not disagree
with what you're saying, and I think it's really cool that
the video games are, like, reflecting, you know,
the more diversities of, of, of
how World War II affected
everybody. You know what I mean?
Exactly. I mean, it was a world
war for a reason. And, you know,
history is kind of repeating itself, so
keep your eyes open.
Alright.
Uh, let's move on. Uh, just a few more
stories for you guys, and then the Skype line. But first,
If I may say. Oh, yeah. SSG100 Matt
said, thankfully, our listener group doesn't think that way.
And, yes, bless you all.
I love you all.
Doesn't think in the terms of.
There might be somebody new to the show who might
be like, oh, I didn't think about it that way before.
Well, then, good. I hope to open
some eyes. Exactly. That's all, that's
all it is. Just think, think a little different.
Bend over and take it.
I'm kidding. Jamie.
Oh, come on. You know it's me. Alright.
Moving on. A few more stories for you guys.
Loki. So, um,
not too long ago, um,
GTA V, you know,
this whole, um, stunt
racing and stuff
that they kind of added to the game that
really, I thought, made the racing really
better, you know, with all these loops and
ramps and crazy shit.
So, it's only appropriate that Forza
Horizon 3 has Hot Wheel DLC
coming with all the fucking loops and
shit they would find in the orange
track to bear. And it looks
fantastic. I mean, it
just looks seriously
cool from the trailer that I saw.
You like this kind of over-the-top
shit though. I know, I'm all
on board for this too. Yeah, it looks great.
I mean, the game, I mean, itself was
pretty good, but now it's... You know what it
reminds me of? Hard Drivin'.
You remember that game? Yeah, right.
I used to take a nap in that.
It was a giant cabinet, right?
And it was like the, the early
days of, and I'm using my quotey fingers,
virtual reality type games. Yeah, like
was it Test Drive 3?
Polygons, yeah. But like,
Hard Drivin' was like that first game where you had like
the ramp and you had like a loop
and all this crazy shit. And now
it's like, oh, that, it's like
making that on hardware
in 2017. Pretty cool.
It looks cool though. Seriously, it's gonna be 20 bucks.
The expansion by itself
is $20. Or if you bought the
games expansion pass, which
is $35, you get that for free as
well. It's coming out May
9th on
Xbox One. I'm assuming PC since
it's a Windows 10 game. Yes.
But yeah, definitely check that out.
It looks really cool.
Alright, well one more story
for you guys before we open up the Skype line and
that has to do with, hey
guess what? Sometimes people
online who, you know, when they do, we
hear about these websites getting
hit with DDoS attacks and stuff,
we're wondering, when are some of these people gonna
go to jail for breaking the
law? And guess what?
Somebody's finally going to jail for
some of this shit. So it
was the Central Criminal Court of England
in Wales who found
20 year old Adam Mudd
guilty of creating a
malware program that did
distributed denial of service or DDoS
attacks on computer network.
Apparently it has caused 1.7
million cyber attacks since
2013. The malware
was sold under a pseudonym and
apparently made $400,000 from
112,000 registered
users. Let's see, apparently
there's gaming companies that have been
attacked like Xbox Live,
Minecraft, and the MMORPG
RuneScape. The
DDoS would overload the company's networks
with too much data and that would interrupt the
connection to the internet and then they're
unable to process the user request. And I think we
all remember when Xbox Live and I think PlayStation
Network got shut, I'm not saying that
that is the same program that shut these
things down, but we all
remember when that happened on, like on
Christmas, right? Didn't PlayStation Network go down
on Christmas? It was really fucking rude,
whatever it was they did. So, there we go.
The judge
wanted to make this sentence a
strong deterrent to future
cyber criminals and sentence Mudd
to two years of jail and that will
be served in a young offenders institution
because I guess 20 is still a young offender
over there. Whereas
here, that would, you'd be
in, you'd be in, you'd be in
regular, you'd be in prison
Orange is the new black style.
No juvie hall over 18
so, but I guess it's a little
different over there, so.
There you go, somebody finally going to jail for DDoSing
so, there you go.
Alright, wasn't that a prediction
on a, not this year, probably last year,
but I think I said one of them would get the death penalty.
I think that was 2016. I think that's a bit much.
Just chop off their fingers.
I still could have gotten a half point.
Alright, hey
guess what guys, Skype line is open.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype
and if you want to do it the old fashioned way, 1-877-GAME-OLR
and guess what, our phone
is ringing, but we will catch up with
Loki on some last minute stories in a moment.
But first, hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Hey, what's going on, it's Ranma.
Hey Ranma, how you doing?
Pretty good, I just got in from another convention
about a good hour and a half ago.
I know, I saw the picture, you were hanging out
with your posse from Anime Jam
Session and I saw John from Critical Myth in those pictures
so, you guys had a good
good old time, hello hello, and I hope you had fun.
It was so much fun
that I would say this, next
year, y'all gotta come out for this
convention, that's how much fun, how much
how great it is. Which con is it?
Zenkai Con, it's right in Lancaster
County. I've heard of that before.
But you know,
realistically, I don't know if it
would be in the budget for me to do another East Coast
con, I'd have to choose between that
and Magfest and, well,
hate to break it to you buddy, but, you know
Magfest's gonna win that one. You're coming with me to
DragCon next year anyway.
That's true.
It sucks, when I switched jobs
I lost 10 days of work
off a year, I went from 25 days off to
15, so it's like I really have to pick and choose my
cons now.
Well, we could always do this.
You could always do Magfest, you could
crash at Michael John's place until
the con, you just work remotely.
If I wasn't a corporate
trainer who needed to be in a classroom all day
I would consider that.
Video technology my friend!
I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, when I'm a
famous YouTuber,
I'll go to all the cons.
When I can quit my job and be a famous YouTuber.
Sounds like a plan.
Sounds like a plan my friend.
Well no, I'm really glad you had a good time at the con though.
Was there any type of gaming stuff at the con, or was it mostly
anime?
It was a mix of everything, and what I'm starting to
see now, Bemani is
coming back.
I don't know if you were here at the beginning of the show,
but somebody made a comment at the beginning of the show,
and I kind of mentioned that I kind of felt
DDR was going through a renaissance,
but I really should have clarified that saying
Bemani is going through a renaissance, because
definitely things like Ubeat
is like at conventions, there's always a
fucking line to play Ubeat, whether it's
Dragon Con or Magfest or wherever I'm at
that has those machines, and then
SoundVoltex is doing very well it seems as well,
so it really isn't
just DDR, but that's just kind of
the grandpa of those games.
True, true, true.
So, but those games
having a great presence at Zenkai Con
it sounds like?
A small presence because the gaming room
wasn't that big, but what I'm seeing in general
over the last year and a half,
big or small,
the dance rhythm games are coming back pretty strong.
Oh, that's great.
I know
speaking of all the dance game stuff,
you guys probably know Kyle Ward
who was on this show, oh god
it was probably a couple years ago at this point, but
you know, at the time we were talking about some of the
stuff he's been doing with the cell phone games, well now
I'm seeing a lot of activity now with his
what did they end up calling the machine?
It's like Step Maniacs, right?
That's the name of it. It's like Step Mania
but with an X. So, like, and it seems
like this is, you know, a lot of people are
really, really anticipating this game,
this Step Maniacs game, and
you know, I remember playing it at Magfest
and it really looks like it's coming together, and I love the idea
of the main screen being a touch screen.
And then there's not just that,
but fucking, did you, I didn't even know this was out
on iPhones now,
but Neon FM
is fucking out on hand-helds
and it syncs up with
the arcade versions.
I didn't know that was a thing now.
I remember talking about
Neon FM fucking like 2005,
like in the early days of OLR.
This is crazy.
But in a good way.
Sure enough.
Rob, you want to know something?
That's not why I called in.
Oh, that's alright. Well, why did you call in?
I wanted to talk to you about
your thoughts. I heard what you
had to say about Project Scorpio,
and you know what? I hear what
you're saying. I get it.
It's like
when you have a basic PC to do
stuff, and then
you got the basic PC to do stuff, play games,
do all this stuff, and you're happy. You got
the Uber PC that does everything
and much, much more.
The PS4 Pro, Project Scorpio,
I don't want to
use the word lazy,
but I'm going to use the word lazy.
It's a lazy way
of getting a high-end
gaming PC
or gaming console.
It's like
I just think these two
consoles are a way to fight back at the
quote-unquote master race of PC
gaming.
I sort of get that.
I think it's for people who
don't necessarily have an Uber-end PC,
but again, I'm not
saying that like, oh, I'm not getting
one, and my mind's made up. I'm
waiting to hear that out of E3, but
that's really what I'm saying is that
Microsoft needs to convince me at
E3, or if not me, if
what you're saying is really the
case where it's like, no, this system is not for me. It's for
these other people. Okay, then really, what is that
compelling case why people
need to spend the extra money on this
system?
What are the games going to be like?
What's Scorpio going to lend itself to with that?
What are those experiences going to be
that makes it a little worth it?
Because in some regards, I think Sony
has kind of peed in the pool
a little bit, because I don't
think the PlayStation 4 Pro
has really pushed things
forward immensely
in that regard, and now that's kind of what's
stuck in our heads, and I realize
Microsoft had nothing to do with that,
but I can't help but feel like
PlayStation has kind of
already kind of screwed it
up, if that makes sense?
It does. I kind of see it this way.
I mean, look at the specs between both consoles.
I mean, I kind of feel
that Sony is kind of banking
on the name PlayStation
to push the Pro, whereas
not everybody knows the Microsoft
brand per se. They know it, but it's like
gaming, nine times out of ten, especially
in the circles I roll with, more people
are more apt to go towards the PS4
because of the games, even though
the Xbox has the hardware
processing power. Now,
with Scorpio comes out, if the
price is right, and they can get
these companies behind
them with all these amazing games,
then we're going to be good. Now,
if they start doing exclusive
PS4 Pro and Scorpio
games, that's where we're going to
have a problem. But they need
to keep it at, keep the game
optimized for PS4
so that way you can play it on either
or. You can see the power
and graphical difference between both of those consoles
as if they're the Xbox One.
And I will say this now, and I'm not
saying this as an Xbox
fanboy, but you
get that one game
for both
consoles. And you
optimize it for their Pro systems.
I hate to break it to you, but it's
going on Scorpio, it's going to
blow it out of the water compared to the PS4
only because of the hardware that's
underneath it. Well, I have to ask this
because you made me think about something I've been
reading a lot about today. And again,
it's in the rumor camp very
firmly, but there's rumors
out there that PlayStation 5
is going to be 2018,
which seems
really early, but then
the way this kind of broke it down
is that there were six years
between PS1 and 2, six years
between 2 and 3, seven years
between 3 and 4,
but three needed time to
kind of catch on,
right? Three needed the extra year to catch up.
And then
this will be five years
if it comes out in 2018.
So it's not that far
off, but I can't help but feel
like that seems fast. I still think it's
pretty early into the consoles.
Well, let me tell you.
If they do announce
a PS5 between now
and December 2018,
I'll say it.
Sony's lost. They're playing a catch-up
game. They're starting to realize
we may have fucked up with the 4,
so we gotta catch up.
There is no reason to release a newer
console at that time.
You know? The most
they could probably do is up the processor
and up the graphics chip.
And at that point,
the games will probably look still wanting
to say. I'm not sure I
totally agree with you on that,
because Sony is
still selling very well. I don't think
there's really an oh shit moment, but I think
if there's anything oh shit in this,
it's that, oh,
Microsoft is gonna whip out the
teraflops with Scorpio,
so we need to put out PlayStation
5 to basically match Scorpio.
And if they do that, what
was the point of the PS4 Pro in the
first place?
And that's where I agree
with you. Yeah. In that case,
if that's what they're going to do, the original
PS4 is gonna get phased out, and they're
gonna relabel the Pro as the 4.
Remember, I mean,
if you look at what Sony has done with
their hardware, I mean, it
wouldn't surprise me if they do this.
I mean, we'll see. Again,
it's a little tinfoil
to fetish this PlayStation 5 stuff.
I still feel like there's a long life left
for PlayStation 4, especially if
5 is backwards compatible
with PlayStation 4, and that's the other way
I could see them doing it, is if
4 is 100% backwards compatible
with 5, so 5 is
really the Pro Pro,
the Pro Plus. What's
gonna end up happening is the Pro is gonna be a wash.
Or, what Rahm is saying is that
Pro is now the 4, and
that just kind of will happen
quietly. But,
the only real advantages are the 4K
things that, again, I think are really
subtle, but anyway,
I think we're getting ahead of ourselves.
I mean, we're trying to forecast 2018,
and we haven't even hit 2017's
E3 yet to really
truly know what Scorpio is.
Yeah, and
speaking of E3, yeah, go on.
No, go ahead.
I was gonna say, speaking of E3 2017,
is it wrong of me
to be smirky at some of my
friends who are excited about going to E3
for the very first time?
Eh, don't shit on their parade.
I don't say it, I just keep it to myself
because I know people who are going to
a con I'm going to, and then they're flying
out for E3, and I'm just like,
well, I guess
you'll have to discover how it really
is, you know? Because I just go back from
O-L-R
and we all tell me about E3, and I'm
just like, you know what?
There's no reason for me to go.
To be fair, the ESA
knows they've opened it up to the public
essentially this year. I think the show
will look different from the same
show that Dark Soccer, myself, and Loki
have attended in the past, and for
those reasons, those people may have
a very different experience than what
our experience has been with E3.
Only time will tell.
True, true that.
Alright, well,
Rama, I'm gonna let you go to try to squeeze in another call or two,
and we're gonna wrap up, but thanks so much for your call, buddy. I appreciate it.
Ain't no problem, dude. Alright, later.
Later. Alright,
Orange Launch Radio, all one word on Skype,
if you want to give us a call. Meanwhile,
Loki, did you have any last minute stories you want to get out there?
Or Dark Soccer, if you have anything. Yeah, I was gonna mention that
the PlayStation 4 has hit
60 million units sold.
That was 20
million of which were last year.
Also, the PlayStation 3 is
closing in on 80 million
sold. That means
4 is probably gonna sell more in its lifeline
than the 3 did. Yeah.
When all is said and done, because keep in mind,
even if they do announce the PlayStation
5 in 2018, that's still another
like, two
years of PS4 sales,
and it's still, they're still, still, still
sell 4's as a quote-unquote
budget con, I can't believe I'm talking this far ahead,
but this is what happens, they'll still sell the 4's
as a quote-unquote budget console for a good
first two years of the 5's life.
Yeah, so it'll be nice when PlayStation
5 comes out and my fucking PlayStation
VR doesn't work with it.
Well, hold on, hold on.
We don't know anything about that yet.
Alright, last chance to get in you guys, Orange
Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype
if you want to call it. It had a nice run all one of
two years, one or two years, not
even this point. Will's
E3, E3's coming, you don't know
what they're gonna announce. We never got that Final Fantasy
XV experience yet on VR.
It feels like there's things coming. Still haven't finished
that game either. I need to do the
Radio DLC, I still haven't got around to it.
And I still haven't played the result either.
Time to get
caught up. Alright.
Anything other, any other last minute stories
you want to mention, Logie? That's it.
I have an announcement.
Yes? I want pie.
Oh, that's a great announcement, thank you Dark Slacker.
That's a great announcement. I think that I should have
pie. If pie is what you want,
pie is what you should get. You should get a pie shake.
There's a
cafe near my work that makes pie
shakes. Pie shakes. That's what they do, they
blend up a piece of pie, make it as a shake.
Does my pie shake bring all the boys
to the... No, they need to get out of my yard
unless they're gonna do the yard work.
Alright.
Well, it's being quiet on our phone lines, so I guess
that is going to be it. So we're gonna
shut it down on the Skype line.
If you want to send
us your thoughts after the show, participate
at orangelandrader.com or you can always
tweet us as well, twitter.com
slash o-l-r. But that is gonna wrap us
up for another night here at Orange Lounge Radio.
But we couldn't say good night
until I plug quickly
nice reviews on iTunes
just like I did earlier, so I'll make it quick.
A nice five star review goes a long way.
You know, if you liked what you heard here at OLR,
we don't take your money for doing the show.
Just help us spread the word. Word of mouth is a great thing.
We had some new people tuning in tonight
thanks to our interview. So thanks to Zircon
for being here, first and foremost.
And thanks to those of you guys that stopped and checked out
OLR, thanks to that. Or just because
maybe when you saw the tweets at OC
Remix or something, you were like, that show's still fucking
on and you checked us out.
Once
every other month or so, I get a tweet that's
like, you guys are still going.
Yeah, yeah, we're here. So anyway,
thank you, whether it's your first show or your
600th show, we appreciate it all the
same. Thanks for being here.
We gotta go around and get everybody's final
thought for the night. I'll
start and I'll just say
I am ready to be 100% done with
this sickness because although I do feel a lot better,
certainly better than I did last Sunday,
I would still say I'm only like 96%.
I want to be 100% over this
damn cold. Done.
And I don't like the pills I take because they make my head feel like
it's on fire.
I don't like feeling like I'm on fire.
DarkSocker, your final thought for the night.
I hate allergies. Hate,
hate, hate, hate.
With every fiber of
my being.
But, on the
plus side.
No, there's no plus side to it.
I hate it.
Alright, and last but not least,
Loki, your final thought. My final
thought is that
I was gonna 3D print something
larger, like
they have this switch holder thing that you can get.
You can plug in the two switch halves into it.
That's a little bit different. I was gonna print that for you,
but it didn't want to slice it today,
so I couldn't even
try to print it. Is that printer working well for you though?
It's working okay.
I've already broken
the hotbed on it because I tore
up a piece of the cover that was on there,
so I need to put something else on it right now.
I've taped over it, but
I was in the process of
putting a part cooling fan
on there, so I finally printed the shroud for it,
so I just have to wire that up and then
get the auto-leveling
working. I have to reflash
the firmware and stuff.
I just haven't gotten around to it
because I had been playing with that printer for about
four of the five days
during the week, and I was like, okay, I've got to take a break from it.
When are you going to 3D print me?
I want Rob Roberts action figures.
I'd have to get a 3D model of you to do that.
Alright. Awesome.
And then, I mean,
then we can do it. Mini me.
I think they have phone apps
that sort of do 3D models
with multiple stuff, so
we can try. Awesome.
We're gonna clone me on a 3D printer.
That'd be awesome.
Alright.
Anyway, that's gonna do it for another episode
of Orange Lounge Radio. Thank you guys so much for tuning in.
We will be back next week to do it
all over again. Until
then, have a great week and happy gaming. Bye.
The views and opinions
expressed in this program
do not necessarily reflect those of the
staff of Orange Lounge Radio
or VOG Network, but you know
they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thanks for watching.
