Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki!
Tonight we talk indie gaming with our friends from the Sacramento IGBA as well as discuss big moves in the gaming industry this week as you all gear up for Persona 5 on another week with a show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight with our 682nd episode for this April the 2nd of 2017 and that's no joke.
My name is Rob Roberts here with you in studio as always.
Look, April Fools was yesterday. I am playing with y'all today. We got too big a show tonight to be doing any jokes.
If only people were as cautious every day as they are on April Fools Day.
Hello Calamity Jamie. Welcome to the show. Remember that's my new favorite name for you.
God.
DarkSakura or Jamie Summers or Calamity Jamie. How are you?
Ugh.
It makes me think. It's not only just the Ganon thing but I also think of like Calamity Jane like the Wild West sort of thing.
Like she's an outlaw who don't give a fuck. Like that whole type of thing. So I think it's fitting.
And you need cowboy boots.
No.
Alright. How are you though otherwise?
I haven't owned a pair of cowboy boots since I was 10.
Are you feeling better?
I am but it might be drugs. No I'm serious.
Legal. Legal. Legal. Prescribed.
Drugs are bad.
Hi Gabe.
No they're good drugs.
We'll get to you in a minute.
I'm on good drugs.
He can't help himself.
I got a shot in the hip of Toradol.
What is that?
It's like ibuprofen but liquid and it lasts for a couple of days.
So it's kind of nice just not hurting for a little while.
But I also don't know if I passed the kidney stone or not.
I would think it would be pretty obvious.
I think it would be obvious and I still have the other non-painful symptoms so whatever.
Alright well hopefully you are.
It's like I can't get a break.
Hopefully this all passes quickly.
Cause I'm still on round. Oh jeez Rob.
That was a pun.
No more cookies for you.
Alright.
I'm gonna take this peeps back.
Not here tonight.
Tech master Loki.
There was a medical issue in Loki's family just a couple hours ago.
I'm told that it's not like I'm probably making it sound way more serious than it is.
But they just you know he had to go take care of business.
He's actually watching the kids right now cause Nellie had to go take care of the other business.
So just thoughts with everybody that everything's going okay.
But we do have to be a little more impromptu tonight.
Cause we actually we have our whole little show thing ready for Loki to be here.
And unfortunately he couldn't be here obviously for those obvious reasons.
So people need.
What is the curse of Orange Launch Radio this year?
Jesus do you guys.
I don't know if you know this.
My mom had surgery this week.
She had a knee replacement surgery on Wednesday.
How's she recovering?
She's fine.
I just went and saw her today.
So she's good.
But she was asking.
I don't know why she asked me about this.
She was asking about Richard Simmons.
Because Richard Simmons.
There was an article about.
Yeah it's in People right.
And so my mom.
That's the person that's still subscribing to People Magazine is my mom.
So she was asking about the podcast.
So I actually got out her iPad mini and I subscribed to missing Richard Simmons.
On her iPad.
By the way I want to point something else out.
My mother was not subscribed to Orange Launch Radio.
So you know I subscribed her to that too.
Even though I don't know if she should be hearing this but.
Hi Rob's mom.
Hi.
Hope you're feeling better.
I still think we should call my mom sometime.
We should.
We have before.
It's been years.
Yeah.
Once.
And then she said told the story about condensation.
Oh my God.
All right.
Do you remember what episode number that was?
Because.
I don't remember what episode number this one is.
682.
682.
OK.
Whatever.
All right.
Anyway.
So not here tonight.
Techmaster Loki.
We'll see him in a couple of weeks.
We're actually not going to be here live next week.
Because we're going to be very busy on Saturday.
And that's thanks to our special in-studio guests.
I want to welcome back to the show some old friends now of Orange Launch Radio.
They've been here enough times that we can call them old friends.
Friends of the show.
Duh.
Say hello to Gabe from Sacramento IGDA.
Ladies first.
Oh and his partner in business crime.
Bree.
Hi.
Hi.
Except everything is legal.
There's no actual crimes being committed.
Just to be clear.
Allegedly.
That we know of.
That we know of.
All right.
And crickets enter the room.
All right.
So.
Sacramento IGDA.
You guys are putting on this big event in West Sacramento.
This coming Saturday.
Give us the elevator pitch.
The 60 second pitch that I'm sure you've had to give 5,000 times this week.
Mister, my dad said he saw you on Good Day Sacramento.
And all this stuff.
By the way.
That was another thing.
Oh I saw some guy on Good Day Sacramento.
I don't remember his name but he was talking about this indie game thing.
If it was a guy it was Gabe.
If it was a gal it was Bree.
It was one of them.
So.
Give us the 60 second pitch you've been giving all over the town.
Oh.
There's no.
There's never consistency with my message.
It's just.
It comes down to one thing.
This is our fourth annual event.
And it is.
Sac and the Arcade is a celebration of independent game development here in Sacramento.
And really spreading wildly throughout the region, the valley.
And beyond that.
And it is.
The core purpose of the second arcade is essentially.
You're gonna play.
You're gonna learn.
And you're gonna be inspired.
By what you.
You know from both playing and learning.
The idea here is that we don't have a job market here.
We didn't have a job market for game development period.
EA is here.
We don't know what they're doing.
And they're not making an impact at all within our community.
And that's fine.
It's all secrets.
Of course.
It's all secrets.
It's one brick wall with windows and they're outside an alleged pizzeria.
Next door to the gay bar.
Right.
True story.
True story.
Yeah.
Right next door to faces.
Next door to faces.
So that's convenient.
We camped out right by that building.
I didn't even realize it was their building until I went back to my car when I was there
for the Sacramento Rainbow Festival.
I thought we tried to take pictures with the shepherd that was in the window at one point.
They used to have a commander shepherd cut out.
Was that you?
Maybe it was Shane.
That wasn't me.
It might have been Shane.
Oh, cause I look so much like Shane.
You Mass Effect fanboys are all the same.
Yeah.
Mass Effect.
Anyway.
So the idea is that, and of course with due respect to EA, thank you for Unravel.
We appreciate it.
But we still don't.
Well thank you for being in Sacramento.
Yeah.
Thank you for being in Sacramento.
Even if y'all are bunkered in there and we don't know what y'all are doing.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Seriously.
But either way, you probably have to pay DLC to go in the front door.
So but I digress.
Anyway so.
Don't burn your bridges yet.
Where's the shade sound Rob?
Oh, where's my shade button?
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
No.
But seriously.
I didn't think I'd need it with Gabe here.
No.
No.
I'm so sorry.
Now I mean all half jokes aside.
The idea here is that we're creating, we've created, we're nurturing and strengthening
and empowering this community to feel like that their dream can come true.
Their idea can become something more.
And it's gonna get played by your local neighbor.
And then some.
And we, you know, again, we're approaching the fourth year of it and it has been incredible.
I'm already more nervous than excited about the turnout for this this weekend because
I've already seen numbers and oh my God.
So yeah, it's.
But that's the good.
No, no.
It's great.
How are these people going to fucking fit?
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's yeah.
Yeah.
Pretty.
Yeah.
Pretty much so.
Yeah.
But that but that's what we're here for.
You know.
And every time we're going to have the there's going to be a cafe in the venue so you'd be
able to buy stuff.
Oh, I just met I just met with the food charge.
You get people outside.
Oh, that's true.
BlizzCon did that a while ago and it was really good for them because it gets people outside
and you know.
Well, that's true.
Yeah, that's true, too.
But I remember hoofing it to the subway across the street last year.
Oh, yeah.
You still have those options.
But yeah.
So but that's essentially what what second the arcade is all about.
And it's been it's defined by our people.
It's not defined by me.
It's not defined by Brianna.
It's you know, we we we host, you know, we we come up with with ways to keep improving
on how we did the year before and, you know, continuous outreach.
But it is defined by the people that come through.
It is absolutely defined by Dark Sakura or we will all face a reign of terror.
That's really what it.
No, I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
All right.
But no.
When you when you say and I want the audience to know this and I realize that our audience
is not like we maybe like two percent of our listeners are in Sacramento.
Like if that like most of our listeners, we have listeners in Japan.
We have listeners in Australia with Canada.
So not everybody's going to be able to attend this event.
All that.
Yes.
Of course.
We have listeners in Belgium.
How could I forget the chocolate?
How could I forget?
But anyway.
So, you know, luckily, we'll be able to do the virtual thing and, you know, bring some
to you.
So although if you are like anywhere, like you're within 100 miles, Sacramento, you really
should be trying to come here in person.
And they are there.
We are actually we actually are going to have some out of staters again this time.
In fact, we we got hit with some international game developer submissions as well.
Yeah.
We got was that we're we got hit with some international game developers as well.
Mexico.
No, I mean, like Singapore.
Oh, my God.
Singapore, the UAE, Australia, Italy, Italy, Russia.
Yeah.
We got.
Yeah.
So I mean, they actually show up and that's another thing.
But the fact that they even heard how they heard about us is beyond me.
But but but somewhere.
Yeah, indeed.
But yeah.
You know, we're just spreading out loud like wildfire.
So but now again, you know, I mentioned Breed and, you know, her her two cents in this.
So, you know, it's Breed why don't you share your thoughts on on this expand.
Thanks, partner.
Welcome.
I'd like to say, you know, with you touching on your international audience, we are proud
to say I think we've established that we are California's capital city that has their
very first video game event to be proud of because California is the fifth largest economy
in the world.
Why didn't Sacramento have something like that already established?
So thanks to Orange Challenge Radio for helping us grow and setting a precedence here.
We are able to say that we've had international game studios submit and then figure out that,
oh, they're in Sacramento.
It's kind of close to San Francisco.
Like, should we come up?
Oh, my God.
Heck, I just it.
It's just a natural fit.
India and India is just a natural fit.
We're so happy to be involved because I think we've been able to really see the growth.
It's kind of like you said, like for a long time, you just kind of thought like, oh, EA
has an office here, even though we're not sure what they do.
But otherwise, like you don't really see a lot of the game development in Sacramento.
But now it's like, you know, especially in large parts of this event, it's like, wow,
you really see the passion that not just this community has, but you know, what's spilling
in from the Bay Area, what's coming up from San Diego and all this, you know, our neighbors
as well.
Sacramento is a very central city.
After all, this city was founded on the railroads, right?
It was a big part of it.
It was a very central kind of thing, but we're not a cow town, we're not a cow town.
And gold.
That's Vacaville.
Literally.
Yes.
I have to acknowledge our chat room as well over at live.vognetwork.com.
Hi chat room.
We do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com, vognetwork.com.
It's six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And if you are listening live, head on over to live.vognetwork.com where they're talking
about choc, choco tacos and is this something you did?
No, no, no, no.
Well, I just said choco taco, but act-deaf reminded us of Mexico.
Yeah.
Oh yes.
We have a listener in Mexico right now.
And the tacos are better than chocolate.
Yes.
And so my response was no, no, choco taco.
JD, our pal who lives in the San Francisco area says, I'm looking forward to going to
IGDA.
Yay.
It's my first one.
He's coming.
He's coming for that.
Yup.
We welcome you.
Thank you, JD.
Is your last name Phoenix?
I don't think it is.
Oh my God.
I know JD and I don't think it is.
If it is, we, we, you need to be my friend.
So he can be your friend anyway though, right?
I'll be Carmine.
Uh, let's see.
Going to some other comments from our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Raginator says question for Gabe and Brie, which, but this question is from Raginator.
So which do you think will happen first Half Life 3 getting released or Loki finishing
a game?
Ooh, even I know the answer to that because I was looking forward to kind of busting his
balls.
Yeah.
That's kind of why, you know, I mean, I'm like three confirmed folks love you.
Love you.
I'm sure we're not going to get through an episode without this, so I'll just keep that
handy.
Yes.
Anyway.
Well, wait, hold on, mister.
Where's Crumple?
Um, it's almost done.
Crumple's almost finished.
Do we have that almost done back when you were here in February?
Yeah.
And it's almost, it's only one other guy and myself.
It's being polished.
With a lot of flax.
Okay.
I got, I got to give you a little shit.
What's the status of Crumple?
So it'll be wax paper?
Will I, will I get to play Crumple?
Um, I cannot confirm or deny that as a matter of fact, we're not even going to go there
just yet.
Jesus Lord.
I can't keep anything a secret.
Well done on that.
Anyway.
So no, no, no.
I'm saying, no, that was great.
That was a wild coincidental guest and we're not going to talk about that idea for episode
three.
Anyway.
You're going to have to sign an NDA first.
No.
That's the show after the show.
So Crumple is almost done.
And by almost done, I mean 97% done.
We're fine.
We're fine tuning the ending and then the ending's almost done.
I got to look at it earlier this week.
It is beautiful.
In the message that it's, that I was hoping for it to convey and, and I, and I hope, I
hope it made, I showed, I showed her, I showed Brianna and she really liked it a lot.
So, but there's more, there's been more since then.
And yeah, so we're, we're almost there.
We're almost there.
We're hoping this month will finally be it and, and we're already developing episode
two.
And yeah, so, but you can pre-order now.
You can pre-order right.
You still can pre-order.
Go on my Twitter.
It's on there and on my pin tweet and yeah, it's pre-orders a buck.
When it goes on sale will be two.
Nice.
And nascent games on Twitter, right?
Nascent games.
Yeah.
At nascent games.
You can see gameplay of it right now, just in case, for those who have no idea what we're
even talking about, nascentgames.net.
And you can see gameplay immediately of Crumple.
Wasn't there a demo on itch.io or is that not there anymore?
I think the old demo is still on, on, on, on, but it's not, it's an old demo.
Yeah.
The, the, the, the most up to the final demos are on Newgrounds.
You can go, you can play on through your browser on Newgrounds or you can download it on GameJolt.
Okay.
So yeah, we're hoping to get it released on those sites, the full game and as well as
congregate.
Um, and then a couple other spots, so.
Or get your butt to West Sacramento on Saturday.
Yeah.
Come next Saturday.
You can play there.
So play it there.
Absolutely.
Excited for you.
So I had to give you a little bit of crap on that.
Totally.
Okay.
You're not.
All right.
Okay.
Um, okay.
So, so when you talk about this whole like play, learn, inspire, like I know sometimes
people come here to promote their stuff with their taglines and a lot of us go, okay, yeah,
sure.
Cheesy.
But you guys like, no, seriously, like, I really think that is a great way to describe
the event because I have to admit, even from my perspective, you know, the very first year
we didn't get to do, we, we hadn't met yet.
We were connected the very, very first year, but we got to do this event with you guys
the second year.
And I remember, you know, I was kind of going into it going, okay, well, this is cool.
It's gonna be like a local thing.
And I saw the list of speakers and I was like, okay, well, I don't, I don't really know any
of these people.
They're local.
I'm like, I'm not really gonna expect much, whatever will be interesting.
But I was, I was like really blown away by like the quality of speakers that you guys
been drawing to the event.
Not just that year, you guys had a great set of people last year as well, which was even
great networking to meet people like Kat and Michelle and some of the people we had last
year.
Absolutely.
Um, you know, you, you guys, I think really have brought that inspiration and like thinking
stuff.
And I'm really happy that through VOG, we can kind of bring that to you guys virtually
a little bit.
I know some of you guys have heard it, uh, in chat that, you know, we're listening here
the past couple of years, but, um, maybe I'll pick on Bree a little more here.
Um, what, tell us a little bit about the speakers you guys have lined up for this year.
What we're going to hear about this year.
So we're really proud of the lineup that, um, Gabe has really, you know, spearheaded
and putting together.
We try to be conscious of, you know, making it diverse.
Um, obviously we have some ladies who will be attending.
Michelle Hill will be our keynote speaker.
She is originally from Rancho Cordova.
She now works at two K games out in the Bay area over the last 12 months.
She has come back and poured into our community, mentoring our developers, um, really pouring
her heart into it.
And we appreciate her so much for that.
Yeah.
She's really cool.
I met, I got met her and got to talk with her last year.
She's great.
She's great.
Yes.
And she's grown as well.
Um, her first time speaking in public was last year at the 2016 second year arcade.
Just a few weeks ago, she spoke at the game developers conference in San Francisco.
That's up on YouTube and in the vault.
If you guys want to check that out, but you gave her her big break.
We gave her her big break.
We did.
And how it happened to this day, we laugh about how it even happened to begin with.
She just happened to email us through the website on the contact form.
I thought she was fake.
So cause I'm looking her up on LinkedIn.
I'm like, you're, you can't, someone, not some, nobody from two K games is seriously
going to know about who we are.
I remember telling Brie, like Brie, someone from two K games just messaged us.
She's gotta be a fake.
And it turns out, Oh my God, no, she's not.
She ends up being a speaker last year, as Brianna said, and, and which is why it's like
the amount of support just out of nowhere.
She came, she came from the heavens and just help and has just helped us out from just
continuing to educate our community.
It's been wonderful.
Absolutely wonderful.
So yeah, hometown girls coming back.
We also have the co-founder of Code for Hood, Alana Jennings.
She works with youth that may not have much exposure to STEM programs like game development.
She's going to be doing a presentation on what her organization has done.
They also want a big grant from the city of Sacramento to help accelerate their program.
So we're really proud to feature her.
We have people from the United States Patent and Trademark Office because this is the one
I'm looking forward to the most.
I am.
No, this is, we don't talk about this crap enough.
I say that lovingly, but you know what I mean?
Like you're right, but, but it becomes like that thing.
Like when you're designing a game and stuff for these issues, these legal issues you get
into the, you're probably not even thinking of in the beginning of it.
I am really interested in this.
This is a part of like game development that I think we don't ever like think about or
talk about enough.
So.
Right.
And that's one thing Gabe and I try to impress upon our community here is, you know, we want
our developers to be successful.
We want to help them grow smart and to build a strong foundation so that they're not a,
you know, fly by night entity, if you will.
So that's why we incorporate the business serious side with the United States Patent
and Trademark Office.
But I just, I just have to drop this here because you'll get a kick out of this, Bree.
Our pal Bobby Blackwell, who does the show before us here at VOG, he's actually mentioning
in chat.
I got to meet Kat, who was one of the speakers last year in Atlanta last year.
And I was like, did you name drop?
He's like, of course I did.
She's like, I know OLR, she's recognized, so there, yeah, so there you go through some
of this whole networking thing.
Beautiful.
Creates contacts in other places.
We're also going to have now, unfortunately, we don't get to do this part on VOG because
it's music.
But if you're going to be there in person, you guys you guys got like, I mean, your musicians
in the past have been great, but you got one that like people are are going to know this
year, right?
Yeah.
Thanks to Rockage on this one.
They you know, we were you know, we were actively looking for somebody and, you know, we try
to highlight just one good person, you know, to to, you know, just, you know, be a part
of the vibe, enhance, further enhance the vibe, you know, at our event.
And yeah, we have we have I didn't even know this either until after way afterwards.
Ben Prunty, Prunty, I don't want to say prune like prunty.
But anyway, so Ben Prunty, he is actually the guy that made the music for FTL.
So which is insanity.
And I freaked out completely.
I was like, oh, my goodness.
And yeah, so it was it was a big deal to have him a part of this of this event this time
around.
And we are eternally grateful for it.
And I think this will be his second live show, I think, because this first one was Rockage
just a month and a half about a month and a half ago.
So this will be a second.
But his first time in Sacramento.
So yeah, this will be this is going to be big.
And y'all may think you haven't heard of him, but you have because that Humble Freedom Bundle
that just was out not that long ago, FTL was in that, right?
Was the soundtrack in that too?
I remember.
I want to say yes, but I might be off somebody in chat.
That's that's what the great thing about having a chat room is we get live fact checking because
if we screw up, like that's an alternative fact, Rob, that's not at least someone's fact
checking.
In general.
Take a shot.
All right.
Black Wolf in chat says FTL is usually in bundles.
So you most likely have it at some point in the game is, you know, it's a very well known
indie game.
So that's great.
That's gonna be cool that you have that.
And hopefully I'll be able to slip him a business card to get him on our show, if not for a
performance to at least talk about the music a little bit.
So I'll be cool.
It's all about networking.
Yes.
You know, the Sacramento shows us in the game back game bang.
I can't say their name five times fast, those guys, but video game, game, game, game, game,
game, bang.
I can't fucking do it.
VGB.
VGB.
I like that.
So us and VGB are going to be circling like cocks.
Come on the show, come on the show.
And hey, it's all good.
Those guys are awesome, too.
And I'm sure we'll have all the same guests, but we're going to both have fun.
It'll be good.
Excellent.
Excellent.
Um, I'm still looking forward to the event.
Um, what, what, um, have you, have you tried to do anything to this for either of you that
want to answer it?
Have you tried to do anything different this year compared to last year or you kind of
like after last year show, you're like, okay, this formula, like this worked well, so we're
going to kind of roll with it again.
Like we got it.
We got a template now.
Yeah.
Bree
we really want to make it like a Disney freaking experience.
It's supposed to be an interactive day, right?
And you know, we're, we don't have any sponsors, but I'm working with the resources that I
have to make it feel like people are watching, walking into an actual arcade.
You're going to have the sounds and the feel and the looks and we just want it all encompassing.
Oh, this is why you guys were there setting up the art.
Or am I supposed to say that you guys are no, no, you can, no, you totally tweeted it.
I can say it's out there.
You were setting up the art gallery stuff there, which I don't remember that last year.
That's new.
This is brand new.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I like that.
So you're taking a Disney approach because one thing that separates Disneyland from like,
I don't know, um, Marine world is that, um, when you go on like Indiana Jones, right,
you're even, you're standing in the line and you can like shake the pole and the rope that
the guy will fall from, right?
Like everything around is an experience.
Whereas like at Marine world, it's like, okay, you're going to go on the Superman roller
coaster and there's literally nothing Superman about it except for the screams of pure terror
that you hear coming from the ride.
That's really it.
Um, practically hear that on the drive going there.
She's on I 80, you know, no, no disrespect to Marine world, but that's something that
Disney does very well.
Right.
So I like that approach.
So you want, you're gonna, you're gonna create that environment more this year.
Definitely very cool.
Very cool.
I'm so excited to be a part of it.
And that's just one aspect.
Yeah.
One.
That's one.
Yeah.
So you guys don't just have indie games.
I mean, I don't know how you cram this all in that space, but you do.
You don't just have any games.
You're going to have like retrospectives and stuff too.
Huh?
Yes.
Pretty much.
Yeah.
We're going to be, I'm going to let Brie laugh that one off, but, um, the, the idea here
is, is that, um, yeah, we, one thing we, one thing we, um, the gallery is one thing that
we're incorporating for this, for this new event.
Um, and we're super, super excited and very grateful to the community center for, you
know, for that addition.
Um, and, uh, if you happen to be in West Sac, stop by it.
The art's on display all week, so be sure to go by there.
Check that out.
Um, you know, but we, well, there's a few things we weren't successful with because
of the timing of such.
We're hoping to incorporate that for next year.
Um, but yeah, indie developers, both video, VR and board and tabletop.
Um, and then, um, we'll, we will also, you know, again, we talked about the speakers
and the panelists as well.
Uh, additional game tournaments.
We're going to have a speed runner this time.
Um, yeah, he's a pretty significant speed runner and uh, yeah, yeah.
Thanks to console cadence and them for that.
So you have console Cade, you have Atari party parties coming back.
Absolutely.
That's, that's an absolute must.
So that's a touch part of the vault Dan brings, Dan brings 52 hundreds, by the way, our chatters
running away with this Disney thing, by the way, uh, dungeon buster says walking into
an actual arcade.
I like this approach.
Uh, Bobby Black Wolf is asking, can I go ahead and register my fast passes?
Is a season pass to sack in the arcade a thousand dollars?
We're going to incorporate that on our Indiegogo campaign for 2018.
Thank you for that suggestion.
Will I have the music playing in line stuck in my head?
Will it be a world of laughter and a world of tears?
In a world of hope and a world of fear.
This is already a world of pain.
Seriously.
Yes.
Thank you.
Yeah.
JD is following that up.
One thing that separates them is about $50 in admission.
There you go.
That's right.
That's actually very $10.
That's right.
Will there be speakers hidden inside rocks?
We can arrange that.
Don't go looking.
Let's just leave it that way.
Don't go look.
Yeah.
We got a funny fucking bunch.
These people are funny as shit.
Oh, you nerds.
We should have a two drink minimum here.
Seriously.
The voice of geeks network.
They come out.
They come out in force.
All them funny geeks all over.
It's probably a bad segue then for me to talk about the charitable organizations that'll
be there.
No, let's.
Come on.
It's all about doing some good.
We can laugh and throw shade and stuff as long as we know at the end of the day we're
doing good.
Yeah, right.
We're making a positive impact.
Absolutely.
The Sacramento Guild for Extra Life is also going to be on site.
They're going to be hanging out with our Street Fighter tournament.
And we also have a new organization that we're welcoming called the Gamers Gift.
And they're based out of UC Davis college students who take VR consoles and video games
to senior care facilities and children's hospitals.
And they basically try to, you know, help liven up the atmosphere there and bring the
adventure to them.
That's like when you used to hear about the Nintendo Wiis.
The Wii Sports Bowling were at all the senior care facilities and stuff to get more seniors
into gaming.
But I didn't even think of VR as something that could do that.
That's really cool.
I see Bobby Blackwell sitting up in his chair out there somewhere.
He's our big VR guy on the network.
So people will get a chance to meet them and learn more about who they are and how they
can help their local organization too.
That's so cool.
I love that's a great idea.
I love that.
So yeah, we are we are not we are not just another convention.
We are.
We're really trying.
No, we are.
There's no trying.
We are.
We are standing out with with reference to the amount of folks we were trying to impact
both locally and beyond.
And you know, have substance in our event where it's not just a day, it's not just as
you mentioned earlier, a day of networking.
It's going to be an incredible day of networking.
But then from that point, the hope I have for this is that someone's going to walk in
there be a younger old and they're going to play something or they're going to hear they're
going to meet someone and they're going to say, I can and they're going to be and then
they're going to leave and they're going to find out how they're going to be able to utilize
that because I was that person five and a half years ago.
Or if they're Loki, they say, I will someday, eventually when I have time.
Push that shade button, sir.
Fantastic.
But yes, that's Loki.
We love you.
Damn it.
Get that game done already.
Which I would like to stop busting his balls for a second because we will have a game developer
panelist gentleman there who develops games with his kids.
And props to Loki for doing the family bit and being on the show and holding down the
day job.
But if others can do it, Loki can do it too.
So hopefully he takes notes during that panel.
I thought she was going to get sick of that fucking button by the end of the night.
I could have sworn she said, you know, let's not bust his balls and then just busted his
balls anyway.
That was the shade because I'm not going to do it directly, but I totally just did it.
But indirectly, I'm going to do it anyway.
Ninjas.
No.
We love Loki.
Come on.
And that's actually a good mention too because one of the speakers, our dear friend Steve
Whitney, he's going to be talking, one of his panels is going to be highlighting just
that.
The importance of parents and their children, you know, gaming and game developing together.
We're actually going to have a couple of game studios where it's actually parent and child
together and showing off their game.
One art piece in a gallery we received this past Friday, the poster is a great 80s style
poster of the game that they're working on, RC battle, RC car battle.
And the idea is that there's a kid with an old school retro style motorcycle helmet on
with holding a remote control and it happens to be a son and the game is actually a son's
idea.
Oh, cool.
It's just absolutely incredible.
I mean, I was so touched by that.
We actually had the pleasure of meeting them briefly.
It was fantastic.
So that's just an example of how we, you know, how in the arcade, SAC and the arcade is going
to continue to be different and forge its own path and not copy other paths.
We're going to forge our own path into creating something much more significant here.
Because as I said earlier in the show, there was no job market for game development period
here.
There just wasn't.
But now we do.
Now we have one and it's, and it's just getting better.
So well, okay.
If y'all are local, I don't know how to sell this shit to you anymore.
Like you aren't already planning on attending.
I really don't know what else I can say at this point.
So I hope you all are planning to be here to hang out with Gabe, to hang out with Bree
and us at VOG Network.
We will be upstairs in the little black box all day to work with the broadcast of the
actual panels so that if you can't be here live, you can at least check out some of the
panels.
Although I'll warn you, tech shit always happens, so it's not super reliable.
But if nothing else, we'll have it all taped and we're planning to rebroadcast it.
Hopefully WinOLR would usually be on the next night since we're not going to actually be
here the next night.
So that'll be an opportunity for folks to check that out if nothing else.
So we always have a plan B.
Always have a plan B.
Awesome.
So, yeah.
So we'll talk more, of course, about the event and what you guys are up to as we move on
throughout the show tonight.
But I do want to make sure we get to some of the other topics going on in gaming world
this week.
So let's move on and talk about, we'll get into gaming news in a moment here, but I want
to talk quickly about this because Dark Soccer, you weren't here last week because you had
the Kidney Stone thing going on.
And we got to hear a little bit from you on Skype about this, but I really got the sense
you didn't really get to dive into Mass Effect Andromeda until this week.
So I want to check in with you a little bit more about how the game is going because I
don't often listen to this show because I live it.
I don't need to listen to it again usually.
But I did kind of listen back to last week's show and in listening back, I was kind of
like, God, I might've been like a little harsh on the game because at the end of the day,
I'm still a fan of Mass Effect, but, and I know we use this scenario all the time and
y'all are sick of hearing this metaphor, but it's that whole Tyra Banks yelling at the
model thing because it's the things you care about the most that you're going to blow up
and yell at first.
And so I think kind of some of that was happening last week a little bit with Mass Effect because
Dark Soccer, I know you weren't here, but I got into a little bit about the lack of
the gay romances that were in it and some of that that was going on and well, because
there's only two and there's a trophy for three and you can't actually get the trophy
if you choose to play.
Yeah, you can.
No, you can't.
Because there's ladies and there's dudes and you can do lesbian and you can do Dark
Sakura.
You, I don't think, I don't know if you're understanding, but you, I can't just, if I
want to play a gay writer, I can't just suddenly say, oh, I'm going to sleep with a woman to
get the trophy.
Well, no, no, no, no.
I mean that you could play a female character and get a lesbian romance, but you see, you
see where the issue is, right?
I do.
I don't get that, but I think that there actually are more lesbian options.
Well, yes, and that's great for the gay ladies, but it's also kind of like, you know, it kind
of also, in my opinion, reinforces a trope that being a lesbian is more acceptable than
being gay, which I've had to deal with in my life, right?
And you know, anybody that's had to deal with that whole, well, if the two chicks are making
out that's hot, you know, that whole, it's that thing.
That's the only thing that bothers me about.
But anyway, I promised I wouldn't be negative this week, but just to recap, those are some
of the things we were talking about last week.
And then there was the whole...
Dude, I like Gil though.
The trans character was, was like, it was a little rough.
I think that they were, I wouldn't expect like a real trans person to use their dead
name.
But at the same time, I think it was just to bring out that this character does exist.
So maybe it was a poorly designed storytelling.
But at least they were trying to say that, yes, in the future, just like the present
trans people exist.
So, you know, that's...
The execution could have been better, but...
It's one of those...
Have you seen that picture?
I was pretty happy to see it.
Have you seen that picture on Tumblr of the star where it says, you tried, written in
Comic Sans?
Yeah.
That's kind of how I feel about it.
You tried.
Yeah.
So anyway, all that stuff aside, I want to check in a little bit on some of the pauses
because I got to say, I've spent a lot more time with the game this week and I, there
is a lot that I really, really, really do like about Andromeda.
Just like the story, I think what you really get into it, I think the story is really good.
I convinced a dude in Target to buy it.
Did you?
I pulled a Shane.
Yeah.
His powers were on low.
Well, Shane just beat the game today and obviously he won't tell me a lot because of spoilers,
but he said it will absolutely be his game of the year.
He doesn't understand the negativity going on at all.
He said some of the most gut wrenching decisions he's ever had to make in a BioWare game were
in this game.
And I've had that same moment.
There have definitely been decisions in this game where I'm like, I can't fucking choose.
This is too hard.
I don't know.
I may have looked at a couple of spoilers.
And what's tough about Andromeda this time is that, you know, in the Shepard Paragon
Renegade thing, it was a lot of decisions were very black and white.
You could be good guy or you could be bad guy basically.
But it was more like it wasn't bad guy so much as like being an asshole to get what
you want type of thing.
But in Andromeda, those lines are gone.
And so it's not always clear what the good guy option is.
And that's what makes the decisions a lot fucking harder.
I've been just aiming for whatever answers are professional when dealing with complete
strangers and then with dealing with the crew have been a little bit snarky.
Have you gone in to read your psychological profile?
No, not yet.
Oh, yeah.
You got to do that.
It's like a codex or journal when I don't forget which one it is and you actually select
yourself and Lexi actually is filling out as you go along a psychological profile on
you.
Cool.
And like the decisions you're making.
I adore Lexi.
Yeah.
So what are your what are your thoughts on the game?
What are your thoughts on Andromeda?
So far, I love Gil and I wish I could date him.
He makes me think of Alistair from Dragon Age.
So yeah, that's a that's a good comparison right there.
But Vetra is eternal space waifu although I am going for Jahl.
I can't believe Dark Sakura of all people.
No, seriously.
I saw like a Facebook post or something where she's like Vetra is my waifu forever heart
heart heart XOXO starry eyes.
I'm like Desu Desu?
What?
It wasn't like that.
I did a meme on Lol Effect.
Future space waifu.
I see.
Although I am going for Jahl this time around because I don't like the way that my writer
looks.
He gets the less than perfect one and Vetra gets the perfect one.
I love Jahl.
I love Jahl.
I love Jahl.
I love Jahl.
I love Jahl.
I love Jahl.
I love Jahl.
Oh yeah.
His voice purrs.
Yeah.
I there's like this big movement out there to like make Jahl.
Well, I mean, you can't make anyone bisexual, but it is a video game, but let the dudes
romance Jahl too, because to be fair, gay dudes have never got to bang an alien.
Like that's the one thing that the series has robbed us of is we haven't gotten to bang
an alien yet.
Although I don't think Asari count because Asari are technically monogendered.
True.
But this is also though, this is the first game that you get to bang an alien that's
not an Asari for, for a same sex pairing because you get Vetra.
Yep.
So, and um, one of the Angara as well, right?
No.
Oh, that's only heterosexual.
Yeah.
The, um, the Avalla who is the curator of the museum.
Okay.
She's the dude option.
Okay.
Okay.
Anyway though, back to the game itself.
I get motion sick.
It actually crashed my old graphics card, like hardcore.
I'm laughing because I know the punchline to this.
So I bought a new one.
More like, more like Dan bought a new one.
It's like, okay, I go into the room to go, you know, I fuss about my card, reboot the
game.
I go into the bedroom to kiss Dan.
Good night.
And then he's like, by the way, your card will be here tomorrow.
What?
So I got, we got a GTX 1060.
So good card.
Not the best, but pretty good.
That's really good.
Yeah.
That's what I have that.
Yeah.
That's good.
And I've been able to bump up all my settings and I actually did pop into wow for a little
bit too.
And it looks really nice.
So.
I have a somewhat similar story.
Just real quick aside is that, um, I actually wrote a tweet earlier this week where I said
something like, uh, I really want to hurry up and beat a mass effect Andromeda on PlayStation
four.
I kind of want to get it on PC though, so I can play multiplayer with my husband, but
I don't want to do it until I beat cause cause Alan's on PC.
I don't want to do it till I beat the PlayStation four version.
The next day you've received a gift on origin from Alan note, troll, lol, lol, lol, lol.
The one thing I'm mad about is cause I ordered it, I ordered mine through Amazon so I could
get the 20% off pre-order and they didn't have the deluxe one on there to pre-order.
So I'm going to have to buy it again when it goes on sale.
So I can get the other outfits and, uh, a pie Jack pet, AKA the monkey, then have all
the stuff.
So for those keeping track at home, I am now up to two copies of mass effect Andromeda
thanks to husbando.
So and the troll, lol, lol, lol.
So if now I just have to get a copy on Xbox one and I'll complete the trifecta for now.
So just, just for y'all keeping tabs at home, Rob's already up to two copies of mass effect
Andromeda.
Back to the actual review of the game.
Yes.
Okay.
And this is coming from me with some of my weird depth perception issues.
I do get motion sick on it whenever, um, I accelerate in the nomad, which by the way,
nomad much, much, much, much, much better than the Mako.
Oh yes.
Anything is better than the hammerhead.
Um, actually ATV mode for me is a lot easier than the non ATV mode because it's not moving
as fast, but boosting and jumping and normally jumping with the character too, because it
makes the screen jostle a little bit.
Yeah.
It, it will make me super motion sick.
So if I'm stuck in the nomad for a long time, I'll get motion sick.
So as for the animation issue, I, yeah, I did run into some of the dialogue problems
from the get-go.
Um, there's still a few glitchy things like one time, like it was in the, uh, the, the
cat ship part where you're talking the smuggler thing and the ship is turned upside down and
then it rotates and that made me so sick.
They got all, uh, mode seven on you from like super Nintendo that whole thing made
me so sick.
But there was this one thing where you're hearing the people talk on the speaker and
I swear my writer's head did the fucking owl thing.
She was looking right behind her head and I'm like, girl, so I screenshot that one cause
that's going to be a meme someday.
Um, but the story has been really good.
It had a kind of a slow buildup once you get into the meat of it, especially when you
deal with the Angara and I, and this is just a little thing for me.
This is actually why I liked fucking avatar of all things.
I like when you were presented with an alien race and they already have an established
culture, not just, Oh, here's this people and they kind of do this thing.
I like that their whole mythology has been built up, that their way of life has been
built up, that they are an established entity by the time you meet them instead of, Oh,
let's just put these people here.
Like in some games.
Yeah.
And Star Trek was always really good about this too.
Star Trek was always really good about that.
But I mean, that's the thing that really, I think is a mark of a good science fiction
if it's going to have aliens in it.
The aliens have to be established.
I really think that 10 hour preview was the worst thing EA could have done for the game.
I like looking back a little bit, especially about some of the tweets that came out about
it and so forth, because there is a slow buildup, not in the game, but when we say slow buildup,
I know the first thing everybody's going to say is like, well, Final Fantasy 13, it's
different.
When I say a slow buildup, I don't mean a slow buildup in the sense of the gameplay
or anything like that.
It's just the story takes a little bit of time before it really gets going, which if
you're coming off of a game like Mass Effect 3, where the first fucking thing that happens
in Mass Effect 3 is the town that you're in is getting shot the fuck up by Reapers, so
you hit the ground running.
Did they expect when you're playing 3 that you have already played the other series because
the first Mass Effect?
Right.
It was also a slow build up in a ways.
Yes it was.
It did jump you into the action right away, but you had no fucking clue what was going
on or what you were walking into.
And then you get introduced to the rest of the galaxy, you know, along with everything
else.
And I think that, I honestly think, and this goes back to another video I saw complaining
about how most, you see a lot of movies that are supposed to be like a not sequel, but
a re-imaging, even though they're in the series.
I kind of think that this one's trying to recapture the things that worked from the
first Mass Effect and took the gameplay aspects from the other Mass Effect games that did
work.
And so I think that it was a valiant effort and I truly do believe that it's paid off.
And as far as just visually, you know, now I am playing it as high as I can play it,
it's really, really, really fucking pretty.
It looks great on PC, now that I can say that.
Right now, well actually I left that planet, I went back to Eos.
I was on Havarl, which is one of the Angara planets.
And it's all this wildlife and overgrown.
That planet is gorgeous, yeah.
I've been there too.
That planet is gorgeous.
And the thing though is that it felt like walking through a heavily wooded area, especially
when you've got bugs that are hiding in the plants and, you know, things that can pop
just out of the trees.
If you've ever been in a dense forest or jungle situation or even in a swamp, which I have,
it's kind of like that though, where someone can just come right out of nowhere.
And so you get a little bit of suspense to it too.
You'll hear the sounds.
You always get an indicator of where enemies are showing up, but you still get those sounds
like what's shooting at me, where is it?
You know what else is really gorgeous is those vaults that you go into and especially again,
I don't want to spoiler, but the first escape sequence from a vault, that was a really
impressive sequence.
Oh my goodness.
Yes.
There's you see some of it in a trailer, so it's not really spoilery, but still to actually
play through that, like not only was it graphically, like really the demo, the vault was the demo
that they did before.
Oh yes, it was.
It was.
But did they do the escape sequence part of that?
No, they did the getting into it, but the whole area was the demo.
Yeah.
No, no.
I remember that the vault was that demo they did in the early YouTube, but the escape sequence
was right.
I think that was the moment or what the game really started to kick into.
Which is funny because that's where they cut it off at the end of the day in the time demo.
It's like seriously, so like for real, yeah, so, but yeah, absolute kudos to Mass Effect
Inquisition because that's what it feels like.
Yeah.
Now here's the other thing too is that every day I go and check Nexus mods because you
know it didn't take too long for them to have cracked the stuff for Dragon Age to do
those mods.
No, they didn't.
Nope.
And my biggest complaint is still the character creation.
They could have done exactly what Dragon Age did and have this fully tweakable customizable,
you know, where you pull X axis and Y axis to make things a certain size or to make it
move, but they had all these really terrible presets.
Even the guy presets were pretty terrible.
But they just like were dead set that if you don't play the default, you might be stuck
with a very, very homely looking character.
Can I ask a question about that?
And I want to get both of your opinions on this because there was some feedback based
on that character creation where some, again, this is just, you know, you take the internet
with a grain of salt.
But, you know, I found this particular argument a very striking argument.
The argument was that the reason for the character creation was so limited, if you will, was,
you know, because they said BioWare did that to prevent any sort of or minimize any sort
of backlash on any character that you can create that's too sexy, too pretty.
And I would love to know, I mean, I laughed when I saw that, but, you know, because, you
know, again, BioWare, you know, has been under this massive spotlight ever since the ending
of 3, as you mentioned earlier.
You get to cop out.
Yeah.
And I'll tell you why.
Because of Dad Writer.
He takes after the traits based on what physical traits, which of the basic presets that you
choose and modify, his ethnicity and eye color and some of his other physical traits
take directly from the choices that you pick in the character creator.
I think Dad Writer's the reason it's so limited.
That's my theory, too.
However, I think that maybe you should have the option of choosing an ethnicity preset
and then being able, instead of just having just the straight bar across, you can tweak
it in better ways.
And let's be real.
If you want to play writer with the biggest breasts in the galaxy, a modder is going to
bring that to you sooner rather than later.
So of course, if not already, ever was for Mass Effect 3 that made Shepard look a little
Lady Shepard look a little bit more buff because she's a fucking space marine.
Jamie's also one of those people where Lady Shepard is the only Shepard.
She was the first Shepard.
Remember that?
Dem Shep came first.
All right.
Anyway.
Awesome.
Quickly though, Gabe, since you've been playing as well, what are your thoughts on the game?
I agree with reference to the pacing of it.
And fortunately, I understood.
I came into this with the understanding of they're not going to relate at all to the
previous Mass Effect 3 games, even though they already have in a couple little tiny
ways, which is nice.
I mean, I think it's cool.
I too feel like there was a bit of a slow buildup with it.
But I think in this size of a game, you want to do that.
And I think it was still executed well.
I don't think it was executed perfectly.
Nothing ever necessarily is.
I mean, I think it could have been done a little bit better, but it's definitely not
the worst pacing issues I've ever seen when introducing a new universe.
As you mentioned, with that first vault, you first land on Eos and you start...
I already got that feeling like, oh my goodness, I remember how awesome it felt to explore
the planets.
And Eos just gave me that feeling, and graphically, even on Xbox One, it's just astounding.
So that's what I play it on.
But yeah, as you explored around and did your thing, very hard to stay focused on the amount
of crap that you have to do.
And that's something that turned me...
I don't want to say it turned me off, but it took me aback a little bit because I love
those games, Dragon Age, Inquisition, my favorite of all the Dragon Age games, all the three
Mass Effect's fantastic, but this new Mass Effect felt overwhelming.
It is what is slowing me down the most.
I shouldn't have that fucking game beat by now.
I feel like I have barely progressed.
And it's because all the worst elements of my gamer ADD kick in when it's like, I got
to go do this quest, but there's a shiny over here, but I got to scan this thing over there,
but there's a vault I got to do and a Sudoku puzzle.
It's totally Sudoku, isn't it?
It's totally Sudoku.
But I'll tell you what though, I have super loved all the distractions because you're
not necessarily timed on events in the game.
Thank goodness.
I didn't finish Eos, but I'm glad that I waited to finish Eos because when I came back, there
was more to do.
Yes.
And there was even, I had left it like a 75% viability.
Now I finished Vold, so I'd never have to fucking go there again.
That world has been- I hate Vold because it's cold.
Angry, angry, angry hoth is what- It's angry hoth.
That's exactly it.
And the mountain, I have driven my nomad over a mountain, over the mountain, that was kind
of fun.
Calamity Jamie makes her own fucking path.
Exactly.
Well, it's not like it wasn't the first Mass Effect where you were literally driving vertically.
Yeah, right.
So one problem is though, is that I have this series of memes on Mass Effecting.
It's called Shepherds Bad Driving.
And I'm starting a new one with- Well, you know, women drivers.
Hey.
She left the door wide fucking open.
Hit the shade button.
So anyway.
The following comments are not necessarily of the internet.
I'm going to be doing a sequel to that called Sarah's Nightmare Driving.
But it's hard to get the nomad in one of those weird positions like you could with the Mako.
So I'm having a really hard time for my blog.
But I did drive it completely over a mountain and that was pretty fun.
But the game- Climb every mountain.
The game overall is absolutely, I think it's an absolutely beautiful game and I'm looking
really forward to what comes next.
And I'm just happy to see some smartassery from the Krogan again.
That's great.
All right.
I got to move on past what Ziba and Chad is calling Orange Lounge Mass Effect Radio.
But hey, look, we've been waiting five years, five long years.
Jack is officially my new grandpa.
So you know, it's going to happen a little bit.
All right.
But let's talk about some other games as well.
We need to get into our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we've been playing
this week besides Mass Effect, if there have been any.
Dark Soccer, I'll check in with you first.
How was your gaming week?
Well, Mass Effect.
I also played a little bit of World of Warcraft, basically just long enough to download the
Tomb of Sargeras patch and see what my new card looks like.
It's pretty.
I have been- because I don't even know what it is, but I'm kind of getting back into some
of my cell phone gaming.
So I've been playing Bejeweled Stars, which is kind of stupid, but a fun little challenge.
Lots of Bust-A-Move.
Like I'm on Bust-A-Move marathon mode like you wouldn't believe.
My puzzle bobble, that's it.
And Pokemon Go, a bit here and there.
I evolved a whole bunch of stuff last week that was pretty fun.
Still doing Miitomo.
I don't really consider that a game, but it's kind of like fun dress up.
They just had these outfits that are all totally Tron-like, and it was pretty awesome.
And I guess really- oh yeah, Dan got Bomberman Zero.
Not Bomberman.
Blaster Master.
I'm sorry to hear it.
Oh, Blaster Master.
Blaster Master?
I said Bomberman.
Blaster Master.
He finished it.
The real ending.
Oh yeah?
He really likes it.
Yeah.
I think it's a- there was a smart time to put something like that out.
It doesn't really get lost in other Switch titles.
The only thing it's really competing against is Zelda, you know?
And Binding of Isaac.
Yeah, you know.
And so I think there's a lot of room for that game to really-
We got this on DS.
3DS.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
And it was just fine.
He really, really seemed to enjoy it.
And then we did finish Breath of the Wild.
And then, you know, I am disappointed because I would have liked for there to be like kind
of a second quest, except your second quest is to rebuild Hyrule.
But it's still a great game.
The true ending, I admit I got a little sniffly.
It was really great.
And I think for all of us who have for years done the Link Zelda ship, it has finally paid
off.
Okay, spoiler alert.
I didn't say-
I haven't beaten- I haven't beaten yet.
That's all.
There's nothing-
I didn't-
All right, all right.
That didn't spoil anything if you've ever looked at any of the memories.
Zelda's a princess?
What?
Fair enough.
All right.
Anything else for game week?
Um, no.
Let's check in with our guests.
Bree, I didn't get to hear from you during that whole Mass Effect thing.
I'm assuming you kind of sat that one out.
But what video games have you been just playing?
Oh, I have opinions on Mass Effect.
Do you?
Oh, please.
The chat room's not gonna like it.
Go for it.
Put them on blast.
I have chosen to block any conversation in my timelines regarding Mass Effect Andromeda.
There are certain aspects that this casual gamer does not agree with that are incorporated
in that game.
Ooh, what though?
I want to know.
That's for another show, my friend.
Oh, that's a nasty tease.
That is a nasty, nasty tease.
All right.
The whole sexual relations part is something I do not agree with.
Okay.
But again, if you'd like to have me back when we're not promoting SAC India Arcade, I'd be
happy to discuss that with your people.
We're gonna talk about-
We'll talk about alien banging on another episode.
Yes.
And maybe you can help me understand that.
I'll give you the short version.
It's in movies for a reason.
That's the short version.
We can get into it another time.
Yes.
All right.
So I will say you do have the ability to continue the relationship without the banging for some
of them.
And if you want to be completely non, not do any of it, you don't have to romance anybody.
Exactly.
And so I'll preface my next appearance on your show with when does it become crossing
the line in relationships when you're engaging in that kind of romance or hinting at it with
another player?
Oh, interesting.
All right.
We'll leave it at that.
We'll leave it at that for now.
I think that could be a fascinating topic for-
The chat room's going to go nuts.
But on this topic-
No, they're going to be like, finally, someone's pushing their buttons on Mass Effect.
They're going to be- Bobby's getting out of pinata right now.
Now he's really going to show up expecting his fast pass to the event.
But I was so excited to talk about this topic because I think the last time I was on the
show was like two years ago and I was still very infantile in my game playing world.
But now are you sitting?
Is everybody sitting?
I have completed two games all by myself.
Good job.
Because I finally made time to do so.
I know this because you've been live streaming some of them too.
Yes.
And you've been hosting me.
So thank you.
I'm just happy to.
Happy to.
So I'm going to encompass my whole two years.
I finally beat Wolf Among Us.
I started it and played it.
I loved it.
I played Life is Strange.
I started Unravel.
And I started- I feel so childish on this.
Why?
Do you know how much good stuff I've heard about Life is Strange?
And I actually watched like, I don't remember what was going on.
I was up at like 2am on a Friday night a few weeks ago and like, I just was like, well,
what's going on on Twitch?
Like, I feel like I should have been high or something, but I don't do that.
I don't do any of that stuff.
But like, I felt like still it was like one of those nights.
And so at 2am on a Friday, I'm there on Twitch and like Bree's streaming Life is Strange.
She's got Insomnia going on too.
So I was actually watching for like a good hour.
Oh, that was you.
That was me.
How come you didn't say hi?
Usually I'm watching on PlayStation.
I don't have a keyboard.
I can, I can kind of do it.
That's fine.
But yeah, I grew so attached to those characters and I was going through some stuff at the
time I was playing that game.
And now that it's over, I finally understand why people played that game multiple times
because there's so many different ways you could go about it.
So I made some new friends when I was streaming online with that.
And that was cool because there were some parts where I got stuck.
But when I first started that game in the fall, I know everybody, please don't give
me grief in the chat room.
It took me like nine months to finish that game.
They can fight me.
Do you know how long it takes me to finish any game?
But there was some heavy shit in that game that my heart just was not ready to address
at that point.
Yeah, I've heard, I've heard Life is Strange is, is really resonates with people.
Yeah.
So, but I loved it and I'm trying to keep it light.
I downloaded Dear Esther on my Xbox.
Why are indie titles so serious?
Some of them.
I just picked that up for Mac.
Yeah.
Dear Esther is really, cause they just did the remaster just came out.
If you do enjoy Dear Esther, you must play.
Everybody's gone to the rapture.
Oh, okay.
You, oh, I, that game like still resonates with me to this day and it doesn't, it doesn't
affect everybody the same way, but there's something about that game that is just so
fucking beautiful.
Like I can't, like I can't handle it.
Like, and even playing Dear Esther, I was like, this isn't rapture.
This isn't like, it's good, but it's not rapture.
So it's, it's almost like they're going to get crushed by their own success.
But that, that you, you definitely need to try.
Everybody's gone to the rapture is so good.
I will look into that.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Give me another two years.
You got it.
Take your time.
Take your time.
Don't let anybody rush you.
The dog network.com free kill zero says, Oh, I finished unravel myself last week.
That game had some major feels.
So just warning unravel may not be the emotional break you were hoping for.
It's the controls.
I take too much time away from that game that by the time I get back to it, I forget how
to swing and throw the rope and do that whole bit, but it's beautiful.
I love it.
Damn that music though.
Cause some of the pieces like that's what keeps drawing me back.
It's difficult for me, but that music, the music and rapture is what will do it.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
I'm like it.
I'm getting chills.
Just thinking about it.
Um, ice, ice, pee, ICP.
I don't know if, I don't know if it's ICP or ice pee in the chat room with the ICP clearly
a reference to the insane clown.
Of course.
Just kidding.
But anyway, ICP and chat says, if you like walking simulators, uh, I would suggest firewatch
love that.
I really enjoyed firewatch as well.
Beat that game in one night.
It went on sale.
Beat that game in one night.
That's another one I'd recommend.
That should only take you a few hours to get through.
Even, even if you look behind every nook and cranny, it's like maybe five hours tops tops.
So that was really good too.
Um, uh, I don't, I don't like the brand walking simulators.
I'm just, that's not, no, no shade.
I'm not going to bring out the shade button for the chatter because I realized that's
kind of like what the internet has adopted as kind of the term.
I'm not a fan of that term because I feel like that term is used sometimes to belittle
those types of games because I just consider them more.
They are very heavily narrative based games.
They're very heavily on the story as opposed to the action.
I feel, I feel it's a, it's a true definition of visual narrative.
It's what, it's an interactive, it's an interactive visual narrative.
It's what it is.
You are, you are in the story and you are, you are following the story that, that, that
the book, if you will, has presented instead of you finding out when you turn the page,
you're going to find out when you turn the corner.
And it's going to, and it, you know, and it's going to reveal all these little things.
But yeah, I, I, I, as an indie developer, you know, like if we're, if we're going to,
you know, if we're going to trounce made up genres and stuff like that, Metroidvania needs
to stop, but I won't even go there.
But like, you know, but yeah, the walking simulator thing, it, it shouldn't, it shouldn't
demeanor or, you know, devalue, you know.
Yeah.
I'm not saying it to like shake my finger.
Don't do that.
I'm just saying, I'm like, I just, I feel like those games deserve a label that, you
know, cause, cause honestly it's quickly becoming one of my favorite genre of games and, you
know, okay.
Is it because I'm old and I can't do action as much anymore?
I don't know, but I just like, I get more out of those types of games.
Like I, especially for somebody with my, my short attention span type of thing.
And obviously Brie is a victim of this too, cause she's, she mentioned this too, it takes
her a while to get through a game.
Like these like four hour interactive adventures are perfect.
You know what I mean?
Like they're just like perfect stories.
I don't know for me.
That's how I feel anyway.
I blame it on sack indie arcade for right now, but we'll sit in front of the TV.
You clearly have every right to blame event planning for why you don't play video games.
Can I, I'm sorry, Brie, you were going to say, I want to piggyback off of Jamie though.
I have started Pokemon go again because it's beautiful outside and I need to get my butt
walking.
I haven't gone to any gyms or battles yet.
I don't know how to do that.
So I haven't done any either.
Can we do it together?
You don't, you don't, you also don't have like, I think part of the beauty of that game,
although that game has its flaws for sure.
But part of the beauty of that game is that you don't have to do that at all.
If you don't want, like there's tons of rewards to get from the game without ever touching
that stuff, but you can, you can do it if you want.
And it's, you do get other rewards for doing it.
You do get the premium in game currency a little bit, you get that from doing the gyms,
but I kind of think you can get a rich experience without it.
Well, that's good to know that because here I am trying to like build up my Pokemon for
something, but it's all for me.
For me playing games with people is always more fun in real life, not necessarily online.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Uh, JD wanted to back up a minute here and chat over at live.vognetwork.com saying I
don't actually know what a walking simulator is.
No, that's a fair question because it's kind of a newer genre of game.
I would say the first big one, well, Dear Esther was probably actually the first big
one, but Gone Home was probably the first really successful mainstream big one.
And you may remember with Gone Home, Gone Home got shit from a lot of people because
a lot of people were like, where's the game though?
Like you're walking through this scary house and you think you, you think at some point
like a ghost is going to jump out and chop off your head.
And spoiler alert, that never happens because the game is actually not scare about scary
things at all.
Right?
Absolutely.
That game is, is really a masterpiece in a different way of like throwing like this curve
ball at you that you think it's going to be this, this scary game.
And then you find out it's actually like a different type of tragedy that's going on.
That's very, in some ways it's kind of relatable.
I mean, you know, I realized it's not an experience everybody's gone through, but I think that
whole like teenage angst.
I think everybody's felt teenage angst at some point.
And there's a lot of that that you explore through the eyes of the character's sister
in Gone Home.
So anyway, I'm digressing a little bit, but my point is, is that they are more the games
that are driven by the story and you are just this participant watching, not necessarily
participating as if it were an action game or something.
You're more of an observer.
That's especially the case in Rapture.
You are definitely an observer in that game.
Even games with simple puzzle elements like Firewatch and things, you're still like just
an observer who has to do things to see the whole picture.
So I don't know.
Absolutely.
I think another game that got that, you know, that caught some heat, even though I think
the good obviously overpowered the bad was Journey, even though, you know, Journey, there
are certain elements of Journey, you know, where it feels action-y, you don't necessarily
do anything, but Journey caught a lot of heat for the same thing.
I just paid $20 for a two hour game.
Why?
That's because it's the best damn two hours of your life.
Damn straight.
Damn straight.
But that, Journey is an interesting example of something that kind of, because obviously
genres blend.
So Journey is kind of a blend of that narrative mixed with a Mario 64 type of game.
Yeah, it is.
It absolutely is.
And, you know, with a lot more limitations, you know, all you have is limited jumps and
not much else.
Limited jumps and floats, so.
Free Kill Zero says, I haven't played Gone Home, but isn't that Dragon Cancer in a similar
vein?
Oh.
Yeah.
I have not played that one start to finish yet because I keep waiting for that day where,
like, do I have a 24 hour period where I can cry nonstop and not leave the house?
No, I'm serious.
I don't even know.
Just everything I know about preparing me for this game is that, like, just, it's like
that, I don't know for you guys, but for me, it's like, if Rob breaks out the Tori Amos
CDs, like, it's a day, you know?
That says a lot about how the day is going to go.
Can I ask a question about that?
Sure.
I would love your thought.
Even your, I don't know how familiar you are with that Dragon Cancer game.
The creator of the game, for those who may not know what that game is about, essentially
the developer created this game surrounding his son, and, you know, the son had passed
and so on and so forth, and this game was a very striking game, and when the developer
got awarded at the game awards, whatever it was called, I can't remember the name of it.
Is that the big hub-a-loo that Jeff Keighley does?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
The game awards.
Yeah, the game awards or whatever.
So, the developer caught a lot of heat because, you know, obviously the controversy was, you're
making money off the illness and death of your son, so, you know, so I, yeah, you know,
so...
Rob is currently looking at his brain.
So, yeah, you know, I mean, I know for me, there are games for me that I know I want
to make to talk about my experiences with my family, because, you know, eventually they're
going to go, they're going to go, and there's going to be things that I want to remember
them by, you know, in different ways, but what are your thoughts, you know, what are
your thoughts on that?
This is a great question.
I'm going to put it as simply as I can.
If you go into any museum and see paintings of the Civil War or paintings of, you know,
tragedies that have happened in culture, are those people profiting off of human tragedies?
No, because art is a spontaneous expression of culture, and that is what that dragon cancer
is.
It is an expression of what this person was going through, but guess what?
Expressions don't pay the fucking rent, so, yes, the guy gets to sell this because other
people, you know, you get to, other people get to have this experience that many people
are not going to, fortunately, I suppose, get to experience, you know what I mean by
that?
Absolutely.
So, yes, it's fine for him to charge money for it.
If you don't like it, don't fucking pay it.
Go on to the next, download the next CD on your list or whatever you're going to steal
for free, and then, you know, well, that's what it is, right?
I don't fucking pay for art and the hippies, all those Burning Man hippies, I don't pay
for art.
Come on.
I hear that.
I hear that.
Okay.
Art, don't pay the rent.
Mm-hmm.
That's my thought.
Fascinating.
Okay.
All right.
Let's see, going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com, Bobby Blackwell reminded me Journey played
live is awesome.
He's not talking about the band, but at MAGFest, I mean, that journey is cool too, but back
to the game.
MAGFest, they did the Austin Wintory conducting live.
That was my first MAGFest, and I swear to God, that's what made a fan, a MAGFest fan
out of me, was going to that.
It was a lot of fun.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That was, I saw bits and pieces of that, and it nearly brought me to tears, just because,
you know, like, just the impact that that game itself has had on me, and just to hear,
just to see that had happened.
There is something about a crowd of 4,000 people or however many people were there when,
to everyone's surprise, another player showed up in Journey, and everybody assumed that
because this was, like, it was going to be a controlled environment, and that they were
just going to be running through the game, and, okay, if you haven't experienced Journey
by now, I guess I can tell you the big twist.
In my opinion, this was a twist, and this was always better if you didn't know about
this going into the game, but the reality is, it's been years, I need to get this off
my chest now.
The big twist in the game is that it's secretly a multiplayer game, is that you don't, you
may be going through this experience, and all of a sudden, somebody who looks like you,
and everything just like you shows up, and at first you're like, is this an NPC?
But you don't really know, because you can't talk to them, you're not connected on voice
chat or anything like that.
All you can do is you can hit your button to go, and, like, make these little musical
tones and, like, chirp at them, right?
So, and then that's how you, and that's the magic of the game, is those, how you experience
your journey with another person, or did you just run on ahead and leave that guy in the
dust, literally, or what, it's how you choose to do that.
So anyway, my point is, there was something really magical about reliving that in a crowd
of 4,000 people, when you're going through this, and all of a sudden, another person
showed up.
And everybody was like, oh, shit, like, they're online, and there's another person here.
And like, I remember even when they beat the game, and it showed the name of it, because
it shows these people that you went on a game with.
Oh, I lost my mind when I saw it.
The whole audience started cheering, people were going on Twitter, who is this person?
Do you know that you just played in front of MAGFest?
I don't think they ever found who it was.
Yeah.
And that was, yeah, oh, God.
I know, it was, like, I can't explain it.
I can't put words on a moment like that, like, as just a gaming fan, like, that moment when
it's like, I'm not alone.
Right.
Oh, Barf, just thinking about it, it's so powerful.
I know, yeah, no, seriously, I'm getting.
Yeah.
I actually streamed, I recently streamed that game for their five-year anniversary.
They had a five-year anniversary earlier in March, and I totally streamed it on Twitch
that day to celebrate that five-year, and it still brought me to tears at the end.
I had to, like, mute my mic, because I was like, so, yeah, I was done.
But let me, now, back to those Twitter egg icons, or excuse me, what are the icons now?
The oval people?
Or whatever the fuck they are on Twitter now?
Like, okay.
Creepy things?
People now that are tweeting that that dragon cancer guy shouldn't be making any money or
whatever.
Did you pay money for Journey?
Yeah.
Art, don't pay the fucking rent.
Expressions, don't pay the rent.
Money pays the rent.
Yep.
And that's the level of ignorance we as developers have to deal with when we make anything, you
know, it's like, I could have played a game like this for free, it had so much more.
I mean, and we talked about this on previous shows, it's like, what justifies the price
of an indie game?
What makes it quality over just, you know, a waste of steam credits or whatever the hell?
And yeah, I mean, it's unfortunate, but you're absolutely right, you know, art doesn't.
It doesn't.
It gives us an opportunity to share who we are, but we still got to keep the roof over
our heads.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Sometimes it's just, everybody's going to be a fan of something and everything's going
to have its haters.
You know, somewhere out there, there is somebody who loves Bomberman Zero Mission on Xbox 360.
It's got its fan club.
It's small.
It may not even be in this country, who knows, but it's got its fans somewhere and more power
to them.
Probably the same people who still play Phantasy Star Online on the 360.
Excuse you.
You better watch where you're fucking going.
Phantasy Star Online is great.
Watch.
You better stay in your fucking lane.
That's why I started kind of turning left as I said that, because I already knew what
was about to happen.
That was fun.
Thank you.
So I don't mind coming back on the show next year to promote indie arcade.
Without me?
By yourself?
Yeah.
That'd be fantastic.
Thank you.
But you'll replace him in no time.
I'm just kidding.
I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
What?
There we go.
There we go.
All right.
So this is from your gaming week, Bree.
Thank you for sharing.
We spent 30 minutes with our analysis of walking simulators and all that.
No, but it's great.
Gabe, quickly, your gaming week.
Of course.
What would you play?
Between Mass Effect Andromeda, Fallout Shelter on Xbox One, super addictive free game.
I spent a couple.
I decided to actually spend a couple dollars on that game because fantastic, fantastic
free app game, I should say.
Although it's not the most user friendly experience, but it's still a really, really good game.
So between that and what else was I messing with?
I kind of started dabbling again in Resident Evil 7.
I haven't beat that game yet.
I've just been.
It's just one of those.
I can only play that game in short spurts.
But there was one other game that I've been messing with.
I've been replaying Rayman Origins as well since it became Xbox One compatible.
I never completed Origins.
I beat Legends, but I never completed Origins.
So I'm trying to finally beat that game.
So I'm close to it now.
I also dabbled in Halo Wars 2 a little bit, but yeah, Halo Wars 2 came out at the wrong
time because Andromeda came out and I messed around with Breath of the Wild a little bit
on the Wii U.
Gorgeous game.
I don't care too much about the frame rate thing, but again, that's just one of those
games where I can only play one huge exploration type game at a time and Andromeda was going
to be it for me.
So, yeah.
So that's what I've been playing and the next EDF game is coming out later this year.
So yeah.
So you and Loki can bro out over that.
I don't get into those games the same way you guys do.
No, that's okay.
That's all right.
I'm happy that you never played it.
Maybe somebody in the chat room will relate or even Brie, because I've complained about
it to her, the soldier will now be able to run because they finally added a run button
for the soldier instead of me rolling, rolling constantly to speed forward.
You know, yeah.
So now they were genius enough to add a friggin' run button.
It's like, okay, I get the wing diver can fly, but still make the dude run.
Anyway.
So I'm happy about that stuff.
That's what I've been dabbling with.
Quality of life.
Things are huge.
Yeah.
Cool.
Yeah.
All right.
My gaming week.
So I've been obviously playing a lot of Mass Effect Andromeda.
That's still been kind of continuing to dominate my week still.
I am enjoying it probably even more so now than a week ago.
Been trying to, it's hard to juggle multiplayer and single player.
That's my biggest downfall right now is that multiplayer is still really fun for me.
I'm glad we got to do that stream.
We did a live stream after the show last week where I played some multiplayer.
Sadly, the matchmaking was busted.
So it was like, let's see how long a dungeon Buster was a good sport and he played with
me and it was just the two of us and we, we were able to survive a couple of waves on
our own, but you really need four people because it's balanced for people.
But when I do get the matches of four people, a multiplayer is a lot of fun and Lord knows
I spent a ton of time in multiplayer, Mass Effect three.
That's the reason why I bought the game so many times.
So yeah, well now that I'm on PC, I can play.
I got to, I got to confess about that actually.
The Mass Effect three multiplayer, I'll probably, I'll probably get some good laughs at my cost
for this, but for the longest time, up until my friend back home in Jersey, Tino, he tells
me, I thought Mass Effect the multiplayer part was competitive for the longest time.
I, I, well that's the thing.
It took me, it took me two years after the game came out for him and I to have a talk
about it.
And he's like, Oh, well you got to get into the multiplayer thing.
And I'm like, yeah, but I'm not a competitive person.
I do co-op.
And then he, there was this dead silence and he's, he's typing all these dots on the screen
and I'm like, Oh my God, what did I just say?
And then he just railed me.
He's like, Gabriel, the whole thing is co-op.
I'm like, what are you talking about?
He's like, you only play the computer.
And I'm telling you that night I hopped right on that and I felt like such a, I felt like
such a dumb ass.
I was like, Oh my God, I could have been playing this forever.
Yes.
It blows my mind how much multiplayer and mass effect is ignored when it's such a, a
like positive trait that the game has going for it.
The fact that it exists in conjunction with the single player campaign, like it really
blows my mind how much multiplayer gets ignored.
I even went on Twitch the other night because I'm like, Oh, I want to see, no, I think it
was after I was done streaming.
I was like, I want to see who else streams multiplayer and what they do.
And there was probably like maybe 15, 20 different channels streaming mass effect Andromeda.
None of them doing multiplayer, none of them.
And in a lot of the reviews of the game, multiplayer rarely got touched on.
Now I understand the embargo I think was up like a day after the online servers went live.
So people probably didn't have the chance to really test it, but, and I get it.
Like some people don't want to touch multiplayer at all because some people are like, Ooh,
the competitive stuff.
It's like, kind of like what you were saying, like the competitive stuff, but, and people
don't even know, like, no, it's, it's all co-op and it actually creates a much better
environment than most multiplayer things.
And that's what pleased me with it, Mass Effect 3, and eventually I'll play Andromeda for
the co-op, but yeah, I want to go through the story first.
It's probably, it's not a bad thing to do.
I just enjoyed it in, in three so much I had to.
So, okay.
I've been playing Mass Effect Andromeda, but I've been playing some other games too.
I've been playing Clicker Heroes because I hate my life and I just, it's so addicting
you guys.
It's so addicting.
And I have to get more trophies on PlayStation 4, those fucking trophies.
But then, okay.
We haven't talked a lot about April Fool's jokes tonight, but I got to say Sega fucking
won because they put out on Steam 8-bit Bayonetta.
Yes!
I saw that!
Oh my goodness.
Okay.
It's, it's like temper your expectations.
It's not like a full on platform or anything.
It's a silly thing.
Like it could have been a mobile game, people.
Like literally all it is, like you have two buttons, like jump and shoot.
And so it's like, you can just stay in one place and shoot the things or you can jump
and hit the other thing.
It's silly.
The fact that it exists is great because that means Sega's still thinking about Bayonetta
and they put it on PC on Steam.
Could this be a sign that they might be doing Bayo or Bayo 2 on Steam at some point?
I, Oh God, I hope so.
Now the question of course is Bayo 2 was heavily, you know, heavily partnered by Nintendo.
So where, you know, where it was only, you know, exclusive only with Nintendo.
So how that, we'll see how that plays out, but you know, yeah.
Well, I imagine that agreement's gotta be up at some point, but seriously, between all
the Mario Kart 8 and Splatoon sequel and, and rumors of, of a Smash Brothers and all
this stuff, like if any Wii U game deserves a second fucking chance, it's Bayo 2.
Oh, no kidding.
Like put it on the Switch.
Put it on the Switch.
Bayo 2 was...
Hashtag put it on the Switch.
Get switched.
Hashtag get switched.
So yeah, Bayonetta 2.
Absolutely astounding game.
Absolutely.
I loved part one, but my God, part two just went in a direction I, I didn't think could
be topped with part one.
It's seriously like the best game that the least number of people have played.
Probably.
Yeah, absolutely.
No, it's, it's so sad.
You're right.
You're right.
And here I thought that, um, uh, Sinbad got it.
Okay.
Sinbad did do really good on April Fool's day.
The Shazam thing was pretty funny.
You know, talk about just, just make a, make a lemonade, lemonade out of lemons, right?
Or in, in, in his case, Sinbad's case, how to make some fucking money off of it.
Do you realize, do you realize he just turned a joke into money?
He turned the internet urban legit.
He made money off of it.
What can be more American than that?
But somebody's going to yell at the guy who made that dragon cancer.
Meanwhile, Sinbad's making April Fool's jokes with ads on it and yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And they made it, but yeah, massive hypocrisy, but that's why we love this.
Shut up internet.
All right.
You don't, you're drunk, log off.
Drunk on power.
And then I wanted to, I need to give this game a shout out too, because this is a, actually
we're going to have these guys on the show in a couple of weeks, an indie developer.
So get this, uh, Captain Matt from Starboard Power Coupling apparently has, he's one of
those like small world thing, apparently has some friends who are indie developers
and their game Lil' Tanks is hitting Steam on Tuesday.
One of them's here in Sacramento and of course I told, I said, so it's probably a little
late to submit, but do you know about this indie arcade event?
You know, so I don't know if they're coming or what have you, but yeah.
So another game, Lil' Tanks.
So that game actually goes on sale Tuesday, but they were good enough to let me have a
little peek at it early.
So I was playing that over the weekend and it's kind of like a, it definitely feels like
something that's probably inspired by bullet hell games, but because it's tanks, it runs
sideways.
So it kind of gets, you know how like a lot of like Japanese shooty games are very narrow
because that's how the arcade cabinets were.
This one kind of flips it on the side cause it's tanks.
So it's, it's, it's different.
It's very indie, you know, but it's, I, the soundtracks really good too.
They're going to be here on Easter in two weeks when we're back with Orange Hospital.
They're going to be here on the show.
So yeah, those are the next guests we have up.
So check that out.
I am already thinking about Heavy Weapon on Xbox 360, Xbox Live Arcade.
Yes, I'll have to bring that up.
How influenced were you by Heavy Weapon?
Yes, Heavy Weapon.
Definitely, definitely.
I'm getting some Heavy Weapon vibes.
Shout out to PopCap.
That was a great, great, great frigging game.
So anyway, yeah, that's awesome.
So check that out.
That hits Steam on Tuesday, Lil' Tanks.
It was a Kickstarter success too.
They had to fund on Kickstarter.
Nice.
So good for them.
So, uh, we'll, we'll ask them more questions in a couple of weeks, but I want to make sure
they got a shout out because unfortunately with us not having a show next week, I couldn't
get them here the week their game was out.
So I want to make sure they got a shout out now.
So we're all good.
So check that out.
Well, that's good.
You could boost week two sales for an indie developer.
That's true.
That's true.
That's true.
You know, when so many games are kind of like, if you don't make it your first week, you
know, see you later.
Uh, I think that's good.
That's good to have the lasting presence, two and three and so forth.
Very, very true.
All right.
Anyhow, uh, I think that's going to do it for gaming weeks.
Let's just do some quick housekeeping again.
There will be no show live here next Sunday because we will be live on Saturday from 10
AM to 4 PM for us, uh, will be live, uh, on the network provided there are no tech issues.
There's always that disclaimer.
There could always be a tech fuck up, uh, in which case we will record and bring to
you an OLR's place, uh, the next night.
But we will not be here because we will be busy with the event and actually, um, also
just selfishly dark soccer and I have a long time friend who's going to be here from Japan
who happens to be here that Sunday.
So it's like, it's like one of those things like, okay guys, we're going to, since we're
putting in the hours the day before, we're gonna take the night off to go be with our
friends.
F is for friendship.
Exactly.
Exactly.
Dijour means friendship.
And honestly, how long has it been since she's been in the U S like a year, at least, at
least.
Yeah.
So this will be really, really nice.
Oh, from there, my favorite, my favorite flavor right now.
Oh, that's awesome.
Fantastic.
So, uh, but we will be back on, yes, Easter Sunday.
So if WrestleMania can't stop us, you know, Easter ain't going to stop us.
So mine remains to be seen because it's the sisters.
I'm like, we're going to be missing the Jewish person on Easter.
Really?
It's Passover.
All right.
Fair enough.
Fair enough.
Fair enough.
I will be hosting a Seder on Wednesday if you want to come eat horseradish and matzah
with us.
Matzah's, matzah's, it's an acquired taste, but yeah.
All right.
Matzah is, to quote a friend of mine, it's like Jewish ex lax.
It's very binding.
Wow.
All right.
Anyhow.
Uh, so she's not wrong.
So fine.
So fine.
I get totally not wrong.
I swear to God, this happened to me for a month last year where I had flip flop posts
for the whole month.
It was like one week.
Loki was here and Jamie wasn't.
Then Jamie was here and Loki wasn't.
So we're going to, we're going to do this again this month.
So check that out.
Uh, we'll be back on April 16th.
I can also tell you now, I know this is a ways out, but I just want to make sure y'all
can plan.
It's also right before my birthday.
It is.
It is.
You're going to miss your, you're going to miss your birthday show.
That's fine.
I'll do it the week after.
Let's quickly talk about OLR's birthday show.
So OLR's 15th birthday show is going to be June 18th.
Quinceaera!
Here's the thing with the Quinceaera.
That's two months out.
We don't have time to get a ballroom or any of that shit.
So my thought is...
Can I just wear a pretty dress?
Let's him, yes, you can wear a pretty dress.
Let's invite some of our friends to the studio to just have a nice 15th episode.
Invite some of our friends.
We'll see if maybe the game bang guys want to come back or I can sing some Spanish music.
Yeah, you can.
We'll get some folks here in studio and then maybe for episode 700, maybe our friends that
have done event planning in the past will give me a list of contacts.
And for episode 700, we can maybe look at, like, or something maybe would be willing
to host episode 700 and we could do an event like that.
I had to mouse something to the co-hosts because I don't want to put it on air, but...
Secrets!
Yes.
So that way we have enough time to plan.
Keep in mind in Alabama, I had no idea what that was called, that it was a thing.
I had never heard of that until I moved to California.
So I totally want to get everything done and wear a floofy 80s style dress.
Go ahead.
Do you want to do full drag for the quinceaera?
Go for it.
Well, I already do that.
Give us your best Valentina.
It's just reenacting Breakfast Club, apparently.
But no, I will not ask if anyone wants to see my cuckoo.
Episode 700 should be in about four months.
I'm...
God, I just, I hope it's not the same weekend as Dragon Con.
I don't think it would be.
It would be probably right around right after, right around mid-September, I think is when
that would fall.
Off the plot it out on a list somewhere.
So all right.
Well, Bree, you're dying to say something over there.
Well, four months is plenty of time to plan a proper party.
Yeah.
So I think, I think that's okay.
So Gabe and Bree are doing the we're going to talk thing.
So get ready, y'all.
Episode 700, we're going to bring to you everything we promised for the quinceaera in proper
OLR tardy fashion.
So and since JD said OMG Valentina, I want that wig.
All right.
Look, red wig.
I got another podcast to talk about all that.
All right.
You never had me on.
Oh, man.
We had enough.
We have a spot available this last week to the spikes in Japan.
Oh, well.
Anyway.
We got to move.
We got to move on.
We got to get into some gaming news and what's going on.
Oh, no, I didn't say the whole thing with the quinceaera.
So the actual 15th birthday will be June 18th because we're giving ourselves the best
birthday present ever.
Taking a week off on June 25th.
So we will not be here like June 25th.
Awesome.
Just just booked it today.
Hubby and I are going to finally take our proper honeymoon.
We're going to go to Chicago.
We have.
Oh, I saw the tweet.
Congrats.
Congrats, man.
We have some friends that live out in Chicago.
And for a couple of years now, they've been saying you got to come to Pride out in Chicago.
It's a lot of fun.
Come to Pride.
Also, you guys may remember the show is right around my birthday.
So it's kind of one of those like everything lines up just right.
So we're going to.
I'm.
That's wonderful.
You guys deserve that.
That's awesome.
Fucking gay as hell.
That's what.
No show is canceled due to gay.
That is exactly what is happening on June 25th show canceled due to gay.
The gay agenda has finally succeeded in overthrowing an episode of all right.
Yes.
There's ramen chat.
Isn't that the gay agenda?
Yes.
All right.
Let's get into some news this week at the top of the show.
Again, we're missing Loki unexpectedly.
Did you want me to start Dark Soccer or did you want to start with.
Yes, you start.
OK, I'm going to start with this one.
So let's talk about the Video Game Hall of Fame.
Did you know there was a Video Game Hall of Fame?
I would hope so, because we've talked about it a couple of years past.
There have only been 12 games inducted into the Hall of Fame previously.
Doom, Grand Theft Auto 3, The Legend of Zelda, Oregon Trail, Pac-Man, Pong, The Sims, Sonic
the Hedgehog, Space Invaders, Super Mario Brothers, Tetris, and World of Warcraft.
So the Video Game Hall of Fame has the nominees for the 2017 class announced.
You could think of this as something similar to like the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and
that whole thing, because isn't Journey finally getting inducted to Rock and Roll Hall of
Fame this year?
I think I heard something about that.
Yes.
There's a series that Steve Perry might actually fucking show up and that has everybody like
OMG, right?
Well yeah, Bob Dylan finally accepted the Pulitzer or something like that, or a Nobel
Peace Prize.
So yeah, anything's possible now.
So anyway, the Strong Museum of Play is located in Rochester, New York.
That's where this whole thing is located if you want to know where it is physically.
OK, so here's the part like most podcasts are going to do.
We're going to do the same thing.
We're going to read the list and then tell you how much it sucks.
No, we're going to tell you what we would put in.
So I'm going to tell you all, I'm going to ask you all of this list, which one is the
most important?
Which one needs to be in that fucking Hall of Fame already?
You ready?
You get to pick one.
If you pick two, I'm muting you.
All right.
I'm cutting your mic off.
Pick one.
Here it is.
Donkey Kong Country, Final Fantasy 7, Halo Combat Evolved, Microsoft Windows.
Sorry, you all know why I'm laughing.
Long time, all our losers.
Microsoft Windows Solitaire, Mortal Kombat, Myst, Pokemon Red and Green, Portal, Resident
Evil, Street Fighter 2, Tomb Raider and Wii Sports.
This is fucking easy for me.
But what do you think?
One game on that list.
It's Halo, right?
I snorted over here.
Didn't you hear that?
No.
I had to.
And I'm going strictly on objective reasoning here, but I would pick Street Fighter 2.
And why is that?
Because it was the game that innovated the fighting game genre and has contributed to
so many clones.
And I don't even think we'd have would have Mortal Kombat if not for Street Fighter 2.
So I mean, true, there was just the first Street Fighter and it was OK, but Street Fighter
2 was the one that gained the real notoriety.
And now, I mean, the franchise is still going strong today, so it has to count for something.
All right.
But Bree, can I pick on Bree?
Did you pick one from that list that you think needs to be there?
I was gonna say Mortal Kombat, but then I was just swayed by the knowledge of Jamie
because I was only in first or second grade when Street Fighter 2 came out, I think.
So I didn't really know, but I was gonna say Mortal Kombat because the rating system came
out then, right?
That's a good point.
I was just about to say, you know, even though, yes, she makes a compelling argument, you
make like that is the thing that Mortal Kombat brought the industry is Mortal Kombat caused
our industry to self-regulate itself.
So don't discount that.
That's that's huge what that game did.
So a fair counterpoint, Gabe, for you.
So yeah, I would almost I would almost say Street Fighter 2 as well, because Street Fighter
2 really did change the landscape of fighting games, period.
Though one can argue, where's Virtua Fighter?
But anyway, that's more on a 3D thing.
But on both a personal level, on a very personal level, and then just on the technological
standpoint, I'm gonna say Donkey Kong Country, because Donkey Kong Country is that was the
first game to incorporate 3D graphics in a 16-bit system.
Counter that.
Counter that.
There's a game on the TurboGrafx-16 called Sapphire.
Okay.
Okay.
Counter to counter.
How many kids owned a Super Nintendo versus how many kids owned a TurboGrafx-16?
But we also had Star Fox.
We also had Stunt Race.
So Star Fox was so the significance with Star Fox is because of that Super FX chip
that allowed a full 3D environment to be played.
Where was it?
Where, unlike Mode 7, where everything was flat, you know, the Super FX chip allowed
actual an actual playable 3D environment, although it was linear and it was pathed,
you know, you could still do that.
For me, the significance with Donkey Kong Country was that it utilized actual silicone
graphic models and animations into a 16-bit system, and it was just an astounding game.
For me, you know, it proved that anything was possible, you know, VR was just beginning
to blow up back then, because you're talking 93, 94 that this came out, and that was one
of the games that ultimately inspired me to want to get into computer animation.
You had to be 10 or 12 or a kid at the time and see that fucking game for the first time
where it's like your head just fucking explodes.
I still have the video of the behind the scenes that Nintendo Power included.
It was a CD that included the making of Donkey Kong Country and all this other stuff, and
it highlighted the actual development behind it and things like that.
Did you have the balls to call the chatroom nerds earlier and then come with that?
Let me make another step aside from that.
As far as I was aware, the characters were rendered, yes, but there's still sprites in
game, so they're still, the rendering was converted into sprites, so it technically
is still sprite animation, and of course the backgrounds are easy to do because they're
all going to be a flat 2D entity just rendered from 3D graphics.
Right, certainly.
Absolutely.
So, in that being the respect, maybe the creation of the game had a little bit more tech going
into it, but at the end of the day, it's still a platformer.
Oh yeah, it was still a platformer, but I think that was the genius behind it.
It was the fact that, you know, yes, it was a platformer, but, you know, it was the first
time you had fully animated, full-framed characters and movement and expressions done
that was actually genuinely powered by, you know, a silicone graphics machine, not a chip.
That's where Star Fox comes in.
Star Fox, you know, they created a proprietary chip, but Donkey Kong Country did not.
It used an actual silicone graphics, and that wasn't cheap back then.
For me, Street Fighter II, no contest, but not the reason Jamie said.
I mean, not that what she said, but for me, it's the arcades in general, like it's not
even just the fighting games.
It's just the 90s arcades was defined by Street Fighter II, I think.
And I think that's it.
This game probably had a greater impact than any other game.
It's really close with Pokemon, though, but I don't want to turn off my own mic.
So that's all I'm going to say.
So because, well, okay, I can't.
He wants to.
I want to so bad, but we need to move on.
So let's talk about one other thing I will go back and say about Sapphire.
It was one of the PC Engine Turbo game or duo games.
So it was CD.
Yes, it was CD.
That's why.
But I'm posting a picture in the chat room.
But still, wonderful reference.
Yeah, Sapphire.
Wonderful reference.
It goes for like 800 bucks, give or take.
So anyway, one game that, hey, based on the early reviews might end up in the Hall of
Fame in 10 years, who knows, Persona 5 finally making its way out this week.
You know, Persona has its rabid fans.
People are really freaking excited about Persona 5.
See, here's the thing.
And we talked a little bit about this on the call with Bobby earlier tonight.
I have no hate in my heart for Persona.
In fact, I played a little bit of Persona 4 on the Vita, and I do think it's really
cool and a different experience.
The problem is, like, it takes like 100 hours to get through one of those games.
And it's like, it's hard enough for me to play the games that I play.
Like, Bree, would you be able to squeeze in 100 hours to play Persona 5 this week?
This week?
One of my volunteers for the event has actually started it and he's like, Oh, you should try
this.
I'm like,
Yeah, yeah.
Let me pencil you in in 2019.
But yeah, that's just the type of time commitment it's gonna take.
But I know, like, especially JRPG fans, very excited about Persona.
The reviews are off the charts for this game.
It's going to be, you know, this is this is one other interesting thing about this year.
Lots of solid game reviews.
You know, it's funny because a couple weeks ago, I think I said, I said, Oh, Zelda Breath
of Wild is going to be game of the year.
It's already over.
And now I'm like, shit, maybe it maybe actually, that was a little early to say that.
I mean, it really was early to say that, but shit, for some people, it's definitely gonna
be Persona 5.
I think it just depends on the type of game you're into.
But like, it's getting a lot of solid reviews over there as well.
There's other games too that we get into really, this has been a really just good fucking
year for games so far.
So anyway, Persona 5, of course, going to be coming out on PlayStation 3 and 4 because
the game was originally supposed to be a PS3 exclusive.
That's true.
It's just taken.
They've been taking their sweet ass time.
Smart move though.
You want, hey, we talked about Andromeda not being a well-cooked meal last week, and now
this one is going to be a well-cooked meal, so that'll be exciting.
However, here's the thing, the share button is going to be disabled.
You will not be able to share the pictures.
You won't be able to stream the game, at least natively through the PlayStation 4.
They have cut all of that off, and Atlus did this.
I guess this happens in other Japanese game releases on PlayStation 4.
I know like cut scenes in other games have been blocked and so forth, but the whole game
blocked.
You are not going to be able to stream it, although we all know all you're going to need
is a capture card, the extra outside material, and people will be streaming this.
So in my opinion, it's just giving those people an advantage, so to speak, in the competition
market, but it is what it is.
They're not going to stop it.
Yeah, they state why they blocked the share.
Story spoilers.
That's really what it is.
They just don't want people ruining it.
But it's going to happen anyway.
But I'm saying like block Andromeda, if that's the case.
Block Zelda.
Well, but that's EA and Nintendo.
That's not Atlus.
Yeah, but I mean, if that's the premise for why they're going to block you, those stories,
we want to spoil the story.
It's like, it takes 100 hours, give or take, you know, to beat.
It'll be the end of the year at the least.
So I mean, before really, what are you ruining?
But I mean, if it's one thing, if they want to block the cut scenes or the big story moments
or things like that, but I mean, like, let us stream the battle sequences and things
like that, at least, you know, the actual game elements, a little weird, but I just
kind of think it's going to end up being useless.
Okay, so the PlayStation can't do it natively.
Well, people have capture cards in their computer.
They're going to get around it.
Yep.
So that's that.
This game will, game will be streamed, actually, it's probably going to, it's going to make
more people want to stream it because they're going to feel like they have the exclusive
on it.
Now that this news is out there.
You just made this a hotter property.
Yep.
You told us we can't.
We will.
I know the internet.
I know the internet overuses this fucking term, but it's Streisand effect.
It's true, man.
That like most overused thing on the internet, but anyway, all right.
To register participation for this week's episode of orange lounge radio at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase poison, dark Sakura, what do you got for us?
Well, some stuff about Oculus ish.
The co-founder Palmer lucky is leaving Facebook.
He had his last day already.
There's no real notice as to why or not.
However, it was revealed that he was a supporter of 45 because that name is not worth mentioning
on the show.
And he also created these memes that attacked Hillary Clinton.
Yeah.
And from what, you know, again, I want to watch the politics and everything, but my,
my understanding is it was those memes.
And they, I mean, it's, you know, people feel however they feel politically, but it
was the memes and the involvement and all that stuff that people were really taking
issue with it.
It was like, it wasn't just the politics.
It was the heavy involvement in what was kind of, it was a big smear campaign.
It wasn't pizza gate, but it was, it was a smear campaign.
That's what it was.
Plain and simple.
So anyway, and so, um, Facebook's, uh, statement about it is just that they, uh, wish him well
and thought his innovative spirit helped kickstart the modern VR revolution and build an internet
industry.
Um, but we've been hiding him in the basement for the past six months until his contract
ran out.
Anyway.
Cause that seems obvious.
What's been happening here.
Where, where, where the fuck has he been?
Yeah.
In, in a, they kept him in the cellar.
They kept him in the naughty room, clearly Christian gray was like, come here in my room
of secrets.
Oh, let's not give that any attention.
I couldn't help myself.
Oh, that's so disgusting.
Bobby Black Wolf also points out, you know, besides the, besides the political stuff,
he said he also violated an NDA and caused Facebook to lose a $500 million lawsuits.
That was kind of a big deal.
That's just a little thing.
Yeah.
An incident.
What was sort of a thing?
A performance improvement plan was put in his file.
AKA the punishment basement.
He was pipped.
And Black Wolf wants to clarify, he didn't create the memes.
He gave the money to the people who made the meme.
Sorry.
I thought I had made that clear.
Well, he's still responsible for their inception.
So he, he, he gave them the, the, the markers, I guess you could say, anyway, anyway, anyway,
what else was there?
That's it.
No, I thought that was, oh, I thought,
It's your turn.
Is it?
It's your turn.
All right, fine.
We can talk about destiny too, because yeah, no, you're right.
Destiny 2 finally got confirmed this week.
Yay.
You know, it was already kind of leaked last week.
I think there were some posters that were around out there.
But anyway, there's a destiny 2 is being confirmed and there's some actual artwork for the game
that's now out there as well as a trailer and so forth.
So a lot of folks that are getting hyped for destiny 2.
Also you will not again be able to carry over the exact same characters.
But the other big news about destiny 2, you are going to get to play this on PC.
Destiny 2 will be out for PC, which means it's keyboard and mouse time.
So that's going to be pretty exciting because for first person shooters, you know, it's
funny because I think if I were to go back 10 years on this show, there was a point where
I was like, oh, controllers are still really good.
But I think just something has evolved over the years and like keyboard and mouse, I like,
that's the only way I could play shooters.
Like well, I play Overwatch on PS4, but I'm better at it on PC.
Of course, so is everybody else, but you know.
I found that the pistol works just like a sniper rifle if you put the shot on the scope
on it.
So that's how I've been playing through the whole thing of Andromeda.
Oh, over Andromeda.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's been especially good to have that fine control on a mouse.
Andromeda multiplayer is hard with the controller for me because I can't get headshots.
It's just, it's hard.
I have to play like people that can do pew pew fire lasers and things that like space
magic all the way.
Space magic.
So on PC, I'll be able to be a little more accurate.
So I'm, I have to say, even I myself, I'm interested when it comes to PC.
I want to hear a little more about what the expansions are going to look like for destiny
because that destiny too, because that's where I got a little turned off on the first game
is that then it was like every few months, it's like, you have to have this expansion.
You have to have this expansion.
And now there's this other thing and it's like, I kind of, I kind of fell off the wagon
at some point and didn't really fucking feel like getting back on, you know, and the, the,
there wasn't really, I feel like the way they were trying to sell it too was weird.
Like, well, we're not going to sell just a catch up pack, but we'll sell a destiny plus
this is like, they want to resell me stuff I already bought.
And I'm like, no, it was one of the, it was one of the poorest executions when it came
to the downloaded content.
Cause I barely had, as I, I loved the first destiny.
I really, you know, the, the just the basic of it then right.
You know, I'm taking King.
So then I got to taking King cause I heard it was a massive improvement over, um, the,
the initial destiny and I'm like, okay, great.
So, you know, I got out on a deal, I sold my other destiny game and we knew everything
was great.
And just to only find out what six months later, if that rise of iron and I'm like,
you know, I'm like, okay, how much is that going to cost?
And then $30 just for the excess said whole.
So I start cursing in Spanish in my head and I'm like, but I just, I just spent 40 on right
on, on taking King destiny and taking King.
And you know, and now I need rise of iron and which I heard was terrible, um, with the,
with a few exceptions, but you know, as a developer, you know, if you're a developer
out there, indie AAA, cut the shit with that already.
Stop.
You, you, you, you know, cause now they've announced destiny too.
And now, you know, this whole hundred dollar pre-order thing, you know, to get both doc
to get, you know, pre-ordered the downloaded packs, you know, the DLC for that as well.
And you know, you really want to create this fault line between your cut, you know, in
your customers.
That's going to be the way to do it.
And it just, just off, cause I remember meeting a few people who made that game and they expressed
just, just, just acidic disdain for those business decisions behind.
There was also, remember when the game first came out, there were all these rumblings about
they fucking re hit the reset button on that game.
Like two years ago, it was, it's found at the farm has he 15 had a very similar path
of fantasy.
Is that destiny was supposed to be something like completely different.
And then they hit the reset button and then it's like, we have to fucking get a game out
and it's happening now.
And you could even feel it when you're playing the game, you're like, there's this whole
rich story.
And then all of a sudden the story just kind of just stops for the last half of the game.
And then that's it, but up, up, up, up.
That's like, what the fuck was that?
And that's one of my other biggest pet peeves with that.
Don't don't, don't, don't sell me this massively expansive game, you know, where, you know,
you're going to have all these unique story experiences, you know, buzzword after buzzword
after buzzword only for me to find out that, Oh, in order to find out more about who you
just killed and who's with you now, you know, here's a card, which you can't look at until
you go on our website, F off because like, I'm here playing on console, you know, and
I was saying like, you didn't even make it for PC.
And you want to tell me to go online to look at a stupid car so I can find out who I killed
and why get out of here with that nonsense.
So I'm good.
I I'm interested in destiny two on PC.
If it's clear that they're going to take a different path with some of the way they've
done the DLC and stuff, but I'm not exactly going to hold my breath on that.
So we'll see.
I'm not.
We'll see.
All right.
Moving right along.
Dark Sakura.
Well, I have a couple of stories.
One of them is about mad cats.
Bobby already talked about it, so I'm not going to go too much into detail, but, um,
mad cats filed for chapter seven bankruptcy and as of March 30th, they started, uh, liquidating.
So they're basically going to pay off all their lenders ASAP, um, chapter seven.
The difference between that and chapter 11 is I'm sure we've heard of both in the business
world is that, um, chapter seven, uh, would make you, uh, liquidate and basically vacate
board of directors and officers.
It's the death of the company.
Chapter 11 usually allows for restructuring.
Yeah.
Chapter 11 is like Radio Shack right now.
Right.
Uh, what's the other, it was not yet Sears, but, but in the coming days it's happening.
Yup.
It's a sad, mad cats, as we know, we're co-publishers for some of the rock band games.
Um, they also made many, many a cheap controller.
I still blame Hori for their death cause Hori makes better controllers.
Um, they do actually.
And I mean in 2016 their CEO resigned, they laid off 37% of their employees.
So none of this should really be a surprise.
Their stock's been shit basically for a while now.
So I'm sure that anyone who watches financial markets saw this coming.
So the other news, which is also shitty news.
It was stated that as of March 31st, um, a couple of people at Squenix left, Square Enix,
and that was Yoshinori Yamagishi and Isamu Kamikokurio.
I'm going to say that Kamikokurio.
So they have both left the company.
I was such a big fan too.
What did they do?
Yamagishi produced Star Ocean and Valkyrie Profile.
Oh shit.
Okay.
Wow.
Yeah.
That is a big deal.
And then, um, I'm going to say this again.
Kamikokurio, um, gave a Final Fantasy 13 trilogy, Final Fantasy 15, and the third birthday.
So both of them resigned so that they can move on to new projects.
What did he do on 15?
He wasn't the producer of 15.
That was somebody that was...
He was art director.
Oh, interesting.
I guess that may be a, just a situation of he had another job that he wanted to take
somewhere else or what have you.
Probably not a, cause when you, when, if I hear about departures related to 15, I kind
of go, I raise an eyebrow a little bit like, oh, but that, but speaking of fucking games
I need to play, did you know the whole Gladio thing came out this week?
I haven't even got a chance to touch that yet.
I have a feeling that they're all doing this sort of Ayn Rand-esque Atlas Shrugged thing
where all of the best developers go move to their own island and then just do menial work.
Okay, and by the way, Atlas Shrugged was a crappy book, but it has become my example
for people bringing themselves out of the limelight and leaving their jobs.
I'm really curious to hear who's going to get put on Final Fantasy 16, cause you know
it's coming.
You?
They're going to have me do it.
Calamity Jamie presents.
I'm just going to be like, that character needs more straps on his shorts and one leg
should be longer than the other and there need to be more buckles on the shirt.
So he needs to look very, very pretty.
Also Eris will be back so I can kill her again.
This guy needs a bigger fro cause I'm thinking of what's his face from 13.
Sazh.
That had the bird.
Yeah.
And this one needs a bird cage in his fro.
Like kind of like a pre-French Revolution-esque wig that had all of that stuff in there.
Yes.
Yes.
This guy needs to be gay.
This is okay.
Okay.
That's me as a game designer.
I'd be a good character designer.
There are rumors and this could just be fanwank, but there's some rumors that Naoki Yoshida
could be the one that ends up doing 16 and it's his reward for basically saving the fucking
franchise because Naoki Yoshida is the one that did Final Fantasy 14 A Realm Reborn.
So he's the one that took 1.0 and then made the new 2.0 and basically saved the entire
fucking day.
So there's rumors that he's going to, I mean, they're just rumors.
There's rumors that he's going to get to do a single player Final Fantasy game.
And I, that would be, I would be huge and I would be really fucking excited if that's
the case.
I mean, I would hope that 14 gets left in good hands while he has time to go do that.
But, um, I would be really fucking excited about that if that happened.
Oh, and yes, Reginator, one character will have more strap-ons.
Oh God.
Moving on.
Speaking, oh, speaking of Final Fantasy 14, gosh, it wasn't supposed to be a segue, but
it worked out.
Final Fantasy 14 has expanded the free trial program.
So, uh, you can now, if you've never played Final Fantasy 14 before, you can now play
up to level 35 as opposed to level 20, you can play up to level 35 with no time restriction
now.
So you're not limited to 14 days.
You can play as long as you want.
However, you do not get to join free companies.
You can join parties and link shells, but not free companies.
Um, so yeah, you can check that out.
That is all of course, to try to get more pre-orders in for Stormblood, Stormblood will
be coming out over the summer.
Those free companies ain't free.
Um, but what's also interesting, the move that 14 is making is that, um, once Stormblood
comes out, they are not going to sell the Heavensward expansion any longer.
It will just be looped right into the base game.
This took Blizzard some time to do with World of Warcraft.
Although to be fair, I believe they do it now.
I believe there's Legion and there's everything up to Legion.
So, um, but for a while you kind of had to buy like two or three expansions to get current.
But, um, yeah, you won't have to do that with Final Fantasy 14.
So that's pretty cool.
Uh, and they're not going to like, they're not going to suddenly charge you more money
or anything like it's just going to be Heavensward will just be included in the cost of the base
game.
It's just all right there.
So that's pretty cool.
Not bad.
Not bad.
The new series is coming to Netflix and yes, this actually is coming to North America,
but it's, um, supposedly something that's starting in Japan.
Uh, it's called Final Fantasy, Daddy of Light.
Now here's the thing, because we can make a lot of jokes about Daddy of Light, um, no,
I think it's just, I think it's just a translation thing.
I don't think, don't, don't take the name too literally you guys too late.
So here's the thing.
It actually is inspired by a blog that was kept by a father and son where they were actually
playing Final Fantasy 14 together, but it helped their own relationship out in that
they were kind of getting to bond.
So it was like they played this game, but they were bonding through the game.
And so it was helping them in real life function as father and son a little more.
So I think it's an interesting story.
So it's not directly about Final Fantasy 14, but Final Fantasy 14 plays like a key role
in the whole storytelling things.
That's kind of neat.
Um, so yeah, you can, uh, there is a trailer out there if you want to check that out.
Uh, yeah, Netflix Japan will get this, uh, April 20th, Netflix Stateside will get it
this fall.
I definitely am interested.
Yeah.
I'd like to check this out too.
You may not know, but Netflix does translate a lot of their shows in for other countries.
So the fact that it's happening this way too, it's kind of cool.
Yeah.
Netflix Japan's game is, although actually in Japan, MBS and TBS are getting this in
Japan as well.
It's not only a Netflix thing, so pretty neat.
Anyway, one more thing for you guys, then we'll get to the classic game of the week.
Let's talk about Call of Duty Infinite Warfare.
Uh, there is a new pack available this week, uh, which you can actually buy this online.
You can buy now a multiplayer voiceover pack featuring Method Man.
That's right.
The rapper, producer, and actor dials up the intensity, updating you on killstreaks, enemy
activity, and adding some extra flavor to every multiplayer firefight.
And so you can actually check out what, uh, oops, there's actually like a YouTube where
you can check out some of this.
Yeah, you heard that.
Thor in position for their submission.
The atomizer strike, waiting for your word, homie.
Hey, yo, my G, you got a drone package at your discretion, that means whenever you want
to use it.
Gun game.
Okay, so if you want Method Man barking in your ear at every corner, you can do that.
Um, the other, uh, pack you can check out is a UK Special Forces voiceover pack, uh,
which is Craig Fairbrass as Ghost from Modern Warfare 2.
Let's go to work.
Care package loaded up and waiting for your mark.
Nice.
Remote uplink successful.
Well, that went pan-shaped, didn't it?
That I would like to, I just want to offer my services to Activision for a Rob Roberts
expansion pack for Call of Duty.
And I think if you guys want this to happen, um, you could actually tweet at Activision
and let them know you would actually pay $2 for a Rob Roberts, uh, voice pack for Call
of Duty Infinite Warfare.
Let me give you a little preview.
You ready?
Thank you.
I was just gonna say, what the hell would you say?
Don't you know that bitch is shooting at you?
Get the hell out of here!
Aim for the head, aim for the head.
We dropped you some shit, use it!
When you want.
Oh my God.
Let's see, uh, JD says, $2 sold and I don't even play shooters.
Kaijuto says, I'd pay five bucks for that.
Act F says, I'd buy the game for that.
Tiger Claw says, Rob's saying, that's gross.
Now that would be my mom, then she could be a whole nother pack of that.
Oh my God, that's gross, did you just, ah, did you, you threw the grenade, that is gross.
I should get my mother in it, doing the angry Spanish translation pack.
Oh, now that I'd buy, getting cursed at in Spanish?
Oh my God.
Mira!
Get the wussies!
Oh yeah, oh please.
I'm just thinking about what my mom would be like.
But if it's featuring the true Spanish household parent, then shouldn't the chancla be a weapon?
We've just alienated the entire listening crowd, but it does not matter because I know
what he meant.
I know how to fucking pay attention when my friends talk about the childhood.
I didn't know what that was until I moved out here too, but I guarantee you in the south,
the equivalent would be, pick your switch.
It'd be that belt coming off.
No, I didn't know about it until I saw Victoria beating her then boyfriend with the chancla,
and it was actually saying like, do you want to get the chancla?
Do you want to get it?
And I was like, the fuck?
And she explained to me the whole, the whole thing.
So.
Oh, that's great.
That's great.
The chancla as a DLC weapon, holy shit.
That's incredible.
All right.
And act deft, by the way, who is our listener in Mexico is just eating this shit up in chat
right now, by the way, just so you know.
What's up act deaf?
I almost, act deaf says fear the chancla.
I almost bought my friend a shirt, the same friend, like a shirt that actually had the,
and for those that don't know, it's, it's, we call it, this is where you usually hear
them called thongs because like the flip flop thongs, but when I hear thong, I think of
butt floss.
So, but the, the, um, you know, the, the flippy flop shoes, but if you didn't know, you could
actually beat somebody with those and it hurts a lot.
So this is wack.
So yeah, exactly.
It's the same thing, like getting hit with a belt too, except the belt flutter.
Just consensual, please.
If you're going to get into that.
All right.
Don't be a bad kid.
Anyhow.
Where were we?
Oh yes.
Method man for call of duty, infinite warfare.
Start tweeting.
Why can't we do our own voice packs for these games?
Why not in the, remember if you, if you were not aware of this, there is an OLR expansion
pack for typing of the dead on steam.
We're actually in the shop.
Yeah.
It was something we did for our 600th episode.
Yeah.
There's like an OLR DLC thing.
It's free.
Cause it's all through the workshop and so you can download and it's all like, like fucking
years old inside jokes from this show.
Like like Cylon, occupied Caprica and jokes that aren't even funny anymore.
Like that you can type in, uh, into the, as the, the, but so Iraqi suicide babies isn't
on there.
I think it is, which is again, before Tumblr reports us, it just goes back to the match
game from long, long, long, long, long time ago.
So anyway, super pale, better be one.
All right.
Can I do a game, Ron?
Yes.
Let's get to the classic game of the week before a method man was out of diapers.
Actually.
Uh, we, uh, we take a trip back to a classic time when a video games were a little bit
different and there was no voice expansion packs for games.
If you didn't like the voices in the game too bad, you could, you, you would do what
everybody on Twitch does now a day and just recite back the words that were on the screen
in your own voices.
That's what, that's what people on Twitch do when they played.
That's right.
Read without reading aloud.
All right.
Here it is.
The classic game of the week.
Dark soccer.
What'd you pick for us?
Well, with all this persona five coming out and everyone losing their shit about it, I
decided to give people a hint into what even led to persona and it was an RPG.
Back on the Super Famicom called Shin Megami Tensei If, which is in the Shin Megami, it's
in the Megami Tensei series, but this is the first RPG of its type in the series that led
to the persona series.
So this game came out in 1994 for the Super Famicom, which was over here at the Super
Nintendo and it is of course a spinoff of the Shin Megami Tensei series.
It's been ported to mobile devices.
There's a PlayStation port, there's a port on windows, and there is a digital version
for the virtual console.
Um, basically it follows a student at, uh, Karakazaka high school after their school
gets sucked into a realm of demons by a vengeful student's demon summoning spell gone wrong.
And so, um, it has a really, it focuses on like a smaller environment.
So within the school in its areas and it actually was really decently received and
of course it had print adaptations, it had a prequel to it, a mobile prequel, and the
high school setting basically is what led to the spinoff persona series.
So know your roots.
So basically you will, um, take the role of a protagonist, um, it's an unnamed male student
or you can play a female student named Tamaki Echida, um, that's, uh, in the later series.
Um, you basically have to explore the school while it's all demon infested and these different
towers that are based on the seven deadly sins.
And then, um, you have this little wrist mounted device called comp and you fight demons in
the turn based battle system.
You have physical and magical attacks, healing attacks, status ailment.
It's an RPG.
I mean, really, but, um, you can also recruit demons in it and bring them into your party.
You also can get other human companions, uh, and then when your player or your other human
dies, they get a guardian spirit who can revive them at the last day point and teach
them new skills and stuff like that.
So the game, I mean, and the big reason I'm bringing it up is because we now are on our
fifth installment of the persona series, all coming from Shin Megami Tensei, which I've
done, um, as a previous classic game, but this one here, I think that this one is the
one to pay attention to.
When it came out, it actually was said to have really dated graphics for its time.
I mean, this is 1994.
I thought it was okay, but it does kind of look like it's not the best quality wise,
but the game itself was, uh, so decently received and really opened the door to, um, to those
future games.
So, um, the other thing about it too is that it's working title is called Shin Megami Tensei
X.
Um, it was where they created that partner system where you could have, um, you know,
basically creating that with multiple different characters in it.
And then, um, they had a lot more that they wanted to do for it.
So of course, a lot of the stuff that was left on the cutting room floor made it into
future games.
Um, and some of the music in the game actually had lyrics written for it.
Um, but you don't hear the song in the game.
You only hear, like, a line of it in the game.
Um, and then it really was supposed to bring in the theme of reincarnation as it's been,
it was supposed to be something that was part of the Shin Megami Tensei series, but didn't
have much representation, um, so that you could keep enjoying the game after you died
in battle.
And you also had lifeboats for people who die in battle.
It's kind of interesting.
The other thing that's cool is if you are a Japanese baseball fan, um, three of the
characters in the games were named after pitchers for the, um, uh, Hokkaido Nippon Ham Fighters.
Um, so, which is actually, like, one of the three baseball teams I know about over there.
There's like them, the Bay Stars, and the Yakult Swallows, which I think is also funny
that they're called the Swallows because you drink Yakult.
Go fig.
Anyway, um, there was, uh, one of the characters, Akira, his transformation was based off of
Devilman.
If anyone's ever seen that.
It was, um, by the guy who did Cutie Honey.
It was a dude who gets basically turned into a demon, so, um, Gonagai, that was his name.
Um, and you know, another character was, uh, based off of a character from Black Jack there.
You know, so there's lots of influences from just general anime and pop culture and sports
history all thrown into the game.
So, um, it came out on October 28th, 1994, and had a re-release on December 26th, 2002
for PlayStation.
Um, I almost liked the PlayStation version, but I wanted the SNES music, so.
The music they did for the PlayStation one is actually pretty good, so.
Um, there are, of course, like I said, there's ports on it, of it, for Virtual Console for
Wii and Wii U.
Um, I think Japan only, of course.
There was a Microsoft Windows for the iRevo PC in 2006, and then there's an Android and
iOS version that came out in 2013.
Um, and that is also the first mobile version of the game.
And then there came another game on April 22nd, 2004 called Shin Megami Tensei Ith Hazama's
Chapter.
Um, and that was for the FOMA 900i mobile phones, and it's a prologue to this game.
So it basically is whatever the character Hazama did right before the incident went
down.
And they offered a limited edition ROM cartridge- Oh, sorry.
They wanted to do a limited edition ROM cartridge of the game, but their budget did not let
it happen.
So basically after this, like I said, there were many, many other, um, iterations of the
story that came out.
There was the manga, which was, um, Shin Megami Tensei Ith School of the Demon Messenger.
Um, uh, there actually got translated into French.
Uh, there was another manga that was Shin Megami Tensei Kan.
And then there was, uh, Shin Megami Tensei Ith Gen of Makai.
Um, so basically a lot of, you know, the big thing is that the settings for the game, the,
the high school setting and some of the mechanics that were introduced in this game are what
led to Persona.
And so this right here is your Persona progenitor.
And if they hadn't branched out and made this spinoff, there'd probably be no Persona.
And that's your classic game.
All right.
I'm sure a lot of Persona fans though, probably, probably check this out in an emulator at
some point just to see, you know, what it's all about.
I will point this out.
Apparently accessories and outfits from this game have been featured in, uh, Shin Megami
Tensei Imagine, and it will be available as downloadable content for Shin Megami Tensei
Persona 5.
Nice.
So.
All right.
Shin Megami Tensei Ith, the classic game of the week, a little bit, a little bit thematic
there.
Uh, we're going to take a quick break though.
We got more Orange Lounge Radio to come.
We're only halfway there.
Are you ready?
No, I'm just kidding.
We're going to, we're going to speed up part B a little bit, I think, so we can get through
the show at a decent hour tonight, but we are going to get to your calls as well at
Orange Lounge Radio on Skype.
You guys are gonna hang out a little longer with us here?
Gabrielle studio a little longer with us, we'll, we'll dish a little more about, uh,
the upcoming event and maybe what else is in store for IGG.
I want to, I want to pick your brain on what else we might have to look for.
I know you probably can't see much past next week right now, but if you want to throw us
anything, what, what else we have to look forward to, we'll talk about that when we
come back from a break, uh, here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Don't go anywhere.
We'll be right back.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio live tonight, episode number 682 of our show
for this April the 2nd of 2017.
Rob Robertson studio with you with Dark Sakura, not Loki tonight.
He's off for the night, but with us in studio, of course, Gabe and Bree from the Sacramento
chapter of the IGDA, that is International Game Developers Association.
Right?
Did I get it right?
Yes, sir.
All right.
And of course the indie arcade event is coming up this Saturday.
And when do doors open?
10 also as well.
Yes.
So this Saturday doors open at 10 o'clock, um, online ticket sales end Monday night at
midnight.
So save $5, get them online.
If you're a local here in Northern California, it's only $10 right now.
So JD get your ticket if you haven't already got it.
If you're a student listening, college, high school, whatever the case may be, it's only
$5 for you and kids under 12 are free.
Oh wow.
You're going to, I hope you don't get the, the Duggar family showing up with like, you
know, 20 kids.
Plus their grand babies.
I think they live, they live far, far away.
So you should be fine.
Yeah.
Video games are probably against their religion anyway.
So all right.
Yeah.
Um, so in addition to Sac Indie Arcade, you know, we've got developers coming from all
over the country.
We even have some people coming in from Puerto Rico, which is weird.
Yeah.
That's great.
Singapore.
Um, so it's going to be a great time, whether you're a casual gamer, hardcore gamer, young
gamer, old gamer, we've got something for everyone.
Of course, OLR is going to be in the house as well.
The most important thing, our VIPs, we got to make sure you guys are taken care of.
And um, one of our offshoots of IGDA Sacramento square one clubs is actually getting ready
to open here in Sacramento.
They, they are a coworking space focused on growing the video game development industry
here in Sacramento.
And um, so they sponsored our progressive game jam for the 2016 2017 season.
We're going to have a special little section for them.
If anyone's familiar with the game jams, usually it's kind of like a hackathon that takes place
over a weekend.
Our game jam has taken place over the course of nine months, so you'll get a chance to
play demos of games developed in a nine month period.
Can you tell us a little more about like this?
Because this shared space thing seems to be this growing trend I see in the tech industry
because I notice, um, like, uh, when, when you guys invited me, which thanks again, by
the way, to, to host the T cubed event that with those guys, uh, we, we talked a little
bit about the success they've had.
And if you guys don't know the T cube thing, they're, they're not a video game per se.
They're more one of those like tangible games.
It's an actual cube that it's, it's, I get the easiest way I can say is tic tac toe on
a cube, but it's more, it's more complex than that, but you just, you've got to trust me
on it.
Um, come play it at any arcade cause I'm sure they're going to be there.
Um, but that was at that hacker lab, which is more of like a, like a, you know, kind
of like a computer development space, but they also have, they have like, cause I know,
um, the gentleman from T cube to talk about, he'd actually crafted some of those cubes
there at hacker labs.
They actually have industrial, like that type of technology and stuff too.
Right.
So, so this space, this square, square one, square one clubs, I can't help but think of
the TV show, which is awesome.
By the way, I don't know if you remember growing up square one.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Okay.
I didn't even have to think, Oh, that's, that's, square one needs to play in homeroom.
I know now, now you're not, okay, okay.
I'm going to work on that, but tell me a little more about what like a collaborative space
like means.
So collaborative spaces in general really invite the community, people from different
um, whatchamacallit, uh, disciplines to come and work together.
You can either work in an office or work in the general area and it's kind of like being
in a coffee shop, but not.
So your membership provides access to internet printers, you know, beverages that may be
in the area.
I think what's really going to define square one clubs as opposed to the other spaces in,
in Sacramento is that, um, we plan to have a studio.
So if there's anybody who would like to broadcast from there, there'll be able to come and use
that facility.
Um, it's going to be focused around video games.
Why don't you just roll out the orange carpet?
I think we're going to have to come on and crash your facility.
Yes.
We invite Twitch streamers, podcasters, um, anyone who wants to come and check that out,
voiceover talent who may want to record something for a call of duty.
Yes.
For that DLC.
Reach out to Marissa.
Yes.
Oh my gosh.
Marissa, our, our pal and just the legit stuff.
It's going to be a very unique space and of course we're going to welcome other types
of software developers and such, but um, the Sacramento game development community is finally
going to have a place to call home.
We've been bouncing around from coworking space to coworking space and we invite everybody
to come in once doors open and you guys will definitely be the first to know.
I want to, I totally, are you allowed to disclose where it is yet or is that still secret?
It's going to be located in East Sacramento.
Like what part?
I'm just curious.
I'm curious.
Like really close to your studio.
Really?
Really.
Is it, is it the space that save point was going to go into?
No.
Okay.
All right.
Cause I know that that was a contested space for a little bit.
So, okay.
All right.
Oh, I'm excited.
I'm excited.
Yay.
Okay.
Uh, but I just want to point out, Bree, I do love the name, but I'm going to play this
for you and now it ain't ever leaving your head.
Okay.
And this is whenever you walk through the doors of your shared space.
Oh man.
It's so nineties.
I know, right?
Oh, this was high school.
It was like, no, Bree, you don't understand.
It was like sketch comedy about math.
I don't, I don't think there is, I don't think there is a nerdier thing in existence than
square one television.
There really is not.
I mean, they, they had, it was, it was sketch comedy and it was all math jokes.
Which me being a number cruncher, I should appreciate something.
Yeah.
You need, I don't know if PBS like fucking sells this stuff on DVD to raise money.
Cause if you know, 45 tries to gut, they're going to, they're going to have to go, go
deep into the archives to figure out how to keep the blights on over there.
So you might be able to get square one on Blu-ray.
So I encourage you to get on that and catch up on math net because they did this whole
parody of that cop show drag net, but it was math net and they use math to solve crimes.
I shit you not.
It was like, no, I'm sad.
I fucking with you when I was 10 years old, that was like the highlight of my Friday was
that math net was going to come to a fucking conclusion that Friday.
And we would find out who fucking stole the baseball or whatever the crime was they were
trying to solve that night anyway, dark to see a points out.
Also math, man, the Pac-Man clone, but with math problems, I remember that.
Oh my heavens.
Okie dokie.
Okay.
Um, so let's see.
Oh gosh.
Anything else quickly?
I know, I know these spaces, this shared space is going to be awesome.
I'm so like just the networking is going to be amazing there.
Um, uh, we, we have to figure out like as some type of, I'm just going to like totally
invite ourselves.
Okay.
Ready as some type of like inaugural event.
I think us and the, the, the game bang and whoever, whoever else, it sounds like I'm
making fun.
I'm totally not.
I love those guys.
No, no, it's their name.
Their studio, their studio is fucking off the hook to like, I thought we were crazy
in our house, but like that guy, they, they, they did, they did some work.
Um, but what was I going to say?
Uh, um, and whoever, whatever other Sacramento podcast I'm not thinking of right now need
to all come do like a super show to like kick that place off.
I think that would be a fun thing to do.
That's a great idea.
Can I just give some props though to our Sacramento game mer community as a whole?
Because last week was huge.
Sac town magazine published two articles, one about square one, one about second year
arcade, um, energy, the e-sports team co-owned by one of the Sacramento Kings.
They had a halftime show with gamers playing games on the big screen and everything.
I mean collectively everyone getting together to make something happen, like we're getting
attention here to our area, to our neck of the woods, and I think everyone should be
so proud.
Yeah, no, I mean this is, I, and again, I feel like, like we've, we've kind of like
literally watched this grow from you guys being here two years ago promoting for what
was for us the first event, uh, into this now it's like, Oh my God, what's this going
to look like in 2020?
What's going on?
And of course, probably Bree is starting to get a heart increased heart rate thinking
about three years down the line, but all right, uh, let's see.
Yeah.
Brad from pop culture says you obviously haven't seen our studio.
No, I mean, I've seen, I've seen pictures.
Some of you, some of y'all are really dedicated to your craft.
Not that we aren't.
I'm just saying it's just like, I'm really impressed when I went over cause I did, I
did their show.
It was a while ago now.
It was probably about a good six months ago.
It was right around the time they were here.
I did their show and I remember walking in their room.
Have you, have you been over to their studio?
It's I'm like, wow, you went full conversion.
You, you committed here.
Like in our place, it's like, it's still kind of half a living room.
Like if I ever had a grandma over or something, I could like put draperies on things and things
would be hidden.
Like, so it wouldn't be so obvious that fucking nerds are here, but like that was, that was
full on commit like in their, in their space.
So props to them.
All right.
Anyhow, uh, we want to move on.
We got to get to, um, some release dates, talk about, uh, what's coming up in stores
this week and we're going to get to our mailbag as well.
So dark soccer, what's coming up in stores this week?
On the seventh, we have, um, in the U S we have, um, the Alchemist and the mysterious
journey on PC, PS4, PS Vita, logo worlds for windows, PS, you know, I'm looking at March,
Rob.
I'm sorry.
Oh, it's April.
That's okay.
And of course the one minute I look the other way to go look at something else.
Okay.
Um, on the fourth, drawn to death, prop of the rapper remastered persona five, Lego city
undercover on the fifth paradigm and the seven bullet storm full clip edition.
Ooh, Lego city undercover was spectacular.
So love that game on Wii U.
And now that I have to completely reevaluate all of my life choices, let me go back and
double check.
Um, the UK and on April 4th we have enter the Gungeon and on the seventh bullet storm
full clip edition.
You're just now getting entered to the Gungeon over in the UK.
That's a fun game.
So it's a rerelease.
Oh, it's like a remastered one.
They just cause, um, it was also on the American releases as I just said, sorry about that.
I hear you.
Well, let's go to Japan right now.
Get on a plane.
Um, BRB over in Japan.
Now this is interesting.
There's not a really a huge game release that I see any way on the PlayStation four this
week.
Um, but they are getting an actual kingdom hearts, 15th anniversary PlayStation four.
So like you can actually get the system and it's decked out and all the little symbols
doesn't like have a giant Sora or anything, but it's got all the little symbols and all
that stuff on it.
So, um, that's, uh, that's a really nice looking piece of technology.
Uh, Vita doesn't really have anything this week either.
I think it's kind of a slower week over in Japan.
We don't really, um, we have some type of a cover on the Nintendo switch, but I don't
really see a lot of game releases this week.
It seems to be just a slower week over in Japan.
Uh, there's one isolated release on the three DS, kawaii pet to cut us.
So one neon and mini, mini animal, which it's all, it's not just kitties.
I mean, there's definitely a neon in there.
I did it.
Well, there's definitely a neon right there.
Front and center.
It's something like cute animals, something.
It's cute.
Oh God, this is so fucking adorable.
I can't.
It's like Nintendog, cats, chinchilla.
That is a bunny, a chinchilla squirrel and an otter.
There's a hedgie up there.
So fucking cute.
So that clearly they cleared the release calendar for two weeks cause everybody's going to be
playing that.
All right.
So that's it for release dates.
How about the mailbag?
We're going to get to our mailbag and uh, just so you guys know, we did cut out rapid
fire news tonight.
We are trying to end at a decent hour tonight and our first half was a little more than
half.
So we are cutting a few corners here tonight just to make sure we wrap up the show in a
timely manner because some of us have to work tomorrow.
So we're going to get to the uh, mailbag this week.
Uh, you guys send us emails, participate at orange lounge radio.com is the place where
you can send us emails.
Holy balls.
Do we get a really long email?
Yeah.
No.
Is it just one though?
No, you have two others.
Okay.
Salutations from across the pond.
I might've read this last week.
Check the date.
Okay.
The 27th.
Is it James Nighthawks?
Yeah, it is.
Yeah.
I don't know how.
Did you also read AZHPs?
No.
Fine.
Okay.
Hey, oh, well, this one's long too.
Hey, O.L.R.
AZHP here.
I'm currently listening to last week's podcast.
We all, where you all talk about Mass Effect Andromeda.
Guess what?
We did it this week too.
And notice that Rob describes Andromeda as being a game that could have been a 10 out
of 10, whereas Zelda can is considered by that to be many, if not for the glaring technical
issues.
I feel that Andromeda is a good game that leans too heavily on previous Mass Effect
games for structure and set up to be a true 10 out of 10 masterpiece.
Rob's story about the transgender character blurting out, I'm transgender.
And Loki saying, I think they were just trying to check a box sums up my feeling about the
game.
It feels like a paint by numbers game across the board.
I'm only a few hours in, but the Pathfinder concept seems like they attempted to fast
forward the human specter concept from the first game.
It's immediately obvious who your future squad mates will be and what their loyalty missions
will be.
Not really.
One per colony ship.
And a lot of writers dialogue options make me feel like I made the wrong choice after
picking it because he sounds so snide and just reiterates I'm the Pathfinder.
And we got this instead of being a closer to a reflection of what I, the player, wanted
to choose as it was in the previous games with Shepard.
For the record, Lady Rider doesn't sound like that.
She sounds sincere.
I don't think that more time with the game would have made it a 10 out of 10.
It would have just made it the same 7 to 8 out of 10 game without animation bugs and
scripting errors, which at the very least are entertaining to see.
In a world where this was the first Mass Effect game, this game would have been an amazing
achievement even 10 out of 10.
But coming off of the first three, and for me personally having loved those games, to
have this be the long awaited sequel just falls a little flat to me.
Finally, and sorry for the length of the email, now you say it, Rob noted that he hopes
that the poor reception to the unfinished nature of the game would not stop a sequel
to the game.
EA has noted in interviews that they think of Andromeda as a standalone game with no
planned sequel.
I can't find a direct source on this aside from Jeff Girtzman, who has been covering
video games for the last 21 years and who I consider a reliable source in the game's
press.
I just want to say to that real quick, I understand that PR put that out there, that doesn't mean
I believe it.
Like, I'm really going to believe that they're going to let the Mass Effect cache egg go.
Come on.
Mentioning that he heard this from a press contact.
This of course does not preclude the sequel from being greenlit, but my guess is that
not having plans to make this into another trilogy along with a tepid response from critics
and players would push them in the direction of not making one.
Sorry again for the long email, just wanted to add my voice to the show and see what you
all think.
Yours truly is HP.
I'm curious.
I welcome the opinion.
And honestly, what's interesting about it is AZHP sounds like he's in a place somewhat
similar to where I was at a week ago.
So I'm curious, how much time did AZHP spend with the game since writing that email and
have the opinions changed at all?
Because the more time I spend with the game, my impression does get more favorable, I think
is important to put out there.
Not that that's going to be the same for everybody.
And certainly, you know, it's the show where every gamer has a voice and there are going
to be some people that feel that Mass Effect gets no stronger than a seven or eight.
And that's that's fine.
You know, and even even if I was saying last week, and this is probably still the case,
although I think at the end of the day, I'm going to enjoy Andromeda and I probably would
say Mass Effect Andromeda is probably going to be better than one.
Not sure.
I mean, again, I have to beat it to really know, but I'm not sure it's going to outpace
two or three.
I still think when all is said and done, two and three are going to be better games for
me.
But like, I don't have the flaming hate boner that Twitter seems to have for this game in
some regards.
That's the only thing that's like concerning me a little bit is that there's a lot of hater
aid out.
My biggest hate was the character creation.
I mean, really.
But like, I even sent like a positive tweet to BioWare saying that I really loved the
rendering of fabric textures in the game, because with my new graphics card, I can see
the leather looks like fucking leather.
The vinyl looks like vinyl canvas looks like canvas.
And to me, a lot of times you can find a rendered game.
It takes a lot of work to render texture that well.
And so I was super impressed with that.
I mean, graphically, it's an amazing game.
I do want to make sure we point out at some point, too, because I don't think it's come
up on the show yet.
But BioWare has said they're going to be releasing some details.
I think it was April 4th.
So like Tuesday, I think it was.
They're going to be releasing additional details about what the future of Andromeda will look
like.
A big part of it is addressing some of the concerns that have come out on Twitter.
So like how the Turians are going to eat.
I don't.
We don't know.
Like, we don't know what they're going to address.
Could it be a DLC announcement?
Could it be a free patch announcement?
Are they going to do something like they did with the extended cut for three?
I don't know.
So so we won't know till the next show to put out a deluxe upgrade for those of us who
are strong armed into buying the regular version.
OK.
That would be nice.
So the last email.
It's called Shane.
Hello, O.L.R.
Given recent gaming and movie releases, I feel like we're missing someone's input.
Any chance Shane will chime in on the show tonight with his thoughts on Andromeda Power
Rangers or the switch in Breath of the Wild and answer no unless he calls.
I know this seems a bit of an odd request, but I miss the sassy molassie.
Sincerely, Ospher.
Shane, call.
Please.
And that's it.
Dun dun dun.
Phil Time, Phil Tech, I'm actually texting Shane right now, but I believe they are taping
Ranger pride right now.
Well, what's he doing that for?
Well, here's some stuff.
Speaking of Zelda, there are apparently going to be a patch for Breath of the Wild.
Just a little update, but it's supposed to just make it more pleasant.
Like, what the fuck does that mean?
Not really anything perceptible.
And of course, the prop of the rapper soundtrack got released in Japan.
If some people who are in Japan right now, oh, wait, they're not in Japan anymore.
Never mind.
Yes, Spike, Spike is left and Christy is now on her way over here, so.
She's already over here.
So I was checking with Shane.
Well, I could go ahead and also speak of another thing.
That there's going to be free DLC for Super Bomberman R and that M2 is handling the Seiken
Densetsu port, so that's also good too, right?
Yeah, actually, that is great because those other ports they did were good.
I still want to know if they're going to re-translate Seiken Densetsu 3.
Did you hear about this, by the way, Jamie?
Seiken Densetsu collection on the Switch.
So it's one, two, and three, but it's only confirmed for Japan right now.
Well, it'd be nice if we got it over here.
I really like Seiken 3.
Of course, I also like Secret of Mana.
The later games were not so much.
Well, if you would like, I can also move on to one other story.
Yes, and just so you know, Shane is signing on Skype right now.
I guess they're done with Ranger Pride.
Just so you know, Captain Spike was in Japan, so they have not got to talk about the Power
Rangers movie yet, which is kind of a big fucking deal, the fact that there's a Power
Ranger.
Did you see the Power Rangers movie yet?
I want to.
It's not bad.
It's not bad.
Okay.
I'm starting to agree more with the people that are saying it should have just been a
CW TV show.
No, like for real, some of the CW TV shows are actually like, I really want to check
out Riverdale.
CW gave us Supernatural, which I stopped watching in season nine, and they're on season 11.
My God.
Can you make sure you have that email up from the person that was questioning?
I closed the email already.
Can you bring it back up real quick?
Sure.
Please?
Okay, because I'm going to get Shane on the line here on the show.
If I could.
All live radio, but you know what?
You won it.
You got it.
We're willing to give you what you need.
Hi, Shane.
You there?
Yeah.
How you doing?
Fine.
I'm just laying in bed.
Oh, I'm sorry to wake you.
I wasn't asleep.
I was typing up my thoughts on Mass Effect.
I bet you have a lot of thoughts on Mass Effect, actually.
Are you going to do an article for VOG?
You asked me or told me I should.
I don't know.
I'm just typing random things about it right now.
It's no pressure.
Okay, so we have an email this week in our mailbag, Shane, that you needed to hear.
So is Jamie ready to go with that?
Real quick.
Okay, here we go.
Given recent gaming and movie releases, I feel that we are missing someone's input.
Any chance Shane will chime in on the show tonight with his thoughts on Andromeda Power
Rangers or the Switch in Breath of Wild?
I know this seems a bit of an odd request, but I miss the sassy molassie, and that comes
from Ospher.
All right.
This is not sassy or molasses or whatever that was.
Maybe a little molasses.
Maybe a little bit.
All right.
So we actually are having a request for your take on this.
Now let me start with Power Rangers, because I'm sure you're going to talk about this on
Ranger Pride.
So I don't want to ruin this discussion too much, but give us the quick high-level take
on Power Rangers.
Hold on.
You have to keep stalling for time, because I'm switching to my headphones.
Oh, okay.
Well, I...
Rob, let's go to the movie theaters that have the cushy seats.
Actually Shane took me to those theaters.
They're really nice.
Well, I need to go and have someone watch that movie with me, because Dancer's Fuck
will go.
I will take you to see...
God, am I really going to see that again?
I want to go see...
Have Shane take you.
He'll go for the seventh time.
Shane, will you go see Power Rangers with me?
For a fifth time?
Of course I would.
Awesome.
And then you can take me to see Beauty and the Beast, because nobody will go with me
to see Beauty and the Beast.
Oh, I will go with you.
Thank you.
But I also need someone to go to see Logan with me.
I'm sorry.
Will you go see Beauty and the Beast, a date movie, Dark Sakura?
Well, it's not like we haven't had friend dates before.
Thank you.
Because Shane wouldn't go, because he said it's something I had to take Alan to.
That is exactly what I said.
That is correct.
I will be your platonic date.
Thank you.
See, you can recognize that you can just be friends and go, and it's fine.
Anyway.
So, Shane, Power Rangers, what's your quick take?
And then we'll make people listen to you.
Well, I've seen it four times already, and I just made plans to see it at fifth.
I don't really know if much else needs to be said.
All right, fair enough.
So stay tuned to Ranger Pride for the rest.
Okay.
Switch and Breath of the Wild.
I love my Switch.
Breath of the Wild is probably my favorite Zelda game, since I already beat it.
I didn't get everything in it.
But it's a really good game.
But the more I reflect on it, even though I still say it's my favorite Zelda game, the
more I realize that it feels like there's two hours of content in the entire game, and
that's really it.
But I played it for 60.
Interesting you put it that way.
Is that just because a big chunk of the game is just finding stuff and exploring, but the
game might lend itself really well to speedrunning?
Well, I think it does.
I think people are under an hour and beating it now.
And I think it's because it's all open world now.
You have kind of less of a path that you have to take.
And the stuff in between story points can be as long or as short as you really want
it to be.
For the record, the speedrun world record is at 45 minutes.
Yeah.
Naked.
So...
What?
Naked?
Like the speedrunner was naked?
The character.
He's running around in his shorts.
And yeah, because you really wouldn't be collecting any items, really.
I would think.
Yeah.
You get all of the first few shrines and then you can run on right to the castle.
I was like, what kind of speedrunning marathons are they doing these days?
Alright.
So, but you like the Switch overall system too?
Oh yeah, the Switch is fantastic.
I am so glad I have one.
And I think it's Nintendo's right step in the right direction for the first time in
a long time.
In terms of the consoles.
Can you try to give us the why?
Why?
Because it plays to both of their fanbases.
I'm more of a handheld person, so I can lay in bed and play my console game just laying
down in bed.
Or I can take it with me.
Whereas other people I know still only really use it as a TV device.
And so we get to do both things.
And now, for me, what's really cool, and I tried this out when they were doing it during
the test fire, is that you can, you know, for Splatoon 2.
I have the capability of making my phone a personal hotspot so I can make that a wireless
go-to for my Switch if I was on the go and play Splatoon online with people.
Yeah, that's gonna be awesome.
I'm looking forward to the, I know you don't do this stuff as much, but the convention
type stuff where there's gonna be like several people all with their Switches and we can
all kind of play a game of like Mario Kart or Splatoon or something.
Yeah.
Or Fast RMX, which is really good.
Or Bomberman, which is really good.
I heard they patched that, so I gotta try that again post-patch now.
And there's free DLC coming out.
Yeah, I heard about that.
I don't know, like somebody must have taken over Konami or something because Konami's
doing some weird stuff.
It's almost like they're on the shade button.
I accidentally closed that tab, all right, that was all right.
Okay, so now, all right, everybody get your chairs and your air mattresses.
Here we go.
Mass Effect Andromeda.
Is amazing.
And if I can be, you know, just a little bit critical for a second, like all the critics
that gave it low scores need to go fuck themselves because it's so good.
Okay, hold on, hold on.
I want you guys to...
You really shouldn't have shut that shade button down.
No, hold on, hold on, hold on.
You guys need to understand something.
Shane doesn't swear, like ever.
Unless I'm playing Overwatch or Splatoon or games.
Curse it, Splatoon.
No, here's the thing.
Like I'll be like, Shane, it's my birthday.
Just give me a good hearty fuck you.
And he'll be like, no, I don't swear.
I don't do that.
Do you see that Shane just very casually dropped the F bomb there.
So he made it.
And now I have it on tape.
That's the best part of this.
That's what you can use.
You can use that for the voice pack for Call of Duty.
Yes, exactly, exactly.
So okay.
Wow.
So I just want to say when Shane tells somebody to go fuck themselves, he means it.
So you are not happy with the critics here.
I don't understand like at all.
It feels like now that I'm done with the game for now, it feels like Mass Effect 1 where
the game starts off slow, but you know, most Bioware starting stories do.
And then it ramps up incredibly.
And by the end, like every 10 minutes, my mind was being blown left and right.
I was like, oh my God, this is so good.
I don't want it to end.
And I legit got sad when it was over as like, I need DLC now I need my plans for I need
to hear about the plans for Andromeda 2.
Like I can't do this.
I just spent 75 hours on this game because that's what my total time said.
With 96% complete, I'm like, I just need more like now.
Do you think the ramp up or the I guess because the game has a bit of a slower ramp up I guess
and the fact that EA did that, I don't think it did like, I think that's wrong too.
I don't think it has a slow ramp up like compared to other EA games.
When Mass Effect, you go play Mass Effect 1 right now and you tell me besides the fact
that you're shooting guns in the first 10 minutes of the game, basically how quick that
ramp up was, it wasn't at all.
Well you do meet the antagonist on the first planet and you get a squad member shot in
the first five minutes that you think is going to be with you the whole game.
I mean, you do.
I don't remember.
They look like fodder to me.
Yeah, well, whatever.
All right, whatever.
All right.
Um, let's see.
What else I want to ask you about Mass Effect.
I mean, we already spent a lot of time talking about tonight, so I don't want to spend too
much time.
Oh, I know we Gabe and I were mentioning before, um, that whole sequence in the vault, uh, in
the very, very first vault, and I'm trying to try to say a little spoiler free, but there's
an escape sequence in that first vault.
Right.
And I just thought that that was the moment when the game really started to like pick
up the pace.
And that was just, that was just like a graphically stunning that whole vault and everything was
really stunning scene.
And then the kind of like the way they did that scene and the pressure that's on you
in that scene.
Um, it was like really, really good.
And I guess that's the point where the demo cut off, right?
That's before the demo or sorry, that's after the demo cut off the demo cuts off right before
you actually enter the vault.
See, that's why I thought that demo did the game of disservice too, because I don't, you
don't think there was a shift kind of when that whole sequence started?
No, cause I really, until you get all your squad mates and kind of establish what's going
on in this galaxy, I feel like that's all ramp up to me.
And so that, that, that probably takes a good 20, 30 hours if you're doing side quests and
stuff like that.
And so, yeah, I just, I don't understand.
It's my favorite game of the year already.
When I beat resident evil sevens, finally something did so Zelda wasn't number one already.
Like when I beat Zelda, I already put it under resident evil cause like resident evil seven
was way better than Zelda.
So no, now Mass Effect is taking the top honors and I don't see anything taking that away.
Um, quickly, we've talked about Mass Effect a lot tonight, so I want to move on.
That's all I like to talk about.
I know, I know.
I'll give you one more thing.
The multiplayer, nobody's talking about multiplayer.
Do you have any quick takes on multiplayer?
It's like multiplayer from three except you can jump around and it leads to some pretty
hilarious situations.
Like when you're, there's one time I was playing and this guy died, but he was on the other
side of the map and my roommate was watching me play and the way I got to him, I was just
like, cause I'm a vanguard and if you don't know what that is, I don't care.
But I was charging across the map to an enemy and then once I hit the enemy, my focus wasn't
on the enemy.
It was just to get me over there.
And then I jumped and I dashed to the side like sideways and then I charged another enemy
that was directly in front of me and then I just dashed without jumping to the other
side and I got to the, to the squad mate and my roommate was like, wow, that looked very
like planned.
I was like, well, I knew what I had to do, but yeah, it looked very fluid and like kind
of cinematic almost.
It was really neat.
And the difficulty versus Mass Effect 3 for multiplayer, I think is no joke.
Like I think this is a much harder multiplayer, whatever you want to call it, like just much
harder than what Mass Effect 3 was even on bronze difficulty.
All right.
Any other games you want to quickly give a shout out to while you're here?
With the Switch, I finally got to play Shovel Knight.
I had not touched, I've never played Shovel Knight until then and I think it's an amazing
game and if it had come out this year, I probably would put it on my top list as well, but I
can't because it came out like three years ago or whatever.
You could retroactively change your list from 2014 or whatever.
Nope.
Nope.
That's cheating.
Okay.
All right.
Fair enough.
Everybody, if you want to hear more of Shane's opinions on things like the Power Rangers
movie, check out Ranger Pride available.
VOG Network.com has the latest episodes and of course they also air here Wednesdays and
Fridays.
Because Gabe and Brie are here tonight promoting the indie arcade event, is there any chance
you're going to come out on Saturday and maybe say hi?
I don't know.
I feel like I might have something that day, like sleeping.
Boo.
Boo.
I know I'm terrible.
Yell at him.
No.
All right.
Or you know what, I might start my next playthrough of Mass Effect now that I have to chart out
how to get 100% and all the choices I want to make.
All right.
We didn't want you there anyway.
All right.
I didn't want you there.
All right.
All right.
Shane, take care.
Bye.
Bye.
All right.
We'll go ahead and open up the Skype line.
I think it's probably a good segue for us to take some more calls.
So we'll try to fit in a couple more calls here.
Orange Lounge, are you okay over there, Brie?
Don't take him seriously.
He's just a...
Yeah.
All right.
Orange Lounge Radio.
All one word on Skype if you want to give us a call or 1-877-GAME-OLR if you want to
do it the old fashioned way.
And of course, Gabe and Brie are here as well.
If you have any questions about game development, tonight is a great night for those types of
fans.
I do want to give a couple of quick shout outs here before we jump right into the phone
lines with some news.
Speaking of game development, how many y'all out there using Unity?
Use Unity for yourself?
I am, as a matter of fact.
You hear about this?
5.6 Unity is going to be bringing native Nintendo Switch support into Unity.
So obviously, Nintendo Switch is a new opportunity for folks.
There's already...
Now, Unity can already support Nintendo Switch.
Super Bomberman, Snipperclips.
Those were already on Unity, but there's going to be more support, or native support
I guess, for Nintendo Switch available with Unity.
These other games were created on an older version of Unity, which was not native, but
that's just going to make it easier.
Very much.
So that's going to be awesome.
All right.
Let's see.
That is what's happening with Unity, 5.6.
Let's go to the phones.
It's lighting up right now.
Let's take a call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hi, this is Reed.
Sorry, got a little feedback there.
This is Reed Junior.
Hey, buddy.
What's on your mind tonight?
Not much.
I'll try to make this short and sweet, because your show is already running as long as it
is.
Well, you know.
Yeah, actually, I was going to call in about some sales that I've noticed that I think
a lot of your listeners may like to know about.
Wait.
I got to ask you.
Wait, wait, wait.
Because you're all up on all this stuff.
Here's the one I really want to know about.
I heard something that GOG.com was taking old CD serial keys, and you could put them
in GOG.com.
Is that true, or is that an April Fool's joke?
Yes and no.
There's a very limited selection of games that you can do that with.
I can't remember all that is included.
I think at least one or two of the old stalker games you can do that with.
But like I say, it's very, very limited.
That's better than a sale, because that's getting to use something I already own from
like ten years ago.
That's awesome.
I just want to make sure I was out there.
What's even better is that I think your show is mentioned before some time ago, but last
year they introduced a service called GOG Connect, where you tie your Steam account
to your GOG account, and every so often if they can work out deals with the publisher,
if you've got such and such game on Steam, you get the GOG version for free.
Yeah, I had that happen with something I own, so that was pretty cool.
But even that they haven't done a whole lot lately, it kind of comes and goes in spurts.
You'll more likely see something happen with that right around the time they have the major
seasonal sales.
I steered you off course a little bit.
What sale did you want to talk about tonight?
Unfortunately these sales that I'm about to mention are probably going to be expiring
on Monday.
Well god damn it, Rage Nator, what am I going to do with that?
Well, unfortunately those that catch the show on the podcast, sorry guys.
Let's hear about everything you missed.
Let's hear about all these great deals that you fucking missed because you're not here
live.
Yeah, but they had sales on some of the adventure games, like the best series, they had sales
and in fact I picked up like the original missed Riven, the sequel and missed five over
the past year or two, right off the bat right there, they, hang on I'm going to have to
look at my account real quick to tell you exactly everything that is or has been on
sale.
In fact, they had the Deponia games on sale, the Broken Sword series on sale, Back to the
Future Walking Dead games were on sale.
Oh there you go.
I bet Bree would be, if Bree liked the Wolf Among Us and those other Telltale games just
a matter of time before he gets sucked into all the rest of them too, Telltale's got a
pretty good formula.
Walking the Wolf Among Us was one of the games that's on sale and even LucasArts games like
Day of the Tentacle, yes, in fact I picked that up so, I mean.
Here's the thing, if you're like, well gee this doesn't do me any good because it's already
Monday and I'm listening on the podcast feed, here's what you all need to do, you all got
smart phones, whether you got Android, whether you got iPhone, whether you have a Microsoft
phone I guess, they all have calendars, so you need to set yourself a reminder like every
Sunday morning or something, like if Sunday morning for you is at one in the afternoon
then fine, set yourself a reminder, check Steam Store, check GOG, check whatever stores
you shop on, you gotta set yourself a little reminder because otherwise you're gonna miss
shit.
Because all the good deals are on the weekend.
Yeah, I was gonna say, yes, I realize that a lot of people out there have the jobs to
go to, plus they have to worry about family obligations, etc., etc., etc., therefore
you can't spend as much time on the computer as I do.
That being said, if at all possible, do pretty much like what you suggested, like pick up
a date and time during the week, let's say for example, Saturday at noon, check the storefronts
on both services, then of course, one thing I tend to follow for information on free giveaways
is this one site, it's kind of a news aggregate for free giveaways, it's called EpicBundle.com,
in fact, I even follow them on Facebook and they'll let me know, origins giveaway, need
for speed for free, here's a link to it, you can grab that, or no, Steam's giving away
the walking dead for free, you can grab that here.
So I love this, comments in chat over at live.foggenetware.com, actdef says, Ragenator just needs to work
for CheapAssGamer at this point, Hitstun says, I watch the slick deals front page RSS feed,
but that's not just for games.
And these are both good tips, get a Twitter account if you don't already have one, and
follow some of these, like CheapAssGamer, that's their bread and butter is following
this type of stuff, and there's other well-known Twitter people out there that like to tweet
about the sales and so forth, so get a Twitter account, that's a good way to stay on top
of this stuff too, just don't follow creepos, but you can follow us at OLR, you can follow
me, my personal account, at Skye, S-K-I-E, I really want to get at Rob Roberts, but a
fucking spammer has that right now, so if y'all can report him, I'd appreciate that,
you can follow DarkSakura as well, you can follow Nascent Games, and Bree, you're on
Twitter as well, right, is that a personal or a business, can I give that out here?
I'm all out there.
You're all out there, Bree, A-E-A.
Yes.
There it is.
And follow Sack Indie Arcade.
Yes!
You guys, it's really easy, because you guys are really good at like retweeting all your
stuff, so like once you follow one, you'll get all the others.
Yes.
Yeah, so it's very easy, very easy.
All right, Rage Nator, I gotta let you go, so we can get more calls.
Sure, have a nice night.
You too, take care, buddy.
Yep, you too.
Bye.
All right, everybody in chat room giving out their Twitter handles there.
All right, let's see if we, we can probably squeeze in one more call, Orange Launch Radio,
all one word on Skype, or 1-877-GAME-OLR.
I wanted to make sure we talked about some movies here before we end the show tonight.
For one, I know, well it's Bummer, Loki's not here, because I know he's looking forward
to this, but the Ready Player One film is gonna be coming out in 2018, the new release
date is March 30th, 2018, for Ready Player One.
That is a pushback, it was originally going to be this Christmas, December 15th, in time
for the Christmas season, however, if it had not moved, it would have been going up against
Episode 8.
Yeah, so, by the way, Warcraft movie did the same thing, it had to retreat into March because
of Episode 7.
It should have kept retreating, but anyway, well, yeah, it didn't, it didn't, it worked
so well.
I liked it.
Yeah, there were, honestly, I didn't hate the Warcraft movie, I really didn't.
I was expecting to really dislike it, but I was like, it actually really wasn't that
bad.
I just, I think they just marketed it wrong.
I don't know how it's definitely what they did.
I think they just really marketed it wrong.
But anyway, Ready Player One will hopefully do well in 2018, on March 30th.
Last call for calls at Orange Lounge Radio, all one word, on Skype.
But the other big movie, and I know y'all are excited for this, Wreck-It Ralph 2 has
its official subtitle, it's called Wreck-It Ralph 2, Ralph Breaks the Internet, Starting
with Twitter.
No, I'm sorry, I threw that in there myself, but we're just kind of hoping that's where
he'll start.
No, I just, I loved, there's a lot of great stuff under, there's a lot of stuff I really
love on Twitter, and people I've really come to know and appreciate on Twitter, but there's
a lot of fuckheads on Twitter too.
Yes.
So, it's just, I hope Wreck-It Ralph comes out and is like, I'm gonna wreck it, and takes
all those egg icons and just, or the Mr. Creeper, Ms. Creeper icons.
He takes the egg icons, put them in a blender, and has a protein shake.
That's right.
That's right.
So, there you go.
Maybe that'll hit, it's Fix It Felix will fix Twitter.
If you know, I, what was the tweet I wrote earlier this week, because y'all know I get
sassy on Twitter sometimes, there was a tweet I wrote that said something like, congratulations
Twitter on removing the at replies so that, you know, now you have more characters.
Could you next work on removing cyberbullying and abuse?
I saw that.
That was, that was glorious.
Honestly, I feel like every, I feel like that's a recycled joke, that like I used that exact
same joke the last feature, Twitter, unveiled.
It's like, so how long until we get, anyway.
Let's see.
In chat, they're also talking about movies in chat, Tigerclaw says, anyone see Ghost
in the Shell this weekend?
I thought it was good, but it didn't do well at the box office.
Number three with 19 million, Beauty and the Beast at number two with 47 million.
Do you know what movie was number one?
And I'm sorry, this movie looked awful.
The boss, not the Power Rangers, that movie was good.
The Boss Baby.
Seriously?
And fucking talking baby movies, it's all those families and shit.
Did you see Get Out?
No, I really want to.
It was so good.
I would see that again.
Even though I know exactly what's going to happen now?
We need to go on movie dates like every night this week.
Double feature.
We're going to see Power Rangers.
We're going to say, you can't theater hop at the new theaters.
Did you know that?
It's impossible to theater hop.
Because I actually overheard them saying, they were talking to some kids that they ejected
and they said, we have sensors in the seats and we sell them by the seats.
And so if a seat is being sat in that we didn't sell, we know.
And I was like-
That's right, because you picked the seats.
You picked the seats when you were by the tickets.
They fucking solved the problem with theater hopping.
Those smart assholes.
Unless you sit in the aisle.
I guess we're still on the ground.
Hell no.
We won't go.
All right.
Anyway.
See, I don't know about that.
Because when Monet and I went to see Get Out, there were these people that were totally
sitting in the wrong seats and no one ejected them.
Oh, interesting.
So.
Maybe.
Because they weren't kids.
Anyway.
All right.
Nobody else is calling in on Skype line.
So I guess that's going to do it.
I guess, you know, WrestleMania and people went to bed, whatever.
But you can always email us.
Participate at OrangeLoungeTradio.com.
You can also, well, it is after midnight on the East Coast.
You can also send us a tweet at OLR.
So we do read them to ourselves even if we don't always read them on air.
Because there's just a lot of other stuff.
So I always get lost on Twitter.
But I do read everything.
I'll heart your tweets.
I do.
So I like hearting tweets.
I read it and I liked it.
Thank you very much.
All right.
Ah.
We've got to wrap up tonight.
Gabe.
Bree.
Thank you guys so much for being here.
It's always fun to have you guys here.
You guys are so much fun.
Thank you.
Thank you guys.
I'm so grateful for this.
I'm so looking forward to Saturday.
I know you guys are working your little tushies off.
And I know things are going to go wrong and it's going to feel like the end of the world.
But you know what?
You guys are doing such a great thing for Sacramento.
Remember, nobody's going to notice the little shit.
Somebody's not going to show, you know, something weird is going to happen, but don't worry
about it.
It's going to be OK.
That's right.
Do them yoga exercises Saturday morning.
Let it out.
Shake it off.
Let it go.
Let it go.
Or the Taylor Swift song.
Shake it off.
Shake it off.
All right.
But you guys are going to have a fantastic event Saturday.
I'm so looking forward to it.
And then we can start talking about 2018.
Hell yeah.
Yes, sir.
All right.
So, Bree, one more one more plug, anything you want to plug, any place we should follow
you all that good stuff.
Sacramento Indie Arcade is coming on Saturday, April 8th from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.
The updates are still available online, indiearcade.org.
You can get all the information.
Follow us on our social media.
We're updating that like every hour.
And we welcome everybody.
It's a safe space for all.
So, you know, come out, hang with us, party with us.
It's going to be a great time.
There's even speaking of party with us, there's an after party, too.
We didn't talk about that tonight, but there's an after party and it's going to get lit in
South Sac because the after party, I don't know how y'all plan this, the after party
is next door to Rocky Horror, which I'm hosting.
So yeah, I got to somehow do both.
I'm going to be in both places at the same time.
We recommend the after party for the 18 and up.
Well, yes, this place also serves alcohol and Shane, maybe they're saying the F word
at people.
Bring it, Shane.
Yeah.
Love it.
All right.
Looking forward to it.
Best of luck with the event and everything.
I'm so excited.
Thank you.
Gabe, any plugs you'd like to give?
No, no.
Yeah.
I mean, the main thing is primarily, as Brianna said, you know, in the arcade coming up that,
you know, the Saturday, you know, ticket prices will be $10 for the rest of the week.
He goes up on the day of, so it goes up to 15.
Don't procrastinate.
Yeah, do not procrastinate.
Sacramento, you're so addicted to complacency.
Stop it.
So be sure to come through.
Yeah.
Get your tickets early.
If you lived here long enough and you followed the Kings at all, you know, you're always
going to get fucked in the last quarter.
That is so, that is the greatest thing I have heard this entire weekend.
So do not wait until the last quarter because you're going to get beat.
Yeah.
Or fouled out.
Anyways.
So yeah.
So yeah, definitely come through, you know, definitely come through for that.
It's going to be another very inspirational event, very memorable event.
Yeah.
And then, you know, with the, with joking earlier about Crumple, Crumple will be out
this month.
Crossing Fingers this month.
I've had to push it back a little bit just because, you know, again, it's just one other
guy and myself and, and I'm working on Kinship and I'm working on my, you know, other stuff.
If you don't make it, you can always just say April Fools.
Right.
Next year.
Yeah.
But yeah.
It's going to be another club.
Yeah.
So, um, but yeah, if you, if you're following me on Twitter, uh, check out my Twitter page
and you'll be able to see on the pinch tweet how to pre-order Crumple again, it's just
$1 for the pre-order $2 when it comes out, uh, episode two is already in the works.
So, um, yeah, there's going to be, there's a lot of stuff happening this year.
So yeah, it's going to be good.
So thank you guys so much for everything.
Thank you.
Thank you.
We'll be back again before the next event.
There's always some reason to have our pals on the show here, another event coming up
or something like that.
So, uh, keep in touch XOXO hearts.
All right.
All right.
We'll see you soon.
We'll see you Saturday.
We'll be broadcasting live, but please come up to the black box and say hi on air at some
point.
Of course.
Of course.
Um, real quick before we officially sign off, I want to say, of course, as always, uh, thank
you very much for checking out our show.
Uh, we appreciate if you could help us spread the word, tell a friend or five or 20 about
the show, because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but, uh, without the voices
here, we can't hear them.
Uh, we don't, uh, we don't really put ads in the show.
We don't really make a lot of money off doing this stuff.
We just do it for the fun of it.
Uh, that also means we don't have a big multimillion dollar website backing us up or anything like
that.
Um, so, you know, we, we need, we need help.
We need word of mouth.
So, uh, a nice five star review on a place like iTunes or Google podcasts or wherever
it is that you found this show, that stuff all goes a very long way as well.
I look to my left ever and always calamity, Jamie and her final thought tonight resist.
And my final thought tonight is peeps.
Goodnight everybody.
We will see you in seven days.
Thank you so much girl.
Um, why that's it?
We're done.
We're out of here.
Well, actually, no, we won't see you.
We won't see you in seven days.
Six days at the second, the arcade event, and then we'll see you, uh, like eight days
after that.
Cause we won't be here live next Sunday.
So everybody have a good week off, uh, support Bobby, who I think will still be alive that
night and all those indie podcasts and hardworking individuals out there.
Have a great night, everybody.
Bye.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show.
Tune into vog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific, 9 PM Eastern the views and opinions
expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge
radio or vog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
