Oh! Message for you sir! Attention!
which may contain hot monkey sex.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge will not contain hot monkey sex.
In this episode...
Hey, is any gold down there?
That's the biggest berry I've ever seen, Jingleberry.
What's your favorite security movie?
Showgirls. Absolutely frightening.
What's yours?
There are no stupid questions, just stupid people.
Don't torture yourself. That's my job.
I don't get you, my pretty, and your little dog, too!
I know kung-fu.
I'm sorry, but all questions must be submitted in writing.
Why did they have to take the word gay?
No! What I expect for Spanish exposition is handsome.
Hey!
Dark Sakurai.
Shut up!
Where's my gun? This is my boomstick.
Sky.
Come on, girls, it's time to drop the bomb.
Loki.
I can't, for the life of me, get the hooker to have sex and wait.
What kind of warped human being would find that funny?
Orange Lounge Radio
We are live, and this is episode number 36 for March 9th of 2003.
We're live from La Casa de Jamie tonight, so with me...
Yeah, fuck my mixer. It won't let me play waves in the background.
Well, with me, of course, she needs no introduction.
Say hello to Darksack, who are also known as Jamie.
welcome to my house welcome to hell get the fuck out my house bitch
and joining us as usual say hello to the tech master loki
tech master i think i need to change the title like what
welcome everybody inter say hello to the show's bitch loki
hey bitch uh i thought that was uh someone else
yeah where's our intern everybody say hello to the asshole loki
That'll do.
How are you today, asshole Loki?
I'm fine.
And joining us, of course, our interns.
Say hello to Zero.
I am not Orange Lounge's bitch.
No, you just give head.
No, like interns do.
Never mind.
I was going to be mean, but never mind.
Be mean.
Come on.
This is Orange Lounge.
You can be mean.
Fine.
also joining us in studio say hello to dark answer yet
how are you doing how are you gentlemen
how's your weekend
this little man
it's but wait a minute it's been about well i don't know it's probably about
twenty five weeks as we've had you on the show so how's the past like four
months been
uh... well
long story
okay fair enough
also with us
twenty five weeks on the show i'm i think that's about a
six months
i can do math
this is what happens when you drop out of college stay in school be cool alright
and uh... also with this night say hello to us in your book out
how are you
that now set up a
soon just to get a look at
i want to make a rhyme with booyah sizes
and bombay
i called him by his nickname tonight so you wouldn't cut me
good job
how are you appreciate it uh...
doable tired
skydia but uh... i'm pretty good
i see you're wearing your uniform yes i just got off about
two hours ago
and off
uh... jimmy said you got off
also with us uh... say hello to puppy wolf
how are you you just came
from downstairs you're playing animal crack
killing roaches
jim played about it
I know, but there's like tons of them.
I killed twenty so far.
The last time you played Animal Crossing was when Joe was on the show last, I think.
No, it was like a month ago.
Did you like what I did with your house?
I gave you a matching floor and wall and some furniture that went with that set. It's the cabana set.
Like trading spaces.
Have you ever watched that show?
My mom watches that.
They're the best of season one of that stupid show on DVD now. Sad.
I'm waiting for the gay wedding's DVD. That show's the shit.
Oh, God. What?
We're giving a shout-out. Shout-out!
Do shout-outs, Jamie.
Yo! All you people who want shout-outs, yo, I'm just not gonna name anybody.
What's up, Jerry?
Yo.
What's up? Okay.
Anyway, I say we go to a break.
Hello to our chat room. If you want to join our chat room, go to orangelounge.skie.cx and come chat.
and then you should also post in our forums, because our forums have been kind of dead, and we need people to post in them.
Not in the quote forum, my god.
No, not the quote forum.
Whoa, but everything else has been dead.
So we need people to go there and post love letters, if you wouldn't mind.
I need a lot of attention, and so does Jamie.
Jamie likes attention, so go post your love and affection letters to Jamie, and then Loki, tell him what a dick he is.
Jerk.
Tell him you don't appreciate those racial slurs and homophobic comments, and what else has he said on this show?
Yeah, you porn-monger you.
What the hell? I'm like totally opposite from everyone I'm perceiving me as.
Like some crazy racist guy out there.
I should just shave my head and join the Ku Klux Klan and shit, man.
I don't know what the problem is.
You were saying, Loki?
All I have to say is you should have been there last night.
We were playing this game, loaded questions.
And Brad had to answer this question,
What's the problem that you would fix in America and he said well we should get rid of all the I'll just leave the rest
Of your imagination, but he got a lot of stuff thrown at him
All right
Yeah deprivation and now you had a lot to draw we'll talk about drinking
We got to drink I was tired yeah, that stuff's pretty strong. That stuff was weak
No, you wonder what's worse than right? You have what three shots, and you were giggling on the floor rolling around
I feel like stuff that you and you didn't move
I don't have to be drunk to do that.
I don't have to be drunk to do that.
You put peanut butter cups on your head, too.
I put one in your ear.
No, wait, wait, hold on.
I got one thing to say.
You want to know what's worse than writing what was written?
Was being the one who had to read it out loud
and being afraid everyone's going to attack you
instead of the person who wrote it.
Because everyone knew who wrote it.
Who tried to balance this bottle of Smirnoff black on me
while I was sleeping?
Was that you?
That wasn't fun.
Wasn't fun.
I was turned upside down.
Can we go to break now?
Yeah, let's go to break.
Alright, bye.
We'll be back.
Okay, I guess we're going to do one more, because I've got these much better parody
lyrics for Bumblebee than that shit I did a little bit ago, so we're going to do this
one instead.
This comes from DDR Angel and Stressa.
This is much better, so enjoy.
I know I'm going to fuck this up, I apologize, I'm late.
Just a four-sex fantasy
My foot kicks your ass when you walk in the room
I go boom-boom-boom, you go zoom-zoom-zoom
You're my format dead pad, I'm your little friend
I wanna kick your ass until you're dead
I'll shove my foot right up your ass
To help you see it's true
I don't like you, can't you see?
Now get the fuck away from me!
Sweet little Bumblebee, get the fuck away from me!
Sweet little Bumblebee, just a fucks up fantasy!
Fuck you.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
I see you how I'm feeling My hustle far away, so clean
Hangin' a dream in the rain
Hangin' a shadow more clear
It's time to say goodnight to my friend
I'm the true love
I'm ready to be happy
It's my time for me to say goodnight
Goodnight for you
You don't have to love me
You can't just leave me
Don't you do that
Goodnight for you
I can't take it over
I don't need anyone
I'm sorry, I'm sorry I kon failing
There's no reason I don't need any of this
I still can't find
But you mustn't need that light
Don't let it in your reality
I'm gonna lose you
Cause I have made up my mind
For it's part of my to say
That that's it for you
You don't have to love me again
To say I'm gonna lose you
That that's it for you
I can't take it no more
I don't want you anymore
I say for you, you don't have to love me, can you say you're going to love me?
I say for you, I can't take you over, I don't want you anymore
I think being is so smart
The Orange Lounge Radio with the Bing Pong Ball!
Yay, we're back!
Yay, we are back!
Did you miss us?
Bork, bork, bork!
Enough of that, Brick, we have bumbled these guys' moisture mixtures just for the fact
that I wanted to annoy Rob with it.
Thank you, by the way, Jamie, for embarrassing me, because I had no idea she was going to be playing that.
And, surprisingly enough, a lot of people in the chat room have not heard that before, and a lot of people want to get an MP3 of that.
I'm not sure I should be advertising this. I find that thing quite embarrassing. I don't know why you guys like it so much.
Who wants it? PM me.
No, I'll tell you. I'll tell you what, even better.
Talk to Stressa. I don't know if he's awake right now or active in chat. I'm not sure. I can't really see the chat room from where I'm sitting.
Jamie's in the chat tonight, but Stressa if you're awake, Stressa has a DWI for it
with the background and steps and the mp3 and everything and it's this really
horrible picture of me doing this, you know I'm doing that pussy eating face
where I'm like making a V with my fingers. Anyway, if you want if you want
DWIs go and ask Stressa who's, is he in chat? He's not even in chat right now is
I guess he's out, but when he's when he's around ask him about it, and I think some other folks might have it
DDR angel I know has it, but she's on vacation right now in Japan
Well, we'll figure we'll find a way for you folks yet. I'm sure Loki will put it up speaking of DW eyes and Loki
Farm pretzels right now man. Oh his mouth is full my bad. Well. How was your week, Jamie?
We'll get back to that. I wish is everybody gonna eat, so I have to just sit here and just talk to myself
How are you Zero?
I'm fine.
Fine.
I have new horses.
You have new horses?
Oh, let's talk about yesterday's trip.
That was fun.
We went to Las Vegas yesterday.
That was fun.
To go play Derby Owner's Crack.
For those that don't know what Derby Owner's Crack is, it's called Derby Owner's Crack,
and it's a game where you race horsies, and it's a lot of fun.
It's like initial D, but horses, but you don't actually ride the horses like you drive the
car.
You just whip them.
You have a big button for your whip, and you just beat your horse to get them to run faster,
and you breed them.
And then if you do well in the races, people give you things.
I have a horse named Polteri, and she gets chicks and pussies.
Every time I win a race, a chick will come to the table, or a cat.
So Polteri gets the chicks and gets the pussy.
What can you say?
Hi.
We're doing a show.
Hi.
Hello.
What's up?
What's going on?
Hey, wait.
Anita, Anita, Anita.
Come back.
Anita, come say hi.
Hi.
Hi, everybody.
How are you?
We don't get women on this show very often, and poor Jamie's starting to...
Hey!
were bitching about this the other day that you're like
i'm the only woman on that whole show
it only takes like a few because women rule
oh is it going to be one of those nights? Every one of us is at least worth a thousand of you
is this going to be one of those nights where it sounds like we're at some like
women's rights march and my vagina is a vortex from which all life
explodes
uh... lastly got orange out
uh... by the way and i did find a site for derby owners club so you can see what the
machine looks like
go to
expert doc dot flex dot com and you'll post that in the chat room won't you i just did
already okay
that is derby owners club
it's very casino like it's very very casino it's purposely looking like that
i made
I made 40 horses, one of them was called This is a Horse, and the other one was called Happy
Bunny which won a bunch of races.
And then I made Hot Petutti, bless my soul, I really love that, rock and roll.
And then Mel and Melody let me use two other horses to breed a horse because I used one
called Vanilla Ice, it was all albino.
And then Saved by the Bell, as in B-E-L-L-E, the front part was black and the back was
white, and I bred a tiger horse. Gold and white with tiger stripes and gold eyes and
a tiger tail and everything.
It looks like a tiger, but it's a horse! What's up with that?
I thought it was going to be a boy, because I've been breeding nothing but boys lately,
and this one was a girl, so I couldn't get the name I originally wanted.
Last week on Orange Lounge, I've been breeding nothing but boys lately.
So I named it Strong Badette.
Very nice.
And my other horse's name is for people who have missed it.
My first horse was Slytherin Chaser.
Because you're a Harry Potter whore.
And then I had, um, I Like Cheese.
And then Hot Man Sex, S-E-C-H-S.
Because the machine will try to censor you.
And then I had, um, Mmm Fajitas.
And Jin Kazama, because I'm a Tekken whore.
Very nice.
I made two new horses yesterday.
I made a horse dedicated to one of my favorite Animal Crossing characters, Elmer.
So I made Elmer the horse, and then I made a horse called Sir Mix-a-Lot.
My next horse I'm gonna make is called Glue Factory.
Glue Factory? Glue Factory. Very nice.
Rob is the funny. I'm just reading that I'm trying to catch up on chat room, so...
Horsey sex is bad, I want to make a law about that. HORSEYS HAVE TO HAVE SEX TOO!
Have you ever seen a horse? No, that's the thing about Derby Owners Club.
ok Derby owners club has this like really explicit birthing scene to it
like when you make when you make a new horse for the first time
they go on a date they send off the horses and they trot off
and then like if they go to a tree and it fades out so you don't have to see
horsey sex
but in the next scene is like them in a stable and then like you see the male
horse like you know being all like
nurturing or whatever. The male horse is there kinda lookin
the male horse is just kinda lookin. No the mare is laying down. All I know is that you see the
female horse and all of a sudden it looks like she's gonna take a giant crap
and then all of a sudden there's a little baby I swear to God that's what I saw
no yes yes thank you the mare is laying down and the foal is laying beside her and the
foal gets up and goes you know it's like suddenly there's another horse and then
suddenly it's an adult oh then my happy bunny is still childish that horse sure
looks like mister garrison
i would not want to be mister
the chat rooms referencing a movie called freddy got finger which i never
bothered to watch
because you have to explain to me because uh...
i've ever found tom green funny i don't know if it's just me but
he masturbates a horse
so that i could do it but i can do it but i can do it
really a comedy
but anyway that site that I just linked in the chat room
there are screen captures of a... see look, there's the mayor
and there's the free component. I swear to god I had one where the chick was squatting
and then out comes baby
that is not what happened to me. It's a hit and I got an Easter egg
boy was it, boy was it ever an egg
okay chat room look at this, does that look
like the mayor is giving birth? No.
it's a vicious lie that's photoshopped
Although, one thing that's in here that makes me a little bit wondering, is there's a picture of the horse walking on a path.
That's the one, okay, there's, uh, the exercises you can do to the horse, there's one where you can rest it.
The item all the way on the right is just, like, rest your horse, and it goes on a trot through the forest, and it's like, your horse is relaxing.
So where'd you get attacked by a bear and dies?
Hey!
Now that would be cool!
Is it true that there's a Derby Owners Club 2 coming out?
Um, yeah, let me find the site again. Someone hold the microphone.
okay
hi any else you ever played to be on the track
nobody else
i have four horses
i've got
is doing
i got uh... i have a horse called mister stanky
uh... i know to be a
character from the era easy
uh... that one called big black
which was that
it was a inside joke on the show so uh... i have that and then i've got uh...
one called uh...
and i've got one
i've got one called cloud
and that was the uh...
that was the one i stole from the little girl
and then uh...
uh... was it
loki is not lying he did steal that card from a little girl
she had another one too
i can't was called
that's why all the kids run across the panels
They're just stupid, those kids, but I'll go into them later.
Okay.
I want to talk about what pissed me off yesterday, though.
This kind of goes into that view of the week, but not really.
Because this is video game related. Okay.
The Derby Owners Club,
the way it works is you have one giant monitor,
and there's eight little stations that you can sit at to play, so theoretically eight
people can play the game at once.
And if you visited the website that was given out in the chatroom, you saw a picture, so you know what I'm talking about.
Well, at Milpitas Golf Land on a Saturday, it's pretty busy, so there's a lot of people
that kind of want to play, and it's kind of full.
Well, you know, so I'm sitting there kind of waiting, I'm waiting for a game, and there's
freaking people just sitting there at the stations not doing anything, and they're just
like, they just have all their crap there, and they're dah-dah-dah-dah-dah, and like,
you can try and like, wave at them, you know, go, hi, I want to play, and they just totally
ignore you.
They're totally oblivious to you.
Some of the people there were actually waiting on particular races.
And see, I think that, personally, I think that's bullshit.
If you're going to do that, where you're just going to sit on the game and wait for particular races, you need to do that on weeknight when no one's there.
You need not do that on the middle of a Saturday. So, poo on you, you derby squatters.
I guess that's happened to me with Initial D before.
It's the difference between having two, where there's big lines of people, and then one with eight terminals, and people are just sitting there.
There's a difference between Initial D and Derby Owners Club.
You haven't even played the horsey guy.
Ooh, you got admonished, Mr. Loki.
Ninja Usagi-Koi says bad stealing from kids.
Ninja Usagi-Koi.
Well, I didn't technically steal it. She was dumb and left it there, so I took it.
Okay, taking advantage of other people's stupidity is okay.
Should we actually try to have FUs of the week?
Loki wanted to actually talk about something Bamani, so I'm going to figure I'll give him...
I'm going to give them a chance to present a Bomani-related topic, and we'll all talk about it and see how long that lasts.
Have fun.
Alright. Well, obviously, there's Poppy Music 8 is coming out for the home version.
Hey, there's people that play Poppy Music, so shut the hell up.
Yeah, I play Poppy Music 8.
Okay, Poppy Music 8 is coming out, and it's going to be, they've estimated that it's going to have over 100 songs on it, plus a new mode that's called Live Mode, which has something to do with these live videos of them playing.
I don't know what the fuck it is. I don't play pop music. I played it once and I didn't like it, so there.
Yeah, great. Where's 2DX7's style?
Why do they keep cranking out the pop music? Hello! 2DX7's style has already been announced.
When? When? I thought it was coming out in April.
I think that's just a rumor. Whatever.
We're going to research this a little bit.
You know, I should really pay attention to all this news since I read it all the time.
pop music it's okay i mean i like it it's cool and i think backing reason a
lot of people like it a lot seriously is because
they don't have it many places so like having played it is like a special club
like your leader if you play pop music or whatever
problem is is going on and i have some good tunes makes me freaking hands hurt
my politics rebel
aerobics revolution
uh... land and next year for the uh...
the japanese home version max to
oh i'm sorry i'm sorry uh... matt the uh... ice princess has a question arms
and ice queen
all that you have to speak in the mike signal
all right so why don't you go ahead and enlighten all of us idiots out here who
don't know what the hell you're talking about when you talk about pop music
i'll let you do it
music like to the x
we have big buttons around
you know it's not like this you've got the uh... buttons big round buttons
and you just
and yelling trouble yes it's like non problematic bubbles to get into music
That's an excellent way of describing it. Thank you, Bombay.
It's almost like if you were to take 2DX and turn it into a Saturday morning cartoon, that's what it would be.
It's all nice and stuff, but it's still kind of difficult like 2DX.
And they have pop and stage, which looks like pump it up with buttons.
But yeah, pop and music is pretty popular.
They have a pretty good selection of music.
I mean, hello, Daikin and Ty. That's a really popular song on DDR Extreme and stuff.
and people are like, oh, hey, whoa, there's actual good music in there?
Overplay!
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. But still, there's a lot of stuff on pop music that no one's really heard of.
I mean, pop music even has a Star Trek theme. Hello, that's pretty funny.
But yeah, that's pretty much what it is.
It's like 2DX, they've got some weird shit, weird modifiers on there and stuff, but it's pretty much like 2DX.
And it's more like happy and rainbowy and gay because like the buttons are these big
right yeah I knew that would make you cheer.
Yeah it's got these big like red and yellow and blue and green buttons and they all flash
and little things that fall it's falling pancakes that's what they look like they're big falling
pancakes that have big eyes on them they go hi meet me and then you hit the button when
they hit the blind and they go oh excellent.
But like sometimes you have to hit four buttons at once so you're playing the game like this
with your elbows.
Well, that's good radio. No one can see that.
I know. Okay.
You all did, though. Imagine...
Imagine doing the Tran dance in the stoic video.
That's kind of like what playing some popin' music is.
Anyways...
And the only place I know of anywhere that has popin' music...
I think they have a machine in Portland.
Yes, Bombay.
Yeah, I found one in Orange County, actually.
At Camelot Golf Land.
And...
Oh, I'll be damned!
In Orange County.
That's the one near Disneyland.
Camelot.
Yeah, CMGO.
It's pretty tight.
I didn't get a chance to play.
There was actually a lot of people playing, so.
And then, of course, AI has one.
They have Pop Music 9, which I did get to play when I was down there.
Well, yeah.
When we went down there, they had that shitty M-whatever-that-is-stupid anime low.
See, now that's one of Jamie's favorites.
That one sucked ass.
If you like anime, it's gonna have all the songs you like in it.
Mambo Go-Go was, like, better than that.
Leave me alone.
I can't pronounce shit tonight, leave me alone.
But uh, yeah, um, let's see here.
Other than that, you know, just like, it's just a lot of home versions coming out, pretty
much everyone's waiting for Max 2 to come out, as uh, we talked about that a little
bit last week, and then there's Aerobics Revolution.
I'm so moist from excitement about Max 2.
That no one gives a shit about.
Have they figured out if there's going to be anything special in it yet?
Have they announced any features or anything like that?
They announced how many songs they're supposed to be.
How many? How many?
I don't remember!
It's like 60 or 70.
You're fired.
You don't do anything.
Loki, you're supposed to remember these things.
Yeah, when I'm busy running a couple sites and doing shit for my work.
Listen, my job on this show is to be cute, and I fulfill that.
So, what's your job? Bring us news.
Are you bringing us news?
fuck
that's messed up man
you're bringing us like half the news you're like msnbc jesus
okay
no on microsoft no
try think
i don't really know much about that and i have like gossip news okay
as reported on the air mania acts in one of their like random topic things
money ruler
backgrounds, he didn't make them. He stole them. Gossip! Oh my god! So who did? Who cares?
Who did? Who did? He just got them off some sites. It doesn't really matter. So like he
downloaded the artwork and just added the text or what? Yeah, pretty much. That doesn't
make sense though, because like, a lot of the backgrounds, at least the ones I saw had
some really elaborate text to them, so it's not like somebody just went and laid down
I've never been to, like, um, there's a bunch of art sites out there that people do, um, you know, the digital cultures or whatever like that, but, um, ooh.
So, um, yeah, but who really gives a shit? I mean, I thought, I thought you didn't, I thought for whatever reason you had a grudge against him or something and you, you would have liked that news.
I don't have a grudge against him.
I do not have a grudge against him!
The only thing I was saying was that his step files are too hard.
You cannot possibly play them on the feet.
I mean, try playing stoic on a pad that's like...
Hot living is not a ham.
You're hot living, whatever.
No, I'm just talking...
It's just...
I don't know, his stuff's hard.
I don't like it. Everyone calls it four-key beatmania.
Yeah, I'd say that's pretty accurate.
But, um...
So wait, how do you get news like that? So a site actually ran a news story saying,
guess what? Actually it was a forum post, so...
Oh, it was a forum post. I thought it was like front page. I'm like, that's pretty sad.
You know it's a slow news day when the front page news is, uh-uh, bitch didn't do his own art.
Who gives a shit anyways? It's like, art isn't really a big- well yeah, it makes your file look nice,
It has nothing to do with the steps at all.
And I think the only thing was just because he's...
Maybe, okay, maybe because Turnimix, they insisted that you make your own backgrounds, right?
And didn't he, wasn't he a judge for that?
I don't know.
Well, he was a judge in the last one, but whatever.
Well, I invite him for an interview on this show to clear the air, if he or any of his cohorts are listening.
I don't really even know what half the story is, because obviously I'm only reporting half the story since that's what she said.
I don't even know I just think I think he might have been claiming that he did all the artwork
Instead of just saying hey, I got this from here. I had the text done
I mean if that's if he just came forward and said that everything would be fine. That's all this but
Yeah, it was really fucking slow as far as nudes goes. There's nothing. You know what I want him on the show
How can we make that happen? I want to get him on the show and have him explain what happened
That's never gonna happen. So isn't that your job, you know getting guests on the show. I'll see what I can do
I thought we were going to fucking happen.
It doesn't matter.
Who cares?
So what's coming up?
What's 4.15?
According to Bi-Rite, I beat many of CDX7's styles coming out on April 15th of 2003.
But Bi-Rite is a shitty ass place to order games from anyway.
Because they cheated me with my Tekken 4 and they suck and need to die.
Bitter are we? Bitter? Party of one? Your table's ready? Bitter?
I don't bite my ass. But, I mean,
I don't know, if anyone can find any, if anyone can look on Konami's
Japanese site and find me proof that they have something up for BeatMania
TDX7 style to be out and
on home or from any reliable place, send me a PM in the chat room, please.
DarkSakuraSSX
uh... you know you'd be surprised like uh...
all the stuff that i do during the week is that basically my job for those who don't
know i'm entering phones and
talking to people and i have my
i have my internet explorer open all the time you know browsing web pages because we're on T1 and i
download about five hundred megs worth of files every
every week and you know so
that's what i do all day so i read about eight
forums at the same time
all day long
and uh...
You'd think that I would know more what's going on, but really, to be honest, for the last three months, there has been nothing going on in the news.
It's like, our show's just been just kinda like, okay, just find some new shit to talk about.
Ah, nothing there.
So, there really isn't that much going on right now, other than waiting for the home version of Maxu to come, which is probably gonna have, you know, the same rehash shit from DDR, you know, Max USA, which, you know, some of those songs.
But at least we'll be able to make edits for it and maybe a few new songs for Extreme 2 and whatnot.
And then, obviously, probably later on this year, we'll have some news about DDR Extreme 2 and its development and all that stuff.
And then, you know, that kind of stuff. But right now, there's not too much. New Guitar Freaks, obviously, is being, I think, playtested right now.
I want it to be available somewhere else besides like where you know it will go.
Let's talk about Mocap Golf because we just got to NDS and that game looks really fun.
Before we get on the Mocap Golf tangent I just wanted to say I'm looking at BamaniX.com and they have 2DX 7th style coming out in August for the PS2.
So take that will. However, they say that BeatMe is seventh mix plus the finals coming on PS2 and March, but I haven't heard anything about that yet seeing as, hmm, it's March.
Uh, yeah, it's kind of surprising.
My memory serves me right. I think it was the 24th or 25th.
Yeah, I thought I heard that was going to be late March. Yeah, like last week.
Well, gee, Konami of Japan's doing a great job promoting it.
Well, they do a great job with everything. Like, you know.
Now wasn't it supposed to come out, oh I don't know, Christmas Eve last year?
Well, if I remember right, what they said about Christmas Eve was that that was just supposed to be 7th mix for the PS1.
And now they're doing 7th mix plus the final PS2, whatever.
Eh, who cares? Can we get on to boat camp golf now?
And like an open layer to like, frickin', um, Konami.
Why are you ignoring Dead End?
I mean that song back in 3rd mix is a pretty cool song, you haven't remixed it at all.
remix it at all. You've like, remixed the hell out of Trip Machine and Paranoia and
all this be brilliant to you and shit.
I wanna see Dead End in 2DX.
Yeah.
That would be kinda cool.
Alright, Mocap Golf.
Okay, Mocap Golf, yes.
Greatest motion capture game ever.
It is so cool.
It is damn cool, don't say that.
It frickin' rules. Dude, what other game can you hit a golf ball off the top of a
building
onto another one
you'd give a microphone second picture
the only reason it's the only reason i'm mad is because
over at skidio we're supposed to have so colorado already but instead i went
into work today and saw a golf game
now that we will have a bad
i think a lot of other so far she's been out for a while i think i know about
i'm waiting for it like
so he has really
awesome system for it and I'm really excited about it, but he just needs the software.
Okay, yes, broaden your horizons, that's all I need to say. Golf, man, golf!
I like Soulcalibur, but I don't know, I tend to want to play other things now.
You know what game? It's not Golf's Better, it's just Good.
It needs a goodie. The sword game?
It was called in America, Blade of Honor or something.
You can play it in, like, different sword styles and everything, too.
That would be cool.
And, like, you can cut people in half.
And I played it in, um, in Vegas.
Vegas?
Because they actually had the, uh, it's a goodie one.
It was at New York, New York.
I am going there.
But, I, I, I paid four bucks, no, two dollars, four bucks, actually,
to play that game and have a replay.
Because it's Vegas.
No one can hear what you're saying, by the way.
I played it in Orange County and there was only 8 nickels.
Well, there, but I was in Vegas and everything cost more in Vegas.
That was the only place I had ever seen it.
But that game takes mocap golf, bends it over, and says,
Hey, here's a sword. Guess where it is?
Yeah, but usually golf clubs are longer than swords.
Swords hurt more.
They're sharper.
Have you ever been hit with a golf ball before?
Have you ever been anally raped by a sword?
Have you?
I read a lot.
That's all you can come up with? Have you?
Yes, that's all I can come up with right now.
This is like another Dave over here.
I'm like open all night.
Yeah, he's like CCL Dave.
Lightning Dave. I will just OB on the attack all night.
I'm just kidding.
cap golf
and you can play on the beach
and for the record by the way i have been hit with a golf ball in the neck
so yeah
where at
i mean no not
no where is it where is it someone actually hit it
no she threw it at herself into my neck
at themselves in the throat kind of an idiot are you
I'm gonna throw the phone at myself!
Oh!
I'm so mad!
That sounds so likey-dokey.
Rob's drinking nuclear waste.
It's this stuff that, um...
Oh.
This green drink that I'm drinking is Hawaiian Punch Green Blaster.
What's it called?
Something.
It's like...
Hawaiian Punch Greenship flavor.
But they used to, um...
I think they only had it in SoCal and now they have it at the Rob's by my house.
Yes.
It's very nice.
And like, I blame Melody for getting me hooked to that.
I'm gonna share my accomplishment with everyone on the radio here.
I am nine days without soda. I haven't had a soda in nine days, so...
Who's running a 12-step program? Soda drinkers are not a mess.
She crack open a Pepsi. Fuck off.
So yeah, I...
And then now, this is a big deal for me because I usually
have a Mountain Dew in the morning just to wake up, and then like, you know,
I drink like three vanilla cokes when I get home. So it's a pretty big deal. So of course Hawaiian punch
Really isn't that much better for you than soda, but you know, so it's a special day
You know, you know what it's a special day so eat shit
Okay, so
Should we should we take a break for a minute?
Should we take a break for a minute? You want to do the f-use when we come back?
Sure, prepare yourself for the FUs that are coming up when we get back.
If you would like to submit an FU, remember, tonight we're at Jamie's, so don't send them
to me.
You'll see my name in the chat room says I'm out, out in the boot.
So you want to send them to Jamie.
Her nickname is DarkSakuraSSF, so send your FUs of the week to Jamie.
And we'll try to keep it short this week, we promise.
Everybody in the room is going to keep them short tonight, yes?
FUs will be short tonight, yes?
no all right so some short f-use night okay so we'll be back in a little bit
okay we will stretch a little more let me plug the website leave like the chat
room if you want to be able to submit those F use you got to get to our chat
room and the chat rooms at our website just orange lunch SK ie dot CX and then
click on chat that URL is a little hard to remember I got a much easier one for
you to remember just go to Cali Bamani calm c-a-l-i Bamani calm and we're an
the affiliate of callebomani.com, so they got a link right there on the front page to the radio station.
You should do a TK, uh, like, uh, register a TK, um, you know, one of those.
No.
FINE!
.coms are better!
Yeah, but they cost money!
Actually, yeah, when I get a little more money, I'm gonna purchase a.org on behalf of the station, sir,.com or.org, so we'll be at Orange Lounge Radio or Orange Lounge.
How about.tv? Because all the good websites have.tv.
and then we could say as seen on t-v even though you know we've never been on
t-v well i i was on t-v for understation live
and dark dark by jamie's name was in the chat room
so i want to do i
take our recordings of the show
actually broadcast among public access radio
can you say shit and fuck on public access radio i don't think so
treatment
right sensor out there with her
If they sent you this show, there'd be like three episodes worth of time.
Shit, fuck, damn, cock, pussy.
Cut!
That's my favorite. Little known fact, I actually was a public access celebrity.
Beep!
What was that squeak for?
Okay, we're going to break.
Alright, we're going to break. Bye.
songs, so stay tuned.
Run it up!
Run it up!
Run it up!
Run it up!
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
We don't get with it, we ain't incinerin' almighty
But we can do it now, you're such a fangirl scholar
You can't do a race to take that fall
And it's up to you to make that call
You can't drop that ball
You can't drop that ball
You can't drop that ball
They dropped their ball!
The whipsies of their balls!
Remix
Re-Remix
Remix
Remix
Re-Re-Remix
remix
Solid Snake, Solid Snake, Solid Snake, Can you hear what I'm saying?
Well it's time to take a man and watch him back
I'm gonna kick your ass and beat him, kill him all
Down, what am I gonna do?
Have you ever think of a game like this?
I know it here
Oh, ass!
This randomness could only be brought to you by Orange Lounge.
I'm eating a taquito.
We are eating taquitos.
Taquitos!
I love taquitos.
The official food of Orange Lounge?
I don't know.
thank you uh... ice cream for getting to get to keep us there delicious
i hate them good
that like me
doesn't make you poop
now i just don't like that
their food sucks ass that's what i have against it
but but uh...
look you forgot the water too
but i'm pleasantly surprised that uh... what was it uh...
chevy's they have
hot wings
and they were damn good. That was the only thing I ate last night at Chevy's. Chevy's was damn good fajitas because they had that cornmeal stuff.
For me, I'm allergic to corn, but I will eat that cornmeal stuff like all day. I had them give me an extra thing of it and I did nothing to eat that cornmeal one day.
Um, Amanda, one of the official lesbians of Orange Launch Radio who was here a couple weeks ago, we were at Chevy's the other day and she kept threatening to tell them it was my birthday.
And that got me to thinking, you know, how would the restaurants know? Like, you know, if you go in there every time you eat and tell them it's your birthday,
They'd never know, huh? And you can get, like, free ice cream!
Well, okay, as long as you didn't go to the same Chevy's every week, okay?
Then they'd probably catch on. But you know, if you go a different...
Well, then again, they'd probably, like, keep track of it.
They'd, like, take pictures of you, like...
They don't take pictures! Have you ever seen them snap a camera as they're singing Happy Birthday?
No, they put the sombrero on your head, sing their verse, they leave.
If you don't tip them, then they'll still not know who you are.
That's the thing we should do, just like, send you out to as many places and see how many places you get a birthday at a day.
For like a week, and just see what you can do.
Okay, okay, we can do it.
See how well you can pull that off.
You're the intern though, you have to do the embarrassing stuff. We'll tell them it's your birthday.
I have to do the embarrassing stuff? Oh, thank you.
See, I love my birthday-
And then we'll give me the ice cream.
My birthday kicks ass because I get to be cheerful and everyone's like so sad.
I love it. That was the best gift anyone could give me was the death of thousands and thousands of people on my birthday.
Let's see. Unpolitically correct statement took less than an hour this time into the show. Congratulations.
I think we should get to the fuck yous of the week, right?
Yeah, sure.
Okay, um, well we don't have, we can't play music in the background because my mixer sucks and I need a new sound card.
Anyone wants to give me a new sound card? Thank you.
Anyway, first fuck you of the week goes to my sound card.
I'm sorry, tack you ain't. Okay.
This is fucked up.
Um, also goes toward having no money right now because I'm paying for my car.
Also it goes toward um
Not being able to go by myself like more socks because I have this a natural sock collection
My socks look like a big pink of like barcode anyway
Said you were two dollars and thirty seven cents
Okay, I actually only have eleven dollars
Um, thank you to bandwidth, and I really am not angsty about much of anything else.
Cool.
Thank you to work tomorrow, I don't want to go.
Next.
Oh, no.
Um, let's see, um, my FUs of the week are, um, FU to those people that squat on Derby
Owners Club, that sucks, FU to gas prices, oh my god, even the cheap shit's two bucks
a gallon
what else do i want to say if you too
and uh...
i don't know if you to uh...
the fact that i haven't got laid six months that sucks
loki stern
cuz we're all keeping quick tonight i a m
let's see well if you see bill kids
just everywhere
still mother young
Effie, there's a stupid, slow-ass van that was in front of me on my way here.
I understand that you like going 25 miles an hour in a 35, and the fact that all the
people in your van are disabled, probably blind or deaf or something, you know, seriously,
if I had any sort of, you know, rocker-propelled explosive, that van would be gone.
And you know, I almost attempted to push him into traffic because I figured, you know,
who's going to miss them?
No one's going to miss them.
So Effie, either that.
And F.E. to my site for being stupid because FTP went link right and that sucked because
all the files are down for like all day.
But I fixed that and that was cool.
And F.E. to me for having so much work because I'm like busy all the time and I can't enjoy
anything.
Just work, work, work, work, work.
And oh, F.E. to gas prices because they suck.
I just know because all the gas station tenants are just gels that were bombing their country.
So uh, that's it, I'm done.
Oh my god.
Alright, I only got a few FUs.
One is to those people who get on the bus in the wheelchairs but manage to get up and
walk when they get off the bus.
I always wondered like to slow these people who just look absolutely normal, if you push
them out to traffic I bet you anything they would get up and run.
They would leave the wheelchair at the middle of the road and get up and fucking run.
Another one is to my lack of concentration.
Today I almost full comboed Can't Stop Falling in Love on Light 7 on 2DX and I missed the
last fucking note and so I almost killed the machine as I jumped up in circles.
Another one is the little bastards over at Scandia, the little kids who just think it's
a really good idea to try to get in your way when you're playing 2DX, you just want to
reach over and kick them.
Yeah, that's pretty much about it, because I haven't had much of a week.
Fuck you to dead people, because it sucks.
What? No, I have a mic.
Fuck you to the assholes that were getting in my way while I was trying to pass Dyken Kai Light yesterday at Country Club Lanes.
You couldn't pass it anyway. Xam's deaths are gay.
No, I know, but still...
They're getting in my way, getting on the machine, and giving me shit.
Fuckin' A, man.
What were they doing? Were they standing between you and the machine going,
What are you doing? What are you doing?
No, they're stepping on the arrows.
She just stepped on their foot.
I was.
With spiked heels.
I know. I need to...
I know you own a pair.
Definitely. Cleats, indeed, yes.
You know, one of these days on the show, I'm just going to be myself and be nice. Seriously. Because I'm like a really nice person. I mean, I'm a really nice person. I just have weird strangers.
Really?
I am nice. You guys have all made me out to be like this crazy racist guy.
I'm not that person.
What did you get for hanging out with Rob?
I love everybody except the disabled and stupid people.
That would have fallen under stupid people.
Actually, disabled people are cool if they're smart.
It's just the stupid people I hate. I hate stupid people all about.
I hate humanity.
pussy everywhere and that's about it right now
and fuck you to big
ass on the fucking sliding glass window
check one two are we still up check our level yeah we're going
all right give your f you one more time max is so great
fuck you to pussy and fuck you to cunt and just pussy everywhere, just fuck you
yeah I am stupid people but that comic falls in the same category
you've spicled
oh okay, oh you're too nice
we don't like nice, I'm just kidding
and fuck you to Oprah because who are you trying to fool
reading british lit yeah like you're in british lit
and clearly really really really really really really really really really
somebody shooting a machine gun out front
yeah firecrackers outside or something
to give you the right way i'm gonna see if she if i hear you know
of a cc l something
with a lot of something knocking on the door
all right
they're leaving
sent yet and johnny and
uh... okay johnny's not leaving
uh...
i gotta say i thought that was actually you could say but but but what do you
think you know i don't know
uh... but but but i think that
not oprah's book club but it's like oprah's book club
we need to take a moment so we can let some very special people say hi
she eats books and craps cash
hi this is rick
hi
and fuck you to rick for never being around anymore
oh
my life's been good
So your life's good so you can't say hi to us anymore?
I'm just so excited!
I don't know, I've been poking around Scandia lately after work, but I get off work at 1.30, so...
Oh, poopy.
So nobody gets to see me over there myself.
You're just a mystery now.
I am?
Well, I mean, you know, because we don't see you.
Oh, I'm sorry.
You know what, I've really gone down in skill, too.
I mean, I was doing just a standard little one, and then all of a sudden my legs stopped working.
Me too, and I've gotten fat, see?
Uh-huh.
you're expecting to yeah i don't know so what what do you want to take all the
listeners the worldwide listeners of orange lounge radio
play lots of the d r and try to lose your belly
for god's sake you're embarrassing yourself
we want to talk about embarrassing yourselves and we saw the guy today holy
crap
did he suck asset freestyle
and he's just like getting up on their doubles he had no sense of you know
coordination, balance, rhythm, or anything. I don't even know why he's... I don't even
know how he's able to do doubles to begin with.
Robin, I don't know anything about that.
He was just up there, like, doing his thing, like, holding the bar, and he, he tried jumping...
Okay, first he started off his first stomp, plain, light, uh, little, with no freeze arrows,
and he jumped up over the bar, totally off cue, and totally missed the first step, nearly,
like, broke his ankle. It was hilarious.
Woo-hoo!
Bye!
Bye!
Bye!
Bye!
Did you ever get to do your FUs, Nita?
Too much chaos.
Um, I didn't really have an FU.
Why are all the women nice today except Jamie?
Jamie's always mean, though.
We expect that of her.
Yeah.
My week's been going okay, so I guess I don't really have an FU.
Oh.
So...
I mean, all of this is made of furniture.
Yes, okay.
Furniture made by what we assume to be communists.
Dude, it sucked.
It took like four hours to put a fucking desk together.
Yes, this desk.
of all, weighed like 200 pounds just to carry it. Yeah, this is a desk, a wooden desk, a
computer desk. Nothing worked right, nothing fit together the way it was supposed to. Oh,
and what about the drawer thing you're making now? The drawers don't even fit right. I'm
putting together a four dresser drawer that's not like another six million pieces. It sucks.
It's communist. So fuck you to furniture that you have to put together. How do you like
It's like my desk, it has all these extra pieces.
You have to put each individual screw together.
A lot of screwing going on.
If anybody doesn't know what that's from, watch the clerk's part.
It is the best thing ever.
So that's it. Anybody else have any fuck yous?
Give me microphone.
Time for puppy to bitch.
Bitch.
Hey, wait a minute.
Like a bitch is a dog?
Get it?
That's funny.
Haha, yeah.
Shut up.
Okay.
Damn, why y'all be such a bitch?
Shit.
I'm gonna catch you.
Okay.
What the?
Who?
Who the hell?
Okay.
Okay, look out.
Jamie needs to get through.
Do your ad views, puppy.
First of all, I'd like to give a fuck you to my toilet in my bathroom, because the toilet seat broke a couple days ago, and now I cannot sit on it.
Given the term, I'm going to cut your ass up in a whole new meeting.
Yes, indeed. And then, let's see, fuck the smell of weed, because it stinks, and it doesn't come out of carpeting very well.
Yes. Because I can smell it in the other room when nobody ever smokes it besides in the room next door. It sucks.
Ah, to be in a college dorm again.
Yeah. Fuck dorm food, which I no longer call real food. I spell it differently now. I spell it with two u's instead of two o's because it's not worthy of being called real food.
I think you should use an umlaut.
I could do that, yes, but I was too lazy to try and figure out what key that is.
Alright, now we get to the chat rooms I've used. Has everyone gone?
Okay, first one comes from Japan Man.
Fuck you little kids who get on when he plays Cool 7.
And fuck you to people who don't like my baby mama.
Agreed.
I think we should play that during the next break.
The next one is from JB, or Justin Circuit, in the name.
Jenny's bitch.
Yeah, Jenny's bitch.
FU to ATCBI Comcast, they canceled the account due to a server glitch and couldn't get it
on for three days when it did work, emails didn't work, and hasn't gotten two of the
secondary accounts and called customer service 18 times and been on the line with them for
five hours total.
You know what?
There's a solution to that.
It's called Better Business Bureau.
You should write them.
I have an F.U. for my computer.
F.U. to Microsoft because their Windows XP thinks it wants to try to connect to the
internet all the time even though I click the
options that says do not connect to the internet and instead it's like
oh I want to connect to the internet. J.B. by the way talk to me later and I'll let you
know how you can get them in
in legal trouble with the federal government. Go frivolous lawsuits
and tell them to suck your dick
Um, John Field says FU'd assholes in his dorm that let the air out of his two rear tires
and forced him to call AAA.
Yes, that sucks.
Um, next one goes...
Oh, oh, oh!
Fuck AAA for having such high insurance rates.
What the fuck is that?
Yeah, but AAA...
I don't have AAA and my friend's AAA let me unlock my car door when I let my keys in.
That is pretty cool.
But AAA can still blow me.
Okay, next...
Ooh, we need to get through these.
That's California.
Next is Ninja Usagi Koi.
I want to send an F.U. to our mall for not letting us put the DDR machines outside for
a tournament and now all the people are going to die from heat stroke and yeah an F.U. to
her dad and for not letting her hang out with Yogi, dad, love you.
I know that situation about not moving a machine outside for a tournament, yeah.
Oh yes, DVGL.
Yes, I know that situation, I feel ya.
Muheimer, first of all, hello to Darketia.
Hi Muheimer.
Hi, Muheimer.
And so now, fuck this dumbass lifeguard and structure bitch
who looks and acts exactly like Phoebe from Friends.
Smelly cat.
Smelly cat.
She told us she had to go potty three times.
Was it number one or number two?
Yeah, she should have gone in the pool.
Maybe I'll be swimming in pee.
Fuck that feeling when you have 800 different food
items in your house and you can't find the one unknown thing
you're craving.
and
fuck gay people for not living near him and making him feel lonely
you need to come to frisco
next is ness 151
uh...
fuck DDR coralville
because it's DDR crippled right now
next is Sautome Ranma
thank you today we don't have dead air i don't know what you're talking about
it might be rebuffers or something
but it's not ask is as far as i can see we're so broadcasting just fine
one problem of my my friend everyone is going to have to do that talk into the
microphone and talk loudly project
and shut up
and then that
and yet and anyway and
thank you because the warmest upset
The second activity goes to a DDR Extreme OST for apparently not being released.
They're not going to release it?
It's not going to be out for a while. However, talk to me later.
Skyline DC-505.
Yeah, we might be able to hook you up anyway.
F.U. took the California high school exit exam for making me come to school while three-fourths of the whole school got to sleep in.
You know what? For the Alabama ones, they just gave it to us while we were in class.
There's an exit exam now in high school?
And, like, I got a hundred on it.
I don't remember that.
Holy shit!
Snugdisphonoid.
Long FU. Oh my god.
First off...
First off...
Hey, let me read! Shut up!
First off, Fuck Drivers Training School in the Poop Shoot.
I would honestly rather have the duck shit down my throat than to sit through that boring-ass shit.
Everyone in the class.
This one was off.
a mic off um everybody don't touch the the on off switch on records guys we're sorry okay um
and actually then we probably didn't get dcbs um post okay
dcbs send me yours again
how long was the last thing you guys heard we didn't know what the chat room the last thing
I was reading the fuck you, so I'm sorry.
But you did miss the whole big thing about 24.
Yeah, that's okay if you missed the whole thing about 24. That was nothing.
Because we don't give a shit.
Sorry, Rob.
Okay.
Okay, then...
Oh my God!
That's a while.
I'm sorry.
DCB, send me yours again.
There it is. It just came in at the land there.
Fuck you to Photoshop 7 for taking 7 minutes to load.
I'm sorry for showing up for taking 7 minutes to load.
Fuck his dad for buying lots of food and not letting him eat it.
the green card manager for telling him to get off the horse ride at MGL um Brad
Lincoln style it's like he goes to racist I hate you all hate hate you all
equally thank you
next is a jazz fuck school die die die and I laugh at all the exit exam people
they just started that this year so I missed it by a year so I laugh ha ha ha
they tease have been around forever started the I thought they started the
exit exams like last year because I I heard about it they were giving it out
my school by the way it died it duck shit down the throat I'm sorry and if
you want to send me that again but you did say fuckity fuck fuck fuck and fuck
him up the nose hole oh we missed that whole thing with some dislikes f you
we've been down that long sorry well that sucks I'm sorry guys send that
again cuz I know what you also missed is I nominated that as one of the top three
FUs ever. That was beautiful. Okay, as long as they heard fuck em up the nose hole, that
was the best. Okay. Um, Muhymer. Dead air. Okay, um, that ends our fuck yous of the week.
So to our fuck yous of the week, we say fuck you. Beautiful. Break time. When we come back
from break, believe it or not, when we come back from break, I have big Bahmani news.
It might be rumors, but I went and looked up Suze, so we're going to talk about Bahmani.
We're going to talk about Bahmani when we come back.
Believe it or not, on this show, we're going to talk about Bahmani.
Yes, break time.
Come on forward, my dudes
I said come on forward, guys
I said come on forward, guys
Everybody to the limit, everybody to the limit
Everybody come on forward, guys
I say come on Feho "'guys". I say come on Feho "'guys". Everybody to the limit. Who's that? It's to the limit.
Everybody come one Feho "'guys".
Come on Feho "'guys". I see you jockeking me
Trying to play like you know me
I'm like come on Feho "'guys". I say come on Feho "'guys". Everybody to the limit. The G is to the limit. Everybody come up Feho "'guys".
Man, fuck over guys, you're just making yourself look worse, you know?
I mean, everybody's just gonna feel sorry for you.
I do.
Ma ke oishak shikate nusai basu forai shou shou
Tashite nana tona ke oshu de nune nichi okou itte noa
Omejou sukonjou toa senbei tari hunde
Taijou daijou naikou naikou totsukimu
So that I'm feeling all agronomied
Baby, do you want the juice?
Baby, do you want it?
Baby, do you want the juice?
Dad if you want it
Oh, you better, even if it's easy for someone to want to
Oh, you better, even if it's easy for someone to want to
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because Real Radio makes Captain Jack cry.
horrible, too bad about that. Okay, let's hear it again.
First off, fuck driver's training in the poop shoot. I would honestly rather have a duck
shoot down my throat than to have to sit through that boring-ass shit. Everyone in the class
is a total bitch, even the teacher. It's not like if you have a penis in test schools I
hate you. I love special test schools because they're sensitive bad men. Or men bad, I should
say. Respect women because we spit you out our baby holes. Indeed. Fuck driver's training
only, fuck it so exclusively so that all of my horrible negative energy can be used to
destroy driver's training forever. That fucking school can suck my ass. I haven't slept more
than 4 hours each night this past week and I won't get enough sleep this week. Fuck that bullshit, fuck it up the nosehole. Yes, the nosehole. But you missed the fuckity fuck fuck fuck. That was the best.
Fuck fuckity fuck fuck. Fuck you, you fuckin' fuck.
Yeah.
Alright.
Shit.
So, we wanted to do another, we wanted to do another song really fast, but it's something that Loki has to introduce, and why is that, Mr. Loki?
It's another remix I did.
You know, it's not as good as my last one.
It kinda sucked.
But, I think the problem was because I ended too fast, because I was trying to get it at about three minutes.
And, um, it kinda just, it builds up slowly and then ends kinda quickly.
So, that's kinda the bad thing.
But anyways, um, it's another remix.
It's called, um, Dark Black Force, the Midnight Angel Mix.
And since you're all such big Loki fanboys and girls, here you go.
It's a long way to go, honey.
I know, but I'm away.
Where are we going?
The dark, black forest.
That was pretty good.
I was really impressed with that.
That was pretty neat.
It was very subtle.
The modem stream probably doesn't do that justice, because a lot of it's very subtle.
But, as, okay, well we probably should go into Symphon News since this is Symphon News, um, okay, obviously Symphon News, the big news, well for me at least, is Leech from Loki 2.0 has finally, finally, two month delay launched, um, it's got, right now, the initial update had the 2DX DWI project files for 2DX second style through fifth style.
5th style, and so there's about, I'd say about 50-some files up there at the moment. I'm
uploading more probably later this week as I get to work on them. I went ahead and...
Oh, man, it looks ugly on that. Okay, anyways. So, I went ahead and, as promised, exclusive
to Orange Launch Radio, if you're a wonderful listener of the show, you get access to a
special page every week and now I was kind of bad and didn't really hide the
page well enough this time but next time the files will be more hidden but
anyways this page exclusively you guys is gonna be the release of my two remixes
the legend of trance and the dark black forest midnight angel mix and so to
access this page what you want to do is go to my site which is www.willddr.com
rforfood.net slash leechfromloki and then what you want to do once you get to that and
you want to type in also the special HTML page which is going to be hotmonkeysex.html
and that will bring you up to the wonderful page with my two links for my MP3s.
It's a secret page and what are the special MP3s that they can download this week?
Legend of Trance, which is a remix of the Legend of Max, which is just fucking awesome.
That's my favorite remix so far.
That's Legend of Trance, Loki versus ZZ, featuring Sun Decade.
Then we have Dark Black Forest, Midnight Angel Mix, Steve Reiner versus Loki, featuring Cenaris.
So those are exclusive remixes to Orange Lounge listeners, and we just posted the link in
the chat room if you didn't get it.
So go leech away and you can listen to those, but don't listen to them now, wait until after the show, because we need our listeners.
Yeah, so we'll have, um, well as far as DWI's going, you know, for Legend of Trance, as mentioned on the page, um, thinking about that one for Attorney Mix 4.
So, um, that'll be that one, but Dark Black Forest, Midnight Angel Mix is up for grabs, so. It's just a steady 140 bpm.
Well, speaking of your mixes, how about something that was your choice? How about the cage matches?
I don't have Holic, but it won't play the background because of my stupid sound card. Fuck my sound card!
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do.
You sound like Hee Haw!
Not like Ten.
Ah, maybe Pearl!
And this is Hee Haw!
But no, we're going to go ahead and play, um, basically the way that our cage match
works is each of us picks a song, and one of us will have won the previous week, so
that's the song that should be in rotation right now, but really isn't right now.
It isn't right now.
Well, we'll figure it out. We'll put them both in or something, the last week's winner, unless it wins again, which it may. It may win again, but I don't think it will.
But anyway, you, our chat room, votes over private message whether or not, you know, which one that you think should win.
So, as for right now, I'm closing all of these open windows, even though I'm having a conversation with somebody.
Wait till all of the songs are over and though the we you know much like our lovely friends on American Idol
We'll give our own opinions of these songs and rate them
But I don't like it. I think it stunk, but don't let don't let us influence you or better yet. Just let me influence you
Gonna play a clip of last week's winner, right? Yeah, I'll play a decent clip of it because actually I actually have like that three
This is Sasha with Xpander, this is last week's winner.
That was a little bit of an expander.
Anyway, this is Rob's pick of the week.
You want to tell us about it?
Hi, yeah.
Actually, we should write that song.
It's cool.
I give it a 7.
weeks usually because we already ranked it last week all right and we said it
shouldn't win and it did because our chat room hate this okay my song and I
had to kind of come up with this at the last minute this really isn't what I
would have usually picked I completely forgot that like hi we're moving the
show tonight so I actually have to burn a CD off my song but luckily I have a CD
in my car and this is actually a pretty good song and I got turned on to this
song a couple years ago because I love Drew Barrymore and she was in a movie
called Ever After, and this song was in the trailer, and I love this song, and I think
y'all will dig it too. So, it's a couple years old, but it's still classic. Robert Miles
with fable.
Talk to me tenderly, so reality fantasy, we'll melt together only in one thing.
Talk to me, tenderly So reality and disease
We'll match together in one thing
Save our own fun
Save our own fun
Save our own fun
Save our own fun
Tell me a fable
Tell me a fable
A fable
A fable
A fable that will never end
And now I dream
Dream
One, two, three
Oh
Oh
That was Robert Miles of Fable.
The big plop at the end is the best.
As far as my opinion of that song, he's done better, so it gets a six.
Microphones are going every which way.
The song is alright.
Yeah, like, he could have done better, but, um,
Ever After really sucked ass.
So, uh,
that's gonna affect my decision.
Um, I'm gonna have to give it a six.
That song rocks and you don't. Ten.
Oh wow, that's a real biased opinion there.
i have a really bad experience with that movie
care to explain?
go there with the chick who cheats on you and gets pregnant
that's all i gotta say
seriously? it's about the song not the movie
i know that's why i just said
people tell me to explain
no um...
honestly i really didn't like that song
so i'll give it like a four
and that's being really really really nice
For those people that are listening, Rob's is giving raspberries to Zero right now.
Many times.
I don't know, I thought it was nice.
Honestly?
That song would put me to sleep
if I weren't in here talking to other people right now.
Six. I could probably see it in, like, keyboard mania or something.
okay i like that song okay so i have a new if you to all you bitches in here
i give that's under ten because that's like my kind of song i like it
i'd have to give it like a nine it's it's a pretty good time i like it back
yet
uh... i'd like any trends just about that
any soft
hard anything
okay i'll say that again i give that's on the nine
it's not
point think that it's pretty damn good
all right well i have to give it a second i heard a uh... deejay epic
version that's about like
that's twice as good as that so i'll do it
so the average scores and remember i'm not very good at math nine so
uh...
okay
it's my turn now
and i don't know who did this because i downloaded it by accident one day
But this is Link's theme. Heave dance remix. Here you go.
Okay, I know it's not the best and I didn't put it in there with an intention of winning,
but when I first downloaded it, it made me really bouncy and hyper, so I give it a 7.
I'll go ahead.
Um, like when I'm listening to that, I like bounce up and down a lot, and then like I
want to take a really big shit.
So I give it eight rolls of toilet paper.
We'll put that there. Look, I made a remix! Woohoo! Look at me go!
I got a big bass. Wanna come over?
So, um, yeah, I'm gonna have to give that, like, a two, and, uh, and Robert Miles' song, well, is better now.
Having, having, having, you know, it's like, it's like if you have the ugly chick and you stand next to her and it makes you look better.
That's what this song was. This song was the ugly chick.
And the rest of the room roasts and groans with that comment.
Oh, come on. Was it really that bad?
Yes.
Uh, eight.
I...
Oh, come on. Loki can do better than that.
Anyways, uh...
I like it. It's short!
It's short. That's a good thing about a song. It's short. It doesn't drag out.
I give it an eight and a half.
Okay, so I like the fact that it was bouncy it was bouncy
So there's a couple of points there and it had links theme which a couple of other points
But other than that, it sucked ass. I'm giving it to
Real real real quick if it's going that fast. How fuck are you gonna dance to that?
I know it's a little fast little too bouncy little too happy happy. I don't think I like it that much
I give it like a seven or a six but I give Loki's commentary a ten. I love that
Okay, I just want to say really fast. So Loki you don't dance to it. You have sex to it
Freaking blow vessel doing that man
hahaha
your god thank god for you people that we don't have video attached to that
don't tell the girls that
pull out the master sword baby yeah
no! oh god bad thought
I thought it was too repetitive I gave it a six
I just don't want to tell Dan that Rob did humping
motions in his chair
you know what I say if the FUs were still going I would say fuck you to all who gave it lower
than at least a seven
if you don't have any like...
Well, the fuck you do over there?
Fuck you, buddy!
Fuck you too!
Here's an idea, okay? Here's an idea.
I've heard better Final Fantasy remixes, okay? Better Final Fantasy remixes, they
need to just do a decent remix of it, then we'll give it a decent score.
Alright, well let's just go ahead and get voting out of the way. We're gonna play a little bitty clip to the songs one more time.
We're going to name them all, and here's a little bit of it.
This one is Sasha with Expander.
OK, that's enough.
Next one is Robert Miles with Fable.
Yay.
Okay, that's enough of that.
And then leak, and then leak, same.
Okay, that's enough of that.
Vote!
Vote now!
In the meantime, we're gonna hand the microphone to Loki to go angst on us again while I pull
up the next break.
Well, I'm gonna do the Monty news, because we promised it like, we promised it like an
hour ago and we never did it, so you've all been sitting there getting moist, your panties
to be getting moist in anticipation of this hot, hot...
I'm drying up my...
I can't believe Puppy just said that!
Say that again!
Things dried up by now!
Never, Krusty!
God!
Things I did not need to know.
Alright.
I am stealing this news.
I will quote my source because a lot of people don't.
I was just surfing around the net during one of the breaks and I found this news.
It was posted on the LiveJournal community for Bamani.
So, it's just username Bemani on the LiveJournal community, livejournal.com slash tilde Bemani.
And by the way, I'll take this opportunity to plug that Orange Lounge also has a LiveJournal
community.
So, if you go to livejournal.com slash tilde Orange Lounge, there's our community.
So, if you use LiveJournal, add us to your friends list because we like it when people
add us to their friends list.
I had a LiveJournal once, then I never posted and they got rid of it for me.
All right, here we go.
I don't think they deleted Council again.
I think you just forgot your password.
alright or somebody hacked it all of them he had stored your account is
holding a real bastard alright
here we go raises raster here we go
that this was up i'm in a credit and actually i think this person's on the
orange launch community which makes them that much cooler this is posted by
hata hata maybe that's
at the heart are something
yeah i have not
it was a hater to me
that's in our community too
that's what i thought
very nice news and i love the icon she even though she is nice she doesn't
need to like not misspell things on purpose whatever it looks like hater
anyway posted about a 2d x night style location test so again I don't know how
reliable this new source is take it with a grain of salt but this is this is just
all in fun right so finally Konami will launch the location test for Bahmani 2d
x night style on May 5th we have rumors saying that this is going to be the last
Last installment, but it has not been confirmed yet.
On the official site, they announced a few songs that will be brought back, however,
that is not all.
We all know that Beatmania has closed its history last year with the release of Beatmania
the Final.
It was not over yet.
They are also bringing back some songs that was on Beatmania.
The songs include LED Hellscaper, Tack with Release Your Mind, Pink Pong with Pink Dream,
The Bald Heads Scagogo, DJ Naguro with Miriam, featuring Believe Again.
Just to name a few, I'm pretty sure that some of those songs would be remixed by our favorite
artists due to massive resurrection of classic Beatmania songs, it is possible that they
may have to take out many 2DX songs as well.
Of course, we will have new songs brought to us by DJ Taka, Tack, Ram and many other
familiar names.
Some songs that would definitely catch our heart include Taka with Natural Principle,
Aya with Death Wind, Tack with Irrational, Yamato with X49, and Akira Yamaka with Electric
Wave.
I also scoured several of my downloading places and I haven't found that anywhere.
Konami in Japan paid attention, but I'm sure as popular as it is in Japan, they wouldn't
cut it off now.
Just don't let 2DX get in the hands of, uh, Konami of America, holy crap.
Oh god, that's a scary thought!
And Rob almost fell out of his chair.
Unless they're gonna give us, like, you know, 9-Key 2DX or something, I don't know.
That'd be weird.
But then it'd be Popping DX!
Resurrect...
Resurrect frickin', um, what was it, Kraken DJ.
Kraken DJ's the shit.
I like that game a lot.
Anybody else want to say anything about night style,
night style being the last things
they want to see on night style?
I don't know, more talking.
If this were the last 2DX, say if they do a BeatMania 4,
a fourth series or whatever.
What do you think they should do in it?
I was actually talking about this earlier today with Zero.
I was saying that they should add, much like BeatMania 3
had the foot pedal effector thing, which didn't do shit,
Crossfader. Like, we were talking about, what was it we were talking about? Oh, Healing
Vision Angelic, where that one part where it's just all da-na-na-na, they have that
be like a Crossfader part on there. Something like that, I don't know. A little bit more
elaborate. I was thinking also, you know, like in Keyboard Mania, how you have the wheel.
Something like that, yeah. Yeah. Here's my suggestion, this is the same thing they need
to do to DDR. Like, when they bring DDR to a new series, if they're gonna do a DDR, 2DX
or whatever. They need to do a... Well, Freeze Notes is one thing, because Easy to DJ has
that, but it's kind of overrated.
They do have that. It's pretty cool. It's very few songs have it. I would suggest some
kind of more elaborate battle mode. Like, imagine if they had the thing in Disney's
Rave to 2DX. That would be cool.
Oh yeah, yes, exactly. They have all these characters that they don't use anymore because they're the total background.
I think the new versions of DDR and 2DX need to have more competitive modes because DDR has always been a co-op game till now.
They need freaking Dance Battle again. That was in Second Mix.
Exactly. If it elaborated a little more on competition, I think it would be a kick-ass game.
Well, actually, what I would like to see again is another Link version.
I think that would be a really good idea.
So you think maybe it's a coincidence they're ending DDR and 2DX at the same time?
To bring them back as this big, sub-stream resurrection?
Maybe. Maybe not.
You know what I'd like to see? I'd like to see Beatmania's song selection on DDR.
Just get rid of all that shit that they're ripping from like Dance Mania, like all these speed mixes, anything from Wild Side, no.
I say the Dance Mania stuff is the best stuff in DDR. It always is. Except, they do a little, sometimes not, but nine times less.
As in the Queen songs that they horribly rape and destroy.
The most freestyle of the songs.
Always the most freestylable songs out of anything in DDR.
So you're saying that you would rather take Senorita's Speedy Mix versus The Sound of Goodbye or Never Look Back...
But See, The Sound of Goodbye and Never Look Back are licensed songs as well.
Fly Away...
Those are all licensed songs you're naming. They're not Konami originals. They're all licensed songs.
Alright, fine. General Relativity, 19 November. How about WOWL70?
I'm not saying to get rid of those, but don't get rid of the Dance Mania stuff because that's some of the best stuff.
Oh, what am I talking about anyways? They just fuck up the steps in the first place.
Exactly.
Yeah, most of the dance weenie stuff is fine, but I got one word for you. JOGA.
Okay. I got one word for you.
I got one word for you, bitch. Politary.
No, JOGA. Also known as Ban for Moore's Lounge.
Cause they do, they're nothing but the same damn song every time.
Oh god, look, he just said he wants to make a remix.
Please do a JOGA remix. Please, please, please.
Rob, by the way, I warned you, that's the trap chair. Don't fall.
And Rob almost fell out of it again. That's like the second time in five minutes.
Yeah, like, uh, We Are The Champions, because that song just played so much.
I mean, I can't tell you how many times they tell people,
Stop playing We Are The Champions, keep hearing that song over and over.
They took Queen and made it gay.
That's, that's...
And for the record, I play that song.
And for the record, Queen was gay.
I know that, dammit!
But the music wasn't until that.
I think we just made JB have a cry because it's SyFam.
Ice Queen, by the way, just got his name with that.
Even still, you know, there's better stuff that's come from SyFam.
Look at freakin' DDR USA. Those songs were awesome.
You know, take it to the morning light, you know...
Ooh, nah nah nah nah nah, yeah!
Yeah! Seriously, better than...
We are the champions!
Ooh, nah nah nah nah nah, yeah!
Dark Black Forest, I mean, that was awesome.
Ooh, and SADSTORM!
We can RAVE!
You know what, I think we're gonna probably have to take a break.
I have one more story that needs to be read.
Needs to be read, because actually some people were alluding to this.
I'm sorry, what were you saying?
We have to also tell you the truth.
Yeah, we have to tell you the truth. We'll do that during the break.
But I have to read this news.
And now, again, as with the last story,
Konami of Japan told that they are thinking about introducing Beatmania 2DX to the USA.
After gaining so much popularity by their release of DDR USA Mix, they said they are
considering the release of the 2DX series as well.
The Konami of Japan says DDR USA was a big success, the number of players are still increasing
and we also get several emails asking if we are going to release the American version
of 2DX. Konami of America is excited about this as well. One of the spokesmen said the
DJ scene is probably more popular in America than Japan. I am sure that the game will catch
the heart of both real DJs, not yet Loki, and the people who want to be one. So want
to be a DJ, just start playing 2DX, that's exactly what they're saying here. The music
is great for audience too, and I don't see why this can't be a success. It is rumored
that the new machine will be revealed to E3 2003. Depending on the schedule, it might
be postponed to 2004. Unlike DDR, instead of the home controller, the entire machine
will be brought in and it will be on free play. They are also thinking about bringing
guest players from Japan to show us how the game is played. That's where I start to think
the story's bullshit i think the story's bullshit right there they don't need to
go to cg daily city
that well you know that'll be cool all they don't need to do that
there's very good players here locally yet
i mean when i say locally in california
they don't acknowledge any of those people mean hello look at drop the bomb
system at that
but six
what will i go i don't think the i'm talking about bringing in the players is
that that's what they did last year you do they have all u s players and i know
mel is down there it makes it it would make sense
that they would use local players if they know that there's a local scene.
Well, anyway, let me finish and give the rest of his comments.
One more exciting news about this is that they will have some songs that's
only featured on the USA version of 2DX only.
However, it may not satisfy some expert players, so this is going to be the
first release of 2DX in America.
It may be aimed at beginner players so they can get into the game easily.
It's possible that the new feature is included like the beginner mode in DDR
USA, possibly similar to the drill mode that's featured in 2DX 5th, 6th
homestyle version.
this might be a good chance for people who live outside of california to try
this game out
i'm actually going to um...
take those to uh... a source and see if i can find any legitimacy but i doubt
that it is
we'll find out but just take it with a grain of salt that's a new story going
around we're gonna report it
the only
the only way this is going to work is if they actually do a good job on this and
you know
good music for this
um...
However, looking at, you know, Konami of America's past track record, it's not looking good, folks.
It's not looking good at all.
I think they're gonna, I think they're gonna take 2DX and go,
you know what? I think these players, because these players haven't played the Japanese songs,
so let's take a bunch of stuff from first style, and then we're gonna take a shit on it,
and then we're gonna add some new songs, too.
No, no, wait, I'm gonna, I'm gonna disagree.
Because if they, now, if they don't screw it, if they don't try to do this,
We're going to do it on a learning curve. We're going to start easy with DDR USA, and then we're going to go to economics
And then we're going to go to max USA which max USA if that had been the first one
We would never have people bitching people would have been happy with that
And you know what people wouldn't bitch about how Konami messes it up, so
You know what Konami which you need to do even though you want to milk the sales if you want to keep the fans
Happy put it all encompassing into one game something that the beginners can pick up have your beginner mode
But have those and others that will murder us to the expert stuff and good songs
Well, not just Light 7, I'm talking like the Beginner 1, 2, where every song's a one-star.
The Japanese ones have that, no one complains, it's pretty nice, it helps you learn how to play.
Do that, don't just, don't give us a game that's only the 1, 2, and 3 stars, or people are gonna bitch.
That would be ugly.
If you don't learn how to play, Light 7, leave it there.
Keep your Light 7, keep your 7 key.
That way you have room for people to get better.
I'll just put it this way, you put Vincent DeMure's Eternity on there, I don't care what the fuck you do, you can put a big gay-ass character in the opening logo, I don't give a crap at all, I'll play the game if you have Eternity on there.
Hello, this is DJ Spanky, saying everybody should play 2DX USA. I endorse this fully. It has such wonderful songs in it, like Justify My Love by Madonna.
So Mr. Spanky, does the nice, booming subwoofer make you feel special?
This is what I would suggest you do when 2DX comes to the USA.
Get your subwoofer and mount it really high so it comes up to the bar, then when you play,
straddle the subwoofer.
It's much funner.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
oh god
it'll make your balls bounce
okay
that was
that was a little too much information
and the room falls silent
i think that we should go to break while we tally the votes for a cage about which actually
i've already done
but uh... we'll go to break, we'll play a few songs, especially one by request
and then uh...
I will announce the winner for the cage match, which I tabulated while Noah was looking.
Anyway, yeah, here you go
Come on!
Woo hoo!
Woo-hoo!
I said don't go, back it up again, you're never gonna keep me down
Ooh, ooh, ooh, can we sing it?
CH Theatre
I can feel the rhythm, ooh yeah
Got a feeling that I love you
Kiko eru
Anata no oe no lezumo
Te pechi te nato topepi ama michi
Follow the one, you can stay on my head, oh yeah
Gotta get rid of the one, oh yeah
Gotta get rid of the one, follow the one
Hi, this is Mel B of RTF, and for an extra $1.99 a minute, my girlfriend Mel B can join
us on all the fun together.
Hey, hey, if you're a broke-ass like I am, why don't you come to the one place that costs
absolutely nothing to go to and still the fun is just as great?
It's Orange Lounge Radio, Sunday nights.
Take it with me and you just might realize the best things in life are free.
goody goody not a damn person voted for fable you people made me cry
he people made me laugh
the
god i thought my tackling was that the ice queen's tackling with that
uh...
all right
what we got to do now though we're gonna set up for a listless redo listless
tonight right yes and what is the listless topic
the topic is
What mocap game do we want to see?
You've had mocap boxing,
mocap golf,
and now what should the next mocap game be? What would we want to see here
in the studio?
That's tonight's list list.
So can we
can we queue up a quick song to give us time to think? I'm going to do a few songs.
Just do like, maybe like...
We hate to play so many songs in a row, but we just need the time to think here.
So we're going to do like maybe one or two quick songs,
and then we'll be back.
when it is a couple quick songs
little it in a chance to do it and i think that over well
that overwhelming response
so it is a transfer will come back and uh... do mocap
we're loading it up
okay so uh... it if you have it
if you haven't downloaded the at the uh... secret website seeking get to this
is will be the are for food dot net slash leech from loki
so just about the secret page we can download well i don't ever contain hot
sex and now now it does
enjoy
so we're gonna play Legend of the Trance
if uh... we can get it
with an L
unfortunately not everybody in the studio is going to be able to help with
listless tonight but we'll uh...
we'll let them break any ties we have
which we usually do to people who
it's not working
okay
we're having technical difficulties so we're trying again
I mean, it's not reading the CD.
In the mean time...
That's the CD.
What else were you talking about during the break?
Um...
Okay.
Uh, we're looking for the... There it is. Okay, yay, we got it. So we're gonna, uh, play Legend of the Trance and prepare our list list and we'll be right back.
you are listening to Orange Launch Radio.
Okay, we are back and we're ready.
We're going to do the list list.
Here we go.
So the way list list works, in case you're a new listener to the show, what we're going
to do, we're all going to name our top three.
We have six people in studio participating, the three hosts, interns Zero, Puppy, and
Artistry are all participating tonight.
Top three mocap games.
By the way, for the record, mocap stands for motion capture.
Yes, and you may have seen games like mocap boxing, golf, and another one, Tsuguri, which
is the sword game.
Very good.
Also, if you've never, if you've, police 911 is kind of a mocap game, you can kind of count
Para Para, whatever, you know, if you've never seen an actual mocap game, those are kind
of rough estimates of what it is.
It's a censor for your movement.
Exactly.
So, and then once we all name our top three, then we're going to do the elimination round,
which is always fun.
Each of us gets to take one off the list of somebody else's picks, or your own, if you
so choose.
I just kind of burped a little, that was good.
And then the chat room has the ultimate vote.
They're going to vote on their top three.
And Ice Queen and DDRHolic, they're not doing lists, but they'll help us break ties.
And Bombay's in the back there too, but he's digging through things.
Are you, oh you look like you were hunched over looking at something.
Are you gonna hurl? Do you need a barf bag? Are you okay?
Do you need a donkey bag? Alright. Alright, here we go.
My first choice for a mocap game
is mocap horse racing. Mocap horse racing, yay!
Where you're suspended on a giant saddle and have to spank.
I almost had one like that on my list. Almost like that horse humping game that Namco put out, but not.
Oh, uh, final furlong? Yeah.
that would be fun now
uh... vocab horse racing
would it be will complete with initial be like arts
yeah okay
all right moving on was next next
first choice is vocab drug dealing
but without a drug dealing how would that work
and i at least i want to reverse
pretty much like you have a certain type period to get your product out on the
street as much as possible
What exactly is being mocapped?
You've run from cops.
You've actually got to hand it to people and stuff.
So are you on a treadmill when you do the running part?
How fast can you whip out a ten?
How fast can you take the money and do the drop and the drop?
Catch the dime bags!
Well, I'm just going to kind of expand on one of them that I had.
I originally had put down mocap dancing.
But instead, I'm going to put down Mocap Raivar.
No, that's just Para Para, I thought.
No, see, Para Para is more organized. Mocap Raivar is more of like, you're kind of just, yeah, more flailing involved.
You got special bonus rounds where you get to massage people on E.
Yeah, like the first thing, right, when you put in your money, it drops out an e-pill.
You have to take it and wait five minutes.
Exactly.
It has little glow sticks on strings.
It has little glow sticks on strings.
That's beautiful. Alright.
I think the lights flicker, too.
Mocap Rayvar.
Uh, moving on to Dark Tetsuya.
Mocap Murder Simulator.
Mocap Murder!
So would it just be just like stabbing people or shooting them?
I guess, yeah.
What kind of people would you be murdering?
Terrorists.
Oh, terrorists. Aw, what an American answer.
Go down.
All right.
Uh, puppy.
Okay.
Mocap binge drinking.
Mocap?
That's kinda like last night.
Mocap binge drinking.
I don't think anyone was binging.
That was great, yeah. Anyway.
Okay, mocap binging. How would that work? Would you have to, like, would it have, like, a floating keg?
You'd have to...
You'd probably have to, like, run...
Yeah.
Okay.
Kind of along those same lines.
Um, my number three choice, I said, is mocap girls gone wild.
or what it does is it motion caps the girls lifting their shirts
and showing their hooters to the uh... like boobies to mocap
and then
yeah i can see it now a bunch of little eight-year-old kids lighting up around
this machine and seeing this chick just lifting up her shirt
and all and mocap girls gone wild would have internet ranking of course
co-sponsored by are you hot or not dot com
seriously
they've got a site
it's called read my boobs dot com
uh...
and of course if girls gone wild as well we get the sequel
guys gone crazy
you have
it you know i have a added versions would have to be like that
that dot this new dogs the doggy style it
and then uh...
that it's more of a fantasy
we won't be this
i don't want to see there's a lot just
with it out
how fast i wanted to help me
okay what's the chat room say about all this crap
i don't know i don't think i just went crazy all right fucking pump it up
it
no mocap mardi gras
okay
and send out
we just that we are just now checking the chair by the way so we didn't steal
any answers so
so now for a i think we get mine
night you're number two and a few
no cap comma sutra
no cap commissary trial
once again what we're going to have a level of mo cap comma sutra
when we have to unit dislocate your hip and your shoulders to get into the
position
and then hop around like a drunk monkey
and as i said before eight-year-old
this is probably all right
that's what i changed
the remote at the sniper
mocha pcs paper
that's that
how is this how
i was just a little thing though this has laid
the
do you have like the from the trunk level
and then you have a building level and you have to grant certainly uh... bomb
they was in the back he was saying the uh... for those who didn't hear at the
uh... downtown bike puncher
mocha game because
I don't know if you guys have heard, but here in Sacramento we have this guy who's famous
for riding around on a bike in the middle of the night and punching women in the face.
Which sounds funny, but it's a horrible crime, I mean, but, just, it's, it's weird. That's
the only way you can describe it. What kind of guy just goes around and punches people
in the face? Anyway.
I don't think it's a guy, I think I'm doing it.
You know, like, DC Sniper, you would, like, actually have to get in different positions,
like the prone position and hiding in bushes and stuff and then you'd have to
like trek your way across the country to try to get away okay so moving on Loki
all right I've been changing mine like as I'm thinking here sitting here I was
going to stop with a mocap surgery but no we're not doing mocap surgery instead
it's gonna be mocap vandalism I mean this could include like freaking mailbox
baseball you know classic spray painting dude wait okay red we're gonna limit it
this now it's gonna be mocap graffiti mocap graffiti yeah like you've got a
like you know tag shit it's got skill and you know it's cool wonderful okay
Okay.
Wait, Joe's next.
Oh, yes.
I think, for this one, I'm pretty sure that Cotton Eye Joe would probably in it.
Mocap line dancing.
Mocap line dancing.
Oh, my lord.
Okay.
I want to do the electric slide.
That would be beautiful.
Okay.
You get it complete with a ten-gallon hat.
And boots.
Alright.
Okay.
My number two.
Cycle your Para Para boots with your line dancing.
My number two, mocap donkey punch.
What exactly would you be doing in that game?
Anita, how does a donkey punch work?
Well, how come you think I know so much about it?
Because you brought it up last night.
Okay, when, um, everybody knows what donkey punching is.
We don't we need you to could you please explain it. Okay, if you are doing a person in the
Yes, yes, like well, okay
Okay, freaking donkey punching is when you're like taking chick from behind me
You just you take your fist and you smack it in the back of her head
As hard as you can as hard you can so that she clenches. Yeah
So you're fucking so many abs and then you start striking him in the back of the head.
It can also be applied to men.
Okay.
Right, okay.
Mocap Donkey Punch, great.
My number two-
Um, we have a comment, yay, more about Loki's sex life.
Okay.
Uh, my number two is, uh, Mocap Snow Art.
Where it records your movements of like stage one is writing your name in the snow, and then like you know mocap you know like just peeing things in the snow. Be beautiful.
Only guys could play that.
Okay, you know like Mario Party 4?
It came from every woman who wishes she had a penis.
Well now you can! Now you can! And you know what, I know women that do the same damn thing. They pee in the snow.
Maybe I should be playing a guitar.
I'm trying to run. They write their name by running.
I've heard stories.
They write their name really big by running.
For the people who are not here watching, Rob just turned purple.
My turn!
And actually, mine is not a funny one. Mine is actually a legitimate thing that I wish that they would make.
We can't have that.
Whoa!
Whoa!
Were you like, you know, you play the, you play, you play the, um, the District of Tron
and you had your light cycle level.
I don't even know what an 80's movie is, shit.
Just trying to win?
Yeah.
I don't know, I'm serious.
And this actually came, comes from a dream that I had a couple nights ago after I watched
Tron where I dreamt that I was playing like this, a virtual Tron simulator game.
It was so cool.
That actually...
And I like woke up all disappointed and then was trying.
Tron is one of those 80 games that everybody like remembers, I think.
I do anyway.
By the way, Tron 2.0 needs to hurry up and come out.
Yeah.
mocap zanadu
oh god
we were back? hello
i hope they got the mocap
did they get mocap-tron? i hope so
we'll see
alright keep going
one i got is for the most
worth of sport in the world
and it would be mocap curling
so i just see someone like
shaking their head
and they're like
like
So I just see someone shuffling a disc, and then you can have a friend play, and you're both running in front with these little brooms trying to scrape out imaginary ice.
Greatest Olympic sport ever.
Because you can thank the Canadians for the greatest sport in history.
You're throwing 40,000 rocks at me.
Yes. Imagine it now. The game about the thing that most people spies. The worst form of life on the face of the earth. That's right.
Mocap Panamime.
Oh, that's great. Mocap Mime. Alright.
If you kicked a mime in the nuts, would you scream?
Alright. Dark Tetsuya says, for his number one.
Three words. Mocap Mud Wrestling.
Mocap Mud Wrestling, beautiful.
I wonder where that came from.
Would the sequel be Mocap Cream Corn Wrestling?
K.Y. Wrestling.
There's a scene for that in that movie Old School.
Anyway...
I realized that my number one choice sucks.
I'm trying to think of a new one so Rob can go ahead of me for...
Cuz I have any socks. Yes. Well, just read it anyway. No
But curling's legitimate, okay, we you want to give us some help maybe read some things in the chat room
The chair room is said suggested
She's okay two words mocap shades
Okay, I shall put on my shades mocap Rob's voice
MoCap Volleyball. MoCap Shell Military in Nigeria.
What?
MoCap Quidditch, yes!
MoCap Quidditch.
Well, there already is, there was that motion sensing Tekken 3 thing before.
Um, no.
Yeah.
Keep going.
MoCap Friday the 13th.
mocap hot monkey sex
mocap hitler
oh god
i have it from a
you can't really motion capture that
I want mocap shopping.
You know what, actually, I'll go with that one that Loki recommends here.
Mocap pole dancing.
Mocap pole dancing, beautiful.
Be your own, be the stripper.
I like that mocap shopping, though.
That could be, like, they could have snow art on one side and shopping on the other.
Something for the guys and the girls.
Mocap supermarket sweep.
You wanna change your answer?
Yes.
I want to change my answer.
Probably changes from pole dancing to supermarket sweep.
That show is cool beyond belief.
Alright, my number one answer, and I can't believe this hasn't already been named, but I think it's the obvious.
Mocap spanking.
I thought there was that one game where you actually had this slap.
Yeah, that one.
No, you actually shove your finger up your ass. Well, not your ass, but the guy's ass.
I thought it was actually just me.
whatever i don't know
i said well you know what is in the mocap game in any mocap spanking
well i think we should start voting shit off the list
do you want to read what we have so far? so far we have mocap horse racing, mocap drug
dealing, mocap rivar spelled R4V4R
uh... mocap murder, mocap binge drinking
mocap girls come wild
mocap kamasutra, mocap dc sniper
mocap graffiti, mocap line dancing, mocap donkey punch
mocap snow art, mocap tron
curling, mime, mud-wrestling, Supermarket Sweet, and spanking.
I take out...
Donkey Punch.
Awwww.
I just, I don't think you can get the same sensation from a mocap game that you
could in real life.
Because...
unless there's like a strap-on attachment to play, it wouldn't be any fun.
so next
i would have to take off
mocap mud wrestling
how could you really motion capture that though
unless there's two players you know
ice queen's offering to demonstrate i have had a cry take your right dark
tetsuya
oh no i'm sorry loki's next i'm sorry loki
practices
binge drinking
vocab in jagri s house to take that off just because you can't really get liquor
from the machine so kind of suck
uh...
three like that
may have having
we should have a mocap praying
mocap forgot
uh...
that's actually going to be ever taken off
drug dealing cares
it's just like
sit now it's it's kinda you need some simpler than that
mocap uh...
yeah
alright puppy
the copy book
uh... d
what
show that there is a sign here
uh...
you know if i think that somebody
but the capital acts
or almost a door yet
i will get rid of both kept by because it be all black and white
and it's not uh... alright
it should be no capture aids
this is hard because i like all of these uh...
i'm gonna have to take off with a little bit of fancy i've take off mocap line
dancing
just because
just because that's kind of what part of the reason why is kinda like dancing so
so they already have it as far as i can see otherwise there
anyway that there
we're having a little bit of grabbing a little bit of dead air right now
uh...
So, what are we going to do? Are we going to read the list?
We'll read the list. The first one is mocap horse racing,
mocap revar,
mocap murder, girls gone wild, kama sutra,
dc sniper, graffiti, snow art,
tron, curling, supermarket sweep, and spanking.
And spanking.
Ooh, spanking.
Well, sorry.
nobody else took it off
mocap ups delivery driver just like frickin' ace vinter the opening scene
there
sounds a little broken
you know what we all see it's just uh...
you know mocap ups drive you just walk up to the door and then like hot women jump on
you and try to fuck you
it's like everybody like
bunch of women i know get really horny or the ups driver for whatever reason
It's the fact that he comes and he goes, he comes to the place, he brings a package, and
he leaves.
That's what it is.
It's the truck.
People love the truck.
Well, anyway, we're accepting your votes right now.
We're going to go to break while you send in your votes.
And we'll have a response when we come back.
This is the way we dance This is the way we rock
This is the way we vibe As we demonstrate
This is the way we dance, this is the way we rock, this is the way we fight, as we demonstrate,
as we demonstrate
Straight, straight, straight
This is the sound
This is the sound
Everybody wants a piece of the pie
Don't tell me that Mr. I
Puss a horse on the path that I don't abide
Don't stand so, don't stand so, don't stand so close to me
Baby you belong to me
Yes you do, yes you do
You're my faction
I can make a woman cry
If I do, yes I do, I will be good
You're like a cruise in vice
Your blood is cold like ice
Poison for my pain
I'm breaking my chains
One look and you can kill
My pain, I'll miss your thrill
Your love is for me
I said, try me
Take a chance on emotions
For now it never goes to your heart
I said, try me
Take a chance on my passion
We'll be together all the time
I said, try me
Take a chance of emotions
For now and ever
Into my heart I said, try me
Take a chance of my passion
We'll be together till the morning light
Don't stand so, don't stand so
Don't stand so close to me
Don't you know, don't you know
I've been waiting for you
Don't you know, baby, you could show them right on time
Can't you see, can't you see, I've been waiting for you
Can't you see, baby, you could smile and cry all the time
And I was thunder, I wasn't greedy
All I wanted was attention
Party after party, beauty and money
We were so desperate for perfection
But you have made me feel so good
I pulled me closer to you
I closed my eyes
In your own life, I'm still again
With you, don't you know, don't you know
I've been waiting for you
Don't you know, baby, music's gonna fly, fly, fly
Can't you see, can't you see
I've been waiting for you
can't you see baby you could smile all right all the time
don't you know don't you know i've been waiting for you
don't you know baby you could counselors right on time
can't you see can't you see i've been waiting for you
can't you see baby you could smile all right all the time
We're back, and we have a winner, or a few of them.
Number three for best mocap game is mocap snow art.
ready for pee number two winner is mocap ray bar and the number one is mocap
kamasutra because damn it we like the nookie yay all right another fabulous
list list comes to a close okay what happened I meant to save it and I closed
Oh well, life goes on.
Somebody in the chatroom posted on East of Osaka Forest, thank you, the end.
Alright, so, now we're going to do, we're going to Ask Orange Lounge, we're going to close out this with a couple quick questions for Ask Orange Lounge.
Yeah, let's do Ask Orange Lounge.
We've got ten minutes, send your question over PM.
Send your question over private message to DarkSakura, remember we have a ton of guests in studio tonight.
By the way, by the way, bad grammar, it's not should of, it should have.
Hey, you're guilty of that too!
I am, so what?
You still knew what I was saying. Hey, I went off on that on one of my fuckies of the week.
Where? Well, let's see if we have our first question. Here's a big
ball of Kleenex just for you, dear. First question comes from
Maneki Neko Jass. Oh, yay! Are you gay?
Are you gay? If you scream, you call,
you gay. So, wait, are we gonna go around and find out who's gay? Is he directing that one
person, or...
Is this a Margaret Cho quote?
Oh, it's just a Margaret Cho quote?
Are you gay?
Oh, well then, if it's not a real question, forget it.
I have a response to that. I actually have a response to that.
Oh, wait, I'm sorry.
Mommy think everybody little bit gay.
I don't know, I like boobs sometimes.
I'm a lesbian trapped in a man's body.
yeah how many times we've heard that one before we're you gonna play a response
to that or yeah okay all right then let's hear it
I inherited my father's eyes and my mother's on one
I'll eat pussy
It's just not my first choice.
I'll eat pussy if they run out of what I really want.
Interesting, okay.
Moving on.
The next question comes from JB.
When will my sci-fem CD get here?
That's great grammar.
You get to criticize him about that too?
No, I said, when will my second CD get here?
Oh, I thought you said gets here.
I was coughing.
Oh, OK.
It will get here on next Thursday.
Oh, let's see if Rob's right.
Our next one comes from Japan Man.
Anyone looking for a good time?
Yes.
Not from you.
That's why we're here.
That's why we're here.
That's a very good answer.
Do you have a phone number we can call?
Hey, baby.
By the way, just between you and me, that's what I'm aiming for for season 3, is the debut
of the phones.
Yes.
Woohoo!
So when Loki and I move into, because then we'll be able to dedicate a home line, because,
you know, who cares if Orange Lounge people are calling during the middle of the day?
The next question comes from 23rd Bank, it's actually for DarkTetia.
I never asked you if you had to collide Japanese girls in a bucket of chocolate ready whip,
what would you do?
Oh my god, I don't know.
Yeah. What would I not do? That's a good one.
Our next question comes from Chubbs. Will you be hosting Orange Downs Radio during March Madness, and can I be a guest?
Yes and yes. When's your next junk show?
When we have a three-day weekend? Um, probably the Saturday night...
I got it! I got it! Sunday night after March Madness! Oh, that's right, because you and me have Monday off!
drunk you and me well the thing is okay this is the interesting thing in two
weeks orange lounge will be preempted by the live running coverage of March
madness please help us spread the promotion we want this to be a huge
internet event we know a lot of you guys aren't in California we know a lot of
times this show is kind of very localized to California events and stuff
but if you guys want to get in on this those of you abroad we know we have a
lot of listeners out on the East Coast Midwest if you want to get in on this
Listen to our live tournament coverage. It's going to go all day long, and it's just for you guys who are far away, because we figure most people from California are going to be here at the tournament. You'll get to hear everybody.
And our next trunk show is probably going to be right after that, because we're going to be like, fuck this and get drunk.
We will probably do a live fuck-off show immediately following the March Madness coverage.
Well, our next question comes from SkylineDC505. It says, will I pass my drive test this Thursday? Sure.
I you will pass it with an 80 like I did
It was the fee
What type of questions can ask people to make them think I'm interested? I'm sorry. What was it? What type of questions?
Can I ask people to make them think I'm interested?
What color panties are you wearing? I?
Like peanut butter what a fuck
There you go. That's a great question. Yes, I like peanut butter. Do you want to fuck question mark?
More Than Jake asks, why won't anybody pick up the phone, because we're not there?
Send an email, welcome to the new millennium, hi.
23rd Magus, have any of you actually called 867-5309?
No, I never have.
Everybody in their lives?
But I have called, hey for those of you local in Sacramento in the 916 area code, I have called 332-2222.
That's all I'm going to say.
I'll have you know that actually because of that song right there. That's why in every single movie all the phone numbers are five five five
Yes
Because five five five no one can have a number with that on it because those are dedicated
Straight for like the movies and stuff because people like that call that number and in some guy just got knowing
Totally pissed off at that. You know yeah, I mean really don't you guys watch pop-up video. They said it like 80 times now
actually I believe if any of you saw the movie punch drunk love
there's a scene where Adam Sandler's calling like a porn sex line or something and they
use like a real number
what they did is that Hollywood bought like that 800 number and then like put
an advertisement for the movie on it
so that's kinda funny. JB asks can I talk on the order of March Madness I will hypnotize you I will
stife him talk more hahaha
yes any okay this is the interesting thing
if March Madness gets set up like we hope it does
we're not gonna be like tucked away in the corner like way the back we will be
able to see us
we're hoping that we're gonna have if if the tourney is outdoors like we're
thinking it's going to be provided it's not raining
we're hoping that the gazebo is going to be orange lounge and if any of you have been to
Scandia and see the gazebo out back it's huge you won't miss us
so come on by it's gonna be open open door all day so
nobody else needs to ask that yes you can be on the show just come on by and say hi
will you guys be here in the summer for CBN too so can I be a guest that's from Rice?
Give me some dates, as long as I can afford it. I don't see why not. Yeah, I have not heard anything about CBN2.
Because we already know there's going to be B3 May 17th and 18th, and definitely going to be there, so you should be there too.
May is a little before summer, though. I imagine Cyberbeat, they wouldn't want to do that more than twice a year, if even that, so I would think that January, probably July would be the earliest they'd want to do that. So, I don't know. Give us dates, we'll see.
and another one from a jazz what are each of our favorite extreme songs first
and I don't really play extreme that much but and and because I would
normally name anything that tack does I'm actually gonna go with guacamole del
taco contrary to what a lot of people see me play I actually seem to like be
a lot more than I put on. I always play A on doubles only because the steps are fun.
And people like watching you run around the pad really fast. They're like, ooh, arrows
going up the screen
okay and so what's the make a comment on
the definitely beer butter
okay that i don't get on extreme
the corporate they love you dot
amen
okay don't laugh okay don't laugh alright
gianna gianna doubles that is a
i love it
it's like
uh...
i'm stuck between
mobile again
uh...
evictions
rhythm police of those days
rule
you pick sides
uh... i
I'm gonna call me Fag, but I do, I do, I do. I love that song.
Fag?
He said so!
Okay, and Rob, can he stay at your house with your mic?
Uh, I think so, yeah, I still haven't run that by Brian for sure, but I have told
him there is a tournament and people will probably be here.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure, let's just say yes, if there's a change that I'll let you know.
And then... He's pretty cool with stuff like that. If he wants to know if I can legally become his cousin,
We could try.
I'm adopting you anyway, so...
Interesting. How would that work?
Your aunt would have to adopt me.
What about, could your aunt adopt him? Do you have an aunt?
I have a bunch of aunts, but...
Could one of them, you don't want them to adopt J.B.? You'd rather be adopted by J.B.
I'm scared of my family, so...
Okay, so you'll try.
Maybe, maybe you can go on the People's Court and make that happen.
Let's go to people's court and have them legally make us cousins.
This is the plaintiff.
And then...
And then, can I kill A.T.T. Comcast? No, A.T.T. can go, but Comcast is actually doing good service for me.
You can come over here and use my cable.
23 Megas.
Can I put a big sign on the gazebo that says Orange Doms Temple of Butt?
No.
No, because it's Scandia Family Fun Center.
If we shake hands at marshmallows, does that make one of us outface?
And that's the DT.
Um, no.
Yeah, sure.
Ask us more questions, we have one more minute.
Waste time, waste time, waste time.
Does anybody in the room have a question for anyone else that they want to ask live on air?
I didn't mean to say that, but yeah.
I was answering a question, yeah.
That's why I said the evil name.
hey we have question from Japan and yay
both of the a
Japan Man. Back to Japan Man.
Does 1, 2, 3, 4 Max 300's owner suck?
Really? Bad. Awful piece of shit.
It was created in the Temple of Butt.
Worse than T-word.
Hi guys!
Hi! Hi guys!
And JB, what's your favorite SyFam song?
That Track 16 one.
Ah, You Leave Me Alone.
the jennifer song it's too late to say goodbye or something
you leave me alone venus
anybody else want to say a favorite sci-fem song
rob you should probably know this one
love the angel
boom boom boom
uh... that irresistible mint or whatever that one that's on the DTR stream
i'm actually going to play the one that i really like after the credits
so stay tuned for a bit
You know what? That does it.
Let's get to the last question. We'll cut it off.
Oh, we'll get to the last question.
Then I don't know. It was just a moment.
Are you in joy?
Yes.
Are we in joy?
Final thoughts? Time.
Final thoughts?
I'm still going to play that song anyway.
Don't fall down and hurt yourself.
I don't have any.
I'm sorry. I don't have any.
How about you?
I have to go homework on my website and my anime ezine that I have to do for my work.
Full peanut butter cups are harder to throw than just wrappers.
I have to go to work tomorrow and I really don't want to.
I don't know nothing.
If you ever go to Chico, beware the sheep, they're all sluts.
Will someone fuck me if I just lie there?
No comment.
Do you really want somebody to answer that, Rob?
Maybe. And on that note, bye everybody!
Bye guys!
been listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is an orange lounge
production orange lounge radio is hosted by dark Sakura sky and Loki if you'd
like to leave us a comment send us an email at orange lounge radio at yahoo.com
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
It's like a loo.
It's like a Mickey O'Connor.
Click, snorkel, and vlogger.
What's that?
You'll play me banana.
That's called banana.
That's called banana.
That's called banana.
That's called banana.
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
