Message for you, son!
Attention!
Do you want to hear the most annoying sound in the world?
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, the Monty Talk, and then some.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain hot monkey sex.
Just kidding.
Orange Lounge will not contain hot monkey sex.
In this episode... Hey, are there any boys down there?
The biggest fairy you ever seen, Jingle Fairy?
What's your favorite scary movie?
Showgirls.
Absolute fright.
What's yours?
There are no stupid questions, just stupid people.
Don't torture yourself.
That's my job.
Now's the time on Sprocket's going to be dogs!
I'll get you, my pretty, and your little dog, too.
I know Kung Fu.
I'm sorry, but all questions must be submitted in writing.
Why did they have to take the word day?
No one expects a Spanish exposition.
It's Kendo.
Hey!
DarkSakura, Sky, Loki, Orange Lounge Radio,
We are live and this is episode number 37 for March 9th.
No, it's not the 9th.
It's the 16th of 2003.
Rob's doing the time warp again.
Hello.
You're tuned into the Mamani Scene's most buzzing radio station of all things Mamani.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts.
In this corner, the happiest bunny on the farm is Jamie Summers.
You know her better as DarkSakura.
I'm not happy.
In that corner, say hello to our tech master, Loki.
Hello.
And with us here also in the studio tonight, we have... Here!
Nobody!
This is amazing!
There is nobody else here tonight.
It is just the three of us.
This is craziness.
Zero's not even here.
He was supposed to be here tonight.
Yeah, I guess.
And...
Brad and Irene said they were going to be here tonight.
We need to make our intern do something really crazy.
That is messed up.
So it's just us here feeling the love.
But we also have the mic, microphone, making lots of noise to entertain us.
We apologize.
We know we have a really badly buzzing microphone.
We're doing what we can about it.
But we really don't know.
We're kind of out of options.
We've rearranged the whole room here.
And we think the subwoofer might be contributing to it.
I don't think this...
Mine does that.
I can turn off the subwoofer, and then we won't hear anything, but I think they still get the buzzing even with the subwoofers off.
But, I don't know.
So, life sucks, and you'll just have to bear with us tonight.
We'll do what we can.
But in the meantime, we're going to play some break songs.
And what songs are we going to hear this break?
These are songs that no one listens to.
These are songs that no one listens to, but you're going to now, so enjoy.
We'll be back.
Check one, check one, when I come down, I come down right to the sun.
Get right down, get right down to the gym.
Round and round.
I'm a friend of the best Who's in the juice?
L-O-V-E-N-S L-O-V-E-N-S
Hello?
Hello?
Is this thing on?
Testing.
Testing 1-2.
I'm looking in the index, but I don't see anything for how to run a radio show.
Hello?
I don't understand this.
Does this thing work?
This thing reads like stereo instructions.
Is this on?
What the hell?
Orange Lounge Radio.
Broke down Get Open Body Radio.
Yeah, hello!
Thank you for watching!
Thank you for watching!
All right, enough of that.
We were supposed to be back before that was over.
Apologies about that.
Is that irony or what?
That, you know, broke down ghetto-ass radio and then we can't even get our fucking volume.
We can't get it up.
We're impotent.
We actually, what's funny is that during the break I was trying to fix the buzzing problem we've got tonight and I went behind the computer and kind of unplugged the splitter because Loki said, hey, look at the splitter.
Maybe something's wrong with that.
And lo and behold, I went and I plugged it back in the wrong hole.
I stuck it in the wrong hole.
Okay, Rob, do you have whole priorities here?
Yeah, I have whole problems.
I think I'm dyslexic!
Anyway, in that break of Little Played Bomani songs, pretty controversial in the chatroom, because every time one of them would play something, we'd go, hey, I'd play that.
How many people really play Minimalian?
Thank you.
We had Chiang Ma with Love This Feelin' and then Minimalin from 4th Style, which was also the background music in 3rd Style, if I'm not mistaken.
Yes, I think so.
And then after that, the Sampling Masters with Tablets from 5th Style.
And then Usama Kubota with Presto, which is somewhat debatable because actually a lot of people play that song.
But what happened is I was actually looking for 5 Regrets and I couldn't find it.
So then I tried to find, I was going to put 1989 in, but a lot of people would have beat me up if I played 1989.
I actually kind of like it.
I should have played Entrance.
Yeah, that was the one I was trying to think of, I think.
Yay!
Every Kubota song could have been in Keyboard Mania.
Presto was.
Yes, Presto was.
Um, you are listening to Orange House Radio, and again, we apologize for having some buzzing issues tonight.
We don't know what's causing it.
We've dissected everything going on.
About the only way I think I'd be able to... The bee is angry for, you know, you defacing its song.
So, I don't know what we can do about it.
We'll just have to bear with it tonight.
Although it has been worse in the past.
The one episode we did, it was just unbearable almost, but we did it anyway.
And you guys stuck with us because you love us, and we love you.
You were funny last night, you were drunk You were drunk, drunk, drunk, drunk, drunk Giggling and then I fell asleep
Last night, Zero, the Orange Lounge intern, had a little get-together at his house, and we decided to do a little bit of drinking, because it was mostly older folks that were there, over 21, so we decided to bust out a little bit of liquor.
I had my one triple shot of that imported tequila.
I had about half a glass of Aftershock.
Not a shot, but half a glass.
I had half a glass of Aftershock.
I had whatever it was that Irene made me.
It was yummy.
Irene knew what I'd been needing for about the past year, and Irene made me a cocksucker.
Which is Irish cream mixed with butterscotch schnapps.
And again, she didn't make me a shot.
It's supposed to be a shot drink.
I was made a full glass.
That was yummy though.
Yeah, and I drank just about the whole thing except for a couple sips.
So needless to say, after half a glass of Aftershock and that, I was pretty fucked up.
So, I don't know, I was running around the house yelling things.
I don't know what I was doing when I was drunk.
I fell asleep.
And then I fell asleep too after my mouth.
It took like about 45 minutes and that was it.
Was that how long I was awake?
It wasn't long at all.
I'm like, the rub's drunk.
I'm like, already?
Shit, man.
I didn't even finish setting up the pads yet and you're already drunk.
Hey, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
That's not because you guys ran to the store.
Poor Ice Queen spent a bunch on liquor.
Which reminds me, he's not here and he's supposed to be.
I need to call him and see where he's at.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Do you want to talk about tournament while I call Matt?
There's nothing going on at all.
It's just dead.
It's been like this for like the last three months.
Nothing is happening.
Well, March Madness isn't for two weeks.
Yeah, I mean, we can talk about that next week because nothing's going to happen next week anyways.
One ringy dingy?
It's sad.
Nothing is happening.
Shit, it went out.
My phone sucks in here.
Mine got three bars.
You call Matt then.
No.
You can use my phone.
Okay.
Rob's gonna use my phone.
I'm gonna use the phone.
Here you go.
What else is new in your sim this week, Matt, that we were all playing on last night?
Uh, just more stuff I downloaded.
I mean, I've been trying to work on it, and...
I've got up through 5th Mix all ready to go.
It's ready for Monday.
I'll probably upload this Monday.
Up through 5th Mix.
Pretty much everything you see in Bomani style right now.
I'm trying to get Max and Max 2 done before tonight.
Have those up and maybe some of everything else.
Yeah, I ran into some problems with the DDR Extreme files because not just one person's making them, but actually a whole bunch of different people are making them, and they're all out of sync, or just awful, and so I have to, like, you know, fix those too, and that sucks, and I don't really want to, and I probably won't, but yeah, there'll be more stuff, and you know what, I don't have, like, no, I don't have a hidden page this week because I'm lazy, and I just didn't get around to it, and you know what, I don't care.
and uh, oh shit man, I mean, well, oh, let's go to make, let's make a hidden page one sim file or uh, I don't know, I'll release like 300 tomorrow.
Yeah, decisions.
So you can have the one or the 300.
One.
Fine, that's all I'm, you know what sim file I'm gonna upload then?
Let them move and that's it.
Yay.
Just to be the single sim file.
Now, I don't know, I've got more stuff.
All right.
Gosh, what else has been going on this week?
Loki and I are planning a move, and we decided on the apartment we want to go to.
So the show's going to be moving.
Yes, we have an orgasming fountain at the new complex.
Multiple orgasming.
Yeah, it's like a multiple orgasm fountain.
It flickers a little bit of water, then all of a sudden it's like, gush, gush, gush, and then back to a little bit.
I lost my job.
Fuck Sierra Pacific Mortgage, there are 11,000 Olsen Drive, Rancho Cordova, California, Suite 202 Go there with a grenade launcher, aimed at the office of the shipping department Why did you lose your job?
I don't know, they never told me, it's a temp assignment
I think because I was being paid more than the other temps because I'm cooler than they are.
So, like, we don't want to pay her.
She costs too much money and she's too damn good.
Anything else you want to say?
Well, I guess we can save the rest for the FUs of the week, which we'll do later.
Oh, no.
I'm going to say it right now.
What?
Fuck them, fuck them, fuck them, fuck them, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.
Anymore?
Alright.
Question for Loki, I guess.
What is this about Dancing Stage Megamix?
True?
I think that's a question for you.
Fuck?
Dancing Stage Megamix?
I've never heard of it.
The hell are you talking about?
Let's see.
I've never heard of what you're talking about here.
There's a link, I think.
I don't know.
I don't know what the hell they're talking about.
This is it.
Here we go.
Konami is in fact hard at work with a new dancing stage game, and this time it's for the PS2.
They have licensed new songs for it, and the date is set to a May release in Europe.
There are ten licensed songs in the mix.
Some of them are as follows.
Ms.
Dynamite, It Takes More, Elvis, A Little Less Conversation, Kylie Minogue, Love at First Sight,
The Sugar Babes, Freak Like Me, Christina Milian, When You Look At Me, The Cure, Love Cats.
That's crazy.
It'll also feature 20 original tracks created by the Konami development team.
It will also have the normal features like Arcade Mode, Practice Mode, and Workout Mode.
It'll also feature a tutorial mode for beginners.
Once again, I've been saying this before, you know, it really sucks that Euromix stuff gets better music than our fucking US mixes.
I mean, let's see, they started putting licensed tracks, you know, in our first one, but ever since the get-go for Dancing Stage, they've had licensed tracks that are exclusive to them, and I think that sucks ass.
But, yeah, the one day I'm not on the internet, there's stuff happening.
I hate that.
It's like I'm on the internet all the fucking time.
All day long on the fucking internet.
Waiting for something to happen.
Nothing ever happens.
Then I turn it off, boom, something happens.
I hate that.
Let's see, what else?
We're just leeching news right now from DDRmaniaX.net.
Oh yeah, DDR, big brother.
Giving a little credit where credit's due.
You have a suggestion, Jamie?
I have their address.
That's what I should do.
What?
Never mind.
I was thinking of ways of getting revenge against that woman.
Oh, Jamie's plotting revenge on her work.
The former work.
Also, DDR Mania X is reporting, and this is kind of neat, DDR was on Big Brother.
Oh, Dancing Stage.
I'm sorry, Dancing Stage was on Big Brother.
Not Big Brother in the U.S., but Big Brother, because Big Brother in the U.S.
only airs in the summer, but it was on Big Brother in Norway.
They had their very own dancing stage machine and they have this little picture here when they're all playing on the machine and one chick in the back says, fuck the machine, I'm going to play on the Nordic track.
That's what she's doing.
And then there's this bald guy looking on going, her?
What are they doing?
And then there's these two chicks kind of dancing and it's obvious that they're... You can always tell a beginner in DDR because they have their hands to their side and they do the total dance that they do in the beginner screen.
If you watch that guy in the beginner screen, they do the total dance.
They have their hands to the side and they step right, right.
Yeah, they're just totally... What do you mean because they're PA-ing?
People look like they're P.A.ing.
They've got their hands on their side and they're like stomping to the beat.
Okay, but even like people who P.A.
kind of like move their hands at least a little bit.
They don't look like freaking army sergeants standing there going, They don't do the river dance, in other words.
Yeah, they're river dancing, that's what they're doing.
People who've played DDR for like at least three days don't river dance anymore.
Who knows?
They have no emotion.
We're also hearing that DDR was on MTV.
I don't know if anybody saw this, but I guess it was Friday or Saturday night.
They had True Life, I'm a Gamer.
Something was on TV Friday or Saturday.
It was supposed to be this special all about hardcore gamers.
I didn't watch it because I knew it would suck, and then coming onto message boards today, guess what?
It sucked.
Shock?
MTV programming sucks?
Wow.
Shock of shocks.
Oh my god.
When did that happen?
Who knows?
And knowing MTV, don't worry if you didn't see it, they'll rerun it 50 times.
So just, you know, look in your TV guide.
The downfall of MTV began with the banishment of Martha Quinn.
Okay, whatever.
What the hell is that?
The loss of Kennedy, I concur.
They have one show that they show.
It's like these three sets of people.
It's what they do on one Saturday night.
It's like you're riding with teenagers as they do nothing.
That's because people run out of ideas.
It's like, don't live your own life right now, however pathetic it might be, but watch someone else live their pathetic life.
I don't give a shit about how other people live their lives.
And we're not talking about, like, road rules where they go and do really cool shit like, you know, skydiving and all that stuff.
We're talking about average teenagers.
You know what sucks about road rules, though?
It's old.
It's fucking old.
They do the same thing every year.
Same shit, new location.
There's some fag, there's some bitch, there's some black guy, and they all fight all the time.
That's what they do.
This show's getting old.
And then there's the one person who goes, okay.
Yeah, and then there's the virgin, the chick that's like, oh, I'm a Mormon, and I'm never going to do anything bad.
And then she gets fucked three ways from yesterday before the series is over.
I still want to be on the real world.
I want to be on the real world.
You should be on the real world.
See, I wouldn't start fights with anyone, but I'd just be totally strange.
I'd just be the weird guy.
The guy that sits in the corner like, dude, that guy's weird, man.
I don't know what it is, but it's weird.
Like, they come to talk to me, and you just, like, start screaming.
You know, weird shit like that.
Anybody that listens to this show knows that you'd be the crazy racist and homophobe.
I'm not the crazy racist homophobe guy.
Fuckin' A, man.
Hello, man, I'm gonna be living with you.
Shit, man.
That's why they have auditions for these shows.
See, if I were on any of these programs, I would be sitting in the back of my Game Boy.
We should do something, though.
We should do our own, like, reality show.
Orange Lounge Reality Radio.
This kind of is reality radio, because it's not like we talk about Mamadi ever.
No, I mean, like, we should, you know, get a video camera and go on, like, a weekend road trip or something and videotape it and post it on the internet.
This is what we do.
This is the thing is I tried to do that for Cyber Beat and it came out really, really bad.
Did you have a video camera?
I don't even think it ever aired.
No, I didn't have a video camera.
We could get a video camera and go.
I'll do that for Agent 3.
Yeah.
Girls Gone Wild E3 Edition.
Okay, I don't know if we should say anything, but there's a chance that we might have a hookup with E3.
But we don't know yet.
We don't know yet.
We definitely have the hookup with B3.
We don't know about E3.
Maybe.
And if this happens, if this happens, I'm going to put out for these tickets.
Seriously.
I'm so excited.
So we'll see.
DarkSakura.com
If that happens, we will do an E3 reality show, but we're still kind of hanging off to see if it's going to happen or not.
I mean, I don't know.
It sounds hopeful, but I'm kind of like, I don't know.
But we might have an end, and it's very exciting, so I'm moist with anticipation, as should all of you, because E3 rules.
Okay, why are you messing with my shoes?
You're like...
Anyway.
So yeah, DDR on Big Brother.
So I think you should try out for Big Brother.
I want to try out for Big Brother, because I think I'd be awesome on the show.
I'd fucking win Big Brother.
Big Brother is the one where they have no computers, no news, no TVs or nothing.
They're just in a house with cameras watching them 24 hours a day, and they just all have to coexist.
They don't let you bring books.
So... I'll bring a book somehow.
I'll write a book.
Sneak a book in your bra.
I'll write a book.
I draw the arrows on the ground.
What are you doing, man?
And what's funny about Big Brother, at least in the U.S.
anyway, Big Brother in the U.S., the first season, was shit.
It was absolute shit because it was totally not cast well at all.
Did they make them do anything?
Yeah, they have to do stupid little challenges every week.
But in the first season, some of their challenges was having to make paper mache.
It was shit.
But then the second season, it started to get a little better.
I didn't watch the second season because the first season was so bad, I wouldn't watch the second season.
But I heard that's what started getting better.
And then this last season was really good.
Last season was good.
Like, they finally got some... You're a bitch!
You made Pippi Longstocking out of my shoes!
Anyway, yeah, the last season of Big Brother was pretty good.
And I could totally see them doing something like this, where they bring in... Then that's what they do, is they just kind of drop a toy on them, like, and then in the next week, they would probably have to do, like, whoever's the best at DDR gets to win, gets to go out for dinner.
Oh man, I would love that.
It's like they do the same thing for that show and you're on the show.
Dude, and see, I would... They're playing it and they're like, okay, who's the best of all?
Start busting up.
Oh my god, just don't even try.
See, you know, I'd fake it.
Like for that whole week, I'd fake it that I really suck at DDR.
And then like the last day of it, I'd just go fucking nuts and win the dinner and everybody would hate me and I'd get voted out.
It just suddenly dawned on me as you're there, you know, PA-ing back.
Yeah, just like, it just clicked.
I don't know.
Oh my god, it's not like I don't play this.
Oh.
Yay, Jamie's going to fix my shoes.
I have some more really important Bomani news, or Bomani-related news.
It's not really directly Bomani news, but it's about a Bomani artist.
I have some really important Bomani news that we need to take care of.
And it's about a lady who was in Max 2.
And you probably know this song.
She's Ginger Spice, and she did a song called It's Rainin' Men.
You all know that song.
She's not a Spice girl, but she used to be.
But there was big revelations about Jerry Halliwell this week.
And this is the way the story goes.
Ex-Spice Girl Jerry admits she had a lesbian fling.
Uh-oh.
So former Spice Girl Jerry Halliwell says she has had a brief encounter with another woman but denies she's a lesbian.
So she's not joining Tattoo or anything.
Remember, try it but don't like it.
The singer, who has dated fellow pop star Robbie Williams, told Thursday's Sun tabloid that after the fling, she quickly realized that she was not gay.
I had a little lesbian thing, she said, adding the encounter with an unnamed woman had been part of experimenting.
She refused to pinpoint the date, but said it was somewhere between the ages of 16 and 30.
Yeah, it's somewhere between now and never.
It was just a drunken moment.
You wanna go home and have sex with me?
Sure!
Wanna touch my cooter?
And a man.
Hallowell, or Ginger Spice, as she was known during her time with the band, left the Spice Girls in 98 amid reports of bitter squabbling.
The 30-year-old singer is currently hosting the U.S.
television beauty and talent show All-American Girl.
Which, by the way, funny enough, All-American Girl was the name of Margaret Cho's show.
Much, much different program.
Also on ABC.
Can you believe they blatantly just took that name?
Especially after Margaret Cho's movie about the hell she went through on that show.
Well, you know what's funny?
They're having Howard Stern is actually, you know that show, Are You Hot?
Yes.
He's suing the producers of that show because it was his idea.
Because...
If you go to smokinggun.com, which is like my favorite website on the entire internet, you can read the court documents of Howard Stern filing the lawsuit with ABC.
Because apparently, he used to do this bit on his show, and it's been a long time since I've listened to Howard Stern in it.
I never even saw it.
I used to watch the E!
show and I used to listen to it in the morning, but I never saw this segment.
But I guess it's been on for a while.
It was the Examiners, what was it called?
The...
I don't know, but they would have... I think it was called the same thing, actually.
No, it wasn't called Are You Hot?
It had something else.
Still, I even thought that they were ripping that off of that website, Are You Hot or Not?
Yeah.
They sued him, too.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I don't know.
Well, they have Lorenzo Llamas as a judge.
Oh, him.
Never mind.
I'm getting Eric Estrada mixed up with Lorenzo Llamas.
I don't know how or why, but I did.
He's like, yeah, I don't like women with fake breasts.
Wait, hold on.
Let's flash back for a second here.
Didn't you just... Weren't you dating or, say, married to a Playboy model?
You know, just to fill you in.
Guess what?
They weren't real.
Fake breasts.
Breasts aren't supposed to be like solid plastic.
I mean, when she hits the wall, they're supposed to kind of like give a little bit, not like crush through them.
It's a surgical flotation device.
It's a bath toy.
In case of water landing, the bosom may be used as a flotation device.
So this begs the topic that we need to do a new segment here on Orange Lounge Radio.
I don't wanna see that shit unless you really are hot.
Only if you're really, really hot, and like people tell you that on a daily basis, then nude photos are okay.
But if you don't get told that every day, don't send it.
So you're just going to send it to OrangeLoungeRadio at Yahoo.com, and we'll let you know how you rank, okay?
And Howard Stern can sue us if he wants, but you know, you can't get blood out of a turnip.
So, send your photos, graphs of you playing DDR, and we'll let you know if you're hot or not.
And what we'll do... Huh?
See...
And remember that all pictures submitted become the property of Orange Lounge Radio.
We say that because we're going to put your pictures on our website.
Because this is radio, obviously, other people are going to need to see these somehow.
So we're going to put your pictures up on the site so that people can access them.
Brilliant, huh?
Yeah.
And Jamie says if you... No.
It reminds us of an old segment from Under Sedation Live, the kind of show that came before this.
Has anybody ever listened to Under Sedation Live?
You need to listen or we'll shoot you.
There was an old segment that also included pictures submitting.
Oh, excellent question.
EOSFEB asks, what if he whips his cock out at the end of the routine?
Good question.
You want to know what?
What?
No offense to any of our guys listening, but I think that as far as organs go, that the penis is the weirdest looking thing ever.
Why do you think that?
They just are ugly.
Just because they're just like there?
I don't want someone to whip out their cock on film.
I'm sorry.
Well, what if somebody whipped out their cock and in an amazing yaoi fetish film another guy started sucking it?
Would that be okay?
Okay.
Okay, much better.
So, you hypocrite!
Alright.
If you want... Okay, so send those pictures to OrangeLoungeRadio at Yahoo.com.
They have to be of you playing DDR.
And no nudes unless you're told that you're hot every single day.
And you have to have proof.
Somebody has to send us an affidavit.
I am not retarded.
I think that it's the strangest looking... I didn't say I didn't like cock.
It's just funny looking.
I can just see it now.
You know, that's really weird looking.
Oh yeah, thanks.
Whoa, that does it for me.
Oh come on, even Dan agrees with me.
It's like Carrot Top.
He's funny looking, but everybody loves Carrot Top.
No wait, nobody loves Carrot Top.
How about Yahoo Serious?
Yahoo Serious, funny looking.
But everybody loves Yahoo Serious.
We like him because he's Australian.
That's true.
He's funny.
He plays with the Tasmanian Devils.
Ah.
Funny Australian stuff.
What if you tell yourself you're hot every day?
So, moving along.
What else do we have to talk about?
Um, I don't know.
I'm just not happy today.
You're just not happy today?
What?
What's up, Loki?
Ah, there's microphones coming in from which way?
Well, actually, in two weeks, we're probably going to see the last, I think, of the DDR Extreme Unlocks.
I think.
I can't remember offhand.
I think there's 30, well, number-wise, as far as the Unlocks go, there's a total of 30 different Unlocks.
I mean even though like number 30 is like three different songs or three different whatever but there's only like 30 total and we're up to 24 right now so in two weeks we're gonna have the rest of the songs supposedly so which ought to make it very interesting because in two weeks from now is March Madness yes March Madness so I wonder if we're gonna see any like last minute routines to some of these new songs
March Madness will be broadcasting live, by the way, on Orange Lounge Radio.
For those of you not in NorCal or SoCal, driving up here or whatever, if you're too far away to come to the tournament in person, you can attend online and just visit our website, and we'll be doing a live broadcast all day long, both days.
So that does mean in two weeks, the normal live program here on Orange Lounge will be preempted by that coverage, so we won't be on live.
and chances are we're actually going to finish up over there probably around 7 o'clock so there won't be a show in two weeks.
But we'll be here next week, of course.
Yeah.
If anyone expects me to do a fuck-off afterwards, you can fuck off.
Because I'm going to be dead.
Had a tournament here last night, says NinjaOsakeKoi.
It was interesting.
Where was that tournament?
Was that the tournament in Albany, by chance?
Because I know there was a big one that was supposed to go on the East Coast yesterday, and I haven't heard anything about that.
I'm wondering how it went.
If somebody wants to tell me about how that went, certainly, I'll fill you all in on that.
Oh, this particular tournament was in Hickory, North Carolina.
Cool.
You know, if any of you folks out there on the East Coast, other places, Mid Coast, basically anywhere outside of California, you want to do some tournament coverage, you want to maybe take a tape recorder over and talk to some people there, talk to the winners, talk about the tournament, put together a little bit like 10 minutes long little package about the tournament, we'll air it here on Orange Lounge Radio.
We put a call out a while back on LiveJournal, but nobody sent us anything, so fuck them.
Let's see.
Suggestion.
We should do a March Madness tournament of DDR songs or something sort of like NCAA basketball brackets with voting to win.
That kind of reminds me of what GameFacts.com did a while back.
Oh, that was suggested by Brack2000, by the way.
That kind of reminds me, were any of you watching GameFacts.com a while back when they did that top video game character of all time?
GameFacts.com was back in April when they had Xbox.com.
XboxFacts.com.
Oh, the April Fool's joke?
I think right after that.
It was during the summer they did the top 64 characters of all time.
Know what I don't like?
Is this new show on TechTV.
It's like this Microsoft-only show.
It's like all Microsoft propaganda.
Stupid Nazis.
What is it about?
I've never seen this.
It's like extra tips for Microsoft products and Microsoft this and Microsoft that.
And it's all about Microsoft and how wonderful Microsoft is and how Microsoft, you know, heals the world and whatnot.
And it sucks ass.
Remember that parody they put out by the Micro Shaft Corporation, Wimblows?
Yeah.
They suck.
Okay, I think what we're going to do, we're going to go to a quick break, then we're going to come back and get to the FUs of the week.
And it'll definitely be short this week because there's only three of us here in studio.
There's lots of you.
Yeah, but there's lots of you, so you can go ahead and send those FUs over to Sky via private message in the channel.
Let's see.
We have another hot or not question.
I only have a video of me playing Legend of Max.
Is that acceptable?
Sure.
Sure, but please don't email that.
If you could put that on the web somewhere and give us a link and email us the link, that would be great.
Don't send us...
or there's programs out there that take screencaps of videos.
They'll cut a frame right out of it and you can use that too.
Yeah, so please don't email us video, but email us like a link to the video or take a screencap of it because we don't want any files over like 200k or something or else our email box will fill up too damn quick.
All right.
What do we want to hear this break?
What do you guys think?
Entrance.
Entrance.
Didn't we already... No, we didn't do Entrance.
Entrance is the one you said I should have played that we didn't do.
Okay.
Heaven is a Metallic 57 Grey?
I don't even know if I can find that one.
I'll see if I can find it.
All right.
Uh, Entrance, Entrance, Entrance.
I don't have Entrance.
What style was Entrance on?
Entrance first came out in 5th style.
Entrance first came out in 5th style.
I think someone else might have just showed up.
We had the door go.
Let's see who opens up the door in a little bit.
Kitsushite, thanks.
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because real radio makes Captain Jack cry.
Hi, you're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 37.
With the amazing... With the guest starring the amazing buzzing noise.
We apologize about that, but there's not shit we can do about it right now.
We apologize.
So we're all going to talk good and loud tonight, yes?
Yes, we will.
Alright, so...
During the break, the room blew up.
Like, we doubled in size during the break.
So let's say hello to all our tardy folks tonight.
That's okay.
Intern Zero made it.
What, he didn't call in for me?
No.
We don't have a phone to call into.
You know, I actually, according to my call log, I missed like four calls from Matt.
I haven't seen a Bjork video.
Oh, great.
Thanks.
Human Behavior, the one with the bear.
I saw the one where she's jumping around and just being stupid, though.
It's like she's just bouncing off her couch or something like that.
I don't remember a Bjork video with a couch in it.
I don't know.
We'll see.
Like I know.
Okay, so, also here we have DDRholic, say hello.
Hello, good evening everybody, and always fashionably late, here I am.
It's alright, we forgive you, because we know there was a lot of partying last night, there was a little bit of partying.
No, it was so cool, it was great.
How late did the party go, tell?
Because we left about 3.30.
It probably went until about 4, 4 o'clock.
Okay, cool.
Yeah.
I would have stayed back at work this morning.
Yeah, I got cold feet.
I got cold because his house has no heating at the time.
There is a little story to this.
The heater was on last night at like 100 degrees and so I went and turned it down and then I wake up this morning and somebody turned it all the way off.
It was comfortable and I turned it down to like 80 and then I wake up and it's just totally off because some stupid moron turned it off.
Probably one of the jerks in the back.
Yeah, because it doesn't help that the heater is in the back of the house and there's none in the front.
And you know when you're at a party, you know when you're at a real party when like all these people are showing up that you don't fucking know.
That was happening last night.
All these people were showing up and what's even weirder, they know you but you don't know them.
Oh, that's weird.
I took a nap, sorry.
Oh, no problem.
I think most everybody took a nap at some point.
I took like a three hour nap.
I like took over that love seat and didn't move for a while except like to wake up every so often.
And when I woke up I'd be fully awake and then I'd be silly tired again.
Well, like, okay, it was kind of retarded at the end because all the kids in the back were screaming and being dumb and coming over and taking the couch so none of the adults had places to sit.
Like, Shane slept on the damn couch after you left so nobody could sit there.
And then Loki had his spot and I had my couch and that was it.
And they were still yelling at 5 o'clock in the morning.
Those damn kids!
And then that was funny, that call the proceeds of the party from that stupid bitch.
This is like the best thing, which is actually pretty funny that Loki bitched it.
Okay, Matt and Loki are at my house, we're setting up Loki's pads for a sim, and this girl calls.
I won't say her name, but she knows who she is because I know she's listening right now.
She calls, and she's just trying to lay these guilt trips on me, and I'm like, I want to get off the phone right now.
And she's all, no, I don't want to let you.
Then she tells me about how some truck drove by her and threw porn at her or something.
Okay.
That's a bad thing?
I want someone to throw porn at me.
And then so I'm like, okay, and then she's like starting to get mad at me, so I just flat call her a bitch on the phone like four times, and they're over there laughing.
Language, now now.
I'm sorry.
Bitch!
Thank you.
Anyways, so they're over there laughing, and I'm trying not to laugh, and then she's, and I'm like, I just want to go, so you get annoyed with me.
I said, I want to go because I'm about to have a party, and I need to get ready for it.
She's like, you can hang up anytime.
And I said, oh, I can?
And I just hung the phone up.
That sounds worthy of me.
That's interesting because it's like really mean yet kind of humorous at the same time.
I don't know.
Also here, hiding in the corner, snacking on food, eating a lot and getting really fat.
Eating a lot, getting really fat, of course.
Well, I have some catching up to do with that.
Say hello to the ice queen, cold as always.
That's right.
Or I should say frigid as always.
Well, that too.
Of course, you know, it's odd though because I don't really seem to remember much about last night except getting home at like 5 o'clock in the morning.
Go figure that.
He picked up a prostitute on the way home.
I was very interested in driving while I was asleep.
So, we're going to catch you guys up on what you missed so far.
There's not a whole lot of Imani news this week, so we don't have a lot to talk about, surprise, surprise.
However, it did come out in the news that Jerry Halliwell, who did It's Rainin' Men from 7th Max 2, admitted she had a lesbian fling.
and the ever important Dancing Sage Megamix coming out for the PS2.
Get this.
The Cure.
The Cure is going to be it and they're going to have a little less conversation in that remix of the Elvis song.
That's alright because you know what everyone's going to do.
They're just going to rip the songs and make sim files for it.
And you won't buy it.
Well, and you won't buy it if you're in the US.
Because, you know, importing those is a little harder because they're in PAL and, you know, it doesn't work too well and you have to have a modded PS2.
Because I know everyone out there is just going to rush to get a European PS2.
Not me, I'm lazy.
Oh, fuck that.
No, I'll import Japanese games, but European stuff could... Yeah.
Whatever.
I'll wait for someone to rip it.
Yeah.
Alright.
Joe, by the way, we have to offer a word to our sponsors.
Sure.
This episode of Orange Jones Radio is brought to you by Propel.
by Pizzeria Pretzel Combos and the El Cerroso Guata Chip, guacamole chips.
They're tortilla chips with guacamole already in them.
They're chips that are the color of boogers.
For those of you... What did you say, Loki?
Loki made a funny... It's the guacamole belt chip.
Ha ha ha.
For those of you too lazy to dip your chips, that's amazing.
Only in America.
We will play Gamma London a couple in a little while.
Alright.
Let's do the FUs of the week.
You guys ready?
Alright, we got a whole bunch.
Chatroom sent me a whole bunch.
So, plenty of things to rant about tonight.
Let's get it started.
This is fucked up.
My first fuck you of the week is for what I mentioned earlier.
It's what's here at Pacifica Mortgage.
And in particular, Shanda, who was the supervisor.
Her name is Shanda Ramsey-Wallace, and I don't care.
I'm not a professional.
She can go burn in hell.
Because I had been asking for feedback.
How am I doing?
What do you need me to do differently?
What can I do to improve what I'm doing?
She's like, oh no, you're doing fine.
No, no, no, no, no.
Just like that, by the way.
and then I get a call at 9 a.m.
today saying that I lost my assignment with my job.
Now I'm going through 10 pages because of, you know.
And the other thing about this, I need to go to the doctor really bad and I've needed to go for practically a year now.
And I was really, you know, counting on being made permanent this week so that I could go to the doctor and get all that crap taken care of.
But no.
So...
You know, I have to say this, is that what I'm going to do when I finally find out what's wrong is I'm going to send her my medical reports and I'm going to say, look, bitch, you can pay for half of this.
I should probably sue her for, you know, for damages.
And, you know, with our current court system, I'd probably win.
But, I'm not that petty.
But, no.
I like how you add that in there.
But, P.S., I'm not that petty.
No, I'm not petty and fake like she is.
But anyway, her office is toward the front on the opposite side where the UC Davis Medical Center is at 11,000 Olsen Drive in Rancho Cordova.
It's upstairs on the right side of the building.
And her office is the window office.
She can go in there and set it on fire.
Although I am technically making a bunch of those very botsy, like the vomit flavor and dirt and sardine on her desk.
I am going at 5 in the morning to pick up my stuff.
Before she's there, so that I don't have to see her ugly, lying face.
But guess what?
They said the Tempexie apparently likes me so much they're giving me another 7 instantly.
Yay.
They're doing Shikibai.
Next.
Moving on, uh, Loki, what do you have to say?
Uh...
See, the usual.
FU to stupid drivers.
I had some dumb bitch in front of me today.
Actually, I don't know who it was, but it was some dumb bitch driving a 30 and a 45.
And there was no red lights or anything.
It's not like you're slowing down or anything.
You're just slowing down for the hell of it.
So I got pissed and drove by them and flipped them off.
and yelled at them and stuff, even though they couldn't hear me, but it felt good.
Um, FB the stupid, FB the stupid teenagers that were, uh, at Scandia last night?
Um, okay, let's see.
Number one, you're a nerd.
Okay, yeah, that's acceptable, okay?
Number two, you're not goth.
Don't try to be... I don't know what the hell they think, but what's the step of coolness?
Okay, let's see here, I'm at the bottom rung, so the next thing I gotta be is goth.
Oh wait, um, you know, the whole goth trend, you know, that was so ten years ago.
And now you're just annoying, and you look stupid.
And then the guy with the wannabe mohawk.
I'm gonna spike up my hair in the middle, and it's gonna look like shit, and then I'm gonna be all cool.
Because I... yeah.
So there's all these kids that are like, wanna be punk, which is sad, because it doesn't take much to be punk, but they're not quite there yet.
and then they're playing DDR.
And you'd think, okay, these wannabe punk guys, maybe they listen to rock, maybe they're, you know, trying to get through the whole punk scene and that kind of thing.
They start playing Nori, Nori, Nori, and fucking, like, you know, shit like that.
And it makes no sense.
I'm just, you're annoying, and you're in my way.
So then I had my turn coming up on the machine, because we had a coin line, it was all fucked up.
So I had my turn, this dumb, this dumb, dumbass kid comes up to me, he's like, you know, what was my turn?
I'm like, fuck you, man, I was waiting for people.
I, you know, I counted it and everything.
Well, I don't know if I've been on here, waiting here for two minutes or fifteen minutes.
I'm like, well, it was my fucking turn.
Get out of here.
So, it's annoying.
So, basically, just stupid people at Scandia, because they suck.
F you to...
F you, this stupid bastard that was there also last night that wanted to do some improv tourney.
He's like, dude, let's have a tourney, man, for people.
Yeah!
I know that kid, and he used to try to hang out with me because he thought I was so cool because I played DDR, and I was teaching him little stuff, and now he thinks he's like some DDR god who's always trying to get tournament going everywhere he goes, even if he's by himself.
He'll ask random people to tourney with him.
You're a dumbass, sir.
You're just like that stupid cowboy skater guy who didn't know what a syringe was.
You're lower than him, okay?
Sad, pathetic person, you.
Let's see what else we've got on the list here.
I know there's a bunch of shit.
F you to the police, because I don't know why it takes about eight people to...
Thank you for giving out my address on air, I appreciate that.
Just kidding.
I'm kidding, God.
I took a street.
What the hell, man?
Fucking A, dude, that's stupid.
Yeah, so they're just... I don't understand, they're like complaining, we don't have enough money to, you know, support our police force and it's understaffed and...
What the fuck?
You have like eight people traveling around here, you know, pulling over speeders in a traffic area.
You're not going to speed if there's cars in front of you, you dumbasses.
Why don't you do something important like stop robberies or drive by punchings or something like that?
You know, something like, do something.
Okay, um, FD to my website for the FTP being slow and, uh, yeah.
That's hostones.com so they can go fuck themselves and, uh,
I don't know, that's all I have right now because my memory's kind of going at the moment.
I can't think of anything, so I'm sure it'll come.
Next.
Alright, my turn.
My FUs of the week are pretty short.
My first FU of the week goes to Loki Sim.
Because last night at the party, I didn't get to play it at all.
Because I was too drunk.
Why is it my Sim's fault?
I really wanted to play it too, and I didn't get to.
Well, then F everybody else who played, because I didn't get to play.
Oh, oh, oh, wait, thank you for reminding me.
And I even remember saying in a drunken stupor, I want to play!
I have one more, I just remembered.
Uh-oh.
F you the Cypher gamepads, because they suck ass.
Okay, what the hell's the point of putting freaking... They've got, I don't even know what kind of gauge of sheet metal they have underneath it, but there's no fucking way it's going to hold any sort of weight whatsoever.
I took the feet off the bottom of these things so they wouldn't bend, and they still fucking bend.
They're
and the wires started coming out of the fucking arrows.
It's like, shit man, I thought my pads were built really shitty.
I mean, I look at my pads and I'm like, oh my god, man, I just totally fucked those up.
But now these are just really fucked up, so... Yeah, don't buy Cypher game pads if you're gonna buy them online.
Buy anyone else's.
It's just not theirs.
All right.
A quick question in the chat room.
Wonder what someone would like trying to play DDR when they're really, really drunk.
Last time I was in Vegas, I did that at Circus Circus.
I got really fucked up at the Star Trek experience.
I did that too.
I played Afronova Trick on the machine that's right in the middle of like the little kid area.
That's like, you know, above the casino.
They kind of have like the little kid area where all the kiddies can play arcade games.
I played Afronova Trick up there and went promptly back up to the hotel room and threw up in the tub.
You know, I realized when I was in Reno and I was at the Atlantis and I played their Max 2 machine.
I play better when I'm drunk than when I'm not drunk.
I was, uh, I was, it was the DDR Freak Moderator's trip.
Me, an iguana girl, and Islander.
All three of us and two of my friends were there who lived in Las Vegas.
At this Star Trek experience, between the three of us, we had three warp core breaches.
And, no, two and a half.
Two and a half.
And we went on the ride.
And then we took a cab over to Circus Circus and played on the USA machine that was up there.
With the broken arrows on the right side.
And I was trying to do Love to Me.
And then, like, we called, um, Understood Nation Live.
The voicemail, because we were drunk.
And, um, one more F for you, just remember it again.
Fuck you to the stupid DDR Extreme Roulette.
Seven times yesterday, I got one away from The Legend of Max, and it wouldn't fucking give it to me!
I've got the timing down perfect, yet you won't give it to me!
Why even fucking have it in the roulette if you're not gonna give it to me?!
You stupid assholes, I can't wait two weeks to play the damn song, I wanna play it now!
I wouldn't play Roulette so you know I could get Cutie Chaser five times for freaking White Lovers or whatever the fuck that stupid song is.
It sucks ass.
It shouldn't be in there.
Tell us what you really think, Loki.
Oh yeah, Cutie Chaser Morning Mix.
Why did they take anything from OHA, you know, DDR?
It's just dumb.
Did you say Omaha DDR?
OHA, you dumbass!
Not Omaha.
I swear to God, I thought you said Omaha.
I'm like, hey, we got friends there.
Yeah, do you know of a DDR Omaha mix?
Do you know of one?
That's what I thought you said, and I'm like, in my mind, I'm like, God, Loki's a retard.
There's no Omaha mix.
Rob's still drunk in his head.
Rob's still drunk.
I'm taking over.
No, Rob's too drunk to be a host.
No, I'm not doing my FUs yet, lady.
I forgot to finish that story.
When you play DDR drunk, it's like, every time you jump, I remember, because Africa of a Trick has that part where you go, da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-hey, and you jump really high, you know, that's the cool newbie thing to do.
So I was doing that.
And, like, I just remember, like, you jump up, and it's like, I'm flying, and then you come down like a rock.
That's how it's different when you're drunk.
That's all I remember.
When I do this, I always spin on them, and I get really dizzy.
I played drunk on your old pads.
I thought that was funny.
I'd also like to give an F you to lack of sex.
Thank you.
My boy played drunk on my pads, and he fell over, and that was funny.
Alright, let's get to the rest of the room, shall we?
Who's first?
Who else is first?
You're first.
Go.
Okay, um, a couple FUs.
One of them is to these guaca chips because they taste like guaca shit.
I don't care if anybody else likes them.
I think they taste like crap.
Combos are fucking good.
Eat one.
Okay, eat like eight, okay?
No, anyways, um, another FQ I have is, of course, to the little punk, wannabe punk brigade over at Scandia.
They're stupid and annoying, they don't know what the hell a coin system is, and they think they're really cool because they can pass, like, exotic ethnic on light.
Are you trying to get Legend of Max on roulette?
No, not at all.
And yeah, especially that little mohawk kid comes up to me four fucking times after I tell him every new time.
So how does a token line work?
Like, just put your damn token up there.
Four times, I just walked off.
I didn't even say anything.
Whose tokens are those?
Because I want to take them.
I just said there were some guys, so they didn't take it.
Another FU I have is to, we'll call them drunk kids.
Last night at the party, some kids were trying to get drunk, and it was really stupid, and I'm going to kill them whenever I find them.
And another one is to those, yeah, to those fucking pads, because they should be, like, registered as lethal weapons.
I moved the fucking pad twice, and I got cut four times because the sheet metal is so sharp on the side.
It's like, I was sitting there on the pad, and all of a sudden I just noticed I was bleeding on my hand for no reason.
Not to mention that, but the fact that the pads are bent in half, that the one side doesn't really work too well.
And this is, it got bent in half just from one game of playing on them.
And then, that and the fact that the wires are coming out, and yeah, that's that.
One last one is to Bel Air for having fucking two things left of the Smirnoff Triple Black and one of them is missing a fucking bottle and so we can only get one and have to resort to like substituting.
That was the worst thing ever and that's all because I don't want to talk no more.
Next.
Okay, it's my turn.
First, hi, DarkSakura, thanks for saying hello.
Hi, Irene, how are you?
Are you out there?
Not angsty enough.
Okay, my plushies aren't that great, but here we go.
Well, yeah, okay, we'll start with that.
Fuck you to laundromats, because going to laundromats is not fun.
Today was my first experience in years to go to a laundromat, and it wasn't too bad.
I was in a hurry, though, so it just kind of sucks having to share your laundry with the whole world.
So anyway, back to other things.
Fuck you to my computer.
It's not working properly.
I can't get it to work hardly at all.
Oh, yeah, okay, thanks to me, I did my good deed for the week, I gave 0x my extra 32 megabytes of RAM for his computer, which only had 32 megabytes of RAM, so I gave him an extra one, and now it has 64 megabytes of RAM, and now it works nicely, so that's my good deed for the week.
I know, it was like, yeah, it was extra.
What's that?
You have 512 megabytes of RAM.
I have 512 in my old computer.
My current one is like 80-something DDR RAM now.
Whoa, that's nice.
It's not a game.
Yeah.
Well, yeah, right now my computer is not functioning, and I think there's a virus on it, and I can't tell, because I can't get online yet, but I don't know how to figure it out.
Your computer has never had a virus scanner?
Yeah, I think I got something stupid on there, but I'll have to figure it out.
Anyway, and fuck you to the Kmart on Stockton Avenue, because they have... Stockton Boulevard, excuse me.
There are people that work there that really suck.
They can't do anything, and they never have enough people at the cash register.
Yes, I know, it's a Kmart.
It's going downhill fast.
And fuck you to guys, and I won't say why, I just hate guys, and guys suck.
Sorry to all you guys out there who are decent guys.
But guys who really suck, fuck you.
And yeah, fuck you to lack of sex.
Guys who suck, here's my number.
And I'm done.
What's your name?
Ice Queen.
I have to agree with Rob's fuck you to lack of sex.
It's been so long, I don't even remember what a penis looks like.
Except my own.
Oh, great, that's lovely, thank you.
Also, I have to back up Jamie's fuck you to her boss, because bosses everywhere suck, and they should all be freaking tarred and feathered and thrown out into the street naked.
Well, with the exception of Loki's boss, because I guess Loki's boss rocks.
But other than that, fuck not having a computer and fuck not having... Well, actually, fuck having a job, period.
And having to have a job to make money.
And that's about it this week.
You say fuck having a job.
Can I say fuck not having a job?
I should rephrase that.
Fuck having to have a job to have money.
Can I say fuck having your job?
Well, that too.
That works.
People need to pay me because I'm cool.
Pay me for the privilege of being in my presence.
I'm just going to become a porn star.
You know why?
Because you're getting paid to have sex.
That's two of my big problems right there.
I don't want to go by the point and see Robin.
Well, you'd see my dick on the cover, so you know you'd be all, I better stay away from this, Rob's naked on the cover.
What if you're one of the extras?
I am much better than a fluff boy.
Everyone has to start somewhere.
Whatever.
Even Ron Jeremy makes cameos now.
Is there anything else?
Ninja Usagi Koei
Our first F.U.
goes to rocks in the woods that aren't fat people friendly.
The second will go to Namco for no free play.
They suck.
The third will go to all politicians for being so fucking stupid and sending us to war and just ignoring other possibilities because they're so fucking power hungry.
Arigato, Hanemate.
F.U.
to Freedom Fries!
Okay.
Moving on.
Satome Ranma says... Oh, I got the link to the video.
We'll do that next week.
You gonna draw on that?
Fine.
Says, alright, my FU of the week goes to 2DX for being so far away from me, to 2DX for being so hard, and to 2DX for having so many vague songs on it.
I remember what that used to be like.
Vague.
That's an interesting way of phrasing it, vague.
Okay.
Mulheimer.
Mulheimer says, fuck people being dumbasses and talking about everyone behind their backs and being dumb like that.
You must be in high school.
Fuck gay lifeguarding classes that took up my Friday night and Saturday and Sunday afternoons.
Wait, where can I sign up to be a gay lifeguard?
That's awesome.
Fuck Sundays and fuck having to decide my courses for next year already.
I don't know, that's kind of crazy.
Because Church is boring.
Doo-dee-doo-dee-doo, no one can hear you, except for me.
Alright, moving on, sorry.
Justin Circuit says, my FU goes to people who get in Jamie's way when she drives.
Jamie is my hero.
Okay.
Japanman says, Fuck my family for not supporting my DDR efforts.
Fuck DDR for not having Cool7 on Extreme.
Fuck Texas for Daikinkai being the number one song everywhere, so when I play it for my first time, I get bashed because all the dudes are tired of it.
Fuck the DDR dudes in my city, too.
Ooh, and play Skagogo on one of your breaks, please.
We'll see.
We'll see.
F you to the DMV for failing me.
Oh, I'm sorry.
This is from Skyline DC 505.
Fuck you to the DMV for failing me during the drive test for a dangerous maneuver.
Stupid, stupid bitches.
And fuck you to Little Kids of Scandia.
I would like to request more information on what that dangerous maneuver was.
So send that over, please.
Dr. Tuya says, continued FU to being single, I need a date, dammit, and fuck banging my foot on the vacuum, it freaking hurts and fuck the United States Postal Service, Angel Snail Mail didn't arrive yesterday I haven't gotten any either
I thought it was hilarious, I was laughing my ass off during that video.
Well you're a sick fuck.
If you ever want to see good comedy, watch any of the Red Asphalts.
It's, like, better than Spike and Mike.
They're all, oh my god, it's so horrible!
And they just show a dead person on, like, leading on a steering wheel.
True.
Fuck you to the little kids who told the people at my table to shut up.
The only person that can tell me to shut up is the fucking teacher, not some stuck-up, cousin-humping piece of shit that lives in Natomas.
Fuck them.
Also, fuck you to that stupid shitwad that thinks judo is kicking someone in the nuts as hard as you can and then throwing their limp body over you.
That's not judo, that's fucking mental retardation.
Dude, that's ghetto judo, man.
My balls still fucking hurt, so fuck you, buddy.
and fuck you to the fucking asshole bassoon player that left me all alone in my orchestra.
I have to play all of my parts alone and I can't play contrabassoon because we won't have a regular bassoon if I did.
Hey, if your band has a contrabassoon clarinet, I'll play it.
I'll volunteer.
Fuck him right in his little bitch ass ear.
I fucking hate his worthless ass.
Fucking shack of shit, fuck it, fuck it all, fuck.
Bloody fucking hell, fuck it all.
Beautiful.
23rd Magus says, fuck you to being broke, probably can't enter March Madness, I cry, fuck you to Angel being in Japan and not here in SAC, I cry again, fuck you to my parents not getting me and having their heads stuck up their asses, I cries more Rice, RYC3 says, fuck you bad mic with buzzing, I agree, fuck you slow week, move faster, fuckity fuck fuck fuck, that is all
BlackLab says, more FUs.
I don't even, did I even get the first ones?
I don't remember reading BlackLab FUs.
Well, he says number six, I don't remember seeing one through five, but whatever.
Uh, fuck the shitty internet connection in the dorms, and uh, fuck Chipotle burritos, they're too damn good, I had them four times this week.
Fuck this whole Chipotle trend, okay.
I like the Chipotle burritos, but you know what?
They make me sick every time I eat them.
Isn't it pronounced Chipotle?
Chipotle or something like that?
Okay.
Anybody seen that one Jack in the Box commercial?
Great.
DDR Mike would like to say, fuck you to Concord.
Ooh, Concord.
Skyline says that his dangerous maneuver was that he messed up in a left turn.
Yeah, what did you do?
You turned right in a left turn or something?
Or did you try to turn left from the right turn lane?
What kind of humorous stuff is that?
When you turn left and you're with a driving instructor, you're not supposed to power slide.
Yeah, I would just like to remind everybody out there that real life driving is not like initial D. You don't want to drift.
You know what?
Everything that I learned... It was funny, the whole time I was taking JB home, I'm like, okay, what I just did, don't do that.
That turn that I made in the middle of the road, you don't want to do that.
That's illegal.
Jonas sent us some lovely FUs over email.
Explicits.
You might know him by, he's been on the show before.
He says, fuck you to my...
Our best thoughts for him at this moment right now.
Yes, definitely.
But he would like to help console himself through that by doing a little bit of venting.
He says, F you to my Calc teacher.
And he draws the little ASCII middle finger.
She does not understand what I was going through and told me there's no chance I have to pass the class, so I decided to withdraw.
I can't believe this.
It's just sick to fail a person whose dad just passed away and missed a midterm.
So fuck her for that.
And another F you to the asshole who was pissing me off so badly at a situation like this.
Like I told him I wasn't in the mood to get pissed off, but he intended to do so anyway.
That's just disgraceful.
As much as I want to rip his skull so bad, the teacher was there, and I don't want to get in trouble from the cops.
Oh yeah, F you to the cops because they won't let me rip this asshole apart.
Saying I'd be arrested.
He'll be gone for a little while, but not retired.
You know the whole deal with the midterm, I'm assuming that's college courses?
You can take that up with the dean of that particular college and they should take care of it.
Alright, some good advice from Jamie, because Jamie knows how to kick ass and take names.
Black Lab, we got the other FUs.
He says, fuck my upcoming finals, they suck.
Fuck legal battles.
My girlfriend's plans to visit me during her spring break are currently fucked over because her aunt is in legal trouble with her business.
Fuck the engineering two building computer labs for closing at 10pm on Friday nights.
I had a project due at midnight that I couldn't finish because they closed early.
Fuck flat bike tires.
I got one on Friday night and on my way home from working on my project, thus forcing me to walk a good distance in the rain and dark.
Fuck power outages.
One happened Friday night and it screwed up my computer and iPod settings.
Oh, and Skyline says he didn't see the oncoming traffic when he made the left turn.
That's awesome.
Justin Circuit wants to add F you to Comcast for still not fixing my email.
If this next request doesn't fix it, ah.
I told you what you need to do with them.
You just let me call them, okay?
I'll get your email back.
Let me call them.
And last but certainly not least, we have MinikinigoJazz for saying, Fuck you to teachers who complain about noise in the hallways.
If you want quiet, close your fucking door.
Yeah, if you don't like noise, you probably shouldn't be teaching because it's too loud.
Well, that remark about teachers not teaching, if they didn't teach, they wouldn't be able to do anything because you figure they're teachers because they can't make it doing what it is that they teach.
One of my high school teachers...
and so on.
And see, everyone really didn't care for her just because she was so nuts already.
But she left the classroom to go take care of something.
And when she got back, all the students had turned their desks around backwards.
And if I remember correctly, they even moved her desk to the opposite side.
When she came in, she had a breakdown.
And apparently went on hiatus.
No, it's funny.
I've never really had any teaching experience, even though I think that'd be fun.
But I used to do marshaling for Cusar, which is obviously pretty much no work at all, but you have to do a little brief, which is kind of funny.
And I did one for this one girl who's losing her voice.
This is after I quit working there.
But my favorite way I entered the brief because no one was really, everyone was talking, it was, um, SHUT THE FUCK UP!
And then everyone was like, huh?
What?
And then I did my brief, yelling at them.
It was cool because I couldn't get fired because I never worked there.
The best teacher thing I ever did was when I was in 8th grade.
We had this one teacher, you knew she was like a big druggy.
You could only tell because she would eat sunflower seeds in class and then just fall asleep.
One time we made a big ol' packaging tape and made a big ball out of it and threw it at the chalkboard right behind her head.
She jumped like 10 feet.
And my friend and I personally made it our mission to get her out of the class and we drove her to rehab.
We drove her nuts and we found her drunk buddy one day in class and that was all the evidence we needed.
I bet you make your mother proud.
Hey, my mom was there saying it's about time you did something good.
I'm one of those chips over there that are on the floor.
Anyone else have any, like, mess with the teacher stories they want to share?
Blink blink.
I just remember when my teacher would take away, like, something I was drawing on in class, and then I went up to his desk and took it right and then left the classroom.
I was like, you stole from me, this is my property.
Well, um, I, this isn't messing with the teacher, but this is messing with another student.
Uh, this one, I don't know what, what, you know, uh, prompted me to do this, but some girl in fourth grade that I used to talk to, uh, I would only talk, only her, no one else, I'd talk to her with a fake Spanish accent, and then at the very last day of the year, I'd talk normal, and she's like, what happened to your voice?
What are you talking about?
It was hilarious.
That's so stupid.
Loki, tell us about your MC Hammer pants.
Oh, yeah.
You were telling me about this yesterday.
Back in, like, 6th grade when I was, like... It wasn't even... I think it was 6th grade.
I don't remember.
Anyways, it was, like, after they had built this one in school.
I remember I used to wear these stupid things.
They're, like, these bright...
Neon, like, god-awful, I don't even know what was on them, just, like, these pants things.
They were almost like empty hammer pants, but his were, like, kind of, like, silk, so they weren't, like, silk or anything, but I used to wear those all the time and think they were, like, the coolest thing, and I used to be awesome at German dodgeball.
I was just like, yeah, look at me in my pants!
So...
I remember in 11th grade, I took advanced English.
And I would sleep all day in my classes and my teacher wouldn't care because I would always pass my tests and I never read the book.
I just happened to retain everything that she said in class while I was asleep.
Proof that those subliminal learning tapes might actually have worked.
Of course, I could learn in my sleep.
And again, high school is a joke.
In Spanish class, when we'd watch a movie, we'd steal the test for the next two or three months, and we stole midterm and sold it at the beginning of the year.
In chemistry class, I took the later afternoon chemistry class, and we would go whenever we had substitute teachers and were left busy work to do, you know, just those forms to fill out, we would go into the assignment box, because we would have to, we had this little stack of inboxes that we would put in our papers.
We would take the early morning classes papers, and take the person who we know always got the answer right, and copy off the answers on there, turn them back in, spend the rest of the day playing Game Boy in class.
I kid you not, I've done it.
The only thing I can remember from high school that was funny was one time, this is a very short story, I was in class, I was in ROTC in high school, and my best friend Becky, she gave me, she was like, come here Anita, come here, come here, let me show you something.
She had a Playgirl magazine.
www.DarkSakura.com
and here I am with a Playgirl magazine in ROTC class.
Well, luckily, our teacher... What grade was this again?
This was like, I was a sophomore in high school.
I'm gonna tell him, I'm gonna tell him, I'm gonna tell him!
Dude, that bitch should have fucking gotten slapped aside and...
I'm going to tell because I'm a teacher's pet and I want to be a teacher's best friend.
And if she would ask me, I would sleep with her.
I don't know if it was quite like that, but she was just acting up.
If she bent over to kiss my ass, I would be so there.
Well, anyway, what happened was nothing.
I didn't get caught.
The teacher came close to check what was going on, but he looked, and I think he realized what was going on, and he was like, I don't want to go there, and he just walked away.
He walked up to the girl who was gone.
I used to read comic books on geometry.
Comic books and geometry?
Oh my gosh, I have a story about geometry class.
My geometry teacher, and I have a picture of him actually with me, not here with me.
Actually, yes, they're in the car.
I can't find them.
My teacher looked like a treasure troll with no hair.
What color was the hair?
Oh, no hair.
Well, he had, you know, he was bald on top.
Well, how do you look like a treasure troll?
He had the face of a treasure troll.
Same shape.
And the other classes called him Jolly.
Jolly?
No, his name was Mr. Jolly.
The other classes either called him Jolly or they called him Elmer.
Whoa.
Like Elmer Fudd.
That was when they're one butt ugly man.
Yeah.
But I would just read comic books because I didn't care.
Oh.
And then there was the one time in class where to confuse him.
I asked him, can you truly square infinity?
Because any number, the only numbers that you can multiply, you've said this yourself, it's a proven mathematical fact, that the only numbers that you can square and have them equal themselves are 1 and 0.
Right?
Right.
Well, you can't square infinity because if the only two things that can equal themselves are zero and one, infinity squared cannot equal infinity.
That just disproves that, though, because infinity... Infinity's not even a number, though, so I guess that doesn't disprove infinity.
It's not a number.
It's an idea.
Exactly.
But I was using it in mathematical terms, and he was like, oh, of course you can.
You can square anything that has any type of...
So basically I've managed to disprove him during the middle of his class and make him look like a big idiot.
I feel like I'm in school right now.
Can we stop?
Okay, we can stop.
I was a little brat.
Okay, no more school.
We're going to take a quick break, then we're going to come back, and I think we want to do our list list when we come back from the break?
Sure.
Okay, tonight's list list.
So, who wants to participate tonight?
Okay, oh, everybody?
Six?
We could do it.
Okay, but this is the interesting thing.
Okay, the list tonight.
Top three things that Konami needs to apologize for.
Okay, so think about that during the break, and we'll be back.
Alright.
Thank you for watching!
It's a long way to go, honey.
I know.
But I'm afraid.
How are we going?
Into the dark, black forest.
Into the Dark Black Forest.
Easier to dance to than that freaking catch-up song.
Orange Lounge Radio.
Hi, we're back and we've got our list list.
Alright, tonight's topic is top three things that Konami needs to apologize for.
Yes.
Okay, but is everybody done?
Everybody did finish?
Okay, great.
I would find another reason.
There are a few things they could fix.
It was not for Parapara Paradise.
Alright, go for it, Jamie.
You wanted to start... Oh, let me... I'm sorry, I have to bring up the list.
My Word document where I can actually make lists here.
And notice how I've never erased that erotic one.
That was the greatest one we ever did.
Alright, Jamie, your number three pick.
They have not done any more Super Konami World games.
Super Konami World... They had done two of them on the Nintendo...
and you could play as boy or girl and go to the Castlevania universe and then go to the Gradius universe and then it's like a bunch of Konami games in one and it was neat.
And they haven't done any since.
We need more Super Konami World.
No new Super Konami World games.
Jamie's number three pick.
Loki.
They should apologize for...
They should apologize for DDRPC.
And why is that?
The game sucks ass.
The game sucks ass.
Alright.
Zero, what should Konami apologize for?
One I just put basically was shitty steps for hella good songs on Xtreme.
Like, sync steps suck.
Frozen Ray sucks.
V sucks.
I mean, the list could just go on.
Colors sucks.
I mean, do I even need to say more about that?
Alright, shitty steps for good songs on Xtreme.
Anita, your number three pick.
My number three, I think they should apologize.
Mine are weak, but here we go.
For not making DDRUSA better.
Yeah, well, I'm actually talking about the arcade game.
Oh, okay, so the arcade, I'll specify that, not making DDR USA arcade better.
Yeah.
They should have had, I think it sucked that they didn't have any Korean songs on there, because that was what made, yeah, well, I know.
That made, like, the first, second, and third mixes the best, though, I thought.
Ice Queen Ah, for discontinuing keyboard mania.
Sorry, I'm typing.
When there's dead air, it's up to the person who said something to elaborate on what they said.
All right.
Because I don't get the list in advance.
My turn.
The number three thing they should apologize for.
You know, I actually had DDRPC on my list.
So I'm going to say the number three thing that Konami should apologize for.
And I apologize in advance to some folks in our chat room because they're really going to hate me for saying this.
But they need to apologize for the whistle song.
Yes, that song fucking sucks.
And I know there's fans of it in the chat room, but you need to understand, I had no problem with the song until other people ruined it for me.
By just, by like chanting along to it and all that stuff.
It's now ruined, and now it needs to be apologized for, so, alright.
That song just sucks anyway.
Um, my number two pick is they should apologize for the bad voice acting in Castlevania Symphony of the Night.
That game had atrocious voice acting in comparison to the Japanese version.
It was not by my hand that I was once again given flesh.
Die, monster!
You don't belong in this world!
Oh yeah, well die, Richter voice actor, you don't belong in this game!
Ha ha!
All right.
Loki, your number two pick.
Um, let's see.
I would have to say they need to apologize.
This should almost be a number one, but they need to apologize for B4U.
I hate the group B4U.
They can all die.
Okay?
All of them.
Jamie had that written as her number one.
Now she's thinking.
All right.
Uh, your number two pick, Zero.
Um, basically fucking over the US.
When it comes to any DDR releases, or pretty much any B-Mani release, we get, like, the total shit end of the stick.
We got, like, what, four mi- like, three mixes of DDR, because I'm not even counting that horrible-ass Disney's mix or whatever.
The Japanese one was good, but the US one was totally just raped.
It was... Yeah, Dance Magic was a cool thing, but, like, the game itself sucked.
All the other...
Okay.
Oh, I guess it's my turn.
Okay.
Let's see, where am I here?
Oh, I think we should apologize for not making more mixes of Para Para Paradise.
Arcade game.
I mean, I know Para Para Para itself kind of died in Japan, but shoot.
You know, it's one game.
Huh?
Yeah, was it?
Really?
Is it going to be a cure?
The Parapara craze is actually starting to pick up here.
A few places.
Like in the dance clubs kind of thing?
Well, they've had Parapara All-Stars touring the U.S.
You're kidding me.
At Anime Expo, they had them giving out flyers and doing instructions at Anime Expo last year.
That's fly!
Awesome.
Don't go to Anime Expo, by the way, because it's the worst convention ever.
So, yeah.
Well, more para para, please.
Anyway, I'll pass the microphone.
Yes.
Okay, Konami really needs to apologize, and this is kind of an addition to Zero's earlier statement.
They need to apologize for Konami USA, period.
I'm elaborating on his.
That was my original idea.
Konami America is just...
I'm sorry, it is just not limited to Banbani.
Everything that they made in Japan that has been transferred over to the US through Konami USA sucks.
They raped it up the ass and started punching it.
What is that, donkey punching?
Yeah.
I'm like, I'm sorry, but that's just it.
Period.
Next.
Alright, my number two pick that Konami needs to apologize, excuse me, things that Konami needs to apologize for, I would say Castlevania 64.
Yeah.
Yeah, I know, but I actually had it on my list before it was said in the chat room, but whatever.
When I first started playing that game, I thought it was, it almost started off as a good game, and then like halfway through the first level, I was like, eh.
Alright, now our number one picks.
Um, they need to apologize for the Super Nintendo version of Dracula X. Because I have the PC Engine version.
And you know what?
Where I actually really like the Super Nintendo one, if ever you've played the, um, the, uh, PC Engine version, then that's like, where the PC Engine version is like eating a feast, the, um, SNES version is like vomit.
So, yeah.
So, Dracula 5 gets, uh... 5?
Isn't that what they called it here?
Isn't that what they called it here?
No, it was Dracula X on Super Nintendo.
Oh, I thought they called it Dracula 5.
Or Castlevania 5 or something.
No, it's Dracula X. Oh, okay.
My bad.
My bad.
Which was actually cool, because, you know, actually Symphony of the Night was Dracula X, too.
Alright.
So, you're Loki, I'm sorry.
Loki's number one pick.
Okay.
Um, they need to apologize.
for Politary.
Because, you know what, she wouldn't have a career if it weren't for DDR, and I would hope that she wouldn't have a career if it weren't for DDR, and I wish she would just go, you know what, we were hoping that you would get better, you never did, so bye.
Alright, Zero, your number one pick.
My number one pick is for Naoki and all of his 150 other aliases.
Because every, I would say about 95% of every song he put on DDR sucks ass.
Doesn't matter what it is, it sucks.
I mean, how many B4Us and Brilliant 2Us do we need?
How many Paranoias and whatever else comes up do we need?
So, that would be a good FU also.
Alright.
Anita.
I have a question, Zero.
How come you named your cat Naoki then?
Because I was actually drunk when I named my cat.
And I just got too lazy to try to think of something else.
And my cat makes the name Naoki sound cool.
Well, your cat was also answering to Naochan, too.
Anita, you're number one.
Okay, my number one.
They should apologize for Let Them Move!
Excellent suggestion.
Matt, or Ice Queen, your number one pick.
They need to apologize.
Oh yes, yes.
Is that your answer, or what do you want to say?
You know what, I had something in mind, but I'm going to change it to Loki's.
Bag.
Period.
Who wants to hear a freaking bat pipe screeching as loud as you can get it?
Oh my god, Jamie.
Oh my god.
No comment.
They really need to apologize for that.
Okay, very controversial topic in the chat room.
We have a lot of people arguing with this.
This is interesting.
Alright, but my number one, and I'm surprised nobody said this yet.
My thing that needs to apologize for, their new logo.
What the hell is that?
That's not even retro.
It's retro my butt.
Alright, you want to read this big huge list before we do eliminations?
No New Super Konami World Games, DDRPC, Shitty Steps for Good Songs on Xtreme, Not Making DDRUSA Arcade Better, Discontinuing Keyboard Mania, The Whistle Song, Bad Voice Acting, Castlevania XIX, B4U, Clicking Over the US, No New Parapara Games, KonamiUSA, Castlevania 64, SNES version of Dracula X, Politary, Now Keen as 150 Aliases, Let Them Move, Vag, and New Logo.
Alright, elimination time.
Jamie, what comes off the list?
Probably Naoki.
Naoki and his 150 aliases?
Because...
Before I had heard many TAC things, I really liked Naoki's mixes.
I'd actually kind of agree.
Remember, I was a big fan of Brilliant to You, OG.
That was like my favorite song ever.
I would agree to some extent because some of the Naoki aliases are bad, like Naoki featuring Paula Terry, and Naoki, or what is it, NMR, like Let Them Move and stuff, those are bad.
But like Naoki Underground, who did Insertion, that's pretty cool, so...
Although I do agree he needs to get over the identity crisis.
Okay.
Next, yeah, Loki, what are you taking off?
I'm going to take off not making DDR USA Arcade better, because you know what?
I just don't care.
That machine doesn't exist to me anymore, so whatever.
I almost took off that one for one reason.
It sort of opened the door for all the new stuff we're getting now.
It's red and has Konami on it.
It's ugly.
Okay, Zero, what's coming off the list?
Even though I totally agree, I would say let them move.
Take that off.
I mean, I absolutely agree with it because it's horrible, but the other ones are better.
The Song Sucks
Alright, I'll just say shitty steps for a good song setting stream.
Okay.
Yes, exactly, that is the reason.
I am attacking zero.
I don't know, I just think you have a very good point, but it just doesn't seem like as much of a bitch as the rest of the stuff.
Alright.
Decisions final.
Matt, what comes off the list?
I'll have to take off the new logo just because, you know, there's so many other things on there that are so much better.
It sucks, but let's review.
Uh, I'm gonna get slapped for this, but it's so bad that it's good.
I'm taking off the bad voice acting in Castlevania VI Day and Night.
Because, you know what, I, I, it's, it's one of those things where it's like, I love mimicking it.
Die, monster!
You don't belong in this world!
And I mean, it's so bad that I love to mimic it, so for that it's redeemable.
True of all religions!
Dan and I used to quote that game.
Okay.
And I'm not doing that because Brad is jumping in the chatroom up and down asking me to, but I really do think that it's so bad it's good.
So, there you go.
Alright, so, wait, I have to close out all the windows first before I can start taking votes here.
Somebody had suggested, because of no new remixes by the T-Word, what were some other suggestions?
I missed them, oh well.
I find it funny that he's been reduced to a four letter word.
Alright, we're going to post that list and you guys can send in your votes right now over private message to Sky.
Jamie, you want to read the final list?
No new Super Konami World games, DDRPC, Discontinuing Keyboard Mania, The Whistle Song, B4U, Fucking Over the US, no new Parapari games, Konami USA, Castlevania 64, the SNES version of Dracula X, Politary, and Bag.
Vote now or die!
Alright, so vote now and send those votes to Sky in the chat room.
You should play bag.
You want me to play bag?
No!
You know what, I can't do it because I'll lose half the listeners.
Play Orion.
Play Orion?
That's almost just as bad.
I know, but it's funny.
We're going to go to break and we're going to play Orion.
We'll play another quick song.
We'll try to keep this one a short break because we want to do the cage match tonight at some point too.
So we'll probably do that when we come back.
So, we will do a quick break.
Which one?
You want the old school one or you want the new one?
Old school one.
Okay, old school one.
We'll be back.
Send your votes in now, please, please, please.
Achievement Achievement Achievement
Um, I apologize because that was mislabeled, so that wasn't the old school one, but I found the right one, so enjoy!
A double shot!
Hi, this is Mel B of RTF, and for an extra $1.99 a minute, my girlfriend Mel B can join us on all the fun together.
Hey, if you're a broke-ass like I am, why don't you come to one place that costs absolutely nothing to go to, and still the fun is just as great.
It's Orange Lounge Radio, Sunday nights.
Kick it with me, and you just might realize the best things in life are free.
Howdy, kids!
We're back, and we're being a little slow because the listless votes aren't fully tallied yet, so we're going to go right into this week's cage match.
Last week... Oh, I've got to get all this stuff queued up, though.
I'm not even ready.
Is there anything, uh, wait, wait, but you said you wanted to make a stipulation before this week's cable.
Are you pulling out about what you wanted to do to your song last week?
If I withdrew mine, I'd want to put it in a new one, which means I have to go to my car real quick.
Oh, so, oh, you have last week's winner in here.
I put it in there, but I kind of want to withdraw it and put in something new if I can.
What do you guys think?
Well, let's ask the chat room what they think.
Let's hear a little bit of last week's winner.
I hated it.
I picked it because it was hyper.
Then I'll go to my car.
Alright, by an overwhelming vote in the chat room, it's out of here.
It's gone.
Alright, I'm going to go get a CD out of the car.
I'll be right back.
All right.
So I'm getting suggestions for what to put in this week, too.
That's great.
Okay, so we're going to start this week's cage match, except I'm short a few songs.
So, clean slate.
We have no winners coming over from last week, because we're deleting that, because it sucked.
I don't know how it won.
I guess the other two songs... I put in Fable, and everybody had something against that song.
Okay.
Alright, so I guess I'll start.
Since we're starting with a clean slate tonight, let's refresh everybody on how the cage match works.
We have this little segment that reoccurs on the show called the Orange Lounge Cage Match.
The way it works, each of the hosts puts in one song that they want to put in there.
and the chat room votes on which is their favorite.
And the winner gets to go into regular rotation on the station during the Bomani Music and More program.
So, I'm getting votes for stuff.
This is interesting.
Oh, no.
Don't tell me what to put in.
And like half the ones you're mentioning either suck ass or have already been in there.
No, actually, another song by that artist is in there.
I get what she was saying.
I already have a song for this week, but I'll do that for next week.
Oh, I'm so tempted to put that song in, Justin.
Or whatever you're called this week, Justin.
I really want to put that first song in there you sent me, but I'm not ready to yet.
We'll do that next week, okay?
Because I really want to do this song this week.
So I'll start.
My song this week that I'm going to do is by a group that you know from 2DX.
They were in 7th Style, and they have a pretty popular song in there.
And the song they did in there was called The Beauty of Silence.
And the group is Svensson and Gleeland.
And this is another song by them.
I have this song.
Well, cool.
This is my pick for tonight's cage match.
This is a song called Twisted by the same group that did Beauty of Silence, Svensson and Gleeland.
Enjoy.
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
That kind of has an abrupt ending, oops.
That's because it came off a non-stop mix.
Actually, that was the energy mix of Twisted by Svensson and Ghislain, same group that did Beauty of Silence.
And what did y'all think?
Beauty of Silence, it ain't.
Sorry, that was really boring.
What do you give it on 110?
Well, poop on you!
I don't know, I'd give it a 5.
Right down the middle. 0.
I kind of give it, I had like six songs throughout that, I guess I'll give it like 56, because I really like video sounds, and that seemed to have been really well, so it's more real repetitive.
Loki.
I've heard better cuts of that same song, and that was a pretty bad cut of it.
Like I said, it's repetitive, it does kind of, you know, give you something to feel, but the middle is the beginning of my favorite part, and I give it a 4.
Good one, all of you.
Ice Queen I can't really do too much of a judgement as far as cast history on this one goes I do like the song Beauty with the Stylist but this one was like well I'm just going by an overall judgement and I have to give it a bottom 5 because it was kind of repetitive
but I kind of liked it too.
It just sounded kind of nice.
Alright, and I personally, I give that a 150, so that way it averages all your votes to a 10.
Hey, that's great.
Rob?
Yes?
All your balls need to die.
Thank you.
Love us.
You know what?
Y'all suck.
I'm never going to win this goddamn thing.
I try.
I try a different song.
All you have to do is pick an Ayumi Trans thing and you'll win.
I don't want to pick another Ayumi Trans thing.
I don't want to do another Vincent DeMora thing.
Why?
Because that's cheap.
I want to pick something that wins because it's awesome.
And you know what?
That song's awesome.
You all are just, you know what?
Okay, you know what JB said?
No, I will do JB's song next week then.
You will see.
I'm going to come back.
I'm going to save this clip of the show.
And after I play what he sent me next week, I'm going to remind you all that you asked me to play that, okay?
That's all I have to say.
All right, play mine.
And all your balls need to, yeah.
Good thing I don't have any.
All right, Jamie, what's your pick?
Tell us about it.
Beatbox, What a Wonderful World.
The colors of the rainbow, so pretty in the sky Are all the summer faces, of people calling by I've been praying to shake it down, saying oh
Hi.
I don't know what happened.
I'm sorry.
Okay, I'm going to abort this real fast because we're going to try switching it around a little bit.
We're having issues with that CD.
I burned this like three days ago.
Let's see.
I'm going to put it in the other drive and see what happens.
It's fingerprints.
Oh, okay.
So do a little clean up on that real fast.
Try that again.
Pretty big scratch right there.
Yeah, it's a pretty big scratch in the middle.
I'm just finding my CD player out of my car.
Well, let's try it.
Okay, we're going to restart this.
Actually, you need to play it out of the... This is the burner.
So it wasn't playing out of the burner.
Sorry about that.
I don't have the MP3 of that with me.
Okay, we'll try it again.
Thank you, everybody.
Let's try it again.
I'm gonna go ahead and take it in 30 seconds because it's about where we were at.
I just have to, uh, get past the CDDB thing.
Okay, let's try this again.
Introduce the song one more time.
From the start.
Beatbox of the Wonderful World.
30 minutes in.
Thanks for watching!
I don't like it very much.
It was... I'm sorry, I don't like club mixes of songs like that.
It just doesn't fit.
Everyone thinks that the formula for a dance song is let's put a beat to it and add lyrics from an old song.
No, it's not going to work.
So, um...
And then that part in the end where it started kind of doing this little thing where they started changing the pitch a little bit.
Where it started getting way out of key and then coming back in.
I don't know what the hell that was either.
So I give it a 6.
Better than the other song, but still.
Alright, 0.
Generally, I don't really care what it is, I don't like any type of dance to an old song, especially because that's an excellent song as it was originally, but this is a pretty good remake of it, it kind of tripped throughout a little bit, but I'll give it like a 7.
I still did enjoy it though.
Okay, I personally like that song.
I like the variety, I like how it wasn't the same goddamn beat the whole way through.
Some of it faded out, some of it faded back.
And yes, I like this song too, the original, so I'm going to have to give that one a 10.
Just because that's a happy song.
Yay!
Yes, that was a happy song.
Very, very happy, happy.
I liked it.
I wasn't too crazy about how the rhythm kind of reminded me of Beauty and Silence in there.
Just a little hint of that.
But overall, it's a very nice sounding song.
A little on the long side, but not too bad.
I'll give it an 8.
Nice.
It's alright.
It kind of made me a little bit sleepy, and when I hear it, I see a montage on the news of the slaughtering of RVGL children.
I give it a 6.
It's alright.
That song makes my heart happy whenever I'm in a rotten mood.
That's one of the few songs that just makes me happy all over.
Okay, fair enough.
Well, Twisted makes me happy, so... I'm sorry, Twisted made me vomit.
Last pick of the night.
Oh, this should be interesting.
Loki, what are we going to hear?
We heard this last week.
I just couldn't think of anything else that I had with the two CDs that I had with me.
So this is yet another original remix done by me.
It's the Dark Black Forest, Midnight Angel mix.
It's Loki versus Steve Reiner featuring Solaris.
Okay, here you go.
Wait, girl.
I know, but I'm waiting.
Where are we going?
Into the dark, black.
to the Dark Black Forest.
Okay.
What did y'all think of that one?
That was Steve Reiner vs. Loki featuring Solaris with Dark Black Forest.
Keep in mind that I'm trying to bypass my bias against Dark Black Forest.
Okay.
Because I'm utterly sick and disgusted with that song.
However, it was nicely done.
So let's give it, and again I'm trying to bypass my bias, I give it a 7.77777.88.
Okay.
Loki?
As mentioned in the chatroom, it doesn't sound very remixed.
There's actually a lot of subtle stuff and there's a few more synth things added to the actual main synths of the song.
So it's kind of hard to detect that there.
It was a mix between one song by Sonaris, I don't remember exactly what this song was called, and Dark Black Forest's Long Trip.
I don't know how many more trips to the Dark Black Forest for me to take, but it was pretty good and Loki's right, there's a lot of subtle stuff, so for you people who didn't hear it, turn your
I have to agree with the last two quotes.
I give it an 8 just because I liked it.
The beginning was kind of a little bit slow, but it was very repetitive to begin with, but then it picked up and I liked it every time.
I think I'll give it an 8, because I... Oh, wait a minute, I'm thinking backwards.
I'm giving it a 7, because the previous song, I thought that was a little bit better.
I like that other one.
This one is good, but it does sound a little bit like the original, so I like the first or second entry the best.
I would give it... I'd give it an 8.
It was cool.
It didn't make me as moist as Legend of Trance did.
And I think the subtleness isn't... it's not enough.
Like, we just need to do more.
It was cool, but... yeah.
I mean, it was cool, but it was just Dark Black Forest Long Trip with, like, some subtle synth.
Well, the next one's going to be totally different than the Trance remixes I've been doing.
It's going to be an even more hardcore version of Sligo Works, so you're going to love it.
Okay, let's recap.
I'm getting happy thinking about that.
Quick recap.
Here we go.
These are the three things you can vote for and you can send your votes now over private message to Sky in the chat room.
First one you can vote for, Svensson and Leland with Twisted.
Second one you can vote for, Beatbox, right?
Is that Beatbox?
Beatbox with What a Wonderful World is the other one you can vote for.
All right, and the third song you can vote for, Steve Reiner vs. Loki featuring Sonaris with Dark Black Forest.
Alright, again, first song was Svensson and Gleeland with Twisted, second song was Beatbox, What a Wonderful World, third song was Steve Reiner vs. Loki featuring Sonaris with What a Wonderful World.
I just thought of my next week's song, damn it, that sucks.
Oh, you just thought of the song you really wanted to do?
I just thought of it, it was like in my car too, it was like, ah, next week.
Alright, so there you go, send your votes in now to Sky.
In the meantime, we don't want to go right to a break because we just played a bunch of music, so let's try to chat it up a little bit, shall we?
Who has something they want to talk about?
Loki.
Well, let's see.
Uh, Jackie?
Wait.
Haven't made a racial comment this week yet.
Oh, dear God.
Okay, good, because I'm not going to...
I'm not going to, but I was just thinking back to when we were talking over, like, food at TGI Fridays about my blank owner's club game where you have to train your people to eat fast.
Oh, God, that was awful.
But, no, we're not going to mention that.
So, yeah.
It's still like MoCap Bakery.
And then what was yours?
MoCap Hansel and Gretel, where you shove the little children into an oven.
You shove little children into an oven.
Well, let's see, big news, this week opening up was Dreamcatcher, and for all those, yeah, yeah, I agree, Dreamcatcher looked like ass, but you know what was before it?
It was the final play of Osiris, and that kicks ass.
I would go see it just for that.
I would pay matinee prices just to go see that, and I'd just walk out of the movie.
Cool.
Oh, I have that on VCD.
I have Ringu 2.
Not 2.
1.
I'm sorry.
My mind is going again.
You know, ever since Puppy introduced me to BitTorrent, I've been loving downloading things for free, like movies.
And I downloaded that movie, Phone Booth, which...
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
And then I was getting... Phone booth.
It's this new program.
It's called BitTorrent.
And if Black Lab has a link to that site he gave me, that would be cool.
I would say it's like WinMX or something like that, but it's not.
It's a little different because it's not a separate client.
It's a download tool you install into your browser.
So when you start downloading a file with a .torrent extension...
What you do is you start downloading this file from, I guess, I don't know, it tells you where everybody else has the file.
And you start downloading from people.
And then as you're downloading it, when new people start downloads, they start downloading from you.
So the key is to make it work, you have to leave your thing on for like a couple hours after you finish so other people can finish their stuff too.
But it's a way of just basically file distribution.
It's mass leeching and seeding and all that.
But it's cool.
How I've used it so far...
I've gotten a couple CDs in a movie.
And I'm working on getting Final Fantasy Origins, but it's not finished yet.
And I had to stop it because we had to start the show.
The Final Fantasy 1 and 2 for America.
I just got it!
But if anybody out there has any advice or any experience playing .hack or, well, actually, I think Ice Princess has many good comments on the series, right?
No?
Yeah, .hack, no?
Who was that?
Somebody was saying that this series was great.
I don't remember.
Loki.
I heard it was good.
I've never seen it.
Actually, to be honest, to be honest looking at the game from the screenshots I've seen, it looks like ass, but, you know, I don't know.
It's good enough to spawn two more sequels.
Whoop-a-dee-doo!
I mean, look at, uh, let's see, uh, Saga Frontier.
That game sucked ass.
I mean, it's an awful game.
The first one was just crap.
I don't even care about the other ones, you know, it's just, the first one ruined it for me, so I'm not playing anymore.
Uh, what would be another one that ruined it for me that they made so many sequels of?
I never played Summoner, but I'm sure.
Summoner did have one good thing about it, and that was that preview thing that they did based on the Dungeons & Dragons thing.
Got any Dr. Pepper?
No, Mountain Dew.
Got any Mountain Dew?
It's like, yeah, it's in the fridge.
Am I in the tavern yet?
No, why?
Cause if there's any hot chicks there, I want to do them!
Tenshu, Wrath of Heaven, Wrath of Heaven, whatever.
The first level is almost identical to the first level of their original Tenchu, but it's a lot more realistic, and the cutscenes when you stealthily kill somebody is awesome.
Their heads just pop right off.
You jab them and you can kick cats and dogs.
All kinds of stuff.
It's actually pretty good.
It seems really bloody, too.
Isn't it more bloodier than the...
Man!
Have you ever seen like a Japanese soap opera or any Japanese programs where there's a lot of bloodshed and you see like somebody get cut in the throat and you see like 10 gallons of blood squirt out?
That's what this game is like.
The bloodshed is the whole point of that game.
The bloodshed is the point of that game as to Resident Evil or anything else.
It's just really, really cool.
It's like asking why anime chicks have such big breasts.
They just do.
That is the point.
No nipples.
Why does Saga Frontier suck?
Let's see here.
Not only do you get one shitty quest, but no, you get 12 shitty quests that you get to go on.
They're almost exactly the same.
Plus, the graphics sucked ass, and the game was just boring as hell.
And the title's crappy.
I ended up buying it, playing it for a week, and selling it back.
And for the record, graphics do not equal gameplay.
The gameplay wasn't anything good either, so I was like, well, maybe the graphics... No, no, sorry.
I'm serious, if they had a role-playing game that was like just the regular text-scrolling ones that were from way back in the day, I can enjoy those more if they had a good story.
You know what was freaking awesome is they're making this new side-scrolling game that's just like Contra, but you can make your own levels.
Oh, that's cool.
It's got a level editor in it.
That's cool.
Now, I've been hearing that Unlimited Saga is supposed to be pretty redeeming.
Yeah, see, well, yeah, it's about time.
Yes, we're going to come back after a quick break with results for both list lists, because we never did those, and the cage match.
So it's going to be a whole results set when we come back from break.
But first, the chat room would like to request no Saga Frontier bashing.
It sucks ass.
In fact, Square should denounce Saga Partigris being part of their whole lineup.
You know what game that Square needs to denounce?
Is freaking Legend of Mana.
No, not Secret of Mana, Legend of Mana.
That game was shit.
Okay, I was thinking, I went ahead and got the import of that because I was like, oh, you know, it's Legend of Mana, what the hell.
I was thinking more Seiken Densetsu.
But that was ass.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Very nice.
Um, or just, you know, borrow my friend's cartridge for Super Nintendo.
I bashed Saga Frontier in my sleep.
That was a horrible game, and anyone who likes it, play it again.
Yeah, if Saga Frontier happens to sneak into my dreams, you know, then suddenly I wake up with the urge to vomit.
Good, I'm done with one- Aw, dammit, there's more!
One thing in his favor.
It had good music.
It had some good music.
It's like that Rhapsody musical journey or whatever.
I wanted to play that.
It looked cute.
I actually am getting it.
One game that sucked?
Rice Line.
Um, Ephemeral Fantasia.
That game sucked.
It's a game, it was put out, it was an RPG put out by Konami.
And apparently you can use your Guitar Freaks controller with it.
That game is ass.
Dan and I barely, we didn't even get past the first village before we packaged that shit up and turned it back in.
We did not even go as far to see if our controllers would work with the US version.
We took that shit back.
Okay.
More like effeminate Fantasia.
Alright, you guys are ready?
We're going to take a quick break.
And we're going to come back and we have two results to announce.
So sit tight.
We'll be back.
Oh, 90's and 70's with the glue man, original Goldman style, Latin-style, a lot of my play style, set, hop!
Thanks for watching!
Who shot the-
and many more.
Let's listen in on an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting.
No!
Do we care what people think of us?
No!
Do we want people to kiss our ass?
Yes!
Extreme Bobani Radio.
That's us, Orange Lounge Radio.
Alright, we're back.
Featuring the buzz.
Episode number 37.
Episode number 37.
In a row.
Thank you.
Of Orange Lounge Radio.
We're back.
And we have results, results, results for you people.
And then we're going to whore a few things out.
We're going to open it up to the chat room to plug anything they want.
Anything they want to plug, you got...
15 minutes left to show to do it.
I'd be afraid of people plugging stuff in public.
Anything you guys want to plug, send it to me over a private message and we'll plug it live on air.
Alright, and we got a few plugs of our own we want to do.
So we're going to have Plugmania in a minute.
In the meantime, let's announce.
First, the winners of our listless segment.
Top three things that Konami needs to apologize for.
Number three.
Number three.
Bag.
Yay!
Please apologize.
You can send those cards and letters care of all Bomani players.
Bag.
Number two, Castlevania 64.
Indeed.
And you can write that to all of America for Castlevania 64.
Apologies.
Number one thing that Konami needs to apologize for is...
Fuck Impolitary.
By quite a bit of a margin, should I add.
She seems like she's being fucked.
That's why she keeps going off key and rhythm.
Alright.
Moving on, now let's announce the winner of the cage match.
Cage match had a lot of votes tonight, you guys.
I'm very happy, and it was actually kind of close.
I was very surprised.
Votes spread all across the board.
I have a whiff today.
Okay, Mr. Spanky.
So, here it is.
The winning song of this week's cage match was... was Silent.
What a wonderful world wins the cage match this week.
I'm full of happy feelings right now.
So, enjoy.
Now, let's see.
We're going to plug stuff.
So, first thing we want to plug, there's tournaments we have to plug.
In two weeks...
We will be broadcasting live from March Madness.
It's going to be a huge tournament.
DDR Freestyle Idol is a part of that.
PA, 64 person bracket.
So even if you suck at PA, come because you're going to qualify.
With 64 people, that's awesome.
Not to mention, I think the first NorCal 2DX tournament, right?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
We'll be broadcasting live both days, all day long.
So that's something else.
Join us in the channel and all that fun stuff.
Another tournament we're going to be at in May, and I'm sure I've already gotten private messages asking me to plug this, so I'll get to those in a little bit.
But B3, going to be huge.
Pier 39, two days, I believe it's May, and I'm going to get killed if it's the wrong date, but I'm going off the top of my head.
May 17th and 18th?
Yes?
Yes?
I'm going to look at a calendar because I think I might be wrong.
I have this really bad feeling I'm wrong.
But I'm sure somebody asked me to plug it anyway.
Oh, I'm right.
It is 17th and 18th.
Woohoo!
Okay, so we'll be broadcasting live from there too.
And then Season 3 of Orange Lounge Radio starts also in May.
And that's going to be a big deal because we have a new toy that we're going to be bringing with us.
We can't say anything about it because we don't know for sure we're going to have it yet.
But we're trying very hard.
And we're going to have a lot more wonderful interaction with audio-wise.
We're going to hook the hell out of TVs hooked up to the sound system and other things.
We're going to get to play porn on air and all that wonderful stuff.
It's going to be very interesting.
Also, the other thing that's going to be different about Season 3 is that we're going to have a much larger studio.
Oh, hell yeah.
So that should be interesting, too.
Hopefully we won't all suffocate to death.
Okay, so let's see what the chat room wanted us to plug.
Because they do this on late night talk shows, you know, they get to plug whatever they want when the guests come on.
So, is there anything in here anyone would like to plug?
It doesn't even have to be Vimani related.
Something you want to plug.
Do you need a date?
Do you need money?
As always, of course, it's going to be www.willddr4food.net slash leechfromloki.
Can't forget that.
Tomorrow...
There will be an update.
A couple hundred files will be coming up online.
It's going to be the official stuff.
Right now we've got prepped most of DDR Extreme, all of DDR First through Fifth Mix, DDR Solo, and I'm going to try to get Max and Max 2 done tonight as well as the other smaller ones like Oha and all those.
I think I should be able to get those done tonight.
We'll see.
So those will be coming out tomorrow.
Anybody else want to plug something in here?
I need sex!
And if they want to fuck the shit out of you, where should they email?
916-GO-CHEAP Or just look for them on the corner of 27th and J?
1-900-FUCK-ASS Alright, let's go through the chatroom and see what they want to plug.
Justin Circuit would like us all to pay a visit to www.saifam.com So Justin Circuit is plugging Saifam, good Brack2000 would like to plug this site, www.capting.tk And I'm a little scared plugging sites I know nothing about So let's go visit it while Jamie plugs her thing
No!
I would also like to plug Wil Wheaton.net, just because Wil Wheaton's freaking hilarious.
And that's one L, not two.
Wil Wheaton.net is a hilarious site.
Wil Wheaton is like the coolest guy.
I'd like to plug www.ratemyrack.com Yeah.
I'd like to plug Matt Damon.
I'd like to plug, but I can't.
Thank you, sorry.
23rd Magus says he would like to plug and chug www.unglued.tk
or ungluedbomani.tk.
I'm not sure if they're two different sites or the same site, but visit them both, unglued.tk and ungluedbomani.tk.
Fear some more and fear him the most.
That's alright.
And they're having a cake versus pie argument in the chat room right now.
Quick, quick everybody, cake or pie?
Pie.
Cake.
Cake.
3.14.
Cake.
I say pie.
But you know what?
Cheesecake owns them both.
I like
I like cake better than pie.
Cheesecake owns them both.
End of story.
Ice cream cake.
Cake pie.
Yes, cake flavored pie.
For my birthday, I want an ice cream cake.
I want a Colston one that's cake batter flavored with brownies in it.
I want an erotic cake for my birthday.
No, just like in the end of that Simpsons episode.
A cake with boobies?
My dad, for his 50th birthday, had a boobie cake.
And it was a couple of big boobs that was a cake, and then it had like a little bra on it, and it had a skier skiing down one of the boobs.
Oh, slopes.
Anyway, okay, enough of cake versus pie, we're done.
Alright.
AZHP wants us to plug NBOR3.
Very good opportunity.
I try to plug these occasionally.
We all try to talk about our forums, but not enough people are going there.
You need to visit our forums.
They're at KaliBamani.com slash NBOR3.
Or you know what?
Even quicker, just go to KaliBamani.com and then click on forums.
Awesome.
Or go to the Orange Lounge website and click on forums.
They go to the same place.
Visit the forums.
Post.
They're the best damn forums anywhere.
They're good.
Except for the Gold Club Center Volts forums, which are better.
Oh my gosh.
That's a strip club, by the way.
I would also like to plug Neopets.com.
Go there, earn lots of Neopoints, and give them to me.
Snub Dysphenoid would like to say, Paranoid Survivor Max Oni Steps has a max combo of 641 and has slides inside the final runs.
How the hell can anyone pass that?
Just thought I would share slash ask.
This is not Ask Orange Lounge.
Yeah, this isn't Ask Orange Lounge, sorry.
Because slowly over time, playing DVR, you will slowly become Asian.
Once you've achieved the ultimate Asian status, you will be able to pass that song.
But only then will you be able to pass that song, and not before then.
The machine must choose you.
Then, you'll become the last starfighter.
Japanman wants me to plug a site that's like a two-year-old internet joke.
So when you find something funny that's new, let me know.
Because Goatse is like two years old.
Okay.
DarkTetsuya says that look out for his DWI for Love and the Angel.
It's in the making.
And will he be hosting that on Leach from Loki?
Who knows?
I hope so.
Yeah, that's another thing about my site.
Pretty soon it's going to be really easy to upload files.
Like really, really, really easy.
So, yeah.
Okay, MoreThanJake543 says, I need someone to do something that will make Rio shut down for a day.
That's his school.
Oh, RateMyHuck.com.
Uh-oh, I'm scared to know what a huck, I don't know what a huck is.
Let's see what a huck is.
I don't know, let's find out, I hope so.
Let's see, we're going to RateMyHuck.
Oh, I wonder if it's vomit.
Huck kind of sounds like vomit.
No, because I'm going to rate my huck.
Here it is.
It's a Norwegian thing.
If this is poop or something, I'm going to be pissed.
Oh, it's biking.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay, that I can do.
That I can deal with.
Rate my... Do they have ratemycock.com?
This is like a bicycle thing.
Okay, that's fine.
Rate my huck is acceptable.
See if they have rate my cock.
Rate my cock?
Okay, let's see.
I'm curious about this.
RateMyCock.com.
We're going.
Loading, loading, loading.
Something's happening.
Something's happening.
Oh, shit.
Uh-oh.
I don't know, you guys.
It's probably trying to put a virus on my computer.
Okay, let's see.
We're going to enter.
There is a RateMyCock.com.
Yeah!
What do you guys think?
I still think that the penis is the funniest looking thing in the world.
Praise God for internet porn.
I would give that, oh, I'd say about a five on size.
Style?
No, okay, I'll give it a seven.
And style?
Style's a little funky.
Let's give it a five.
Okay, let's go to the next cock.
Let's look at the next one.
Okay, we're going to look at one more cock, then we're done.
Cock's name.
Oh my God!
They have their name, and then they have the cock's name.
Oh my God!
Oh, I want him.
Dude, give that a ten all the way.
Okay.
You have to log in to vote, and I'm not going to log in.
So, there you go.
Do you want to rate people's cock?
And this is great.
The greatest thing about the site, even if you're straight, this is funny, I swear.
If you're a straight guy, this is still funny, because it has their name, and then their cock's name.
That is so Photoshopped, okay?
Okay.
God, I hope the neighbors aren't listening.
More plugging!
Saotome Ranma would like to plug www.starman.net as well as my huge, huge penis.
Okay.
How many Neopoints do you need, Jamie?
I'm actually about 30,000 away from my next bank account.
I'll take whatever I can get.
My Neopets name is DJ underscore Celica.
Okay.
Yes, we got a lot of cool new listeners from Starman.net, so go visit them, especially if you like Earthbound, which you should because it was like the greatest Super Nintendo game ever.
Uh, 23rmagus would like to plug Pi, American Pie style.
We don't need to know about your secret nighttime activities involving Pi.
And Rice would like to... This is the greatest site.
Okay, in all seriousness, this is the greatest site.
Rice is having us plug the greatest site.
RYC3 would like us to plug RateMyKitten.com.
It is the cutest site.
No, let's go.
Let's visit.
Let's visit.
Okay.
I should put pictures of Shermie on there.
Let's visit.
It's pussy that's actually good!
I wanna see more kitties!
I wanna see more kitties!
I wanna see more kitties!
Yes, I like doing this just for the sound effects, okay?
This is great radio.
This Indian's home has dinner all ready for tonight.
Okay, okay.
One more, just for the sound effect.
Here we go.
Ready?
One more, just for the sound effect.
That one looked kind of mean, so it didn't get quite the reaction we were hoping for.
Okay, let's try this.
Okay, it's getting old.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay, go to this site.
All right, Rob.
Okay, hold on.
I've got to fire up the browser here.
This is my cat, who owns all cats.
I'm going to post this in the chat room, too.
Oh, that's cute.
This is Shermie sleeping in a pizza box.
Shermie is a big cat.
You've got to realize that when this cat is standing up and walking around, it looks like a soccer ball.
Thank you for watching!
Some of Jamie's toys.
And your keyboard maniac controller.
Okay, me and my friend were playing Vice City is Placed.
Then what happens?
He starts firing at some cops when this black man just jumps on the bike.
I think he came from this hole.
What?
So he found a man-whore in Vice City, I guess.
It's like some big deal.
Huh.
That's beautiful.
Wow.
MoreThanJake would like us to plug CollegeHumor.com and MyCatHatesYou.com.
Ooh, the other side of it.
Let's see.
Let's have a look at it.
MyCatHatesYou.com.
Has a mean little kitty.
Oh, no.
I've seen that picture over email.
I know.
I know about that.
Oh, these are all, like, mean cats.
Oh, that's a cool one.
Okay, okay.
This is an awesome site.
It's, uh, http dot, or it's actually, um, Maddox, M-A-D-D-O-X dot xmission dot com.
Uh, oops.
No www.
No www.
Okay, here we go.
The best page in the universe.
Oh, is this the one where he rips on the little kid's arm and stuff?
Yeah, but there's much more of that.
Let's see here.
Who would make a better president, Bush or a box of Tic Tacs?
That's beautiful.
Wait, wait, look at this picture.
Oh, here we go.
Wonderful.
Alright, so I'm going to post that to the chat room if they'd like to check out that little ball of joy.
Let's see what Shark Skrull wanted us to plug.
I like ramen, I like porn
Okay, it is a porn site.
Beautiful.
I would also like to plug cospa.co.jp, C-O-S-P-A.
For any cosplayers, it's a site that sells pre-made cosplay pieces, but also it's very good images on things that you can make for your own costumes.
Also, tokyostreets.com, for anyone who's into the whole fruits fashion, has pictures of street fashion in Tokyo.
Okay, 23rd Magnus would like a way to plug my BWC.
His big white cock?
I don't know.
Okay.
These are the last plugs, you guys, and we're going to end the show, get the final thoughts, end the show.
Brack2000 wants to plug EmotionEric.com.
Yes, this site is very cool.
Thank you.
Thank you for plugging this.
This is a great site.
This is this guy, and all he does is he emotes things.
So let me show you, like here.
God damn, these fucking pop-up ads.
Hold on, Alt-F4, gone.
So, let's see, this is the emote icon for love.
Aw, isn't that cute?
This is the emote icon for drunk.
And then we get to, like, kill number three, finding dead body in the trunk, freedom,
So emotioneric.com.
Great.
And then he has pending requests.
He also takes requests like Yoga Fire and things like that.
Okay.
What is the request?
Homestar Runner.
Rise Princess?
Homestar Runner.
Yes.
Is it that?
I'm sure everybody on the internet has seen that already.
Late, late, ending late.
Yeah, big deal.
So what?
It's our show.
Oh, Kelly Bomani says, I would never go to a site like that.
Sean found it.
No.
Sure.
Sure.
I want Loki to read on air the article Maddox wrote about vegetarianism for morals on the Maddox.xmission.com.
You up for it?
I've read all of his articles, so... Where's the vegetarian one?
Uh, let me find it.
No, no, no.
That's the continuity one with Daredevil the movie.
Uh, let's see here.
Uh, oh, this one's funny too, but I'm not going to read that one.
Uh, PETA, Preventing Suffering... Yeah.
Wait, that's hate mail, I think.
Alright.
Uh, that might be the one.
Really?
Yeah.
It's about the guiltless grill and something like that.
Make it quick, we gotta end the show.
It's a long fucking article.
First paragraph.
Okay.
PETA stands for People Before the Ethical Treatment of Animals.
Let's ignore that for a moment.
That implies that there exists a universal set of ethics instead of let's focus on the meat of this email.
PETA is primarily concerned with preventing suffering of living animals.
Oh, really?
As opposed to preventing the suffering of dead animals?
Good thing they clarified that because I was confused and couldn't infer that they were saying animals that they didn't mean dead animals.
Glad we have cleared that up.
Let's move on.
Anyways, to basically summarize that, he's just telling that more animals get killed in the harvesting of grain than bias.
And so what he says is for every one piece of, like, or every steak that they're not going to eat, he's going to eat three.
That's awful.
Alright.
And I'm getting asked to play the second song that JB sent me, which I will do after the show is over.
So, let's get to those final thoughts.
Guess first.
Zero?
I guess my final thought is pretty much have as many parties as you possibly can because they're really fun and you can get drunk and you can make an ass out of yourself.
I have to say in that motion, ass is good but then so is booze.
Um, okay, I don't think you said ass is good and so are boobs.
Oh, okay.
I'm sorry, let me clarify.
Ass is good and so is booze.
That's an alcohol.
Okay, glad we clarified that.
Uh, my final thought, uh, be happy.
That's all I gotta say.
My final thought is black CD-Rs are really red.
Um...
Vegetarians suck.
You should eat all the meat that's possible.
Otherwise, cows go to waste.
You care to counter that?
That sucked.
For those of you who don't know, I am a vegetarian.
I don't eat cows or pigs because I don't want a heart attack.
I say we just eat the vegetarians.
Well, that doesn't make sense.
I would be cannibalism.
I could go into this.
It's just too long.
And then we trap your soul and make you watch your body rot.
Let's see.
Salad or beef!
Beef it is!
Sausage is always good for me.
Stop it with the gay references!
Did everybody get to do their final thought except me?
Well, I want to know if Loki would kill his own cow to get his beef.
Oh, damn, that'd be fun!
In reference to that, Dennis Leary did have the best funny, the funniest thing regarding being pro meat eating, and that was, bring out a live cow, I'll carve off what I want and ride the rest home.
And if one of the meat eaters had a heart attack and fell over, we'd just throw him in the pit too.
More meat for the meat eaters.
I wouldn't kill my cow.
I would get a guy cow and make them have more cows.
And then I would kill them and eat them.
Beautiful.
My final thought for the day is Kuntai.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by DarkSakura, Sky, and Loki.
If you'd like to leave us a comment, send us an email at orangeloungeradio at yahoo.com.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
Inform the commander that Lord Vader's shuttle has arrived.
Lord Vader, this is an unexpected pleasure.
We're honored by your presence.
Yo, G, I be here to see why yo homies ain't workin' they boogies off.
I assure you, Lord Vader, my men are working as fast as they can.
We be seein' if they get this ride goin' with six-foot-seven of blacks starin' down.
I tell you that this station will be operational this time.
Man, don't think that you be cruisin' down here to check out this ride.
Thank you very much for listening and we'll see you next week.
