Did you want to hear the most annoying sound in the world?
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, the Monty Talk and then some.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain hot monkey sex.
Just kidding.
Orange Lounge will not contain hot monkey sex.
In this episode...
Hey, are there any balls down there?
That's the biggest bear you've ever seen, Jingle Bear.
What's your favorite scary movie?
Showgirls.
Absolutely frightening.
What's yours?
There are no stupid questions.
Just stupid people.
Torture yourself? That's my job.
Now's the time on sprockets and me dogs!
I'll get you, my pretty! And your little dog, too!
I know kung-fu.
I'm sorry, but all questions must be submitted in writing.
Why did they have to take the word gang?
No! What I expect for punishing physicians is kendo.
Hey!
Dark Sakura
Shut up! Where's my gun? This is my boomstick!
Sky
Come on girls, it's time to drop the bomb.
Lowkey.
I can't, for the life of me, get the hooker to have sex with me.
What kind of war human being would find that funny?
Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live, and this is episode number 38 for March 23rd of 2003.
Hey, shut up, no buzz this week.
We hope, we hope it stays this way through the whole show.
You're tuned into the money scenes most Oscar-nominated radio station of all things be
My name is Rob Roberts
You might know me as sky
Joining me as always are my awesome
Wonderful happy and Oscar-nominated co-hosts in this corner in her lovely Versace gowns say hello
Funny on the farm miss Jamie summers
I still think it's first taste.
I didn't know Calvin Klein, maybe.
Hello, say hello to the other folks assembled in here, and the lovely Vera Wang. Say hello to Intern Zero.
He said Wang.
And the Oscar goes to me for coming up with first nachie.
And also here in a...
I'm wearing bum clothes.
Who are you? Oh, he's the guy who found the Oscars in the dumpster.
He's the...no, he's the key grip.
you man to review
well you know
and then our our best boy
let's say hello
say hello to jay b
how you doing
it's okay to have a mic
quickening headed to propel a talk
it's not going to hurt you
wearing a lovely um...
Jolly Rancher face is...
Okay, we also have some other guests coming. They're just not here yet.
A rice princess is somewhere in the house, but she must be...
Oh, she went to get the food. We have DDRHolic coming.
And then we also have
Asian Innovations coming. Mike, no, you know him.
A dark child.
That'll be fun.
If they get here.
Hopefully they didn't get lost. You did draw them a good map, right?
Of course. I gave written directions and then I drew a map that showed which house you chose.
because i don't remember your house number
oh haha okay
all right let's at the end of the late late late late late hey you know what
i'm moving in a month so it won't matter
yeah he probably
he thinks kamani's weird enough as it is
all right
autographed my butt
we'll be talking about tons of stuff a little bit more later including
announcing the march madness 2d x qualifiers
We'll talk to Mike, no, we'll talk to everybody, but first, Daikonkai, the long version. Enjoy, we'll be back.
And I could be in the dark alone
Hi, everybody, this is DSDS!
Make sure to visit SoCalKicks.com
and you're listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
We've finally accomplished ultimate evolution just now!
Hello, everybody! You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio,
live here for episode number thirty-eight.
Whatever happened to SoCalCakes? I hardly ever see him in the shower anymore.
Quit eating everybody.
It's kind of a crazy house tonight.
Everybody uh...
Everybody's all hyper.
Everybody's all hyper about the Oscars.
Yeah cause Spirited Away fucking won. That's all that matters.
I have to make a new ad.
What are they called again?
They came up with the best name.
Shingles.
Yes.
The Pringles.
That tastes like shit.
Like Skattles?
Everybody go to this address.
Rob, type it up.
www.sackofaimani.com slash Skattles.
No, I take that back.
They're not there.
Go back.
Go back.
It's not www anything.
members.al.com slash dark Sakura slash scattles dot jpg I think that's it
that's what I do when I'm bored is I take products and then make like foul
approximates of them it's either dot jpg or dot gif I don't know that's what I do
do when I get bored, I find meat products. It is.jpg. No, not meat. I find products
and then I make them a little bit different. You should have made them all brown though,
instead of like, what? I'm being summoned. They're meant. They're supposed to give your
ass a minty fresh taste. Yes. Question from the chat room. Did the Disney version of Spirited
away win or did the original Japanese one well it would be the Disney one but
that's because well I don't really know why that is I think that's just because
it's a to the Oscars it's the same movie just a different language track but it's
still the same visual I don't know but yeah the Disney one won anyway wow what
a busy busy week I'm so exhausted after this and I was impressed she pronounced
his name right she probably had a lot of training Cameron Diaz probably had to be
coach
cool can i just get somebody had
anyway
for her to give me a little bit
anyway
uh...
kind of a crazy weekend just to think that next week's even gonna be crazy
reason march madness is coming up
at the end of the week he the second
tournament i've done
that's been around times of unemployment for me.
Give me a job!
That lion is demonic.
That lion is demonic.
Um...
Yes, we have March Madness coming up,
which, by the way, means there will be no live show next Sunday, because...
We'll be live all day Saturday and Sunday.
I'll be all over the freakin' place.
Oh my God.
It's gonna be like, like Shaft was, except I get to do it for two days.
And Loki, once again, gets to, uh, head up taking the reins all by himself.
Hey, what are you guys doing?
I will be helping you 90% of the time.
But I have to emcee the 2DX tournament.
And then I'm going to be participating in one event, but I can't say what.
I'm doing everything else.
Well, at least on the admin side.
Yes.
But you'll be by to say hello, right?
Getting volunteers, offering them potato chips and not paying anybody.
You'll say hi on the show, right?
Of course.
I think it'll be like this what's gonna be really cool about March Madness is
that the machines gonna be set up outside from what I understand but
they're gonna don't worry for those of you they're worried about glare don't
worry about it staffs already thought about it they're gonna just kind of set
it up in like this tent thing with a lot of tarp and they're gonna set it
perpendicular to Sun they have this all worked out so don't worry you won't be
able to get any glare on that so but what's cool about that this is the
machines outside, we're gonna be, for any of those that have ever been to Scandia before,
we're gonna be out in the gazebo. So, you can't miss us. They can't, this is what's
cool about Scandia and letting us do that tournament there. They cancelled all the parties
so we could have the party room and the gazebo, and Orange Lounge gets the gazebos, that's
pretty cool. Word children, screw your birthday, we're having a DDR tournament. Word of advice,
word of advice, if you're coming down to the tournament at Sacramento Scandia, and we hope
come early because it's gonna fill up fast like the parking lot I'm talking
about because there's a lot of people expected to show up next Saturday
between the normal patrons and the DDR tournament so come early to be sure that
you can actually like park nearby what are you mewing about how was your week
What did you do this week, Timmy?
Screwed cats, what?
I didn't do shit.
What's that, Timmy? Timmy's caught in a whale?
What's that, Timmy?
Fuck it, I fucked it up!
What's that, Timmy's caught in your ass, what?
Gotcha.
Do anything fun this week, Jamie?
Went to a party, watched Battle Royale.
Yes, last night was the big party at Zero's house, and we watched Battle Royale.
You know, I still miss the beginning.
Every time I start to watch that movie, I either catch it in parts
because I have to go to the bathroom and do the whole thing,
or I miss the very beginning, and I miss the beginning again.
Was that a special edition or just the normal?
Because I need a special edition now because there's like a bunch of scenes
that they cut out.
Was this the song from the credits, this song that you had very first
pre-show night because somebody recognized it somebody in the chatroom
recognized it when it first played
very cool I had never I didn't even know what to expect when I saw that movie I
was just kind of sitting about it we didn't know I didn't even know anything
about it I didn't even drink last night so I was actually perfectly sober
watching the movie which you know at a party is actually pretty rarity for me
But I'm just kind of sitting there going, I don't know, everybody was arguing about what movie you want to watch.
Some people want to watch Battle Royale, some people want to watch, what was it called, The Swimmers?
The Water Boys.
Which I thought somebody said The Water Boy, and I'm like, I don't need to see a bad Adam Sandler movie again.
If you want to know more about Battle Royale, now the site does have a good bit of spoilers, but it's a very in-depth site, one of the best I found.
I found, go to battleroyalonline.com and it's actually R-O-Y-A-L-E.
You know what?
I was curious because in the background, you know, when training video, how they had www.br.com.
I'm wondering if that's...
I went to that site.
It wasn't there.
How about br.co.jp?
I didn't try that.
Try br.co.jp.
Oh, br.co.jp.
Uh-huh.
Because there was not a br.com.
I looked.
I looked.
Probably not.
No.
But, um, nope.
But, um, try that site, battleroyalonline.com.
Okay.
Explain the premise of Battle Royale, because we're talking about this movie.
We haven't talked about what it's about, for those that don't know.
In the future, children do not respect their elders, and the world is thrown into chaos.
So they enact this thing called the Battle Royale Act, where they take a randomly-pooled
class of students, and put them in Iraq, and put them on a deserted island, and have them
kill each other until there's one left. And they have these little collars that make their
necks explode in cool, bloody ways. That was cool, but I liked that guy. It was a really
violent movie. Like, if you like young children and violence... I liked the guy that joined
up for fun. That guy kicked ass. Oh my God. Yeah, I liked the fact that... Right, Mexico
was the best one. I liked how the guy taught there in 8th grade. The slut was the coolest
person. I nominate for best student on the island for the males is going to go to the
guy that joined them for fun and then of course you know best female would be the slut, yeah.
I was going to say something profound about the movie I forgot. She got six kills. That
site that I just told you about, it has character profiles for like six of them and it actually
She has the cool slut girls profile, including her family history and everything.
She was a prostitute, and she was pimping out other girls, and she got six kills in
the movie.
It has her body, and actually this site is really cool because it has pictures of all
of the scorecards, so that's really cool.
You know what's interesting about that movie, what makes it a lot more fun?
If you imagine it being like 8th graders from your local Roosevelt Golf Land or your local
arcade that pisses you off, and then every time they run in front of that area between
the pad and the machine, that little necklace goes off and they explode.
Hey, I'd join up for fun to kill them.
Yeah, the best thing about that movie, it had the whole 90210 effect.
You have 8th graders that are like 30.
And you have your different types.
You have the slut, you have the prep.
Then you have the loner guy and you have the nerds.
The nerds were the best.
The nerds were so cool.
I want a pot lid to kill people with, because that would be so cool.
The pot lid saved him.
I know, that was the coolest part.
I still think Jack did the best and kicked ass.
Oh yeah.
You might want to talk about Battle Royale 2, because we're given the website for it
in the chat room right now by Jazz.
Actually, if you can get the link out of my live journal and post it in there.
Sure, actually Jazz just posted it in the chat room for our convenience.
Ah, thank you.
Battle Royale 2 is set after, of course, Battle Royale, about three years afterwards, with
the survivor, and actually the other, I don't want to go into detail, there's another character
who makes an important cameo, as far as I know.
On that side, though, there's a cool thing, they have scenes of their rehearsal.
I want to play with your pussy, ooh, ooh.
Jamie, please stop playing with Irene's pussy on the show, ooh, can I fish your pussy?
Yeah.
Oh, oh, oh.
Meow.
Pussy is here for those that are shocked and amazed right now.
Where did you get that from?
Hot Gothic.
A long time ago, like three years ago.
Oh man.
Yeah, I know.
It's so cute.
Yeah, and it's dead.
It's got X's for eyes, and it's got a pink tongue.
I have a panda for you at my house, by the way.
Oh, thank you.
It's got an opening where the pussy is, and it's pink inside.
Yeah.
The interior is pink.
It's really cool, or whatever.
That was a lovely image I'm sure, I'm sure our listeners are happy that we could share
that with all of you.
There's my cell phone.
Here, somebody talk.
Oh, I bet that's mine.
We're lost.
Hi.
So anyway, we need to fill a little more time here.
Let's look at this profile, this one chick.
I guess the chick that makes a cameo in the beginning of Battle Royale 1 has a full part
in the second movie.
That should be fun.
Oh, there they are.
Yes they are.
Oh, what the hell is this? There's some chick that looks like a Barbie doll that Chaz put in the chat room.
Yeah, it looks like Christina Aguilera.
That's scary. Anyway.
Alright, enough about Battle Royale. Somebody wants to take the mic. Hi.
You should have Dragon Ash in the next one.
So, how was your week, Logie? What did you do?
I worked on the website. Yes, I know there's nothing on there new right now.
If you trust me tomorrow, you're going to be seeing differently.
What will be coming up hopefully tomorrow, if I am able to zip everything up tonight,
would be all the official sets for DDR, everything from First through Xtreme, so everything that's
done so far.
I have a question for you, Loki, because I was able to play your sim last night, and
I actually got to play some songs.
Usually there's so many people there that I never get to actually play the damn sim,
I only get to watch it.
I got to play it last night.
Why are so many DWIs really badly synced, like the ones you get off the internet?
Why are they so bad, sync-wise?
Because people are stupid.
Well, how are those allowed to be distributed?
It's like, ugh, pisses me off.
Don't people check their files?
Nope.
God.
And a lot of times people just either make heavy steps or just make basic steps and really
annoying shit like that, so you have to go back and fix them.
So that's what I'm hoping to do also with releasing files on my site is it'll allow me to go in and check these files and be able to fix them.
Because, you know, obviously put them on the internet, I want to make sure that they're nice and fixed, they have nice backgrounds, you know, with the artist name in the banners and all that wonderful stuff.
So that's what I'll be working on.
And, you know, just to forewarn everyone because obviously I'm sure people will be noticing this.
All the sim files, you know, the official sets, are not created by me.
Yes, I know, shocker, I didn't have the time to create.
Thousands and thousands of sim files are already done and already synced.
So, you know, I'm just sticking them on my website in case some of these other websites go down or it's just another place to find them.
You know, bandwidth-wise or whatever.
Hi, welcome back.
But there will be some official stuff that will be exclusive to my site, such as the solo non-stops.
Those are going to be all done by me and those are not anywhere to be found on the internet.
Very cool.
Very cool.
That's about it.
But, if you're looking for DDR Extreme stuff and pretty much anything else right now, two
sites you can look at would be AmaniStyle.
They've got a lot of the stuff on there.
Or DDR UK.
They've just opened their download section again to everyone instead of just level two
members or whatever like that.
you can go download everything and you know I swear by Lawrence you know on the
website because he can just he sinks files better than anyone so but you know
I took his files and put the CD tags for the money so I just like their
tags better I don't know this is picky but they're all up there already will be
all up tomorrow as soon as I upload them and there's gonna be a change with how
you download them, it's going to be all through FTP now instead of just through the website
because one, it will allow me to update it faster and two, the FTPs on regulated as far
as bandwidth wise and the website, while normally you have unlimited bandwidth, they do watch
if your site uses a lot of bandwidth, they're going to close you down and unfortunately
my site is shared with stepmania.com and a bunch of other ones, so I don't want those
is going down, so I'm going to take measures to prevent that.
Very cool.
Question from the chat room, Brak2000 wants to know,
are you going to post announcer files?
No, actually, I could probably do that.
I have those.
Well, he wants them.
Well, maybe later this week.
All right.
If you want to join in the chat, just go to the website,
calibomani.com because we're part of the calibomani family
and then uh... orange lounge is right there on the front page click on orange lounge
and you'll get another menu click on chat
it's that easy
you made a tower of pringles i'm so proud of you
another call
people turn your phones off
i'm kidding
was michael is mike here
yeah but he's not here
he got ice cream
did he get me
did he get me ice cream
know it no one else i didn't usually
i went and saw uh... dreamcatcher
was any good
all the file plan the sardis is
kick-ass
dreamcatcher well
three pictures a lot of part jokes
bad acting and uh...
a giant worm alien it speaks with the british accent
uh...
actual understand that at all
goodnight angel ray
he speaks to the british
but hilarious they've got one part in the movie because obviously all the
aliens look like these giant worm pigs
they make themselves look like you know the traditional looking alien
gray humanoid thing with the weird eyes
so basically there's one scene in the movie where they're going to destroy the alien ship
and you see all these aliens going
no don't hurt us
well it's like uh...
we're not infected don't hurt us we're not infected because there's this virus thing that's like
pretty much killing these people
And so, um, but as they start getting close, because, you know, obviously the military knows better, they start turning into these worm things and running away.
I just thought it was funny that they were, like, gunning down all these aliens and that was happening.
Right.
But, yeah. Dreamcatcher, um, it was decent. I wouldn't go see it again. And, well, actually, it actually kind of sucked ass.
But, next week, the core comes out, and that's who's going to really suck ass, so don't go see that one.
Alright. Why don't we go to a quick break, I guess? Or is there any other Sim news you want to talk about, Logan? Things going on in the Sim world?
The last one they had was from the 6th, so it's a couple weeks old, but they're working on it.
Not in Bumani's cells, no. If you're looking for like other sim files, stuff like, you know, for 2DX and that kind of thing, Bumani's cells got some, you know, they're really working on their Bumani, on their Bumani sim files, they've got like a lot of 2DX stuff on there and BeatMania 3 and whatnot.
So check them out for everything else, because they
will have one of the most complete sym file collections.
But DDR UK will probably have the best synced DDR DWIs.
So I don't know.
Then, of course, there's my site, which will have just a
lot of shit, a whole bunch of stuff on there.
So yeah.
All right, cool.
We're going to go to a break, and we'll be
back in a little bit.
We're going to do this break.
We'll do, I don't know, what song can we do?
Let's do something...
Wait, wait, wait!
I know!
We'll play my song.
Oh, scary.
Okay, we'll play something that Loki wants us to play.
Okay.
Here.
Da-da-da-da.
What are we loading up here, Loki?
We're loading up a really cool remix I just found on Monty Sims a while ago.
Oh, that was cool!
Okay, we'll play that.
We're going to play the absolute happy mix.
And then, I have a request for Calcutta, and a request for Guacamole Del Taco, I'll get
all those in this break, and we'll be back.
And we're gonna do the FUs of the week when we come back, so send those over to me by
private message in the chatroom, but we'll also talk about some Amani news, we have that
too.
So, we'll be back!
Thanks for listening to Orange Lawns Radio.
One day when I got some weed, I told them who to help, I got some weed.
I like to be shit and fat and be hooliching cause I'm fat now
Uncle Dandie, he is rich, he's a sexy fat man
And I know that he will help me as much as he can
A sexy fat man is what I want to be
But you're all over him but you want to ride with me
I don't know why it's okay that I'm on my body
But every speed in Calcutta is a fight
Calcutta, I am a sexy starboy
That's my life, I'm a little sexy
I'm a little sexy, sexy, sexy
I'm a little sexy, sexy, sexy
I love to fly the kashy
I like it very much
Even though I have no license, I always panic, but
I can find me at my end, I can find me at my feet
And I have no problem getting very ugly
Gar kusal I am the tangster flower in me
Gar kusal I ride my ladle, taxi in me
Gar kusal Iifferent arom shell
Gar kusal I'm the tnecbook!
Gar kusal I am the tnecbook!
Gar kusal I ride my ladle, taxi in me
Gar kusal I'm the tnecbook
Gar kusal I am the tnecbook
Oh
I am a taxi driving man
Hi-ho, Kermit the Frog here informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio
is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
Hello.
That woman is scary.
I saw her.
Who's scary?
The ganguro.
Okay.
Oh, the two we were just looking at from Battle Royale 2?
Yeah.
Oh, OK.
No, shoot that picture.
Go back.
All right.
Show her.
Here we go.
She is scary.
She's going to be in Battle Royale 2.
She looks like Christina Aguilera.
She's what she's referred to as ganguro.
You know, the super tan, the uber blonde, and the panda makeup.
Ah.
Which, from what I understand, are now a dying breed.
So.
I've got a long time to go home.
We've got that to throw at Rob.
Say hello, we've got some new guests in the house.
Say hello to Asian Innovation.
Word up fo' shizzle, my gizzle.
How you doin'?
Doin' alright.
Could you possibly be here to promote anything tonight?
Is my microphone on? Yeah, I think it is.
Yeah, it is on.
Alright, because if yours is off, then this one's off too, and that would be bad.
Okay, so I'll turn it off.
That's right.
Are you here to promote anything tonight, by chance?
Yeah, I'm here to promote Orange Lounge.
Woo!
Definitely.
We're sponsored by Pringles Original, Potato Chris.
For you who speak Spanish, papitas cuyen tes, and three flavors, original sour cumin onion
and cheese-ums, not to confuse with Cheez-Its.
Also we are also sponsored by Kelby, shrimp flavored chips, remember they're always baked,
not fried.
They taste like Long John Silver, I don't like them.
I don't know why they're, we're sponsored by them, but we're sponsored by Propel, which
is, yeah.
We're also sponsored by Triple Black.
By Triple Black, Smirnoff Ice, which I'm going to get about ten of those later.
And the guacamole chips!
I don't even have to tell the brand, because you know how good it is.
Alright, on to the real topics.
Next week, there's going to be a tournament.
No.
Yeah, there isn't. It's off. It's cancelled. Sorry.
Haha, fooled you.
Not really. I'm serious. We're not having a tournament...
Oh, wait. I was thinking about the home run derby. My bad.
Do that again.
That's pretty kinky.
Also, we have another special guest in the house.
Many of you guys maybe have heard him before.
Give it up for...
This is Dchild, the dark child in the heezy pacheezy.
Otherwise known as MGL player number three.
Yes, he's been around longer since...
Since any of you guys were fucking playing this game.
Yeah, he's been around since 1910 and um...
I think in those days I was probably going,
What's this DDR crap? I'll play Busta Move.
Yeah, I'll remind you, he's been playing since DDR used to cost $18,000 a machine.
It's been that long.
But back on topic, yeah, it costs $18,000 a play.
Are you here promoting anything tonight? Teach out.
I'm promoting that right now I'm still most of the way single, so yeah, I'm promoting myself.
Most of the way? Who's got your other part?
Got your back cover?
Her name's Susie, but there's nothing official yet, so I don't know.
I think I still see you go.
So if you want to come on down to March Madness.
Yeah.
All right, there's a tournament coming up, March Madness.
If any of you watch NCAA college basketball, you already know the format.
If not, let me break it down for you.
It's like the WWF, 64, Hell in a Cell match.
No, not really.
This is going to be 64 people all in bracketed play.
And
basically you screw off head to head against each other. You will be seated
like the NCAA tournament.
So basically if you're from SoCal or NorCal or any other state
we're going to try to keep you guys separate from one another.
We're basically going to take your abilities
and we're going to rank you accordingly.
And every match will be one song only
and the person with more perfects will advance to the next round
and the winner must win six grueling matches
because i will make it especially tough for you
as a hint i guess i'll
there's sixty four matches i will tell you one song in the tournament you guys should
practice
practice bag
haha
no i hate that song
i'm being told about freestyle well we'll talk about freestyle
yeah ourselves
yeah uh... i'm also taking freestyle to new level i want to get some uh...
reality dvd are going
so we're basing it off american idol with the idol
uh... i have a releases yet but i will tell you guys the judges now since we're
only one week away ok let's hear it
of course you guys almost simon paula and randy
our versions of simon pollard mandy
i'll start with
randy
he is
someone that has your credentials
he's someone that has won tournaments and he's someone that uses dog in every
sentence
we can't go wrong it's melby
all yes lately i think i think we we might have a little clip of melby here
somewhere
by this will be a part of the area
That's right! That's right!
Alright, on to Paula. Some of you might know her, some of you might not.
She's a SoCal DDR player. I know Paula Abdul.
Yeah. She also goes by the handle
She also goes by the handle GoodAttackGirl. Her name is Angela.
Is she sweet?
Yeah, she is.
That's awesome.
She'll try to keep Simon in check.
Alright, many of you have been wondering, who is Simon gonna be?
Well, many people have wanted to be Simon, including our own Loki, kept begging. We got people in the chatroom begging.
But it's already been sealed, right? The deal's been sealed a long time ago, right?
Yes. You signed a deal with the devil. Basically, before the tournament even started, I secured my Simon.
Because if I would have gotten this person a Simon, I think this tournament would have been on hold.
This is someone that won't be afraid to tell you to your face that you suck shit.
He'll tell you to your face that he'll never want to see you on the DDR platform ever again.
This person will also tell you, you know,
not to ever put a quarter in the machine.
He'll tell you that you're ugly.
He'll tell you that your routine was ugly.
He'll tell you you can't dance.
He'll tell you you're the worst dancer in America.
He won't even tell you he might be the worst DDR player in the world
or even the universe.
But I don't think I'll tell you guys, because I want to keep the suspense for a week.
Oh, come on. Just a hint?
Okay, I think you guys should know. Alright, yeah, yeah, tell us.
He's none other than...
Josh, failure, be afraid.
Be very afraid.
uh... that will be fun
had your egos
all right so um...
that should be interesting something a good group of judges now
are you going to be announcing america hours that wait till the
next week
uh... so we don't
give away everything we're not going to have america announced
sounds fair
and also arm just so you know ryan seacrest uh... we're gonna have to
co-hosts
So you got Dunkleman back?
We're going to have co-hosts, so it's going to be fun.
Definitely fun.
You going to talk about who that is, or is that a surprise to you?
I think it's better if you find out next week.
Many surprises.
Yeah, you have to come to figure it out. Or if you're too far away, like if you're on the east
coast and something can't make it out here,
you have to tune in live, because we'll be broadcasting it live, and you'll find all that out, because we'll tell you.
I think all those people on the East Coast should just, you know, bite the bullet and get a plane ticket.
Ride the Amtrak, use a Greyhound, hitchhike, sell yourself to be at this tournament.
And don't worry, Sacramento doesn't really have any large skyscrapers, so you're still good.
Folsom has a dam.
What about nuclear power plants?
Uh, they shut down Rancho Sego years ago, right?
What about all the Air Force bases we have here?
Shh!
They all keep getting bought out and privatized.
Yeah.
Alright, so, are there any other things about March Madness we gotta talk about?
Oh my god, oh my god, we should bomb RBGL.
Yeah, that's the only thing you have to worry about.
I second that notion.
But, I will have to say, this is one of the tournaments that you actually want to participate in,
in because last year was so much fun I mean going through the 64 people and 32
matches who really gives a shit about the 7-10 matchup right so it ended up being
one of the most exciting matches in the first round hyperbroken versus liquid
blue it's a it's just a little blast from the past but uh what happened was
hyperbroken was the number 10 seed liquid blue was the seventh seed and
And Liquid Blue was lucky enough to get his song, La Señorita, but Hyperbroken won by
one great and everyone in the building was chanting, upset, upset.
And who could forget Chubz taking out the number one Inuan.
I think this year there's going to be much more upsets.
The way it's structured, one win all the way throughout so nothing is guaranteed.
You can get your song and run the table.
Anyways, you want to say anything? Darkshot?
I'm wondering if we're going to have our great white ninja.
I don't know. The great white ninja's in Wisconsin right now. It's kind of hard to get a ninja, you know, magically appear here.
Well, I have been asked to let it be known to the Asian innovation that the Caucasian innovation, 23rd Magus,
will do a max unlimited routine, a DDR idol.
Be prepared to have your statements on video tape.
Let it be known.
Alright, by the way, we will be producing a DVD eventually with this tournament, so
if you guys miss it, you will be able to relive all the moments again with commentary.
I'm on DVD. I'm on DVD. Sweet.
Trust me, this'll be just like Jackass.
Hey, could my double-trick paranoia routine be a special feature?
Yeah, baby, yeah.
This is how Dick Vitale does it. Yeah, baby, yeah!
Maybe we should get the bats.
Yeah, maybe Jamie and I will do a reprise of our Miggle II routine. That'll be fun.
and
we're trying to give a little side thing we do like the bake sale was a big hit
it's after trying to get a sighted Twinkies
and we're thinking it's which
we're just gonna sell fried Twinkies the hell with everything else to be a fried
Twinkie sale I don't know no I don't even know if that's gonna happen we'll
see
we're trying to figure out something cute that we drive Twinkies
One very cool thing that's going to be run on the side of March Madness is a 2DX tournament.
I believe, am I not correct, this is NorCal's first big 2DX tournament, correct?
I think so, yeah.
I think so.
So the very first 2DX tournament will be this weekend.
And guess what?
We're going to announce the qualifying songs here live, but we'll do that after the FUs.
You want to do it right now?
Right now?
Alright, let's talk about it.
Now, what's funny about this, only like four people in the whole world know about the 2DX
qualifiers right now.
Mike doesn't even know.
It's his dang tournament, the March Madness, but he doesn't know.
But you're going to be competing in 2DX, right?
Yes, I will.
All right, so it would be good to get some reactions from some contestants here live
on air.
So let's talk about what those qualifiers are going to be.
All right, here we go.
I gotta bring them up, so fill time.
Tell us more about how the 2DX tournament will work, Jamie.
You hit the keys,
and turn the slidey thing,
and you make a song.
That's how 2DX works.
Really, the way it's going to work is qualifiers are going to have two songs
that they have to play, higher score moves on, basically.
And the rest of it's going to go like that. However, for anyone who went to Shaft,
the rest of the tournament is going to work very much like Shaft worked, where we have the
categories with the songs.
and the categories by the way
in our minds they're associated with the songs they may not necessarily be that
way in your mind
uh... and uh...
it's going to be challenging
we can put it that way it's going to be challenging
but it's uh... it'll be it'll be a fun tournament and
i don't think anyone's going to walk away from that being
really unsatisfied
unless you start qualifying to be another
we're not going to get that
It might get harder though in the later rounds. Definitely would get harder in the later rounds.
But we're not going to say anything about that.
What about squeezing crotch?
Dude, this ferret, these noises he's making. You have to squeeze his crotch to make these noises.
I'd be making noises if someone squeezed my crotch.
Last week on Orange Lounge.
We don't do those anymore, you know?
I got lazy, so I stopped doing those flashback clicks.
And yes, we will be announcing qualifiers here in just a second. I'm just queuing some stuff up.
I'll do them when we get in our new place. I'll make them evil.
And we're sponsored by Pringles.
I'm sponsored by Propel and the letter Z.
I thought that was what they said about sex.
Once you pop it. Yeah, you don't stop it.
Too bad these Pringles taste like shit.
Yeah, actually sex tastes like shit too depending on what kind you do
Dude, I don't know who you're having sex with it should it taste like that
well depends on how you
Wrong end
That was a cartoon too
We have an unpaid sponsor now www.rotten.com
www.styleproject.com
Followed by, oh I should say deadline 7 key, followed by the safari light 7.
Alright that's the first pair, deadline and safari light 7. The second pair that you can pick from is air flow 7 key.
That song sucks.
Sorry, I pulled these really quickly.
And the partner song to that is Kotei wo Muteo from 6th- I'm sorry, Kotei wo Muteo from 6th
Style.
Okay, I know I'm not going to be picking that pair.
Third pair that you can pick from, this is the third pair, is Cheer Train.
The hell is Cheer Train?
Okay, and that's partnered with Abyss
And the third pair is Indigo Vision
one. And that's partnered with Spooky. The last pair is Alien World. Well, that's an
It's an easy one, but it's partnered with Rizlim.
So there they are.
Those are the qualifying songs for the 2DX tournament.
What the fuck is Cheer Train?
You want to hear Cheer Train one more time?
Was that a side quest of Final Fantasy VIII?
No, it's from 7th Style.
I'll play some of those during the breaks so you can get refreshed with those songs.
Yes, songs were kind of picked on purpose, half songs people play and half people don't
play. Let me run down those one more time. These are the pairs you can pick from to qualify
with for the 2DX Tournament of March Madness. First pair are Deadline, Seven Key, and Safari,
Light Seven. Second pair is Airflow, and pronounce that for me because I'm too white.
Where?
Uh...
Thank you very much.
p0k3smot42o I can pass half of those songs and the other half I can't pass
p0k3smot42o Which one is the one with your train?
p0k3smot42o Abyss
p0k3smot42o I failed Abyss with a vengeance today, I got a 12 on it
Okay, so, hooray for that.
As promised, during this segment we would get to the FUs of the Week, so if we're done
talking about March Madness now, you guys done?
Is there anything else we need to say about March Madness?
Okay well let's do the FUs of the Week, and you know, since Asian Innovation and Dark
Your child has never been here for the Effie's of the Week, Jamie, why don't you explain
to them how it works?
Busy opening my propel, fuck you.
Um, oh wait, um, that is exactly it.
Fuck yous of the week are where you talk about shit you're pissed off about.
That's it.
Anything that you want to give a fuck you to, just tell them right now on the air.
They may not be listening, but oh well, it feels better to get it out.
I fucking hate the fucking gas prices fucking going on fucking right now.
You gotta wait your turn.
You gotta wait your turn.
Fuck!
So, with that being said, let's get started, shall we, Jamie?
This is fucked up.
My first lecture of the week goes for being unemployed, but also being unemployed is a
good thing because my life is much more enjoyable since I can go wake up at two in the afternoon
and go to Scandinavia, play 2DX for three hours, and then go back home and sleep.
My car is still not being tuned up, although they're doing everything they can.
I'm being patient about it.
But, um, it's been a while, okay? It's just been a while.
Um, also it goes toward people who can't drive.
And it goes toward, um, the particular exit from the Boston Market parking lot.
So you can see the light.
And for the woman who looked like a troll.
You remember her?
Oh yeah, she looked kind of funny.
The woman in the white car who...
I seriously thought...
You've seen that movie Troll, right?
She looked like Troll.
Except she was not great.
She was going to live under a bridge.
Yeah, she was driving through a bridge.
And then my other Bucky goes toward...
Toward not being able to get anything else to say about you two.
I wasn't going to say it.
Hire me! Thank you.
There's a big huge, like, knot in the cord here. I mean, we're talking, like, massive knot here.
That's a f*** you. That is a big huge knot.
If you didn't rob for keeping his cords all knotted. Of course, I can't really say much about that because you should see it on my computer.
It's like a giant, massive cord.
anyways uh...
and i had only a
at the mcdonald's for putting their breaking uh... condiments and everything
under the cheese
i was sure i don't like people that i thought you know
cheeseburgers
if i never asked for him to take off because i think that the time in their
slow as it is
so this dumb bitch with it
fucking people underneath
where you can i get at people's because they're under the season melted over
enough
So, it pissed me off because I was biting into the hamburger, and at first I looked at it and go,
Oh look, no pickles on this!
And they didn't put any condiments. I bite into it, taste pickle, and get pissed.
So, you're so stupid, you can't even- you fucked up a burger!
How easy is that?
Fucking a bur-
Put the shit together!
You're fucking a burger?
They're fucking a burger!
They're fucking up a burger!
Well, that explains a lot.
What the hell?
You were complaining, I fixed it.
Fuck you two, uh, microphones are already low.
Your remix, uh, Darksacker, that's not coming along because it's just, I don't know, not good.
I feed him aim for having a headache. I don't know what's coming from. I don't know.
damn you know it sucks because i was really angsty earlier this morning but then after
hearing that miyazaki's uh screwed away one i just kind of forgot about everything
uh i guess we could just cover the regular stuff gas print oh oh oh this is this is a major one
fb did a stupid war in cnn for cutting in on my favorite favorite stations i don't give a
fuck about watching an explosion that happened six hours ago numerous times all day long look
it's bombing look there's bombing going on no shit what do you think they're
doing over there having a rave having a party is everyone getting along i don't
care about your fucking bombing and seeing the little explosion if i wanted
to see explosions i'd watch fireworks you know it's stupid and i don't give a
crap about half the stuff they have on there yahoo news now there's like the
print is so small because there's so many stupid you know headlines on there
I can't read any of it. It's like, uhhh, soldiers, something, something. It's annoying. I just really wish. If I wanted to watch 24 hour news, I'd tune in to CNN. I don't want CNN on another station because I'm trying to watch, you know, some other show like American Idol or something like that.
p0k3smot42o
That sucks.
F you to being tired.
I got tired way too easy the other...
I got tired way too easy last night.
I'm feeling old.
I wasn't even drunk.
There's no excuse for that.
And F you to Anita.
Wink wink nudge nudge.
Just like I did at faces, baby.
Okay, I'm older than you, and if you feel older than me, then you suck.
F that.
Alright, moving on.
Let's go around the room.
Who wants to start?
there was zero
my baby's mama
i'm not even saying anything
but about
watching fireworks bombs are really really big fireworks
that blow up people's houses and buildings
but i didn't see any bodies flying in the air nothing happening there
like earlier today they just had a picture of the night sky there
no no hold on hold on
hear that in the distance there's bombing going on
where we can't see it! But we're still showing the goddamn city! Who cares? Turn it off!
Do some other news! I'm sure there's something else happening in the world other than the
stupid bombing. You know, everything's stopped. Just for the bombing.
No, but I gotta, like, the only thing I really like about watching those is when they make
you listen to all the gunfire and all the stuff, you know somebody's dying somewhere,
or someone just got blown up, and that's the coolest part about the world.
news showed the caravan and then they showed camels and goats following following the tanks
yeah after some stupid fucking guy says yeah we see camels out here and they're very distressed
it's like whatever but anyways back to my fus one i have an fu two well kind of war related
there's a stupid guy in the uk and i know he's listening stop sending me fucking yeah or ims
over MSN messenger telling me to go on busy for 15 minutes to like grieve the 15 UK soldiers
who died. I'm not going to go on a 15 minute busy every damn 15 fucking minutes. You know,
you might be an absolute sort of stupid loser and who the hell cares. Get a life and get
off the internet and go do something. Oh my god. Say that again. Well because Dreamcatcher
Well, because Dreamcatcher told me that British people are aliens anyways.
Giant worm aliens. They're shit weasels. They fly out of your ass.
Like Sam Cassell.
Yeah.
My other F.U. is to my computer. I just got a new webcam, and it'll install it, and then give me a fucking warning every damn time I try to open a stupid program.
Give me your webcam. You can have mine.
If it works, I mean, mine's just stupid.
Yeah, okay, well I might have to re-install the whole thing, but anyways, um, another F.U. is to like, the friggin', whatchya call it, like, not having money sucks, but I got money yesterday though, so I'm okay with that.
Um, an F.U. is to the stupid bastard who decided it'd be a good idea to take off the damn yard sale signs at my mom's yard sale, so I had to go and fucking put up all ten of them again.
And if I ever see you again, because I know who you are, I swear to God I will kill you.
Another F.U. is to the stupid shrimp chips, because they're too addicting and they make me sick. What?
Sponsored by Kelby.
That's all I really got right now. Oh yeah, stupid.
Fuck you to the stupid Road to Perdition getting the best cinematog- just winning for cinematography.
It should have gone to the games of New York because they actually did really well and that's all I got to say, Sanda.
Why? One last thing, you are cool.
Alright, first off, I want to give some fuck yous out to everyone that is listening. Thank you very, very much.
Alright, the next fuck you goes out to the tomahawk missiles, the cruise missiles, and the patriot missiles.
Each missile costs us about one to two million each. We're launching billions of missiles on the air atmosphere
You know all that money that we've been spending on these fucking missiles could be going to the Somalians
So we can be feeding the Somalians give them the food and building future terrorists, you know
So what I think we're killing two birds in one store right now, aren't we?
alright
Yeah, yeah my next fuck you goes out to Windows XP
Today, I was trying to install a pirated copy of Windows XP, but I tried to get a Windows update, and it won't let me because it was pirated.
What the fuck? Why would I even?
I got a corporate version for you if you want it.
Alright, uh, fuck you to Professional Windows XP. Amen to the corporate versions.
Alright, fuck, okay, my next fuck you goes out to all these people on the freeway to that speed that don't know how to drive.
Cuz on my way to Sacramento today, I was stuck in traffic. No, not because traffic was slow
But because some idiots decided to get into a car accident
Yes, they did decide to get into it cuz they were driving probably 150 miles an hour in a 70 zone
But it's alright cuz they're on stretchers now and they're feeling the pain
Intense, don't be stupid
Let me see, what is my next fuck you go to? I had it a second ago. Oh come back to me
I'll pass it on until I get it back
I'm gonna use this mic cuz it's a bit better I got a lot of fuck yous first
off fuck you to all your stupid high horse prissy little DDR players that
make fun of all those people who are just beginning or you think are just
beginning I know who you motherfuckers are you guys were laughing at me when I
was playing you have no idea who the hell I am I'm coming after you fools
next big fuck you I'm gonna get a lot of shit for this fuck you President Bush
Bush. Fuck you and this goddamn war. Spending $400 billion on this goddamn war. $161 billion
would solve all the problems with our education system. Fuck you, Bush. Or free the Somalians.
Another big fuck you involved in the war. Fuck you, American media, and all your goddamn
We're the media. We're indie, not American press. Indie press is cool. I ain't got nothing
against them. Let's see, what other big fuck yous?
Yeah, media needs to just stop telling us that they know shit, but then say, oh, but
we don't know that for sure. Whatever happened to that shuttle crash that,
I don't know, took place a while back and then all of a sudden, oh, hey, war!
What ever happened to, uh, what was that guy's name again? Um, what was it? Osama Bin Laden.
Where's he? But anyways, another big fuck you. Gas prices.
What about stories about how ugly Rosie O'Donnell is? Why don't I see those anymore?
Because the lesbians gave up on that one.
And did Michael Jackson just stop molesting kids all of a sudden, you know? Huh?
And, uh, we've tried so hard to get Rosie O'Donnell out of her mind, so yeah.
You know what's funny about this whole thing? They're never going to catch Sadam. He's just going to slip through again, and we're going to have this all in like another ten years, all over again.
I think that he exists in a virtual reality.
Osama bin Laden's hand is up Sadam's ass, that's where he is.
Sadam's been dead for twenty years, how many of you guys know that? He's been using one of those doubles.
But he has a live journal.
So there's one post, because there's one computer that's actually connected to the internet.
Good job!
Okay, another fuck you. I don't remember your name. I don't remember what you look at.
It was at Asian Innovations' birthday party. You showed up uninvited, but with Hyperbroken.
You're not beef against HyperBroken. HyperBroken, you're cool, alright?
But this motherfucker, tall ass, lanky white dude, he's about six foot three, you might know who he is.
Oh shit, it's Brad.
I only know his call name, I'm sorry.
But this motherfucker, alright, I send money out with HyperBroken to pick up some drinks.
That does not mean this motherfucker can then go and spend some of my goddamn money on his own personal drink.
That's what tall, lanky-ass white boy did.
If you know who he is, let me know. I want to find his ass. He still owes me two bucks.
Mother fuck you.
Fuck you to the people who are unemployed and can go to bed and stay asleep till two in the goddamn afternoon.
I envy all you guys, so fuck you.
But I want to have a job, because I need money.
I'm not getting unemployment.
Oh, that sucks.
I could, but I'm not, because my man makes enough to support us both, which is enough.
But...
Hey, tell someone to hire me!
Alright.
Chat room is demanding we get to their FUs, so here we go.
Fuck you!
Fuck the chat room FUs for breaking up my fuck you.
Oh, were you done? Did you have anything else you wanted to add?
Fuck you to crazy ass women giving us double signals.
One minute they hot what bit if they cold you don't know what the fuck is going on
At 22
Exactly all right
I got a fuck you to Sacramento because
Because I cannot find a pink anywhere when you need money you cannot find a pink anywhere on the road
Who do you think at Wells Fargo?
Jesus go to any store go to this. There's a safe way up the street. They have their 24 hours. They have Wells Fargo
Okay, based on my last fuck you about women, I'm sorry Susie, if you're listening somehow, I didn't mean it.
poppin' into the chatroom right when Angel leaves, FU to not having a routine for Mt. Mikes
er, Mt. Mikes, March Madness
I keep thinking M.M. means Mt. Mikes
FU to having two essays due tomorrow and not having started, oh my god what the fuck
DarkTartuya says, F U 2 being single still. Someone date me dammit!
I think that's it. Are you a male or a female?
Male. Oh, never mind.
Arkadian42 says, F U 2 my body for being in bad shape this week. I started out with a
sore throat, then developed into a cold, then went away, then came back. Also, my left foot
hurt at the beginning of the week, and then stopped hurting, and now my right foot hurts.
It also kept me from getting anything accomplished this week, since I didn't want to go out at all.
Fuck you to tailgaters who can't see that you can't move up any farther in traffic. Fucking idiots.
That reminds me of a fuck you.
Fuck you, goddamn pneumonia.
Once you get rid of a cold, this motherfucker kicks in, and it doesn't go away.
Fuck you to bad Chinese immigration.
FU2, or I'm sorry, a sub-discipline says he's angsty this week, so a big fat fuck you goes out to all the people at Fry's for not having metal pads when I really wanted them and had the money to buy them.
I call, they say they have them, I get there, and they're like, oh, you mean the metal ones? We don't have those anymore. So fuck them for being fucking retarded cousin humping cock gobblers.
Also, fuck you to my current pads for sucking so much. I can't pass any Oni's on these fucking steaming piles of monkey do that have arrows scrawled on them. Fuck those, fuck those poo pads.
I- that's cool.
That's almost as cool as ass meat.
No, you missed this one, fuck those poohpads.
Also fuck my new shoes for not being dusty and frip and shite.
I get like 47 grates on Metsuuri Japan yesterday and that's too many.
I miss my old DCs because they weren't flaming pieces of lemur shit.
I could PA about as well as a mouse-finker now.
It's okay. I'm gonna have more, so you have to promise to at least enter one of my upcoming ones.
Fuck all the haircutters in my city for doing a lousy ass job every time I get a haircut.
Fuck the mall for throwing you out for just carrying a skateboard.
Fuck my dad for bitching about me doing stuff that I didn't do, plain and simple.
No, screw my dad one.
Oops.
Oops.
Fuck the pop and music nonstop for making me get one good three times in a row.
Fuck you for being that shitty.
Justin Serkis says, F you to my mom for making me come home from Orange Lounge early.
F you to the troll lady too.
Oh, and f you to kids meals for not making me any less hungry at Boston Market
F you to my Shenmue backpack for being small
F you to the guy who is riding his bike in the middle of the road around the place to turn into scandia
That guy was so stupid
He was in the middle of Madison on a bike in the middle crossing traffic for no reason
What a moron and that and he looked like a troll too. You should have gotten another kids meal. Maybe you would have felt better
FU to AOL and I'll leave it at that. FU to dumb people, FU to stupid kids at CGL.
Alright, I have a fuck you. Fuck you for all these kids. There are probably twelve to fifteen
that are thinking that AOL is the only way you can connect to the internet.
Big fuck you to all you kids who post comments saying fuck you to other kids when you're
a kid yourself.
Fuck you to freaking AOL for ruining the whole theme to the Six Million Dollar Man.
You suck.
Their new commercial is the Six Million Dollar Man theme.
They fucked it up.
See, I don't watch TV, so I don't know these things.
I still have AOL, but that's just because I don't want to get rid of my Doc's chocolate
milk.
I have the sentimental attachment I've had that theme for like nine years now.
Fuck you to war if you can even call it that. It's more like an assault, saying it's how Iraq can't do shit. They've got like three anti-aircraft water balloons and a Nerf gun. Who cares? Saddam gasses his own people, all those people suck dick, so fuck them too.
Yeah, fuck that shit.
One thing about that, BBC.com has actually a really good breakdown of what the average quality of life is as far as what people make, how much things cost.
They wear pink scarves, goddammit!
I just kinda, I mean, I understand what they think the reasons are. My brother's actually in the Marines, over in Kuwait right now.
Are you gonna trust the media that's ran by Tony Blair?
Well, apart from that, though, I mean, you could go look anywhere and find the same stats.
But, um, I find it very funny that the average doctor makes $45 a month.
Whereas, how much does the average doctor make per month?
They maybe make $45 a half hour.
As for old Tony Blair, I really don't like him, but I do like the fact that he was right up there with this raid to go to war with this one.
Uh, you know, Iraq doesn't really exist. It's just a giant pool for all the money, you know, that Bush is spending right now to go to the Area 51 and Alien Project things.
Really, this whole war does not exist. It's a big, giant cover-up.
You heard it here first!
Yeah, I think he's trying to compensate for something.
It's actually all taking place in a studio in New Mexico.
Alright, I wanna give a fuck you out to France, Montreal and Quebec.
First of all, yeah, it's not French fries anymore, it's American fries, and call everything
Freedom Fries and American toast.
Oh, you mean French fries aren't French?
They're Belgian.
They're from Belgium.
Okay, about France real quick, how can we say, fuck you, because they were going to
just go against one of our security resolutions that we proposed.
I mean, come on, the U.S. has vetoed over 24 U.S. resolutions that were going to reprimand
Israel for what they've done to the Palestinians, and we get pissed off because of one veto.
How about Calvin, uh, Quete de Merde?
Head of shit.
Speaking of head of state, that's gonna be a good movie.
I'm getting so hot, I'm gonna be fine.
I'm looking at a picture that Jazz posted in the chatroom, it's all greats on Happy
Wedding in that queue.
That'll get you a C, yeah, interesting.
Alright, anyway, let's finish up the FUs.
Not done yet.
Mannequin Ego Jazz says, F you to having no money because now I can't go to March Madness.
Christ, man, you need to get up here somehow.
And now I'm going to jump the bandwagon, F.U. to being single.
I'm white, what do you expect, babe?
That's it. Oh, I have to check the mailbag, but as far as I know that's it, so...
Does DDRHolic have something?
Once again, continuing F.U. to the DDR Extreme Roulette system.
God dammit!
Fucking A, every fucking time I do roulette, I get one away from Legend of Max, and you taunt me with your god damn shifting!
It goes to Legend of Max, and it's like, HAH! You can't have that! You can have 2D Chaser Morning Mix instead, asshole!
So, F you through the freaking roulette system.
Alright, I could go on and on with fuck yous for the whole entire night.
If anyone wants to hear the rest of my fuck yous, you can catch me on AIM under DarkChild999, that's C-H-Y-L-D-E-999,
or on Yahoo on dchild999, or on ICQ at 110960221. Or you can email me at darkchild999 at hotmail
dchild999 at Yahoo, jwilson at wowedy.net, wilsonjason at acmsystems.com, and I could
go on and on, but that's enough.
I wonder if I should make a Bomani Player Singles page on my website. That would be
I want to give a fuck you out to Singular Wireless for only having reception when your phone is off.
I don't know why what you said just gave me flashbacks to that thing posted on DDR Freak that J-Dog posted.
The hi please date me thing.
J-Dog sucks.
Fuck you, J-Dog. Fuck you, Jason Ko.
Care to elaborate on that as long as we're going to be controversial here?
Fuck you for being a whiny little bitch because some people made fun of your little slide-slide-slide AM3P routine, made fun of it, had a good time, and you had a little hissy fit about it. Oh, poor baby.
Address those cards and letters to D.
Alright. G-town, yeah, yeah. We already gave up.
Okay, so, I think we're finally done. Is everybody feeling a little less angsty now that we were able to get that off?
I'm still angsty, I'm female!
You didn't have any FUs, dear holly, do you have anything you want to say?
She's playing with the ferret.
One more, this one's a big one.
Fuck you, U.S. Army, for still having me under obligation until August 23rd.
I pray this war doesn't go bad.
Eek!
Alright, we're gonna take-
We can put you on a boat in the cargo hold and send you to Taiwan.
We're going to take a quick break and we'll be back.
And when we come back from the break.
Cheer train.
What?
Cheer train.
Oh, you want to cheer train this.
This is great.
Just for.
We want dancer.
Dancer.
Anything else?
Dancer and that's it?
Dancer and cheer train?
And...
Dude, play Paranoia Clean Mix.
Alright, I'll see what I can dig up for you guys.
Uh...
No, play old stuff.
Some old stuff after dancer?
Yeah, old stuff.
Alright, some old school stuff after dancer, and then we'll be back to talk about shit.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Run out, I'm not fucking with you, I'm not fucking with you, I'm not fucking with you,
Jojo, D.M.O. Rocka, the King. Jojo, D.M.O. Rocka.
Roll the tape!
Now
Now
Now
Now
Now
What the hell?
Let's go!
Come on, come on, come on!
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Fuck you
And the sun is shining
Jeff one, Jeff one
When I come down, I come down right to the sun
And right down, you're right down the bend
But I'm the loudest, who's my ghost in love?
Tipped to the surface, got to the best, calm down, yeah
Keep the head, nevertheless I'm the best of the best
Get to the feelin', I'm stickin' the pose until nobody knows
When I come, I'm runnin' from the ground to the head, no sound
Yeah, get right down to a dip
I said one, two, three, four, c'mon y'all, I get all this more
Can't write down, look right down a chair I was round and round, stoop like a finger
Come down, come down, sweet banana Get to the beaver
I'm kickin' the floor, go to it right down a hill
This is a ride when I kick it to the floor
Come down, come down, sweet banana
Never the less I'm impressed at the best
Move it to two
Orange Lounge Radio, we put your thing down, flip it, and reverse it.
Hi, you're listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
We're back.
Looks like you got horse crack.
More derby again?
Yeah.
And my voice is pretty.
So there's all new Bamani CDs or Bamani-related CDs coming out, I thought we could talk about
a few of them.
Loki, you might know more about this than I do, but I mean, the chat room's kind of
been talking about this guy on and off tonight, and I thought maybe we'd bring him up.
The Koutimou guy?
Yeah.
Yeah, he's got a CD coming out.
You can sync up your VBMS to the Catimo V. And it works! It works!
It feels cool. The one that you were playing over last night had them doing butterfly, but you can hear the background music. I think that's how they do it.
He just did at least 100 seconds and some other one, I forget, with some other song.
Rob, you should play that.
I tried to find them all.
We have dead air space.
Dead air space.
We can't really find the continuous stuff right now.
Maybe we'll look and see if we can get it later.
What's new at the nice farmer's market?
karaoke night
you want to see you want to serenade us with some ddr karaoke
sing for us in ddr
you want some background music i don't know if i know the words to anything
oh
aye aye aye and your little butterfly
green black and blue paint like flowers in the sky
aye aye aye
and he just voiced the game
Let's wait for D.W.I. to come out for that.
innovation's turn. I remember we used to have some kind of really good butterfly
rethink that we did for it. I don't think he remembers it though.
Yeah, I can, I guess. I can't sing anything on a singer, though.
I can see the star, cause I'm in the sky. Wherever you are, I'm gonna see you fry.
That was perfect.
Okay, if you want something Japanese?
What?
We have ferret mix.
I'm gonna die.
Sounds kind of like, when that parrot when it makes that like really like freaky sound,
it's like, sounds kind of like corn-holio.
See if I can get it.
No, that's the sneeze.
No, that's the sneeze.
That's the sneeze.
That freaky sound sounds kind of like Cornholio.
Let's see if I can get it. No, that's the sneeze. No, that's not it either.
I keep messing with this thing because it's not saying the right thing.
No.
There it is. Damn, Cornholio!
Alright, am I playing this other Kootemu clip here that we wanted to hear?
beautiful
dude that shit rocks
that's the first time I heard that
so is it true this guy's got a CD coming out or what's the deal with this
it's not really a CD he just makes
supposed CDs but they're just a bunch of MP3's that he has
uh... he's doing like a non-stop of his songs and he's doing
some new ones I forget what was on the list of stuff to be done
uh... if you could pull up our forums again
We can check that because I actually wrote it down on there.
Come on, come on.
All right.
Buy one.
Hold on.
Oh.
Oh.
It's actually not.
But let's see here.
Oh, shit.
I can't remember offhand what he was doing.
There's some good ones.
Ow.
Think I lost it from BeatMania, if I remember correctly.
Um.
Right.
Ah, shit.
Let me see here.
Doo-doo-doo-doo.
The meat bar.
Meat bar.
Snickers bar.
Uh.
uh...
let's see he was gonna be doing ok here's a major axis you're doing
he's gonna be doing a uh...
was another version
of t t r i guess i was i have no idea
i think
i think that's a dance dance revolution song though
only one uh...
or the bus on
then he's gonna be doing why thirty one
and he's also doing butterfly
some of the other tracks coming out soon so yeah that's it Wow and his new CD the
power of mouth which also will be a pack of DWI is coming out soon maybe the
power of mouth sounds like it an erotic title I know it sounds like pretty yeah
that's that should have been one of those rejected erotic songs yeah we
talked about a couple weeks ago and then I was listening but speaking of CD
re-releases, uh, DanceMania is putting out a whole shitload of albums this month. Yeah,
believe it or not. Well, there's no, there's actually, no, the last one that came out was
DanceMania EX2 was the last one that came out in the actual DanceMania line, but a lot
of the sister compilations, uh, well, let's think, let's think. Okay. There's been 10
There were nine plus another nine, eighteen, where all the X's and the ones without the
X.
And then...
Right.
Okay, so there's twenty, okay, right, yeah, there's twenty, and then two more, twenty-four,
you're right.
I want the disco groove one, oh my god!
Okay.
So, anyone, these are the new ones that are coming out very soon, or are already out in
Japan, they're just not over here yet.
I want the freaking festive hardcore.
Okay, there's Base Eleven Hyper Best, which is...
Any samples?
Huh?
I don't think there's any samples for this one, I...
Oh, there's one.
Where?
Where's a sample?
Oh, never mind.
No, it wasn't a sample.
It has my baby mama on it, so you know this is more of like a best.
There's Like A Virgin and Billie Jean.
Oh, God.
Best of Hardcore.
Speed presents the best of hardcore.
Now that has to be mine.
It starts off with Triple J, Follow the Sun, and then goes into some other tracks, Let
it Be, Time After Time, 99 Red Balloons, Heaven, Here Come the Noise.
And then we have Transmania 3, it has all sorts of interesting stuff, it has a group
called the Porn Kings on it.
Cool, I like them already.
And then of course, one more time we get, last go is something, geez, Dance Revolution
extreme the official soundtrack just came out on the 26th and March 26 oh yeah
how's it going see you Rob get your chronology correct I you know cuz I
said that because I thought I had heard reports that it was released this week
no hooray so I guess maybe the official soundtrack was just leaked this week
that's more like it uh ddr no dance mania disco groove comes out and it's just basically
a bunch of rehash songs hooray that's the way let's get down wonderland a minute sky
high can't take my eyes off of you all these songs we've heard on a million other dance
mania cds i want and it has my fire again it has my fire on it twice gimme no no it
was just once i'm sorry gimme you gotta go to dance mania and get some i don't care my
birthday six months someone buy that for me all right that comes out on the
twenty-ninth and what's this disco party too I guess it's a video disco party so
it's disco relays replacing para para something is that why they got all these
new videos and check them out how the disco you shake your ass
said I found a video on was called how to discos kind of scared me filled in
the 70s like some old white dude was trying to show people disco it was just
crazy it was on style project I need to download that I'm actually downloading
the battle battle royale but I'm trying to find a special edition online because
I need a special edition I need you know extra scenes of death that's it someone
Someone needs to do a music video to battle royale
and then
do um
for the song is always look on the bright side of life
you know
not to like you know travel back in time here
but um
i don't know DWI contest
we just kind of
forgot about
speaking shit on this. I've got enough stuff to do with Rain website and doing god knows
weather stuff.
Does the TVWI contest, does that involve alcohol?
For StepMania, we are having a contest where pick a TV song, not a remixed version, not
a long version, just a TV theme song and make steps for it.
We have one for Mr. Rogers, and it's kind of, uh, stupid.
I personally want to see one for two stupid dogs.
You've seen two stupid dogs, right?
That shit was cool.
I want one for two stupid dogs, and for Freaky Soy.
I made one for Funky Brewster.
It's so slow to do it in double speed
No, she's not she got her reduction
She looked pretty hot in the in the pumpkinhead movies though
Okay, first of all
I want to know what you think is more attractive having really huge boobs and walking with a hunch or
having
Not as big boobs, but still big and walking upright
Wait, this is where you think you're gonna get me but you're wrong. I didn't say big boobs at all
I said she got boobs firm breasts are what's good firm breasts are the greatest
I don't care if they have to be huge or what but firm firm breasts or what is awesome. Okay?
If I'm allowed to touch them, it doesn't matter
Loki, were you breastfed as a baby, or not?
Wasn't practically everyone on the face of the earth, pretty much.
No.
We'll see, we know how you...
Yeah.
Are you an 80's child?
I was, and my mom used cloth diapers.
I was a natural child.
I'm sorry...
I was told I was breastfed, but I refused it.
I'm sorry but my sister they tried to breastfeed her and she was allergic to
natural milk so it would make her sick how does that suck like a baby like um
basically when it comes to a girl I don't want knee slappers you know I want
to sit where they're supposed to sit.
down to your knees.
I don't want you looking like some freaking huge freak with these giant breasts that look
like god knows what.
And I also don't want you looking like a little boy, so uh...
No, Bellaboy!
In J-Cups!
No, no, the ones that are really scary, the ones that have like these gigantic breasts
and they are firm, but they're so ungodly huge that it's freakish.
That's weird.
No, I think what's weird is when you have those chicks with like the super huge, I mean
like double F triple F whatever and then they have the super tiny nipples like
super tidy boy nipples that is scary no but like look you would say about like
the whole firm and big thing you don't want them to look like that punching bag
game at scandia you just want to walk up and just get like a full swig and just
sock em or something and this my channel presents the brand new double o size bra
but no it's weird though is like okay cuz I took these I took a picture with
these two chicks when we went to the easy rider bike show and they're like
some of the models anywhere they basically they for the pictures they sit
in your lap which is really sweet but their breasts were like up against my
chest it it's just like felt weird because it was like unnaturally firm it
was like not rocks but like it's like dirt there these like um balls I've seen
where they're kind of like you know those inflatable beach ball type things
But they're like, they're a little bit firm, but it feels like an over-inflated beach ball.
I think they need to have their sailing changed.
Yeah.
All right, what I think is incredibly stupid is there's these, and they're mostly novelty
models, it's true.
This was a lot back when I was still in high school watching Geraldo or something, one
of those talk shows.
And they had these women on there who had had their chest enlarged to G size and up.
seriously each boob was like the size of a small country it was like the size of
they could have dropped those boobs on Iraq not quite as big as quit I'm
thinking more like like Dixon sign but they were you know you think they're
They're going to need back braces when they're 50.
What if they made their spine out of steel?
If they had their spine out of steel, then maybe that might work.
Usually I would be surprised that y'all could talk about for breasts for so long, but then
I remember what show I'm on.
Don't you have a fascination with boobs?
are interesting. I wouldn't want them for myself. But yeah, boobs are funny. Boobs are
the punchline to a good joke. Knock knock, who's there? Boobs! Sweet. On that note, why
don't we get to this week's cage match? What do you guys think? I won last week. What's
It's a cage match.
We pick songs.
I'm sorry, I'm a noob.
Not me!
I'm day off.
Anyway, the cage match is where we each pick a song, and since we've been into it, one
of us will have won last week, so our song remains over.
So the other two people will bring in a new song, and chat room votes on what they think
is the best song, but we go around and rate it, sort of, you know, American Idol style.
You know, usually with our generous person here, the bipolar person here, and the super
cynic.
So, yeah, cynic, you.
And then our chat room gets to vote, and we vote after all the songs we've played.
And I'm special because I won last week, but they hated my song from the week before so
we voted it off the island and I picked a new one.
So...
Alright, so we're getting to this week?
Alright, real quick.
Yes.
Fuck you with obscure survivor references.
So uh, like um, yeah I've got my track and everything, but I've got two, so do you guys
want to hear a house track, or a trance track?
A house track, or a trance?
A trance.
Do you want to let the chatroom decide, or do you want to let us decide?
We have either a sort of disco-y, but really hardhouse track, or we've got opera trance.
How about you use one this week and use the other one next week?
Fine!
Fine!
Fine!
We get opera trance.
While Loki shows me where the opera trance song is, why don't you listen to a clip of
last week's winner because we only play we only play a clip of the one that won
last week because you're already hearing it on the station because it won so last
week in the cage match Jamie brought to us a song by a group called beatbox and
they do this trance cover of a song called what a wonderful world give it a
try
Don't you watch the brightest, blessed days, the dark, sacred nights, and things in my face.
What a wonderful world
It's the vocal club mix, it's actually a little bit different than the one that you might have seen
Bamani Ruhler's edit for, it's more vocals in it, and it's Opera Trance featuring Emma Sheplin.
Alright, enjoy, this is Loki's pick. The title one more time?
Spente Lestalle.
Spente Lestalle, or if you just want to vote for it, you can call it Opera Trance.
But remember, you can't vote until we've played all three songs, so here's the opera trance song.
When you're with me
You are never there to see
Even if you go
La dónde, la dónde, la dónde dónde
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
All right, that was Spente Listele from Opera Trance.
And by the way, that song is also on Dance Mania 20.
Did you know that?
Yeah, it is.
Anyway, yeah, it's kind of neat.
So good night.
Okay, so here we go. What do you guys think of that? Go around the room.
It's cool and I liked it once it picked up. I'd give it an 8.
I like it. I'd give it a 9. I like opera stuff like that.
It reminds me of techno mafia music, so I'd give it a 10.
I second that of techno mafia stuff. I'd give it a 10 as well.
I was severely disappointed so much I gave it a 10.
it was okay seven okay I have a little bit of backstory to my pick because I
know I'm gonna get shit for this but I don't care because everybody tells me
everybody tells me I never can pick a song that wins so I figure fine I'm
gonna go over the deep end this week but I'm I decided that you know everybody
says oh you gotta pick something from sci-fam that's how you're gonna win this
He picked something from PsyFam, so I told, I asked JB,
Oh, give me a song from PsyFam that's sure to win it, and he said,
You know what, Rob? This song's very you, and I think you'll like it.
So I'm gonna, uh, put this in the cage mess tonight.
And this is DJ Speedo featuring Wildside, and Wildside is, uh, as you know,
the group that did Irresistible Mint from DDR Extreme.
And the song is called Assoneejay, but you might notice a different name.
And I'm so gonna die, but I don't care so enjoy
Baby, to baby, baby, you know I'mma be happy
Baby, to baby, baby, you know I'mma be happy
Oh, that song was pretty boofy, pretty boofy.
Hey, hey, haha, let's give it a two.
Wait, wait, wait, we got a little, oh, okay, we got a curling event.
MoCap Curling!
Hello, Cage Match song.
Jason has got a vacuum cleaner head thing, and we got a little ball rolling.
And Mike's throwing the ball, and Jason is vacuuming the floor ahead of the ball.
Hello! Back to cage match, Loki!
Okay, this song violated so many rules. Number one, being a ketchup song, it sucked ass.
Number two, it's a speed mix, which really sucks ass.
And number three, I'm mad at Syfan right now, so that also sucked ass.
So I give this song a native of 100, but the Kirlin gets a 10.
Alright, uh...
I hate that song just because it sounds too much like Happy Hardcore to me
and I can't stand little candy kids
so I'm gonna give it a three
because it had a decent beat to it, so three
Asian innovation
seeing that I left the room because the song sucks so much
I'll give it a, out of a scale of one to ten, I'll give it a suck
and uh... of course my pick
uh... i thought it was wonderful is that correct
that balances out the side of the rock all you can't take a joke all right
uh... are a damn liar
and jimmy gets a zero for hitting me in the nose with the ball
i gave it it's not have to get a new those like share jesus i give that a ten
all right
well i thought you'd be happy that i didn't get in the nose of the forest
review what you can pick tonight
shall we
the first one you can pick and i have to uh...
I have to cue it up, because I accidentally got rid of the CD.
All right, here's the first one you can vote for.
Here's a clip.
Beat Fox with What a Wonderful World, last week's winner.
And now, the winner.
The world.
Second one you can vote for.
This is Spente La Stelle, also known as Opera Trance.
You can vote for that.
Also, you can vote for DJ Speedo featuring Wildside with Asaregé, also known as the
catch-up song.
All right, you can vote for any one of those three.
send your votes right now over
private message in the chat room to sky
if you vote for that we will end and i will tally up those votes and let you
know who wins a little later in the show and god damn i hope i win finally
uh...
i think there's a lot of people vote for me just cuz they feel sorry for me
uh... and i think that i don't know we got a little and i don't feel sorry
for robs keep in mind that i think that for that song you have to hear it
for two weeks. That's right, because there's no show next week, so whatever wins tonight
is two weeks. So choose wisely. God, I hope I win. Or we'll kill you. Alright. My ball.
My ball. Moving on, any other topics you guys want to discuss? What was this curling thing
you guys were doing with the vacuum? My ball. They're playing with their balls and sticks.
Your song sucked so horribly, we had to entertain ourselves and everyone else who was suffering
in this room.
So we were curling.
It's an Olympic sport.
It doesn't get as much recognition as the other sports, but it's pretty hard because,
I mean, you have to be really athletic to be a curler, especially in the Olympics, because
you have this broom, right?
And you kind of need to know how to skate, and then you also...
They have the ice shoes on, but it's still hard.
And you have to sweep the floor.
You got to keep ahead of whatever things are called.
You have to keep ahead of the mallet ball thingy hockey puck thing that they do.
Yeah.
And pretty much it's...
It's like a big lead weight with a handle.
Yeah.
For all you curling fans out there, you have to, depending on how fast, you have to get
this target at the end.
I'm sweating my ass off and we just curled twice and it was only like 10 feet.
Yeah.
Basically, you have to use the broom to reduce or increase the friction.
It's kind of weird, you know?
Simple point.
But yeah, the brooms are only if hockey was played with brooms.
Man, the puck would go so much faster.
Simple point.
It's a Canadian sport.
Well, just remember, look for me in Asian Innovation
in the next Winter Olympics.
We'll be trying to represent Sacramento and the Bay Area.
Team Sacramento curling 2008 in Beijing when they have no ice.
Let's go.
You know, you missed a show a couple weeks ago, we were talking about different mocap games that they could make.
MOCAP CURLY!
Yes!
We did a list list, which we'll hopefully get to a list list segment tonight, I don't know.
Although I'm thinking, you know, instead of list lists, you know what we haven't done in a long time?
Let's do a Maimani match game tonight, what do you guys think?
Alright, you wanna do that? We'll do a Maimani match game tonight.
I'm a noob, you'll have to explain again.
I can explain it to you guys. I can do that.
If I can find Matt's theme on my computer somewhere, I hope so.
I could just come up with some porn themes off the top of my head.
We'll end the show with Ask Orange Lounge. We'll do that later.
So, but we'll get to that in a little bit.
Because I have to have time to write up questions so we have to take a break before we go to that.
to keep
do you think it's going to be
malibu's
but what is that
there's money now
that would be such at whether or not it might seem to be the suck s but not the
good news
like baba hotep
uh... fuck you
fuck you asian beat boxes that can't do it right
now if you go to be yourself some
box rooms they're having but they have a request for some prompt you to move
you want to see
there
or or or or or or or or or or or or
home under your door
uh...
i think now would be a very good time to take a break if you have a sending your
votes already. There's not that many votes. There's not that many votes in right now for
Cage Match. There's not that many votes in right now for Cage Match, which is, you know
what happens when nobody votes? The underdog wins. All right. When no one votes, we gang
up on Robin, then we win. Okay, if the underdog wins, I put zero votes, zero points for that
opera trance because it sucked ass and I give 10 to that crappy ass happy hardcore wannabe
shit.
Alright, so we'll be back after this quick break and we'll talk about some of the Monty
match game and your cage match winner.
We'll be back!
When things let me have plans Yes, I need you by my side
When things go crazy I just need to know you care
Guarantee that you'll be there When I wake up in the night
Will you be my guiding light? I don't care how far I'll take a place
Tonight
Tell me where you are And everything's gonna be alright
Like a shooting star, crossing the midnight sky
Wanna fly, just to be with you tonight
Like a shooting star, crossing midnight skies
Wanna fly, just to be with you tonight
R.I.P. R.I.P.
Wow!
Oh
That's how you go, raco, raco
That's how you go, raco, raco
That's how you go, raco, raco
That's how you go, raco, raco
That's how you go, raco, raco
That's how you go, raco, raco
I was about to judge you, but I promise you
Ego dai yon my brain, lei ga hissou ni sada
Ego dai yon my brain, lei ga hissou ni sada
Ego dai yon my brain, jyokitsuna de dai dai dai dai dai
Hanyou dai yinan gua go da
Ue yon sou dai si mou sairiiya
Mame kouryou sada chou
Welcome to Orange Lunch Radio, where love is orange!
Shaving monkeys is always permitted.
Just kidding.
But...
But, yes.
Technical plans. Look who's on your face.
You scare the monkey, you don't come in.
No, no. I'll just bring Shermy.
If Shermy doesn't like you, leave.
For cheating, as always, I'm brought to you by Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello again.
We're back. The monkeys sling poo.
and uh... i bet you'd love to know who won the cage match
well it was very close to you know it's funny we had a vote for oprah trance
yeah i think that she's the
i hate to say this but it did win by one
votes
by one
stinking boats haha
The chatroom conspired to go over trans wanted it.
By one vote over the catch up song. I'm so mad.
Damn you people.
See they planned it out. They wanted you to make you think you were going to win.
And then slide in that last vote.
I know. You all got together. You're plotting against me I cried.
The big fat pickle song.
Someone make me a big fat pickle song.
I'm a cute cover, I'm a cute cover, I'm a cute cover, I'm a cute cover, I'm a cute cover,
We need some paper, we need some paper for this next segment, do we have some paper in
here? Do we have paper? We need paper. Do you have sheets you can share with the rest
of us? Paper, paper. Oh I have one, I have a page. Okay, somebody can use the back of
this. Yes? I have a suggestion, because I've been noticing that this game is kind of flawed
What we need to do is we need to get the answers from the contestants, but don't read them off and then get the answers from us first, then we get the contestants' answers.
You know what I'm saying? Because in that way we're not influenced by their answers.
What are you doing?
Uh, yeah, I, I, sorry, there's somebody, uh, Darchild's using the, uh, air duster on his
head. Um, seven people match me this time. We should, we should do it like how we did
it with loaded crescents and just show each other how we wrote our answers.
Um, I, I agree. We'll do, okay, we'll do that different this week and see how that works.
We'll read the contestants' answers last. But, in order to get contestants, we have
to get the, we have to have them answer a simple trivia question. Let's see, um.
What do you think? What's a good trivia question for them to answer?
The penis mightier.
No, it's got to be something gettable. It's got to be something easy. It's got to be something stupid.
What is the square of pi?
What is the formula for a mole if you're in school? You should know this.
I haven't been in school for a while.
She said a bunch of stuff.
How about this?
What's 75 squared?
What's 85 squared?
Who is the artist?
The only thing that I learned when I was in school is how to avoid people and what a mole
is.
Which, by the way, is 6.02 times 10 to the negative 23rd power.
All right, how about this?
We'll make it really easy.
Well, Colgan's boot size was a 16 in 1985.
No, I don't think so.
Sorry.
Okay, whoever is the first two people to tell me what the fifth digit of Pi is.
Okay, the first two people who tell me, and you've got to send their own private message or it doesn't count, the fifth digit of Pi.
Because that was a big topic on DDR Freak earlier this week, so.
It's I, right?
Okay, here we go, let's see.
I.
okay the fifth digit of pi
I think the fifth digit of pi is pi
it's the letter E P I E E E
right? okay let's see
the fifth digit of me is my pinky
alright here we go here we go let's see who got it we got our winners
so we got three one four one
five so it's five
Jazz said, well, he did say five, but he said four first. Sorry. JB got it, so JB's in.
He was next. And let's see. Well, it looks like we got 23rd Magus, so there you go.
I thought you were counting from the end of pi.
No, sorry, I was not counting from the end of pi. So there you go.
It's the end of pi. That's why I said it so fast.
Alright, here we go. We got our two contestants. We have JB and 23rd Magus. Alright, here we go.
Oh, the way the match game works, because you guys, not everybody's been here before.
We're going to read questions and they'll have a blank in them, and we have to fill in the blank.
And if the contestants match what you say, then they get a point.
And what does our fabulous winner tonight get? Now they're both local, so they can actually get a prize tonight.
They get nothing. Absolutely nothing.
You get a free magazine at March Madness.
Ooh, a magazine for the winner. Okay, here we go.
And a half-eaten bottle of Pringles.
Let's introduce the celebrities. First off, celebrity number one.
Still wearing a lovely Versace gown. Say hello to Dark Sakura.
dark zachariah
i said the gallon
our second celebrity wearing absolutely nothing in loving it it's the your
heart
and nobody
don't look
there look at my eyes thank you very much
all right and uh...
our third celebrity
don't call him a racist or a porn lover, it's Loki
I'm wearing a dead swan
wrapped around me
I'm wearing a dead albatross
our fourth celebrity is the official orange lounge intern and you know what that means
give it up for zero
hi, this is about to suck, and yes I'm the damn intern okay, I'm the fucking intern
god
uh... our fifth celebrity tonight
uh... basically came out of the middle of nowhere and uh... somehow ended up
here
and he's also wearing absolutely i was a little bit i think uh... i i was a
process or please say you know
if you put it into the torture
to make me listen to crappy tracks
that's what we do a lot more songs
uh... are our last celebrity this evening
say hello to the wonderful and uh... also wearing a lovely girl weighing down
say hello to uh...
Asian innovation
I feel that sexy
Yeah!
I know you love me!
And then of course me.
Because I'm beautiful, dammit. Alright, let's get started.
First question!
Here we go.
Mr. Mike Ngo, also known as Asian Innovation.
And what do you know, he's here.
He was already to practice, I'm sorry, he was already to participate in the 2DX
tournament in Sacramento
at March Madness.
When he heard that he didn't like any of the qualifier songs, he got so angry
that he ran over to Scandia and decided to blank.
Mike was already to participate in the 2DX tournament in Sacramento, but when he
he heard that he didn't like any of the qualifier songs, he got so angry that he ran over to
Scandinavia and decided to blank. I have one contestant locked in. And we have both of
the
that's okay
it's a very own personal reference you know
Alright, you ready? Bang, Anita! You don't have to write no novel!
Alright, here we go. Let's first, now we're doing a different this week, so we have the
contestants locked in, let's see what the celebrities said.
Jamie, Mike got so angry that he decided to go to Scandia and...
Play prop cycle instead. Play prop cycle instead.
Anita, Mike got so angry he decided to...
Yodel at the top of his lungs.
Yodel at the top of his lungs!
Loki, got so mad he decided to...
Start curling.
Zero.
He got so mad he mistakenly killed the Scandia kids instead of the RPGL kids.
Darchau?
I got so angry he decided to kill my mom.
Mike got so angry he decided to
Kill DJ Syndrome and make a fake song list.
Kill DJ Syndrome and make a fake song list. Beautiful.
I said Mike got so angry that he decided to go to Scandinavia and defecate on a child.
Alright, let's see what the contestants said. JB said, roll on the ground. No, I'm sorry,
that is not a match. 23 Magus said, hump the coin slot. He decided to run the Scandi and
hump the coin slot. Wow, they actually had to get on the machine then. That's a good
one. I like that one. Oh, can I change my answer to the quick one? No, you cannot change
your answer. Alright. So, no points. That's okay. It's still a tie. Let's go to the next
question. Question number two. Darkchild has been out of the Bamani scene a long time.
He came back out of the darkness to see what was new in the scene, and he was surprised
the thing that had changed most in the scene was blank.
Wow, that sound of silence is like a deep thought.
Okay read it again.
Dark Child has been out of the Bamani scene a long time.
He came back out of the darkness to see what was new in the scene and he was surprised
that the thing that had changed most in the scene was blank.
Be very, very quiet. People are thinking. Is there all the celebrities about walked
in? A couple still writing. I'm waiting on one contestant. Any day now.
contestant any day now the thing that changed most in the scene was blank yes
this
come on contestants
are all the celebrities done? Yes, all the celebrities done. We're waiting on a contestant
I think we got it
Beautiful. Jamie, your answer.
The only thing that had changed was the stench. No one bothered to shower after
still trying to PA paranoia.
The stench.
Alright.
Anita, the thing that had changed most in the scene was...
Was all the DDR players were now wearing one white glove.
All the DDR players were now wearing one white glove.
Loki, the thing that had changed most in the scene was?
I gotta follow that.
Yes.
Um...
I didn't really come up with anything funny, so...
All the DDR players are little kids that are really stupid and should die.
Okay, all the DDR players are little kids that are stupid and should die.
Okay, zero.
I couldn't come up with anything, so I figured the thing that changed the most was the child molesting gangbangers.
I don't know if that counts, what do you guys think?
Who said the RVGL thing?
Somebody said something about RVGL.
Was that zero?
No.
Okay.
Sorry.
Zero.
Zero.
None.
Zip.
Zip.
Okay.
It's still tied.
Here we go.
Next question.
Jamie one day found herself on a deserted island with a shiny necklace on.
She noticed that she was surrounded by children from Roseville Golf Land.
The first thing she reached for was her blank.
Jamie one day found herself on a deserted island with a shiny necklace on.
She noticed that she was surrounded by children from Roseville Golf Land.
The first thing she reached for was her blank.
We have both our contestants in. How about the celebrities?
Okay. Working on it. How you doing, Anita? About ready. Almost done. Anita doing another
marathon answer. Okay. Alright, Jamie woke up on a deserted island
Alright, Jamie woke up on a deserted island with a shiny necklace on.
She noticed she was surrounded by children from Roseau Golf Land.
The first thing she reached for was her blank.
Ready?
Jamie, what was the first thing Jamie reached for?
Propel.
RVGL children are easy targets.
Alright, Anita, the first thing she reached for was her...
Was her coconut nunchakus to open up a can of whoop-ass.
Coconut nunchakus.
Who's going to get that one?
my own. Dude, I just ripped theirs off.
Dark child. God, my mind is dirty. A jizz rack to wipe off that shiny necklace. I need
to stay off the internet. Oh, my lord. Okay, Asian invasion.
The first thing she reached for was her...
Immediately after that, she reached for a crack pipe.
Jamie! You have a crack pipe?
Alright. I said the first thing she reached for was her fan!
Remember the movie? The guy with the fan? Yeah, alright.
Okay. JB said the first thing she reached for was check for a match.
The Fam was cool.
We're going to check for a match.
JB said the first thing she reached for was her fork.
I almost said that.
I almost said fork, but then again, RBGL children have herpes.
23rd Magus said the first thing she reached for was her boom stick.
Good movie reference.
Boom stick!
Very good movie reference.
Sam Raimi is God.
still tied up
still tied up at nothing nothing or at least one of the one wins right
low-key
low-key was really excited to be moving into a new apartment very soon
a couple days before the move though he started to worry
what am i going to do about packing my massive collection of blank
It doesn't have to be the obvious. Do whatever you want. You gotta want to match the contestants. Do say what the contestants would say.
Loki was really excited to be moving into a new apartment very soon. A couple days before the move, though, he started to worry. What am I going to do about packing my massive collection of blank?
I came up with an answer very quickly.
Oh, we have one contestant locked in.
I think that's both contestants.
All right, are all the celebrities ready?
Okay, I'm almost ready, almost, okay, how do you spell, never mind, how do you spell
all right here we go jamie
loki had to pack his massive collection of corpses
corpses
uh... good idea
anita said what am i going to do about packing my massive collection of
barbie dolls barbie dolls aw so cute
okay
loki
Dead babies! Dead babies!
Zero. I said shit.
Massive collection of shit, how nice, okay.
Dark child.
Real dolls.
Real dolls. Oh!
You know the...
For those who don't know, um...
they're really high-end, non-blow-up girlfriends. I mean, fully articulate, they
look realistic.
on real sex a guy's girlfriend. They had men ones too with like big cocks. I don't care
about the men ones. And they said that they were working on the ones that actually came.
ReelBell.com. I knew he was all excited. Okay, recent innovation is massive collection. Toenail
clippings. Of toenail clippings. Aw, sorry, not a match. I said, Loki, what is he going
what am I getting what is he going to do about packing his massive collection of
cok rings
cock rings Scott all right let's see what the contestants said let's see if
we get a match 23rd Maggots says what is Loki going to do about packing his
massive collection of porn JB says what is he going to do about packing his
his massive collection of porn. Both contestants said porn, no match.
It's funny that all the underage people think of porn.
Shame on all of you perverts. We think of murder, right?
Alright, last question. I don't have a massive collection of porn.
It's way outweighed by the massive collection of dead babies.
Last question, this is your chance to shine. Just to be fair, I was going to say porn,
but I thought someone else in the group would have already taken it.
Rob got made a lot of fun of for playing the catch-up song on Orange Lounge Radio. After
Rob got made a lot of fun of for playing the catch-up song on Orange Lounge Radio.
lounge radio. After the show was over, the room decided that his punishment should be
blank. Alright, Rob got made a lot of fun of for playing the catch-up song on Orange
Rob got made a lot of fun of for playing the catch-up song on Orange Lounge Radio.
After the show was over, the room decided that this punishment should be blank.
We have both our contestants locked in.
is everybody else in the room? Anita. I'm just writing my chapter here. Okay, I'm done.
Okay, here we go. Jamie, his punishment should be? To drink his weight in ketchup. To drink
his weight in ketchup. That's a lot of ketchup. Anita. Oh, I didn't get quite as creative.
punishment shall be to watch twenty four hours of the playboy channel
garden soft core at that jesus leases hardcore it's somewhat excited would
fall asleep after that i would i would fall asleep after about like a few
minutes of that
it's awful about five minutes for looking
uh...
it's it's like
what do you mean i'm moving my best
I mean, it's just like, who cares?
It's so- why are you, like, sneaking into some person's house to rub your breasts?
It makes no sense!
I thought you liked breasts!
Yeah, but it makes no sense when you're just standing there going,
Oh, look at me, I'm standing here in the wind, exotic location,
rubbing my breasts for no reason!
Just standing there- she's not having sex, she's not, like, you know,
sponsored by the algorithm.
In and on or anything, she's just standing there saying,
Look at me, I'm sexy looking!
If you had the Playboy channel at my house, I'd end up turning it to CNN.
Dude, let's just put it this way. I get every single Playboy movie that comes out, and they all suck ass.
They're all regurgitated clips from older Playboy movies, and it's just, it's awful. They try to think-
Oh my God, are you out of gear?
Girls Gone Boring.
Okay, my answer was, punishment would be Rob would have to go straight.
I almost said that.
And by the way, they probably rub their breasts because it's cold on the beach. They gotta get warm.
I don't understand how their nipples stick out all the time. How is that possible? Ice cubes? No, I don't want them.
Alright, I'm done.
I said...
It's called airbrushing.
I said at the end of the show Rob would have to fuck the ferret.
How lovely.
Dark child. Rob's punishment should be...
Jesus Christ, I am a child of the internet.
Go down on everyone in the room and swallow.
Ah!
That is punishment, Jesus.
That's punishment for everybody.
You get to sell popcorn, there'll be plenty of salt.
All right.
It's an invasion.
porn is the funniest thing ever
it's not exciting or anything it's just funny
using innovation rob's punishment should be
the catch-up song
uh...
good a good answer
and uh... my answer would be that robs punishment should be to have sex with
lots of hot people
uh...
uh... it sounds like treatment
rob
i think that
who have leprosy
rock and
let's see if we actually got a match
jb said robs punishment should be to be spent
who
that's that's a reward that
twenty-third depends who by
i mean if we're talking like you know
uh... twenty-third bag is said
his punishment should be to be beaten with orange bats nobody said go straight
you guys cannot have said
go straight
that was the most obvious answer
i don't know
you tell me
Okay, cause boys are stupid anyway. Except for the company.
On that note...
So, we have our big finish.
The big scores, here they are, let's total it up.
JB has a score of zero!
And 23Magus has a score of zero!
You win nothing!
Nothing at all! Good day, sir!
Wow, you couldn't even get a magazine, that's pretty fair.
So, this is what happens.
As punishment, you two get all of the punishments that were mentioned earlier.
So there you go.
Live at March Madness.
So they get to be spanked, anally raped, and then get hot people.
And then go down on all of us.
They're underage!
Hey, but remember, one of your punishments was, uh, hey Rob, one of the punishments,
though, is get to have sex with a bunch of hot people.
That's true!
for that one. That's very true. Yeah, but I'll take the game back for the ferret. No,
it ain't happening. Alright, so they're demanding a tiebreaker, but you know what, we don't
have much time, because we have to take a quick break, and then we're going to come
back and wrap up the show. Take a break, take a small break, but we'll come back for a special.
break one song and this is your chance to ask orange lounge or tonight you can
ask who's fucking with the mic or tonight hey have the mic or tonight you
get a lee raped by the ferret no it's an tonight you can either ask orange lounge
or you can ask dark child or you can ask Asian innovation just send those to the
chat room and if you're not in our chat room fucking get in there go to Cali
leave a money dot com
and they click on orange lounge and click on chatted super duper easy wire
to hear already
uh... what do you guys think for a break song
some from the d r something going
something annoying
play a ryan
yeah i think i'm dollar alright so it'll be a quick break and will be right back
afro ask orange lounge to send your questions to sky in the term
I love you like the time You're very hard, you look like a young fella
Take me overnight Boom boom boom boom
Shake it like a bobble Boom boom boom boom
That you wanna Boom boom boom boom
Pushing all the buttons more times
Boom boom boom boom I-I-I-I Boom, boom boom boom I-I-I-I Boom, boom boom boom Pushing all the butter, more time
Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom
Easier to dance to than that freaking catch-up song on Orange Lounge Radio
Haha, okay
Oops. No, we're not doing match game anymore. I have to queue up the other music.
So this is a little segment we do when we need some time filler because our chat room
is very creative so we allow them to ask Orange Lounge.
So here we go.
Shows ten minutes longer.
Yes.
Alright.
Ask us questions.
Here we go.
Ask Orange Lounge or tonight you can ask Jart Child or Asian Innovation.
twenty third magus says seriously though if i beg and plead enough will orange
lounge sponsor me for march madness i'm already making my orange lounge shirt
if i endure all punishments mentioned will i get sponsored
that would be amusing
uh... it's a guy
should we consider it
we'll consider it
We have to see. Keep in mind that one of us is unemployed.
If you could out-treat me on Bacardi 151, I will sponsor you.
I'll pay your way in. Come to think of it, I think it would be worth it to see his
freestyle.
I'll do it. Yeah, one of us will do it. We'll figure it out. But you need to try and come up with the money
yourself, because if we have to sponsor you, we're making you do something
humiliating.
okay
uh...
justin s
your jazz sorry just give me a little bit of a bad
to everyone can i have about a hundred dollars in the right march madness now
offering clock tower three and that were movies
i can give you a ride that you can make hang out
you know i'm you can certainly stay at the orange lounge world headquarters
a-k-a my house if you can uh... find a right here if you just post on the air
I don't know if you guys are afraid you might be able to find something.
DTR Non-Stop Megamix, all custom steps.
it's not
they don't want to make a forty five minute long one stop it don't try to be
comfort of the original
there
i don't know
i don't know i don't know i don't know
right next
we have a question for asian innovation from the d r mike
We have two questions.
How much weight did you put on from yesterday's party?
I only had two ribs.
But, yeah.
And then, how is that horrible, wonderful job at Jack in the Box?
I don't know, I give most of the food to you.
Beautiful.
And that's all the questions I've gotten so far for Ask Orange Lounge, so we'll
We'll give him a couple more minutes.
You're not funny, Mike. Quit laughing.
Does anybody have a question for someone else here in the room?
Will someone hire me? Please?
I got a job.
What are your job qualifications?
Well, my resume is on Rob's computer.
Oh my God, I love this porn!
Is that resume in MPEG or TwitchCon?
Okay, Rob, you said watch Ally McFeel with me.
Oh my God, you are gay.
That was the funniest porn ever.
Ally McFeel had fucking Ron Jeremy in it, it was awesome.
Sweet.
God, Jeremy is a god.
He can't suck his own penis anymore.
Have you seen Pornstar, The Legend of Ron Jeremy?
No, I have not.
It's a sweet movie.
Ran it.
Is it porn?
It's not actually porn, but I mean, they have like little clips and things, but it's still kind of, it's NC-17, but not really porn.
What's this word, rent? I don't understand this word, rent.
Rent.
I have kazah, what's rent? Is that when I delete it after I watch it?
Yes, yes, that's when you, you only have 24 hours after downloading this.
Okay, more questions.
Question for the chatroom? Anyone in there? Find me Battle Royale Special Edition and buy it for me.
dot t k
that's a little scary let's let's look at the site real fast loki what do you think
of this
all the way to think of her to this
word it's just those remix
found fancy and uh... were songs
and i know there's a guy that's been a real seem to realize
i think i played one of the evidence playing headache it hurts
did not play one of those the other night
your party I think I do have all these already
I think I played one of them, they're alright
I think Squaresoft rocks, I'll go to that page
but that's not Orange when I'm talking, that's just me
DDR Mike by the way says her her shut up squinty eyed Asian hoe
why did he call you a hoe?
I'll be over at your house tonight at eleven
ba dum bum
Alright, the other hoe, DarkTetsuyu wants to know, how come more females don't come in the chat room? Cry.
That's because there's no one there who excites them enough.
They're too busy cooking.
Are there females coming in the chat room right now?
First of all, they don't come in the chat room because it'll make a big stinky mess.
Yeah, they don't come because you haven't found G-Spot.
It's because I haven't been here yet.
Because I can't come when you fuck me.
Yeah, if a girl was coming, she wouldn't be in the chat room.
Alright. Last one.
Last one. Here we go. Last question from Justin Circuit.
Can you give me money?
Depends on what you'll do for me. I'll give you a dollar.
Can you give me stuff? Can you give me head?
I'll close my eyes.
Alright.
I'll give him money from Argentina.
Okay, so, on that note, that's the end of Ask Orange Lounge. Alright, one more, there's one more, there's one more.
One more, this is the last question, this is a good one to end it on, because it kind of relates to March Madness.
SkylineDC505 wants to know,
would doing bag 5-speed for the qualifier be noobish?
Go ahead, I don't care. Just do it on one speed later on. Have fun.
Okay, and now's that time of the show where we have to wrap it up.
But first, we go around the room and get everyone's final thoughts.
Rob, can we wrap it up in ribbon and bows?
And confetti.
And leather.
And chains. And whips.
Okay, now I'm getting into this.
And, and, like, playing hot pokers.
I don't have much to say, how about, pika-choo!
All I gotta say is, unfortunately, there will not be an update to my site tonight or tomorrow
because I have a headache and I'll probably be going to sleep.
So maybe Tuesday.
What?
I accept this award on the behalf of myself, because you all suck. And one last thing,
are cool. You're so cute. You're the coolest girl in the world. I declare war on Iraq because
I'm a Texan. Bang, bang, bang. I'm a Texan. Bang, bang. April 15th, go buy your Miyazaki
films Castle in the Sky, Spirited Away, and Kiki's Delivery Service come out on DVD in
And April 19th is my birthday, so give me stuff.
Your final thought, Mike?
Go to March Madness, please.
I don't want to turn out like five people.
All right, thanks.
Bye.
My final thought is Zelda comes out tomorrow.
Is anyone moist?
Has anyone already played it?
All right.
That's it.
End of show.
NO SHOW NEXT WEEK BECAUSE WE'RE LIVE ALL DAY LONG SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
LISTEN FOR GOD'S SAKE.
Or at least come to the tournament.
As if COVID lessons will never do it again.
Just kidding.
We're already planning on doing it at V3 as well.
But not after that.
Alright.
Thank you very much for listening.
It's Corey from RTSRADIO.
We love you.
The system is down.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Dark Sakura, Sky, and Loki.
If you'd like to leave us a comment, send us an email at orangeloungeradioatyahoo.com.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
Go, go, Power Rangers!
Hey, dudes! Hey, you just changed! Yeah, I know, we always change characters every day.
Hey, I'm a little kid and I'm going to join the Power Rangers. How do you know about us?
How can I watch the show every day? Oh, OK.
Hey, guys, look, it's those three teenagers that...
Exactly match the Power Rangers personalities and their voices and every single thing about them.
Let's go harass them.
Oh, OK, well, come on.
OK, go.
Hey, we don't train that, just...
Come on, you know...
Yay, you're not supposed to get on board with that!
Rangers, Rangers, what?
What do you know?
Five teenagers without a tube.
What's wrong? What's going on?
There's a bunch of disturbances going on.
Oh, really? You'd better check it out.
Ah!
Ah!
Oh, no, it's a monster! The terrorizing city!
Rawr! What are you doing here?
I'm the last of the world to have a giant pig!
Oh, I eat stuff!
Oh no, we need to destroy him!
Snap it on!
Give it back!
I'm trying to save the dragon!
Destroy the sword!
Posing!
Moving around!
We are the Avengers!
And we are going...
Oh yeah?
Well, uh, yeah, well.
You weren't smart enough to call upon your megazords now.
We're not supposed to grow!
What the heck grew?
Oh no, we need to call upon the megazord!
Fusion!
Megazord!
We can't beat him!
Sword!
We need a leg!
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
