Do you want to hear the most annoying sound in the world?
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, the Monty Talk, and then some.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain hot monkey sex.
Just kidding.
Orange Lounge will not contain hot monkey sex.
In this episode... Hey, any balls down there?
That's the biggest bear you've ever seen, Jingleberry.
What's your favorite scary movie?
Showgirls.
Absolutely frightful.
What's yours?
There are no stupid questions, just stupid people.
Don't torture yourself.
That's my job.
Now's the time our sprockets bend me dogs!
I'll get you, my pretty.
And your little dog, too.
I know Kung Fu.
I'm sorry, but all questions must be submitted in writing.
Why did they have to take the word gay?
Nobody expects a Spanish exposition.
It's Kendo.
Hey!
DarkSakura, Shut up!
Where's my gun?
This is my boomstick!
Sky, Come on girls, it's time to drop the bomb!
Loki, I can't for the life of me get the hooker to have sex with me.
What kind of warping being would find that funny?
Orange Lounge Radio,
We are live, and this is episode number 35 for March the 2nd of 2003.
If you're tuned into the Lamonti Scene's most crowded radio station of all things bee money, my name is...
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
I'm a poet and I don't know it.
But your feet are short because they're long-fellows.
My feet are big.
You know what that means.
Attention guys out there.
Rob wears big shoes.
Joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts in this corner, the happiest and most loud-mouthed bunny on the farm, Miss Jamie Summers.
You know her better as DarkSakura.
In that corner, say hello to our tech master, Loki.
Also with us tonight, we have a whole ass load of guests.
Say hello to Shark Skrulls in the house.
Everyone else is in the other room playing Animal Crossing.
I'm thinking about joining them.
Hey, traitor.
Hey, I gotta get bones back.
And also with us, say hello to Mel B. I believe that children are our future.
Say hello to Dave.
Hello.
I haven't been here in a while.
And there's a whole bunch of other people.
Oh, wait, Brad.
Oh, say hello to Brad.
Why are you balking?
Ah, shit.
Oops, I had a little technical difficulty there.
Sorry about that.
Hi.
Say hello.
Oh, hi, Brad.
And then in the back is the Ice Queen.
Say hello to the Ice Queen.
Come on in.
Wow, that's twice this month I've been called a douchebag.
Tell me, Rob, do you feel not so fresh?
Oh yeah, that's right, we're in a new month now.
So that means next month somebody else has to call Rob a douchebag.
Who wants to take the turn this time?
Okay, you can do it.
Don't forget, April 1st.
No, you have to do it April 2nd because it's a joke.
I'm getting reports that all of our listeners might...
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
From StepSquad to OrangeLabs, this PDR sucks!
Holla, holla, holla, holla, holla, holla, holla, holla, holla, holla, holla!
Apparently Dave knows what camel piss tastes like.
Tastes just like it smells.
Alright, we're back.
Unfortunately what happened just before the break, for some reason, we didn't show ourselves as going down off the air, but all our listeners got dropped, so they're slowly coming back on the stream, and it's kind of ironic that they should come back to the beauty of silence.
Get it?
Ow, ow, I hurt.
You'll hurt after I kick you.
Okay, so, what's up?
Big round table, just stuff.
What table?
There's four.
We had round table pizza for lunch.
Indian chair?
Ooh, somebody else.
We had Eastern Buffet.
If it is Ryan, tell him where his letter is.
We ate somewhere much better than round table.
Okay, where'd you guys go for lunch today?
Where did we go for lunch?
Oh, we went to Eastern Buffet.
We had Chinese food and it was yummy.
So today's a little bit of a buzz show.
I'm downing a Smirnoff Black with Mel.
A toast to a non-crappy show for once.
No, I'm just kidding.
Who's all here?
Dang.
It sounded like five people just got here.
Who got here?
Oh my god.
Well, how's today?
Today it is kind of a full house.
Okay.
So.
Everywhere we go, everywhere you look.
Okay, after what we were watching today that showed what's your face from full house.
Candace Cameron.
Yeah, Candace Cameron.
What the hell ever happened to Candace Cameron?
She's very pretty.
I want to know.
I'm going on the website to look.
Candace Cameron met a hockey player by the name of Valerie Brewery and got engaged in Paris and got married and has two kids.
Go fig.
And she looked like a slut for a long time because she had platinum blonde hair.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Oh, hello to our other guests who just got here.
What's up?
Say hello and introduce yourselves.
I don't have much room on the mics here.
Hey, what's up?
Everyone knows me.
I'm Zero.
How's it going?
The intern.
What's up?
This is Johnny, a.k.a.
Bombay.
Okay, and now I'm going to finish talking about Candace Cameron.
Oh, Billy the Big Fat Queer is here!
Say hello, Billy!
Hi.
How are you, Billy?
Peachy Keen
I gave some guys... Wait, no, no, no, no.
Hold on.
First Candice, then your story.
Oh, hi, you're listening to Orange Lounge, Bomani Radio.
Sometimes we talk about the game with the arrows.
I hear it's popular.
Anyway... And we talk about porn a lot.
Since her years as DJ Tanner on the long-running sitcom Full House, she has had the lead role in six movies, guest starred on four television shows, and executive produced an entertaining child safety show.
Really?
She is married to ice hockey player Valery Bire, who sucks ass, and has three children.
I don't want to know what their association is.
They're named Suck, Ass, and Who.
Come here, suck.
Come here, ass.
Okay.
Since I was 10 years old, Candice has been a distraught role model for me through her varied acting roles and admirable participation in organizations like the Starlight Foundation.
Which sucks ass.
Hey, that's a charity.
It's an ass-sucking charity.
Her openness and love... Oh, wait, wait, wait.
Here's the best part.
Her openness and love for Christianity is refreshing.
and the Church of Ass-Sucking.
So she sucks little boys' asses then.
Oh, okay.
Hello.
Refreshing is this nice malt beverage right here.
And then it talks about growing up with Candice.
So if you want to visit All About Candice Cameron, go to www.candicecameronbure.net.
If you want to suck some ass.
Okay.
Speaking of sucking ass, let's get to story time with Billy.
Storytime with Billy!
This better be the Jerry Halliwell version.
It is the Jerry Halliwell.
It's the DDR Jerry Halliwell version.
Tell your tale, Billy.
Well, it was Mardi Gras night, and we had quite a bit of fun, and I got a couple beats here and there.
Wait, and how did you get beats?
How do you think?
Did you show your titties to some lesbians?
I did show my titties to some lesbians.
And then some cute boys just walked in and gave me beats.
I didn't have to show them anything.
Wow.
So anyways, on the way out, there was a cute drunk boy, and he saw, I didn't give him any beats, so I'm like, what are you going to give me?
Billy just cut right to the chase.
What are you going to give me?
I'll let you stick your hand down my pants.
And I'm like, well, okay.
Not that I'm complaining.
I've got quite a handful.
And then Matt got a C. And I got a hold of it and see it.
So it was a wonderful, fun night.
Oh, Matt's here.
Matt, come here, come here.
Do you have anything you want to add to this story, Matt?
Or I'm sorry, the Ice Queen?
What he got to grab, I got to see.
He wanted some more beats, he came up to me and said, well, what do I got to do to get some beats?
I said, well, you know, you got to show me your stuff.
And so he whipped it right out, and there it was.
And we got to see what he got to grab.
You know, he asked for beads for me too, so I'm like, what do I get?
And he said, I get the same thing.
So I gave him some beads, and like, you know, he opened up his pants, and you know, I started to put my hand on there, and I'm like, no, no, honey, I've got more class than Billy does.
Prude.
You're a prude.
I was trying to start fights in the parking lot.
Yeah, sometimes we talk about some arrow game, I don't know.
Monkey 6.
I filled your gay sex quota, now it's time for... Yeah, the show is getting too gay.
Pussy, cunt, clit, cock... Thank you.
Alright, quick, the chatroom is getting restless because we haven't talked about anything but Monty yet.
So, Loki, give us a topic.
Monty sucks ass.
Give us a topic we can have a roundtable about.
Oh god, okay.
Starting off this week, well obviously everyone knows that DDR Max 2, the Japanese version, is coming out April 25th, I believe.
Yes, April 25th.
Also announced with it is going to be a brand new V-Rare CD, V-Rare number 5, which I don't get because once they mass produce the CD, it's not really rare anymore.
Shut up.
Anyways, well, some of the things that are going to be on it, obviously, is going to be the ability to make link data for DDR Extreme, which will be nice, because you'll be able to actually record data for all the songs instead of like half.
And also, it's rumored to be that there's over 70 songs, including some from DDR Extreme.
Which means you're going to see Dynamite Rave, Downbird Soda Mix, Look to the Sky, True Colors Mix, Do It Right, the Harmonized Two-Set Mix, Drop the Bomb System FX Mix, and AM3P 303 Bass Mix.
And that's it from DDR Extreme.
If they have La Copa de la Vida, I'll be so happy, because that's the best song ever.
No, you don't understand.
I said it was like a foreign language until someone said Ricky Martin song.
So, yeah, that's what's coming out April 25th.
Okay, discuss.
Well, I for one am super excited about this, except I'm fucking broke and I have to move next month.
But, you know, I'll probably scrape some money out of the couch and buy it anyway.
It's okay, you can play mine.
It'll be my birthday month.
Oh, gee, I can come over and play.
That would be great.
Like hell, we're gonna buy one, dammit!
I was brought to you by... We're gonna buy one so I can rip the songs and put them on the internet and stuff.
Well, the thing is, I don't know if Konami happens to, like, be spying on me, but every time a game comes out, my birthday's around there.
It's just for you, man.
It's just for me.
Is that an effect that you just released games in April and November?
I actually blew the big money world.
They have the tie into my life.
And no to release games around my birthday.
DDR Max 2, USA, November.
Of course.
Any idea what's going to be on that?
Are they going to give us anything special?
Probably just like, you know, same thing as last time, maybe some more new exclusive songs and whatnot.
So, yeah, nothing yet.
Of course, we'll know more after E3.
That's true.
If we can get into it.
Wink, wink, nudge, nudge.
Mel's got his hand raised.
Hold on.
That's because DDR Spot got the hookup.
Like, whoa.
Why can't Orange Lounge get the hookup?
Like, what?
People who are engaged to GameStop employees get the hookup.
Well, um...
Yes, Jason Ninos actually hires a lot of DDR Spot, Beemaniacs, and other people to dance for him at the Boots.
That's pretty much how we get our hookup.
You know, I'm extremely fashionable.
Maybe that could, you know, go for something.
You'd be surprised how everybody at E3 looks good for some reason or another.
You could muddle a dance pad.
I could be a dance pad.
Hey, I won a dance pad at E3.
I kicked everyone's ass at Britney's, like, dance beat.
Yeah!
Okay, there's my claim to fame.
You're Billy's...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
You know, every brand name out there has a billboard the size of like a freaking street, you know, the street billboards.
Everybody looks good, not just the people who model off games, but like even the business exec women and guys.
I don't know, you know, it's like everyone's just all glass.
There's celebrities that roll through there, like my boy Henry.
He saw Robin Williams in there and got, you know, a picture with him.
I almost was able to flag down Gary Coleman for an autograph, but he was in a rush.
What you talking about, Mel?
Our friend Ryan goes there every year and brings back a videotape, but this last year he went and saw Bruce Campbell again and got Bruce Campbell to record his answering machine message.
Wow, that's a serious hookup.
And yeah, other celebrities like at the THQ, I think it was, they had Stacey Kubler freaking like... Bruce Campbell on the goddamn radio show.
Come on, Bruce Campbell on the goddamn radio show!
Hey, just tell me who I have to blow to get in the door and we're there, okay?
Sorry, I didn't want to cut off your story.
But yeah, pretty much E3 is just a blast.
And not only do you just see what's new, it's all about the free stuff, man.
It's all about just nabbing posters, friggin' demo discs.
Is it your fourth?
Is it your fourth year?
I have to cut in really fast because Billy the Big Homo has to go but I wanted to ask him if he has any final thoughts.
No.
Not even one?
Not even one.
Song lyric, maybe?
Final thoughts, is this like Jerry Springer?
I just can't get you out of my head.
It's all I think about.
Alright, get out of here.
Later.
Bye, Billy, thank you.
Na-na-na-na, na-na-na-na, oh hell yeah, later.
Oh, you guys are going too?
That sucks.
Wait, where's Anita?
Bring Anita in here.
It's suddenly become the goodbye show.
I know, this is like, it's the, oh my god, who walks into the studio next show?
It's DDRholic, ladies and gentlemen, say hello.
Hi, everybody.
How are you?
What are you doing in town today?
Actually, I'm moving in.
Here?
You're moving in here?
No, I'm moving in with Ryan and Johnny.
Well, hello.
And I know you're kind of in and out, but do you have any final thoughts for the radio show or anything you want to say?
Any shout-outs?
Let's see.
I don't know.
I don't know too many people anymore.
Shoutouts to all the DDR people out there who love DDR and all the money.
All right.
Well put.
Thank you.
All right.
Take care.
Be safe.
Have a good move.
All right.
All right.
We should be able to get E3 tickets because we have word in the industry, right?
Well, probably the best thing to do is just talk to Jason Enos, you know, because he gets, you know, for all his pull, he gets a lot of guest passes, so if nothing else, you may not get, like, the perks of media, which means you get to have, like, exclusive use of, like, say, you get media guides and, like, kits and all that stuff, but you still get to go around and go everywhere else, you just don't get to go inside, like, behind the wall and get free food, but... Oh, well, bummer.
You know what, you'll take what you get and you'll like it.
My god, I feel like there's a party going on in the hallway.
If you've received tickets to your home address once, you will always receive tickets.
Even if you are no longer in the industry, you will always receive tickets.
I know, I got my thing in the mail about two months ago saying, yeah, re-register for E3.
I'm like, hell yeah.
Okay, bye.
Now who's leaving?
What is E3?
I'm wondering if I could use one of my old paychecks from Cyber Station.
Hi, I used to work for Namco.
Look, my paycheck says Namco.
Dave just asked you a question of the hour, which is actually kind of funny because a lot of people may actually not know this, and here we are sitting talking around about E3.
What exactly is E3 for those who don't know?
Electronic Entertainment Expo.
Yeah, that goes on in LA.
Basically, it's the big Albie of all video games, computer entertainment and such.
It's Vegas in a nutshell.
It's every geek's dream to go up in there.
And fan service for the guys.
And some lesbians.
It's when all the big game companies get together to show off their new toys.
They had Xena there a couple years ago, didn't they?
Yeah.
Oh, everybody's up in there.
Just walk up to him, behind him, you know, my neck, my back, my pussy, and my crack.
I just want to go.
I want to go.
I want to go to this.
Because I don't like my work and I'd rather go instead.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Some of the people who've been, like, just working their way up, finally get to the top or get some recognition.
It was cool for them, definitely.
I was happy to see, I guess, what a lot of people are referring to as the torch being passed.
You know, it's like the old schools kind of, like, making way for the newer, the new jacks, the new generation.
and I'm totally fine because most people out there like Bruce Lee or AJ and such, they've busted themselves pretty hard.
It's good to see them get some recognition for a change.
I mean, I wanted some.
I want a slice of the pie, but it was cool.
I'm glad people still like to see me out there and whatever.
Cool, cool deal.
I have to ask you guys, Shark Scroll, I know you are huge on the Derby Owners Club.
I'm trying to break myself of it.
I haven't played it since the last time you were in the Bay.
Oh no, I was going to ask if you went to that tournament that they had at Milpitas.
I kind of didn't even realize it was happening because I thought it was the following week.
What have you been up to lately then, girl?
Work.
I see Mel B and then I go to sleep and that's about damn near it.
Well, you know, gotta do what you gotta do.
Work sucks for the record, but that's okay.
On a side note, Oki actually won the Derby Owners Club.
How the hell did that happen?
I coached him in the final match.
See, Ross actually was kicking a lot of ass.
He had the most wins and had the most money, but the last match was a G1, which is like the big high stakes.
And then Oki was just asking me for advice, and I'm like, do this right here, hold the horse right there, whip it right there, bam, wasn't even close.
Wow, that's pretty cool.
Doesn't Derby Owners Club kind of handicap you if you're behind or something, though?
Only in one certain race.
But everything else is skill of the player.
I wonder how well Politary would have done.
Yeah, because the last time I raced, I remember Politary won like her second race.
And I was actually racing.
I think I was racing Ross in that one.
I don't know.
I was racing some of the better players.
And I won.
And I was like, how the hell did I win that?
My horse sucks.
And somebody was telling me, oh, well, they handicap it.
And I still have the picture.
I still have the picture that says Politary is very happy.
Politary the horse rules.
I'm sorry, hot man sex still rules.
Okay.
So, alright, how about we take a quick break, and then we come back, and we're going to do the FUs of the week, before the people have to go, because I know we certainly have a lot of angst.
Yeah, we're going to have another three hour long FU segment.
No, this is what we'll do.
Everybody in the studio can FU as much as they want, but everybody in the chatroom will limit to like three FUs.
Okay, so chatroom, send your FUs on to me over private message, but three at the most, because we don't want this to go on forever.
Alright, so...
Okay, so yeah, we're going to... Did somebody turn the mic off?
Uh-oh.
That was the other line.
Beep.
Yeah, sorry, we had to take a call on the other line.
We're going to go to... I used to do that when we had a phone that had a pause that would mute the line.
I would tap it, and people thought I had a call waiting, so if I got tired of talking to them, I'd do it.
I'm sorry, that was for my grandmother.
I have to let you go.
It's cool when you have the mute button and you just push it and see how long it takes people to actually think you hung up on us.
You're mean.
Alright, if you missed it, FUs of the Week are coming up next, but you're limited to three in the chat room just because we're trying to make it under an hour long this week.
So, we'll be right back after this quick break.
Thanks for watching!
and more, you can't stop my shittin', what you gettin'?
Hell yeah, man!
You got to bring your mind
Listen to Orange Lounge Radio.
Because Bongo demands it.
Hi, we're back.
Yeah, they were talking in the chat room about 1998.
Sounds like every other Naoki song that's been made, they're saying.
Sounds like D2R and everything else.
I just like that one because I like the background.
And it's really easy to PA, I think.
That's why I like it.
You know what I want to say?
What?
I want to say is, where's 2MB?
We need some more 2MB remixes.
There's Trip Machine Survivor?
That's on 2MB.
Isn't it?
I don't know.
That's just Desire.
We need 2MB.
You know what the next song that's going to get the 2MB treatment is going to be fucking Bag.
Because Bag sucks ass.
You need to make a trans version of Bag.
The Legend of Bag.
Or the Legend of Haggis.
They already have the Legend of Bag sucks.
Do they really?
Yeah.
Okay, the worst fucking remix I heard this week, okay?
The Legend of Max 300, or Max Unlimited 300, or something like that.
It is not even a remix.
It's like, okay, let's just stop it, start playing Max 300, stop it again, start... It didn't even sound... It's not a remix.
It's just awful.
And people are like, oh, cool!
No, I haven't heard Climax.
Also, read in the chat room.
And if you're not in our chat room, you should join it.
Just go to our website, orangelounge.skie.cx and click on chat.
I swear she's like a cancer.
I have to say, to her credit, lately she's been able to hold a key.
But I think that's just because someone's been beating her over the head more and more.
You know, it's like, for anyone who's ever been in band, you can buy an instrument and it can be built out of tune.
Well, I think that Politary has been built out of tune.
So they did what they do with some instruments and beat them into shape.
I know Brad would be so mad at you right now.
What was that machine in Josie and the Pussycats?
The one, the big machine they had that would make them all in tune?
Not the Mr. Movie Phone, there was something else.
Then they had the subliminal messages from Mr. Movie Phone, you know?
Purple is the new orange.
You know, he's talking about that machine that, you know, you can sing out of key and sing in key.
That's probably how you got 100 points for that.
Hey, hey, hey, I don't like where you're going with that, mister.
I don't like where you're going with that.
I actually, you know what, maybe I can find it later.
No, I couldn't play it during the actual show, but I do have Irene and I. I taped Irene and I singing Boys.
I remember.
We got 100 on it, too.
One day at Rob's little apartment in Roseville, when I had laryngitis, Rob standing tall while everyone was sitting, with his hand to his side, diva-style singing that I'm like a bird song, with his eyes skyward, and I'm sitting here going, God damn, I'm glad I have laryngitis.
I have a very vivid memory of just this, like Rob's on stage with a spotlight on him and he's got a feather bullet.
Now that's going to be DDR Idol.
No, actually I am not participating in DDR Idol, but I have a brother who is.
Mr. Spanky.
I want to be a judge.
No, we already have the judges for DDR Idol, I guess, what's going on.
Alright, let's talk March Madness.
I need to go ahead and say one thing.
The only thing that any of us from Sackboy Money are doing is admin work.
And running the 2DX portion of the tournament.
2DX tourney is going to rock, by the way.
It's going to be pretty intricate.
Rules will be posted within the next few days, possibly as soon as tomorrow.
And it's going to be cool.
I think you guys will like it.
A lot of people are coming from out of town to do it.
As far as Perfect Attack goes, there's rules posted on DDRSpot.com, DDRFreak, in the tournament forum.
They're going to be on Sack of Imani as soon as we get the site up.
As we all look at Loki.
I'll throw something together then.
You have any answering questions and then beating people with bats?
Actually, you know, I'm thinking about auctioning off my bat.
Yeah, what's this about you're going to put your bat on the new DDR Freak Marketplace or something?
No, I'm just going to go around and hit people in the head with it and go, Hi, you've been deemed by, you know, some of the most famous people in the big money world.
At least they've been seen.
You've already, you actually hit yourself with a bat.
Uh, question for Loki from the chat room, and I already think I know the answer.
But, apparently the rumor is you can triple A Fuhurata's theme.
Is that true?
What?
What?
Somebody in the chat room is asking if you can triple-A Fuhurata Steam, Ninzaburro.
No?
I can't triple-A shit, man.
I totally suck at PA.
Somebody claims they played DDR with you and you triple-A'd it.
Okay!
I wish I was there because I only played doubles.
So how much drugs were these people doing?
I don't know.
I only played doubles, and if I triple-A'd that, I mean, that would be pretty sweet, but no.
I might have triple-A'd it on basic.
I've double A'd Rhythm and Police on my new pads that suck.
You know what?
You know what fucking sucks?
Again, one great on all these EX songs.
I can't get my fucking triple A on Heavy.
I always get one fucking great.
Oh, that brings me around to the FUs.
I can't even get one great.
Five is my best, I think.
Back to Marsh Madness.
Oh, hi, yes.
Fourth mix?
I don't know, the guy's in Iowa, so that's a really good question.
Where was I in Iowa?
This is actually turning into a pretty good story.
On the dream plane, no.
But no, back to March Madness.
Hello.
The dates for the tournament are March 29th, March 30th.
It will be at Scandia in Sacramento.
There's addresses, there's directions.
Everything's going to be posted in one form or another.
But we're going to be giving updates throughout.
Like we were saying, we should have rules for the 2DX tournament posted this week.
And it's going to be fun, right?
Yeah.
It's going to be fun.
Fun.
It'll be exciting.
It'll definitely be exciting.
It will make people's heart race.
It'll bring a couple of thrills.
Oh, yes.
And I still want my home run derby tournament for March Madness.
We are actually working on that.
I actually did leave the suggestion for doing the... We didn't get to talk about it in depth, but I did leave the suggestion for... This is the bummer.
Like, you know, bang a ball for dollars.
Yeah.
I had suggested that we possibly at Scandia have bumper boats at Scandia, that we have a wet t-shirt contest in the bumper boats.
However, unfortunately, they can't do that.
It's a family environment.
Because...
I work there, okay?
You got the inside on the bumper boats, alright?
I can make that happen, trust me.
My co-workers would probably, in fact, you know, enter a couple people they know in the contest.
I'm totally serious, too.
This is the problem.
From what I told, a big radio station here in Sacramento, the Rock Station in Sacramento, did a big... As I hear the grunt from the former intern...
It's the better one, not the one that plays the Sublime song every six songs.
Mommy, mommy, I saw boobies!
Dad's going to park his car in your garage.
Why would you go run home and tell your mom?
It's like, Mom, look, I saw boobies.
Don't tell your mom that.
Since I used to be the intern there, I'll tell you right now, 95% of the contests they have are all horrible ideas, just like that one, because they don't ever think of what can happen.
They just think of what's going to get the most 40-year-old dirty guys out there.
That's all it is.
Like the people doing it in the church?
That was good radio.
So what, can we go, like, hire people to go to the Presbyterian church down the road and go, hey, hey.
You know, this is going to be interesting, though, because we will be broadcasting, Orange Islands Radio will be broadcasting live all day long, both days.
We're going to have a lot of help this time.
We're not leaving one person in control.
We're not going to be constrained in the corner.
No, this is going to be great.
That was your trial by fire.
If things work out like we're hoping, Orange Islands Radio is going to have its own little freaking temple that day.
It's going to be awesome.
Can I get a squirt gun to shoot people with?
Yes.
Yes.
I have a squirt gun that looks like an Uzi.
March...
No, it actually is just a water gun, but it looks exactly like a doozy.
It was part of my Jill Valentine costume for Resident Evil AX.
The first time I played DDR was dressed as Jill Valentine on a DDR machine.
Did you play Silent Hill?
No.
Actually, my first song that I ever played on third mix was Xanadu.
Of course.
And then Dynamite Rave.
and Army Boots.
Never play Dynamite Raven Army Boots, by the way, especially ones that aren't broken in.
Ah, 23rd Magus has a zing here.
We'll be broadcasting from the Temple of Butt.
Come inside the Temple of Butt.
We should hang a little sign.
It's too bad Scandia is the family fun center.
It'll have to be the Temple of Gutius Maximus.
Rob, what are we going to do?
Barbecued fried clams?
Oh!
Alright.
Okay.
Y'all are dirty!
I don't know, 100 tacos ain't enough to feed RTF by themselves, man.
100 tacos ain't enough to feed Mike Ngo.
What are you guys talking about?
No, but seriously, March Madness, it kind of, like everybody was expecting there to be a March Madness this year, and everybody was kind of looking out for it, but at the same time, it literally seems to have come out of nowhere, and it's rapidly snowballing, festering, getting huge.
It's going to be like this huge event.
It's going to be the biggest thing in NorCal Intel B3.
So, you guys have to come if you're in the area.
I can't say anything officially on this yet, but keep your eyes on all the boards.
Keep listening to us.
Because there might be a little bit more to this tournament.
Are you talking about the Power Station bit?
Because that has been officially announced.
It's a twist greater than Joe Millionaire!
Look out!
It's an all-new tournament.
That's a twist.
This tournament is also going to serve as qualifiers for that other one.
It's going to serve as qualifiers for the big Power Station tournament, which is this chain of arcades, I believe, and maybe you know a little more about this, Mel?
I don't know.
I think there's going to be somewhere around three qualifiers, I believe.
Two in SoCal, I think one in Fresno, maybe two in SoCal, one in NorCal, just of course being the first.
Yeah, it's going to be an invite-only contest.
Yes, I believe top three from each competition will be invited to the big power station for a thousand bucks in prizes or like more.
Then we do have a twist.
At March Madness, ladies and gentlemen, top six will be qualifying.
So if you want a good chance of qualifying... I think I'd better get on the bus then.
Is this for PA or something?
Freestyle.
Freestyle.
And PA.
Oh, you've got to enter PA, Dave.
You might qualify for the power station.
You can walk away with fabulous cash and prizes.
Oh boy!
I don't know if a fourth mix is giving away.
If you don't enter the 2DX tournament, I'm going to kick you.
But I'm not good at 2DX.
Brad and DJ Syndrome are good.
DJ Syndrome can't enter.
DJ Syndrome is helping us run it.
So are you going to enter?
Fine.
Alright.
They were asking me if I was going to enter.
I got a chuckle out of that one.
Well, there might be incentive for even the bad people to be entering.
The people who don't consider themselves good at 2DX.
There's even incentive for you guys to enter.
I can't even play 2DX.
It's just a surprise.
I look like a fucking retard going, NERD BUTTONS!
You know what's funny?
It's the way the 2DX machine is at Scandia right now.
You know how the buttons light up and they flash?
On the one-player side, the two-key...
and the six key are burned out.
So you have the four on the bottom and then the middle one.
It looks like a giant middle finger.
Because you have these four ones on the bottom and then one that's kind of raised up above the others.
So it's kind of cool.
And little does everybody know, but all the right side players had a hand in that.
Oh.
Right side pride.
Whatever.
Whatever.
Whatever.
Am I the only one that plays left side in here?
I think so.
Shit.
Shit.
I'm outnumbered.
I'm not the cheese, I'm the princess.
Alright, anyway.
I'm also a model and an actress.
I'm also a model and an actress, so fuck you too.
Anyway, Black Lab says, and he's making a pretty big claim here, Black Lab is going to enter Perfect Attack and beat Tigger.
He doesn't say he's going to win, he just says he's going to beat Tigger.
We need this on film.
Puppy's making a call.
And sadly enough, about 90% of the whole world is kind of, you know, hoping that would happen too.
No offense, Tigger.
Good guy.
Just, goddammit, lose for once.
You know, I still got giddy when you beat me.
I tried to be humble about that because I know it was a luck.
It was just total luck.
One great, it was luck.
You know what?
I only lost to Tigger by like 32 greats.
I was close.
It was like, you know, fingers, toes, fingers, and a couple toes.
I mean, we were playing Can't Stop Falling In Love, Speed Mix, and he got like 9, and I got like 40.
It was close, but he had it by a little bit.
Next time.
You know, just for the fun of it, I think that even I would enter this if I wasn't running half of it.
I would enter this contest.
Actually, I know somebody that's going to be entering, and I'm helping this person train.
So, you know, I'm pretty close, too.
So, we'll see what happens.
But this person will be entering DDR Idol, and it will be fabulous.
I guarantee it.
Ah.
So, anyway.
Do we want to do the FUs of the week?
Yes.
I need angst.
We need you to explain the FUs of the week because we have some new folks listening.
My God.
How much do you have to explain what the fuck you mean?
Just give the brief rundown of the, Jamie, I'm going to do it for you, the fuck yous of the week.
All right.
That made me happy.
Basically, this is where we talk about stuff that pisses us off.
The end.
Love, Jamie.
Alright, then on that note, let's get to it!
This is fucked up!
Um, my first fucking leak goes toward people who drive slow in front of me.
As in, like, the grandma from earlier today.
She had around her license tag, quilting keeps grandma off the road.
Why was she on the road?
And why was she taking off her wig in her car?
She's like, oh, I'm driving 20 miles an hour.
I'm going to take off my wig and scratch my head.
Oh, let me adjust.
Okay.
You know, I have nothing against old people.
Except the way they drive.
But I have things against old people who can't drive.
I think that when you reach like maybe 60 or so, you need to retake your full driving test to make sure that you are capable of operating your vehicle like the rest of the world.
The other thing on the other part of the week is for speed limit.
Why is it like 40 just a suggestion?
Because everybody else who goes down El Camino or Arden goes 50 to 5.
Or Fair Oaks in the morning on my way to work.
And the other thing goes toward the guy who sold us our car from the dealership.
I still don't have my title yet.
You know, I can try to get my title.
Although I'm not in a train, so...
Um, my other one goes toward, um, um, I forget.
Shermie for being a butt all weekend.
My cat.
My sweet baby.
Who's been a butt hole all weekend.
I mean, she's been a butt hole to me, too.
And my other one goes toward...
Um, our Neo Geo for having cords that are not, like, working properly to get the sun cut out and set my shirt on, too.
And, um, another one goes toward not having money.
Because I'm paying for my car.
Oh, and a really big fuck you.
And a few people know about this.
I've been trying to apply for a position at my old job as internally posted.
And under the terms of my displacement, I am eligible to apply for this job until March 17th.
Because I'm still considered technically an employee of the company, just not officially.
I'm a displaced employee.
Well, Julie, who was kind enough to send in all the stuff for me, gets an email or a call or something from one of the HR people and says, No, she can't apply for this because she has dyslexia.
What the hell, that completely contradicts my dyslexia.
So I'm going to call them and say this.
Okay, if I can't apply for this job, then you need to create a position for me like you did with... I won't say her name.
I'm all done.
Don't fuck with Jamie.
You make sure someone knows about it and you get it fixed because nothing changes until you make it change.
You're going to do something big enough to cover for those other eight people.
Exactly.
I'm sorry.
And I want to do what I can to make sure those other people get off their asses and take care of the business.
You know, I don't stand for that if I can help it.
Preach on, sister.
What?
I got a face.
F that face.
I'm done now.
Okay.
Let's move on to Loki.
I think this court's long enough.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, the first one, the first FU I have has a story behind it.
Now, I read on Yahoo News there's this guy, he's doing the movie industry for all the trailers that they have on before the movie and the commercials, because, you know, most of the time it's like, say, 12.45, 12.51, or in this case, it was like 5 minutes or something like that.
Well, F you to that guy because you suck.
You can't wait fucking five minutes to see the damn movie.
I had to wait fucking 15 minutes to see the movie.
No, wait.
No, wait.
No, I agree with that guy.
F those commercials.
Hey, hey, hey.
Shut up.
Shut up.
Trailers are fine.
Shut up.
Okay, I haven't even gotten there yet.
Hey, F you.
No, listen.
This is my...
This is my time, okay.
So F you to that guy because you can't wait fucking five minutes.
And F you to the fucking viewers for putting commercials.
Then trailers.
In which case, then you've got, okay, this, okay.
Before Daredevil today, there was two fucking trailers for X-Men 2.
Right after each other.
Hello?
No, it's different trailers, but it's not the point!
The whole point is there's two fucking trailers of the same goddamn movie!
I didn't forget that I just saw a trailer right before the last one!
God, and F you to the stupid movie industry for continuity issues!
Hello!
Make your movies make sense!
When you see a reflection in someone's glasses the exact same way as looking at it, it doesn't make sense!
And they have, like, a part in Daredevil, okay, where they've got this chick and, um, Elektra and Daredevil fighting...
for no apparent reason, he met her, hi, how you doing, I don't like being touched, so they get in this fight scene and stuff happens for no reason, which fight scene are you talking about, when he first met her in the park.
F you to Wells Fargo for not sending me a fucking replacement card when mine expired and I had to wait, first I had to wait in line for 30 minutes while some stupid person's like, I don't want to wait in line for 5 minutes
So, you know, he left and then he came back and made another scene saying how he wants to get his money and they said no and then he left.
So I had to wait in line for that then to tell them, tell me to call 800 number to get my card.
What the fuck's the bank for if I, everything I need from, you know, the bank is through the 800 number?
Why the hell does a bank exist?
This is why Jamie makes it safe.
So, that's just stupid, so I called the number and, yeah, they were nice, at least on the phone number.
Um, F you to stupid old people, just because you're old and stupid.
And, uh, and F you to the Burger King, because no, I don't want to donate a fucking dollar to help children get wheelchairs.
They can rot in hell.
They were born defective, and they should die defective.
Oh my god, you're awful!
So, enough of that.
And...
I wonder if this means in the future when everyone has test tube babies, you know, I'm sorry my child arrived with this part wrong, can I just have an order replacement part?
Oh sure, we'll order it from the cloning farm.
Children will come with warranties.
God damn.
And you know what?
I don't care about all the stuff that's going on in the news, how they're talking about Saddam disarming, arming, doing whatever in Korea.
Well, seriously, does Korea want to get blown out of the sky?
I mean, seriously.
They're just like, hey, we're building nukes now.
Oh, sorry, we don't care about you.
We're talking about Iraq.
Well, we just fired a missile.
See, we can do that now.
We don't care about you.
Well, we're amassing an army.
What?
Do you want us to come over and nuke you?
Is that what you want?
Are you asking us to do it?
I mean, because I'm sure we'd be just fine with doing that.
I mean, seriously, it's like, hello, I'm here.
Hello, I'm North Korea.
Hello.
I mean, it's so stupid.
It's like, you're not even a full country.
You're a north part of a continent.
Or part of a continent.
Those are like the toenails of the continent.
Seriously, North Korea, that's like North Dakota attacking us.
It's stupid.
God damn it.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff.
And there is a missile silo in North Dakota.
Loki has funny angst.
God, I had other things.
Oh, oh yes.
An FB to my stupid Cypherbeat Nation pad.
Where are the fucking stupid pads I got?
Cypher Games, that's it, because they bend after one fucking game.
These nice pads, you know, fucking bent, like, instantly.
They're supposed to, you know, support 300 pounds.
I think if someone stepped on those 300 pounds, the pads would just, like, just disintegrate and be gone.
Oh, yeah, and one final FD to the movie industry.
I mentioned this before.
and I'm gonna say it again probably every week until this movie comes out and then after I see that movie just because I have to go make fun of it.
Listen, this whole continuity thing, the fucking movie The Core makes no fucking sense.
Okay, okay, The Core.
Here's the core, basically, a brief summary.
We developed this weapon to cause earthquakes to, you know, attack people.
Then, oh, somehow we stopped the core from spinning, which causes weird electrical storms and shit that destroys the world, and we have to jumpstart the core.
Well, how else do you think you jumpstart the core?
Oh, well, it's...
designed this vehicle to drill into the middle of the core and everything's solved with nuclear weapons so why not detonate a nuclear bomb and hope that everything's fine and then ride the giant shockwave with the molten lava that's going to engulf the whole thing and magically fly out through the surface of the earth and be fine while this magic guy who's played by DJ Qualls or whatever his name is that stupid nerdy guy from Road Trip he's going to hack the planet because he's the best hacker ever he can hack the planet he's going to hack the information coming out of the planet
and so on.
You know, stupid, out of, you know, fish out of water movies.
I hate them.
I hate them, and I wish you'd die.
We need more midget vampire movies.
I have one, yeah.
Midget porn.
Fuck midget porn.
Anyway.
Vampire midget porn.
Carpooling midgets!
Are you guys having a go?
Is that what you're up and ready to go?
Did you want to do FUs really fast?
I'll let you go first.
Did you want to do some FUs?
Alright, Melby and Sharkscrawl are having to get going pretty soon here, so I thought I'd let them step in and do some FUs of the week if they would.
All right, well, I'll make this one real short and sweet.
Apparently, I'm just not as passionate as these other people, but I do have an IP of the week.
It's to those people who are, like, totally anti-against this upcoming Pony campaign.
I don't know if any of y'all heard of it, but I guess Pony wants to have Jenna Jameson, of all people, be their spokesmodel.
Now, and, like, they're going to put billboards and everything all around SoCal and all that stuff.
There's just, like, this total...
I don't know why.
I mean, can't porn stars just get normal credibility like everyone else?
They want to be real actors.
They got feelings too.
Hell, I would.
I mean, I could see it right now.
After that, find Ron Jeremy.
He could be up on TV.
You know, me and a pony have one thing in common.
Ha!
Whips him right out.
And then, of course, you know, it comes down right to the shoes.
I don't know, that's just, I, you know, personally, that's just, I just don't get mad at the world very much, just when people hate porn, you know.
Porn is cool.
Go see Dream Quest.
It's cool.
Never mind.
Wow, anyway.
Sharks, do you have any FUs you'd like to give?
She's shaking her head no.
Well, how about any final thoughts before you guys have to head out?
Sorry, babe.
Okay, well, we'll see you next time.
You're going to come back and visit us.
We'll see you at March Madness, yes?
Actually, I don't know if I'll be here for March Madness.
I have Sharks tickets, I think.
And it's most likely I'm not bringing Sharks tickets this year.
So it's going to be the last game I get to see for a long time.
So I've blown off two different games to come see you guys.
All right, all right.
I can't do it this third time.
Okay.
I have to check.
I cry, but okay.
Okay, good.
Mel, any final thoughts for Mel B?
Moose are so nearsighted, they often try to mate with cars.
Wow, I did not know that.
Did you know that, Jamie?
Actually, yes.
God bless Cram.
Go watch Cram.
And we need to call the Cram.
We are going to be on Cram, and we're going to cover it for Orange Lounge Radio.
I can't wait.
They're going to put us at a storefront and make us stay up for 24 hours.
That's going to be freaking entertaining.
I could never do that, because that would be like reliving all of middle school, high school, and college.
That accounts for ten years of my life.
I'm not going to relive that ever again.
Shark Skull's back there explaining the concept of Cram the Loki.
Shall I just explain it to everybody?
Yes, please do.
Okay, it's a game show on the Game Show Network.
They showed it, like, depending on what feed you get, it's either 8 or 11 p.m.
weekdays.
The concept is this.
It's a trivia show.
They give you all the books, all the information you need, and you have to stay up for 24 hours straight.
You're not allowed to sleep.
You're in a storefront.
People can see in.
You can see them.
I've seen people making faces and doing entertaining things to the people outside.
and you have to read all these books and all this information and remember it and then they quiz you on it when you get on the show and make you do entertaining things like stand on like balance beams and stuff but mind you you haven't slept in over 24 hours so it's pretty fun to watch these people and then at the end if you actually make it and you're the winning team they have this lovely woman
who will tuck you into a nice warm bed and put a nice black eye cover on you and read you facts.
And she reads you facts in a voice like this.
Adolf Hitler and Mussolini both had venereal disease.
You are getting so sleepy.
And I'm just like, oh shit, I'd be gone.
And if you win, you have to answer five questions in a row, right?
And you get $10,000.
And I think we'd be fabulous.
Oh, I think Melody and I would take it all.
So we've got to get on there.
I think I would do okay at this, except for the fact that I don't want to.
Because when I was in college, every time an exam would come up, I wouldn't sleep for four days.
The most I stayed awake was five days in a row.
I worked during part of this.
I stayed up one night running D&D, actually two nights running D&D games while people were studying.
And I took all of my exams, did not make less than a B on them.
The last day, after all my exams, I'm sitting at my friend's house watching them on their computer.
Next thing I know, I'm in my dorm room, in bed.
Blink, blink.
Sounds like a bad sorority party.
I loved college.
Anyway, you know, whenever there's an opportunity that comes up to make an ass out of myself, I'm there.
So, you know, Melody, we gotta do it.
And hey, not only do you make an ass out of yourself, you get money for it.
Yeah, money, money, money.
I feel like they'll be asking me questions...
All right, well, bye, guys.
Thank you for coming.
Yay, we're so happy you guys came.
So we'll get back to the angst in just a minute here, but first some lovey-dovey hugs all around.
Hug, hug, hug.
Aw.
Thanks for coming.
Bye.
Have a safe trip back.
Later.
How you doing?
Big hug for Mel B. All right.
Ah, manly hug.
Bye.
All right.
Bye.
He said bye.
Mel B and Shark Skrull have left the building.
Okay, so back to the fuck you's then.
Where's your booze?
You don't get booze, you're driving.
It's your turn.
You can drink the drop sitter at the bottom of here.
Alright.
Moving on.
Alright, I have some FUs of the week.
Let's see, my first FU of the week goes to...
Irene, because Irene was rooting against me today in Mario Party 4, because she was just pissed off that I whooped her ass last night at Mario Party 4.
And so, of course, I won the game again, just to show you not to fuck with me in Mario Party.
Because I rule.
Anyway.
My other... My other FU of the week goes to Mardi Gras last night, because I'm not willing to do that for beats.
And I guess that's really it.
I guess that's all my... Oh, you... What?
Sadly enough, you guys almost convinced me to go with you.
Really?
Almost.
Until the beats thing?
Well, no, not the whole beats thing.
I was just really bored last night.
I ended up falling asleep working on my website.
It won't be the last time we go.
We'll go again.
I've never been there.
It's fun.
I've been hit on by gay guys before down at Sunday Night at the Rage.
You would probably get hit on by less people at this club than you would there, honestly, because enough straight people go there.
My other fuck you of the week that since Rob reminded me and one I brought up to Brad earlier today is that fuck you to everybody who uses the word Mardi Gras for an excuse to throw a party because first of all Mardi Gras means Fat Tuesday
That's the day before Ash Wednesday, right?
Right.
Okay, Mardi Gras is, the real ones are held in Mobile, which is where it started, where I'm from, Mobile, Alabama.
New Orleans, which is, you know, basically crap Mardi Gras.
For fraternity and sorority girls to end up on Girls Gone Wild.
Yeah.
Oh, I forgot to ask Melody when Guys Gone Wild's coming out.
Damn it.
Um, and they hold it in Biloxi, Mississippi.
I just have to ask, this is really, really important.
Loki, when does Guys Gone Wild come out?
Yeah, we want to know.
You know, actually, Guys Gone Wild was supposedly already out.
I've been trying to get the video, but I've had it on backorder for two months.
Guys going crazy.
I've had it on backorder for like two months now, and apparently the studio that we ordered it from is such a small studio that they won't take orders when we have so many titles on order.
I had another one also, girls going XXX wild, extra wild or something like that.
But the guy's going crazy from what I heard, it's just a bunch of video of guys getting head and stuff from women and stuff, I think.
I want to see guys getting head from other guys.
Okay?
Jamie, don't hold back.
Well, you know what?
You know what?
We can get you some... I can try... I know that they have some of those Vivid DVDs.
I had one at one point in my possession.
I think I ended up throwing it out when I moved, but we had one.
It was like...
They had, like, a bunch of, you know, guy fucking scenes.
They had one guy getting fucked by a machine type thing.
Ah!
Ah!
I don't want a guy on a robot.
Damn.
I wanted to tell you about the site that I found by accident, Man Machine.
Accident, huh?
No, it's real.
Alright, I was, okay, I was looking at Bill Jensche, but I found this one that, it was a link to this, and I think this site is down, I thought it was manmachine.com.
But it was these guys, like the first thing you see on this page is this guy attached to a machine with like this rotating thing of his ass.
and, you know, I couldn't, it was... Is that like the fleshlight?
I don't know.
But back to what I was saying, what was I saying?
Oh yeah, Mardi Gras.
Oh yeah, Mardi Gras.
That thing that you went to last night, I can't think that that was Mardi Gras.
No, it wasn't Mardi Gras, it was Show Your Dick, Get Some Beats Night.
Yeah.
See, I would only show any of my body parts
If there was a lot of money involved and nobody else was there.
Turn off all the lights, give me a million dollars, flash!
You know, flash in the night.
I'm glad you brought the show back to Bomani because we kind of forgot our roots there for a minute.
Flash in the night, in the dark where no one can see.
Oh yeah, because we've got to finish the segment now because it's already been going for about 40 minutes.
Let's start with the intern, Ryan, what's up?
I've only got a couple, really.
Shut up!
I'm saying an FU.
FU.
Oh.
No, like, one I got is...
FU to all the little kids and the one adult who decided it would be a good idea to run across the crosswalk on DDR.
And for people who don't know what the crosswalk is, we gave it the name basically because there's the machine and a lot of places have that wood piece between the panels and the machine.
So kids decided to run across there over and over and over again.
And we had an adult.
Last night I was playing over at Scandia and some little kid got up on there when I was doing doubles and I knocked the kid like four feet off the panel.
His dad just laughed at him though.
No, that's cool.
Because I said, I feel really bad.
And he's all, no, don't worry about it.
I told him not to go up there.
That guy gets the parenting award of the week.
Yeah.
It was really cool.
And another one is, fuck you to people who think it is the coolest idea to stand behind you.
You're like, what the hell?
Okay.
This is not Miss America.
Stop balancing things on your head.
I got one.
It goes a little...
It kind of goes along with your movie thing.
There's a story in this movie that I just saw a few years ago about a guy who kills people with rats.
That is the weirdest idea ever.
It seems just off the wall in a way that sucks.
That's all I'm gonna say.
I don't have anything to add.
One more F you and this goes to Scandia.
Actually this goes to the kids of Scandia.
Alright.
If I have to listen to you go WHOO WHOO every time a fucking whistle song comes out, I'm gonna kill you!
They did that for like four fucking hours!
We were in the top secret meeting room and we heard whoop whoop and Keith was like, oh yeah, they're playing the list of songs.
They did that every game, like twice.
Oh my god, I wanted to go have my lunch break and these people, I came in like three hours later to take my 20 minute break, these people were still in there doing this shit.
It was driving me crazy.
I remember it was cool when you thought about it and didn't do it.
Yeah.
That was about it.
Yeah.
Like,
That's what they've been doing, yeah.
Don't make fun of that, because some people used to do that.
It really wasn't me or anything.
Here.
I have a couple fuck yous to make.
Wait, wait, because I had one more I needed to do, and then we can go to yours.
Okay, here's my FU.
My other FU of the week.
This was a good one.
Okay, a bunch of us were standing all around just outside of the party room, kind of by the 2DX machine.
Myself, Jamie, Irene, Brad, and Keith, Scandia Tech.
We were all sitting around outside the party room.
We were just kind of all standing there, and we're talking, da-da-da-da-da.
You know, we're having a good time, and then all of a sudden I hear this voice behind me.
Excuse me!
Yeah, this lady just all of a sudden out of nowhere, she's like, excuse me!
And we all turn around and she's just, she's trying to get by.
She didn't try to like tap anyone on the shoulder, just kind of like, even kind of like go and try to get by.
She just went, excuse me!
And so she walked away and when she was, when she was kind of like out of sight but still within hearing distance, I went, you're excused!
And she turned around and gave me the dirtiest look in the world.
Anyway.
Irene said the best thing, though.
Are you on your period?
I was like, no, it must be the day before.
All right, Johnny, yes.
Yes.
Johnny Bombay has a couple of fuck you's to make that are really, like, legit.
These are legit fuck you's, not something that I saw irritating me.
These are, like, legit fuck you's.
I have a fuck you, okay, a couple at Scania.
Not so much at Scania, but...
There are a few employees there that I need to say fuck you to.
I was in LA a couple days ago and I bought a watch there.
And I took it to my job.
I had it in my backpack.
I put my backpack down in our break room.
I go in there, when I get off, I clocked out, I was ready to leave, I go in there to get it, and my watch is gone.
The only people allowed in the break room are employees.
Now, one of my fucking co-workers took my fucking watch, and I will kill you.
If it's my fucking manager, I don't give a fuck, I will kill you.
I don't care if it's Paul.
No way.
Wait, no, wait, wait.
No, wait, Paul, yeah.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange On Radio.
Yeah, yeah, Paul, never mind.
Paul, you can keep it.
It's a present.
Okay.
And, uh, okay, also, fuck you to some more fuck yous.
Like, there are a lot of little kids there that are really immature, like, with the go-karts and everything, and it's like, nobody knows how to drive a go- it's like, it's so weird how people do not know how to drive a go-kart.
All you have to do is gas and brake, gas and brake.
We had some, we had, we had, fuck you to some senior citizens that came and rode go-karts at my job.
They were the slowest go-kart riders in the world.
It was so funny.
You should have said, I know, you think they might have sped up, but no, it was all slow.
That's pretty much it.
Alright, Dave, give us some FUs, really fast, this chatroom's getting restless.
Okay, um, well, I don't really have that many, just FU'd all the things that make me have to drive slower.
Like speed limits, old people, the fear of cops, fast turns, shitty tires, and stoplights, all that stuff.
They're bad.
Because I try, yeah, okay, that's a lot of people.
Hey, I'm not one of them, I'm not one of them, okay.
No, um, and fuck you to not being able to turn fast enough, because, like, I was trying to go 50 in a residential area, and the tires started squealing hella bad.
I couldn't go 60.
No, and so, um, that's basically it, and F you to not being able to see into Jamie's car, because the light didn't seem to be working or something.
And so I had to search around in the dark for like two minutes to try to find what I was looking for and then how to lock the car because I couldn't figure it out.
But that's it.
Okay, Rob.
Alright, chatroom FUs.
I'm gonna run through these.
Bruheimer.
Fuck the snow for never fucking ending.
Fuck my swim team for having a boring ass social which I unfortunately attended only one to find that there were four people above the age of 15 there, me being one.
Fuck potheads.
Skyline says, I'm sorry, SkylineDC505 says, F you to initial D for making me broke, again.
23rd Magus says, Hey, that was four.
I have one more fuck you.
Fuck you to myself for making one of the hardest DWIs ever because I'm an asshole.
I made a DWI to hot limit that is really impossible.
So fuck you to myself.
It makes no sense.
Alright, moving on.
And stop making bad remixes.
Please.
Just because you know how to chop samples and put them next to each other doesn't mean you know how to remix.
Fuck you to this song because I just started doing the Samba de Amiga stuff to it.
The song rules and you still need to give me my porn.
Alright.
Like a long time ago.
The chatroom, okay, chatroom actually said, shut up, it's our turn.
Dude, my, dude, no, no, uh, Garrett?
No, SkylineDC505 needs... No, he didn't say that, he just, somebody else did, but it's funny.
No, look up farther, look up farther, it says it, uh, he needs... Moving on, moving on.
Anyway.
DarkTetsuya.
Hello, DarkTetsuya says, fuck the fact that girls don't want to talk to him.
Aww, girls want to talk to you.
DarkTetsuya.
You bitch!
I'm sorry.
You know I'm teasing.
I like our DT.
Fuck the initial D machine at CCL for being broken again.
What?
You are so mean.
Alright.
You know if I'm joking.
Sautome Ranma says, hey, I have... You pronounced it right.
What?
You pronounced it right.
Holy shit.
Rob pronounced something right in Japanese.
Oh my god.
My eyes are slanting as we speak.
Okay.
Loki in the back is going, Rob, you're getting shorter.
Anyway, I only have one F you, and it's to everyone that lies about their DDR accomplishments.
Pisses me off.
Everyone who lies about their DDR accomplishments.
You mean like Triple A and We Will Rock You?
I'm just kidding, I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
Um, Feh, sorry about the whole whore typing thing, I'm sleepless.
Oh, I have a second, fuck you.
It's all these secret spy camera pop-ups that have nearly, but not nearly naked women.
As in, they're not clothed, nor naked, but painfully in the middle.
Fuck that!
Go to J-List.
If you want to see boobs, if you want to see boobs and twat that's on the site that's not even a porn site, just go to J-List.com and look at the DVD section.
Just go to... Persian Kitty, for Christ's sake.
What's great is all those hidden camera sites.
Okay, the hidden camera things are for, like, security only.
So I never knew that I had naked models or close to naked models on my lawn.
Like, hours of the day that I don't realize.
But if I had a hidden camera, I would.
I'm done.
I actually do have one more fuck you, and that is to J-List.com.
I'm looking for a copy of Battle Royal on JList.com.
Instead, I have to look through so many pictures of boobs and twat, okay?
If I want to see boobs and twat, I'll actually go looking for porn, for real porn.
Ninja Usagi Koi I want to send an FU to whoever broke the fan in our arcade.
A big FU to our arcade manager for raising the price and not fixing the machine so it breaks for two weeks.
Then when it does get fixed, have to dish out $2 and die after the first round from the sheer heat.
That is way too freaking much for DDR.
You'll just be playing at the Metreon or something.
Yeah, at either the Metreon or at a convention or something.
Okay, uh... SnubDistinoid says, Fuck anyone that sees the magical invisible crosswalk of space between the DDR pads and the machine.
I failed an Oni.
Matchhead got fucked up and Zero actually accidentally ran into a kid just because people have a fascination with fucking us up.
I don't care if I look stupid or if I suck, I just don't want to step on a kid.
Or do I?
That, like, really sucked, too, because he was doing really good on the Oni, then some stupid little girl walked in front of the screen.
She didn't run, she took her sweet time and, like, stood there.
Like a friggin' moron.
We're gonna have to take to the tactics that we used to have at RVGL, where people would stand on either side of the machine.
That's actually what we started doing in the last half.
Matchhead was there, and he was there, and I was there, and we were just standing on both sides of the machine.
I think we should get, like, caution tape or something, and put it right there, and have the only way you can get in between the bars, because that would save a lot of trouble.
I will give another Scandia shirt to somebody, and we could just, I'll just give it to everybody, and we could just stand on each side, or they're wearing a Scandia shirt.
With the arms folded, looking intimidating.
Yeah, exactly.
Okay, moving on with this FU.
Did Ned expect us to fix the machine?
I don't remember how.
Oh, and fuck you to the kids who would not stop playing the whistle song.
That song is horrible.
And the guttural noises that they were screaming out made me ashamed of being an Aerosmasher.
Fuck them right in the ear.
That's all, surprisingly less than last week.
P.S.
Scandia was fun yesterday, but there were entirely too many people there.
RYC3 Rice says, fuck you to the bad weather in SoCal.
Fuck you local LA arcade owners for not believing you can't unlock songs on Extreme just by playing.
Hi guys!
Hi!
Daft Square says, F you damn Cali bastards who get all the awesome Bomani stuff while we Easterners take it in the butt as far as Bomani goes.
I'm jealous of you lucky sons of bitches.
Then move out here like I did.
Hey, I gave up my life and got on a plane.
Of course, it was before there was Bomani out here.
But the East Coast has hurricanes and snow.
And planes are going to skyscrapers.
And terrorists...
Lower gas prices, though.
Snow, lots of snow.
At least we don't have to pay like 20 bucks just to get to the arcade.
But also keep in mind that food is taxed there.
Alright, moving on.
The guys are off.
Loki, you are off the hook tonight.
Okay, Black Lab says, Fuck the horrible dining hall food.
Fuck the boring city of Davis.
Davis?
Davis?
I almost said Danish.
The People's Republic of Davis.
and fuck cheaters in online games and fuck boredom.
I thought that was the purpose of online games.
Yeah, but he's also part of staff, so he's allowed.
JB, Justin Circuit, says F you to airplanes, not being the speed of light so I can get my customized CD quicker.
Fuck Sky for playing the not-full version of Irresistible Men.
Fuck you too, I'll do what I want, bitch.
FU to my mom for making me clean my room that's still messy.
FU for making me FU's only three.
And then he says play a song.
The song I'm sending now is an excellent cover of I'm Like a Bird.
I don't know, we might have to try that.
We've dedicated this to Rob.
It's Rob's diva day.
Alright, we'll try that.
We'll try that.
We'll play that next break.
Okay, VidPowah says, FU to dumb workers who can't properly put up a restaurant sign and have only three-fourths of the letters light up while practically the rest of the entire mall has perfectly lit up signs.
Jay Kinetic, our favorite Jay Kinetic says Fuck you to Stone Cold Steve Often for coming back to the WWE I can't watch Raw Or is it Smackdown, the more suited show for Stone Cold
He got tired of beating his wife, so now he has to beat on wrestlers.
Hold on.
For coming back, slapping your wife in anger is never okay.
Fuck you to every scrub at Southland Mall tonight who couldn't play any song besides Orion 7-8.
Dang, that's like a year ago.
With Orion 7-8 getting played all the time.
Fuck you to the guy who made pop-up porn.
I don't give a shit about your sister getting ass raped violently by a horse while you shit on her face.
If I wanted prawn, I'd go to PersianKitty.com.
as I recommended earlier.
Jay Kinetic also says, Fuck you to bitch-ass roommates who don't do their dishes.
I work 40 hours a week and I still have a way to work out, wash dishes, and bullshit on the internet.
Fuck you to world discounters for some of the most ghetto, fake, crass, and bullshit stuff for high prices.
And F you to HappyHackers.com for taking down their backdoor section so now I can't get free porn from them.
And on that note, I think we finally exhausted the FUs of the week.
I have a request.
Oh, Jesus.
No, no request for a song.
Oh, what?
And this is important.
Later this week, we have lost one of our most beloved childhood entertainers.
Mr. Rogers died this week.
That was very sad.
So we have the Mr. Rogers theme.
I think we should play it during the break.
Let's see.
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood, a beautiful day in the neighborhood.
You were already fucking it up.
It's a beautiful day for a neighborhood.
It's a beautiful day for a neighborhood.
Would you be mine?
Yeah, it's not a beautiful day for a neighborhood.
Then could you be mine?
Alright, chat room, send it to us.
First of all, I have perfect pitch, and hearing this many people off-key is giving me a headache again.
If no one brings it, then I'll just bring it next time.
Okay, all of you are now Politary, so shut up.
For I'd beat you like Politary.
One last comment.
One last comment before we go to break.
And as the chat room is saying, we're disgracing the memory of a living saint.
It's like manny faces, remember, from He-Man?
Let's see.
Satomi Ranma says, Hey, look, it's me.
I just wanted to comment that Battle Royale is the most traumatizing movie I've ever seen.
I recommend it wholeheartedly.
It made me cry.
I don't know how they based a movie on kids killing each other, but they did it.
But you should buy it anyways.
Battle Royal is actually, and I found out more about this, is basically was sent as a statement to Japanese children, because actually school violence has gotten to be at a pretty big high.
And Japan said they made this to show the extreme side of violence in school.
Yeah, just like Series 7 said F you to the reality shows, and after Series 7 came out, so did tons and tons and tons and tons and tons and tons of reality shows.
So that didn't work.
And they're making a second Battle Royale.
Number two, coming out soon.
I have the first one, and it was awesome.
Especially the guy that goes around and kills everybody, because he's awesome, and then he gets killed in the end.
Yeah, it's awesome.
Jay Kinetic says, we fucked up the Mr. Rogers song so bad, it's as bad as George Bush not knowing the words to Jingle Bells.
Strong Mad forgets the lyrics to his favorite songs.
Anyway, okay, we're going to go to a break.
We're going to play that song JB says should be dedicated.
JB says we should play and Jamie says should be dedicated to me.
This is Sheldon with I'm Like a Bird, the dance remix.
That loud popping noise was brought to you by Propel.
Ow.
All right, we'll be back.
All right.
All right, everybody.
Okay.
Now, thanks to Akuma GM, we have the real thing.
So since you guys fucked it up so bad, myself included, sorry, here's your chance to study.
So there will be a quiz later.
So now, in memorandum of a living saint, here you go.
A moment of silence, please.
Okay.
Thanks for watching!
It's a beautiful day in this neighborhood, a beautiful day for a neighbor.
Would you be mine?
Could you be mine?
It's a neighborly day in this beauty wood, a neighborly day for a beauty.
Would you be mine?
Could you be mine?
I have always wanted to have a neighbor just like you.
I've always wanted to live in the neighborhood with you So let's make the most of this beautiful day Since we're together, we might as well say Could you be mine?
Could you be mine?
Won't you be my neighbor?
Won't you please?
Won't you please?
Please won't you be my neighbor?
My television neighbor, I'm glad we're together again.
Kale Kale Kutta
Hi, we're back.
I have food in my mouth.
I'm eating these combos.
Everybody left.
I haven't had combos in a long time.
And I swear to God, this is some of the most addicting shit in the world.
You know what I know is more addicting than those to me?
Well, actually, when I was in middle school, do you know what the snack was?
What?
The Everlasting Gobstopper.
No, but we used to take them out to see what color they changed.
That was the coolest.
And I liked it when they were in the middle.
And you know what?
I love all of you from Starmen.net because I want Mother64 to come out.
I was just about to say, we have all these new people in the chat room tonight.
I was trying to figure out where the hell they're all from.
And then I looked and somebody mentioned a site that they were all from, Starmen.net.
And then it's like, oh my god, it's an Earthbound site.
I love Earthbound.
Like, seriously, I almost love Earthbound more than I do DDR.
Earthbound was the shit.
You know what?
By the way, for people who actually have emulators, I've heard this, because I know that the guy who did Robotech Crystal Dreams has as much of the game that they had programmed out in ROM format for these emulators.
I have been hearing that there was a prototype ROM for Mother 64.
Right.
And I've been looking for it, so if any of you have it, please freaking send it to me.
They have a little section here on EB64.
Let me click.
I'm clicking here.
That they were going to plan a sequel, and there's little cute little screenshots.
Why the hell didn't this come out?
F Nintendo.
Why aren't we getting one of these on GameCube?
You know what frustrated me is every time I started Earthbound...
Animal Crossing Town, Onet
Really, that's cool.
Now that's, that was the shit when Ness was, ended up being in Smash Brothers.
Cause I own with Ness and Smash Brothers.
You know, I'm starting my non-soda drinking tomorrow.
All you have to do is sit there and you just PK fire the shit out of everybody.
PK fire!
Which reminds me, they're having a sale on Super Smash Brothers right now for like 29 bucks at Fry's and I'm so excited.
Oh, guess what?
They sent us the biggest joke in the universe for free.
What?
A request for PS2.
See, that's the great thing about my man managing GameStop.
Because we get free crap games for free.
Like, we got BMX XXX for free.
And then they sent us Evercrack.
And I'm laughing at it.
Loki's asking if you can borrow BMX XXX.
When people in here don't talk with microphones, it's hard for the folks to understand what's going on.
Can I borrow a BMX Triple X?
Much better.
Only if you have an Xbox.
You can come over and play, though.
We actually have some of the stripper stuff unlocked.
Anyway.
Oh, another neat thing for all of you who have a GameCube.
A little device called the Freeloader.
The freeloader is a little disc.
It works like the one that they had for the Dreamcast.
You put in your disc, you load the disc, then you put in your Japanese game, and lo and behold, it works!
And you don't have to need dinky little switches in the back of your GameCube.
So that's why I got to see Zelda before everybody in this room.
It's cool.
Actually, no, unless you've been playing the demo at GameStop.
But no, it's actually, I thought that I was gonna, see I was still feeling, you know, a little bit weird about that game just because Link looks like a dork.
But when you see the game in action, it's so freaking cool.
And like, you're in the dungeon and the, you know, to cross like the lava, you throw bottles of water at the lava and it cools it.
And you can ride them up jets of lava, it's so cool.
I was telling you about Dark Cloud earlier, that was another thing I was cool about is all the dungeons are randomly generated throughout the game.
Of course, right now I'm still trying to go back and finish Final Fantasy X, because I have this habit with any Final Fantasy game that I rush all the way through it just because I play really smart when I play.
Now I'm at the first Unalesca battle, and well, you know, Auron is at 4,000 hit points, Tidus is at 2,100.
And you know what?
That's way too little.
I'm supposed to be at, what, 6,000 hit points by now.
Xenosaga
I saw Xenosaga last year at March Madness, coming to think of it, when I was staying at Tyzone.
I saw the incredibly long cinematic intro to Xenosaga, and I was absolutely uninterested in it.
I thought it was pretty, but I'd never played Xenogears, so Xenosaga means nothing to me.
Xenosaga does nothing like Xenogears, though.
Other big news is, uh, Konami changed their logo.
And they lost their stupid little red yellow flag.
It was cool, like, the little walkie guy was cool.
It was, like, at the beginning of Dracula X2, also known in the U.S., and none of us who ever had the game in the U.S.
knows about this, for Castlevania Symphony of the Night, for the Japanese one, the Japanese Konami logo, the two little squiggly lines walk across the screen and it goes do-do-do-do-do-do.
Isn't that, that was also the same in Beat Mania 2nd, also.
Yeah.
That's where I saw it.
I thought it was a cool thing.
But, um...
And actually, a little Baymani reference to this, the song, what was it, Make a Jam?
The effects in that song are taken from the little walking Konami logo thing.
That's cool.
Yeah.
Like, Konami's new logo is about as exciting as Namco's logo.
Okay, Namco all by itself is cool because of Pac-Man.
I know, but the logo is so boring.
Konami's new logo is about as exciting as watching cheese ferment.
It's about as exciting as the Jaguar.
It's about as exciting as this radio program.
Virtual Boy.
Okay, Virtual Boy is more exciting than the new Konami logo.
Because, okay, the Virtual Boy gives me a headache.
The new Konami logo makes me want to throw up.
In other news, Poppin' Music 9 came out and it's cool.
Poppin' Music Best Hits also is out with brand new V-Rare CD number 4, which is also cool.
and the Absolute guitar version is supposed to be on New Poppin' Music and also there's new Des Rho songs.
Des Rho being the person that I can tie.
I did get the long version of that rock version of Absolute so we'll play that next break.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Okay, dead air, dead air, dead air, dead air, dead air, dead air, dead air, dead air, dead air, dead air, dead air, dead air, dead air, dead air, dead air, dead air.
Can somebody download the Death Row songs and like set me up with them?
Because all I have is Daikin Kai and I want to hear more stuff by them, but I can't download 30 megabytes on a 56K.
Let me know where and I'll do it.
Let me know where and I'll do it.
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
We had crumpling noises.
What the hell was that?
I keep moving the fucking cord over goddamn food that's in the middle here because it's about to tip over, and so I just move the food instead, you know.
Being proactive.
Ness for president.
You poor deprived child.
Dude, whatever happened to that guy, um, whatever happened to the guy that used to be on the Nintendo show, that guy, the Nintendo show, the guy with the zapper, the zapper guy.
Captain N. Captain N, whatever happened to him?
I downloaded the episode of Captain N where he went to the Zelda universe, and it had Link and Zelda, but they were, like, much taller, but it was the same voices.
That was cool.
But the episode sucks because I cannot go back and watch Captain N now that I know so much more about the background stories of these characters because Simon Belmont, okay, they had him as being this pretentious asshole.
When he's really supposed to be all honorable, I'm a vampire hunter and I'm a Belmont and damn, I'm cool.
Fuck that, dude.
You know what's going to be awesome is that fucking movie.
Mega High, by the way.
Van Helsing, the movie.
It's going to be awesome.
Ooh.
Like, wasn't the Captain N, didn't they play that during that horrible show where they'd have the two people compete in video game contests?
No, Captain N was its own show.
Oh, because I remember they had a show where they did that.
Captain N was even okay for a while, but they jumped the shark when they introduced Game Boy.
Oh my god.
As a person.
No, it was a Game Boy, and they would ride the Game Boy like a flying carpet.
and NakedMan would always say Mega High and Kid Icarus was stupid.
That's pretty bad.
They'd have Pit there and he'd be like, Hi, I'm Kid Icarus, but I'm not Pit.
John Fields wanted us to plug CaptainN.net.
Enjoy.
Dude, I'm going to go to that site.
Okay, I think that we should do the cage match now.
Match game or something, God.
You know what other show I remember though from the 80s?
Kid Video.
Freaking Kid Video was the best.
You know what?
I haven't understood one topic that we've discussed.
Because you a baby.
The whole night.
Jay Kinetic actually says here, he says, he married Kid Video.
That's what happened to Captain Eddie.
He married Kid Video.
They live in the Castro now and run a small bookstore.
Kid Video was the name of the band.
Maybe he married the whole band.
I don't know.
See, I remember the intro to that song.
Yeah, I agree.
Let's skip to the cage match.
And they would play, like, you know, horrible 80s videos afterwards.
Remember, do not play track one or two.
Do not play track two.
It will blow out your speakers.
One of the tracks will show up as the game.
Well, no, it was... Back to the day, yeah.
You want to know what's really cool is if you put in the Japanese version of the Dracula X2 and then put in Castlevania the Knight, he actually says exactly the same thing, just one's in English and the other.
They did a perfect translation on that.
There is no track 14.
Is it the last track?
It's the last track.
So is it track 13?
Whatever, okay.
It shows up as track 14 on mine.
If it ain't it, then I'll just get bitch slapped.
That's right, track 13 plus a dated track, so track 14.
Okay, we got that settled now.
Good.
Then, let's get it on.
The cage match, everybody.
Hooray.
Rob?
I don't know.
No, I'm too lazy.
But I've been to this one before.
Where's your house?
Tell people on Twitter.
Okay, so anyway, we'll talk about where Jamie lives.
Yes, but next week the show's going to be displaced.
We'll be at the house of Jamie.
But it'll be all the same fun and crazy pornography antics that you're used to.
And we'll have Shermie.
Word.
Okay, so anyway, back to the cage match.
Alright, last week on the cage match, in a very much surprise win, I was very surprised at this, but Chatroom has some weird tastes sometimes, but no, this is actually a pretty good song, this is a good one to win, but man, against, come on, Legend of Trance, I thought for sure that would win, and then we had the Love of the Angel, I thought the dedication would have votes built into it, but apparently...
Did Charum have other ideas in mind?
Because this is the winner.
This is Wild Side with Heaven is a Place on Earth.
This is the first song you can vote for in tonight's cage match.
The reigning champion.
Here's a clip.
All right, that's the first song you can vote for is Wild Side with Heaven is a Place on Earth.
The way the cage match works, by the way, for those of you who are kind of new to our chat room and the show, we're going to play three songs.
First off, we play a clip of last week's winner.
Then we'll play two full-length songs, two new songs that are chosen by the hosts.
And you guys vote on your favorite.
And the winner...
goes into rotation on Orange Lounge Radio's music show that plays all week long when we're not here with all your favorite DDR, 2DX, Tasmania music and the Cage Match winner.
So, that being said, you can't submit your votes until the end of the third song, though.
So don't send them yet because we've got two more to go, including Loki's Choice.
Loki, what did you pick for us tonight?
Tonight we have one of my most favorite Grant songs.
This is Sasha with his very, I think, pretty famous Expander.
Alright, and let me know if this is the wrong one on X-Things.
We're kind of trying to pull this from CD.
This might be the wrong track, but here we go.
This is Sasha with Expander, Loki's pick.
Alright, that was Sasha with Expander, that was Loki's pick for tonight's cage match.
Let's go around the room and get our thoughts on it.
Jamie?
Competitive, but nice.
I give it a 7.5.
7.5.
Johnny?
You're eating, alright, we'll come back to you, Johnny.
Alright, Loki?
I still like it, so I'm giving it a 9.
I thought it was actually pretty decent, so I give it like 8.5.
Dave?
I give it an 8.
Any reason why?
I wasn't really listening, and I can't say it was bad or good, but I trust Loki's judgment.
I say, I agree with Jamie, it was a little bit repetitive, I give it a 7.
Johnny?
I'll go around the majority and pick the average, I'm going to say 7.
Alright.
Yeah, it was...
Okay, so that's two down, one more to go.
This is the last pick for tonight's cage match.
This is a song I downloaded.
Actually, Billy, the guy that was here earlier, Billy the Big Homo, who told us the Mardi Gras story, suggested I download this song, and it ain't too bad, and I could totally see it in DDR.
So I thought you guys might enjoy it.
And this is... No, I should put Kylie Minogue in, though, huh?
You know what?
Fuck that.
Fuck this pick.
I've changed my mind.
I have done a last minute change my mind pick.
I want Kylie in the cage match.
I know a song I want to hear.
So, my pick for tonight's cage match.
God, I hope I can find it.
Hold on, I gotta... No, no, no.
It's a different one.
It's really fucked up.
But I'm kind of going really random.
Okay, this is my pick.
Oh, I downloaded something for Billy and I forgot to bring it.
I got the lingerie commercial to download.
I downloaded it for Billy and I didn't give it to him.
You know, okay, I'm being told that I don't get it, that that track is one of the mainstays of Trance and all that.
It's been around for eight years.
So what?
It's still repetitive.
That's my opinion.
Eight years is old.
Eight years is old.
All right.
Okay, I changed my mind.
This is my pick instead, because I want to get really random.
The other one was too mainstream.
This is Kylie Minogue with a song that Robbie Williams helped her co-write, and it's really messed up, and the video's cool, and it looks like Xanadu.
It really does.
Billy told me.
I'm going to download this one.
This is called Your Disco Needs You, and this is my pick for tonight's cage match.
Enjoy.
Thank you for watching
You're sold on vanity, but that's so see-through Take your body to the floor, your disco needs you From soul to soul, your disco needs you
Thanks for watching!
Alright, Kylie Minogue with Your Disco Needs You, going around the room starting with Jamie.
Rob, I'm going to paraphrase Happy Bunny when I say this.
That song just made me throw up a little.
It gets like a four.
I thought it was pretty tight.
Yeah!
Johnny knows good music when he hears it.
I'm going to go ahead and give that an eight and a half.
Oh yeah.
That was pretty tight.
Okay, I like Robin Williams and Kylie Minogue.
Robbie Williams, there's a difference.
Whatever.
Okay.
Okay, I loved it when he sang Millennium.
And, you know, Kylie Minogue is pretty cool.
Even though I don't like her for any of her music.
But that movie, um, or, yeah, I'd like to think of it as a movie because most of the movies I've seen suck, and that song, too, did suck.
It sucked pretty bad.
In fact, yeah, it sucked as badly as Dave was sucking on that bottle.
And that was pretty bad.
Not as hard as Candace Cameron, though.
Ooh, that's a toughie.
No, she's a slut, so that's different.
Yeah, but I give it a 2 out of... I give it a nice 2 out of 10.
What?
Aw, you don't know good music.
Moving on.
Yeah, well, that's all I'm hearing, and yeah.
I saw that Candace Cameron chick on that I Love the 80s thing on VH1.
That was so... The last thing I remember her in was that stupid movie where she got... Hi, hi, hi, page match, Kylie, disco.
I lost interest in that song in, like, the first ten seconds.
If I could give it negatives, I would, but I'll just say, like, one.
We were holding a whole conversation during that song.
Uh, we were talking, we started off talking about, like, the Dreamcast stuff.
Yeah, we were talking about Dreamcast and Vibribin.
That's how bad that song was.
I give it a 1.
Oh, whatever, whatever.
I give it a 10.
I'm going to retract mine and give it a half a point.
I give it a 30 then.
All right, all right.
He gives it a 100.
You know what?
I'm going to give you the wave first.
Okay, that song, you guys, just, you don't understand quirky music.
You guys just don't understand quirky music.
That's what it is.
I understand it.
Rob.
Ole, ole, ole.
Rob, I understand quirky music, and that wasn't quirky, that was vomiting.
I give it a 10, because Kylie Minogue owns all of you.
Yeah.
Alright, so let's review.
Okay.
Here's what you can vote for tonight.
You can vote for last week's winner, Wild Side, Heaven is a Place on Earth.
Or you can vote for Sasha with Expander.
Or you can vote for Kylie Minogue with your Disco Need You.
Alright, send your votes in now for the Orange Lounge cage match.
Send those votes over private message to Sky.
And we shall tally those votes up and have them for you in a few more minutes.
So, alright, we got a good chunk of time left in the show.
What are you talking about here?
Oh, okay.
Alright.
I should check the email box, see if we have any new messages here.
We have dead air here.
The cheat is grounded.
We had the light switch installed so you could turn the lights on and off.
Not so you could throw light switch waves.
I love that.
You know, we actually did have like this big Homestar Runner Fest over the weekend while Mel and Melody were over at my house.
Yeah, like, I sat down on that site for like 45 minutes just going over the stuff.
My favorite one was the way- I'M FREAKING CARMEN MIRANDA!
My favorite one was where the person's, where it was to the guy with the long name, to the song, and he said, for how long it took me to say your name, I could have painted a picture, and he goes out in the backyard and starts painting a picture, and he's all, this looks good, like put it in the art gallery or paint it for some guy's dad.
I don't know that, from what I've heard, a lot of people haven't caught this particular section of HomestarRunner.com.
Which one?
The Marzipan's answering machine.
Yeah, I did.
But I haven't talked to a lot of people who have.
I went, like, there's a third thing I did.
This call is...
This call is not your boyfriend.
That was the coolest thing ever.
I actually sent an email.
You have been diagnosed with serious problems.
I sent Strong Bad an email.
Leave your stereo on the front porch.
Yeah, come back later or something.
Yeah, I sent an email to StrongBad.
It was one that was saying, if someone made an RPG about you, what would your character be?
It would just be interesting to see what he says to that one.
You know what, though?
That actually brings up a point.
If you were suddenly listed to the world of Dungeons & Dragons, what would your character class be?
My character would be, like, some retarded... I would be some, like, retarded wizard, like Orc from He-Man.
No, would you be, like, a wild mage then?
Yeah.
Wild Mages are cool.
What about you?
What would your character class be?
I was an evil jester last time I played.
An evil jester?
An evil jester who had playing cards that turned people into stuff.
Like jackasses.
That's cool.
Yeah, if you were suddenly whisked to the worlds of Dungeons & Dragons, what would your character class be?
You know what?
I never played it, so... Lesbian.
A lesbian is not a character class.
Although I played a lesbian ninja once.
The one time I played D&D, I was a lesbian.
So.
No, wait.
I want to play a lesbian ninja.
Oh, wait, wait.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I was a beautiful lesbian.
Isn't D&D like the game where you just kind of make up shit and be like, hey, what's up?
To be honest with you, I never got into D&D either.
Like, hey, yeah, I'm cool.
It's like, yeah, I'm Tigger, I can play any song.
Just describe what your person would do.
My person, he wouldn't do much.
Like, do they have, like, magicians or whatever?
There's wizards, clerics.
Like, a major wizard.
This is good.
This is good.
Loki's got a good idea here.
Or was it Zero that had the idea in turn?
I don't know.
Like, yes, back in there, they were kind of thinking this.
We should do this live on air as a segment, for instance, because we're desperate.
We're coming up for new segments, because, you know, we can only... There's only...
After some time, we're going to have done every listless topic we could possibly do.
So, thinking of starting a D&D DDR game, and we can play it live on air.
DDR D&D.
You know what?
Actually, no, I'll tell you what.
Let me sit down with freaking White Wolf Fools and I can make up the Pokemon style, you know, like in the game, DDR RPG.
Okay, you're on.
And we'll play it live on air.
I'll put this and I'm not going to run it.
Yeah, roll the dice.
Roll the dice.
Bam, I just got six greats.
Yeah, I can just see it now.
You like roll a dice and one says, I got 14 perfects and six greats.
Actually, I would just, I think it would be cool for all of us to meet like one night a week.
Put the microphones on over us really loud and, like, game on the computer.
Sit in here, do tabletop gaming while everyone has to listen to us.
No, just bring in Mario Party and listen to us play that live on air.
That would be great.
Should have heard me earlier today.
I choked Irene.
She was being mean to me.
We need to seriously get enough bandwidth to do a video feed because then what you can do is you can do a picture of what's on the TV as the video feed and hear us talking over it.
Like, you son of a bitch!
That was my story!
You know, stuff like that.
That'd be great, but we can't.
You know what, though?
I used to sit and play D&D with my friends and I would always wear my black cloak over my head.
So you'd see this, like, see me huddled over with a black cloak over me, and all of a sudden this hand would creep out, throwing dice, and then go back, write something down.
That would be fun to have a Super Smash Bros.
like, tournament, and have people watch us go on about that.
I would win all, I would win all of it.
Two characters.
Adult Link, Adult Link, and Sheik.
Melee.
Melee.
I would be Ness.
Ness.
Yep.
Yep.
Come near me and I will smack you with a bat.
Actually, I have another character.
I'm actually really good with a bunch of characters on that one.
My other good one, who was my best one from the N64 one, was Kirby.
Kirby will never die.
You know what we should do is have a home run derby contest and see who can hit the furthest.
No.
Home run derby on rival schools.
You know, I can't play that game.
I can't read a damn thing.
Okay.
We actually, you know what, on another show, play DDR Live on NetCam.
It's actually funny.
The show that kind of preceded this, I guess some would consider Orange Lounge a spin-off of Under Sedation Live.org.
Which still plays Saturday nights.
Which still does play on Saturday nights, 630 to 930 Pacific Standard Time.
Under Sedation Live.org.
We actually did do a DDR show, which was kind of where this all came from.
Orange Lounge actually kind of was birthed by that show.
I was a guest more times than anybody.
and we did play DDR Live on air and we had the cam and everything.
It was pretty crazy.
Who was around for that?
I don't know if anybody who's listening to Orange Lounge was around for that show.
Who knows?
That was Orange Lounge in the fetal stage.
Black Lab, save your question.
We're going to do Ask Orange Lounge when we come back from the break because we have some new people listening tonight.
You want some more points?
Well, let's take a quick break, because I want to get the cage match finished up.
So I'm going to give people a chance to send in the last votes.
We're just going to do a one-song break, because this is a five-minute song, but JB's been begging and begging me to play this, so fine.
This is the sign with words, a dance mix.
So I don't know what it's like.
We'll hear it live on air.
If it sucks, blame JB.
Oh, yeah, we've got to get to the absolute.
Well, we'll do absolute before the end of the show, I promise.
The absolute guitar mix, we'll do that.
So this is the last chance to get in your votes for the cage match.
If you haven't voted, you have 60 more seconds and then voting is closed or you die.
So, we will be back.
Enjoy.
Don't come easy to me How can I find a way to make you see I love you words don't come easy
White White White
Don't come easy to me How can I find a way To make you see Our lovey words Don't come easy Come on, touch me
Alright, some kind of mixed reaction from the chatroom on that one.
The sign with words sent to us by JB by request.
Okay, this is going to be the part now.
We're tallying up your votes for the cage match.
However, when we come back, we're going to do Ask Orange Lounge or Ask Johnny, Ask the Intern, Zero, or Ask Dave.
Our delinquent.
Bombay, you can ask Bombay.
And Bombay, what kind of questions would you want to answer?
Like things about freestyle, things about... Yeah, freestyle, because I'm trying to get in more to freestyle.
I'm trying to compete more, get more experience and all that.
And then you guys know Dave and the intern by now.
This is giant.
Yo, yo, I go to McDonald's, not Delta Co.
Yo, yo.
Anyway, okay, so send us your questions over a private message to Sky, and we'll get to those.
Or, if you're too lazy to be in the chat room, just send them over email, orangeloungeradio, all one word, at yahoo.com.
And you can also always send us your comments or whatever else.
So, something Bomani-related for you guys that I promised earlier.
Here you go, and we'll be back after this with Ask Orange Lounge.
Send your questions now.
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because real radio makes Captain Jack cry.
We are back.
Hope you enjoyed that.
That absolute version, by the way, it's labeled as Taka featuring Good Cool.
Rumor is that it might be a fake, however, somebody swore up and down to me they had a video of somebody playing that from Poppin' Music 9.
Okay, if that's a fake, that's one hell of a good fake.
Yeah, I was going to say, I believe Tal said in the chat room, if it's a fake, it's a damn good fake, and I want more by that faker.
Seriously, I seriously doubt that that's a fake because, I mean, hold on, it's absolute in guitar, and it doesn't sound like shit, and unlike M, you know, which obviously could have been made by anybody, but this is a lot better.
I don't see how this is a fake.
Okay, well, there you have it.
Like it or not, fake or not.
It could be quite possible that it's one of those special editions like the .59.
That's very true, like the .59 live mix and stuff?
Well, not the live one, but the really gothy sounding one.
I have a DWI I'm making to like the second remix or whatever of .59.
It's like half done, and it actually has a backbeat to it instead of like how .59 originally was.
The original one had a beat to it.
Well, I can't explain it.
It seems more, it's a lot more fulfilling.
You hear it better the more that you play it in 2DX.
The thing about that remix that you're doing that, it's like the piano, it makes sense at first, but then it just goes into a different song after that.
So do you guys want to know who won the cage match?
Alright.
The cage match winner was... And I was surprised because Kylie did manage to get at least one vote.
So not everybody sucks.
Alright.
But the winner was Sasha by quite a little bit of a landslide, ladies and gentlemen.
So, Sasha takes it and is the winner of the Cage Match.
I'm going to have to think of something next week.
That means what I was talking about in here is going to get played next week.
Alright.
Well, you know, at least Loki can't bring in one of his remixes and win it for sure because, you know, it's Loki.
No, never mind.
Never mind.
I won't bring it next week.
I'll bring something really good next week.
Yeah, I'm going to fuck it up next week, too, and bring something really psycho.
What?
Oh, we'll talk later.
We'll come up with a plan.
You know, I'm thinking I'll get that chick from American Idol.
That'll be my cage mat fix.
The children of the world.
The children, what about the children?
I have my Ayudo remixes.
My Ayudo CDs.
Uh-huh.
The chick from Sacramento on American Idol is a bitch.
Anyway, not that I know her or anything, she's just a bitch on the show.
Alright, okay, we're gonna do Ask Orange Lounge now, you guys ready?
Oh, come on.
Okay.
Ask Orange Lounge.
Here we go.
For those that don't know Ask Orange Lounge, this is your opportunity to ask us anything you've ever wanted to ask.
If you're sick that we don't talk about Bomani enough on this show, ask us Bomani-related questions.
We'd be happy to answer.
You want to know something about Loki's sex life?
Ask it.
Maybe he'll answer it.
Or maybe he'll come up with a vicious lie.
Who knows?
Ask it and we'll answer it.
Alright, here we go.
Black Lab has the first question because I made him hold it over until this segment because this was kind of the inspiration.
We always do Ask Orange Lounge tonight.
It's a question for Jamie.
Black Lab would like to know, whatever happened to the Orange Lounge quiz?
We're going to do a live journal quiz.
You know how live journal quizzes all the... Okay, this is what happened.
Jamie got a job.
Okay?
End of story.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So come to the chatroom, come to the chatroom Tuesday night, and we'll let you know what block and zone we're playing in.
This is PSO GameCube.
First of all, remember that Jamie played her game all at once, and she actually needs to get past level 1.
Well, I think what we're going to do, this is the other stipulation.
Tuesday night, if you come, new character.
We're all going to start with new characters for Tuesday night.
Mine, even though I made her when I first got the game, I've only played it once, so I'll leave her as she is.
Okay, that's fine.
But it's got to be low level, so we all start at the same and progress at the same.
Nothing higher than level 1.
If you're into PSO, GameCube, come on the chatroom Tuesday night.
We'll let you know where we're at.
Okay.
What are you guys talking about back here?
I've never played PSO.
I don't know what that is.
Sucks to be you.
Fantasy Star Online.
Get a GameCube and a broadband adapter.
I'll show it to you sometime.
Alright.
I think I might play my game tonight.
Here we go.
How about our stipulation be no one over level 3?
Okay, that's fine.
Alright, moving on.
Jay Kinetic wants to know...
Can I kill the intern on a show?
Can I kill you?
No, you don't want to fight with Jahi.
Jahi, kick your ass.
Alright.
Who's everyone's favorite superhero?
Juman!
Dave says Juman.
Bombay.
I'm gonna have to go with Dave and say Juman.
Juman for Bombay, too.
Loki.
I'm not fucking seeing Juman, ass!
Dude, one of my friends is like... Fine, if you're going to say Juman, I'm going to say Nazi boy.
It's my arch rival!
Loki!
Jesus!
We are going to have to tape his mouth shut.
He's like Nazi Boy, the protector of the... Loki is worse than t-shirthell.com tonight.
It's all about fucking Bluntman.
Alright, Bluntman, much better.
Much better, Bluntman, thank you.
I got to apologize for my killing you comment, but I would say Orgasmo.
Orgasmo!
Excellent.
You want me to go or you want to go?
My turn.
Alright, Jamie.
Handyman and the Tiny Avenger.
Handyman and the Tiny Avenger.
You want to talk about Ju-Man for a second?
Dude, one of my friends, like, cause a couple people at school, like, joke about me being Jewish whenever I say something.
Like, I would make a comment and they're like, oh, is that a Jewish type thing?
And so he's got, he's one of my friends who can draw.
He's making this comic called Jew Man about, like, me and, like, I get too close to, like, some bush that lights on fire and something and I gain, like, magical Jew powers with my mega menorah and my dreidel of power and stuff.
Totally sounds like Paul.
Do you have like super spitting power?
Do you have spitting action?
I don't know.
Paul is dead.
He's gone.
That's Orange Lounge Ask the World.
Your action figure needs kosher scent power.
I love you too.
I'm changing my vote from Jew Man, I'm changing it, to Lightning Day.
Alright.
Anyone that knows me, this should be a duh.
My favorite superhero is Catwoman, of course.
She's a hero to some.
She's good now.
She's a hero to me.
She's a hero to me and she's going to have her own movie.
Are the interns... More questions from Jahi.
More questions from Jahi.
Are the interns related to Godden?
No.
He's a guy in SoCal.
Who is that?
One of the big... Okay, well...
Mel told me I should MC a tournament with him, but I'm not related to him.
He seemed cool.
I didn't really talk to him at all, because I was kind of introverted and clicky at CyberBeat, unfortunately, because I'm a bitch.
I'm not really an intern, by the way.
I'm just kind of sitting in, I guess.
You're a guest.
Monica Lewinsky was an intern.
That means we make him go do stuff.
All right.
Next question.
Is Orange Lounge for the children?
I don't know, but I think... Children of the liking to listen to crazy monkey sex?
Nope.
JB will agree with me.
You know, we actually are the founders of the Cup of Child Foundation.
You know, new flavors of ramen, Cup of Child.
Answer that question.
There's skanky RVGL flavor.
There's, you know, spicy Scandia flavor.
Then there's, you know, there's CCL ass flavor.
No, no, no, remember that?
No, that's drugs and alcohol flavor.
And then Crud Under the Machine, uh, Crest-V flavor.
Um, Orange Lounge is non-existent flavor.
Orange Lounge is not for the children, but they listen to it anyway.
We think... It's like porn.
We think that children are lazy.
I could say anything to porn.
I love how everyone thinks I'm like a racist, porn-addicted, crazy psychopath, when I'm like totally opposite in person.
Alright.
Next question.
Okay.
Next question is for Loki.
Next question is for Loki.
And frosted with sugar and fortified with vitamins.
Next question is for Loki.
Here we go.
Does Loki have a sex life?
Damn right I do!
Oh man, dude, seriously, you think I sound horny on air, imagine my girlfriend, she's about ten times as horny as I am, so, it's just like, holy crap.
It's a good, it's a, it's damn good.
For your birthday, we'll get you vitamins.
Okay.
Seriously, I do need vitamins because I don't eat well at all.
I eat like one meal a day and it's normally junk food and I'm tired.
Okay, but that's alright.
SkylineDC505, Dave, do I still get prawn for my birthday?
Well, that depends on if I get my prawn from Loki.
Okay.
I got two mics.
Anyways, I can get you both prawns, so that's no problem.
Where's my man prawn?
Cool.
I'm trying!
He's not coming!
Johnny wants prawns.
The men aren't coming in the prawn?
Moving on.
EOSFVB, he always has some good questions for us, so here they are.
First question, who has read, and now I have to do my horrible English again, who has read Sadako and the Thousand Paper Cranes?
No, I haven't.
I haven't either.
But I'm interested in reading it.
I bet it's porn.
No, it's not.
It's EOSFVB, come on.
Second question is for Dave.
Second question is for Dave.
You want to ask it, Jamie?
I'm leaning back.
I ain't reading it from here.
Shit.
Segway's for Dave.
Did you ever beat that ancient boy game, amateur?
No, I never actually beat it.
I never played it after that one day.
I just played it and I got to one bone left with two cracks in it.
A bone and some crack.
I think it was a bone.
I think that's what... No, no, you were throwing a bone.
First you take crack, then you take bone.
Insert bone into crack.
Repeat as often as necessary until you obtain desired results.
The end.
Next question, and it's Bomani-related, and it's an excellent question.
Satome Ranma wants to know, I ask Orange Lounge this, why is it so hard to find Poppin' Music mp3s?
Seriously, Not A House, Pyramid, MeloBunk, or TraumaBunk anywhere, dammit.
Poppin' Music mp3s, hard to find.
First of all, Poppin' Music is really cool, but it does have a limited fanbase, honestly.
You want Poppin' Music MP3s?
Go to Bomayi Style.
Serious.
Tons of MP3s for Poppin' Music stuff there.
Or, if you can't find them, look for Feeling Pomu.
That's their sim.
And I'm sure if you find sim files for that, you'll probably find the MP3s as well.
Actually, you know how much of a pain in the ass it is to find sim files for that?
I have it.
I found all but two.
Anywhere.
That's why you use the Japanese internet.
I was going to actually suggest, if you're looking for Poppin' Music MP3s, go download SimFiles, because people make SimFiles to all these other Bomani Game MP3s, and Poppin' Music happens to be made into files a lot.
Also, there's WinMex.
Very good.
And eBay, they have three of the Poppin' Music soundtracks on eBay right now for about five bucks a piece.
Okay, Satomi Ranma also wants to know, as a follow-up question, have you guys seen the original Japanese The Ring?
Scary shit.
Ringu.
I've been wanting to because I want to see it before I see the U.S.
one.
Guess what?
It's actually coming out at the same time in the U.S.
one.
They're releasing it on DUD.
Ringu.
Ringu.
Ringu.
Yeah, so it's coming out at the same time in the U.S.
It's going to be subtitled, I believe.
Actually, Billy, we were just talking about this earlier today.
Billy's seen it and he says it's very good.
And I guess it's a three-part series there.
Actually, I have a question for our chat room.
What's that?
I don't remember hardly anything about this movie, but I've been trying to find it.
I've been putting in all these clues trying to find this one movie.
I wonder if anyone's ever heard of it or knows what this is.
It had to have come out in the early 80s or late 70s.
It was this movie about these people who move into this house that's possessed by three Japanese spirits.
And these people, back then, each killed themselves.
And then in the movie, the people end up recreating the fight that led to the three there who killed themselves.
And they kill themselves the same way.
This was an old movie, and I've been trying to find the name of this movie.
No, it's not a Brady Bunch movie.
Interesting.
And it's like these, you know, Uber.
And it's like these Uber cracker people, too.
And they're like almost in a beach house.
It's a house with these stairs leading up and it's by the water.
No, it's not.
We can't get rid of it.
But for anyone who happens to know the name of this movie or anything, please let me know, because I've been trying to find this for, like, years.
Alright, we still got a ton of questions to go through, so let's move right along here.
Alright, John Fields wants to know, favorite non-standard DDR mix, i.e.
Euro, Disney?
Ohasta!
Ohasta says Jamie.
Bombay?
I have to say Disney.
I went to go play in Orange County, and it's like the best mix I've ever played.
Euromix 2.
That's tough, but I'd probably say Ohasta, only because it has Ohaska on it.
Say your answer too.
Alright, you say your answer too.
I say pump it up.
That's not DDR.
It's Korean DDR, same damn thing.
No, it's different.
Next question.
Alright, next question.
SnubDisnoid says, First off, what's the easiest Oni?
I've gotten halfway into a few Onis and even got to Stoic on Road of Tack once, but I haven't passed anything.
Easiest Oni?
Since I'd barely ever play them, I would have to say Naoki Standard.
Wait, are you talking about Extreme, or... Because on Max 2, I'm sure that you passed some of them, like Soul 6 and shit.
Soul 6 is easy, Naoki Standard was easy for me on Devils.
Yeah, Naoki Standard, and the first one, whatever, yeah, Nearly 130.
But if you're talking about Extreme, which I think that you are, then, yeah, the Dance Mania and the new Naoki thing.
Doesn't that dance menu one have Rhythm of Police in it though?
Thought it did.
Pop4 is an easy one, but that's a non-stop, yeah.
Alright.
Your second question we'll have to answer offline because we banned that topic from discussion on this show.
So, we'll answer your question offline gladly for you, though.
So, we'll get to that later.
Alright.
JapanMan wants to know, Dave, how long is your shaft?
That was a few months ago.
Snip the tip, baby.
No, um, I don't, I'm not going to answer that.
Like, yeah, more than you can handle.
Never.
It's above average, and that's all I'm saying.
Ah, above average.
It is.
Are you, no, don't do that, please.
Are you comparable with Ron Jeremy?
Comparable with Ron Jeremy?
I have never seen it.
He's 9 and 3 quarters.
He's 9 and 3 quarters.
Anyway, okay.
Moving on.
DAF Square wants to know, when is Sky's Voice the game coming out?
Some... We'll get an MP3... I need some MP3 sent to me and I can make some... We'll see.
Yeah.
Let's see.
We have that one that Stressa made, and I don't know if Angel helped him with that or not.
No, I think it was all Stressa, because I know Stressa did the lyrics.
And he made this sim file of a parody that I did during a fuck-off show to Bumblebee.
and it's really embarrassing.
I can't believe... I played it on the show last week.
The damn thing is actually being pretty widely distributed right now, which is pretty scary to me.
I played it on the show last week.
Yeah, I know, and you played it on the show.
It would be the week before.
We need to do it from show and just sing.
Sing to the music, like, you know, sing lyrics to Afronova.
I will promise you guys...
There will be another MP3 of me singing on Orange Lounge Radio sometime in the next week.
You know what everyone missed, though?
This was a few weeks ago.
She's been on the show a couple times, Iguana Girl.
We were at Scandia doing our own version of Katimu to V. What song?
We were doing our own Katimu version of V.
and other songs.
I don't remember who was playing, but we were back there singing along with it.
It was great.
I promised the masses an announcer pack quite some time ago, so Loki, you've got to help me out with that, making an announcer pack.
We'll do that.
We'll work on it.
Black Lab wants to know, is there a Boba in your immediate future?
Probably not tonight, but maybe sometime this week.
Just because I'm really, personally, I'm really tired.
I was up until 5am last night.
And whose fault is that?
Mine, but that means I ain't going to Boba tonight, but maybe sometime this week.
Because I do kind of crave it.
I haven't had Boba at all this week.
Or what I mean, I haven't had Boba in a while.
So I think we need to go.
We need to take Loki then.
Loki, we need to go apartment hunting and then look for Boba.
Let me know when you're going to vote, because I'm going to vote.
Alright.
DarkTetsuya wants to know, how do I let someone know I'm interested, if you know what I mean?
Excellent question.
It's a pretty serious one.
You go up to them and go, you know what, I'm interested in you.
Would you like to date?
That's what you say.
To me, I mean, I'm a shy person too, honestly.
And it's so hard for me to just go up to somebody and ask that.
That's really bold.
Dude, okay, I'm the worst at doing that type of shit ever.
I like go up and be like, you're hot.
Okay, here's what you really have to do.
You have to keep cereal in your pocket to feed them.
Right, Ryan?
Back me up on that.
You gotta keep cereal.
You have to crunch on the can.
This is... As the resident woman... Okay, first of all... I'll be right back.
I gotta take a piss.
As the resident woman... Is that what you said?
Let Jamie speak.
Let Jamie speak.
I think it is absolute bullshit to drop hints that you like somebody.
You know, because, I mean, it's like, guys start acting really weird when they're interested in you.
And you think that they have a disease.
And so they start creeping you out and you don't want to be around them.
Okay?
If you like somebody, fucking tell them.
Get them by themselves and go, you know what, do you want to hang out?
Or you don't even have to say it right away.
Say, you know what, would you like to go to a movie or go anywhere?
Now that's a little more along the lines of, I wouldn't say you just come out and say, I like you.
But like, you know, find out, talk to the person.
People are going to talk to you.
Hey, how you doing?
And you talk and you find out what you have in common and then you go out and do that common thing.
But see, me as, and maybe I'm different among women because I don't like bullshit.
I'm like, if you want to go out with me, ask me if you want to go out with me.
Jamie, can I go out with you?
Of course.
No, see... I mean, I've gone out and said, hey, I think you're cool, I want to go out with you.
No, see, I'm too honest.
I'm like, you're hot, your face could use a little work, but you're still pretty hot, so you want to go out?
And then you'll be like, fuck you!
I think Jay Kinetic sums it up very nicely here.
Dude, try to get her to laugh at a joke, talk about a common topic, and then casually invite her out to have lunch sometime.
Two simple things.
First of all, don't have any of your friends do it for you.
Don't write a letter.
Just walk up and call them.
Remember it.
Talk to them.
Remember it.
Don't have your friends there when you ask.
If we've learned anything from Alamor, it's basically to go, I have money.
No, but actually, seriously, what you want to do is you want to definitely go up and tell them because if you waste time by just, like, beating around the bush and stuff, you're not only going to waste time, make yourself more stressed out, and, yeah, that might happen in the meantime, but it's better to, like, you know, instead of waiting forever and then telling her and she saying no to find out, you know, beforehand, you know, say, hey, I like you, hi, I'm not interested, or hi, I'm interested, you know,
Whatever she says.
Whatever she says back.
And never casually make out with somebody you're not interested in.
Wait, Tarma, man, that's fun.
No, because then, like, they might expect that you are interested in them.
Here it is.
I have the greatest pickup line.
Believe it or not, I have the greatest pickup line for women.
No, no, this is it.
It's like, no, you go up, you say, hey, I like peanut butter, wanna fuck?
Actually, the best pick-up line that I've heard of is, um, what was it, is like, uh, do you like jogging?
And, well, the thing is, is, is, it's gotten you in the conversation, it's not some awkward, you know, some pick-up line or whatever, and you should probably respond to that, you know, and then you're like, hi, my name is, you know.
Hi, do you like jogging?
Yeah, hi.
Did your wife like photography?
Hi, do you like casual sex?
Karen did pictures with Ashton Milling Lee.
It's like, no, okay, bye.
It's like, hey, do you like casual sex?
No.
Hey, do you like casual sex?
Yeah.
Hi, my name's Dave.
I love casual sex.
This is Bin Mani Loveline.
I think that we should get together and have some sometime.
Because, you know, common interests.
We both like casual sex.
And, yeah, go from there.
And, by the way, never, ever try to hit on somebody when they're working in an arcade.
This one really scary guy, when I was working at Aladdin's Castle, this one really scary guy came up to me and tried to pick me up.
I'm like, I have a boyfriend.
Oh, well, that's okay.
After you hang out with me, you won't want to be around him.
I'm like, sir, just being around you right now makes me very appreciative of my boyfriend.
Let me ask Neil, because he just walked in the room.
Neil, what's the best way to pick up chicks?
I said, hi, I like peanut butter.
What the fuck?
What do you think?
Nice shoes.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura.com
The best way to pick up a girl is with your arms and thin with your knees.
Alright, alright.
No, no.
I think we got the serious answer out.
The best way I ever hooked up with a guy one time, and actually this is an incredibly nerdy way but I thought it was pretty funny.
We played D&D and our characters hooked up and then we started dating.
Thank you for watching!
USFVB wants to know, which female targeted cartoons that most would be ashamed to admit they watched are your favorites?
For instance... Oh, uh... Okay, USFVB says, is the movie Jamie talking about called House Translation, which is from 1977, put out by Toho, I think.
I don't know...
I don't remember the name of it, but I knew that it was late 70s, early 80s.
And it had three people who ended up killing themselves in the end of the movie.
Look at that.
Look on Internet Movie Database.
Try that.
House.
Save that.
Actually, email that to me.
EOSFVB, if you would be so kind to email that to OrangeLoungeRadio at Yahoo.com, we'd love you forever.
All right.
Anyway, but ask for his question.
Which female-targeted cartoons that would most be the same to admit they watch are your favorites?
Somebody said Sailor Moon.
Who said Sailor Moon?
Oh, Anita's back.
I did.
I said Sailor Moon.
Sailor Moon.
Sailor Moon.
It was pretty cool.
A female-oriented cartoon.
You know what else is really sad?
Is Hamtaro.
I watched that horrible, horrible movie.
I don't know if anyone has heard this, Unico.
Yes, of course, Unico.
We all know you.
You know what I think is cool, by the way?
Is that guys can only get away with really watching guys' cartoons, but women can watch whatever the hell we want.
Well, what would be your favorite then, Jamie?
It's kind of a moot point.
For cheeky stuff?
Yeah, cheeky, girly things.
No, not Hello Kitty.
Well, I'm trying to think of stuff that's not anime, because there's shoujo and shounen anime.
I think as far as anime is considered, I would have to go with Pre-Tier, The Legend of Snow White, which none of you probably have ever seen.
Loki?
As far as guy stuff goes, it'd freaking be Berserk.
I don't watch freaking girly cartoons, so there!
Yeah, me neither.
I don't know what Unico is.
Did you watch The Last Unicorn?
I have the answer.
When I was a kid, when I was younger, when I was in junior high, it was all about the Beverly Hills teens.
Yes!
Oh my god!
Jem and the Holograms.
Yes!
I didn't really watch Jem, but Beverly Hills teens every damn day.
I have a friend who has every episode of Jem on tape.
Are they good quality?
Or, or, and or, and this is the gimme.
This is the one I'm sure everybody thought we would say, She-Ra.
Hello.
Okay, She-Ra.
But that was... With He-Man.
Yeah, She-Ra was kind of a Xena.
And of course, this subliminal message of both series, buy this toy.
Alright.
Buy this toy.
Moving on.
This is going to be the last question, you guys.
Um...
Hold on, I'm trying to read through what Jay sent me.
I think he was commenting on the relationship question.
We got it answered in the chatroom.
Okay, here we go.
Rice, RYC3 wants to know, question for the freestyler.
Sorry, I forgot your name.
That would be Bombay.
But anyway, anybody can answer this though.
Anybody that has freestyled in the past can answer this.
Yes.
How do you face your fear against the crowd?
How do I?
Okay.
Excellent question.
Okay, wait, Ryan.
Ryan.
Okay, alright, well, how I face my fear is, I basically, when you don't think, like, when you're up there on the stage, it's like the same as PA, when you PA, you think of PA, right?
The same thing with freestyle, when you're freestyling, you think about having fun, and, you know, just having a good time, you try not to think about, oh, what are they gonna think, you just have a good time, just be yourself, basically.
Here's the simple thing I've realized about freestyling altogether when it comes to the crowds.
Is, first of all, just imagine, or pretend that you're practicing alone.
There's nobody around you, and when you turn around, just don't see anybody there.
Because that way you're not going to feel nervous at all, because it's just like you're practicing and having a good time on your own.
No, like, what I do is, like, first of all, if you never want to feel nervous again, just first go up there naked.
And then, like, everyone will, like, laugh and bust out.
And then, like every other tournament, you'll just be like, man, this won't be as bad as last time when I was naked.
Honestly, that one and only freestyle that we did, I'd forgotten that there was a crowd all together.
And mainly, most of the time, the more outrageous stuff that you do that you would think would be embarrassing, people love it.
Like Ryan in his Afronova outfit.
And all the women would stand up cheering.
And so would Rob.
Anyway.
A grass skirt and a tiki mask, holding a spear, doing Afronova.
That was great.
My suggestion, my suggestion for the freestyle, because Jamie and I have done one freestyle, and it was pretty infamous, by the way.
You can find that video still on DDR for a good thing.
You guys have yet to watch that, and I won't ever.
I might have it somewhere.
Anyway, my advice, get up there and don't give a flying fuck what anyone in that crowd feels about you.
Just don't care what anyone thinks.
Go up there for yourself to have fun, to just do it.
And forget about everybody else, because their opinion doesn't mean shit.
And one thing, too, is when you freestyle, don't really give a fuck about the arrows.
Hit a few, but just mostly all people are watching is you dancing.
They're not watching the arrows.
Half the people who watch you freestyle don't even know what the fuck you're doing anyway.
They're just watching you dance.
So, fuck the arrows, hit just enough to pass, and have a good time.
And don't even worry if you look good or not, because if someone says you suck, challenge them to get up there and do the same.
I have an example of Kid Zero when he did Stomp to My Beat.
He failed!
He failed!
And everybody still was like cheering their asses off because it was such a good freestyle.
Even though he failed, it looked so good.
You may or may not remember at Shaft when Tran actually failed his routine the first time.
Crowd demanded he go again.
Because, well, I mean, there was also the other circumstance going on where he meant to do fourth mix and the fourth mix was broken so he had to do the sim.
But he ended up taking second place.
Not too shabby.
That was my bad for not turning auto-fail off.
Dope.
All right, so that's it for Ask Orange Lounge.
Thanks, you guys.
Good questions this week.
Very good.
Our chairman's getting very good at this stuff.
All right.
And they mostly said to be money.
All right.
That's it, you guys.
We're at the end of the show.
Okay, but we're gonna get around to the final thoughts So here's your chance Final thoughts, starting with the guests Bombay Okay, my final thought is to Scandia's policy It's kind of like a continuation of my fuck you It's a fuck you to Scandia's policy I work there, as people know now I work there, and on weekends they have a policy Friday after 5 o'clock is considered a weekend I'm not allowed to be there on weekends So Friday after 5 o'clock, I'm not allowed to be there Saturday and Sunday, I'm also not allowed to be there At all There, the end
In turn zero?
Pretty much.
Just goes along with the freestyle thing.
It's one last thing.
Just have fun with it.
Don't even care how you look.
And for everyone else playing DDR, just go and have fun with it.
Don't even bother what other people think of you.
I'd like to add something to that.
Also, just like, you know, look like you're having fun.
If you're up there concentrating too hard, it's not going to look good.
Absolutely.
Bruce Leroy, many say he won Cyber Beat on his expressions.
Period.
Well, and also when I was making up the grading sheets for Shaft, that was the big thing I had in there, you know, how well they react with the audience.
It counted for a quarter of their score.
Okay.
Hey, DVR College is back.
Have comments?
Well, I miss most of the show, but if you guys are talking about freestyling, my input would be to just have fun because it seems like no matter what happens, the crowd likes freestyling, even if you suck.
They don't want to see you just stomp.
They want to see you do something.
Find the closest person to the stage and go dry hump their leg.
Okay.
Winner!
Do anything and, you know, don't have any fear because there's nothing to fear.
That's it.
One last thing too is if little kids run across the crosswalk, feel free to kick a little leg out there and let them just do cartwheel right off the side of the thing after you kick them.
I'm wondering if anyone in here remembers Big Cans.
Rob's half-finished edit to Kick the Can started off really hard, and then there was nothing else.
I remember when the fourth mix was there at Golfland.
Yeah, it was Rick and Paul just ran off and started running all over Golfland.
They were like doing bar hops and slapping hands across it.
No, they hopped off and started running around the arcade too.
Yeah.
Me and Pat also, I wear orange beanie.
We also have a freestyle to Tsugaru.
No, Matsuragi Japan.
I'm sorry.
Where we just run around the arcade and just like, that's about it.
You love to meet Maniac Little.
Really?
There's like, what is it, 32 measures of no steps.
Really?
All right.
Anyway, your final thoughts?
My final thoughts, since we didn't cover it, the StepChart site went down, just so everyone knows, because that's, you know, kind of major news and stuff.
So StepChart site went down.
There's a new one coming back up, so look for that.
My site...
I'm working on it.
There's actually going to be a complete... I'm going to redo all the graphics again, actually, because I don't like the way they are right now.
And I'm going to make it simpler.
And if you're lucky, if you're very, very lucky, I might upload second style through fourth style all the DWIs I have for that tomorrow, if you're lucky.
All I gotta say is that me and Johnny, like, a few weeks ago, we started, like, it was at, like, 3 o'clock in the morning in my car, and, cause we were, like, parked outside someone's house, and, anyway, and so we were, like, really late, and we were trying to, like, rap and shit, and he's like, okay, David, go!
And so I'm like...
Yo, I went to McDonald's, and like, we started making all these weird names to like, uh, to fast food chains.
So now we have, we have, it's called our ghetto slang for fast food chains.
Yes.
Hey, that rhymed here.
Burger King!
Yeah, we have, okay, for now, for now, we have McDonald's.
That's McDonald's.
Burger King!
Burger King, and finally... No, no, no, we got two more, two more, yeah.
We got Delta Cop, which is Del Taco, and Jack in the Box is Jack in a Bow.
Yeah!
I'm sorry, I still prefer Yak in the Box.
Anyway, that's what we have.
Delta Cop!
Blink, blink, blink.
Alright, my final thought is that choking when you're drinking water live on air really sucks.
That just happened to me.
Jamie?
Jamie?
My final thought is that scars are cool.
Scars are cool.
They're sexy.
Thank you everybody much for listening.
Thank you all the guests for being here tonight.
Lovely as always.
Next week... Thank you for having me.
Next week we'll either be coming to you from the studio of Jamie or we'll be pre-taped.
We don't know yet.
We'll think about it.
Most likely studio of Jamie but we don't know yet.
And maybe I'll do a fuck-up on Thursday.
Alright, and the Cyber Beat special was delayed, so it's going to be this Friday and Saturday, because we got lazy.
Alright, or I did.
Anyway, some of the requests, I have some requests, some things you guys requested us to play.
We'll get to those after the show wraps up and everything, so stay tuned if you want to hear those songs you requested.
Goodnight everybody, thanks for listening.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by DarkSakura, Sky, and Loki.
If you'd like to leave us a comment, send us an email at orangeloungeradio at yahoo.com.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
Come on, photomodels.
I said come on for Hogwarts guys, I said come on for Hogwarts guys Everybody to the limit, everybody to the limit, everybody come on for Hogwarts guys I said come on for Hogwarts guys, I said come on for Hogwarts guys Everybody to the limit, who's that, it's to the limit, everybody come on for Hogwarts guys
I see you jockeying me, trying to play like you know me I'm like come on for hook with guys, I said come on for hook with guys Everybody to the limit, the cheat is to the limit, everybody come on for hook with guys
I don't know who it is, but it probably is Fahogwa Guys.
I asked my friend Joe, I asked my friend Jake, they said it was Fahogwa Guys.
I said, come on, Fahogwa Guys, I said, come on, Fahogwa Guys.
Who is it to the limit?
Say me, I'm to the limit, everybody come on, Fahogwa Guys.
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
