Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, we interview Rick of Tippy Goat Games, makers of the Super Sports Smash Up title, Super Slam Dunk Touchdown.
We're back to get caught up on the last two weeks of gaming news, GamerX, your comments, and more.
And it all starts right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, tonight with episode number 624 of our show, December the 20th of 2015.
Our last show before the big, big holiday, right here in the midst of the holiday season.
So happy holidays to all of you guys out there, and to my co-hosts here in studio.
My name is Rob Roberts, but you might know me as Skie on Twitter, S-K-I-E.
And joining me as always, say hello to the one and only DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hello, how are you Jamie Summers?
Alright.
Alright.
Just, things happen.
Did we have a fun adventure last week?
We did.
We did.
We had a great fun adventure, and my feet are still arguing at me for those boots, but otherwise it was a great adventure.
Your cosplay looked great at the show, and I know that there's pictures of you around on the interwebs.
I'm on Unicorn Booty, which I laugh without to no end.
It's a pretty hilarious website name, isn't it?
It is.
There is actually, they have like one of the, you know like those standees you see as you're walking into like big events?
You know, you always see like the big wall with all the company logos, right?
So there was one outside of GamerX for that company, and it looked like a unicorn that was about to like kick your ass.
And I was like, I wanted to take a picture underneath it, like it was about to kick me in the face, but I didn't, I don't know.
I didn't want to hold up traffic so I could have my awkward photo, so it didn't end up happening.
Sorry. Well, they were stopping people to take pictures in front of that.
That's good.
Like I was going to look, and I feel bad because now I can't make my brain think of his name.
Uh-huh.
Josh? John? The Templar guy.
Mmm.
Who was Kayden.
I don't recall his name, but he looked great if he's out there listening.
Well, they got us together in front of the Unicorn Booty thing.
And now my, I'm so mad at myself because like, I can't think of like hardly anyone's name today.
That's okay.
It's okay, but I saw Star Wars and life is good.
Alright, fair enough.
Uh, also say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hi.
How are you doing, Loki?
Um, I enjoyed half that burger and then I'm not enjoying the other half of that burger.
Is your microphone on, Loki? Because I don't know if we're picking you up for some reason.
I am completely on.
Oh, you're just quiet tonight for some reason.
I am not completely quiet.
Alright, there you go.
You have levels problems.
We're having audio problems left and right in the studio tonight and I'll get into that in a minute.
I guess I'll just have to talk louder.
No, you're good. You're perfectly fine now.
I don't know, I don't know what the hell's going on.
For some reason, you're not looping back through the internal speakers like I'm used to, but you're picking up on the register so I know the audience can hear you.
Okay.
Oh my god.
If it's not one thing breaking in studio, it's another. I'll get to that in a minute.
But anyway, Loki, how has your couple weeks been?
You weren't able to go to the show, I know, but how was your week off?
Um, I don't remember what I did.
I think I played Fallout, maybe. Or maybe Ingress. Probably Ingress.
Probably a lot of Ingress.
I think a little bit of Ingress and then I stayed home for some of that.
You know, I was reading an article which didn't make our show roll tonight, but it was about Pokémon GO.
And there's some more information because there was an interview out there with Pokémon GO.
And I guess part of why the Pokémon company wanted to team up with Niantic, who are the makers of Ingress, to make Pokémon GO is that
the head of the Pokémon company is actually a high level Ingress player.
And the president of Niantic was like, he's a higher level player than I am.
So that kind of made me chuckle.
But from what I understand, Ingress is really big in Japan.
I don't know if that's true or just kind of something through the grapevine, but it kind of tells you why Pokémon GO.
I do think that is going to be quite the mobile game next year because it's going to be a mobile game very unlike the typical, I'm going to use my quotey fingers, mobile game.
Like it's not going to be Candy Crush.
I'll try it, I guess. I don't like Pokémon, though, so we'll see.
Maybe this will be it.
Eh.
This will be the first hit. I don't know.
Anyhow, we also want to welcome the ever-present fourth guest on our show, the chat room.
Hello to our chat room. We do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network.
Live.vognetwork.com is where you can find our chat room.
And of course we do tape live Sunday nights at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
We have folks in chat there saying, like, Dungeon Buster says, punch those audio problems with the dark side.
I almost, I was like this close to going to see Star Wars before the show.
But I had to cook, like, three things for my wife, and by that time I was like, I'm not going to make it there on time.
I'm going to miss the new Deadpool preview, and that's going to make me sad, so I decided not to.
Plus, I would have gotten here late.
It's all good. It's fine. I'm hoping to get out during the week at some point. We'll see.
SS2 and Hunter Matt in chat over at live.vognetwork.com saying nothing can silence Loki.
You know what? The systems in here have been trying tonight.
So real quick recap. First off, I want to say a big welcome to those of you.
We talked to a lot of people at GX3 or GamerX that stopped by the table.
So if there's any new listeners out there listening to OLR tonight who might have stopped by and said hi to us over at our table,
which could include, by the way, I had a conversation with podcasting with Trixie Mattel from RuPaul's Drag Race Season 7.
You missed that, Jamie, when Trixie came by the table.
But turns out Trixie listens to podcasts on her flights back and forth to different shows.
So shout out to Trixie if you're out there listening.
Hashtag justice for Trixie or whatever it was.
Anyway, so all that aside, we talked to a lot of people there at the expo, drag queens and non-drag queens.
Actually, a lot of non-drag queens.
And just talked about podcasting and everything that we have on the network with our variety of shows
and how we have shows about like Star Trek and World of Warcraft and movies and TVs.
And so I hope we got a few listeners from that.
So if this is your first time listening to Orange Lawns Radio, welcome.
We've been running, oh, golly, nonstop since 2002.
We started as an Internet radio program dedicated to dance dance revolution and music based video games
and kind of grew from that into all things video gaming because, of course, we were just fans of video games first.
It just so happens we were playing at the time a lot of Parappa the Rappa and bust a groove depending on what country you were in.
So we were talking about that for a while and then we did games.
So we like to be very interactive. We call ourselves a show where every gamer has a voice.
And we invite you guys to pull up a chair with us at our dinner table.
There's one thing we used to do when we played Dance Dance Revolution is after we played some DDR,
we would go to the cafe right across the street and sit down and talk some smack about video games.
So that's what we do here.
And order fried food because, you know, nothing better than after working out for a while to eat some fried fruits to offset it.
We just burned off all those calories playing DDR. Let's have some mozzarella sticks.
Let's do it right now.
So, yeah, that's we've kind of kept that tradition going now for going into next year.
Our 14th year is next year.
Every time I say the number, I die a little inside.
All right.
We're entering high school.
We love it. We love you guys. We love doing this.
And we're going to do it for a long time.
Although the computer tonight really didn't want it to happen.
I come into the studio after a two week break.
And again, we've been a little bit, admittedly, we've been spotty the past couple months.
I can't stand it because I got sick.
Then we had Thanksgiving, but I fell, had that fall and I would have been able to show anyway.
And then we had GX, which admittedly was an awesome reason to miss the show.
I don't apologize for that.
But I don't like that we miss so many shows back to back.
We like to be here every single week.
But tonight, I come in the studio, computer won't power on.
I'm like, what the hell?
So I figured it must have tripped the breaker at some point.
I'd like hold in the power button for a second, finally figured it out, got it working.
I'm like, phew.
Then it looks like Alan unplugged the internet at some point, which is fine.
That happens.
Sometimes you got to clean the hall.
So the cord's got to go or whatever.
And then so finally figured that out.
But the cord, it's like one of those things where the cord, we have this super long cord.
It's like a hundred foot cord that runs from the computer all the way to the router.
Like one of those that I have it at home.
It's ethernet through power.
You just plug it in.
Yeah, that would be cool.
And you guys might be thinking, why don't you just use Wi-Fi?
Because it's internet radio and we're streaming constantly.
We really have to have a wired connection for that.
Even if your Comcast is anything like my Comcast, it's fucking sucked.
Exactly.
Like I'm just like, it's seriously getting worse every day.
And I'm not sure how that's possible.
So finally figured out the net thing.
I just had to bend the cord just right at like the 30 degree angle that'll make it get the signal.
Okay, so then finally, you know, I had a moment of weakness and I clicked yes when Skype said,
do you want to upgrade Skype?
And now it won't work.
I try to bring it up and it says, sorry, we can't find the internet while I'm running IRC and Google and everything else in the background.
It's like, sorry, can't find the internet.
So I'm like, all right, well, there's plenty of websites out there where I can download the old version.
So download old version Skype 5.0 and still won't work.
So trying to install Skype messed my settings.
So I'm going to have to look into that this week.
So we have this whole rig set up in studio where I've got my iPhone plugged into our mixing board.
So we can hopefully take some calls later in the show.
But so we can definitely tonight bring you an interview.
I'm very excited. We're going to have a guest on the show tonight.
One of the cool things about going to an expo like GX got to talk to a lot of indie developers that were there showing their stuff.
And one of the games that we saw actually made that transition from early access to a fully fledged release game on Steam this week.
So we're excited. We're going to have Rick on the show tonight from Tipping Goat Games.
Love that name.
Going to talk to us tonight about Super Slam Dunk Touchdown.
And this is a game that kind of takes a lot of 8-bit retro sports games and it's like a giant Katamari ball that rolls them all up.
And it's one game that incorporates all these elements.
So we're going to have Rick on in about 15 minutes to tell us a little more about how that game works.
And I think he's shown this game at some of the Penny Arcade Expos and some other places.
So I know some of our listeners are actually well aware of this game that weren't even at GX.
So you may not know though that it's actually out now on Steam.
If you want to try it out for yourself, you can check that out.
Just use that old search box in Steam and you will be happily on your way.
Rick will be joining us live and you can ask your questions about the game.
In fact, I see SSJ100matt in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says,
I'm hyped about this game.
And yeah, if you want to ask Rick some questions, we will be fielding questions from our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
But first, we need to recap what happened while we were gone.
We missed a week of show.
So I think we need to do last week's news set to Holik.
So while we were gone last week for GX, Minecraft finally launched on the Wii U.
But if you were looking forward to that Wii U gamepad support,
so you could do inventory management and stuff on Minecraft Wii U,
I'm sorry, but you can do off-screen play like you can do in every Wii U game.
So there you go.
Also, Mercedes-Benz and Nintendo teamed up for a Super Mario Maker costume.
And it's actually in the game now and you can actually play us a little race car in Super Mario Maker.
And I know there was some more news on Mario Maker this week we'll get into a little bit later.
And also, a new patent supposedly serviced for the Nintendo NX last week.
A weird controller that actually had a video or an image screen built into the controller.
I don't know, it looked a little weird to me, but I guess it's the way they could change the controller
and how it looks on the fly.
You mean like a touchpad where they can have signed buttons to random slots?
That sounds fucking terrible.
Yeah, I...
It's like, jeez, you know what I really wish I had in my console gaming experience
is that wonderful usability of not having buttons on a touchpad or mobile device.
I have real problems with this if the buttons are fake.
Because it doesn't work well for mobile gaming unless that is the way the game is meant to be controlled
is with swiping and dragging.
Like for some games it works fine, but when you try to take, like if you were to take Super Mario Brothers
and just put it on iPhone or Android, it would be horrible.
Sonic is that way on the phone, right? And it stinks.
I'm sorry, I love Sonic, but it stinks on mobile devices.
Because tangible controls are different than touch button controls.
So now, if the whole thing with NX is that the controller is a TV, but it has tangible buttons kind of inside it,
like you know what I mean, like the TV is built around those controls,
then I think that's kind of weird as hell, but...
I think it's stupid.
We'll try it.
And the reason why I think it's stupid is because my hand is on the controller,
I can't see the image under my hand.
So I don't...
See the point.
Depending on the design of the controller, like okay, I think about a controller like the Nintendo 64 controller.
That thing was a fat controller, or the original Xbox controller, Jesus.
That thing was a fat controller.
I don't want to hold a fucking LCD screen in my hand like that, you know.
But see, maybe I'm weird, but I like the Wii U gamepad controller.
It doesn't bother me the way it bothers everybody else.
I like it until I play Minecraft with it, and I fucking hate it.
I seriously, like, it made me realize how much I hate that controller.
Well anyway, now keep in mind, it's a patent.
It doesn't necessarily mean anything.
People like to jump to conclusions with this stuff.
We won't really know anything until E3 next year, but it's very interesting nonetheless.
So those are some of the big stories from the week that we were gone.
Anything else we want to talk about with GX?
Dark Sakura, how was your GX experience?
I mean, I know you did the costume and had your picture taken a lot.
You're a Grey Warden from Dragon Age, and very well received.
I know they had a contest.
Sadly, no trophies for Dark Sakura, but you had some stiff competition,
and I think you were just doing it for fun, right?
Well, I wanted to win something.
Winning's nice. Winning's nice.
I had a really good time.
I only bonked a few people with my staff.
It broke a lot, and I did repairs three nights in a row, it seemed.
It's a miracle that we got this.
By the way, she had this full-length staff with this intricate skull thing on the top of it,
and then a metal... well, it wasn't actually a metal blade, but an illusion of a metal blade at the end.
Somehow fit that thing in my car with five people in my little Civic.
I think the whole thing ended up being something like six and a half feet long.
So definitely another foot and a half taller than me.
But we got it to fit in the car, and I carried it around the whole convention
and walked in boots that I really should have had better insults for.
But it was a really good time.
I didn't really want to get back into the costume after dinner to go back to the cosplay dance.
I heard there was drama, so I'm kind of glad I didn't go.
Drama in the form of...
Oh, yeah. I don't want to linger on the negative, but somebody had way too much to drink,
and I think it was more than just liquor, that's all I'm going to say,
and basically the ambulance was called on him and had to get taken out of the place,
and it kind of shut the thing down early.
But you know what? For those not involved, it was handled well.
The guy got the medical attention he needed.
He was fine because he was on the gurney making motions and things, so I know he's fine,
but it didn't really ruin the party, if that makes sense.
He added it early, but it didn't ruin the spirit or anything, so for what it's worth.
Well, at any rate, I would say that I'm not the same type of congoer I used to be,
but I had a really good time cosplaying.
I really miss it because it's been a while since I've done any kind of serious cosplay.
Victoria did a great job with the costume itself, and all the props were mine, but...
Did you get to participate or see any panels or get to play games?
I didn't go to any panels but our own.
Yeah? How'd the Podcast Cross Zone panel go for you?
It was really, really cool.
It was good that we just kept moving around and got to make some good points
and talk with people in the crowd. It was great.
I did play fake scrabble in costume against a templar to see who could spell better,
as in, haha spell, lol.
We've actually got pictures up on Twitter, so I can find them and link them in the chat room.
I was really tired, though, at the end of every day.
I mean, that kind of goes without saying.
Yeah, cons can be really draining.
Yeah, but I'm hoping to break the costume back out for a day of sac anime if all goes to plan.
Excellent.
And other than that, yeah.
Great.
How's your turn?
Yeah, I...
Oh, and I played the sports ball game, which is what I'm naming it in my head because the name's kind of long.
And I played that goggle game, not the Oculus-type game, with the Samsung headset.
I was just about to ask this because they were demoing a game on Oculus,
and I apologize so much to these creators because I forget the names of the games in the moment.
But there was one on the Oculus, and there was one using the Gear VR.
And you played the Gear VR one, right?
I did because it can be adjusted to near-sighted.
And you know what's funny is that I was actually speaking an email with the creators, and I think I CC'd you on my reply.
I don't know if you got it.
Yeah, I probably did, but trying to organize stuff for a few weeks out.
Well, yeah, but I'm trying...
Yeah, I've got the email right here so I can actually get the name.
It was...
Oh, yeah, it was Bizarre VR.
Oh, okay.
That was it.
I knew it had something to do with Bizarre, but I wanted to make sure.
But yeah, it was pretty fun, and there were great people.
Her name was Teresa working there, which I would love to have them on the show too.
Have her on the show.
We'll make it happen. We will.
Yeah.
But at any rate, those were the big things that I played.
I tried a few other things, but those were really my two.
I gotta back up though for a minute when you talk about VR,
because you have openly talked on the show about that a lot of first-person games will make you very motion sick,
and you don't like to play things like Skyrim in first person,
because that can really kind of mess with you.
And it happens.
After playing Fast Racing Neo this week, which I'll talk about later,
I can totally see how that happens to people.
So I can imagine there might have been some hesitation to get into VR,
but how did that go for you, all things considered?
I wonder if part of it was because I wasn't wearing my glasses.
But I seem to do just fine.
After a little while, I got a headache, which is about normal.
It got a little queasy, like with some of the turns,
but it was really smooth for the most part,
and there is a big part of me that's wondering if it's because of my glasses.
Interesting.
The fact that I was pretty much using unfiltered glasses.
I'm going to break down a little science here.
Glasses will refract light so that your eyeballs will see it at the right magnificence.
Instead of having the focal point be in a place other than where your eyes are set to look at.
So in this case, it was actually being projected to me at what was fine for my eyes.
And I think that something in that might have made it to where I didn't get as motion sick,
because I didn't get the same kind of weird eye strain that I get with monitors and things too.
It just wasn't there.
I suppose this is a question worth asking. What was the game? What was the experience in there?
You basically float around on a flying carpet, and you look around for missing things in each level.
And you can find coins.
Oh, so when you say Bazaar, it's like Aladdin's...
B-A-Z-A-A-R.
Not like Bazaar, Love Triangle, which is what came to my mind.
Bazaar, not Bizzar.
Does it play New Order?
No, but the music's really good in it.
I liked it. She was talking about the composer.
Oh, cool.
But yeah, the music was really good.
Basically, you go through these different floating levels.
Well, you're on the carpet, but you're over a canal.
And then you have to look for the different pieces.
And it's funny, if you look up, you can see the sky.
And you've got constellations that match the different things that you're looking for.
So you get all the pieces for that, and then you unlock the next level.
And you've got a shop that you can pick up extra Turkish Delight and other things.
I'm wondering if there's going to be more stuff added, like enemies and things, as you go.
Well, I'm sure a lot of these games were in early development.
But it was very pink.
But it was a pretty good game.
It was a pretty good game. I was very pleased with it.
I had a lot of fun playing it.
I probably could have kept going, if not for a little bit of a headache.
Just the one thing that actually really helped me stay centered is keeping my hand on the table.
Because my feet were rooted, right?
But keeping my hand on the table kind of connected me back.
Yeah, it kind of didn't let you go all in.
It kept you grounded, literally, like a lightning rod or something.
I would say more that it kept me oriented.
Okay.
So that I knew which way I was facing.
And if I couldn't find the table with my hand, I knew that I was facing away from the table.
Because it would have been behind me.
Okay.
So it really was like my anchor, in this case, kept me focused on where my directions were and where I was facing.
So that I knew at any given point that if I had to take that thing off and run, for example, I know I'd be going in the right direction.
I'd know which way to turn.
Which is, it's actually always been a thing for me, is always knowing where my exit routes are.
So Jamie survived her first Gear VR experience and didn't get sick or anything.
Didn't have a panic attack.
Had some ideas on how to make that experience work for you.
That's great.
It was a cute game and I really had a good time.
I'd like to see, actually, Dan and I were talking about this today, where we were talking about how they have those VR sets and would love to see something like that for iOS.
Having something like that would definitely open doors for more gamers.
And honestly enough, I could see things like that really working well with Google Maps, for example, how you have that walk view.
Imagine having virtual tours and whatnot.
Or say people, here's a business idea.
Virtual house tours if you're buying a model home.
Yeah.
And if you say, oh, well, I like this, but I want a counter here.
Or you look at the thing and navigate the menu.
You know how people will move to a city they haven't even been to yet because of a job or something?
And they have to like get an apartment kind of like unseen?
Like a VR experience could really bring that to you.
I mean, it's interesting that we're having this conversation because, you know, you go back a few months ago to one of the big stories with VR that Facebook bought Oculus, right?
And people are like, why does Facebook want to get into gaming?
And it's like, yo, there's way more to Oculus than just gaming.
And there's a great example, although I feel like I should patent pending.
That's my business because I could make some money on that.
There's also people who, well, like for me being nearsighted, that's one thing.
I could take off my glasses and see just fine in the game.
And if you have people with, say, who have to have like things magnified for them, you have that adjustable thing on the goggle.
And, you know, it can help people who may have difficulty seeing in general or, you know, something that can change brightness and everything for people with dim vision, stuff like that, improve contrast.
You know, it could be possible that you even have like another camera on the other side.
I mean, there's all kinds of ideas for application of things like that.
But for the most part, you know, despite, you know, we could speculate all night about, you know, what type of things we could see come out of that type of technology.
But in the end, I mean, I have no problem with games.
We can do some games too over there.
S21 Hunter Matt noting in the chat over at live.vognetwork.com, all three OLR hosts have dove into the Rift now.
Yes, that is, well, technically you didn't do the Rift.
I didn't do the Rift because I couldn't wear my glasses with the Oculus Rift.
But, you know, we've all had the VR headset experience, modern.
Is there something else that occurred to me? Do you remember E3 a while back where they had the sphere that you touch it and it gives you like almost topographical feedback where it would develop texture?
Yes.
Could you imagine something like that with the Oculus?
You know, that was a rumor for, believe it or not, that's been a rumor for Nintendo's DS at one point that it would have something like that.
And it was a rumor for iPhones at one point.
And I think iPhones did the reverse of that with the force push that they have in the, I'm talking like it's Star Wars, but you know what I mean?
Like the force feedback thing they have in the new iPhones.
3D touch.
Yeah, that's it. 3D touch.
However, it has done kind of the reverse in the form of the haptic feedback on the Apple Watch.
Ah, gotcha.
Basically it's, for me, my haptic feedback is, you got a text message and turn bitch for my directions. Or get off your ass and stand up.
Loki, were you trying to add something here a minute ago to the VR discussion? I'm sorry.
No.
I thought I saw you pick up your mic. All right.
Well, he could have picked up his mic because he wanted to.
Ah, maybe. Who knows? Quickly, quickly before we get to our guests tonight, I know there was some other stuff in the exhibit hall too, a lot of crafters that kind of make their own things.
Yeah, I was hanging out with the artists like the entire time. It was great.
Yeah, some really talented people in there.
Made some good friends there. Um, actually did like a little fake, uh, menorah lighting with one of them. It was great.
And you know, and basically I watched her booth so she could get a beer.
They were giving the beers out. Because yeah, they gave us beer and it was great. Um, thank you Intel for beer. Um, I actually hung out with a few people from Intel just talking chop for a while.
They had a really interesting booth where they had walls where you could basically write down and it was these questions like, what do you want to see in gaming in a few years?
And what do you, you know, these very, especially considering the audience that GX targets, which is this very diverse audience that sometimes feels like in that Xbox Live culture where a lot of nasty things are flinged around that maybe they don't fit in.
It was very interesting to see kind of a lot of what was written on the wall. I thought that was a very neat idea.
But I will say this, I don't know how you feel about this dark soccer, but I would say, and I just want to say footnote, I don't want this to read as like a huge negative or anything because I love gamer X. I love GX.
I financially supported this expo in a big way this year. But I found that in the expo hall, I was a little taken aback by how you had some big exhibitors there that didn't really bring games.
Like you have Blizzard, you have Blizzard that was there with Jobs or whatever. Intel had their walls, but that was cool. And they gave away cookies. So I'm not going to, but the rock band area was fun.
The rock band did it right. But I thought it was so weird that Blizzard had this big presence and it was like, they were, they had a job seeker there and it was like, no, no Overwatch, no World of Warcraft.
I actually did talk with the ladies there for a while. And they were both, yeah, like, yeah, the whole company's buckling down for stuff right now.
Yeah. And Overwatch has been down for maintenance too. So maybe that, that came into play too. But I just, I was kind of surprised, especially coming off of last year where you had Gearbox was there showing Borderlands, the pre-sequel or whatever it was.
That was the first time that was playable was at the last GX. Not that I'm saying I expect cutting edge stuff out of the expo. I was just surprised that the expo hall itself only had the indie games, which is great because I found a lot of good stuff there.
But it didn't have any corporate games considering all that corporate support that went into it. I'm just, I was a little surprised by that compared to last year.
But again, I don't want that to read like a negative because I do think the con is doing some good things. And I kind of think everybody involved realizes that. I don't think I'm the first person to say that.
And so I kind of think that's already on their radar for what can we do next year to put, put the bigger game in GamerX.
The only reason I wish we'd been able to stay for the closing ceremonies and feedback was to please beg for the cosplay contest to go back to the Saturday night instead of Sunday.
I have a feeling the only reason it was on Sunday was because the talent that hosted it. That was the day they were in town. I have a weird feeling. But then again, they were there Saturday night because they came by the table Saturday night. So I don't know.
And that's just a lot of, especially since like us, we checked out of our hotel.
Right. Yeah. Yeah.
And when you are dealing with that much crap, you know, props and your costume and needing help because Alan had to help me change into parts of my costume.
You need to have access to your hotel room for that kind of stuff. So.
But other than that, I mean, everything was really smooth. The cosplay contest in general was run a lot more smoothly than it was last year.
Yeah. And I thought, I did, I did want to say the space, you know, it was a big transition for them to go from San Francisco to San Jose. I love the new space.
It worked so much.
It worked so much better. So much more room to move around. The convention center was great.
It felt more con like.
Yes.
Than.
Although I kind of felt like they probably could have sold more tickets. I mean, from what I heard, it was close to a sellout, but it didn't look like, I kind of feel like they could have packed more people in there if they wanted to.
I think it'll get bigger. I don't know if it's going to be Fauna Mae big for a while, but.
No, no, I know.
It's going to get bigger.
Yeah. And again, there were so many great things come out of it. So much networking that I did. Like, I'm not, I had a great time and just the festivities.
I just made a lot of friends.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It was just hanging with cool people.
Yeah.
One of the cool people we met at the convention, uh, down had the booth, like right near us. And we were looking at that game going, what is that? That looks kind of like, is that dodge ball?
What is that? That guy's playing over there. And, uh, turns out, uh, it's a game called super slam dunk touchdown.
And it's like a bunch of eight bit sports games all rolled into one. And, uh, we played roller derby character is the best. We played it.
We had a lot of fun with it. And I was like, Oh, we got to get you on the show. When, when does it come out?
And he said this week I was like, Oh, well shoot. So we're going to get them on the line right now. We're going to, uh, give Rick a call and Rick is with tipping goat games.
And he's going to talk to us tonight about this game, super slam dunk touchdown. And I think we have them on the line. Rick, are you there?
Yes. Hello. Thanks for having me.
Hey, no problem, Rick. Thanks so much for being here.
My pleasure.
How was, uh, how was GX for you? Did you have a good time at the show?
I had a great time. It was, uh, I've done a lot of expos and so they've ranged from nightmarish to, uh, just a pleasant time.
And that was on the positive end of the spectrum. So I'm positive, uh, about that show. It was a good show.
Now. I didn't realize this about you when we were playing the game and, and there at the expo, but that GX was kind of in your backyard.
It was local to you, right? So that, that must've made it very convenient.
Oh yeah. It was super easy. Just parked, carried my stuff in. I was done.
I know that was, that was the great thing about us having a table that didn't involve computers or any of that stuff, because it's like we could just kind of carry it all in one setting. It was great.
Um, so tell us a little bit about a super slam dunk touchdown for those of our listeners out there who weren't at GX, which is unfortunately most people.
Uh, tell us a little bit about the game and what it looks like and what it's like.
Uh, sure. It's a local multiplayer irreverent all sports mashup. Uh, so as you mentioned 8-bit, uh, games, it's sort of inspired by 8 and 16-bit era games that didn't take themselves terribly seriously, the sports games of that era.
Uh, so you mentioned Super Dodge Ball, which is a, a lot of people make that comparison as well. Um, so it looks, it looks retro. It's, it's got 8, 16-bit sort of graphics, but it's actually driven by 3D physics. So there's kind of nuance to how the balls move and everything.
Hmm. How did you, uh, how did you get inspired to do a game like this? Where did it, where did it come from when you, when you put pen to paper and said, this is the game I want to make?
This game has been burning a hole in my brain for about, about six years now. I finally have been able to release it, but, uh, yeah, about six years ago, I was like, I really want to make an all sports crazy mashup game.
And it probably comes from just growing up in an era of local multiplayer. That was the only kind of multiplayer back then. And, uh, I, I feel like social gaming to me is people hanging out together playing a game. And, uh, so I wanted to make something like that.
Uh, and, uh, again, if you want to ask Rick a question about Super Slam Dunk Touchdown, you can over at live.vognetwork.com in our chat room over there. Um, so I noticed, uh, you talking a lot about local multiplayer and, uh, I noticed when you came to the show, you brought like four separate controllers. You had everything. You were really stressing that this is, this is a party game, right?
So if I were to ask about, well, what about online? What, what, what's your thoughts on that? I mean, online, just not in the cards free? That's not what you want this to be?
Well, first off, there was six controllers. We do up to six players locally on Windows.
Oh, my bad. My bad. I forgot how to count.
Well, if I wanted to take maybe, I don't know, three to six months and really try to make it online, I probably could do that. But that's not really the heart and soul of what this game is about.
And, uh, it's really about yelling at your teammates and, uh, you know, having a good time together. So I think having people in front of the TV is a better experience for this title.
Um, that said, if I had, you know, unlimited funding, I'd love to pay somebody to add an online component, but we're a very, very small studio, uh, with a total employee count of one.
I was about to say, is it just you that's doing all this?
Uh, well, I contract out the art, uh, as money comes in, but yeah, it's just me.
Got it. Wow. That's still very impressive for such a small studio of one basically to have created something like this. So props to you.
This must be, how are you feeling this week with the big release and the whole kind of making that transition from early access to a full release? How are you feeling?
I have to, I'll be honest. I kind of feel like a college senior, just sort of sliding the paper under the door at 11 59. You know, I just, just get it out there. I'm going to go lay down.
It's been, it's been a long, long year and a half since I've been working on this and I'm looking forward to the break.
What are some of the reactions you see when you see people playing your game at expos? Because again, you are bringing this full, you, you, you bring this game to cons the way it's meant to be played.
And so you're able to get, you know, sometimes, sometimes I can't get five people over to my house to play a video game. I mean, if I have, you know, liquor maybe, but at a con, it's very easy to get that together.
So you must see all sorts of, of great reactions. What do you, what do you, what do you kind of see from the people to play your game at cons?
Well, there's several stages. First, it's like confusion because they're not sure what it is they're looking at. And then their brain tries to tell them what they're looking at, but they still don't really believe it.
So they have to come over and then they see what it is and that it's real and then they want to play. And then they find out it's six players and you know, there's a critical mass problem at these conventions.
If I get one or two people playing, it's pretty easy to get six, but if it's empty, it's a little harder.
What, now for those that don't know, what is the object of the game? Because they, you might look at it and you see, okay, I've got this soccer goal and it's got a basketball hoop on it. And then there's like that, that touchdown tee. What, what, what is the object? Yeah, goal pose.
Just in plain, simple terms, you're taking your sports players, a whole team of sports players, and you're trying to maneuver the ball or puck or whatever it is through one of the goal areas, which could be a lower net, it could be a basketball style hoop, or it could be the uprights, the football, American football style field goal pose.
So there's different ways to score and then all the different players are kind of playing their own way. So baseball players hitting pop flies, the hockey players hitting slap shots, the soccer players kicking, the American football players tossing spirals. And so you mix all that together and it becomes a crazy 3D physics team based sports game.
Now, I noticed that it wasn't really just the sports players and the sports balls themselves that were all coming together. But as I was playing, I was playing the game earlier today to, you know, prepare for this. And I noticed that there was a lot of just other, for lack of a better term, crazy shit that would happen while you're playing the game. Like the marching band would just start running right through the middle of the game doing their thing.
And then I think my derby girl got three shots in a row. So of course, as what happens in hockey when you get three shots in a row, hats start flying all over the arena. And just all this crazy stuff starts happening. Where did you come up with all these ideas and what made you think like, oh, I just want to get it crazier with all this stuff?
Well, it's just things that pop up in your brain when you think sports. And, you know, these are things. Hat trick, that's a thing. You know, if you ask somebody who doesn't know anything about sports, they'll just name some terms. And so it's sort of just, you know, the marching band shows up. Doesn't show up in the middle of the match, but it's more fun that way. So it's kind of just putting as much sports in as small a tight a space as we can and just seeing what happens.
Now, am I crazy? Or did I see a streaker? Because I swear to God, the other team all of a sudden had a player running around the back of the goalpost who was just naked. Like, is that thing?
That's a thing. We just released an update. He used to kind of just drop from the ceiling, but now he's hiding in the crowd. So if you look in the crowd as you're playing and you see a shady guy with the trench coat on, watch out because he might jump into the arena and try to steal the ball.
That cracked me up because, I mean, the art is done so tastefully that you're not going to see anything that's going to make this game get an AO rating, right?
Fortunately, we're dealing with subpixels there.
Yeah, exactly, right. So you can't really see anything, but it's just kind of like, because I kind of did a double take. I'm like, first off, who is that guy? And second off, does he have no clothes on? What is he doing?
But I didn't even realize that he had jumped in from the crowd just because there's so much other stuff going on.
Oh, that's new. That's new. So I'm posting updates. We've done our first post-release update. There's going to be a season mode expansion next year, so I'm continuously trying to improve the game and making it better for a hopeful, eventual console release.
Oh, nice. What consoles are you looking at?
I'm under tight lips right now. I can't say much.
All right, fair enough. You come back when you can tell us. So what else was I going to say? There are some modes in the game. There's what? There's two modes in the game now? There's the challenge mode and kind of the quick play mode, right?
Yep, you can also battle the ending credits if you want to do that.
I somehow missed that. You can battle the credits?
Yes, and there's a shot practice mode too, which I encourage everybody to try that just to get the feel for the game before the AI starts beating you up.
But yeah, you battle the credits. Do you remember Altered Beast on the Sega Genesis did that? You beat the game and then the credits would come down and they'd start knocking you out. So that sort of stuck with me and I was like, let's get our revenge. Let's beat up the credits.
So the credits is made of balls and you can throw them at each other.
That kind of happens in Super Smash Brothers as well with the credit roll, but it's a little different, but I love that.
And yeah, DarkTetsuya making that same comparison in our chat room over at live.vognetware.com.
Going to some other questions from our chat room over at live.vognetware.com, SSJ100Matt says,
So I see a lot of sources of inspiration in the game like Blades of Steel, Double Dribble, Tecmo Super Bowl, Super Dodge Ball, Nintendo World Cup, Hit the Ice, NHL 94, NBA Jam. Am I missing anything?
Oh sure, yeah. You've got Speedball was one. Is NES Ice Hockey in that list?
Nope, NES Ice Hockey was not in the list.
There was one, Pigskin, I forget the year, it was like 320 AD or something like that, but it was like a medieval Pigskin game where you have pits that you can fall in and a bunch of guys beating each other up.
So that whole era, I guess they couldn't do a realistic sports game very well, so they said, oh well, let's just make it fun. And that's kind of what this game's about.
I probably told you this when I was playing the game for the first time, I'm not really a sports ball kind of guy. I enjoy going to a hockey game and occasionally a basketball game, but I'm horrible at playing the real thing and I don't get as into it as a lot of other people my age do.
So when games were NBA Jam or Tecmo Bowl, when it was very arcade-y in the element of it, that's when I loved sports games the most. And I'm assuming you must find the same thing to be similar or true as well to have been inspired to make a game like this, right?
Absolutely. Yeah, those games were fun. Anyone can pick them up, so this game has three buttons and an analog stick, so anybody can pick this up. There's a lot to learn, there's a lot you can learn about the different players and everything, but at its heart it's a very accessible experience, which I think it should be.
And you and I were having a conversation about how newer sports games like the Madden's of the world and so forth are oftentimes, I think you called them simulations, and I thought that was a really good kind of comparison. Does this game get anything from newer sports titles?
I'll be honest, the newest sports title that I'm able to play would be some iteration of Virtuit Tennis, which is kind of similar. You had analog stick and a few buttons. I tried to play a modern soccer game that there was a demo for on PlayStation, and you literally had to juggle the ball with the stick. You couldn't just move the guy, you had to actually try to keep the ball from getting away from you, and I'm like, this is way too much.
You know what I'll tell you is one of the best sports games to come out in years and years besides, of course, Super Slam Dunk Touchdown. I'll tell you, it's Rocket League.
Oh yes, yes. I have not had a chance to play that, I'm afraid it's going to suck me in.
Yeah, I wouldn't doubt you're going to play it and then all of a sudden a car is going to show up in Super Slam Dunk Touchdown somewhere, I'll tell you.
But that's kind of the same thing where it's like a sports game. Well, it's not really a sport, but it kind of is. It's just fun and silly and easily accessible. Because everybody knows how to drive a video game car. It's accelerate and brake. Very, very easy.
Brake?
Yeah, who uses the brake? Who uses that?
That's what the walls are for.
Let's see, Tigerclaw says, a sports game with very simple controls that doesn't require you to do complicated button combinations would be more fun to play. And I noticed that is kind of part of your game, right? It's like two or three buttons tops, right?
Yeah, one of them's passed, so you're hardly using that unless your teammate has the ball or you want to send it over there. There's a shoot button, that's the main button. And then there's a turbo boost, so that's pretty much like NBA Jam in terms of number of buttons.
And then I noticed that, I guess the shoot button would also double as the fight button. And if you can get enough people in the fight, it'll turn into this cartoon cloud that starts flying all over the arena, right?
Yeah, and that was actually a product of user feedback. So I used to do playtest parties early on to get local multiplayer feedback, and the chaos of the game was a little too much for people. So that rowdy cloud, as I call it, sucks people in. If they're getting too violent, let's put them in one place and they can mash their buttons and let the guy who's not in that fight try to shoot and win the game.
I've noticed that your game has gone through some changes with graphics, too, because I saw some screenshots and I think some material you've done for PAX, and the slam dunk sequence looked very different than it does now. Before it was kind of, I don't want to say it was plain, but it was a little plainer. But now it looks like you got the full audience. It looks like that double dribble thing we all remember from when we were kids, which had to be an influence, I'm sure, right?
Yeah, I definitely wanted to do that, but I wanted to make it interactive. And the old art, which has been kind of the bane of my existence this year, has been slowly getting replaced. And the art that you might be referring to, the early art, I actually drew that over Christmas right after my artist decided to pursue other projects.
So that has been programmer art that has been in the game for a long time, and I'm so happy to have replaced that with the really nice looking, as you said, inspired by double dribble dunk sequences.
How many changes did your game go through in development?
It went through a lot of evolutions. If you go back and look at the very early videos, you can tell it's just a super primitive version of what it is now. The main things were with player feedback and just letting people know what was going on. So there's an aiming cursor, you can tell which direction you're pointing while you're aiming, which is helpful. There's a pass cursor that shows up when you're being passed to, so little things like that that just kind of clue people in. The player selection screen went through about three or four different durations to get where it is now.
Now, this game was on early access for a little while. How long were you on early access until the release this week?
It was about three months, I think.
And did you get feedback through that process as well? How did that work?
That was great, because it was pulling teeth sometimes after my same friends had played the game, and they were like, okay, let's play a different game. We've been playing this all summer.
But when it goes into early access, suddenly all these people are playing and they're on the Steam forums, and it's like, okay, cool.
Now I've got feedback from fresh players, they're seeing it with fresh eyes, I'm getting good reactions, honest reactions.
And you kind of have to, as a developer, take everything everybody says very seriously.
Because if there's a problem, if they're not playing the game what you think is correctly, then you're not communicating it correctly to them.
So it's been very useful. So thanks to everybody on the Steam forums, and please do jump on there if you've got any feedback.
I bet a lot of us sometimes take that for granted, especially if we're developing.
And not that everybody listening to this show necessarily develops full-on games, but something like Super Mario Maker I think has really opened it up so that some people can kind of experience what that process is like a little bit.
And I know I'm fascinated when I watch people play a level that I made in Mario Maker on YouTube or Twitch or something.
And it's like, that is not how I intended people to get past that part of the game.
Or that is not how you're supposed to do that part, but they did it.
And that's got to be even exponentially the case when you're making a full-fledged game as opposed to a level in Mario.
Well that's the joy of it, because you see things for the first time because somebody will be playing it in a way that you've never played it before.
And sometimes that leads to bugs, but other times it leads to just really hilarious stuff.
One of the things that happened during a convention, there was a fight and the ball got knocked just because of the 3D physics so high that it went off the screen for like a good 3 or 4 seconds.
And I thought, okay, that's interesting, that's new.
So I actually put a ceiling on the game now, and if it goes up that high you can actually knock a light loose, it'll fall down and land on the field.
So it's just by observing how people play the game we can add to it and make it more fun.
Awesome. Let me get to one more question here from our chat room.
S2100Matt asking, you were able to get this done in a year and a half, which is an impressive feat considering how polished the game looks.
How much of your time was taken up with development versus work versus real life stuff? Did you even sleep?
I did sleep, but that's about all I did. I actually quit my job in May of 2014 to work on this game and have been working non-stop ever since then.
And I mentioned the crisis over Christmas last year, that basically, that crisis didn't stop until launch.
So it's been a lot of work, it's been a lot of fun, it's been up and down in all directions.
Well congratulations on the launch of the game. And again, radio can only go so far as to what this game really looks like.
I do encourage you guys to go check it out. On the Steam store, super slam dunk touchdown.
Rick, any other websites or social media for our listeners to see more about this game?
Sure, you can check out our Facebook page, you can follow me on Twitter, Tipping Goat.
And we also have a webpage at tippinggoat.com. I'm also very active on the Steam forums and there is a subreddit at SSDTouchdown.
So whatever your network of choice.
Very cool. And I'm hoping to get a YouTube done of some play this week.
I wanted to do that today and then all the computer stuff started happening here in studio.
So I'm going to try to get that on my YouTube channel a little later this week, so that'll be something as well.
And yeah, I do definitely encourage people to at least give the game a look and I think it's going to kind of get you right in that feel.
Where Blades of Steel and Double Dribble and NBA Jam and those games back when sports games were arcadey and fun.
I think it's going to get you in that same spot. So congrats to you, Rick.
Thank you.
Alright, best of luck with the game and thanks for being on OLR tonight.
Thanks for having me.
Alright, take care. Bye bye.
You too.
Alright, that was Rick with Tipping Goat Games and the game there Super Slam Dunk Touchdown.
Dark Soccer, I know you got to play that as well at the Con and I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did.
I had a good time.
Yeah.
I had a really good time.
Although, I don't know why I just kept blanking on the name over and over, but it's still funny.
Well, it is kind of all these different sports terms all together.
The goal is to sport harder than the other people.
I think it seems like it can be set up kind of very similar to iDarb where they have...
Maybe even if he doesn't do internet play over the internet, like multiplayer, he can do maybe some sort of Twitch support or something like that.
With all the iDarb crap where he can put keywords in and silly shit happens.
Oh yeah, maybe some of that audience stuff, like the streakers and all that stuff. That might be kind of fun.
Like maybe some of that stuff.
Throw some power ups, like t-shirt cannons or something like that. That would be pretty awesome.
Or maybe, and I don't know how difficult this is, I mean we spout them off like they're no problem at all, but we have to remember he's only a team of one.
And I forgot to ask him about this, but there's some really silly advertisements that you see in the background.
Try Food.
Yeah, Try Food was one of them.
And I was like, I think I will try eating at some point. There's just some silly stuff there.
I should do that.
Yeah, I should try food someday. I might be good.
Alright, well again, best of luck to him.
It was a lot of fun to play and I hope he's able to get the money back for the time invested and he can look at making whatever game he wants to do next.
Maybe some more retro inspired stuff there.
So again, that's super slam dunk touchdown.
Look at that, Dungeon Buster in chat giving a link there to our listeners if they want to check that out on the Steam store.
I believe it's $14.99. That's how much that is.
Alright, we're going to get into news and talk about what else has been going on in the video game world this week.
But I do want to take a chance to go around and ask what types of video games have you been playing this week?
We always like to talk about how was your gaming week.
So outside of the con, Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
It was very TurboGrafx oriented with some Adventure Island, Monster Boy, Bonk.
We had Bonk. We had Magical Chase. A lot of Magical Chase.
Some Proteus Da. Twinbee.
I didn't play any Dragon Age. And I played some Animal Crossing, the Happy Cam Designer.
That was for the most part quite the retro-tastic week. What brought that on?
Getting our Turbo EverDrive.
That works. Alright. I have a feeling that will come back to us a little later when we get into the classic game of the week. We'll see.
Meanwhile, let's go over to Loki. How was your gaming week?
Well, I played quite a bit actually. I played lots of Fallout 4. So I'm like, gosh. I don't even know how many hours into the game.
I think it's counting in days now. So I'm at least two days in. I'd say maybe 60 hours or so. I don't remember yet.
So I'm pretty far. Still really enjoying that. It's kind of fun just to wander around. I'm enjoying it like Skyrim.
And cheating in it like Skyrim. Exploiting every possible console glitch hack I could possibly do and I'm enjoying that while I can.
I do want to play through it again. Actually, once I'm done with this one. Someone came up with the idea of doing a faction-less one.
So instead of joining one of the factions you just fucking kill everybody and be an asshole to everybody. I'm like, yes! I will do that.
That is what I want to do next time. So that's what I'm going to do.
Just Cause 3. Tried playing that a little bit. But it's a fucking mess. And it's really disappointing because I really want to play that game.
But I cannot handle trying to play one of the challenges to unlock stuff in the game and having a three minute load time in between every time I retry that.
Fuck that. I am not playing that game until that's fixed.
I also played Minecraft on the Wii U. Cause my son wanted Minecraft on the Wii U cause he wanted to play on the screen.
And so I did that and I downloaded it and played with the controller. I fucking hate the Wii U controller with that game.
The button placement stuff is very awkward. I don't like how the buttons are below the analog stick.
PlayStation and Xbox controls work a lot better for me. But that is just frustrating. I don't even want to play it.
And the text is so small on that screen. You would think like, hmm, we have this on the second screen. Maybe we should make the menus and UI fucking readable.
Nope. Let's make it fucking, just shrink it down. Make it super microscopic so you can't fucking read anything.
I'm really disappointed at what a lazy port cash in Minecraft Wii U is. I mean, for all the potential that's there with the touch screen.
I just, I really feel like this is a whole, well, it's either A, well, we gotta shut the Nintendo fans up.
Or B, well, we gotta make money from the Nintendo fans by just, you know, copy pasting.
You know, I really wish they had done more with what the Wii U was intended for.
I mean, shit, they're making tons of money from me. I bought it on pretty much every console, so I don't know why.
But, yeah, my son wants to play it. He enjoys it. That's fine. But I find the controls frustrating and I'll play it on any other system.
I just don't want to play it on that one. Especially since it's missing features that are on the other systems. No, no thanks.
But I bought it, so I guess you win. And then I bought Earth Defense Force 4.1. I wasn't gonna technically buy that, but Eric wanted to play and then he bailed out.
So I spent the money on it for no reason, but I did. But it's fine. I'm sure we'll hook up another day.
But I played through it a little bit and it's really hard. I tried like, well, I'm gonna bump it up with a hard one.
And it's like, this is really frustrating. And it's frustrating in the fact that they've changed how some of the ants and stuff attack you, so now they can shake you around and you're supposed to be able to shoot them while they're doing that.
And it's fucking annoying. It's just like, I don't know. It's kind of cheap, I guess, in that sense. But, whatever. That's the type of game it is. It's supposed to be frustratingly hard.
And, yeah. So, I'll probably play more of that after I get done with Fallout. Because I was like, I can play more of the Earth Defense Force, or I can play more Fallout. Someone play more Fallout.
And then, of course, I played tons of Ingress. I drove up the fucking Placerville and, like, rescue today to make a field from there to Auburn for no fucking reason.
Other than, I was like, oh, maybe I'll get some more points.
Uniques. You got uniques.
I had, like, two. Because I didn't really actually, you know, hack anything because I was under, like, a time constraint.
I need to get your schedule so we can go out some time together. Because you can do so much more in that game when you even have just one other person. You can do better stuff.
But, like, my schedule's gonna change after the first of the year, so then I'm not gonna have the weekdays anymore. Because they used to have Thursdays to play.
And now, nope. That's not gonna happen. So, I may have, no, I'm not gonna, depends on what my schedule is, you know, where I'm trying to shift, trade shifts, and I may not have any time in the morning anymore.
Oh, boy. Alright.
It'll be, like, weekends, maybe. Or if I take a day off. I don't know.
Well, real life is more important than silly portal bandits, so it's fine.
Yeah, I'm probably not gonna do any more of the fielding stuff. I just, like, a few weeks ago I went to Auburn, because I was meant to, like, field that day.
And then, like, I drove, like, two hours round trip to do that. And by the time I got back here to actually link it up, someone had fucking, on our own side, had fucking thrown some blocking links. I'm like, are you fucking serious?
But they didn't know. They didn't know.
Well, no, they, it's because I couldn't text them, because I'm driving on a fucking road that's twisty as fuck, and, like, in the rain, with no cell coverage. Like, well, he didn't say anything. I'm like, yeah, because I'm fucking driving. I can't text on the phone while I'm driving to tell you, with no cell signal. So, whatever, it's fine. I wasn't mad, and it was just, like, it's just something that happens.
More like your luck.
It's like, yeah, my luck. I wasted all this time. You know, drove all the way back here. It's like, oh, fuck, I can't do anything. Well, that was that, so.
Alright. I can't wait. You guys, I really feel like, because of this Ingress thing, I feel like Loki is gonna play Pokemon Go.
I'll try. So, anyways, I've been doing Christmas shopping, so I have your gifts.
Oh, my gosh.
So, you guys can choose or fight over which one, and I don't know if you have these yet, so I can never know, because you buy all these figures and stuff.
Oh, my God.
Anyways, so I got both the Sam Flynn and the Korra Disney Infinity figures. I didn't know, they look pretty awesome, and I've been buying Disney Infinity stuff, because I'm buying my son the game, Disney Infinity 2.0.
So, you guys can decide which one you want.
Wow, that's awesome. I'm fine, whichever one you want to take.
I think I'd really like Korra.
You want Korra? That's fine. I'll take Flynn.
Thank you.
Hey, thank you, Loki. I'm gonna take that out of the box.
I was looking at Amiibos, and I'm like, does he have that one?
Yes, I have them all. It's sick.
You know what, though, guys? I don't know if I should talk about this on air. I might get in trouble, but we'll see.
Shane told me he's gonna stop collecting Amiibo. I think he finally got broken, like the Amiibo thing kind of broke him.
Because I ordered the Shovel Knight Amiibo on Best Buy this week, and I was like, Shane, you didn't tell me that it was up for sale. I heard about it from somebody else.
And I was like, are you gonna go get it? He's not feeling the Amiibo thing anymore, and I'm like, are you okay, buddy?
I bought a disturbing amount of Disney Infinity figures this week.
But they were on clearance.
They were on clearance, yes. And they're used.
So I bought the game, which was on clearance, because it's last year's game.
And then I bought the figures, because they're on sale this week.
And even, like, I bought an Olaf for my other son, and that's Disney 3.0. You can't actually use it in the game, but I'm gonna download 3.0 so that they play.
But the other figures were, like, five bucks new, or they had, you know, GameStop had, like, buy two used and get three free.
I'm like, I cleared out, like, their whole section. They're hard to get anymore.
So I'm like, well, fuck, if I'm gonna buy this, I'm gonna buy the characters while I can still get them.
And fucking trying to find that Spider-Man set, just forget it. It's impossible to find. After, like, a year.
Alright, looking in our chatroom over at live.vognetware.com, I think that lit up the chatroom more than anything else.
Me saying the Shane is out of the Amiibo thing.
Act F saying, what? It's 2100, Matt. I don't believe it.
The what meme saying, did Shane finally accept a job for Sony PR?
That, that, that I would believe for everything else.
And SJ100Matt says, are you sure he was tired, wasn't tired and just needed a nap?
That could also be true. I don't know.
Okay, so my gaming week. I actually, I played a whole lot this past week.
Not just on Steam, obviously I played some Super Slam Dunk Touchdown.
I played another game, and I want to have these guys on the show when their game is a little closer to full release.
The game is called Black Ice, and it was kind of like Tron meets Diablo.
And I was like, I am into both of those things. Tell me more about your game.
And I liked that one a lot, so I was playing that on Steam.
And actually, you know who's been playing that even more than me is Alan.
Alan's really into that, so we'll talk about that game a little later on.
I'm hoping to have them on the show.
But then I got home and I played some other stuff.
I want to talk quickly about a game I talked about two weeks ago.
Two weeks ago on the show I talked about Xenoblade Chronicles X.
And although I don't think I was too negative on the game, I did give some feedback that was a little bit like, this really bothers me.
And I did spend some more time with the game to see if I could get over some of that stuff.
And for the most part, yeah, I think I did get over a little bit of a hump that I think kind of happens in the story, kind of between Chapter 3 and 4.
And I was able to progress a little more in the story, and I feel a little better about where I'm headed in the game now.
It still doesn't completely change the fact that I do think there's a big disconnect between the manual is there, so you have to read the manual on the Wii U gamepad.
But the game has some tutorials in it, but if you're not able to read the manual as well...
I don't know, there's some kind of disconnect there in how the game really paces itself in the beginning.
And that still kind of bothers me and I think will turn some people off.
But if you can stick with it and get over that hurdle, I mean, the game is really good looking, there's a lot of great music in the game.
The battle system is fun, even if people never shut up, they keep yelling at each other, but I kind of like that ambience.
It's a little different than other RPG games I played.
So I am enjoying myself with Xenoblade Chronicles X, and I thought that was an important little follow-up point.
So even though I do think the game has its flaws, and I know there's going to be Nintendo defenders and Xenoblade defenders that are going to say I'm wrong, and that's fine.
But I really do think that there's some roadblocks in that game that prevent it from being a great game.
Because at the end of the day, I still think a lot of the voice acting and the scripting is very...
It's a little generic, a little blah.
I hear the story gets better and better, but I'm not going to be totally convinced.
I don't think that it was written for a reading game and it's being acted and not very well.
But outside of that, I mean, what RPG games on the Wii U are there?
There's not a lot, a lot, a lot of games. There's a few, but not a lot.
And Xenoblade is really good, and if you are a Wii U owner, I think it is worth having if you're into JRPGs at all.
Just be warned, you got to read through that manual, and you might hit these parts where you're like,
am I even on the right fucking path? If you feel like that, just try something else and you'll get there.
Also on the Wii U this week, I played a game that was released on the eShop that I'm kind of surprised I didn't play sooner,
the day it came out, but it's called Fast Racing Neo.
And this is the game that a lot of people are saying,
well, this is what happens when Nintendo doesn't put out F-Zero, is that the indie studio made their own version of F-Zero.
And so I checked out the game, and I got to say, it's pretty sweet.
It's more Wipeout than F-Zero to me.
Yeah, that's what it looked like to me, more Wipeout.
But that's not a bad thing at all. It's fast, and it's racing.
So in fact, it's so fast that when I was playing, and it's really smooth, like it does run at that 60 frames a second,
I did notice when I was going really fast on some complex tracks that the track kind of popped in in the distance.
You kind of see the pop in.
But that was extremely infrequent, all things considered.
But I think that's how they made it happen at 60 frames a second.
But I got to say, it was so fast and so smooth that even I was getting a little bit of that, whoa, I got to stop.
I'm almost getting a little queasy playing this on my big TV.
It's almost a bit much.
But they kind of put an interesting twist on the formula where there's almost like an Ikaruga thing where you have to flip the color of your engine to match the color of the boosters if you want to boost.
There's orange boost and blue boost, and you have to flip the colors back and forth to match the boost in order to actually go faster.
And I thought that kind of put a neat little spin on it.
So I think the music's good.
I think the tracks are pretty varied for an indie game, and at least the beginning ones I've played are pretty well designed.
However, it's pretty difficult.
It's not exactly like the first time I played.
The lowest difficulty is not a gimme.
Like, you play Mario Kart on 50cc, you're going to win.
No problem, right?
Unless you're maybe like a kid or like, you know, a gamer who really doesn't play very often.
Like, you're going to win 50cc Mario Kart.
You're not going to win Fast Racing Neo your first time through.
If you do, props to you.
You're really good.
But that's okay.
I'm okay with the game.
I'm not like saying, oh, it's too hard.
It just took me by surprise a little bit, so I'm going to warn you all out there.
It is a more difficult game.
But the second time I played through, I did place first in the circuit, and I was able to move on.
So I'm totally okay with a game kind of requiring a little bit of effort for progression.
The only thing that kind of bothers me about the game,
I don't like the default controls, is that, like, you know, they do the little ZL and ZR are kind of like the super left turner.
Like, they drift your car left and right like it didn't have zero.
But then the R button is the boost.
And the L button flips between the orange and blue, but you can also use X to do that.
And it's like my fingers on the L and R's are never hitting the right button.
And so suddenly I'll boost when I think I'm going to be drifting to the right.
Or worse yet, I'll drift to the right when I think I'm going to boost.
And like I'm having a hard time kind of like training my fingers to do that.
And I didn't see a way to remap those buttons at all.
I could have missed it, but I really wish it would let me remap some of that to a configuration that works for me.
I did notice the menu system in the game is really basic.
A lot of the shell around the game itself is really basic.
But that's, I mean, that's okay.
I mean, you know, the important part is, is it a fast racing game?
And yes, it is. But I just, you know, it doesn't, it doesn't have that polish you would expect out of an F-Zero game, right?
Like F-Zero GX was extremely polished from start to finish.
And most Nintendo games are, right?
This one's a little rough in the edges, but when you're actually racing, it's a lot of fun.
And I'll give it that.
So, look in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Dark Ted Sousa says, I saw some video of fast racing Neo.
Yeah, I did get sort of a wipeout vibe from it, but it still looked blazing fast.
It definitely seems to have a little bit of an F-Zero vibe to it, too.
There's still definitely a F-Zero vibe to it.
Like, I swear to God, one of the opponent's names, it's not Captain Falcon, but it's like Fapton Calkin or something.
Like, it's really similar.
It's kind of surprising.
Like General Hawk.
Wait, that's actually, I think, G.I. Joe.
So.
Anyway.
And I got to give this important update.
Shane actually joined the chat room and said, what terrible lie was said?
And so the chatters basically filled him in on what I'd been saying.
And Shane said, yeah, it's hell trying to hunt for both Amiibo and Power Rangers toys.
So I had to pick one.
So.
But what about my needs?
What about the Amiibo I need?
See, Shane was always, like he was keeping me in the loop on the Amiibo.
Shane was my dealer.
I know Shane was my dealer.
And now he's just, you can't just quit.
Alright.
So anyway.
There you go.
That was pretty much my gaming week.
I think that's all I really have to say for my gaming week was those games.
Housekeeping, and then we'll get into news tonight.
Just for housekeeping real quick, I know we've missed a lot of shows recently.
The good news is, no more missed shows unless something really bad happens.
We will be here weekly, at least through the end of February.
But I will be gone for a Sunday in the end of February.
Maybe we can tape in advance that week.
Because I'll only be gone like Thursday, Friday, so maybe we can tape on a Wednesday or something.
This is way out in February, so we don't have to worry about it now.
I'm going to Disneyland next month.
Are you really?
Yeah.
Lucky.
I told you.
Oh yeah, that's right, because you're going to the farewell before they bulldoze.
I'm going to meet.
Yeah, before they bulldoze a lot of the frontier stuff for Star Wars Land.
And I wouldn't have even known about that actually being the weekend if not for Victoria,
so I'm going to be like, I'll be there.
Yeah.
It's going to be interesting.
Because I deserve it.
You do deserve it.
I'm kind of jealous you're going to Disneyland, but that's okay because a month later,
I won't be here at the end of February, so we won't be live at the end of February.
This is a ways off.
I'm going to MAGFest.
I booked my flight.
I know I've talked about it on the show for some time, but I'm officially 100% going.
I booked my flight.
I'm staying with some podcasting buddies.
And I'm going to be spending Thursday through Monday out in the D.C. area.
It's not technically in D.C., but it's the D.C. area.
I'm flying into the Rainier Airport.
You'll have a good time.
I'm very excited about it because I had a good time at Rockage out here on the West Coast.
And Gabe, who is from the Sac-I-GDA, he works with MAGFest because he's from Jersey.
So I've got to talk to him and see what his plans are.
Yeah, it's going to be my first MAGFest.
I'm really excited about it.
So I hope to see you guys there.
VOG, OLR, we're not doing anything in official capacity.
I kind of signed up too late.
I forgot the panel submissions were going to close.
I kind of forgot to get on that bandwagon.
So we're not really doing anything in an official capacity, but I will be there.
And if you're there, we'll plan an unofficial meetup somewhere.
Meet me by the Tron machine at 3 p.m. or something.
We'll figure something out.
We'll tweet on our Twitter account, at OLR.
All right, that's all I can think of for housekeeping.
Otherwise, follow us on Twitter, twitter.com slash OLR.
We're also on Facebook, facebook.com slash OrangeLoungeRadio.
And Google, google.com slash plus OrangeLoungeRadio.
Let's get into what happened this week in gaming news, starting with Loki.
There was a lot for late December, can I just say.
There was a lot of news this week.
It was crazy.
So let's get to it.
So apparently Hideo Kojima came off of his vacation.
And wasted no time to make the announcement that Kojima Productions is going to be coming back.
And they're going to be partnering with Sony for the first title.
So that's pretty amazing, actually.
Like literally right after signing the deal for that.
And it's going to be like a new franchise or a new IP.
It's not going to be based off of Metal Gear or Silent Hill.
But it should be something great.
And apparently as part of that, I think Sony is going to be fronting some money to help kick start that company.
So that's kind of cool.
Now that they've gone indie though, of course, what's going to happen to Metal Gear?
Well, apparently Konami is looking for staff for a new Metal Gear game.
Now there's been this post scene I guess that they have seeking people experienced that want to sign up to make a new game.
Although it could be, I think this was left over, it might have been from Phantom Pains.
But I mean it's still up and so they're still seeking staff for a new Metal Gear title.
So I don't know.
You have to wonder if they aren't just going to take the Metal Gear IP and do something kind of different with it.
Like a pachinko machine.
No, maybe experimenting with the online stuff or I don't know.
I don't know.
I mean like I'm surprised if they are actually still considering doing console games for this.
I mean after all the bridges that they burned I'm just surprised that they're like,
Hey, we're going to come back.
They didn't just burn the bridges, they detonated them.
Like is anyone going to give a shit that they came back?
It's like, you know, unless there's something really cool to show, I mean I just think no one's going to give a shit.
Yeah, Konami's going to have to work real hard to get me to give a shit about whatever's in store for Metal Gear.
So that being said, let's talk about Kojima and the Sony thing.
So what do y'all think?
I think it's exciting. I can't wait to see what he's got.
It's a very logical pairing, especially after the very good reception of P.T.
But can we talk about how bad I want P.T. to be the thing that he's working on with Sony?
It could be. Maybe he's going to work on something that's not Silent Hills but is Silent Hills.
But like a scary...
And yeah, I realize he can't even really use P.T. because technically Konami paid for that development.
So any of the characters, any of the stuff he did...
But there wasn't really anything in it, I mean...
Yeah, but I don't know. So he can't actually make P.T., but he can make something that's inspired-ish, you know what I mean?
I guess I just want Kojima to make a scary game, and I kind of want Guillermo del Toro to be involved as well.
So, I mean, yes, he can't make Silent Hills, duh. That's done. But I would be very interested in whatever it is he's making.
He's making, yeah, a new franchise.
Silent Hill hasn't really been with Silent Hill for a long time anyway, so...
I'm kind of okay with that being done with a new franchise. We'll love it just as much.
Interesting theory from our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com.
ActDeft says, I'm calling it, Kojima will make a Playstation VR game.
Could that be what they are going to put him on?
Make it, oh god, can you imagine a scary game in VR?
I might shit my pants for real, good lord.
I don't know, DartSakura? What do you think of all this?
I hope not.
I hope not. I mean, honestly, I hate speculating on stuff like that because, first of all, we knew he was going to be getting right back into thing after, you know, his contract date was up.
Because I knew it wasn't a vacation, it was a separation, a complete separation.
And having him pairing up with Sony, like, right away.
Oh, Sony took him out on a nice date.
Sony played some romance, Sony played some Adele, to some candlelit music, and steak, and Sony sexed him somehow.
This wasn't a love hotel, this was a full on host date.
It was fucking like, hey, hey, listen.
This was Kojima breaking up and going right onto the hookup app to find the next best thing.
And Sony's like, me, me, me, me, me.
Listen, I know your pimp was treating you bad before, but come on.
Well, I'll buy you nice things, you know, you can make whatever you want.
You got freedom.
Alan Alchemy in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, Sony and Kojima's date was like that Instagram series.
He got money.
Have you ever seen that? It's funny.
At any rate, the only thing I can expect is great things.
So when's Konami going to announce that he's actually left the company? Is he still going to be on vacation?
Is it going to be a weekend at Bernie's situation where it's like, no, he's still working.
See, look, look at all the work he's doing. He's right there.
I kind of think when your ex-husband announces they just got married, that kind of insinuates that there was a divorce that happened at some point.
I don't think Konami needs to make a statement.
I think at this point for Konami to make a statement is just for the Internet's amusement, which Konami is probably not amused that the rest of us are amused, but they really only have themselves to blame at how they've conducted themselves.
Like I said, Konami is a PR nightmare right now. I would hate to be in their PR department and none of them had anything to do with it.
And Lord knows, they're probably yelling.
What needs to happen at Konami, the CEO needs to be dethroned.
This is such a fucking mess at this point. The CEO needs to be switched and that's the only way.
This is like when Microsoft needed to lose their CEO.
Honestly, for everything that Microsoft went through last year or two years ago, it's nothing compared to what Konami is going through.
And Don Mattrick lost his job over it.
I mean, they'll say it was parted on mutual terms.
He lost his job over it.
Going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
AlanAlchemy, Sony, what do you want to watch?
I got Hulu, Netflix, HBO Go, Amazon Prime, Kojima, LOL, whose password do you have?
Sony, I pay for it all, Kojima.
He got money!
SSG100Matt says, we'll see if people flip off Konami with their wallet when the new Metal Gear Solid game comes out.
I certainly hope they do.
Well, you know, how would you feel?
Now, I'm going to be like the most ultimate tinfoil hat right now, but just humor me for a minute here.
Let's say I get my wish and the management is shaken up severely at Konami.
Severe management shakeup.
And Konami decides to bring in an outside person that's worked on another big game series to do Metal Gear.
Would you have faith at that point?
Would you be willing to forgive Konami if Konami basically fired the people that needed to be fired and put in some fresh blood from other places?
Would you give Metal Gear Solid a chance at that point?
No, because they aren't bringing out a new Dance Dance Revolution game.
Oh, come on.
I just don't care.
Whatmeme says, those people working on new Metal Gear had nothing to do with the nasty split. Don't punish them.
Shane in our chat says, how can Konami fire itself?
But this stuff happens all the time. Shareholders revolt and demand to the board that it changes.
Well, let's put it this way. Let's just see how their Patinko business works.
I hope it's as good as they think it is.
That's all I'm saying.
It's just like betting everything on mobile. I really hope that you don't think that you're going to have the next Angry Birds.
Because I'm sorry, whatever game you put out on there is probably not going to be that big.
But they might have Metal Gear tap puzzle surprise thing. I don't know. Who knows?
It'll be terrible.
Chibi Metal Gear, where you drag Solid Snake in a cardboard box through mazes of whimsical obstacles.
It's Metal Gear Solid Racing!
It's just Snake in a cardboard box.
Exactly. It's like a cardboard box derby car.
It's like that Boy Scouts event where people build their little cars.
Soap box derby.
That's it.
Metal Gear Solid soap box derby.
Sg100Matt, I'll leave it on this. Sg100Matt in chat says,
I want them to come out on stage, bow their heads, and say,
Hey, we were dicks. Sorry, but we'll change.
Well, I don't know about that.
Still won't care.
Yeah, we'll see.
Hey, let's move on though to some other news that happened this past week.
Including your Xbox One got enriched with more backwards compatibility.
Microsoft making good on their word to add more backwards compatibility each month
for the second month in a row.
So hopefully this trend will continue into January and February.
But some new games available on the Xbox One are
Xbox 360 titles like Braid, Deus Ex Human Revolution, Fable 3, Halo Reach,
Hydro Thunder, that's I think a favorite of Dark Soccer's,
Ms. Pac-Man, Pagle, Portal Still Alive, that was the standalone Portal thing on 360,
Splunky, Splosion Man, and Doritos Crash Course.
For those of you that were fans of Doritos and their saturation of the gaming market.
But yeah, all those games are available now on the Xbox One.
So that's pretty cool.
By the way, Hydro Thunder is really Dan's thing.
Oh, I thought you were into that too.
I mean, I was for a hot minute, but Dan was like,
he'll still like when he finds a Hydro Thunder machine, he'll be like,
Tidal Blade! Damn the torpedoes!
What was the game that was like the spiritual successor?
H2 Overdrive.
That's it, H2 Overdrive.
He likes that one too.
That game's fun too.
Yeah.
Anyway, all right, so yeah, turn on your Xbox One and check your games library
because you never know what you might have bought on 360.
I think that Doritos game was free, so I think a lot of people have that.
But yeah, I logged in.
I was like, oh, hey, I've got like five new games available.
I didn't even realize I bought all this shit.
I knew it would pay off someday.
That's me looking at my Steam library.
Right.
Anyhow.
So here's a little bit of interesting speculation is that
there's been this ongoing question, is Rare Replay coming to Wii U?
We finally have an answer.
At least Microsoft hasn't said like a definite no.
They just said that they hadn't had any information.
But Rare spoke up and said it is exclusive to Xbox One.
We have the answer.
Now people can shut up.
That is, I mean, I don't know.
It seems a little bit obvious to me that that would be the case,
that it's exclusive to Xbox.
But maybe people were hoping that a Nintendo release on Wii U
would then maybe sub out some of the 360 titles for stuff like
Donkey Kong Country.
I'm assuming that was the fan wank that started all that.
They'd like to think so.
But I mean, a good number, though, of those games were on Nintendo consoles before.
That's some of the coolest stuff in the pack, like playing Cobra Triangle again.
It was half like this is awesome and half actually it's not that awesome.
It was just more awesome when I was a kid.
But now it's like, sorry, Nintendo players who want to recapture those nostalgia,
time to bust out your carts and blow out some dust.
That's how you're going to get it on a Nintendo system.
But I understand Microsoft kind of wanting to keep those Xbox One exclusives
where they can.
But at the same time, again, Microsoft working with Nintendo products,
not unheard of.
I mean, obviously, Minecraft this week, right?
That's a Microsoft thing now.
And then Viva Pinata was on the 3DS.
So Microsoft will do it if, you know.
Microsoft will play nice with the other team.
Sure.
I mean, we've got Office on Mac.
I mean, why not?
Yeah.
I mean, the question is, can they make money?
Yes.
And that's all that matters is the money.
He got money.
Yes.
Capitalistic paradise here, huh?
There's Brad in our chat room.
MS got money.
Oh, my ticket is getting all wrinkled.
What?
My ticket.
Oh, your movie ticket?
Are you one of those people who saves movie tickets?
I have movie tickets for years.
When I moved out here, I had a bundle of movie tickets from, like, 1989.
I don't.
And I moved out here in 98.
Wow.
No, I don't save movie tickets.
I do.
Because memories.
And they go like, haha, sat through that.
I knew a person that saved, tangent time, but sorry about it.
I knew a person that saved every ticket from when they saw the Rocky Horror Picture Show.
That's cool.
And they had, like, a binder of, like, 150 tickets from just week after week after week
of seeing Rocky Horror.
That's cool.
Yeah.
I did think that was kind of cool, but I was like, dang, like.
So you got a binder full of printed paper, but memories.
Binder full of women.
Yes, binders full of women.
Binder full of transsexual Transylvanians.
Who knew that that four-year-old joke would work well on the show tonight?
Let's travel around the world and check our binders full of release dates.
How about binders full of sluts and assholes?
I don't think you're going to find those in the release dates.
In fact, I think those binders are going to be pretty empty this week leading into Christmas,
but let's ask, are there any releases coming out in the U.S. this week?
Loki.
Yeah, there's a Tales of Legend game that's coming out on PlayStation 3 and the Vita.
And that's it?
Yeah. I mean, it's the week of Christmas, so.
Yeah.
Yeah. And that's it.
You get only one Exceed RPG this week, and that's it.
If your game's not out by now, it's not for the holiday season, I guess.
On the PlayStation 4 in Japan this week.
Now, Christmas is a little different in Japan.
You can get a cake, but it's not really quite the same thing it is here.
I want a Christmas cake. I just want cake.
You know, we usually try to find the restaurant on Christmas.
We'll do our little.
Yeah, we haven't decided what to do this year.
We'll have to figure that out, but maybe we should have cake.
But you know what the crappy thing is?
What?
I have to work the next day, so I can't stay out late.
Aww.
So.
We have to get creative, because we are doing our thing with Alan's family, so I don't know.
Why don't we do this? How about Sunday before the show instead?
Maybe.
We'll do Gay Jumis on Sunday.
Will there be cake?
We can have cake.
Right. It better not be a lie.
Or, and places will be open.
That's true.
So, we can just put it off.
We could do cheesecake.
We could do cheesecake.
Last year we got cheated out of our holiday.
You know I love cheesecake.
Why don't we do Cheesecake Factory?
I even will play Five Nights at Freddy's for cheesecake.
Let's do Cheesecake Factory for Gay Jumis.
Alright, that works.
Okay.
Alright.
Wattmeme in chat says, there were some digital releases this week.
Just curious, why does no LR announce digital releases?
That's a good question.
It's too hard to keep track of all those.
We sometimes will pick that up too in the rapid fire news.
We try to sort of, I think for some reason Dark Soccer's has the digital mixed in when she does the UK.
But otherwise, Loki and I look at retail stuff so it's a little tricky sometimes.
It's too hard to remember everything that's coming out anyways.
I basically, I'll go ahead and just say, I basically use Eurogamer as my source and they mix in the UK stuff.
I mean until someone can buy me a better UK release thing because game hasn't been super reliable.
Right.
Okay.
Well, let's go to Japan and check out some releases over in Japan.
On the PlayStation 4, Assault Suit Lanos is out this week on December the 23rd.
God Eater Offshot Twin Pack Volume 3 is also coming out on the PlayStation 4 this week.
Going to the PlayStation 3, TV Anime Idolmaster Cinderella G4U Pack Volume 7.
Your guess is as good as mine as to what the fuck that is.
It's an Idolmaster expansion pack of some sort.
This is definitely the week to put something like that out.
Volume 7.
If you can believe it. Good lord.
On the Wii U this week, there is a new game.
Geni Ibunroku £FE is out this week.
And I think that's actually, the emphasis is on FE in the title.
So I think this must be based on some, oh is it Fire Emblem?
Is this the Fire Emblem crossover game?
That must be what this is.
I think this is the Fire Emblem crossover game.
That they've been waiting for is finally out on the Wii U this week.
You know Rob.
Why didn't they just call it Fire Emblem? Then I know what it is.
You know what Rob?
It could be that given this is so modern, that could be hashtag FE.
Yeah, maybe that's what it looks like at first is hashtag FE.
But I'm like, eh, I think so.
Unless they really like iron.
Yeah.
You know, because FE, Varus, iron.
Well I'm sure some people will be importing that one on the Wii U
because I know Fire Emblem has their fans.
Going to the PlayStation Vita, Getsui no Kusaro,
Sakuran Paranoia comes out this week,
as well as Mobile Suit Gundam, Extreme vs. Force,
and Storm Lover V comes out on the Vita in Japan this week
because Vita in Japan is still a thing.
And on the Nintendo 3DS this week, I think this is kind of awesome,
Sega 3D Fukoku Archives 1 and 2 Double Pack.
This is a collection of all those Sega 3D games they've released,
at least in Japan.
Get this, Power Drift, Space Harrier, Sonic, Fantasy Zone, Outrun,
Fantasy Zone 2, Bare Knuckle, Galaxy Force 2, Shinobi,
Echo the Dolphin, Thunder Blade.
I mean, that's not even all of them.
So that's a heck of a collection.
That actually reminds me of something that I learned over the week
because it's another game I forgot to mention.
Fantasy Zone for PC Engine is kind of crappy.
At least the music is.
Aw, sorry to hear that. Sorry to hear that.
Let's see, Gameguru clarifying the title there.
It is, of course, Shin Megami Tensei Crossfire Emblem.
That's right, that's what they're calling it here.
And Gameguru says the pound is supposed to be a musical sharp symbol.
So it's sharp-F-E.
I knew that that's what it meant in music,
but the last time I think I've heard something like that
in regards to a video game was...
What was the role-playing game that had all the music...
Internal Sonata.
Internal Sonata, that was it.
That's a really underrated game, I think.
History needs to remember that game a little better.
That was a really good RPG.
There's so much musical innuendo in that game.
Yeah, it fell a little flat, didn't it?
Well, that's going to do it for tonight's Orange Lounge Radio.
Dark Sakura will be sacked after tonight's episode.
I'd like to apologize to all the listeners
that had to deal with that punishment just then.
Am I in trouble?
You are in big trouble.
You just got moved to Santa's naughty list.
Alright, let's go to the UK release dates.
I'll just play myself a little sad song on my piano.
It's not really my forte, though.
I hate her so much, you guys.
Allow me to break out a little more fortissimo
and I'll do my part now.
I've been here for seven years.
The medication doesn't work.
I know, it fell on its base.
Shut up and read the release dates.
Gee, Rob.
That was also a music joke, too.
The chatters are yelling, stop.
She must be stopped.
Well, better a stop than a repeat, right?
We could just do that.
Read release dates.
I will end you.
There's one.
One.
In my magnum opus of puns.
December 30th is story of seasons for 3DS.
Finny.
Just a couple more quick stories for you guys
and we're going to get to the classic game of the week.
Loki.
Another Smash Direct this week.
Isn't this the last one they're doing?
Last one ever.
The way they end it with, of course,
adding Bayonetta.
Bayonetta is going to be joining the Smash Bros. roster in the game.
Allow me to join what?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
And allow me to join what Twitter said
in response to this this week.
Yes!
Because that was basically my entire
Twitter feed during that conference.
It was just one great, big
yes!
I'm super happy they put her original outfit.
I'm sure you're looking forward to the eventual amiibo that will be coming out.
Oh, yeah. The Bayonetta amiibo is almost better news
than Bayonetta being in the game, to be honest.
But yeah, I'm with Dark Soccer.
I like the fact that they have both the Bayonetta 1 and 2 outfits in it.
I want, though,
the amiibo to be the original Bayonetta
as well, because I really do not like
her second game look.
We'll see.
I would pick up the game if it was discounted,
but it's not.
Also, they're adding
Corrin from Fire Emblem as well.
And so that's going to be, they have
like, how many people from Fire Emblem
now in this game? I mean, seriously.
I don't even know her.
I've never played Fire Emblem.
There were a lot of people that were like,
really? More Fire Emblem?
But at the same time, I'm kind of like,
I'm of two mindsets. I mean, there's a part
of me that's like, okay, yeah, maybe I would have
liked to see somebody a little more well-known,
but at the same time, if Corrin
is a solid character that they believe
in, I mean, shouldn't she be allowed a chance
to shine? It is a fighting game.
It makes sense that you have sword wielders
in it. And there's a shit ton
of Pokemon and Mario characters, so
what's another Fire Emblem character, especially
with Japan? But they've got like
six. Cloud,
Final Fantasy, Bayonetta,
like, they couldn't
have said, instead of, okay, let's put a, like,
the 15th Fire Emblem character in there.
They could have, like, said, how about we do
whatever? It seems like 15.
Um, they could have
just like, hey, let's put, like, Birdo
in there or something, or say, hey, how about a
character from fucking Super Mario Brothers 2?
Anybody.
At this point, I'm wondering why they don't do a Fire Emblem
fighting game. The chatroom is correcting
me on something. Corrin, like several
of the other Fire Emblem characters, can be
either male or female. I'm using
female pronouns, because that's how it was presented
in the video, if I'm not mistaken. So,
that's what kind of associ- I know it's both. Yes, I know
that's what I'm saying. It's both. No, no, no. In the video that I saw,
um, Corrin started off male and was kept
being referred to as Big Brother, Big Brother, Big Brother.
Oh. Now Big Brother's
Big Sister, and that's even better!
I laughed so much.
So, just, just so y'all
can stop writing the emails. I, uh, they,
it was the same thing that Robin does, where you can be
boy or girl. That's cool, but, once again,
you know, I'd rather, like,
some more obscure characters.
Hey, let's put Captain Rainbow in there, or
fucking, like, you know,
anybody from Super Mario Brothers 2.
Here's the thing. If that had
been the note they ended on, then I think
a lot of us would be like, oh,
okay, cool.
But, the fact that they said, okay, here's
Corrin, and then here's fucking Bayonetta,
like, it's like, oh, okay, cool, cool.
Yeah, I'm in, I'm in. Like, you know,
Corrin's just kind of like, oh, it's just like a little bit,
it's a cherry on top, but Bayonetta, hmm.
That's gonna be a lot of fun.
Bayonetta is luscious.
No, I can't freaking wait.
I didn't download Cloud yet, though. I was,
I was so busy playing Xenoblade
and even Mario Maker, I didn't even talk about it during my gaming week,
but I was catching up on all the Mario Maker
event stages, because I have to get all those
new costumes, right? Like the badge arcade bunny
and all that stuff. I'm sure, I think we'll talk about that later.
I haven't gotten that one yet. They only had a few,
I didn't have that latest update when I checked
it last, so I only got the car
and,
I forget, I don't,
I got the cat thing from
Monster Hunter and
I'm almost positive
you have a story on it after the break, so it'll probably jog
your memory. No, no, I saw that.
I'm just saying, I didn't play those levels,
the new ones, so I must have
done it before they put those up.
But,
yeah, you know, the developers,
they made a solid game. If Corrin is the
character they believe in and want to have in the game, they
are more than welcome to do it. Cool.
I want there to be a
Pokemon game that plays like Smash.
Uh, Pokken, well, it doesn't
really play like Smash, I guess, but you kind of
have a fighting Pokemon game coming at
Pokken Tournament.
Maybe not what you had in mind.
Also, Mii costumes, right?
Because I know some people are getting excited about
some of those. They're going to have the Mii costumes
they had, um,
I was kind of disappointed that they didn't put any
Mario RPG stuff like actual characters,
but they have got, um, I want to say the
Geno costume. Yeah. Um, they
had also, you know, stuff from
you could do, uh,
was it a chocobo?
And then they also had, like, uh, the Sonic
characters, like Knuckles, Tails,
um,
so that looked pretty cool. And then they have the Mii
costumes now. Bionic armor
from Brawler, or for the Brawler,
let's see, um, Gil from
the Tower of Druaga.
And, let's
see, Ashley from WarioWare, right?
Ashley from WarioWare.
And, uh, Takamura from
Nazo, no,
I don't even know what the fuck the series was.
I'm not even going to bother. Sorry, you tried.
But Geno, though, seriously, Geno would have been awesome.
Yeah, I gotta say, I think the one thing
I was seeing about the
Corrin thing is that people were like,
couldn't we have gotten Geno instead of Corrin?
Do you remember Nazo, what do you mean, Nazo no
Yeah, I don't know what that is.
It means it's a mysterious girlfriend.
Wow, that cleared it up.
Well,
look, uh, um,
here's, here's the other thing, you
kind of talk about Super Mario RPG.
Uh, a couple years ago, I would have said
no way, no how, you're never getting a sequel to that game.
Square and Nintendo are not going to be back in bed together.
But, now that we've got
Cloud for Smash Brothers,
Geno shows up as a costume,
rumors gaining steam that
Square is somehow heavily involved with NX.
Y'all,
I'm just saying, could you imagine,
could you, tinfoil hat time.
This is Rob's dream.
E3 2016.
Nintendo NX.
It's fucking coming.
Reggie Fils-Aime is out on stage,
he punches a kid in the face, he's like,
this is going to be so fucking rad.
And then, he says, and guess what title
we're launching with?
Mario RPG 2.
I mean,
there's, there's not
enough Kleenex in the world
to scoop up all the you know what
that would be out there if that were
to be the big announcement at
NX. I'm just saying.
You know, that sounds like a great idea.
In my head, it's fabulous.
It's fabulous, and then they're like, and here's
the controller. Oh, it's a fucking mobile
touch screen with no fucking buttons!
Because we don't fucking get it.
And then we'd be like,
damn you! No!
I am not purchasing that.
So, Nintendo,
so in your dream, Loki. No, seriously,
like, I watched, like,
just on a TV show, like, I'm having this
dream, and I'm so pleasantly asleep,
and then Loki comes in and ruins my dream.
Well, no, it's like, you get the game
you've always wanted, and then they fuck it up!
They, yeah, because, well, seriously though,
I watched, like, I watched one of those Did You Know
Gaming things, and they were talking about the Wii U and stuff,
and, like, we've heard the story before
about, like, when they were talking about the online and everything,
and how, oh, hey, we've never,
we have no fucking experience with what the Playstation
Network and Xbox Live are, or how
to create an infrastructure, and just
boggles my mind that
with the launch of the Wii U, they
didn't fucking know anything about that
shit. And I mean, even now,
it's a little bit better, but that kind of
scares me, what we're going into with
NX. Like, you would think, okay, they
should really have a handle on how to run
the, you know, the structure of everything.
I mean, they just started doing DLC, what,
like, a year or two ago?
I mean, I'm just like,
I hope it's good. I hope
it's good, but I'm worried that they
don't get it, and it's
gonna be fucked up somehow.
Alright, sst200maddenchat says,
I dream of having Twitch stream of Loki's
live reaction of the NX announcement.
This is why they invented Periscope.
Are they announcing it this year? Because I'm seriously thinking about taking
off time for E3 this year.
I think 2016, I think
E3 will be the big announcement. I think
there's so much hype
going into this, I can't see how they don't
announce it at the next E3. We'll see.
Let's see, also
actdeft trying to sell
Dark Sakura on Pokken,
saying Pokken isn't like
Smash, but it's like Tekken.
And Dark Sakura loves Tekken.
So... I don't know if I'm feeling
it with, uh,
Pokken, though. Alright.
And Dark Tetsuya says, I just want a date and title
on Zelda games. Ah, Zelda U. Man,
who saw, um,
Akuma, um, in
the new Tekken? Oh, yeah.
Oh my god. I was like...
That was random. I know.
It's random, but it's like,
what the fuck did happen to Tekken
Cross Street Fighter? I mean, it's like, hey, you have
Street Fighter in there now. Maybe.
Where's the rest of it? Maybe that's it.
I just kind of gurgled a little bit.
You know what it is? It's fucking Tekken 7
with the Tekken Cross Street Fighter
DLC.
Be careful what you wish for.
That is, I don't know, I'm gonna
upgrade that from tinfoil hat to, like,
paper mache hat, because that is
a lot more realistic, I think, that
concept. Just saying.
Anyhow, uh, let's move
on. Let's talk about, uh,
one big thing that's been developing the past couple weeks
is Sony releasing more
PlayStation 2 games on the PlayStation 4.
Did you know that Parappa 2
came out in the week that, uh, we've been off?
No, it was just this past week, actually.
Parappa the Rapa 2 is now available on PlayStation 4.
That's kind of cool. Um, well, anyway,
uh, Sony's been doing a campaign on
Twitter where you can use the hashtag
PS2PS4.
Get it? Because PS2...
It's like the play on the number 2.
They're not putting PlayStation games on the PlayStation 4.
That doesn't make any sense.
Shut up.
Alright, anyway, so, uh, using that hashtag,
uh, they are, uh, Dave
Thatch with Sony is tracking
what the popular suggestions are to figure out
what games should be brought over
to the PS4 yet. Uh,
some of the games that, uh, have been noticed
have been, I guess, trending a little bit.
Tekken, SOCOM, Fatal
Frame, Timesplitters,
Simpsons Hit and Run, God Hand,
Persona 3, Dragon Quest,
and Kingdom Hearts. Now, Timesplitters
2 would be good. Let's please do
Timesplitters 2. I can't believe that Final Fantasy
12 would not be on
that list, because... Well, Final Fantasy 12
already got an HD remake that's already,
well, no, actually it didn't. I was like, it did,
because I've been asleep there, because I don't think it has.
Are they doing that? Uh, no.
Everything's been quiet on Final Fantasy 12.
Um, the game I want,
most of all, Katamari Damacy.
We just talked about it. It was a classic game of the week
a couple weeks ago. You know what I want? That's the one I want.
I want the games that I fucking purchased
already to be fucking available, is what
I want. I want that shit to fucking
just work without having me buy that
shit again.
Oh, Loki, you're asking for
too much. Apparently.
Alright, let's go to the classic game
of the week. We're gonna take a walk down
memory lane to a time...
The games did not have DLC.
There was not a separate DLC
adventure. There was no patch.
It was just, this is the game you get.
Take it or leave it.
In fact, this is the game that our system comes
with, right, Darsakra?
Sort of. Not necessarily.
Not at the beginning. Alright.
Let's get to it. What is the classic game of the week,
Darsakra? The classic game of the week is
Bonk's Adventure. Yay.
It was run by Red
Company and Atlas.
It came out in 1989 in Japan
and 1990 in North America
for the TurboGrafx-16.
Now, as we all know,
the TurboGrafx-16 in Japan was
called the PC Engine.
When this game came out in Japan, it was
called PC Genjin
because it sounded like
PC Engine, sort of.
And it has come out,
it was re-released
in the US in 1992 on
the Gates of Thunder 4
in one game CD-ROM,
and actually another
pretty good
TurboGrafx game.
It had ports for the NES, Game Boy,
and Amiga and different
other systems under some different
titles like FC Genjin,
GB Genjin, and VC Genjin.
And it was
out on Virtual Console and
on PlayStation Store.
There's even a mobile version in Japan
for phones.
Basically, your main character is Bonk,
who has a very, very big head.
And unbelievably,
his head's bigger
than the orange on a toothpick kid's head
from So I Married an Axe Murderer.
That's pretty big.
So he's a bald cave boy
who basically
fights dinosaurs and other different
prehistoric-type enemies
with his head.
His unbreakable, invincible
head. He basically has Luke Cage
for a head, except
without being that awesome.
So he has to rescue Princess Zaa,
who is a pink
playasaur-type
dinosaur lady, from King
to Jewel, who is a Tyrannosaurus
style. In the arcade
version, Bonk also has
a female version of himself
that you can play as.
So anyway, Bonk basically hits things
with his head.
Bonk's health, he starts off with
three hearts, and they can be
depleted as he takes damage,
and he has three extra lives.
But he can restore
his life by eating fruits and vegetables.
See what they did to their kids?
He can also get
pieces of meat as power-ups.
They give him different special abilities and make him stronger.
So he gets his normal self
for the first stage. The second stage,
he can stun enemies by pounding on the
ground. And the third stage, he becomes temporarily
invulnerable. He gets
his big meat and small meat.
So he's an equal meat eater.
So when the third stage of meat power
wears off, he goes back to the second
stage, and then he goes back to regular Bonk.
He also can get different
power-ups that will refill his health,
or a large red heart that
restores all of his health.
There's also blue heart power-ups that
will increase his heart health by
one heart.
So the game, I mean,
it...
The other thing about naming it PC Genjin
is that Genjin is also Japanese
for caveman. So...
It works in two different ways.
It's a fun pun, guys.
Um...
It was
meant to be called a From Right PC Kid.
Um...
But they never called it
the PC Engine in the US.
So, um,
and I doubt they could have called it, like,
Turbo Boy or something.
So they called it
Bonk's Adventure. Um...
The game has always been, um,
Bonk's Adventure here in the US.
Um, in 2003, Hudson did
a 3D remake of Bonk's Adventure
in the Hudson Selection games
that came out only in Japan on PlayStation 2
and GameCube.
Um, but yeah, Bonk
was basically, like, the big
character used to
advertise, um,
the TurboGrafx-16 in the US
around the mid-90s.
Um, and I do believe that
yeah, Bonk was used as a launch title
for a while, wasn't it?
I want to say it was,
because I think my buddy had a TurboGrafx-16
and I think he had this game
and I feel like he got them together.
And I don't know if that was just, you know, Santa brought them both, but...
I want to say that when the TurboGrafx
came out, it was Keith Courage
or, um...
Might have been Keith Courage, was actually the packing game.
But then this, I think it's like one of those things
kind of like Sega and Sonic.
Like, once Sonic really took off, they started packing that in.
Well, but keep in mind, I think that one of the
other big ones that kind of was used for
advertising was Air Zonk.
Remember? Yeah, yeah, I do.
Um, which, uh,
I mean, all really, you know, decent games.
Um, so Husband was
uh, Husband, why am I saying Husband?
Because Dam was playing this too.
Um, Hudson
um, was also working
on a reboot to
uh, call it Bonk, Brink of Extinction
for WiiWare and PSN,
but when, uh,
Hudson closed, uh,
it went into limbo, um...
And who bought Hudson,
boys and girls? Who bought Hudson?
Who's done nothing with this?
Konami! Correct!
I just
was, I couldn't even bring
myself to... Their name is forbidden from
my lips.
Unless it's old, old Konami.
Yes. Old Konami.
Sigh.
Um, so anyway, um,
it, uh,
was supposed to be getting
a Wii U Virtual Console release.
This was announced on October 19th
this year, but
no one
said anything?
But the rating
out there was supposed to, um, also
indicate, uh, PS3 and PSP.
So, that it was
uh, supposed to be the TurboGrafx version.
Which is the better version.
You know. But that's it.
Bonk's adventure. Here it is.
It is on the regular Wii Virtual Console.
I have it there. It is. Because the folks in chat are talking
about like, well, how do I play this game?
Somebody said, I didn't ever own a console that this was on.
But I'm pretty sure it's on the regular
Wii Virtual Console, which remember, you can boot
your Wii U into Wii mode to get that
game. I mean, it's kind of a pain, but you can do it.
I will tell you this. If you can get your hands on the
TurboGrafx, finding a copy
of Bonk is not difficult.
It's not a rare game.
Um, it's just, you know, the problem
is finding, as they called them in the U.S.
TurboChips, or the HuCards
for the PC Engine, um,
the
uh, um, you know, you can
get ROMs for some of
these things. Um, there is
I think a licensed, I think
it's a licensed emulator, don't quote me, but
Magic Engine, which has been out for
a while. Um, and it's
got like full arcade card support and everything
and will play HuCard
um, uh, TurboChip
games, any of them. You just like,
though for the, the Duo games,
you actually have to have the, the disc
to play. But you know,
which, as you have to say, we,
we got our Turbo EverDrive. And the one
thing that has actually kind of made me sad is
that we had heard a rumor
that it was going to let you do arcade
card stuff so that we can
play some of our arcade card, um,
Duo games. Like, um,
what is the one we have?
Uh, one of the Fatal Fury games I know we have for
uh,
the arcade card CD. And I think our other one is Strider.
Um, for PC
Engine, uh, uh,
arcade card games. And
it doesn't work for that. So if that's what you're
looking for, it's not going to work.
So we're kind of back to
trying to find a U.S.
compatible version of the arcade card
or the Duo add-on for
the core graphics. Gotcha.
Alright. Oh well. Well there
it is. Your classic game of the week
Bonks Adventure. A
very, very classic Turbo graphics
title or PC Engine, depending on what country
you are in. On that note, we are
going to take a quick break. Uh, take
a moment here to stretch and refill
our drinks here in the OLR studio. And
so forth. When we come back though, there's
plenty more Orange Laundry to come, including
rapid fire news.
The Fookle Question of the Week, which is about
sports ball, in honor of our guest
this week. And we're going to get to the mailbag,
the FUs of the Week, and
hopefully your calls, although with
the Skype rig tonight, I don't know
how well that's going to work. So we're going to try
though. All we come back with more
of Orange Lounge Radio right after
this.
Welcome
back everybody to Orange Lounge
Radio. Live tonight on December
20th of 2015, with
episode number 624
of our show already
in progress in the middle here
of the holiday season. Get into full gear.
I know a lot of folks celebrating
Christmas in the next week, so Merry Christmas
to those that celebrate. Um, next
week will be the last show of 2015
if you can believe it. And I'm sure
we'll be taking a look back on the year in gaming.
Maybe looking back at some of our favorites
of the year and some things that weren't
so great in the past year. We will be running
over all of that next week on episode
625. A nice kind of
round number. A multiple
of 25, I suppose, to end the
year on. So that'll all be next week
on the show. But let's get back into the news from
this week with some rapid fire
news. Loki. Hey, there's
a new game from the people that made
Flappy Bird. It's called
Swingcopters 2. The people?
The person. Whatever. The one
dude. The people that play the game.
Who did not like being famous. That made it popular to
get him to make another one.
People. Anyways, so
um, Don Nguyen, he
went ahead and made a new game. It was a sequel to
one of his previous games, Swingcopters.
And now it's out and you can play
it. Yay. It's free still
and ad supported. Yeah.
Alright. And this
is like, seriously,
I'm surprised I'm actually seeing
his company name. And
I guess not surprised that it's coming to the
Wii U. But apparently Napster,
that's right, the previous
file sharing
music site that turned
legit is now
going to be coming to the Wii U as
a free app on December 17th.
And it also has
a 30 day trial.
And then you can, I
guess there's different promotions. If you want
to subscribe for three months, you can get
pay a dollar. Otherwise
it's $9.99 a month.
No thanks.
But I'll be coming to the Wii U
if you want to check that out.
And last but not least,
Mario Maker is getting some updates.
So there's going to be some
three elements added in a new
free update. These include
being able to
have an alternate for the
spike wheel. And so instead of the grinder,
you can actually turn it into a
bumper. It kind of looks like a donut
or like an inflatable inner tube
or something. Like a pinball bumper type of thing.
Yeah, basically something that you bump off of.
Also they've got
doors that are activated, warp doors
that are activated by a P-switch. And you
can do that by shaking the door.
Oh, like ghost houses. I didn't realize
that was missing. I guess that's...
I was just going to say, I can't wait for that
level that's nothing but like Mario
getting bumped around from start to finish.
That's just going to be like the bounce house
or something. Bump, bump, bump, bump, bump.
Because you know that level's coming.
And then the Koopa Clown Car is getting a
version that shoots fire. And you can
shoot like fireballs and then I guess
you can charge shot and destroy
blocks with it or something. Cool! More fire!
Yes, so that'll be coming
December 22nd.
And also with that, they're
going to have a bookmark system that allows
players to save levels from the web
portal for later.
That's kind of cool. Still don't know why
they have a web portal to find levels
instead of it having been built into the
game like Little Big Planet. Once again,
I just don't think they get it. I guess they're trying
to work around it with what they got, but yeah
I hear ya. I don't disagree.
Along with that, of course, some new costumes
you'll be able to play as
including Badge Arcade Bunny.
They're going to have Mr. Saturn
and...
Master Belch
are going to be available.
They are there, actually. They're already in the game.
Awesome, so check it out. Play the 8-bit
games or 8-bit levels to
unlock them. And then also there is
another costume that's not part of this but
actually leaked out already. And this
is from a Mario Maker level
that is on the shop right
now that someone hacked
and somehow got this costume
in there. And it's actually
the Skypop Plane from Super Mario
Land. Oh wow, that's obscure.
Yeah, so you'll be able to
play that soon
because apparently they already
have the level out there
to download. Wow.
That's cool.
And I'm loving that all these
updates are free. Yes.
Thank you. Thank you, Nintendo.
It's something you've been doing very well
this year, so thank you.
Another game that's done very well for
Nintendo this year is Splatoon, which by the way
did you know there was a Splatfest this weekend? Totally
missed it. Just so many other games going on.
But yeah, there was a Splatfest. Who won?
Act F? Who won
the Splatfest thing? Because I probably
would have used reverse logic
and gone Team Nice, assuming
everybody else would go Team Naughty.
But maybe, I don't know who that is. Oh, Naughty 1.
See, and I would have been fucked over again.
Alright.
Anyhow,
so Splatoon, it's
been a huge success since launching in
May. It has sold over
2.42 million copies
worldwide, and
it's done very well in Japan.
Apparently Nintendo announced this week
1 million of those copies sold in
Japan, so congratulations. That's great.
Especially because Nintendo took a big risk
on a new franchise, but a lot of
people really love Splatoon, and
it's been doing very well for them, so
I'm sure we have not seen
the last of it. Also, to celebrate
this milestone, Nintendo is
going to hold a Squid Sisters
concert. Splatoon
Squid Sisters Live 2016
will take place
at a convention center in Chiba City
on January 30th, so
yes, it's only for Japan, but
Splatoon kind of has a fun little
like surf rock soundtrack that goes
with it, so I bet that'll be a lot of fun to see
played live, so
I'm very curious to see what that
turns out as. Maybe they'll,
a lot of times these concerts get CDs
made of them too, so I wonder if they won't end up doing
a CD of the live concert
later on. We'll see. But that's Splatoon.
Earlier in the show, I
brought up Fast Racing Neo,
and there is an update already planned for
Fast Racing Neo from a tweet
from Shin'en Games that actually
created the game. They have announced that there is
an update scheduled for January that will
include a track mini-map
that is not in the game right now, and I didn't mention
this when I was talking about the game earlier. The Wii U
gamepad, what's it used for?
Off-screen play, and that's it.
It's not used for anything else. So maybe the track
mini-map will be on the gamepad, who knows.
Online tags, I have not
played the game online yet, so I guess you
can't see people's tags online, but that will be
fixed in January. And then they say
stability improvements and the good old-fashioned
various fixes.
But that's nice to see that Fast Racing
Neo is getting that support, and
from what I'm hearing, doing very well in the online
store. It was the number one online game
in the past week, so props to those
folks. Gee, I guess people
wanted an F-Zero-like game on the Wii U
after all. Who knew?
Hey, look, even a story
about Pokken Tournament, maybe just
trying to get Dark Soccer's attention, begging for it
here, it's going to launch alongside
a special Wii U controller
in Japan. When the Wii U
version comes out on March 18th,
there's going to be a Wii U bundle that has a
digital copy of the game. There's going to be a wired
controller that comes with it as well, but
it's more, like, it looks different. It's
kind of like a longer controller
that, I guess,
looks more like the arcade version.
But anyway, it's going to be available,
and it will also be compatible with
the Wii U GamePad, the Wii U
Pro Controller, and the Wii
Classic Controller
Pro. So, please look forward
to that. Dark Soccer.
Well,
we have some news about Nobby Nobby
Boy. Girl has
finally reached Boy.
Girl and Boy have met up again.
They are now completely
joined and happy.
So, Girl reached Pluto
and then has looped around
and started making her way back to Earth.
And it took
six years
of people playing
Nobby Nobby Boy.
Is that all?
That's all.
But how many times did Boy
eat, or,
Nobby Nobby Boy eat his own butt?
That's a valid question, Dark Soccer.
I played Nobby Nobby Boy
on my phone for, like, ages.
I mean, you used to see,
I kept posting on Facebook,
that I would give Boy and Girl
all the love that I could.
Do you know that that's what
Dan and I call each other?
Even before the game came out.
Like, when I give him
cards, it's
to Boy from Girl.
Aww.
You know what?
They made treatments for Hairballs, Rob.
So, the Final Fantasy 7
remake group, they're getting some help
from the Kingdom Hearts team, too.
So, they are
going to be doing
a lot more development
in it, too, where you can actually fully
explore Midgar.
So, the multi-part
thing isn't going to affect
your ability to go around the game.
You get more attention on
Biggs Wedge and Jesse.
And, uh,
a lot more neat stuff on them.
And they're trying to bring back the voice cast
from Advent Children.
Nice. Also,
Cloud's hallucinations are supposed to be more meaningful.
I wonder if he's going to mention Xenogears.
Like he did
in the original. Anything is possible.
Um,
and then, uh,
sort of a last but not least,
Kurt Schilling, we know him, right?
Baseball guy?
38 Studios founder? Yes.
Well, um, he's like, I'm not going to say
anything else about this. I'm done.
So, unless they subpoena him,
that's it.
Then, uh, he says,
I have not been served anything by anyone.
There is not a person on this planet
with even a smidgen of knowledge
about the law who would say anything, but
we all know he shouldn't testify
while there is a bogus and incredibly wasteful
civil suit still hanging around.
So,
and honestly enough, I mean,
I don't know if it was
exactly all his fault, but I think he's just
done. I would be done too.
I have a feeling he's kind of done with
games for a long while.
Which was sad, because the guy himself,
as he is, had a real passion
for it. He did really love games.
And got way burnt by the whole thing, so.
Yeah.
So, sad face. I guess that's too bad.
Alright, well, uh,
but also I want to read this comment from our chatroom over at
live.vognetwork.com.
Sj100matt commenting on Kurt Schilling saying,
he's put his foot in his mouth too much lately. He's about
to lose his job at ESPN. Ouch.
And, uh, Bobby Blackwolf
talking about Kingdom Hearts saying,
Kingdom Hearts team needs to work on Kingdom Hearts
and not Final Fantasy. Uh,
yeah, I think there's a lot of people that kind of feel
that way. My assumption is that Kingdom Hearts
might be at a point in development
where some people can be shifted.
Like, you know how some things are done
early on in the process and that maybe
Final Fantasy VII Remake needs help with that part.
I don't know. We'll see.
No. So, hopefully
that's it. I can't see that they're actually
taking resources from Kingdom Hearts. I mean,
it's not like when they had to fix
Final Fantasy XIV and things got
really quiet at Square for a while
before the Final Fantasy
XIV Realm Reborn came out.
I don't think it's like that, but we'll see.
Alright, let's go to the FUGL
question of the week.
Every week we go to our Facebook
and our Google Plus communities.
We ask a question
and we get some answers.
And this week we wanted to ask about
sports ball. Because, you know,
we did have Rick from
Tipping Goat Games who was here earlier
and we wanted to talk about
sports games. So our question this week
is, do you prefer
the simplicity of a
retro style sports game
or do you prefer the complexity
of the modern style sports
games? Why did you answer
the way you did? So let's get to
some of the answers over on Facebook.
Retertainment saying, the NBA
street games were pretty dope until they
started adding in the overly complicated
game breakers that required
four or five simultaneous button
presses to pull off. So I'm going
with simplicity. Tiger
Claw says, I prefer sports games with
simplistic control. Games like
NBA Jam is more fun for casual
players since you don't have complicated
controls. One button is passing
the other for shooting. Any sports games
that everyone can play makes for
a good party game.
Andy R said, I don't play many sports games
but the ones I have were the retro simple ones.
So I guess those.
Hitstun says, I like old arcade
style sports games more. Not because
they're simple but because they're fast.
Modern sports games are
accurate even to the boring parts.
Games like RBA Baseball, NBA
Jam, and NFL Blitz have
better pacing than real life sports
and that makes them better games.
SSG100Matt says, to answer your question
yes. To tell you the truth
I have a place in my heart for both
complex and retro or simplistic
style sports games. I love
playing, managing with real world characters.
The professional athletes themselves
and learning different strategies and skills
to compete against certain defenses and offenses.
I also love playing the really simple
and sometimes over the top sports games
that are scaled down to the essence of why
people enjoy sports.
Scoring, hitting, dunking, shooting, throwing
passing, kicking, punching, etc.
Dartetsuya says, the
realistic or simulation style
stats stuff doesn't appeal to me
as much as the fast paced arcade style
sports game. Blitz, NBA Jam
and so on. I suppose
it's that I'm more a casual sports
fan than a hardcore one.
And lastly on Facebook, Jim Sally
our buddy Jim Sally
with his train says, when I play
sports games I want the controls to be as
simple as punching my buddy in the arm
while he's sitting next to me.
If you want to play some complex hockey, buy a hockey
stick and a cooper ball and start
playing for real. Best thing is the
3D graphics in real life are
almost as good as the new Xbox.
But I like the way
that's phrased, only almost.
And going to Google Plus
we have no answers on
Google Plus this week. Now
look, I know we all joke about Google Plus
being dead, but usually there's a few
of you that are loyal over on Google Plus, so
I don't know what's going on. I've used Google Plus
more now than... Yeah, ever since
Ingress started, right?
I technically haven't posted anything
on Google Plus, let's be clear.
The hangouts. The hangouts, yes.
So yeah, there you go.
Nothing on Google Plus this week, so
there you go. Alright.
So we're going to get back into some
news. But Dark Soccer,
you're on your way out, right? You had to take off a little early?
Yeah, I told the hubby a little bit later
than this, but he says he's here now.
So I guess
I'm out.
Because I didn't drive here
today. Dan dropped me off. We went to
see Star Wars today. So
yeah, he dropped
me off because also my tires
are a little bit unsafe.
Just a little bit. I mean, I don't think
it would have really been too bad for me to drive
on, but at the same time, it was
we were just going to be careful, so
especially with the rain. So I guess
I'm gone. Alright, okay, well that's okay.
Did you want to tell us really quick that story you had
coming up here? We'll do things a little out of order.
I just closed everything. Alright.
Sorry. I got it. Alright,
Logie's got it. And
some folks in chat are saying,
Dan on the show, Dan on the show, they got places
to be. Sadly, they're on their way out.
But
thank you for being here tonight Dark Soccer
and we'll see you next week.
Have a good holiday week. We will do
Cheesecake. Oh my god, stop it computer.
Your computer's
giving you a little taste of what the show computer
was giving me earlier. Alright.
Alright, well Logie and I will hold down the fort here
with our remaining news stories. So let's get to it.
Logie. So this is kind of cool.
So you know that whole
Retron console that was supposed to be
coming out, the one that was going to be based off
of like cartridges and it would
play like 18 or 8 to
32-bit style games. The Retro
Magazine people were doing it, right? Yeah, yeah.
That console. So anyways, now
they've got support. Now it's no longer
going to be the Retron video game system,
but it's now, they've been
backed by ColecoVision.
You remember Coleco?
Shit, that's like, that was like my first game
system back in the 80s. You know, they haven't been around forever.
But now they have a brand new system
coming out called the
ColecoVision, or the
Coleco Chameleon.
A quick thought on your way out there.
I'm sorry, I'm putting on my shoes right now.
I actually still have my
ColecoVision from when I was a kid.
And another ColecoVision. I wonder if it'll
have old school Coleco games built in.
It makes sense because those Flashback consoles. We finally get the
expansion module number 3.
I almost bought the
Coleco Flashback today. They have them on
they're closing them out out of
Target. Or
Walmart actually. They're closing them
out there. And I really want the
Atari one for some reason. They've got that in the
Intellivision one.
But anyways, yeah.
So that's pretty cool. And then of course
this is supposed to be launching in 2016.
I'm
curious to see how well it does.
I'm kind of skeptical
because
Well, I mean when they first announced
this I was like, I think it's
really awesome what they're doing. I think it's
extremely niche and I'm not sure how
they're going to make money on it. But
now that they have the backing of Coleco
I kind of feel like that's going to maybe put it in more
stores and it's going to make it more visible.
So I kind of think it has a way better
shot now than maybe. I mean and again
I don't mean to poo-poo it and say
it's never going to succeed. But I just
feel like it was a really steep climb and this is
going to really help give them that visibility
that it needs. The controller looks interesting because it looks
like a Wii U
gamepad. Like the Wii U Pro
gamepad. Not the
screen or anything.
It's identical
to one of those gamepads.
And then the middle portion
it's basically the
Super NES controller.
I just think it's going to be weird when we see
games out there. Like the retro-tastic
games and it's like going to be coming out
soon on Playstation 4, Xbox One
and Coleco.
What?
I hope so as well but like I just
don't know because like now if you want
those retro games you can still get them on other platforms.
It's not like this is the only way to
get that fixed. Yeah they're going to have to have some
exclusives or it's going to
yeah I get that. Like I don't need the
no I'm not going to buy a console for
Shovel Knight when Shovel Knight's out on like a
billion platforms right now. Yeah no I hear it.
I hear it. Like several
platforms.
Alright well I'm very curious
to see how that progresses. Again I think that's really
good news for that and it's going to bump it a little
bit out of something that otherwise would have been extremely
niche. Well let's
move on and talk about another Wii U
game this week. There's a lot of Wii U stuff in the news
this week. Did you know that a new Wii U
game actually came out this week?
This last Friday called Devil's Third.
I actually think it wasn't, I think that was the Friday
before where we're at now.
Yeah it was Itagaki's game.
That's right. Itagaki had put this game together for Wii U
and I remember it kind of like... It was supposed to be a
THQ game and then like that's...
kind of disappeared but now it's out.
Well apparently the game is
really hard to find.
Apparently Best Buy
had no copies in stock in an entire
district and GameStop
very few copies. GameStop
apparently told this reporter
that there was only
420 copies of the game
for sale in the entire
country. What?
Is that like only for the dot
com? Or is that like each store
got one copy of the game?
And that's not even each store.
That's like big stores got one copy
of the game. That's crazy. Is that a pre-order?
I know right? I hear the game wasn't very good
but I mean that's
I guess that's fine. It makes sense
that there's only that many physical copies.
It is available digitally
so that's not a big deal. But people are
snatching the shit up like it's a fucking collector's
item. Yeah. And it's turning around
and showing up on eBay right? It's a fucking
it's a pretty shitty game
so I don't know. Yeah.
I guess everyone wants to make a buck.
William Murderface in chat says apparently
it's really bad. Dungeon Buster
saying the Europeans got it months ago and
pretty much panned it. What meme
is asking is it a full $60 game?
Unfortunately the answer is yes. 50. I think.
Or 50. 50 dollars.
Brad from Pod Culture in Act Deft mentioning
the 420 there. 420
blaze it! Which actually
you know as much as you kind of joke
sometimes people put news stories
out there that are intentionally false
to see how far they'll travel.
420 that is an odd coincidence
of a number to put in a story so
maybe a little bit of salt with that but
I think it really
is fact to say the game is fucking
hard to find. Whether it was 420
or 600 or 12
it's not an easy game to find.
To be fair it is plausible
because the reason for that is they manufactured
those discs in lots of 30
and so 420
is divisible by 30 so
Oh look at you bringing science into this!
I mean there's that.
I had no idea they did it in lots of 30.
Yeah it's cases of 30
for like disc games usually
so Wii U
Okay. Well I learned something today.
24 for PlayStation
because the discs
are different. I don't know why
it's only 24 but usually 24
for like PlayStation 3
I think now when everything is on Blu-ray it's all 30
but most of the time
it's 30. DungeonBuster
in chat over at live.vognetwork.com
saying Loki laying down the industry knowledge
yeah I got to admit I'm pretty impressed.
But then again 420 could also be
completely made up so I mean
it's plausible. It's not a lot
and I kind of would wonder
what the minimum runs are on those things because
normally they have to sell
so many in order to make it worthwhile
and usually
they have to run more than I think
420 copies. Yeah unless
Nintendo just straight up took a loss on this
but the game is available in the digital
store right? You can get it on
the store if you really want to pay the full money.
I just think I don't remember what their minimums are because
I just know from like
you know like
there was a 3DS title that someone had made
or DS title that was like some
simulation game and they independently
had it printed and it was like
they had to make like 8000 copies or something of it
like some ridiculous amount
so if you have to make 8000 copies of that
you know you probably
have to make more than 420 copies
I have a feeling
I have a feeling someone's already written it off as a loss
Well I'm just saying because like why even
make a physical disc if you're going to only print
that many copies you would think that they would
make at least a few thousand
I don't know. Maybe they have to for like tax
reasons or something crazy I mean
admittedly I'm talking out my ass a little bit
but it would make sense.
Or they just
they had trouble getting it through customs
damn those customs
It's just
it's terrible. Hey that's
a pretty smart move though. Hey let's
make only these make copies and make it crazy
that people want it and
have to get it and now
they're selling all those
copies. I don't know.
Whatever. Alright. Well let's move on with some
more stories. What else you got for us?
Alright. Actually I think
that would be you.
With the Devil's Third Story? I just did that.
Oh that's right. Oh we're talking about
Jamie. Sorry about that.
Okay so
there's apparently
this is kind of interesting so
Good Game Studios they're
accused of busting
a union that was being
created by
their former employees
and so
I guess allegedly they were
let's see here
20 employees were involved
with establishing a workers
council and then
the company laid off
that council earlier
this year and so they
kind of were brought up against allegations
and
I don't know it's they're denying
that they did anything wrong but it's kind
of like that's kind of weird that you would lay
all those people off after they did
this. Well there's a lot of people talking about
how difficult and demanding
the industry can be sometimes. I mean you really
have to love video games because
especially during you know some real
crunch periods you know people
work these crazy long days
and I'm sure you all have heard of this
you know coming out of the EA and some of the stuff here. Now
this studio if I'm not mistaken they're in Germany
so I mean now it has
that complexity of you know I know
what the laws are like here in America but I don't know what it's like in Germany.
It's hard to say is it because of the union that they
were laid off or is it because of the
development cycle that they were laid off? Yeah.
Yeah and who knows so there's a lot of those questions
to answer but I think I think it definitely goes to show
that there's some people that get so
frustrated maybe with some of the
the because sometimes
these crimes and I'm saying sometimes
sometimes these crunch periods are a result
of bad decisions right
bad decision is made up top and that
trickles down and everybody else has to pay for it
right. Yeah. So that's why sometimes these
these unions and things are are being
formed is to kind of like I guess make
those higher up a little more accountable
for the decisions they make and the trickle that
that could have but again you
throw the international complexity into it I'm not
really sure how that all works out but
very interesting.
Alright. Do you want to talk about
Minecraft as well before we get to
Sure. So Minecraft got a
console update and they're saying it's the
biggest one yet. Brings the game up to version
1.88 and
adds a bunch of new things new biomes
including Mesa, Mega, Tiaga
Roofed Forest, Birch Forest
Savannah, Extreme Hills
plus Deep Ocean
and Snowless
Tyga and
see there's new mobs including the endermite
guardian, elder guardian
rabbits and chicken jockeys
like
I seriously
I was looking through my son's
book he has a Minecraft book that talks about like
some of the enemies and I'm like I don't know who the fuck
these characters are like this wasn't
when I was playing so
go back to the PC version
other things, new blocks
including granite, packed ice, red
sandstone, diorite
prismarine
also you can catch treasure while fishing
the buttons can be placed
on top of or on the tops and bottoms
of blocks
skeletons flee from wolves
and spiders no longer see through solid blocks
and that's coming to PlayStation
Xbox players
no Wii U update yet
of course
alright well
I guess I'll have to jump back in
I have the PlayStation version
of Minecraft so I'll check that out
we should do that again cause I like kinda
I keep talking to my son about like how we used to play
on the server and stuff and it
you know it's a lot more funny when you have more people playing
it is, it is
do you have it on PlayStation 4? we could just do a little
I do have it on PlayStation 4
I have it on PlayStation 4
and on Wii U
and Xbox 360
and Windows 10
my phone on
my iPod
yeah pretty much everywhere
oh and I thought I was bad at buying the same game
multiple places
your Minecraft collection puts my
Mass Effect 3 collection to shame
alright well Valve
a lot of people rumbling about
the upcoming Steam sale right
seems like it's inevitable we got a winter sale coming
pretty soon and you know a lot
of people usually praise Steam and all that they
do but interesting
Steam's taken a few hits this year
and another one on its way is that Valve
is being sued in the country of
France not here in the States
but still we like to cover news everywhere
and that is they're being sued
in France by and I'm gonna horribly
mispronounce this name I'm sorry it's
UFC K
I have no idea how to
pronounce that I'm sorry because I do not speak
French but that is a French Consumer
Association that's what you need to know it's French
Consumer Association and they put
out a new letter and said that the
Steam subscriber agreement contains
clauses which are detrimental
to consumer interests
apparently
it all comes down to the fact that users
cannot resell their digital
games and that's something that French
law allows for and we've talked about this
on the show before is that whole controversy
about being able to sell a
digital game and what's interesting is that
the Steam storefront is kind
of set up for that right like because you
can put games in your inventory
but the used thing
you can't really do it you can do it with a new
game that you haven't installed and played yet but you can't
really do it with a used game and I guess the
French Association taking
some issue with that also
though it isn't just limited to that
some other things cited is that Valve does
not assume responsibility
in cases where accounts get hacked
and users personal information gets
stolen and
that is also can be said
for how the company claims ownership
of any user created
content that is uploaded to Steam
now apparently
Valve they use Luxembourg's
consumer law in all countries
it operates in so that way
they don't take into account each countries different
rules but it should be noted
that Valve was already sued once
in a German court by a German
consumer group a couple years ago
probably when some of these stories first came up
about the whole used games digital stuff
Valve actually won that case
but that was in 2014 and this
is another country so
we'll see what happens with that
that could really change things
if folks are able to resell
their digital games I mean
all of a sudden your library man
people are going to be unloading games in their library
for like 25 cents a pop
I mean
it's going to be very interesting
I don't know
I've always hesitated buying
digital games I mean
it's one thing on Steam when they
unload games for you know
99 cents or like
$3.99 for a little game
it makes it very easy to buy that digitally
because whatever equity you feel like
you'd have in that game would be literally dollars and cents
but it's a little harder sometimes
to spend $60
on a game you're not sure about
digitally because you know you're going to get
stuck with that game if you don't really like
it but if you have it on disc you can at least
resell it your game has some equity it has some
value in it it'll be very interesting to see
how that could really change the market
I worry for
smaller indie developers that really
rely on Steam that might
not have the best effect
yeah it's going to be kind of hard to do that
yeah so I kind of worry for them
but I definitely get people's
frustration with the AAA side of things
like what was it Batman
Arkham Knight right
was a shit show on Steam
and you know they kind of had to eat a lot
of crap for it and they were charging what $60
for that right so if people wanted to get
rid of that there's a part of me
that kind of thinks they should well Steam
did enact that whole
refund thing I think to
try to account for some of that but I don't know
I feel a little differently when it comes to a
big big Warner Brothers $60 game
like that and then like you know
for example's sake the game we were talking about
earlier tonight Super Slam Dunk Touchdown
you know I don't know if I feel like
you know we heard it's one guy
that's doing most of this I mean you get some
contract help and so forth that I would kind of
feel bad if maybe the value of his game
gets undercut by this
all of a sudden emerging used game
market right yeah so
it'll be really interesting to see how this
plays out I don't know so
alright but I'm not a lawyer
so I don't know at the end of the day
we're going to get to the mailbag you guys it's time
to open up the mailbag where you guys
participate with us every week
over at participate
at orange lounge
trader dot com if you want to send us an email that is
participate at orange lounge
radio dot com
I'm logging into the mailbag now because usually
Dark Soccer will dive into the mailbag
and read some mail for you guys but
as you all heard a minute ago she had to leave
early so it's just me
tonight so I'm going to get to the emails
we have three of them tonight starting off
with this one this is from Robert M
who says
here's two quick questions and a longer
hopefully cool thing from Halloween
yes the email is from this week
first I don't know if the comic story line
will affect Captain America Civil War
and the MCU Marvel
Cinematic Universe but if Falcon
takes over the role of Captain from Rogers
will he be Captain Fal
no that's a dumb question actually
can Captain America fly now or did that not
happen in Ultimate Marvel
I do not follow
comics at all I
hate to say it by the way I really
want a comic show on VOG Network I'm just putting it out
there I've been wanting one for years so if you
know a long running show that's interested in joining
up with some of us I would
love that because this is where I would ask them
help because I have no idea
John picks up a lot of that slack
so does Brad from Pod Culture but
I would love some comic experts in here
Loki do you follow any of that stuff
no
Brad from Pod Culture
is filling in a little bit here saying Falcon became
Captain and flies so that's
how that works and I do know from what I
remember in the new movie trailer you do see
Falcon in it so who knows where the Marvel Cinematic
Universe will go with that anyhow
second have any
of you including Bobby gotten to
see the Gear VR yet sorry if
that was already discussed well funny enough
Jamie talked about her experiences earlier in the
show Bobby owns one
I know that because he's the one that showed
the Gear VR to me and so yeah
I've used Gear VR funny
enough I didn't play any games in Gear VR
the stuff I saw was like experiences
I saw like a Cirque du Soleil thing
and like a Paul McCartney concert and I know
I've talked about this on the show before you'll
want to go back to February
of this year when I was at PAX East
that was the
week I got to play the Gear VR
Loki did you end up getting one of these?
I haven't bought one though because it's
$100 and I don't use my
Oculus well I didn't use my
Oculus because it runs like shit on my laptop
which is fine because it's not meant to
run on my laptop
I haven't had the money to
build a new computer yet to run the Oculus
and then of course I'll probably just buy the actual
retail one but my phone's nice
and should be able to run well it does
run the Gear VR stuff so I just
maybe eventually
I don't know I have to see
what they have on it and like maybe if I
develop stuff for it that's a
ways away so I'm holding out
right now
and let's see going
to the last little bit of the
email here from Robert M and
finally I thought I'd share two months
after slapping this together
I built a nearly two foot
tall figure for Halloween using
Lego's Hero Factory or
Bionicle building system
I figured I wanted to try building a large scale
character since I would certainly
give it a cartoon animal design
and I was sure the holo
disproportionate robotic thing would
invite the obvious comparisons I just went
ahead and ran with it building for my
parts bins in maybe two hours total
in the end my brother didn't let me bring it to his
house for his party fearing his three year old
would tear it apart I considered building the
white one for that reason it doesn't look
that much like the in game model but it's effective
for what it is and it actually stands
up by itself although it's too top heavy
for say a running pose
now Robert M doesn't name what it is
here in the email but he attached some pictures
and you can actually see it's one of the
characters from Five Nights at Freddy's I believe this is
Foxy this is the guy that's behind the curtain
there it's definitely yeah it's definitely the red Foxy
character there it looks like an
like a
cyborg version of that and the
way the eye hangs out is really
creepy and yeah I would not want to see that in Five
Nights at Freddy's or really probably real
life so well done if you were going
for scary so
anyhow Robert M
signs the email and then concludes saying
PS do you have the public photo
pool for OLR active
no Robert we actually took that down on the old
website a few years ago it was being abused
and we didn't have a way to really effectively
screen the photos that were going
through there and it wasn't really
emails like this are so few
and far between that unfortunately it wasn't really enhancing
the experience I think Twitter
kind of took over now people just share their
stuff on Twitter and we can kind of retweet
and so forth so unfortunately the photo archive
kind of kind of met its maker there
but the old
website in general is really in need
of a boost and Jason and I
have talked about that we really need to draw Dekeman
into that too and see what we can come up
with in the new year but we are
it's kind of tricky where I'm at because
at the same time I really want to make sure VOG
has a lot of stuff and obviously
we could always use more content for VOG so
a lot of my focus kind of goes over there
so Orangeloungeradio.com kind of becomes
that's the place where the podcast
is hosted and it works
so don't upgrade the Skype version
over there so it doesn't break so
anyhow
there it is that's our email
tonight from Robert M let's go to the next email
here from Raginator
who's been emailing us an awful lot because as you know
he can't participate live with the show
if you've been following his emails
so let's get on to the
next and DarkTitsu is saying I know
Dekeman's got a lot of family stuff going on so there's
that oh yeah obviously and that stuff comes from
please I don't I don't make
money doing OLR so I can't pay people
so yeah I am beggars
can't be choosers I can only take help when
people are able to help but I appreciate all help
moving
on to Raginator's email hi everyone it's
Raginator again as per usual I'm writing
in I have two topics for you the first is short
but the second is a little long so I apologize
for those that haven't noticed yet Humble Bundle
is having a Neo Geo bundle going
on thank you for reminding me I do have to get
it by the time OLR airs and this
email is read there'll be about a day and a half to two days
left to jump on it but nonetheless I want to
pass along the info all in all
there's 25 or so games in the bundle which
a few of them can be redeemed on Steam
the rest are DRM free there's a few
noteworthy games in there amongst them are Samurai
Showdown 2 and 5, Art of Fighting
2, 2 or 3 King of Fighter games
and Metal Slug
1 through 3 and X
in my opinion it's a good deal
even for the Samurai Showdown games
alone seeing as they're not on Steam
so yes that is a
good FYI because we missed
last week's show and a chance to bring that up
but it's just running in an emulator you're buying ROMs
basically you are buying ROMs but at least
you're doing it legally right and some of it's on
Steam so you have all that built
in or whatever is there achievements or
no? Not in the ROMs
obviously but there's
looks like the ones on Steam would be
Metal Slug 1 and 3
and then they also have the King
of Fighters 98 Ultimate
Match Final Edition
and...
Is Fatal Fury Special in there?
That's one of my very favorites Metal Slug X and the King
of Fighters 2002 Unlimited Match
Fatal Fury Special you said?
Yeah that's my
favorite
Fatal Fury Special is one of the
DRM free ones
Alright
Act Deft in our chat room
talking about there's some controversy there
about the ROMs and the emulator that .EMU
uses for the games he says he might call in about that
later I am behind
on this news if that
all must come up while I was out of town so I'm very curious
to hear what's going on there I did hear
it didn't come up on tonight's show but I did hear something
and maybe somebody in chat or
Loki even maybe you know about this
remember a couple weeks ago we were talking about the whole
Bubsy coming back in the 1 and 2
Yeah that's basically S.N.E.X
Oh my god yeah I heard that
was basically an emulator
and those ROMs and that the people putting it
up there weren't even authorized to do it right?
I thought I heard that?
They said they got the permission but
I don't know if that's legitimate
Oh man
that's crazy and see that's
another thing Steam's taken some real
hits left and right this year because that would be
another thing that's going to make them look silly
Like I said I watch a lot of Jim Sterling
and stuff and
he reviews a lot of really shitty
or doesn't review but plays
a lot of really shitty Steam games
and there's some though that are fucking
ridiculous to have copyrighted shit
in them that fucking just get through the Greenlight
process and get put up there as legit games
like they have Gabe Newell's simulator
and it's like it's an absolute
shit game
and there's it's just
people just send this
stuff through and it's just cluttering up the
fucking Steam store
Very curious
about that now just I
heard that somewhere I don't know that to be true
so I just want to put that out there
and in fact I just did a news search and I'm not seeing
anything about it but I swear to god I heard something out
there this week about that whole thing so
the Bubsy thing was not
as not as
A plus so I just allegedly
covering my own ass there
Alright let's get to Rage Nator's second topic here
Only kinda sorta tangently
gaming related alright I guess we'll allow it
Hoping for your input nonetheless
See I'm the oldest of four siblings
and my sister two years my junior
along with my one brother four years my junior
for the past two months have repeatedly offered
to loan me some money to get me a new PC
I refuse for two reasons
One being that when they do something out of the
kindness of their hearts strings are always attached
this time being no different
Secondly my sister isn't in a position to loan
or give out money due to her own finances
living in a very expensive area of Alberta
Canada owing way more on her mortgage
I feel like this is personal stuff I don't want to read on
air I told her
specifically that her kids need to come first
and at least with the strings attached
aspect they told me if they were going to loan me the
money I was to get the computer that
they wanted me to have a low end Dell
that I wouldn't run all my games
and I'd be stuck with a PC I couldn't use
and a debt that I'd have to repay
My brother seemed to have dropped the subject albeit
in a huff a month ago but my sister apparently
didn't and tried to be slick
She told me on 12-9 that she sent me via
UPS a $200 Target card
to be used on a computer and that I needed to be
home the next day to accept it
That despite the fact I asked her not to do it
plus I already had plans that day
due to doctors appointments I couldn't be home
all day waiting on UPS
Anyway I was forced to reschedule my appointment
then when UPS did show up I refused delivery
Of course 20 minutes later my sister calls me
in a huff and we had a massive argument
We're not talking. What's your points
regarding this?
Wow this is this is
the OLR therapy moment here
You guys need to sit down and have a nice
long talk about this. I think that's
very nice that your family wants to do
that and I think you should acknowledge it
at such and say I think it's very nice that
you want to do this but
I really want to be able to do this on my own terms
and build the system that I want to do
so thank you but
no thank you and I think that has to be that
and if for whatever reason they can't hear
that then I would kind of wonder
why they can't
respect your wishes that you want to go
through that process of saving the money
that you want to do and build the
system that you want. Now granted
there's three sides to every story
your side, their side, and the truth
so I'm only able
to really say this based on what I'm reading in this
email
I would just say you're not really
under any obligation to accept
a gift but at the same time
you should probably acknowledge that
hey somebody wants to do something nice
for me and that's a good thing but this whole
thing about the whole I bought you
a card and you need to be at home
and all that stuff that's
a little weird but the fact that you refuse delivery
you could have accepted the card and
then taken her the card and said you know I
appreciate this but I'm going to give it back to you
it might have been a little easier way to do
it without starting a whole
fight there
but anyway
would you care to
suggest anything to that Loki
I did not realize we were going to be
playing therapy on OLR in that email
but that's alright
I hope you guys can work it out, it's the holidays
it's the freaking holidays
hug it out
alright
one more email here
from YYR
Hello
OLR
feverishly working on diagrams for my
provisional patent application
if that sounds boring it's because it is
ugh I'm fascinated that you're going
through your patent application I would like
to hear more about that process someday
seated to my right however is Amy
and she is not bored because she is playing Ori
in the Blind Forest I don't know how I missed
this game when it came out months back but I took a
gamble on it grabbing it for $10 on the Black Friday
sale knowing absolutely nothing about it
fast forward a bit and I can honestly
say it's a game I feel I have a responsibility
to recommend to almost everyone specifically
if you like Metroidvania style games at
all and have an Xbox One you need
to buy this the controls are perfect
the gameplay is just as addictive as it is
in the best games in that genre and the graphics
well as far as games with 2D
gameplay and 3D graphics go I've never seen one
so beautiful the music is fantastic
too and some of the power ups are really
inventive and fun to use it's not a super
long game so it won't take you away from your other
bigger games for more than a few days
the chance is high that it will go on sale again
when the big Xbox sale begins in a few days
very possibly to the $10 I got
it for but quite honestly I'd pay the
full $20 for it
it is that good and if you buy
it over the next few days it will be on your
best game of the year list Rob
I'm looking at you and possibly winking
um surprise YYR I
actually bought that game already I bought it in
a sale I don't think it was Black Friday sale but they
did some other random sale it was either
at the end of summer or um
beginning of fall I don't remember there was maybe
Labor Day sale or something and uh
Codeman was telling me what a great game that was and I
heard it was Metroidvania so I actually checked it out
and I did really enjoy it admittedly
I did not spend enough time with it because
you know it kind of fell in that
avalanche of games that's coming out in the
fall but um I do want to go back
and spend some more time with it because I
also agree it's a real gorgeous game
and you know I love me some Metroidvania
uh the game
really ramps up in difficulty fast though from what
I remember like I remember I was like playing in the beginning
I'm like oh this is easy this is easy and then like
just kidding so
um yeah there is that
but yeah I've already checked that out YYR
but uh I'm sure the listeners still appreciate
uh a little uh plug
and so forth uh have you checked that out Loki
the Ori and the Blind Forest? Um
no I have not you'll have to keep an
eye out for that on the Steam sale because I
I agree with YYR it's almost certain to show up
on Steam sale or Xbox One
or one of those so
alright uh and uh
lastly hope you guys and all the listeners
have a Supra Ultra
Hyper Mega Merry Christmas
Championship Edition Turbo 3
Happy Holidays
YYR or Aaron
thank you so much YYR really appreciate
that and you know what I did get by the way your message
about the um multitasking
game right in the middle of
GamerX so I have not had a chance
to sit down and play that yet uh but
you emailing us reminded me I really
need to do that tonight after the show so uh
love that and
Dark Tetsuya says YYR should work
for Capcom and Orange Wright
uh adding something that you forgot
for matching service
Bob Coffee saying Alpha
means that as well
alright uh there you go that's the
emails for tonight participate at
OrangeLoungeRadio.com
if you want to send us an email in
a future week and we uh
encourage you to do so meanwhile
it's time to get to the FUs of the week
we're gonna get a little mad around here because
well we do
Loki
um I guess
I don't know FU2
not knowing um what my ship
is gonna be next year because I'm trying to
trade ships with other employees but
I'm waiting for their
managers to approve it
it's supposed to be within a five day time frame but no
one is getting back to me yay or nay
I hate it when like if they're not gonna
approve something just say listen we're not gonna
approve it or you know listen
they've decided not to go with your
ship trade
just let me know either way
you know don't leave me in limbo
alright
um my FU of the week uh
things have been going pretty well I uh
I've had a pretty good weekend there's not a lot I can
give an FU to um I would say
um
um oh FU to the computer problems
I've been having tonight FU to Skype
FU to Skype
fucking breaking my computer with the
updates and I really don't know how I'm gonna fix
it I'm gonna have to do some type of like
deep clean where I go in and remove every single
Skype file I don't even really know how to
do that but that's time
this week I didn't want to have to spend and now I'm gonna
but I'm doing it for you guys
so we can make sure we continue the calls here on
OLR cause having a listener
interaction here on OLR is very important
and I would never say FU to that so
I will work to fix Skype
even if that means updating the computer
because honestly the show computer hasn't been
upgraded since when did I throw the
DevaFit that was when I was living with John
that was a while ago that was um
the DevaFit was in the garage
that would have had to have been what 2009
2009?
so this no
I'm losing
track in my head I want to say it was maybe like
2009 when that happened maybe a little earlier
even like 2008
so getting old I know right
I can't remember years well no I said the
computer's getting old even those power supplies
don't last that long yeah so it might be
time to sub out a few parts
maybe the power supply for sure
and I don't know maybe try to put some more RAM or even
another chip in there and just see
if I can boost it to where it can run
Windows 7 or something and some of the more
modern stuff but you know
more RAM I am I am such
the type that's like I don't want to fix
what's not broken
but now it's breaking so it never works correctly
just like stupid Unity and fucking
Windows 8 and now Windows 10
doesn't it's like for no reason it just
stops working no one has the answer to why
this isn't working it's just eh fuck
it Unity 5 no not gonna
work yeah uh TigerCon
chat says I remember the time OLR's computer
went down after the video card died that's
when this computer came in because and that was you
guys and I gotta say that is one of
I I I I
rendered speechless quite often on this show
I must say by the generosity of the
listeners and so far cause you know we don't we don't ask for
money or anything like that but you guys
banded together and bought fucking
computer parts and so this computer
we're using is a listener donated computer
so there's also a tiny
part of me there's a tiny part of me that wants to make it
last as long as possible but
I'm in a much better place finance not that I'm like
rolling in money but I'm in a better place
I'm certainly not but I'm in a better place financially now
than I was six years ago so
if I have to kick down a little bit of money to
buy a new chip or some RAM or a new power supply
or whatever I don't mind we'll we'll make
it work so alright
uh anyhow
let's uh let's move on we got a few more
stories for you guys then we're gonna try
to open up the Skype line but I'm gonna warn you guys
it's gonna be a little wonky tonight so we'll do our
best uh try to at least get some calls in here
so let's get to Loki
so now they've added one on one
rival battles for Guitar Hero
TV that's of course part
of Guitar Hero Live
and um I guess you'll
be able to once you've hit
level 10 you'll be put
against other similarly skilled
uh players on one on one
battles and they
said that twice during every
30 minute slot on Guitar Hero
TV channel um
you'll find another player I guess
and then the winner of the challenge will
receive an extra uh
100 XP
I don't get this game anymore
I still need to
get it I keep saying I'm gonna get it
and then I uh I don't so
I need to pick that up cause uh
um it was a lot of fun to play
in the demo and so forth and I have to
admit I was not expecting that out of Guitar Hero
so uh I didn't drop all the money for it day
one but uh uh
I want to check this out so
too many games and not
enough time that's right isn't that isn't
that it and you know we all have to hold down
day jobs so we don't get to
I don't have time to play
games unfortunately
well I end up staying up till one in the
morning every day to play games
and get my nice
five hours of sleep we
try though we do the best we can cause we love games
although for some stupid
reason I can make tons of time for fucking ingress
which is retarded
ingress is a game it's just a different
type of game it's a social game
it's a chore
it's like a farm
I went to an ingress party that had nothing to do with
playing the game I was just hanging out with some of the people this week
oh I don't know who any of the people are I mean I've
met them I gotta meet introduce some more of them
just some really fun people to play
alright uh
anyhow let's move on one more story for you guys
also about music games and this one is about
Rock Band 4 which I finally
imported my Rock Band 3 songs over the weekend
so I have that to look forward to
playing all those games but one
thing I'm not gonna get to do is play them online
cause Harmonics said this week
we're not sure yet where online multiplayer
fits in our roadmap
now Harmonics is saying that online multiplayer
is very much on the table for Rock Band 4
but they don't know exactly
where that fits in
on the Harmonics blog David Sussman
said online multiplayer is
a part of a much bigger conversation
we know it's at the top of a lot of people's want list
online play with Rock Band is a big deal
given the amount of different combinations of player
4 potential instruments, different difficulties
song affinities between players and so forth
there's a ton of testing necessary
as well as technical back end to work through
in order to provide a fun stable experience
for any future development
especially features that have existed in our legacy
Rock Band games
we want to be able to improve and refine wherever
possible in the case of online
play we have a lot of critical feedback
on the Rock Band 3 design that we'd love to be able
to address. Adding this functionality
is very much on the table but we're not sure
yet where it fits in our roadmap
part of our process includes taking
your advice into consideration
before it can deliver a feature as complex
as online multiplayer we would like
to better understand what you want
and find to be important
blah blah blah we're gonna send out a survey
about online play shortly blah blah blah
fill it out
now dark to see you in chat saying I don't get there
hold up I mean didn't the previous games have online
multi maybe I'm wrong I've really only
played a little bit of 3 offline
2 and 3 both had it
and I think that's why a lot of people
are confused because it's adding
into that whole perception that Rock Band
4 was a step backwards for the game
I just don't
let's just call it what it is
it was fucking rushed out
seriously it shouldn't be
it's on our table of stuff that we're gonna
add into the game
that's just features
it should've been fucking if it's not done
it's not done don't release the game
don't just put it out there because oh we need to
get those sales in
but here's the double edged sword
with that I think Harmonix is in a
tricky position especially because you know
let's not forget Rock Band 3
had that EA money and it had that MTV
money so I think in a way
Harmonix had to get the game
out there to fund the game they really
wanted to make I realize
that's not what you want to hear
nobody wants to hear that
but that's what's happening
you know it's just like
you know with Kinect and stuff
well Kinect's gonna do all these fantastic
things except it can't
but Kinect 2.0 will
but it can't
but Kinect 3.0
it's like no I'm not gonna buy that
alright
we are to the point of this show where we're gonna open
up the Skype line over at 1877
game OLR or actually
I don't think the toll free number is working right now
I think I enabled something
that now because I can't log in on the desktop
I can't undo that so
I am just gonna give out our regular Skype
which is Orange Lounge Radio all one word
on Skype I'm gonna warn you guys
we're doing this a little differently tonight so I don't know how this
is gonna go but
fuck it we'll do it live so if you wanna
give us a call go ahead Orange Lounge Radio all one
word on Skype the Skype line is open
now
if you do have general questions of course you can always
yell those out in chat if you don't want to actually call in
you can always give us the questions in the chat
room I would usually use tweets
to fill time but my phone
is now dedicated to the Skype line
tonight which we are getting a
call coming in on the Skype line so I'm gonna try
and get to it right now
Hi you're on Orange Lounge Radio who's this?
Legend of Zaku here
Hey Zaku how you doing?
Yeah it's been a long
yeah it's been like ages I know I've been
sacking off on this OLR thing
Well welcome back we missed you
what's on your mind?
Nothing much other than
well in about a minute my
birthday's coming up Well happy birthday
you're a holiday baby
Yeah that too
and you know essentially
right now
kind of in the midst of trying to
switch over on FSX to the Steam
edition which is gonna be fun
and hopefully they'll get me
onto Windows 10 Other than that
it's like I guess going on that
whole Rock Band multiplayer thing
I guess you know
you're right
at some point
Harmonix wants to avoid
something known as Scope Creep
where because it's like
because of the actual
requirements
and the fact that they need to hit a hard deadline
they have to
forgo certain features
even if they were standard
and I guess
the fact that they have to
position themselves as trying to contrast
against Guitar Hero Live which
for all intents and purposes I hear didn't
do as great as Rock Band 4
And you know
what's interesting about that whole thing is
I bet the history of the franchise
really played into that because
I have to be brutally honest
as unfair and
as it might sound of me
I kind of judged Guitar Hero Live
based on the prior Guitar Hero
games and I probably
shouldn't have done that
I think as they
were released
I can't believe I'm going to say this
I kind of think Guitar Hero was the better game out of the box
and I kind of
made a mistake choosing Rock Band 4
based on all these other promises
I don't know
it's weird
it's a really weird situation for me but the reality is
there's only so many
fucking plastic instruments I'm willing to have
and Guitar Hero
took a huge risk
changing not only where the
instruments can't really be used
but they really changed the formula with the whole
six buttons I mean you couldn't even
use the old ones if you wanted to
so unfortunately
the risk isn't paying
off and I almost feel bad because
that's twice now
that developer's kind of gotten screwed
for problems that aren't really theirs
because that was the developer of DJ Hero
horrifically underrated
game and now they've got Guitar Hero
Live which also is kind of underrated
and I feel bad, I'm part of the problem
Right
and I guess in Harmonic's case to their
benefit by focusing
more on getting the install
based compatibility
at the expense
of online multiplayer
bringing it back to
the core mechanics of
actually having to go to someone's
place to play Rock Band, bring back that
experience I guess that was more important to them
and you know
as I said this is a stepping stone
provided that they make enough
money that they could probably just
add, they could probably patch this in
a later update. Remember
you gotta keep in mind that Harmonic's
for all intents and purposes
would most likely release one
version of that
Rock Band franchise for that
platform's entire
lifespan meaning that
because you could actually patch in features
it shouldn't you know
adding online multiplayer
isn't like world ending in that sense
because remember they see it
as a platform and not necessarily a release
Right and you know
I'm trying to be fair to Harmonic's
and you know I think I kind of said what I said about
the fact that you know they're in a different position now
than they were a couple of years ago but
the reality is niceness
and understanding only goes so far
when you're asking for $100 of my money
true but
at the same token
it could have been worse like Guitar Hero
Live you had like
almost zero
songs from the original
the previous releases carrying over
like you're talking about people who spent
upwards of at least a thousand bucks
on Rock Band DLC alone
in almost a decade
that it's been ever since the first
release so that's a hell of
a longevity in terms of DLC
literally carrying from one generation
to another
Well at least Guitar Hero is doing something a little
different with the whole streaming thing
but I get your point I mean I understand that
you know Guitar Hero and maybe that's part
of the reason Guitar Hero also took
a hit in sales is that they didn't promise
that backwards compatibility
so to speak that Rock Band did
and I think that's one reason a lot of people were jazzed
about Rock Band and that would completely
explain why Harmonic's
had to cut certain features out because
obviously making the hard
deadlines a lot more important
but I think this is important
Harmonic still has not
fully met that promise
it took them a month to do it
for Rock Band 3 we still
do not have original Rock Band, Rock Band 2
Rock Band Lego there's still a lot of stuff
missing and I don't think that's
okay I don't think that was okay
for them to misrepresent
that there's really
no nice way for me to put it I feel it was really
misrepresented when they announced it
is that they're gonna bring all that
stuff out but not day one
well as I said this is
welcome to the world of
licensing where now the lawyers
have to play have to basically negotiate
they're basically
negotiating with the music industry
well negotiate it before you announce it
true yeah you usually don't
announce it until the ink is dry
but you know now they're pretty much
caught right there you know
they're exposed in that
if for some reason certain
Rock Band tracks unless they've
specifically stated that certain tracks
may not make it
make it over to Rock Band 4
as a disclaimer they're pretty much
caught in the sense that
you know there were the only thing they
have is their word and if their word doesn't
deliver on the you know
thousand plus dollars worth of DLC
certain Rock Band
you know last gen Rock Band owners have
then yeah you know
it would suck to spend all
that money and
all of it getting left
behind as a result because harmonics
basically you know
they basically jumped the
gun a bit too early in terms of
trying to handle that transition
but that pretty much could break
the entire music
rhythm genre for consoles
in general
unfortunately I think
I mean you're right and that's
the really sad thing especially having been
fans of music games for so long is that if
both these games tank there's
not gonna be rhythm games for a good
well I shouldn't say that
there will be rhythm games and it's gonna be
indie and that's gonna be awesome
but the day of the plastic instruments is dead
yeah and this is where
like an arcade would you know
Japan probably being the last bastion
of rhythm gaming or
that area around the Pacific Rim
but yeah you're right
well unless but
I mean for those that follow
Kyle Ward on Facebook
something's up so
we'll have to get in touch with him later
to get more insight on that I don't know
I don't want to comment on somebody's Facebook
but I think all that stuff is public
so it's not like it's not out there but
very interesting stuff I heard
I know he went to Japan
past couple of weeks
you know Grant that was in Peru just like
following him there's a video we're seeing
if you haven't seen it yet where
he's definitely dancing on an 8 arrow
mat you've never seen it before
oh wait I think I get it
now I think I may have saw that in my feed
an 8 arrow oh Jesus
so anyway that means he's probably
unless he worked on something
with Konami that would have to explain
his meetings out there who knows
who knows anyway I don't wanna
I gotta watch how far I go down that
we'll let him on the show when he wants to talk about that
but anyway Zaku
we'll let you go for now
alright take care buddy thanks for calling
bye have a good one you too
alright that is Zaku there
sorry you're gonna get Skype noises tonight on the show
since we
have to have this whole little rig
here with my iPhone and all that stuff
1877
Game OLR or username on Skype
Orange Lounge Radio if you wanna give us a call
and I don't know why I gave out that
800 number cause
welp it doesn't work tonight
but we are getting oh I'm sorry Skype noise is coming through
hi you're on Orange Lounge Radio who's this
hey this is Akdeaf
hey Akdeaf buddy what's on your mind tonight
well like I taste
with Reginator's email
oh okay
yeah I'm gonna talk about the
Neo Geo
Humble Bundle oh yes
you were commenting in chat about the whole controversy
around the emulators what's going on
yeah basically
nobody knows because
it kind of was
it did get
some coverage
but it wasn't like really big
but basically
on the day
that Humble got released
a friend of mine
a really close friend of mine called
FoxHack on Twitter
found some really interesting details
about the
where they got the
ROMs for the games
so basically
those ROMs came from
torrents
pirates torrents of those games
and you can find
them on the code they have
and also
a really big issue that
also came from
that is that the emulator
at first
was thought that it was
like an illegal
one at least for
for in this case
.emu to use
so
basically
after a day
the day after it happened
basically .emu came out and
replied to my friend
here that
the emulator was
gotten or was acquired by
GameTap
I think
and they have a legal use of it
but
some other details
appeared on this
I'm gonna
pretty much quote something
I have on the
sorry on the website
I have here
some thread basically on
name world
so if I'm following correctly
just to make sure because there's a lot of moving parts here
if I'm understanding this correctly
the pirated ROMs
Neo Geo grabbed them
and ended up turning around and selling them
which I have to admit
is kind of some funny irony
and honestly it's kind of like one of those
well I don't
this is gonna sound crazy
I don't see the problem in that
turnabouts fair play
this is not necessarily the problem
that they got the ROM from
an illegal torrent
it's more the
hold on
because Act F is gonna have a hard time
hold on Act F
they're gonna sue themselves what
seriously it's like
there's no way that whoever illegally put those up there
is gonna have any recourse
those are our files
but I think this is where you're going Act F
the problem is the emulator
because the emulator technically is nothing
that's not technically illegal
I know a lot of people use them for illegal purposes
but yeah if you include the
emulator you didn't pay for that
well that's not irony
somebody did program that
for homebrew stuff
and who knows what
that's a little bit of a different territory
than the ROMs themselves
yeah basically the ROMs are not the problem here
it's more like
they're pretty much lazy
and .emu has a really bad history
on laziness
doing ports and stuff
but that's not the issue here
the issue here is the emulator
and I'm gonna post
a post here on this thread that I linked on
on the chat
the problem is Nebula
uses the main
FM cores, Nebula being the emulator
they use
which even to this day we haven't got Jarek
a person who programmed
the emulator
to relicense for commercial use
it's one of the biggest sticking blocks
for relicense efforts
so unless Alsemi
another programmer there
specifically rewrote them
for this then it can simply
it can be legal
there's other main codes
in Nebula too so it's not really clear cut
as they make out
Nebula definitely uses main FM cores
and some of the main bits
I don't recall
so it probably wasn't legal for GameTap
to use it and it's likely
not for .emu
either unless they replaced
all of it
so a reply from that says
from Alsemi himself
one of the programmers
I can hardly remember who wrote them
it was many years ago
but GameTap had their own FM
68K
and C80 cores
that they plugged into Street Nebula
core and integrated them
in their platform
I just provided the code
and I was able to redistribute
only the code
written by me, Alsemi
and assistance on
how to plug the other cores
into their frontend
so to try and simplify
this for listeners who might have a hard time
following all this drama
especially with all these internal names of emulators
and so forth
I get the sense what's happening is that MAME
which of course is the multi arcade machine
emulator, very popular
multi arcade machine emulator
if I'm not mistaken it's open source
part of open source is that the source goes out there
but you don't have the right to resell it
am I correct?
basically
and so essentially if you're taking these MAME pieces
and putting it in your Neo Geo
emulator that I guess is being used
on the Steam platform
they're essentially selling MAME
and I'm really oversimplifying it
but they're essentially selling those MAME parts which is illegal
correct?
so that's kind of it
although if GameTap
in this case, sorry, DotEmu
says they got those licenses
from GameTap
which they acquired them legally
so there's not a big
problem here but
it's kind of shady because
they didn't
came through at first with this
and it's still
not clear where they got
at least in this case GameTap
how they got the code
or at least how they
they were selling those
ROMs
and enablers
well realistically I mean I could see it
one of two ways I could see that they just put the MAME
code in there because they were probably like fuck it
it's our game we'll do what we want
and I realize that's not what you're supposed to do
that could be
but I could also see that they could have contacted
GameTap to get that code because
I mean GameTap is
it's not with Turner anymore
they sold that years ago to an overseas company
they probably were able to get
they probably emailed somebody at GameTap
yo do you still have this code could we pay you like
pennies for this code and
GameTap was like oh yeah sure we don't have anything else
going on I mean
they could probably got
that GameTap code for pennies
I mean so
but I
don't know but this guy here
does say that he
gave the code written by him and assistance
on the other course so I don't know maybe they were able to get
the GameTap stuff but we don't know
and I don't think they're gonna exactly
be saying it I guess
we should be happy
I don't know to try and put a positive spin
on this even though I don't know there is one
it is being sold on Humble Bundle
which a lot of that goes to charity anyway
so yeah
that's something that a lot of people did
when they heard the story
break and when they
read my friend's Twitter
most people
they did want the game
so they
they gave all the money to charity
so at least something good came of it
so yeah
at least there's that but very
interesting I had no idea that that was
the drama but essentially it is that the
mame is basically being resold
potentially
and I can see where that's
ruffling a lot of feathers
thank you for the insight ActDeaf I'll make sure that the money
goes to charity when I pick it up
sure alright
well take care of my friend I'm gonna let you go so we can try to squeeze in
one more call ok?
hey thanks for coming on take care
alright there it is
one more call there
and we're gonna try to open it up for one more call
to squeeze in 1877 Game
OLR or a username on Skype
Orange Lounge Radio if you want to give us
a call I don't know why I keep giving out the phone number because I just said
it didn't work but when you say one
thing for hundreds and hundreds of episodes it's pretty
hard to get it out of your vocabulary
Loki any last minute
things you're pulling up there while we're waiting for one more
call potentially here?
just the HTC Vive has gotten some
sort of improvements and because
of that I want to say that it was
going to be pushed from
to April 2016
as far as
the release date and they're going to be showing offset
improvements at CES
interesting
alright
one last shout out for calls
Orange Lounge Radio all one word on Skype
it looks like it's working that's the good news
the only downside is I'm getting some of the Skype noises
there as I have to unmute and mute
the cell phone feed
from the
mixing board but that also means
I can play stuff from my iPhone
right there into the mixing board
that's kind of fun do you want to play some Flappy Bird?
have some Flappy Bird sounds?
want to do Ingress?
well I'm dumping my keys out of my
capsules because I had to put
them all in there when I was doing that fielding
which by the way it made checkpoints so that's good
hey congrats that's great did you go up on the leaderboards?
31 nice
make 100 slots available so I can give you some gear
when the show's over oh I've got tons
hook you up!
let's see
I guess that's it
we're not getting any other calls so I guess
we're well after 9 o'clock anyway so I think
I'll go ahead and close up the Skype line
there and thank you guys who
did get in and if you didn't get in you
can always email the show
participate at orangeloungeradio.com
is the place to send us an email I'm very sorry
I didn't get to the tweets tonight but my phone was being
taken up for something else so I'll
try to get to those next week
but that's going to do it for another
episode of Orange Lounge Radio
we're back weekly we will be
here on Sunday I think many shows you
listen to will be having
the week off and they probably deserve it
but since we already have taken several weeks off
we're going to be here next week and
the week after right on into
2016 and the 14th
year of Orange Lounge
Radio starting high school
and going through that very awkward puberty phase
that is going to be our 2016
here at Orange Lounge Radio
maybe our voices will start changing
we'll get a little deeper
get a little deeper here on Orange Lounge Radio
if you enjoyed the show please tell a friend
or seven about the show help us
spread the word we are the show
where every gamer has a voice but if the voices
aren't here then we can't
let them out there so please
spread the word tell a friend
give us a five star review on a site
like iTunes or Stitcher Radio or
wherever it is that you heard about
this program those reviews go an awful
long way and we appreciate them all
that's going to do it
I want to thank Rick for
being on the show tonight from Tipping Goat
Games everybody check that out Super Slam Dunk
Touchdown available on
Steam thanks to him for being here
and if you have an indie game
you want to check out be sure to email us
at Orange Lounge Radio participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
I definitely want to showcase more
hardworking indie developers as we
get into 2016 I met a lot of great ones
at GX and I hope to meet more at
MAGFest and whatever shows I show
up at in 2016
Dark
Sakura had to leave early tonight but
I'm sure if she had a final
thought she'd say something like reject
false icons we'll leave it at that but
Loki how about you what's your final
thought tonight as we head on out for the night
at least it's a short week
it is
I was going to try to get my game
done this year but I don't think it's going to happen
you only got a week and a half left
I've been trying to work on it but I've just
been mentally exhausted so
I actually have been working out
very slowly like maybe a
minute or two at a time
because like I literally come home brain
dead and between calls I don't have
enough time to like shift focus
like that so it's been a
rough year in some ways I mean I was going through
a lot personally especially in the first half of
the year like you guys know how long
some things were taken to get done and
a lot of that I kind of blame on some of my personal
life circumstance and that's getting better but
you know I stay pretty
busy with work and so forth so a lot of that
like I wanted to do more streaming and more video
production but it's just kind of slack this year
I'm really hoping to kick that into gear next year
so we'll see what happens
so anyhow
my final thought tonight is
thank you for spending your
holidays here with us at Orange Laundry radio
and I am so appreciative of the time
that you spend to take to listen to our show
and it was great to meet some of you over
at GX and I hope to meet many more of you
as 2016 moves on
have a great holiday
stay safe and
yeah those of you like
that are fighting like that email we had tonight
just try to work it out
if you can for the holidays
that's what the holidays are really all about
that and so much candy
that you go into a coma
enjoy the steam sale and the Xbox
sale and the Playstation sale they're coming
try not to binge on too many games this
week but enjoy it happy gaming
have a great holiday everybody we'll see you in
seven days
to join us for a live show
tune into
fog network.com Sunday nights
at 6 p.m. Pacific
9 p.m. Eastern
the views and opinions expressed in this
program do not necessarily reflect
those of the staff of Orange Lounge
Radio or VOG Network
but you know they were all still
true
see you next
week
thanks for watching
