Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio here live on this Sunday evening, July the 15th of 2007.
We're going through the E3 wrap-up, of course.
Now, I know you guys have probably been reading about it on the various blogs, but maybe there's
some things that we caught that maybe slipped off your radars, off the cracks.
And of course, you know, we didn't get to go to E3 this year, so we're just kind of
like a lot of you guys on the outside looking in.
And so we're kind of collecting our thoughts.
What do the people who weren't there think about it?
What are the gaming fans who didn't get to go to E3 this year really think about it?
Because hey, it's our money.
We're spending it.
So we're going to talk tonight about what we thought of the various news there from
E3.
And we talked about Nintendo and Microsoft and Part A. Let's go on to the last press
conference, which was Sony.
Yes.
And one of the big things coming from the Sony press conference, which some might say
is not really surprising, is a new PSP coming in September.
Not necessarily the PSP 2, but a redesigned PSP.
I guess people are kind of dubbing it PlayStation Portable Slim.
It's supposed to be 33% lighter, 19% slimmer, has a longer battery life, and is also going
to be having a video out on it as well, which is kind of cool.
We'll be retailing for $169.99, so the same price as a normal PSP now.
And we'll eventually replace those as well.
And it will be loaded with the 3.6 firmware, so probably seeing goodbye to homebrew with
that at least.
That's their hopes.
Other interesting things, it will be offered in three different colors, black, silver,
and white, all a little bit glossy, kind of like the DS Lite.
And also, the ice silver will be a part of a $1.99 entertainment package that's going
to be with a 1GB memory stick, Daxter, and Family Guy's freaking suite collection on
UMD.
Also, they're going to be releasing a white Star Wars themed PSP that will retail for
$1.99.
And also, it will be packaged with Star Wars Battlefront Renegade Squadron.
So that is coming in September.
Looks interesting.
I might actually sell my second PSP to get one of these as well, because I like the idea
of video out.
Video out does sound pretty cool, and I know a lot of people kind of wrote it off, like
whoop-de-doo, video out, you know, who cares.
But you know, it does make those UMDs at least a little more usable that you can have them
on your TV, but also, just getting to play, you know, some of these games, like the Final
Fantasy remake and stuff like on my big TV.
If you think about it, if you're looking at, you know, possibly just using this as like
even, you know, portable and stand-alone video player at home, if you don't want to buy DVDs,
a lot of these UMDs are going for like dirt cheap, and you can pick them up, you know,
probably use pretty, under five bucks, so.
How are they going to look when blown up to a big screen though?
They will be 480p, so it will look like a DVD.
It's not bad.
I guess they're encoded at DVD bit rates, it's just, it's shrunken down to the PSP screen,
so.
Really sharp.
It will be pretty sharp, I guess, on normal screen.
It shouldn't be too bad, I don't know.
Maybe it might be letterbox or something.
Yeah, I'm kind of excited about the video out, but the problem is I already own a PSP,
so I don't really want to buy a whole new one just for video out.
I have to admit, I'm a little bit disappointed this wasn't on the first, but I guess this
is how they get you to buy another one, I don't know.
Here's the thing though.
The video out uses the serial port that's on the bottom of the PSP.
Supposedly this one's redesigned.
I'm not sure if that's actually the case, but they're seeing it's redesigned.
So it's possible with this new firmware update 3.6 that maybe with the current ones you can
do that, but.
Please let that be the case.
It would be not, it wouldn't be too surprising if they don't mention that until later on.
Much like certain other stories we'll get into later, where they don't mention certain
aspects of things.
Alright, fair enough.
So do you think you'll pick up a PSP redesign?
I think I will just because I have two of them right now and I want to sell one of them
or at least get rid of it because I have no use for it right now, and that'd be a good
excuse to buy one of those because it wouldn't really cost me much.
The other thing though about it though, this is kind of a trend you'll see at the Sony
press conference, something that they've been denying and denying, yet people are saying
it's going to be happening and we've heard rumors and lo and behold, it's true.
Kind of a trend that's going along with it.
We shall see as we continue throughout the press conference stories here.
Well there is something that I have to say that I actually expected this.
You know with all of the rumors going around about exclusive game this and exclusive game
but I honestly, this is what I expected, is that Metal Gear Solid 4 is going to be exclusive
to the PS3.
Reaffirmed.
Not buying it.
Not buying it.
And this is why.
Okay, it may be a PS3 exclusive when it comes out.
I do not doubt that it's going to come to the 360 eventually because it would be dumb
for them to ignore the entire Xbox 360 user base.
It's not because they're plain sides or anything, it's just about money.
They want to sell as many copies of this as possible.
I wouldn't be surprised if we see a release on the Xbox 360 maybe later on.
I will be surprised.
I don't think it's going to happen.
I think it's going to stay on PS3.
I think it really all depends on sales.
I can totally see how it could happen where one of the Metal Gears ended up coming out
for GameCube later on.
I think the first Metal Gear was redone.
I could see something like that happening and this seems to happen a lot with the Metal
Gear series where it shows up on the Sony platform first and then kind of mutates into
a special edition thing that comes out on Xbox or whatever later on but a year later.
I could see something like that happening if the sales aren't strong enough on its own.
So it's really going to depend but a year is such a long wait that it's not going to
have a huge impact as far as the fanboys are concerned.
I think what you can count on, you can count on them not announcing another platform until
well after the game is out.
I think that is something that will be a given.
Unless, for whatever reason, Sony has a really shitty fourth quarter and they don't sell
that many units or whatever and it's looking like, hey, we're not going to sell that many
units of Metal Gear Solid 4, maybe we should rethink this exclusive thing because exclusives
change all the time.
I'm thinking Konami has not only done this with the Metal Gear series but Silent Hill
as well.
Silent Hill 2 was out on the PlayStation 2 first and the Wrestle Streams came out on
Xbox.
Little things like that happen.
Hit Stunt says, I wouldn't doubt if Konami is contractually obligated to say it's not
coming to any other system until the PlayStation 3 version comes out, just like the standard
six month delay like Metal Gear Solid 2 and Virtua Fighter 5.
But you know what?
It's good for them that they do have this because at least this is something, hey, maybe
this will sell a few systems for them.
They need all they can take.
Well, we'll see where that leads but nevertheless the Xbox 360 folks who were convinced it was
coming to their platform get a little bit of a setback.
I suppose hope is never lost but hope has been diminished quite a bit.
Speaking of exclusives, another exclusive that was announced on the PlayStation 3 is
Unreal Tournament 3.
Now it was only affirmed as a timed exclusive for the PlayStation 3 but that does mean if
you're a Sony fan and you got your PlayStation, you're going to get it first on the PlayStation
3.
As far as the timed thing, I could care less.
I think this is the much cooler part about it is that you're going to be able to use
mods on the PlayStation 3 and the PC version.
Now the PC version will come out a little later but that's kind of cool for the modding
community of which a game like Unreal gets a lot of this stuff is that the mods you make
for PC you're going to be able to use on PS3 as well.
That's cool.
And they're saying everything from just weapon mods to total conversions for it are going
to be available.
So that's tons of extra content for it which is awesome.
Now we need Duke Nukem 3D with mods and stuff and that'd be cool too.
We shall see.
What's pretty interesting about the whole Unreal Tournament 3 thing is as of May it
was actually going to be exclusive to the 360 so kind of flip-flopped there.
Amazing what money can do.
Something very interesting, probably a little bit surprising would be that NCSoft has actually
pledged support for the PlayStation 3 platform and are going to be releasing exclusive PlayStation
3 online games.
So not sure if they're actually going to be bringing their current titles over like
Lineage, Guild Wars, City of Heroes and stuff like that but they will be making at least
some of their current IPs and new IPs available for the platform.
So that's pretty awesome.
I think NCSoft is a pretty rad company and I like games like Guild Wars and so that's
pretty exciting that they're going to be bringing some more stuff to the consoles and if they
want to go with PlayStation 3 then good for them.
I'm sure Sony's very happy with that announcement.
I'm still waiting on those online games that they were talking about at E3 the year before.
Do you think that maybe some of those are being now ported to PlayStation 3?
I don't see why they weren't all that big graphic monsters.
Maybe if they did all of them at once but I think that their whole intention was having
a big service available to people just to come in and play.
That's what I want to see.
Do you think we might see Guild Wars 2 on the PlayStation 3?
I hope not.
Shit.
I hate MMOs on consoles.
Really?
MMOs should stick to freaking PCs unless they are specifically made for a console.
I disagree on Guild Wars because I believe since the whole format of Guild Wars is you
buy the game and you go online for free.
That really works for a console because they pay those monthly fees and stuff and then
maybe a little bit more casual and later on when they offer their expansions or whatever
you can download those as a microtransaction or whatever.
That would actually work very well for consoles whereas an MMO like Final Fantasy XI or something,
not as good as normal.
Interesting points.
We shall see what ends up happening.
Well, as far as other stuff, for people who wanted the 60GB PS3, it actually will get
it while you can because we're not going to be getting any more.
So yeah, let's cut the price and then get rid of them.
Seems to me like a clearance option.
Like Overstock, you know?
Buy all this.
It's a bait and switch is what it is.
Yeah, because the 80GB is going to be coming out for $600 next.
And it costs Sony less to make because they put the cheaper emulation thing in it.
That's a nasty fucking trick they played on the hardcore audience.
Most casual gamers aren't going to figure it out, but in my mind that was a bit of a
nasty trick.
They did the same thing though with the 20GB system.
It was only available until about December.
Despite what they say, it was unavailable to buy after about December.
And it's just to give you the impression that you really want that 20GB one, but you can't
find it and you really, really want the system so you're going to spend the extra hundred
dollars on it because you get this free game now and all that stuff.
But I don't know, I'm not surprised.
You know what sucks for our friends in Europe is that they're not getting a price cut.
Instead, what they're getting is a bundle with some first party titles and another six
axis controller for 115 pounds.
Which in my mind just reaffirms why Sony's doing this.
It's not so much about, oh, we're going to give the US a price cut.
It's about, oh, we need to stop losing so much money on the systems, so we're going
to give the US the system we've been putting out in Europe that costs us less to make.
Well, they'll be getting a choice to pick from Resistance Fall of Man, Motorstorm, Genji,
Days of the Blade, Formula One, Championship Edition, Ridge Racer 7, two of those plus
the two six axis controllers and it'll be available.
It's actually due on sale on the 18th of July for the UK and starting in Europe on the first
of August.
Well, if you want to get a PlayStation 3 and emulation is of a concern to you, maybe you
don't have a PlayStation 2 or PlayStation 1, this would probably be the time to get
it.
I mean, honestly, if there's one positive thing you could say about this is that it
does give you the chance to snatch up that system while you still can.
Be sure to read the labels carefully.
The new systems will show you.
It has a little warning about the emulation on the new box that says not all games are
actually playable.
Now, you know, it wouldn't be fair to mention this and then not mention, well, you know,
the Xbox 360 uses software emulation as well, so to rag Sony for cutting back on the emulation
may be a little bit unfair, I don't know, but however, I don't know.
You do still feel like the sense of loss with this whole little switch going on and the
fact that they're, you know, maybe I don't want to dig out my PlayStation 2 and I'm
going to go through all this to hook up my PlayStation 3.
I don't know.
All right.
Well, anyhow, let's go on to another game that was announced by Sony.
Now, this is something original and this is good because Sony needs to have more original
fun stuff, more original IPs to really differentiate themselves from Microsoft, and so they came
up with a game called Echo Chrome.
This is something that was introduced by Phil Harrison, and what's very interesting about
Echo Chrome is that the graphics are very simplistic.
They're black and white MC Escher-style drawings, and what's kind of cool, I watched a video
of this game in motion, is that the way you rotate the screen around will affect the way
the painting looks, thusly affecting the little runner that runs around the painting.
Now, there's little holes and little launch pads and little gaps that as you rotate the
screen become filled because of your perspective.
It's a very interesting type of thing for a puzzle game.
It's certainly not going to push the envelope as far as next-gen graphics are concerned,
but the graphics are crisp, according to folks that have seen it, crisp, clean, sharp graphics
that might actually be kind of fun.
But I look at this and I kind of go, this looks like it better be a download title.
I could not see myself paying 60 bucks for something like this.
It's going to be a download title.
Thank God.
It's also coming with a PSP.
Okay, cool.
Well, it's a download title that looks pretty rad.
That's right up there with some of the classics on Xbox Live Arcade.
It could be pretty awesome.
So good for them with something original that gets people going, oh, something new as opposed
to a sequel to the same old thing.
Other things that they're showing off there, one other thing for the redesigned PSP is
it's going to actually have an improved UMD slot there, so you're not going to have any
launched UMDs from dropping the system on the ground.
Also it's going to have double the RAM, so it's going to load those UMDs a little bit
faster.
Plus, it's supposed to make web browsing a little bit easier, be able to load some of
the larger pages out there and stuff.
Other things they were showing off, Gran Turismo 5.
It's going to be coming out, of course, next year at some point.
They're going to be releasing a Gran Turismo 5 prologue to the PlayStation Network.
That's going to be just like Gran Turismo HD, a little bit of a demo taste of it as
you will.
Also, they were showing home and some of the improvements done to that.
They've redesigned the whole lobby system for it.
It looks almost like an outdoor mall.
Also you'll be able to jump into multiplayer games with people as well.
That's pretty much the big stuff they were showing off on their network.
My only gripe with them, remember last week how we were talking about, oh yeah, they're
going to be bringing demos and videos to the PlayStation Network.
It's going to be just like the Xbox Live thing.
They're going to be bringing it home and stuff.
No they didn't.
They brought videos.
Great, because I can watch those all over the internet and stuff.
Not a single demo.
Bobby Blackwolf has asked why you're not mentioning Chewbacca.
Okay, Chewbacca announced the PSP redesign thing with Darth Vader.
Great.
At least that guy is still getting work.
Same thing we've done before for all of the other three conferences.
Chat room, I ask for your opinion as well.
What did you think of the Sony press conference?
Rate it on scale.
Tell me what you thought.
Who wants to go first?
Well right, Dark Soccer without resounding yawn.
Is that your summary?
Yeah.
Okay.
Short and sweet.
Loki.
I think their whole theme of promises, promises and not following through has kind of shown
through again this year.
The price cut, they made it look like a price cut but it's actually not a price cut which
is fucked up.
Not to mention some other stuff we'll get into a little bit later on that's also fucked
up especially if you buy a system now.
And just this whole, oh look at all these games that are coming out and not mentioning,
oh by the way they're not coming out until next year.
I do have to give them props on Killzone 2 though.
That looks fucking amazing.
And that is about the only thing.
Thank you for satisfying a chat comment before I read it.
Tigerclaw was just complaining, we forgot to mention the new Killzone 2 trailer.
I didn't forget to mention it.
I didn't mention it on purpose.
It looks really good and it's actually, it's a game I want to buy now because it looks
kind of like Resistance a bit.
You know, Resistance with a little bit of Gears of War thrown in there and I think that's
pretty awesome.
It impressed me a lot more than Halo 3 did.
So you know, props to them for that but the problem is it's not coming out this year.
So once again you're show me shit that, you know, I'm not going to buy your Playstation
3 for these games that are coming out next year.
At least I wouldn't be buying it if I didn't have one right now this holiday season which
is really where it's going to count for you guys.
It's, I'll be buying it when it comes out, you know, actually in the summer of next year
or whatever.
So it doesn't do them any good for this holiday.
Once again, if they don't come out with something amazing, they're going to lose out on another
holiday.
It's really going to hurt them.
The only thing I really care about coming out of there is, of course, Silent Hill 5
and I really want Metal Gear Solid 4.
As far as my thoughts on Sony's press conference, you know, I said before last week that Nintendo
had the most to lose going into E3 and Sony had the most to gain.
Getting a new Civ game?
Well, yeah, but that's, well it's also coming on Xbox 360 though.
I downloaded the trailer and I'm pretty excited about that.
But that's different.
You know, I think Sony did a way better job than they did last year.
I think, you know, they certainly changed the tone of their press conference and had
it a little well oiled and got the kinks a little better, worked out this year.
But I still walked away from it being more excited about the PSP than the Playstation
3.
And I don't know if that's a good sign.
This whole bait and switch leaves a real bad taste to my mind.
Here's the problem.
Last year, remember, last year it was all, oh, Gran Turismo 5, it's going to be like
Gran Turismo HD and stuff, but better and all this stuff.
No Gran Turismo 5 this year.
And then this, you know, the E3, ooh, Gran Turismo 5, it's so awesome and stuff.
You know, and it does look really good, but Project Gotham 4 also looks really good.
And if this game is going to take, you know, until Summer 08 to come out, they're going
to have Project Gotham Racing 5, which is going to look even more amazing.
And it's just, it's all this promising of really good games that are coming out way
later.
That's the problem.
It's not like Microsoft where it's like, here's these great games, they're coming out this
Fall.
You know, get excited for them because they're right around the corner, whereas this stuff
is coming way later on.
Yeah, I kind of feel the same way as that.
You know, it sounds like I'll have a lot more to get excited about with the Playstation 3
at next year's E3.
Exactly.
Like Final Fantasy XIII is there, but is it going to be too late?
I don't know.
Or remember, like, you know, they're showing LittleBigPlanet, that's next year.
They're talking about Home, which I hope that's this year.
I mean, it's, yeah, I don't know.
So it's just disappointing in that sense.
I don't know.
Part of me on a scale of 1 to 10 wants to give Sony a question mark for, I just don't
know.
Like, their press conference looks like the town of Silent Hill.
There's too much haze around everything for me.
I will give them, I will reward them for their PSP redesign, even though, you know, they're
taking the old ones away or whatever's supposed to be happening.
You know, I give that good points, but the Playstation 3, although some games look cool,
I'm not completely blown away, but I give them credit.
I give them the most improved player award.
I would give their conference a 6.
Explain this to me.
Why should I get a PS3 with a larger hard drive when there's nothing to download for
it?
There's trailers for movies, there's trailers for games, there's literally less than ten
demos online, and there's a handful of, you know, Playstation download titles.
So am I buying this larger hard drive system for, you know, so I can dump some of my games
stuff to the hard drive so it can cache the system and make it run faster since the Blu
Ray drive's too slow?
I mean, it's, they haven't really shown me why we need to buy a system with a larger
hard drive in the first place.
They're really pushing, trust me, hard drive space is not what's holding people back from
buying your system.
Black Wolf says, going to chat room, all three companies pretty much surrendered the press
conferences.
Flora Dean says, Sony fails three.
Dark Tetsuya says, I liked everything I saw except the new Ratchet and Clank, which should
just be released on Playstation 2 if it's not already.
SSJ100Matt says, Sony, they showed everyone what they wanted, games, Killzone 2, Unreal
3, etc.
They showed that the Playstation 3 has real future, solid B+, A-.
You know what, I will give them credit for this and maybe, actually, maybe I'll bump
up my score to a seven for this sole reason, the eye of judgment was nowhere to be seen.
So I will bump up Sony's score to seven for scrapping that piece of shit.
They showed it on the show floor, so that was there.
We're great in the conference, so I'll give them the bonus point.
I will give them the same as I gave Nintendo a six, just because it's promises, and I think
there's going to be, you know, where the disappointments were with the whole...
Black Wolf says, eye of judgment was not on the floor.
Well, I saw a video of it, so I know that it was there in some...
Maybe behind a door that maybe...
Bobby didn't look behind.
Well, it was there, they were showing it, but, you know, I just...
I think people are going to get...
It's going to be a whole line of disappointments with Sony, and that's just...
As we go through the fourth quarter, it's just going to be disappointment after disappointment.
I think the PlayStation 3 is really set to go the same way as the PSP.
It's not going to get really, really cool until like three years later, or two or three
years later.
Yeah, unfortunately.
Kind of interesting.
All right.
Black Wolf says it might have been in their invite-only hotel suite.
He wanted to ask about the copying of cards just for you, about going to Kinko's and making
your own cards.
Here's their reasoning behind it.
They're saying...
They basically didn't give a reason.
There's no copy protection on the cards, but their thing was, you know, it would be like
playing Magic the Gathering with someone with photocopied cards.
Like you'd really play someone with photocopied cards.
That was their reasoning behind it.
So in other words, yes, you can copy the cards or download images off the internet instead
of buying booster packs and copying the card stock, and it'll work just fine.
The Rob D. asks, the PSP is really, really cool?
I might buy a PSP for the emulation.
All right, maybe less of the really, really.
But you know, the PSP has never been solely a gaming system.
I do respect the system for everything else it can do, like being kind of a little mini
media kit.
But yeah, there's some pretty cool stuff that have come out for it in the past year.
I think they can't be ignored.
But did you notice, though, that they're kind of making the PSP out now to be almost like
more of an iPod or a Zune or something?
Because now it has a video out thing on it, and you're going to be able to charge it using
the USB cable on there as well.
So if you're on the go, you can charge it and stuff.
And then of course, memory stick prices are coming down quite a bit.
So I don't know.
It's interesting.
Their PR department is so horrible, so horrible, and their upper management needs to shut the
hell up.
It's not helping them.
And I know Ken Kutaragi's gone now because he was making dumb statements before and stuff.
But my god, Kazurai is not any better.
It's not any better with him.
All right, well, there you have it.
Our thoughts on the Sony press conference.
Let's go now to some more listener feedback via the email bag, because we love to get
emails.
And if you weren't in our chat room tonight and you want to give your two cents to the
press conferences or anything you saw at E3, send us an email, mailbag at orangelauntrader.com,
because Dark Sakura opens up the mailbag every week and reads a few of her favorite pieces
of email here with us.
So Dark Sakura?
Hee hee hee, Captain Crayola.
Jump in the mailbag and pull something out for us, will you?
Email.
Hi, OLR crew.
I guess this is where I should say I'm a long time listener, but a first time emailer.
I first heard about your show from Bobby Black Wolf.
He's an old friend of mine from the days when we were moderators on the forums for a TV
channel that are left unmentioned and have been listening to the podcast on and off for
about a year.
I always find the show enjoyable and you've become one of my mainstays for relatively
unbiased or biased in a way that matches my own opinions at gaming news.
Recently I listened to the podcast of your five year plus one episode and I have a bone
to pick with Loki and Rob regarding the Harvest Moon series.
Loki is on record as enjoying sandbox games and the Harvest Moon series fits this description
to a T. The games have something for everyone.
Real time strategy fans can strategize to get the most crops each season, those who
enjoy dating sims can and most of the games date the NPCs, culminating in creating a family.
Action fans can have fun catching fish, chopping down trees and planting endless fields of
grass, RPG fans can engage in as many tedious and pointless quests as have ever been found
in one game.
There are no expectations and certainly no requirements for the manner in which one plays
the game, what's not to love.
Not liking the series because farming isn't for you makes more sense than disliking them
because all the games are the same.
After all doesn't Halo do the same thing?
Anyway my husband and I love the show and are looking forward to listening for years
to come.
Thanks for brightening up our week.
Yours the black monster.
P.S. this email was written on a G4 titanium power book.
I'll address this.
It's not a sandbox game, it's a sim for one.
It's a farming sim and granted yeah it has RPG elements and stuff like that, much like
Animal Crossing is also like a sim.
It's basically you're doing tasks and stuff.
Same kind of thing.
Let's go for the game.
My problem with it, and you may want to compare it to Halo I guess, yeah Microsoft isn't releasing
eight copies of the game a year.
I mean seriously there are so many Harvest Moon games they're saying that are different
but aren't really different.
Like there's the Harvest Moon Boys and Girls which I'm going to take a wild guess and say
it's probably just like the Harvest Moon Boys and Girls on the GameCube and stuff like that.
There's the whole innocent life of futuristic Harvest Moon or something like that which
was just like a futuristic setting, still farming and still all the same stuff.
Great if that's for you, awesome.
It's not a sandbox game.
This is not Grand Theft Auto farming.
See this is the problem is that this game doesn't involve guns and violence.
That's where your problem is.
The problem is it doesn't change.
It's not innovating any.
I mean it's farming.
Okay great.
Are there different crops this time?
Oh goody.
I mean it's not like you have a crop or something and you have to fight off the man who's trying
to steal your property to build a mall or something on it.
I think what's going on here is that sandbox is kind of being seen as a very general term
where Loki likes a very specific type of sandbox game like the 3D jump, shoot, find, destroy
rape type of sandbox game.
Sandbox games are basically games you can go in there and do whatever you want and tackle
it however you want.
This is a farming, this is a sim game.
You start off with crops, you tend to the crops and stuff and it's a farming sim with
RPG elements.
From my perspective I've tried Harvest Moon.
I played the one on the GameCube and I just couldn't get into it.
I think for me there was just kind of like too much going on at once.
It didn't have that kind of simplicity that Animal Crossing had but I don't know.
I guess maybe I need to give the series another look because if I like Animal Crossing I should
like something like Harvest Moon but I just wasn't feeling it.
There was nothing to keep me coming back.
What they need to do is instead of releasing four or five titles a year of Harvest Moon,
just release one good title of Harvest Moon each year and do it that way.
Put some more effort into the game instead of just rehashing the same thing and giving
a new coat of paint.
A devil's advocate, I have to, I may not agree with what I'm about to say but devil's advocate
I have to.
Doesn't DDR do the same damn thing?
Yes it does.
It does the same damn thing and that's another reason why that series is starting to go downhill.
It's because that's all they do is just give it a new fresh coat of paint, change the colors
of the menu or something and then just add some new songs and that's it and expect you
to buy it.
Can we talk about something other than Harvest Moon now?
Absolutely.
This next email is super cool.
Dear OLR crew, this is Rama the Blind from Indonesia.
I finally wrote my second email to you and I hope I could share some video game related
contents that might interest you all and all of your listeners.
First of all, I would like to announce that I finally bought a Wii.
That's because I've got nostalgia for old Nintendo systems so I wish I could play some
of the old classic games via virtual console or perhaps I could hear my friends play the
games as my condition makes me impossible to play all the games.
I tried experimenting with the Wiimote and discovered that Wii bowling is actually playable
by the blind.
Even though I cannot control the ball accurately, the game is still fun for the blind.
By measuring the distance between both sides, left and right TV screen, I can move my Wii
mote within the range and that's how Wii bowling becomes playable as I don't need to see the
screen.
Right now, I'm still trying some other Wii titles and I hope I could discover more games
for blinds to play.
I wish that Nintendo could make a research about this and perhaps create accessible contents
for the blind to purchase.
So you guys, do you have any comments about this?
Well I appreciate hearing back because it's always interesting to hear from this kind
of like perspective that doesn't often get enough recognition at large in gaming blogs
and things.
There were sound games on the Saturn back in the day.
Why can't Nintendo do that?
I'm actually going to turn around and ask another question.
I'm really curious because I bet this email was sent in before Nintendo's press conference
this week.
I'm really curious what this emailer thinks about some of these other new innovations
like Wii Fit and some of these other directions that Nintendo's going that has a little more
to do with movement.
That makes sense.
Well, email us back, actually I'm going to have to ask him to email us back because of
the next part.
Did you have a comment?
Oh, I was just going to say that unfortunately blind gamers are such a small percentage of
their demographic that I don't think you're ever going to see anything that's really dedicated
to it unless you get some independent company out there that's really gearing towards that.
There's no reason for them to make sound based games unless they can do something pretty
innovative because there was some stuff on the Game Boy Advance that was just part of
that bit generation series but it's just unfortunately blind handicapped and stuff.
It is such a small area for them that there's unfortunately not going to see much publishers
out there focusing on that.
What about something that would make the existing games more accessible to the audience?
That's great if they can do something like that.
I sort of think about how Windows has the zoom feature and those other types of accessibility
options.
Could a game console adapt something similar?
That's possible.
I don't know.
World Combat Armageddon though would probably be a lot easier to play.
You can waggle the thing around and throw...
Broadcalibur!
Anyhow, sorry.
Let the email finish.
The next part is another thing I would like to share is a Final Fantasy concert held in
my country.
Actually, this is the second one as the concert was also held last year but it was still enjoyable
especially in Indonesia where video game music is rare to find and game music concert is
like a distant dream.
You did say you uploaded pictures and videos from the concert.
I want your permission before I make that public to chat.
Or if you would like to go into our forum at orangelesradio.com and make a thread about
it then we would appreciate you sharing it with everybody that way.
I wish in the future another video game music concert will again be held here perhaps by
video game music live or play a video game symphony.
I think that's all for now.
Take care and have a good show.
Thanks for the show and let you guys know that you have yet another developer listening.
Feel free to write if you have any questions or issues I can help with.
I'm just going to use the nickname hero antagonist.
You know, it's funny.
I heard back from the developer that emailed us previously and he was willing to do an
ask a developer type segment.
So maybe we can get this guy in on it too and have some type of like round table thing
on a later show.
That might be kind of fun especially during the next few months.
It might be a little bit slow before we get into the fall rush of game news.
It might be kind of fun to do an ask a developer round table.
So please write us back if you'd be willing to participate.
You can contact me directly or send back the email back, whatever, because we're going
to try definitely doing something like that in the future.
This one's short.
Hey, OLR.
I know I'm kind of late with this one, but happy belated birthday, OLR.
You guys are awesome and keep it up.
Ron.
Thank you, Ron.
Thank you.
Did you bring us a present?
I'm sorry.
You said Ron and I think of Potter Puppet Pals.
Stop.
It's Snape.
Let's bother him.
No.
This last one.
Hey, guys.
I just want to say I love the show and what do you think about young gamers on online
games that they really shouldn't play?
I'm 14, so I really shouldn't be talking.
I just wanted your opinion.
Sincerely, Christian.
Who says you shouldn't talk if you're 14?
I mean age.
Age is a number.
Age is a number.
Maturity is everything.
I think if you can play a game maturely and that doesn't mean you have to play adult or
act adult.
You can have fun but still be mature and by that I mean you don't go onto Xbox Live and
yell NNNFFF and all those words that people scream on Xbox Live.
If you can have fun and have that self-deprecating humor and laugh and have a good time, then
fun doesn't have an age limit.
I am totally supportive of 14-year-olds playing online games.
If your parents are aware and if you're getting all your homework and all your other life
obligations done, it's not cutting into that, I think it's just like watching Nickelodeon
or whatever else is on TV.
I do have a suggestion.
What?
Use periods when you type.
He's 14.
Give him a break.
I had perfect grammar when I was 14.
Let's dig up some of your high school papers and check.
Honestly?
No, I really don't care that much.
I can say it because I can prove it.
I can back it up.
If you're typing on an MMO and you have something to say, something my granddaddy used to always
say, I will quote a bit of wisdom, put brain in gear before mouth in motion.
In this case, put brain in gear before typing, I guess.
Kevin DDR in chat would like to point out, I am a 14-year-old playing online games so
you're not alone.
Well, you're not alone.
There we go.
It's just a matter of just thinking before you do something.
I was playing online games at 14 only when I was 14 the online games we had to play were
Legend of the Red Dragon, Trade Wars, The Pit, and so on and so on and if you catch
my references, you're a winner.
Is that it?
That's it.
All right.
If you'd like to send us an email, mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
By the way, I give everybody a hard time for their grammar so don't worry about it.
Mine's really not all that great.
Well, it's really better than Rob's on AIM though.
I will say that.
All right.
Anyhow, shut up.
We will get on to some other news coming out of E3 that didn't necessarily have to do with
the press conferences.
Actually, I want to spend a little time talking about music games because that's how we started.
That's our roots.
We need to talk about some of the music games that were going on at E3 and some of the events
that happened this week outside of E3.
Let's start with a game that was coming out from EA.
It's called Boogie.
EA announced the soundtrack to the game called Boogie.
It comes with a karaoke microphone and it's actually on the Wii.
They were trying to put together basically a lot of generations of hits.
In this game, you're supposed to be able to dance, sing, and make music videos using the
Wii controls.
That should be interesting.
Some of the songs that will be in this game, ABC by the Jackson 5, Brick House by the Commodores,
Canned Heat by Jamiroquai, Love Roller Coaster by the Red Hot Chili Peppers, Let's Get It
Started by the Black Eyed Peas, Love Shack by the B-52s, Milkshake by Kelis.
That's so rad.
One Way.
That's the song we got to get Loki to play.
One Way or Another by Blondie, Groove is in the Heart by Delight, Girls Just Want to Have
Fun, Cyndi Lauper, Get the Party Started by P!nk, Fergalicious by Fergie.
There's another Loki song.
YMCA by the Village People, Can't Touch This by MC Hammer, SOS by Rihanna, Oops I Did It
Again by Britney Spears.
It's a pretty fun list that brings across all generations there, so very cool.
If you want to see the full list, it's there at ea.com slash ea-tracks.
Another game coming out from EA, Rock Band.
Should be pretty interesting.
They announced some tracks at E3.
Let's see, we've got The Who with Won't Get Fooled Again, Mountain with Mississippi Queen,
David Bowie, Looks Like a Suffragette City, Black Sabbath Paranoid, Blue Oyster Cult Don't
Fear the Reaper, The Ramones, Rockaway Beach, Rush with Tom Sawyer, Bon Jovi with Wanted
Dead or Alive, Nirvana in Bloom, Stone Temple Pilots Vaseline, Weezer Say It Ain't So, Foo
Fighters Learn to Fly, Metallica Enter Sandman, The Hives, Main Offender, The Strokes, Reptilia,
and Queens of the Stone Age Go with Flow.
Now I heard in this game you'll be able to use the microphone as claps or a tambourine,
so I demand this mix have Stevie Nicks somewhere in it, Fleetwood Mac, whatever you have to
do to do it.
But you cannot have a game where you play the tambourine and not represent Miss Stevie
Nicks because that would just be awesome.
All kinds of awesome.
But the sound list sounds pretty neat so far.
It does.
And some other really cool things that they're going to be doing with the download content
is you'll be able to download whole albums at a time when you're playing this game.
One of the albums that they're going to have available is going to be for Metallica, and
I believe they're also announcing the Who's Who's Next album is also going to be available.
Wow, that's pretty hardcore.
That has the possibility of being a pretty awesome game.
That's one reason I'm sad I didn't go to E3.
I would have liked to play that.
They also promise new content every week.
For how long?
If it takes off, I'd say probably a year.
For a year?
Oh my gosh.
That's something that could just keep going, though.
I think that's great.
That's going to be very interesting to see what that does.
Quite ambitious.
Harmonix gets it, you guys.
They get it.
Rock Band teams with MTV, I'm sorry.
It's going to take off.
It's kind of interesting to see what's going to happen to Guitar Hero this year because
they've almost got them beat at their own game.
I realize there's a guitar and drum element in this game that makes this...
I hope somehow poppy songs can... because I love poppy songs as well as rock songs.
I hope somehow they can be integrated into this game one way or another.
I don't know.
There's just a weird side of me that would like to be able to sing just the weird songs
you wouldn't expect in this game.
I want Rock Band 2 or whatever to have different instruments.
Yeah.
Rock Band 2 Electric Boogaloo.
Hopefully Rock Band 2 gives us a little more so we can sing different songs.
It would be damn hard to do a keyboard-style thing, though.
Please give me keyboard.
Please give me keyboard.
The format that they have set up for that, I doubt very seriously that would be possible
unless it's like...
I don't care.
...seven keys.
It's USB.
How hard could it be?
I'm talking about screen format.
Oh, screen format.
Yeah, especially when you've got the voice track, guitar, all this other business going
on on the screen and your animation going on.
Doing keyboard mode is not going to be...
I'm trying to think of the way that they have the Guitar Hero-style play going in.
They're not going to be able to do keyboard that way.
They could do it with keyboard mania because you had a full screen.
It was something that you could spread out, something that required the whole screen.
You couldn't have it coming at you and have it lay out to the keyboard format.
Dark Sakura, Destroyer of Dreams, everybody.
I'm just being realistic, Rob.
I understand.
Rob, there is no Easter Bunny.
I hate you.
There was no bunny hanging out at Easter.
Can we please move on?
Yes, please.
Hey, it's my turn, isn't it?
I have good news.
Well, it would be good news if it was still 1991, wouldn't it?
Oh, please read the story now.
I know what's coming.
Which, our curly-haired, top-hat-wearing hero of Guns N' Roses, currently a velvet revolver,
is a boss in Guitar Hero 3.
Buckethead is cooler!
I'm done.
I absolutely agree this news would have been ten times cooler in 1991, but it's still kind
of cool.
You have to admit, having Slash in the game, that is kind of cool because, you know, those
of us that remember Slash from our high school days are a little bit more grown-up now and
can spend the money on things like Guitar Hero 3, and there is a certain cool factor
to having Slash in the game.
You know, Guitar Hero 3 knows they're going to really have it in for them with this whole
rock band thing coming out, but I think it could be pretty cool.
Again, it all boils down to Songlist for me.
It's almost like this year's lineup, EA has it in for Activision.
I mean, they've got Skate coming out with Tony Hawk's Proving Ground coming out later.
Rock band and, I don't know, I guess with licensed games, you know, The Simpsons and
stuff.
Activision has a lot to lose if they don't innovate.
Could you imagine, though, the kind of Guitar Hero that they would have in 1991, like for
the Nintendo?
Super Nintendo was out at that time.
Something like that, though, would be a Genesis game.
It would be on Sega CD.
I want to say there was something like it, but there really wasn't.
I think the closest thing we had was Chris Cross's Make Your Own Music video.
And then we also had the CD plus G karaoke discs.
Exactly.
Anyway.
I have the Marky Mark 1, Rob.
GK128 says, Fuck Slash, Guitar Hero needs a college rock edition featuring Frank Black
from the Pixies and Jay Mascis from Dinosaur Jr.
I love you, officially.
You know what we need?
We need like late 70s, early 80s rock like Enitho and some Joy Division for me.
That'd be great.
And some Bauhaus.
Well, speaking of music games and going over to Konami, kind of talking about what they're
up to, Supernova 2 was tested this week, and some of the news has been a little bit lost
in the shuffle of all the E3 news, but if you head over to a site like BomaniStyle.com
that dedicates themselves to all the music game news, you can get some of the latest
wrap ups from the fans out there playing the location test.
And the whole list of those extra songs that are in the game has shown up.
There's some interesting covers in it, including Come Clean, which if I remember right was
like a Hilary Duff song, I think.
One of those little girls from the Disney Channel.
Faint, which if I'm not mistaken is a Linkin Park cover, is in there.
That should be interesting.
Waiting for Tonight.
Me Against the Music.
Some interesting covers there.
It's very interesting that Konami sticks with all these covers, not the real things.
I don't know.
Well, anyway, some other reports that come in from the updates.
Marvelous ratings in Supernova 2 don't seem to award more points than perfects, and for
some reason seemed easier to obtain than usual.
Strings of perfect ratings will by no means hamper a great song rating.
Konami finally has spelled Marvelous the right way, with one L, and it's a solid silver
color.
Let's see.
If a player is able to receive all perfects or better, the triple A rating on the results
screen will feature the text, full perfect combo.
Interesting.
Some other news there.
There's an extra stage that has a background video with Black Roses, people and other things
that are going on.
I guess the song is called Unreal.
There's an introduction video to DDR Has Returned.
There hasn't been one of those in a little while.
They say since 4th Mix there.
But they say some of the songs feel a little off sync.
People were complaining that some of the older songs from DDR Extreme and DDR Supernova didn't
feel quite right.
It wasn't off sync by much, but they were bitching it was off sync.
It should also be noted that they were also bitching that the pads being used on the location
test machine were not perfect, which might be a good point to reiterate that maybe it's
time for Konami to come out with some new pads that are a little better with the technology
that's a little newer.
Not to mention, if you guys remember the original Supernova Beta test, same issues, that stuff
was off sync.
It's just because it's a test.
Gerardimo says Me Against the Music by Helen is better than the original.
Gerardimo also says that that actually was not the extra stage.
I guess there's a little bit of confusion going on there.
I did hear that there was actually a song called No that was the extra stage, and there
was one other one, I think, called Kano or something as well.
Let's see, Black Wolf says only in DDR is perfect and not good enough.
Nice.
For DDR fans who are looking to get back into arcades, also the rumor is EMUs is coming
with Supernova 2, which you might remember from the Japanese Bomani games, it never really
came over here, but the rumor is the test machine had the EMUs set up on it.
So that's kind of interesting.
We'll see where that goes.
It could make up for lack of memory cards.
Maybe.
Hopefully.
I don't know.
So I don't know.
This is, I guess, cool that there's new content coming out for Guitar Hero 2 for the Xbox
360, and the new pack actually is going to have a few more songs in there, but at the
same time, I want to be sedated, smoke on the water, and you've got another thing coming.
It's still going to be 500 Microsoft points, or $6.25, and guess what?
Because people that did download it before, the first pack, over 300,000 of you, they
just showed Activision that, guess what?
That price point is still good, so we're not lowering the price.
So if you want them to lower the price, don't buy it.
So in other words, those prices aren't coming down anytime soon because too many people
actually supported the old packs, even though we told them not to.
Yes.
Well, I don't know about you guys, but that news that the prices are not coming down for
this old shit from Guitar Hero 1 makes me a little bit angsty, and you know what that
means.
Time for the FUs of the week.
Dark Sakura, please do us the honors and start us off.
My FU goes to my stomach, because I haven't, well, technically myself I should say, because
I haven't put anything in it since 12 o'clock today, and I'm very hungry.
So FU on the human dependency on food for sustenance.
Loki.
You know, I was going to have something petty to complain about, but I just realized something.
DDR hasn't had another download pack since the launch of the fucking universe game.
Where the fuck are the downloads?
Shit, universe 2 is right around the corner, where the hell is my goddamn downloads for
universe 1?
Or did you just forget to do that, kind of like the carry of your revolution pen discs?
Want to know my theory?
They ain't coming because the song packs were all already on the disc, and that's all they
made.
That's my theory.
Fuck them for that.
That's it.
My FU of the week goes to the fact that I have to move in two weeks and I still don't
have a place to live.
That's a little bit frustrating, but hopefully all will be better very soon and I'll have
a place, because that would be nice, because otherwise I'm going to cry.
Let's move on to some other news.
Now we're going to get into some news that, you know, some other things picked up around
this week.
Not necessarily at E3, but some of them are, some of them aren't.
Dark Soccer?
Well, there is some other stuff.
Disney has actually purchased War Inspector, their Junction Point Studios, so now we'll
be getting some new games and Disney is going to have some stuff coming to the new consoles.
War Inspector brought us the Deus Ex, Thief, Deadly Shadows, System Shock.
I really don't know how to feel about this.
I'm hoping that it's going to be good for getting the new games, and I mean, maybe it'll
mean that we get a Tron game, can I beg?
Besides the old recycled ones we're getting on Xbox Live?
Seriously.
Well, there's a quote on here saying, War Inspector's unique talents as leading creative
forces in the world of video games, his knowledge and passion for Disney, his legacy of storytelling
and character development adds a unique creative dimension to our portfolio, and it's from
the Executive VP of Disney Interactive.
So maybe, maybe we'll get some good.
Well, Disney's been up to a lot of wheeling and dealing lately.
They at E3 announced a new online service that will be on all of their DS titles.
It's called D Gamer, and it's going to be first in the Chronicles of Narnia game that's
coming out for the DS, and basically what D Gamer's going to do is it's going to turn
your Nintendo DS into Xbox Live of sorts.
There will be avatars, you can chat with other people, and you can look at the achievements
that your friends have unlocked.
Interesting that it took a third party to do this.
So the system is more than capable of handling this type of technology, it's just that Nintendo
doesn't want to do it.
Interesting, and interesting that somebody has decided to step up and do it, if not just
for their own games.
But let's face it, there's a certain audience that gets a lot of these Disney games that
come out, you know, the Hannah Montana games and the That's So Raven game, that will benefit
from this, whereas the rest of us hardcore gamers that are too cool to go out and buy
a Chronicles of Narnia video game, are going to be sitting here going, gosh, I wish I had
something like that when I was playing, you know, the games I'm playing, like Pokemon,
even though that's not much cooler.
Anyway.
Because Rob really likes Hannah Montana.
Sad.
Another disappointment, well, still rumors that the 6-axis controller is going to be
rumbling soon, in fact, it's been confirmed by a few different places, one of which is
supposedly a Sony employee, apparently, I guess, Sony employee confirmed directly to
Kotaku that the 6-axis will be rumbling soon.
Of course, shortly afterwards, immersion comes out saying, hey, we're making a TouchSense
rumble controller for the Playstation 3 in September.
So if a third-party company is making it for the Playstation 3 in September, because why
the hell would you add rumble to your controllers if, I don't know, there wasn't rumble coming,
because that would be kind of stupid, I don't know, that's very interesting.
But Sony is still denying it, saying, hey, yeah, it's not coming, you know, this is all
rumor, blah blah blah blah, but then again, last week, they were also saying, hey, we
have no plans on cutting the Playstation 3 price, or, you know, hey, the 60-gig system
is going to be $4.99 and we're going to be still producing them, you know, that kind
of stuff.
Let me put it this way, rumble isn't so last gen after all, oh yeah, exactly, I'm going
to take a wild guess and say it's probably coming this fall.
And so when you buy your Playstation 3 systems, guess what, you get to buy new controllers,
much like the Playstation 1, if you remember.
Devil's advocate, could the rumble in these controllers be for the backwards compatible
games?
It would be weird to see them, it could possibly, I guess, for that, but right now, as far as
I'm aware, I don't think the rumble, like, stuff is in there, I don't know.
I guess it's possible, it just, but they'd be kind of weird to buy a controller just
for the backwards compatible games.
Yeah, because that would imply that somebody bought a Playstation 3, you would totally
skip the Playstation 2, and I can't think that that's a very large audience.
And I can't imagine that that, like, programming or whatever would be built into the emulation
either, you know what I mean, so, I don't know, it'd be an interesting theory, but I
think it's coming.
Alright, well we shall see what Sony does in the upcoming months.
Sony's going to eat crayon pie is what they're going to do, well, except this, this is redemption
I think, they did a point that hinted to a coming of something, ok, I'm just going to
say it, Silent Hill 5 has been announced for the Xbox 360 and Playstation 3, which I'll
probably get it on PS3, I'm happy.
Oh my god, that's such a surprise, a Silent Hill game coming soon!
It is Silent Hill 5 and I don't care, so, gimme.
Here we go though, how would you feel, now we all know that Akira Yomoka is doing the
music and that's all sorts of rad because that's some of the best part of the Silent
Hill games, but Dark Sakura, how would your inner fangirl feel if I told you that Silent
Hill 5 is not being developed by Team Silent, but in fact is being developed by the team
that brought you Mark Echo's Getting Up and the first Buffy the Vampire Slayer game on
the Xbox.
The first Buffy game was really good.
Alright, so your inner fangirl may give this a chance?
As long as my man does the music.
Alright, yeah, so Akira Yomoka, they did announce is doing the music, so, alright, there you
go.
That's too much metal for one hand.
There was lots of Silent Hill news this week, because you know, Origins looks like they've
completely redone it from the time you and I saw it.
Yeah, it actually looks really good now.
That's why it's getting pushed back from the end of last year.
Thank god, see, you know.
They completely redid that stuff, and then of course Silent Hill Arcade, which I had
my fangasm over in part A. Seriously, if you haven't seen the videos, it's so rad.
I don't want to spoil what happens, but like the battle with Pyramid Head ends in like
the raddest way.
Oh my god, like, fangasm all over.
It's awesome.
And yes, I am a fanboy for Pyramid Head and Silent Hill, I will admit it.
Anyhow, I'm also a fanboy for price drops, and I was kind of hoping, like many of you,
that Microsoft would announce one this week at E3.
Well, you know what?
There was an interview from 1UP with Shane Kim, and they were talking to him.
He's of course the corporate VP at Microsoft Game Studios.
They were asking him about the whole, you know, what does Xbox 360 need to win, and
where's the price drop?
Well, Shane Kim doesn't completely count out a price drop.
In fact, he says, stay tuned.
We didn't announce anything here.
Didn't feel the need to.
July is a very odd time to announce a price reduction.
I'm not even sure Sony announced a price reduction anyway, because, you know, the whole bait
and switch thing going on.
So they said we didn't feel the need to do it at E3.
So they're not cutting it out of the picture.
It might just not be, you know, coming for a little while, kind of like was speculated
earlier in the show.
So very interesting.
Of course, I should say there's a huge rumor going around about the August 1st price drop.
I don't know.
That seems a little soon.
If they were going to do it then, they might as well have announced it at PlayStation 3.
Black Wolf has an interesting thought.
He says they might announce it at Penny Arcade Expo.
They might announce it.
Take it directly to the fans.
They'll love it.
Announce it at PAX or now there's X07, you know.
I heard they canceled it.
Oh, well.
No, no, no.
I'm thinking of their event over in Europe.
Is that it?
Yeah, it's X07.
I don't think that's happening this year.
Okay, what about Tokyo Game Show then?
That could be.
I don't know.
You never know.
They have plenty of time to do it and especially, you know, waiting until closer to Halo and
stuff.
I don't know.
I don't think they're in trouble.
Another thing I was going to mention real quick though, there was also Capcom was saying
that they speculate that the PlayStation 3 will drop price again and there's also speculation
that I know Europe was supposed to be getting that 120 gig PlayStation 3 and can you imagine
if they do the same thing here and so it's going to be every few months or so you're
going to get price drop, clearance, new system come out.
Anyways, so GamePro on top of their game apparently did a little article of seven games that mysteriously
were missing from E3, which is full of inaccuracies, so let's just go down the list, shall we?
Grand Theft Auto IV, God, where was Grand Theft Auto IV other than the PlayStation press
conference, the Xbox press conference, the Take-Two press conference where they did a
walk-through demo of the thing, yeah, it wasn't there.
Spore, no, Spore was there.
They showed off a few more things on it and had a little press demo for it.
God of War III, okay, that wasn't there, I'll give them that.
Let's see what other stuff they're talking about here.
I'm surprised there was no God of War III, but I guess they always have Heavenly Sword
on account.
It's probably so far off in development.
Yeah, true.
So was Halo 3 when they first started cockteasing us with it.
I don't know, a new Rainbow Six game, they're like saying the successor to Rainbow Six Vegas,
I don't know, I mean the last game just came out, what, a few weeks ago, I don't think
they need to be teasing the new one yet, especially if it goes the way of Splinter Cell Conviction,
that was another thing out of the Microsoft conference, it's exclusive to Xbox 360.
Uh oh, Prince of Persia IV, I don't really think we need a new Prince of Persia game
since we have like kind of Assassin's Creed kind of fills that void there for a little
bit.
Have you seen Prince of Persia games since, you know, what, 1994 at all, ever?
I don't know, the new ones are okay.
Peter Jackson's Halo, I mean, that's just, because they didn't have enough Halo content
what with the gift cards and the 360 and everything else.
And Final Fantasy XIII, well they announced it wasn't going to be there anyways, so I
don't know, you know, how about some other stuff, how about, was it that new Rygar game
that was supposed to be out there, why didn't they show that, because that was pretty cool.
Where the fuck is Animal Crossing Wii?
Oh actually, Rygar was Tecmo and I don't believe Tecmo was there, so that's probably why that
wasn't there.
Where the fuck is Animal Crossing on the Wii?
It's still being worked on.
Work faster!
Done by the guy apparently who did the Mii Channel.
How much you want to bet there's no Mii support in the game whatsoever, oh the irony.
Black Wolf would like to point out there were no console games for Squeenix, it was all
DS and PSP, so nothing on the console.
Where the hell is that Final Fantasy game on the Wii then?
Wasn't there a Crystal Chronicles game coming out at launch?
Hello?
What happened?
Where's the Dragon Quest slashy slash game?
Who cares about Crystal Chronicles?
I think Crystal Chronicles, I don't know, I've seen their fall lineup so far and it's
all DS and PSP games.
Very interesting, that's all.
Okay, well, that's about all we have to say on this year's E3 and all the stories.
We'll get into some last minute stories in just a little bit, but we are going to open
up the Skype line if you wish to give us a call.
The number is 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
We always encourage folks to interact with us, whether it be through Skype or phone or
whatever.
So let's go to the phones, they're already ringing.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
I'm coming with my Wii sapper right for you, Loki.
Well hello, Bobby Blackpool.
Well that's okay, you won't be able to hit me because it's going to suck.
It's just like Princess Leia shooting mode or something.
Yeah, you better hope that the Wii sensor bar can completely read where you're pointing
that damn thing.
Well, so you actually got to go to E3, you lucky bastard, how was it?
It was surprisingly very good except for the physical location of everything going on.
It was basically, it's like they moved the time waster to something else.
Last year and the year before, the time waster was waiting in line to play the games.
This year, the time waster was waiting in traffic to get to your next appointment or
get to the more games.
That's right, because last year we were in Santa Monica because of the whole all games
arena thing that was going on and driving to E3 was a bitch every day, seriously.
Yeah, and I mean the traffic around was really horrible, two miles from all the hotels and
the show floor and there were no press rooms at the Barker Hanger, so you couldn't get
on the internet, you couldn't report anything from there.
You had to go back to the Fairmont Hotel, which was probably the farthest hotel away
because that's where the press room was.
So if you were on a line like for the working press, like newspapers and other internet
sites had deadlines, they had to spend a lot of time going back and forth, back and forth
just so they could do their work.
So the ESA knows that the physical location was really the only downside.
I think if they consolidated it more and still only invited about 3,000 or 4,000 people,
it'd still be a great show.
Couldn't they just rent one small part of the LA Convention Center or find another?
I have a hard time believing LA Convention Center is the only place in the area.
Couldn't they find another convention center in an LA suburb to do it in?
I think Lawrence Young was telling me like Long Beach Convention Center maybe, but LA
Convention Center is too expensive for what they were trying to do.
It's all about saving the money.
Now Vegas would be great.
Yeah, Vegas is convention heaven, it'd be awesome.
We could go to E3 and then go see strippers, it would be incredible.
Exactly, but I don't know how many of the game journalists would get sloshed after that
and how well they'd work.
All I know is that you're going to have to bring us as your crew next year, Bobby.
That loophole will probably be very close next year.
We shall see what happens.
Maybe they can open it up a little more in Vegas, who knows.
Really quickly, what were your thoughts?
You got to walk the show floor.
What impressed the hell out of you?
What disappointed the hell out of you?
What impressed me was Burnout Paradise.
In fact, on my show, since it's not your five-year anniversary, I'm going to plug my show.
That's fine.
It's a podcast.
You might as well say it.
I interviewed the producer for Burnout Paradise.
They're really doing some really interesting things with the online multiplayer and they
have added enough to the game itself that it's going to be a great game for communities
to play.
It's going to be a great game to play online.
I'm really hyped for Burnout Paradise.
I was already hyped for Burnout before you said that.
Now I'm even more hyped.
That's great.
They're doing seamless online multiplayer.
There's no lobby.
It's an open world and people just drop in on the open world and the host says, hey,
you want to race?
Yeah.
Okay.
Boom.
He starts the race.
It's like Test Drive Unlimited.
It's crashing.
Right.
Rad.
Now, Rock Band.
Let's talk a little bit about Rock Band because I did get to play it.
I played it four times on the drums just to make sure that all my rants about the drum
peripheral were founded or unfounded or whatever.
I still don't like the placement of the pads.
Everything else is fine and it does feel like you're playing a drum set except for the
fact that your arms are in the wrong place.
Interesting.
Now, the thing is I was the only one there who had a problem with the drum set because
the harmonics people and the MTV people, which were extremely nice to me, they were very
receptive to me, they're like, oh, you're a drummer.
Yeah, you like that drum peripheral, huh?
Yeah, it's awesome, isn't it?
I go, not really.
They're like, what?
Good for you.
I talked to the marketing manager at EA.
I talked to a guy who works for MTV.
I talked to one of the harmonics developers and I said, you know, the pads are great.
The hardware is great.
The UI is fine.
The placement sucks of the pads.
I heard that they were adjustable though.
Well, it's not just that.
It's the fact that the note chart has the high hat on the second drum from the left
and usually you have to cross your arms for that.
My biggest issue was the far right drum, which they used as the symbol a lot of times.
All the drums could change at any time.
They weren't really married to one thing, but having to pull back on your arm instead
of go forward, which is the natural motion of your arm, that took a while to get used
to and so I would overshoot the pad all the time.
Also, they have the Xbox guide button right in the center and I hit it like three times
bringing up the guide while playing.
You pulled the Peter Moore.
I did.
I pulled the Peter Moore three times and the game didn't pause.
Notes were still going up and the guide had come up, but it's a pre-alpha thing.
That'll be fixed, but I played two games on medium with the drum set, two games on hard
and even electronic arts people were coming over to watch me play Tom Sawyer on hard because
I wasn't failing it.
You have good taste in song choices too.
Yes.
Nobody else wanted to do it.
They're like, I don't want to sing that high and so finally one of the harmonics chicks
was like, I'll sing Tom Sawyer.
Come on, let's go.
It was fun.
I will still get it because I'm a whore for that stuff, but I still don't like the placement
and I'm going to be very vocal about the placement of the pads.
Let me ask you real quick, I don't want to take up too much time, but since you were there,
I do want to pick your brain on some of these things.
How did it compare to last year's E3 and how did it seem to be received by the audience
as a whole?
Were people enjoying the fact that it was more of an exclusive event or did people miss
the glitz and glamour in the booth babes of yonder past?
Everybody I spoke to that attended E3 loved the new E3.
The people who didn't like E3, some of them had good reasons.
The more indie games scene, they didn't like it because they were shut out.
They kind of used the lack of the booth babes, the lack of the glitz as part of it, but really
it was about they couldn't be a part of it.
They were not invited to even exhibit.
The ESA wouldn't even let them there, but everybody that was there loved the fact that
you could have a conversation with people on the show floor.
You could walk up to anything and play it.
Square Enix might not have liked it because every time I walked by their set of kiosks,
nobody was playing the games, but other than that, everybody loved it except for the physical
distance between things.
I missed a few appointments because I couldn't get there in time.
I did not get to see Fallout 3 because I was 20 minutes late because of traffic.
Question from Rob D in chat.
Ask Bobby if he thinks that E3 can stay alive this way.
I think it did its job.
It did its job admirably.
Whether the ESA will actually continue doing it in this way, that I don't know.
I don't know if they made enough money doing it this way or not.
Very interesting.
Anyone else have a question for Bobby who got to go there and actually be at E3?
I guess it was kind of bad that I didn't accept my invite.
You could have had a cameraman and a sound guy.
Damn it.
He's making pouty face at Jamie right now.
I wish we were a TV show.
However, I did get to sleep a lot, so that was good.
Not really, I had to work.
Yeah, and the day when you all were at E3, I was on jury duty, so I had one of the websites
mobile version on refresh on my cell phone to follow the press conferences.
It was sad and pathetic.
That was my E3.
I did that at work.
I actually left my desk to the open computer and sat there and watched the streaming Nintendo
conference because no one really pays attention to what I do.
What would you say to the folks, because I've heard a lot of folks that didn't go to E3
say worst E3 ever.
Is that true?
They'd only say that because it didn't have the glitz, it didn't have the glamour, and
really to be honest, the press conferences, everybody surrendered.
Usually E3 is about who had the best press conference, and all of them said, we don't
want the best press conference this year.
They're not going for that.
That might be where a part of that came from, but no, in terms of seeing things, getting
things done, getting contacts, networking, all that stuff, this E3 was the best out of
the 11 that I went to.
I even said that on the Xbox Life Marketplace video that I'm apparently all over.
I was going to say a perfect example of that would have been the Konami press conference
where it's like, yeah, two DDRs, Silent Hill 5, go get your press kit.
What's up with that, Bobby?
Now since there are less people at E3, you have a bigger chance of being a media whore,
and Bobby, you really got some media whoring done this year.
I understand you're on a banner ad for game trailers.
What video on Xbox Life Marketplace are you on?
The On10.net E3 show floor wrap-up video, because I was with the TV channel that should
be renamed Nameless, and I was with all games even before then.
I've known Laura Foy for many, many years, so when she saw me in the empty square on
Wednesday, she came over and asked me a few questions, and apparently we have more air
time than a frag doll on this thing.
But I was on that.
MTV Latin America made me sign a waiver because they filmed me playing Tom Sawyer on the drums.
And then Hudson, their video crew, the same ones that made the Bomberman video that's
on YouTube that says, Act Zero sucked ass and we know it.
They came around and did something, and it was really stupid.
If they used my thing, the question was, it was this chick, and she goes, okay, here's
the question, games or girls?
And I look at her, because it's the most absurd question I've ever heard in my life, coming
out of something like that, but it's going to come across as, he's actually thinking
games or girls, oh my God.
You got to love creative editing.
Rob D says a great summary here, for not getting invited to E3, Bobby did a good job of being
at E3.
Yeah, that loophole ruled.
Excellent job of being an E3 stowaway, that's up to you.
I would have answered back to her, if you're talking about Act Zero, I'll take girls for
sure.
No, I think my response was, games have pause buttons.
Our soccer, I can't rebuttal.
Yeah, I have something that involves a butt and my foot kicking in.
Or even better, you just go, what, you're offering?
Heart, Bobby.
All right, well, Bobby, thanks so much for the call and for the perspective from someone
who was actually there, and congrats on, I'm sure, what was going to end up being a lot
of exposure for you and your show and all that good stuff, so congratulations.
Yeah, thank you.
All right, until next time, my friend.
Yep.
All right, later.
See you.
Bye.
All right.
Very good call.
We always like hearing from Bobby.
More calls, please.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hello, Orange Lounge Radio Land.
This is a guy who's disappeared for far too long.
Ah, is this VX JasonXV?
That would be me.
Howdy, how are you?
I'm busy and chilling in Colorado in more ways than one.
But our website is still up, despite all of that, so you are the best webmaster in the
world, and I hope you heard our shout-out in the five-year anniversary special.
I listened to the whole thing while I was working way too many damn hours at work.
Well done.
So, what's up?
What do we owe this call to tonight?
Belated happy birthday to Orange Lounge Radio, belated happy birthday to you, Rob, and belated
happy birthday to myself, because I am a whore for that kind of stuff.
Thank you.
Where's my present?
I don't know.
Where's mine?
All right, fair enough.
So, for real reason, Ace Combat 6.
Holy cow.
Ah, here's the game we didn't talk about yet.
Yeah, no kidding.
The last Monday, I do believe it is, I got a new monitor for my birthday, and I have
a nice little consolidation thing going on, because it's my computer monitor for two different
computers as well as my Xbox 360 screen, and it does high-definition.
So I'm finally running my 360 in 720p, and a lot of things are looking a hell of a lot
better than standard component.
And I finally managed to get a hold of the demo from the E3 category, and I played it,
and holy cow, that game looks beautiful.
I don't know if it's satellite imagery, high-resolution satellite imagery, or low-level aircraft imagery
of the landscapes, but oh, man, they're doing a beautiful job with that.
That game was so fun just to look at, and it played so well still.
I've loved that series ever since Air Combat on the PlayStation.
Why you're making me want to go check it out myself, even though I'm not usually into the
flying games, so...
I don't like simulations like Flight Simulator.
I love arcade-style games, and Air Combat and Ace Combat have always been that, and
they are doing a good job continuing the series.
Like old-school After Burner, right?
Yeah.
It's not as free, it's kind of teetering towards the more realistic flying, but still arcade
dogfighting.
It's fun.
I don't have anything else to say, I am buying that game the day it comes out.
Well thank you for bringing up a game we neglected to bring up earlier in the show.
Yeah, shame on you guys.
Oh, sorry.
You know, there's just so damn much that comes out of E3, that's why we rely on you guys
to help us out.
Yeah.
Anything else you want to share with our listeners tonight?
Anything else out of E3 got you excited?
I watched a couple of the trailers, Skate looks pretty boring, but I think that goes
back to the whole simulation vs. arcade thing.
The project...
Prove yourself!
Crap.
Tony Hawk game.
Tony Hawk's Proving Ground.
Proving Ground, thank you!
I'm mixing all those words up.
Proving Ground seems to be going right down the same path, again, expanding on a few more
elements, and it looks like it's a very true-to-form continuation of the series.
What else did I look at?
Beautiful Katamari told me absolutely nothing new, but I don't know yet whether I'm going
to like it if it's the same thing all over again or not.
The music was kind of, I don't know how to describe it, but the music is kind of making
me teeter on the side that I might not be caring for that game too much.
Bomberman Live, oh man, I haven't played a Bomberman game in forever.
The trailers and all of the media that Microsoft posted was really fun to look at, and hopefully
the rest of the year and into the first half of the next year when all this stuff is going
to really all be coming out is going to not be too much of a drain on my banking account,
but you know.
Jason, I know you've been a music game fan for a long time, obviously, because you've
been with OLR for a long time, and Act Deaf brings up a very interesting question in chat.
I wonder if Jason will talk about Rock Band, what do you think about Rock Band?
We went over this over a little bit in the forums, so all you people who aren't a part,
go read.
It's always great to do that in between shows.
The aesthetics of cramming everything in for multiple person play seems to be really, really
off.
The lyrics are probably going to be the most underused portion of that game, and for good
reason, less people sing than sit there and play a guitar or a drum or anything else.
I don't really know too much about the drum, four versus five is kind of funny, you know,
Guitar Hero goes to five while Guitar Freaks is three, the drum peripheral is going to
be four while Drummania was five.
I didn't like, I've never liked console Drummania, I'll play it because I like Drummania in general,
but I've played the arcade version of MGL, console version wasn't very faithful, I don't
like cramming my arms that close together.
What Bobby was saying was just kind of driving that point home again.
Bass, I don't know, I don't think I've got enough hands on with it on Guitar Hero 2,
but the vocals are going to be the lowest point.
Other than that, I'm still recognizing a couple of the songs, which makes me happy enough
that I'll actually have something to play, and it looks like it's going to be fun.
For a game that's changing companies, it looks like it's still going down a very good path
for the general make-up and play of the game.
And fun is really what it's all about, right?
Hell yeah.
Good music, good game.
All right.
Well, Jason, we've got to let you go to get probably about one more call in here, but
thanks so much for the call, we appreciate it, okay?
Yep.
All right, take care, buddy.
See you guys.
Bye.
All right, we always appreciate Jason when he gives us a call.
We'll do about one more call, I know we've got a lot of people trying to get through
tonight, but we also want to wrap up pretty soon here, so let's do at least one more call.
Hi, you are on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
It's GS68.
Hi, GS68.
What's on your mind?
Basically, I read about Ghost Squad coming out for the Wii, and it just reminded me about
the arcade version.
I'm sorry, you heard about what coming out for the Wii?
Ghost Squad for the Wii.
Oh, okay.
And one thing that's always bugging me about the arcade version is that I went to the Philippines,
and most of the Ghost Squad machines there have card slots, but here in California, none
of the machines have card slots, so I can only go up to level four on the machines,
and I don't get a whole lot of stuff as much as on the card slots and machines.
I'm sorry, you cut out a little bit there, so I'm sorry, what was the question out of
that?
One thing that's bugging me about the arcade game is that in the U.S., none of the machines
in the U.S. have card slots, but if I go to any other country with that game, the machines
usually have card slots.
I went to the Philippines earlier this year, and most of their machines there had card
slots, and I get to have more levels and features and stuff, and I'm just wondering, for games
like that, and why don't, oh, sorry.
I think if you're talking about as far as the arcade scene goes, and why is it that
they have the cards in some places and not in others, I think it just has to do with
the arcade scene in general here.
I don't think there's enough of a scene to support that type of technology here, and
obviously Konami and DDR is one thing that comes to my mind like that, and everything
they're doing with EMUs overseas and things.
I think it's just that Japanese has more of an arcade culture that supports that, whereas
here, it's all about the tickets, and taking in the tickets and redeeming them for cash
and prizes.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, I look at Asian arcades, and they have a lot of cool stuff, like...
Like Pachinko, which they don't have here.
Yeah, and...
There are Pachinko places in the US, by the way.
But it's not the Nor- it's a novelty thing here.
I agree.
Yeah.
All right, well, hey, anything you want to share about your thoughts with E3?
Was there anything that really got you excited about E3?
I didn't really catch- I wasn't really caught up with E3, I didn't read much about it.
Well, hopefully you learned stuff here tonight by listening to the show.
I hope we can educate some folks.
All right, well, hey, thanks so much for the call, GS68.
We really appreciate it, okay?
You're welcome.
All right, take care, buddy.
You too.
All right.
I think that's going to about do it, because we're running almost an hour 40 for this segment,
so we really need to switch back over and wrap things up.
So I'm sorry to those calls we didn't get to tonight, but we'll also take more calls
next week, I'm sure.
We always do.
So we're going to go around now and ask if there's any last minute stories here in studio.
Any last minute stories?
I have a couple, actually.
Go for it.
This is more European news.
Coming to Xbox Live Arcade, there was Bomberman and Yaya Kung Fu on the 18th.
It'll be out in July.
Also the fifth Harry Potter game demo is on Xbox Live Arcade in the UK.
Just for the record, it is out here as well.
All right, but it's actually supposed to take up 2.55% of the 20 gig hard drive, yay.
And the Lost Planet PC is getting Mega Man.
That's kind of neat.
A Mega Man patch for Lost Planet PC.
Does it let you play as Mega Man?
It actually doesn't say.
It just says some type of Mega Man patch.
I imagine it's probably a suit or something silly.
That's what they need in Dead Rising.
It's a character.
It's a playable character.
You can play as Joe from Lost Planet, Mega Man, or Frank West from Dead Rising.
Oh, Frank West is awesome.
Yeah, you can get the costume and the gun.
Really?
And you can get the hat.
You can get the whole thing in Dead Rising.
Oh, rad.
Anyway, if that's it, then Loki, anything you want to share?
Yeah, there's some interesting stuff.
IGN just did their Week in Review podcast, I guess, and one of the things that they mentioned
is Rock Band coming to the Wii in 2008.
So that's interesting.
Another interesting thing, Cotton, I guess, trailer for Smash Bros. Brawl is, I guess,
Bulbin from the Zelda series is going to be either a trophy assist or assist trophy character
or a playable character.
So that's kind of neat.
Who's this?
I'm sorry?
Bulbin.
It's like one of those, I don't know if they're elves or what, some sort of enemy
from the game.
Anywho, other interesting things, the simple series, one of my favorite things to talk
about, D3's lineup there, they're releasing their first two volumes on the Wii.
The first one, Volume 1, looks like a kart racing game, I guess, and the other one looks
like a frog jumping game, so that's kind of interesting.
Hopefully those make their way out over here at some point.
Of course, one thing we can't forget, I know my wife might be looking forward to this,
Nitro Bike was announced for the Wii by Ubisoft and it's being developed by Left Field Productions,
the creators of the classic Excitebike 64, and it's kind of like a, I guess, Excite
Truck but with bikes, so, Excitebike.
Some other interesting things, one game we've talked about here before, Tomiki Fighters,
which now is being called Blastworks, which is coming to the Wii later on this year, it's
going to have other games in that as well.
Blastworks will not only feature Tomiki Fighters, as well as some other games created by Kent
at show, including Our Rootage, which has been confirmed, and looks like Gunroar and
Taurus Trooper are also being looked into, and those are other shooter games that he's
developed for free.
Looks pretty cool.
I think it's only going to be about 30 bucks when it comes out, too.
And I believe, yeah, that's it.
All right, lots of news this week.
It will be hard to top it next week, but of course we'll be back with another episode
of Orange Lounge Radio next week, and maybe catching a lot more of your opinions and fallout
from E3, and I'm sure as we start to kick into the fall months, it's just going to be
oodles and oodles of news as we get into, because now E3 was in July and not May, so
there's a little less time before the fall rush, so we'll be looking forward to sharing
that all with you.
And speaking of the fall, we hit our 250th episode this fall, if you can believe that,
so lots of fun stuff in store.
But we're not going to do anything special for it, because we did the 200th show last
year and the fifth year for the anniversary of this show.
We don't want to celebrate ourselves too much, but it certainly is a milestone that's interesting.
Every day is a celebration.
Every day is a new celebration of life.
So I noticed Loki's watching the Silent Hill arcade videos on YouTube.
It looks nice.
Doesn't it look hot?
Did you see the pyramid head thing?
Watch the beginning of part B. It's awesome.
Yeah, I'm watching the beginning of part two right now.
It's in there then.
You'll see it.
Pyramid head goes slice, you're going to die, and then he goes slice, and then right when
it's about to hit the guy's head, it switches back to the day, or whatever you want to call
it.
I thought you said you weren't spoiling it for our listeners.
Sorry, I did.
Rob you meanie bud.
You need to watch it.
I didn't spoil anything.
It's just awesome.
It's about IGN.
I'll watch it.
It would be cool, though, if they brought it to the Wii.
I mean, it looks like these gun games are going to be taken off, or at least...
You know, Dan and I had an idea a while back.
Point blank, Wii.
Hey, you remember the Biohazard Gun Survivor, right?
And we got it over here as Resident Evil Gun Survivor, and they took out the gun support.
You had to play it with the controller.
We were thinking back in the day how with the Dreamcast, you remember the Dreamcast
gun had a controller on it, right?
Mm-hmm.
Couldn't they do something like that with the Wii, use the controller on it to do your
motion, move back and forth, and then shoot with the gun?
They could easily do those games.
I mean, it's kind of what the way they used the range.
In Resident Evil 2 Arcade, you used your actual gun as your direction.
That was kind of cool, too.
And then you got to shoot people dead.
Here's one other game that came out of E3 I didn't hear any other news on, but there's
a new Trauma Center game that's going to come out for the Wii, and this one actually supports
widescreen and looks pretty and has new characters.
I'm very excited about a new Trauma Center game for the Wii, because Trauma Center is
awesome.
All right, what are you laughing about?
They should have a game for Silent Hill.
Konami, hear me on this.
I think you've got a hit with this.
You know how these sim games and stuff, like pets and dogs and cats and stuff, are all
really popular, they should have a Pyramid Head game, where you take care of Pyramid
Head, or you are Pyramid Head, and you feed him corpses, and he can feed him, let him
rape stuff, and you can slice people with a blade.
Sometimes I think we take our Pyramid Head love a little bit too far on this program.
I don't know if it's just me.
All right, let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
Loki, go ahead and start us off tonight.
My final thought is, there's going to be more announcements coming out.
Not everything gets announced at E3.
God's sake, most people nowadays have their own gamer days and shit.
My final thought is, I twisted my ankle earlier, and it kind of hurts.
Owie.
Ice it.
I know I need to.
Dr. Sakura.
Reject false conventions.
On that note, we'll see you next time.
Thank you for supporting Independent Podcast.
Like Orange Lounge Radio, we appreciate it.
Tell two people if you like our show.
Tell them about our show.
We do this show for free.
That's all we ask, word of mouth, and slowly we'll take over the world with our Independent
Podcast.
Thanks so much for tuning in.
We'll see you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio.
