Tonight, July 22nd, 2007, could the next Final Fantasy use the Wii Fit Board?
Microsoft faces another lawsuit over scratched discs.
And could World of Warcraft win South Park and Emmy?
Hello everybody out there on the internet.
Welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that internet radio program dedicated to video games, video gaming, and gaming culture and the gamer lifestyle.
That's a whole lot.
We've tried to fit a lot into this program, but that's why we're always split up into two parts.
When you listen to us on our downloadable podcast, or if you listen live on Sunday nights, you get like three and a half hours of radio, just us here.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always, say hello to Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
And how are you?
Hi.
Hi.
Are you high on drugs?
I am.
But legal ones?
Yeah, they're prescription.
We wouldn't endorse doing the other kind of drugs, because that's bad, okay?
Not publicly.
Yes.
All right.
Also joining us, say hello to Tech Master Loki.
Hello.
How are you doing, Loki?
Fine.
Had a good week?
Yes.
and DarkSakura.com.
So, for those that have never heard... Well, you haven't actually sat in on a full show in a long, long time.
Oh, yeah, that's true.
And you're actually really loud tonight.
I am.
That's kind of something else.
I'm booming.
That's all right.
Miklatov usually has a very quiet voice, so we have to turn up the volume all the way.
Yes.
Now, for those that haven't heard the show before, Miklatov works for Konami and does DDR stuff.
Yes.
And that's all we can really say.
But they're closing soon, right?
Yes.
So, are you...
I don't care if they listen.
All right.
Well, Migatov's here because he likes games.
He's not just here to dish on.
I'm actually here because I was up here for Harry Potter.
I suppose it's inevitable because somebody was noticing.
Hi, chat room, by the way.
Our chat room is available to chat.orangelauntrader.com.
Lots of first-time listeners tonight.
I was noticing some folks saying it was their first time listening.
So hello to all of you first-time listeners and chat.
It's kind of a smaller audience in chat tonight, though, and I was thinking maybe part of that is that people are reading Harry Potter right now.
They are.
They should actually be done with it, because it's been out for like two days.
I finished an hour before I left the house.
Oh my gosh, so you finished the book.
It was about two hours ago.
So both of you finished the book.
Yeah, I finished about this afternoon sometime.
And I don't read the books.
I would have been done last night, but I had to play D&D.
I just wanted to get done with it because then I could go back on the internet and not get spoiled by things.
I know, I hate all of you spoiler people.
No spoilers in chat tonight.
Don't even try to be funny.
It's not cool.
So please don't ruin the book for those who haven't finished yet.
This is a lot to ruin.
I will Avada Kedavra your ass.
I went directly to the spoiler page as soon as I found it.
I don't know, it's part of me.
I like to be spoiled and find out what's going to happen.
I don't even really read the books.
I watch the movies.
I haven't seen the newest one.
In fact, I didn't see the fourth one either.
But I like the first three movies.
They're cool.
The fifth movie sucks.
Now, Jamie, did you actually go to the bookstore at midnight to buy the book?
No, I was smart and went on Amazon.
Oh, so you had it delivered to your house.
Yes.
I went to Barnes & Noble.
Because I was also high on Vicodin on Friday night, too.
That works.
And I couldn't drive to the bookstore.
Although Dan said that he went to Walmart and almost bought me one.
TheRobD says, spoiler, Jesus dies on page 681.
Oh, you weren't looking for Bible spoilers.
Get it?
I think I saw that same joke on Dig this week.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And I loved it.
It was like a video game.
It had Sky Pirates, like Final Fantasy XII.
It was awesome.
And like magic.
And Michelle Pfeiffer was a witch.
It was great.
So I wanted to get the book that it was based on.
And they had it at Barnes & Noble.
But then I had to go through crowds and crowds of people.
It was crazy.
Why did you go on Harry Potter night?
Because I was at... I went to two Barnes & Nobles for Harry Potter night.
We went to eat at Dos Coyotes, which was like right next door to Barnes & Noble.
So we just decided to go there.
I was like, I want to get the Stardust book right now.
I was there too, waiting with my wife for the book, and I was playing Final Fantasy.
Well, that makes you a nerd too.
I waited in the Harry Potter line last year, and I had already bought my British one online.
And I ended up, it still wasn't as bad as the Dreamcast line in 99.
It was the Dreamcast line I sat and read books.
Uninvited says, we handed out cupcakes for our book release at Walmart and this old smelly lady came up and ate like 12.
You should have said one per person, unless you ordered 12 books.
Or had a little sign or something.
That just kind of reminded me of the time the Wii came out and we were handing out the soda and the donuts.
The smelly people.
Some were smelly, but not at the Target we ended up staying at.
They were all well bathed.
It was too cold to be smelly.
Because when it's cold, you can't really smell people as badly as when it's hot.
Like at anime conventions.
I think that Fanboy Funk is worse in the summer.
If you let it sit out for a little while.
Fanboy Funk does not take summer vacation.
Alright, let's talk about video games.
We're like more than five minutes into the show.
We haven't even talked about video games.
I said Final Fantasy.
There are four video games.
Harry Potters are video games too.
But they're not good.
No, they're not.
It's because they're made by EA.
Why isn't there a good Harry Potter game?
Because they're made by EA.
Because they haven't made me design one.
That does not mean that it should be a bad game if it's made by EA.
No, it's the fact that they take franchises and don't care about them.
They're just like, ooh, give me money.
And poop on them.
Yeah.
Here was the nerdiest thing ever, though.
We were at Clean Jumper last night or whatever, and we were going around the table going, like, what?
What house would you be in if you were in Harry Potter?
Probably be in Sparkly Poo.
There is no Sparkly Poo.
You have to read the fan fiction.
Anyway, so we thought, why isn't Harry Potter like an MMO?
Why isn't there an MMO set in the Harry Potter universe?
Millions of people would play it.
If you could have actual Quidditch and doing quests in the Harry Potter universe, why isn't there actually an MMO?
That Quidditch game on PS2 is fun, too.
Exactly.
Or GameCube or whatever it was.
Because I don't think the universe would be that big.
I mean, it'd be Hogwarts and... There's really only a few hundred students.
Well, I guess you could have a bunch of other schools.
Yeah, there are other schools, so it could work.
Well, now there's not going to be any more books.
Why not have an MMO in the Harry Potter universe?
Hmm?
Who says it's not coming?
I mean, look at Lord of the Rings Online.
I didn't know.
I did the quiz that was on the Warner Brothers site and I got Slytherin.
I think I did the quiz and I got Ravenclaw.
I was like, what the fuck's a Ravenclaw?
Ravenclaws are the smart people, Rob.
Slytherin are even smarter because they're also sneaky.
Alright, let's get to actual video game chat.
We'll start with, how was your gaming week?
DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
Games?
What games?
I've been high on Vicodin all week.
So I haven't played anything.
Not even pinball?
No, I played World Cup Soccer.
See, there's something.
But I am owie, so I can't really do much gaming.
Alright, well that's alright.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I played Paper Mario on the Virtual Console.
Not exactly like Super Paper Mario.
A little bit disappointing, but I don't know, it's tolerable for right now, I guess.
Um...
I think if I played that right after I played Super Mario RPG I would have been greatly disappointed.
Then I played Final Fantasy.
I'm actually most of the way through the game now.
What else did I do gaming related?
I fully disassembled the PSP and put it back together again because I was thinking let me put it this way.
I have charge cables for my PSP but they're at work and I wanted to play Final Fantasy and my battery was low
So I was going to make my own charge cable, but then I couldn't find my car adapter cable that was going to hack apart for the second half of it.
So I was like, well, I can just solder some stuff onto the USB port onto the PSP and just solder that to the power port, and then it should be able to charge via USB.
So I took that all apart and got fascinated with that.
I'm like, crap, this is not going to go back together again, is it?
So I put it back together, and I think it's working now, except for some reason, though, when I put the USB charge cable I bought today on it,
It wasn't lighting up, so I don't know if that's just the battery that's in there that's so dead that it won't charge with that or what, but hopefully it works.
Otherwise, that's my, you know, parts PSP anyway, so I gotta sell it so I can get a new one.
Um, then other than that, I tried playing, oh, I played Super Rub-a-Dub on, uh, PS3.
Crap.
Is that one of those new downloadable games?
The one with the ducks or whatever?
Yes, it's the one with the ducks.
It's actually a game?
Yeah, it's stupid.
What do you do in the game?
You tilt using the six axis because that's almost every single game that's downloadable on the PSP right now, or PS3.
You tilt the six axis to make the ducks go around.
You collect ducks and get to the drain.
It is crap.
It is so fucking hard to control.
It's not fun.
GK128 in our chatroom agrees with you.
Super rub-a-dub for the lose.
GK128 says the control in Super Rub-a-Dub is so bad it doesn't even follow your movements right it doesn't and it's just way too sensitive so no thanks I ended up selling a lot or I sold back Motorstorm today now I'm just stuck with Resistance which is a great game but my Playstation 3 right now is being treated like my PSP except my PSP has more gaming going along with it because I don't have to buy games anymore for it
If only they had that for the... Oh, I'm thinking about modding my Wii.
That might be something that's coming on mod chips so I can play some import games.
Good times.
All right.
Miglatov, you want to share with us your gaming week, if anything?
I've still been trying to think if I played anything this week besides WoW, and I don't think I did.
So I played WoW.
What happened in WoW?
WoW made me sad because I decided to level up my tailoring, and there's this one piece of cloth I can only make every three days in 22 hours, so I'm waiting for that time limit to be up.
I'm just being disgruntled the whole time while I wait.
And that's it.
All right, aren't you exciting?
I am.
What's up?
It's something in the air.
Not a lot of game playing this week.
Well, I do that at work.
So why would I do it?
I guess that's true.
I could see that.
I got a game.
What'd you get?
I got Marvel Ultimate Alliance for Xbox 360, but I didn't get the gold one, because Dan was being a cheap butt, and he said that I could just download Hawkeye, because it's really the only character I care about.
Oh, okay, so instead of downloading the Uber thing that had everybody, you can just get the one character you want.
Yeah.
That works.
I haven't played it yet.
I also play Call of Duty 3 multiplayer for a little bit, and there was one cool kill that I had.
We were playing on Eater Dam, and I was driving the...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
and then, of course, Grand Theft Auto Vice City Stories.
Still playing that, still yelling at everybody.
Nerd.
My gaming week, I tried some of the new downloads that are available on Xbox Live Marketplace like Bomberman Live, but I only really played the demo for Bomberman.
I didn't download the full game, so I don't really want to give a full review, but...
It definitely already right off the bat was way better than Act Zero, that's for sure.
Even just the demo.
The free demo is better than the $60 Act Zero, so I was pleased with that.
It's like $20 now.
Still $20 too much.
That's still $20 too much for that game.
But it's cool, you know.
It's classic Bomberman.
So if you remember Bomberman from the Super Nintendo days, I did notice, though, that when you do buy the regular version of it, you're going to be able to customize the game to hell.
Like, you know, you can just customize any type of environment you want to play in, and...
It's not one of those ones that's like...
I've stood up against the test of time.
JV Mon says it sucks ass back in the day back in the day I preferred it to Kung Fu Master yeah I way preferred it to Kung Fu Master but just now I just I can't you know like sometimes I try to I find my retro game love for the simple games but like Yara Kung Fu is not one of those games I can just find my love for again because I guess I never really had that much there's some of these games on live that they seem to forget about like you know
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and I noticed that I'd fallen not just to second place within my own friends list but third place within my own friends list and like at one point I had a score in the top 100 okay so I was like alright I gotta play this some more and try to improve my score so I did and I'm back up to second place now within my friends and now I gotta try and get back up to first place so I'm working on it playing some more songs but yeah there's no downloadable stuff for Boom and Rocket at all
It's kind of sad, because I'm not a big fan of the tracks that come with the game.
I even went to GameStop today, and I was like, I've got to get me another game, because I had, like, Forza 2, Shadowrun, and, like, Tenchu Z, and Monster Madness Belfast Suburbia, all brand new copies that I got from work, but I was like, I don't want to play any of this.
Even Forza 2, I was like, well, I could maybe design some cars or something.
I'm like, no, that's, no, I'm not going to get suckered into playing this just like I did Project Gotham Racing 3.
Project Gotham Racing 4, that looks pretty good too.
But I'm going to get suckered into buying that and hate it and then return it back.
Either way.
You need to get one of those game rental accounts.
It doesn't matter.
I'm going to get it probably, you know, Microsoft games I usually get for free.
All right, all right.
Jvmon in chat agrees with me, by the way, that the tracks that come with the game are pretty boring.
So there you go.
That one I like is really good.
I don't know, Smooth Operetta?
Yeah, Smooth Operetta.
Yeah, that's a great song.
I'm surprised Konami hasn't done like, well, I guess they wouldn't want to do that because of...
What, a downloadable DDR or something?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
But I'm like in last place.
I've gone from Boom Boom Rocket, a game where I'm second place amongst all my friends, to Carcassonne where I'm in last place amongst all my friends because I'm just not that good at it.
I'm still trying to figure out the strategy to it.
But I'm having fun.
I like the fact that it's like a board game, but it kind of has its own – basically the way Carcassonne is is that you're building –
A puzzle every time.
And that puzzle involves cities and roads and monasteries and all this stuff.
And you draw out these cards in a random order and play them down.
And so, you know, roads have to connect to other roads.
Cities have to connect to other cities.
And when you claim roads or claim cities and finish them, you get a lot of points for them.
So it's kind of cool.
Like, I've got to play it on Xbox Live, but I'm afraid to because I know I'll get my ass handed to me.
But I guess that's the only way you're going to get better at a game like that.
So.
But I've been having fun playing it.
So, yay Carcassonne.
That's it for my gaming week.
So we will move from our gaming weeks to some housekeeping.
First off, we want to thank, or congratulate, I should say, one of our long-time listeners, DDR Angel.
I don't know if you remember DDR Angel.
I should hope so.
Not at all!
I should hope so.
She was here for the longest time.
She got married today.
So I want to say congratulations to Miss DDR Angel and her husband who, by the way, goes online, I believe, by Big Red Pimp.
So now she's DDR Pimp Lady?
Yes, now she's DDR Pimp.
So congratulations to Miss DDR Pimp.
Also, no show next week.
We're not going to be doing any show next week.
There may be a best of or something that shows up on the archives if there's time.
But unfortunately, just due to other obligations, there will be no show on July 29th.
So we're very sorry about that.
DarkSakura is going to Disneyland again.
I am, and I'm going to be high as a kite there too.
And usually we would just go ahead and do a show if one of us is gone.
But also, we're moving.
This is the very last show you're going to hear from studio number three.
Which we've had, you know, a good couple of years here.
We've been here for about two years in this tiny little room.
But the show, basically, if you haven't caught on, takes place in my spare bedroom at my apartment.
And in a couple weeks it will take place in the spare bedroom or maybe garage, haven't figured it out yet, at my new house.
So I'm very excited about that.
Kind of moving on up.
So we will be in the new studio soon.
That will be studio number four.
So, yes, the show has been a lot of places over the past five years.
So we're excited about that.
It's kind of like a horror.
What do you mean?
Because it gets around a lot.
Yeah, a little bit.
To use a friend of mine's analogy, we're like the house broom.
Everyone's had a ride.
Oh, I get it.
Alright, well here's the thing.
Also, we're looking to kind of relaunch of sorts in a couple weeks.
Not like we're going to totally redo the show, but maybe try out some new things like some new album art, some new openings, some new incidental sounds and stuff that play throughout the show.
So if you are an artistic or audio editing type, please shoot us an email because we'd be interested in what you can do for us in regards to...
New intros and new artwork and all that good stuff.
So more to come in two weeks when we return with more Orange Lounge Radio.
For now though, let's get to the gaming news for this week.
And I believe Loki's going to start us off tonight.
Yes.
So this week there is a bunch of news coming out of Japan during their PlayStation Premiere event in Tokyo.
And...
Some interesting things coming out, mostly stuff that we're not going to see over here.
One of which is a TV tuner for the PSP.
It's actually a one-seg tuner device, and kind of attaches to the top via the USB port, much like the GPS receiver and camera.
And apparently you can tune into different TV stations and whatnot.
It's supposed to be coming out in September.
And that's kind of cool.
I wish we'd get something like that over here.
Me something third party.
I know, why is it that we're not getting any of that kind of stuff over here?
Well, the GPS never came out over here either, and I don't think the camera did either, so maybe we're just not into all those extra purpose.
Who would use it over here?
I know we care about high-tech gadgets over here, but not like Japan does.
That's why we get two colors of things, sometimes three, and Japan gets 158 versions a week.
But TVs are kind of cool.
I don't know.
I might make the PSP a little more lucrative.
It depends on how much it costs.
How much does it cost in Japan?
It was 6,900 yen.
That's about, what, $69, right?
If I'm not mistaken.
Yeah.
Roughly around there.
Alright.
Oh, by the way, it's only compatible with the new PSP.
Not the old one.
Not that it really matters because in September it's going to be replacing all the old ones anyways.
G, Sony likes to do that.
Replace old stuff.
Well, yeah, like, they're the only company out there that redesigns their systems.
Nintendo, I'm looking at you.
Alright.
But they make them better, and in better colors.
Speaking of better colors, there are more PSP color variations coming out in Japan.
You know how we're getting what?
We're getting like three colors here?
Two colors in the Star Wars.
Okay, well over there they're getting Piano Black, Ceramic White, and Ice Silver, but they're also getting the Bloom series with Rose Pink, Lavender Purple, and Felicia Blue.
I want that blue one so bad.
But this sounds like Bubble Bath Salts.
That's so pretty.
This sounds like something a housewife would pour in her bathtub and say, Calgon, take me away.
PS, Sony, take me away.
You can't have salt in bubbles because it would not make bubbles.
Well, whatever.
But still, I'm getting bath salts and bubble baths mixed up.
Okay.
So that's six variants on the new PSP, and they already had at least four of the regular PSP variants.
And so I can't help but feel we're really getting shafted when Sony is doing better over here than they are in Japan.
Well, it is launching in Japan on September 29th at 19,800 yen.
And any of those colors that you want.
There's also some new accessories coming out.
AV cable, super video cable, D cable, component cable.
Now that's pretty awesome.
There's a component cable coming out for the video out.
Yes, there is.
That's pretty rad.
It'll do 480p.
God, now I want one.
Just for the video out so I can play Silent Hill Origins.
I can play the Akumajo Dracula compilation game that's coming out.
What?
Nothing.
Whatever.
I can play all that crap on the TV.
I'm very excited.
I've been playing that game for a long time already.
But it's sexy, sexy remake.
But the original's better.
Whatever.
It's pretty.
Shush.
The original has Maria's crappy singing in it.
Well, maybe the remake will have Maria's crappy singing.
One of her weapons is a songbook.
And she kills things by going la la la la la la Like that Wow, I think I almost died a little right then That's exactly what her voice sounds like too Well, anyway Don't do that Anyway Anyway I'm sorry I'm all giggly today No, there is a little bit of good news for our friends in Europe The PSP will actually be out there at the beginning of September And in Japan it will be there on September 20th So
You guys get it first.
You can just go rub it in everybody's face.
So Europe actually gets something first for once.
They got stuff first before, remember?
A few games.
Well, but... Konami loves Europe for some reason.
They get a lot of the cool stuff.
This has nothing to do with Konami.
No, but it's... Europe does get stuff first sometimes.
Once in a while.
But the price is going to be the same as the current one, so it's $129.99.
What colors are they getting?
It does not say.
Aww.
Also, and not much of a surprise since we're getting the stupid Star Wars PSP over here, that Japan would get something a little bit cooler in the special Final Fantasy VII system set, which will be coming out bundled with Crisis Core and has some fancy Final Fantasy VII Crisis Core artwork on it.
Also, it's going to be a limited production.
They're only making 77,777 units.
You know why that is, right?
Because it's Final Fantasy VII, and it's not because VII is the most powerful magic number.
It's beside that, actually.
In Final Fantasy VII, I've only heard of this happening, if you got your hit points all to VII, then you did some special attack in the game.
The special attack was called, Go Outside!
And to buy more sequels of this game when it comes out.
I'm gonna find it.
I'm just looking at chat room now and going back to some old comments here.
TheRobD says, I want to see Maria and Kirby in a sing-off.
No, because... No.
DarkTetsuya wants to add Jigglypuff to that.
No.
Jigglypuff.
Because Maria sings worse than all of them.
Let's see.
And ChainsawJuggling said, I did that once.
It was awesome.
In reference to the Lucky Sevens there.
See, I knew it was in there.
DrewNami says, 777HP, send your character into a constant attack mode.
Yeah, it's awesome.
All right.
Well, even though they are getting that super cool Final Fantasy VII slim thing PSP in Japan, everybody is hopefully getting this.
It's an expansion to Metal Gear Solid Portable Ops.
Of course, a lot of folks are big fans of this game on the PSP because it wasn't Metal Gear Acid, and it was actually more like the other Metal Gear games, so a lot of folks are really into this.
Metal Gear Acid, though, had the cool 3D thing.
Cool is relative in that game.
Cool or headache in Duceen.
I know.
If I wear that thing too long, I would definitely have to take some Vicodin for the headaches I'm going to be getting after using that too much.
So there you go.
Now, IGN is actually reporting from the PlayStation Premiere event in Tokyo that this new portable ops game is going to have some online play, and that's going to be kind of its focus.
There's going to be some new characters, possibly an older version of Snake, and there's only going to be a little bit more as far as the single-player mode goes, the Infinity Mission version.
Otherwise, it's the good old-fashioned Metal Gear Solid portable ops that you're used to.
They do have Old Snake from Metal Gear Solid 4 in there.
He's in the trailer.
Awesome.
September 20th is the day that comes out.
Hmm.
I seem to remember something else is coming out that day in Japan as well.
There it is.
Probably take a little bit longer for it to come out here, though, because, you know, Konami hates you.
And they did some little thing in the video where it's like Power Rangers for the trailer.
That makes me want to play it now.
Dang it.
Other stuff for anyone who cares is that there is actually going to be Metal Gear Solid Online for PS3.
They had a little demo of it out when they did the Metal Gear Solid 4 thing.
So if anybody cares, there you go.
You can all wander around with boxes over your heads and your truck can start to move.
Could Metal Gear Solid ever be a first-person shooter someday?
It was.
When?
Do you remember the VR missions?
Oh, no.
It came out with a first-person version of Metal Gear Solid.
It just kind of makes me think, with all this online and all that stuff, could this be like a new Halo for a certain audience?
I don't know.
It's a little silly.
I would say it's more like Splinter Cell or, you know, Ghost Recon, something Tom Clancy-ish.
But I don't know, I think I'd play it a lot if it was, I don't know, Metal Gear Solid is one of those series, but I don't get into the Tom Clancy games as much.
I don't get into the Metal Gear games.
I don't get into that stuff either.
Like, the old-ass Metal Gear I used to love.
My spouse does.
I don't get into those games as much.
Although, the Solid Eye, it would be kind of cool to implement that into our website.
The what?
The Solid Eye for the, you know, Metal Gear Acid 2.
That, that,
HALO SUCKS GEARS OF WAR IS AMAZING
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Well, there's some interesting commentary about the whole thing coming from Sony Computer Entertainment Europe's president, David Reeves.
In fact, he's actually been on record saying, you know, the difference between 60 and 80 gigabytes is very small.
We just feel like going up 20 gigabytes is not worth it.
If you're going to double it, then it's worth it.
So basically, obviously he's commenting on the fact that I don't think the 80 gig system is coming to Europe.
I think they're going to be doing something a little bit larger.
But at the same time he's saying, oh by the way, yeah, you probably don't need to buy it for another extra 20 gigs.
Why doesn't he just admit, we don't have 20 gigs worth of shit for you to put on here?
There really is not that much stuff to download.
That's what I don't get.
I would think, now I don't know, I'm not a PlayStation 3 owner and I haven't been reading out very well, but does the PlayStation 3 allow you to play movies from your computer?
Yeah.
Anything?
Like any type of movie?
It's limited, but you can play stuff from your computer.
Can you copy them to the PlayStation 3 drive or anything?
You can't download them from your network and copy them, but you can download some on there.
Like I have a ripped copy of Kung Pao on my hard drive that I can play off there.
But nothing officially endorsed by Sony, right?
I don't think there's any movies that you can download from Sony.
Like, let's say on my Xbox 360, I can watch WMV files of a certain type over the network and watch them on my TV, right?
Yeah.
But on the Sony, I can do that with certain other types of movies?
Yeah.
Why doesn't Sony just blow the door wide open on that and just leave it unlimited to what you can, like, put all the different codecs in there to what you can watch, and people would, like, love that, and they could copy movies to their drive and everything.
I don't know, am I being absurd?
I never understood why they bumped it up from 60 to 80 anyways, because I guess unless a lot of games really install themselves onto the drive, like I remember Ridge Racer did that, and Oblivion I know does that, but I don't have that many PlayStation 3 games, so I can't say if they all do that, but if they did all do that, then yeah, that would fill up pretty quick, but
Raven's Dolphin says, What?
Sony is telling the truth for once.
And theRobD says, MPAA, Sky.
But the MPAA, you know what, they can't control.
What if I have a video I shoot on my digital camera that I want to watch over on the TV?
You know, they can't control that.
F the MPAA.
Anyway, those comments coming from our chat room, chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
Something else maybe that could be a downloadable title.
I don't know.
The early screenshots I'm seeing of this game look very simplistic.
It's from the creator of Katamari Dimashii, Keita Takahashi.
You might remember he said he was taking a break to work on Playgrounds.
Remember that?
Like he supposedly ended Katamari Dimashii to go make Playgrounds.
Well, I don't know if he finished or what's going on, but he has released information about a new game for the PlayStation 3, Nobi Nobi Boy.
Now, nobi means stretch in Japanese.
So, in the early screenshots, definitely looked like this big stretching, I don't know, turdy caterpillar thing stretching around.
So, there's very little information on this right now, but we do know that the creator of Katamari no Washi is making a new game for the PlayStation 3.
That's about it.
So that's kind of interesting because a lot of folks on PlayStation 3 were really sad because there has been no news about Beautiful Katamari coming out to their system.
In fact, now it looks like that whole project may have been scrapped.
So maybe they'll get this new project instead, which could be somewhat redemption for them.
I don't know.
Kind of interesting.
I think they're beyond redemption.
They deserve to burn.
No.
Speaking of things that deserve to burn, Gran Turismo Prologue is going to be available for Japanese PlayStation Network in October.
We don't get it yet.
It will have online multiplayer and has an undetermined price.
It is not free.
Great.
You get to pay for a demo.
That's awesome.
I just say it's more freaking cars, so whatever.
Project Gotham is more fun.
Why don't you release an actual game instead of all these demos?
That's what I think.
Another game that's coming out to PlayStation 3, or at least was announced, Disgaea 3 looks very similar to all the other Disgaea games, and sadly enough, the graphics also look similar to the other Disgaea games, meaning that they're not that great.
But, hey, it's Disgaea.
It's another game.
Hurrah.
Yeah, Disgaea was never really about the graphics, though.
It was about the hilarious voice acting and the stories and, you know, the game itself.
It was a pretty awesome strategy game.
It looks okay.
I mean, I don't know.
I would think, though, that if they're going to step up to PlayStation 3, they're going to do something with the graphics, make them uber sharp or, you know.
It does look a little sharper, but then again, the screenshot's so small, I don't really know.
Well, there you go.
Also coming for the PlayStation 3 at some point, someday, Tekken 6.
Tekken 6 is going to be coming out.
I'm sorry.
I didn't say it in the mic, though.
Oh.
Tekken 6 is going to be coming to the PlayStation 3.
And, of course, Virtua Fighter is going to have online on the Xbox 360, so it just makes sense.
Yeah, the Virtua Fighter sucks.
PlayStation should have something going for it.
And that's going to be Tekken 6.
Namco Bandai answered at PlayStation Premiere in Tokyo that they will have an online capability.
You know, I don't think that these should really be announcements anymore.
I think it should always be an online game.
I mean, this is what we... Microsoft doesn't go out there and announce, hey, this game's going to be online.
Most of the games are online.
It's not something that you really need to announce.
Just get with it, Sony.
or hell, get with it, Namco.
I mean, you should... Yeah, because... Putting everything online.
It's not Sony's fault.
There was this big to-do about Soul Calibur finally going online too and everybody's just kind of like, yeah, the last one really should have been online.
Right?
So, I don't know.
That's like saying, you know, you know, oh, Tekken 6 is going to be in high definition.
Okay.
Great.
I thought it was supposed to be since it's on, you know...
DarkSakura.com
So I picked a version of a site I picked before, and it's ROFLcats.com.
It's more LOLcats, so there you go.
More Caturday to spread the badly grammar, spelling, cat captioning fun.
Because we've really not had any of that on this show ever.
Not in a long time.
This is some pretty funny stuff, because it has a couple of my favorites on here.
Like...
The Justice System or Fucking Screwed SuperCat
I don't know.
I don't know.
I like going to KittenWar.com or whatever it's called.
That gets me through the day sometimes.
KittenWar?
Yeah, because it's like a rate your cat site and they put two pictures of cats up and you say which one's cuter.
It's adorable.
That sounds like fun.
Okay, one more.
Oh, now that's funny.
That's funny.
See, it's a picture of Winnie the Pooh and he's saying, Tigger, please.
Get it?
That's funny.
I get it.
All right.
Your psych is then acceptable.
I will allow the psych.
Is Rob pleased with my offering?
I have a... Sealing Cat is very pleased with your offering.
Next story, please.
I don't get that crap.
Anyways, it's not surprising.
We talked a little bit about this last week.
There was a survey that went out to all the attendees of E3 this year, kind of asking them their opinions on certain things that they're possibly going to change for next year.
of the following they were offering new locations including Santa Monica, San Diego, Laguna Beach, San Francisco or LA also they were prefer our question was do you prefer to see the summit held in multiple hotel settings like it was this year or a convention center type larger facility setting
I know I'll probably speak for Bobby in saying larger facility convention center type setting instead of having to drive between hotels.
And it says also they're talking about what month you'd like, you know, options included May through August.
And then, of course, if you didn't visit Barker Hanger or the Fairmont Hotel, why not?
I hope it comes to San Francisco.
Because I was stuck in traffic.
I wasn't invited.
Exactly.
I've never flown to LA for a convention.
I swear I'll only fly to LA ever again because I hate that drive.
It's so horrible.
I drive great on that drive.
It is the most boring drive.
It is pretty boring.
You probably take the 5.
Yeah, 5 is pretty boring, but 99 is not much better.
99 has great truck stops on the way and you meet all kinds of colorful people.
It's like 5 is like field, field, field, field, mountain, field, field, field.
Pooh smell.
And cow.
Cow.
Did you do it by, what was it that Marissa called it?
Cowschwitz.
Cowschwitz.
The town of Koalinga.
Beautiful stuff.
Anyway.
TheRobD is saying, they've never driven in Illinois, have they?
Hostile1 or Misty.
I hear that people in Illinois don't know how to drive at all.
SonofDad says, E308 in Vegas for the win.
I would not mind E308 in Vegas.
I don't think Vegas would work.
Why not?
But it's Vegas.
Well, they just did, was it the ESA thing there, or EMA, I can't remember what it is, the video kind of, their big
Actdeft says E3 in Mexicali, Mexico Hell yeah, E3 in Mexico Let's have it in Tijuana, that would rock
I'm going to go to Mexico this year.
For what?
World Pump Finals.
They moved it out of Korea this year and they're putting it in Mexico.
So I'm going to have to bring soap and something to keep the dirtiness away.
And a water filter.
You guys are horrible!
I'm sure those stereotypes are not true at all.
They should have Konami's Gamer Day at Easter Island.
It's so fitting.
Blaze says E3 in Canada so Rob can get more maple cookies.
I like that idea.
E3 in Canada.
That requires leaving.
Nothing against Canada, but they're not going to have anything up there ever.
They have red PlayStations.
I love Canada, but I wouldn't.
To Brad, I will take California drivers over Alabama drivers any day.
And Florida drivers.
May I move on?
May I do a new story now?
No.
One thing you might remember we were all giddy about on this program about a year ago was the Silent Hill movie.
I remember Silent Hill came out.
We were all excited because it was Pyramid Head, like right there.
I saw it four times.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Oh god, I hope he's available Somebody just needs to shoot that man in the head You have to understand that Silent Hill now will be set in the jungle on an island There'll be a rave there
Someone needs to strap that man down and lobotomize the section of his brain that controls writing movies.
Oh, wait, they already did.
That explains his last few movies.
Well, anyway, since Christophe Gann is not on the next film, Roger Avery took a hike as well.
Now, see, what's going on is that Gann has said to a French magazine, DVD Ranma, that the sequel was ordered by Sony, but he's kind of too busy with other movies like Onimusha.
which he's adapting that game as well, obviously.
So he can't do it.
He said this, quote, If I cannot take on Silent Hill 2 myself, the director who does would need to continue in the same style as the first film.
Does that make you excited, Shane?
Except not crappy.
He did get the style right.
One does not want to make a Hollywood-style movie, and I think that it makes sense if the director of the sequel is European.
In the best-case scenario, French.
So there it is.
and Roger Avery said if I'm not going to do Silent Hill 2, if Kristoff's not going to do it.
That's fine.
We don't need them.
They should just go the way of the Resident Evil movies.
I know Resident Evil's bad because they don't really follow, well, anything.
It's kind of gone on its own tangent, but it'd be cool if Silent Hill kind of took over the world and then you have people trying to survive all these mutated evil things.
Not everybody enjoyed the Silent Hill movie, though.
I know a lot of people didn't.
I liked it, though.
Well, then they could just make a sequel for me.
Exactly.
They should have me write it.
It just stars Pyramid Head.
Seriously, they should have me write it.
I will write the Silent Hill movie.
It's Pyramid Head gone wild.
Honestly, they just need to look at the second game and then take the dialogue and then add some scenes where the action takes place and there you got your second movie.
But what I don't want it to turn into is I don't want Silent Hill series to turn into like the Halloween series where it's just like Pyramid Head kills everything.
You know, Pyramid Head at summer camp killing lovely young ladies.
Now, if they wanted a spin-off series, I'm all fine with that.
Freddy vs. Jason vs. Pyramid Head?
Oh, you know they'd both die, because Pyramid Head's awesome.
That'd be awesome.
Because nobody can kill Pyramid Head.
He has to end up offing himself.
Son of Dad says a Luc Besson Silent Hill would own.
Wasn't he the guy that did the fifth element?
That'd be pretty hot.
That would be hot.
Maybe.
Maybe.
We shall see.
Bruce Willis as Pyramid Head No, Bruce Willis versus Pyramid Head, that would be fun Sean McLean versus Pyramid Head Die Hard 5 They'd just take out the whole fucking world between them Okay, so guess what else, speaking of weird bizarreness That episode of South Park where they did the World of Warcraft thing which I finally saw two days ago is up for an Emmy
DarkSakura, DarkSakura S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Hey, shut up.
And I was so bored that I decided to watch the South Park episode of World of Warcraft.
The other way around, you know what I mean?
Did it live up to your expectations?
It was kind of funny, but there was stuff that was wrong, but I did think it was, Your son's character is going to die!
I was like, oh shit.
Mom!
Bathroom!
Bathroom!
I know people who get like that and it's so stupid, so I thought it was funny.
So does it deserve an Emmy?
No.
What's the Emmy for?
I don't know.
This is nominated for one.
It just got nominated for one.
Who cares?
It gets the Poop Award for animated defecation.
Awesome.
Well, there's going to be some good stuff coming out this week.
Not a whole lot, but some pretty good stuff.
In the US, if you're a fan of the NASCAR series, you'll be happy to know there's a new game coming out from EA, NASCAR 08, on PlayStation 2, 360, and the PlayStation 3.
Also on PlayStation 2 this week, Shimogane Tensei Persona 3, which I meant to play this week, but it never got around to it.
That is also coming out.
And then a small little game called Guitar Hero Encore Rocks the 80s.
That's going to be making its way out on PlayStation 2.
and then let's see here on the PSP we have Final Fantasy 2 which I'm trying to finish Final Fantasy 1 so I can play this.
Alien Syndrome is going to be coming out on the Wii and PSP.
Also a weird game from Eidos called Escape from Bug Island which you may know as Necronasia.
Wasn't very good in Japan so now it's mediocre over here.
And
I'm not really surprised at this, but yet another Tycoon games coming out on PC.
Ride, Carnival Tycoon, and yeah, Let's Ride Friends Forever, yet another horse riding game.
Yay, horse riding games.
And Dynasty Warriors DS on the DS, of course.
I totally misheard that title, by the way.
What did you hear it as?
Let's, what, ride friends?
I don't know.
Let's ride friends.
Let's ride friends forever.
Let horses ride friends.
That's wrong.
No.
Where is your mind?
Are you sure you're only on bike getting?
I'm sure.
And Civilization IV Expansion Pack will also be coming out this week as well.
Civ IV Beyond the Sword.
All right.
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft,
The Last Time I Played It The Controls Were Tight Enough
Also coming out in Japan, Mario Party 8, Guilty Gear XX Accent Core, and some jigsaw puzzle games coming out from Hudson Entertainment, Mobile Suit Gundam, and just for you, Jamie, Puyo Puyo 15th Anniversary.
I love Puyo Puyo!
On the Nintendo Wii.
Yeah, but seriously.
I mean, seriously, how many of those Puyo Puyo games have come out?
I have a bunch of Puyo Puyo games.
I even have the PC Engine one.
Coming out on the PlayStation 3, Major League Baseball 2K7, Mina No Golf 5, and Wangan Midnight is coming out on the PlayStation 3.
Shit, I want to practically import that game.
That looks awesome.
I love the arcade series.
I saw screenshots for that, and I thought that was kind of interesting.
It looks like it's the first game, though.
I don't know.
How would you practically import it?
Like, just get the instruction book?
Well, because PlayStation 3 is...
He would put in his order with all sorts of practicality.
Like, if I'm going to rationalize getting a PlayStation 3, that's one of the games that would actually make me want to do it, because I love that arcade.
I don't know if it's region-free for the games, though.
That's the only thing.
God damn it.
I'm not sure.
Well, hold on.
I thought it was region-free for games, not for movies.
The site that's selling this says no region protection.
Well, then awesome.
I'm going to have to import that.
Fuck yeah.
Yeah, well, me too.
Well, fuck yeah twice.
Uh-uh.
I don't want to fuck you out twice.
Oh, also, another game goes into Sega Ages.
This would be Volume 30, Galaxy Force 2 in Japan.
Are you a big fan of Galaxy Force, DarkSakura?
Um, no.
I don't know.
Nintendo DS is getting a lot of games as well.
This is a big release week for games over there.
Taiko no Tatoujin on the DS is coming out over there.
And also...
This is great.
Another Hello Kitty game.
This one's called Hello Kitty No Ashare Party Sanrio Characters Zuken DS.
Isn't that a mouthful?
It's an action game, but it has all your favorite Hello Kitty characters.
I see Twinstar, I see Kuropi, but I don't see Batsmaru, so this game fails.
Let's see if there's anything on the PSP real quick.
Alex Silvara in the chatroom says, Wangan Midnight equals Maximum Tune 2.
No, not necessarily.
The box art doesn't say it's Maximum Tune 2.
It just calls it Wangan Midnight.
What if it's all-encompassing?
I don't know if it's all-encompassing or what it is.
That would be ideal, I would think, on the PlayStation 3.
I'll have to look up more information on this game.
Oh, are you looking that up right now?
Well, I was looking.
It is region-free, and it's not that expensive either, which is good.
I'm just like, I don't know if it's all in Japanese or something, because some of those games can actually be in English as well.
I just, I don't know.
I have to be careful.
Well, on the Sony PSP, you finally get Grand Theft Auto Liberty City Stories in Japan.
Capcom's bringing that to you.
I always think that's interesting how that works intercontinental there, how different companies can bring the games.
See, because the other game that I would like to get also maybe would be Folk Soul.
You know, like folklore.
That's going to be coming over here soon.
Well, that's all I got for Japanese releases.
Maybe I can get Laird.
Well, I have some European releases, but only a few.
We have Guilty Gear Dust Strikers on DS, Guilty Gear Judgment on PSP, and they're finally getting the Pokemans, Diamond and Pearl, which was also a Prince album.
I'm done.
Wow, that was quick.
Yeah, because there's other games listed to be announced titles, but, you know, there's nothing really specific, which I would assume that some of these would already be out, I would hope.
Like Saints Row is listed for PS3.
Okay, here's the deal with Wangan Midnight and all that, is that I'm looking at Wikipedia, and apparently this is actually the third game in the series.
So this would be like Wangan Midnight Maximum Tune 3.
It's going to be a simultaneous release in the arcade, PlayStation 3, and PSP.
Hell yeah.
There it is.
That's pretty rad.
Sign me up.
That might be, I might try that.
Wouldn't it be amazing if they did that for like a good series?
You don't like that game?
I don't care about it, I've never played it
You've never played it?
Then how can you not get for that?
The soundtrack is amazing.
That's there.
I can not get for that.
It's got a Politeary song on it.
One Politeary song.
And it's good because it's No It's Usual Koshiro.
Is she like getting stabbed in the throat in it?
Maybe.
I doubt it.
It sounds like that in every song she sings I know, but I doubt it.
Let's see.
Drunami sets Miklatov on fire in chat.
SSJ100 Matt says, LOL Shane's being a dick tonight.
Tonight?
That's like I'm being a jerk again.
It never stops.
I know.
Gosh.
I always have something negative to say.
I wondered why we hadn't had you on this show in a long time, and then I remembered why.
Because I hate things and stuff.
You hate things and stuff.
And stuff.
Definitely.
And stuff.
And stuff.
Damn those things and stuff.
All right.
Anyways.
Can we move on to more news, please?
I want to end this segment.
So other things to hate...
X-07's gone, so where are we going to get some more news from Microsoft?
Well, eh, it's okay.
From rumors around the internet, because they're always true.
Exactly.
Hey, same goes with Sony.
We'll get into that a little bit later.
But anyways, yeah, there's no real X-07 this year, according to Microsoft exec Aaron Greenberg.
Instead, they are going to be trying to do some sort of other event that will be taking place in the UK.
So, yeah.
I don't know.
Other event?
Party at Chuck E. Cheese.
They don't have Chuck E. Cheese over there.
I want to go to Chuck E. Cheese.
Chuck E. Cheese is nasty pizza, though, but they do have good pizza.
Mike's Incredible, or John's Incredible Pizza, or whatever it is.
Yeah, that new one here?
Yeah, we should go there.
They don't have that in the UK either.
Do they have, like, Chuck E. Cheese type places in the UK?
What do they call it?
Do you have Pizza Time Theater, please?
Please email me right now.
I want to go to Chuck E. Cheese to go play Pump It Up.
I would figure you would know, Jamie, because you're up on your British culture.
But I don't care about Chuck E. Cheese.
Oh, right.
I haven't cared about Chuck E. Cheese since it was showbiz.
Maybe somebody will email us and tell us.
Let me know if you have Pizza Time Theater, please.
All right.
In fact, speaking of emails, we're going to get to the mailbag very shortly here and read the avalanche of emails that came into our mailbox this week at mailbag at orangehunter.com.
Thank you, everybody.
But first, this was a big story here.
Peter Moore has left Microsoft.
That's right.
Peter Moore has become very well known lately.
He's kind of like the face of Microsoft at a lot of these events.
Peter Moore, EA Sports
is what his new role is going to be.
So even though he's gone from working for a giant console maker to a publisher, that's still nothing to blink at.
That's still a very important role.
EA makes crap loads of money.
And if you're wondering who is going to replace Peter Moore, well, it's going to be Don Matrick, who comes from EA.
He's coming from EA.
So there you go.
And it'll be interesting to see if this has any type of changes on Microsoft's PR, but probably not.
Probably not really.
It's going to be the same old stuff.
Let's see.
Son of Dad says Peter Moore quit to go work at Showbiz.
Well, you know what's funny?
You know where Reggie Fils-Aimé came from?
You know one of the places he worked before he was at Nintendo?
Pizza Time Theater.
No.
Panda Express.
Really?
Yeah.
But I mean, look at, you know...
The Panda Express is nasty.
But it's everywhere now.
It's insanely popular.
So I don't know if that was his doing or what, but there you go.
No, it was the doing of people addicted to MSG.
Maybe.
All right.
Anyhow, we mentioned the mailbag's coming up, so let's get into the mailbag.
DarkSakura likes to read your emails that you send us every week.
Well, DarkSakura is forced at gunpoint to read your emails that you send to us twice a week at mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com.
So let's get out the old...
Gun, and I'll just shine up the gun and point it at Jamie's head.
No!
Let's read some emails.
Or I'm going to pull the trigger.
Hey, Rob.
What?
S-T-F-U-M-F.
I'll shoot the kitties.
I will shoot the caturday.
Oh, no.
Okay, we got two whole emails.
Thank you, people, because I can't really read very well right now.
Um...
I am heading to Anaheim, California from August 3rd through 7th for BlizzCon.
Okay, everybody look for this guy.
Are you guys going?
And if you are, I want to grab some food and a restaurant.
I want to grab a restaurant too.
And most likely other people from World of Warcraft Radio, I guess.
I hope you guys don't think... Okay, never mind.
This guy's just inviting us to lunch.
Who's that from?
SpeedyF40 Yeah, he's plugged the WoW radio thing before You know, if you were there the last weekend of this month, then you can go to Disneyland with me if you pay How does that work?
I am not going to BlizzCon, none of us are going to BlizzCon, but you know who is going to BlizzCon?
Blizzard is going to BlizzCon!
from his sister and her fiancé who both also play WoW in our guild.
So look for Extifer.
I actually want to send him with the tape recorder and microphone to do some interviews at BlizzCon because I think it would be hilarious.
He should.
So that's going to be your OLR representation at BlizzCon right there.
But unfortunately, because of the move and everything, it's too close to the finances for me.
It probably doesn't help also that all the tickets sold out within like a few hours.
That didn't help either, and I was out of town when they went on sale.
Otherwise, I might have bought one.
Oh, well.
It would be interesting to see me go to BlizzCon because I have no interest in World of Warcraft.
Drunami says if we hang out with WoW Radio, we should say hi to TotalBiscuit.
I don't know who that is, but I'm sure somebody listening does.
Hi, TotalBiscuit!
Can I read the next email, please?
You may.
Okay.
Hey, OLR crew, it's me, Neki.
Sorry I haven't emailed in a while, but I've been really busy.
Been loving the show recently, by the way.
Warning, this might be really long.
No, I've got longer.
Sorry.
You don't quite meet the longest email category.
I've seen longer.
I've seen plenty longer.
I've seen thicker.
Can I read, please?
Yes.
You perverted people.
What?
I was talking about emails.
Shut up.
Boo-hoo, my 360 died earlier this week, and although it's a pain in the ass, Microsoft is very good at cleaning this up.
I had to phone twice, second, because I forgot my original mobile, no.
But I was only on hold for at best 10 minutes each call, so thanks should go to Microsoft for their good support.
The extended warranty shows that they are taking responsibility for it, so I am understanding.
However, dot dot dot dot dot dot dot, the expected time I will get my Berk 360 back is over one month.
Also, did Microsoft say they have fixed the problem with the new Xbox 360s?
If so, I intended to shell out for a new 360 instead.
The good point to my 360 dying is that I finally have dug out my old PS2.
Some of the games seem unusual now and look bad graphics.
Another thing is that the PlayStation controllers seem tiny after using the Xbox 360 controllers alone for five to six months.
Dude, you want to see tiny?
Try playing with a dual analog controller for the Saturn and everything will look tiny to you.
Trust me.
Also, a note on email last week.
I fully support younger online players who are online.
I am now 15.
I can truthfully say that I am definitely more mature than other even 30-year-old players who use the N-word.
Anyway, I'm not going to let this go on really long, so bye, Neki.
P.S.
This is good gramming speller LOLs.
Well, I could point them out, but I'm not going to because I'm too doped up to be a bitch tonight.
and PPS, look for me in the chat room.
I saw you there.
I was going to say something.
Hi, Necky.
You're so lying.
You didn't look.
I did.
No, Necky popped in and I even voiced him.
All right.
And Necky is one of our listeners from the UK, so to be in our chat room right now.
Dude, your parents know you're up.
There was a question in there about the Xbox 360 and have they fixed... It's 3 a.m.
Well, have they fixed the problem on Xbox 360?
I believe they have.
Didn't they change the chips that were going in the Xbox 360 as part of to change that problem, Loki?
No.
Am I wrong?
They didn't change chips.
They changed the heat sinks that were on the graphics chips and stuff.
And all the new ones are being fixed, I guess.
So then the new system shouldn't have this problem.
Theoretically, unless there's something else that goes wrong.
All right.
Well, we'll see what happens.
So that's it for email.
Yes.
I have an email.
The Rob D in chat confirms they changed the heat sink so heat distribution is different.
There you go.
I have an email.
You have an email?
Yeah, I got it right here.
Okay.
It says Dear Orange Lounge Radio.
What's up?
I'm going to Comic Con.
It's going to be awesome.
Dude, this is you.
Because you told us this before the show.
Well, I thought maybe if you needed me to do something down there for you guys, I could.
Because I'm not going as part of any sort of group, except for the awesome group of Shane.
You have to hunt down Udon Crew for me.
I actually have a couple artists I want you to hunt down for me.
Yes, I have an assignment for you.
I'm not taking... No, no, on behalf of Orange Ons Radio, this is what I need you to do.
I want you to go down to Comic-Con, and I want you to go to the Heroes panel with a big burlap sack, and I want you to push Siler into the sack and bring him back to Sacramento with you.
How does that have to do with video games?
And then have him here.
It actually has nothing to do with video games, but it has to do with the wellness and well-being of our program.
Oh, but I already... He said, I want Siler here in my house when I get back.
I claimed Siler, I'm sorry.
You suck.
And all the BSG people I like.
Ooh, and the 4400 people I like.
You can have Helo, I just want Siler.
I totally get Helo.
There you go.
So, anybody going to Comic-Con to have fun, I'll be having fun for at least one of those days.
The Heroes and Battlestar Galactica panel days.
They do some video game stuff at Comic-Con, too, though, right?
Yeah, they have a Phoenix Wright thing that I'm going to go to.
And there's cosplayers.
Who I'll probably hit if they come near me.
And they'll probably have the cast of the new Who Wants to Be a Superhero where people get cash and prizes.
They have old Fat Mama or whatever.
She's going to be there.
Rockin'.
I love Fat Mama.
And somebody else.
I forget.
Awesome.
Let's see.
WonderDogHerald says, Miglatov should get the Comic-Con only Penny Arcade poster for OLR.
Yeah, why don't you do that?
Work on that.
What?
Penny Arcade?
I hate them.
Why?
They're really big jerks in real life.
I love them.
I was in line with one of the guys buying a hamburger at E3 two years ago.
Yeah, I've never had a bad experience.
What happened with you?
I was in the one-up...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Son of Dad says Comic Con will have a big Capcom presence.
If you like Capcom.
Devil May Cry 4
Oh, that's going to be there?
Yeah.
Oh, I'll go play that.
I really wasn't planning on doing anything video game related, except for some producer of the Ace Attorney series is going to be autographing things, and so that's why I want to go over to their booth.
And I know Konami's doing something, but I don't know if it's anything beyond Yu-Gi crap, so maybe some Silent Hill if I cross my fingers enough.
Do you think there might be anything Disney-related, possibly, that could show up?
I don't know.
Wonder what you're hinting at.
I don't know.
I don't know what you could possibly be hinting at.
I don't go on the internet ever.
Well, I just happen to know that Disney is a very popular cartoon series and could possibly have a relation there.
I don't know.
All right.
Let's go to a break here on Orange Lounge Radio.
We definitely need a break now.
We'll be back with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcast to the world twice a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
