Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream
twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links
to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio here on this Sunday evening.
It is July the 8th of 2007 and of course Orange Lounge Radio tapes live on Sunday nights and
releases our show in two parts to our RSS feed twice weekly and about the time you're
getting this right now, E3 is going on and of course as we talked about in part A, one
of the things that Sony is most likely going to be announcing at E3 is a $100 price drop
for the PlayStation 3.
However, as we do record the show live on Sunday nights, sometimes things change as
the show is going on.
Yes, Loki?
Yes, it's not a secret anymore.
It is official.
They have announced that the PlayStation 3 will be dropping or I should say the PlayStation
360 system will be dropping to $499 actually this week.
The other announcement though is coming in August, they're going to be releasing the
80 gig model that's going to be also bundled with a retail copy of Motorstorm.
That is going to be at the $599 price point.
So everybody loves that $599 price point but at least it's nice to see that they're bundling
a game in there as well.
I don't know, a little bit more for your money but still not a whole lot.
But that's probably going to be announced again at E3 and during Sony's so-called
press conference but just thought we'd like to let you guys know about that.
Now onto other things, of course with E3 right around the corner, one thing that we loved
last year and they're doing it again is Microsoft is going to be doing that bringing
it home thing where they actually have videos and demos from the show floor almost.
Last year we got to play Test Drive Unlimited and MotoGP 2006 and there was one other one
in there, I don't know, fun stuff.
So this year though, who knows what we're going to get but we're going to get more
of that, more demos, more game trailers and stuff like that, more free themes hopefully
and also they're not the only ones doing that.
This year Sony is jumping on the bandwagon, so they say, and are going to be doing something
very similar on the PlayStation Network as well, you're going to have downloadable
demos and videos and whatnot.
So awesome, I can't wait to download new demos because I like playing demos.
Do you think, just indulge me here as silly as this thought might be, do you think that
Microsoft might pull out a price drop of their own?
Possibly.
They're not going to just be like, whatever.
I don't think they need to but now that Sony dropped their price, they might pull
that thing where we think that our price point, even though it's $399, is so competitive
with their price point but they might be going by the elites, still even though their elites
are $20 less supposedly.
Do you think they might throw in a free game or something to make them feel more lucrative?
They may throw in a free game, like maybe Halo, Forza, Halo, something like that.
I don't know if they'll do Halo but probably Forza or something but there may be a game
pack-in, there may be also a price drop.
I hope that they do a price drop, it might be pretty cool but I don't know.
Not guaranteeing anything but I think if they did, it would definitely help.
SSJ100Matt says, not until after Halo 3 comes out, would there be another price drop?
They very well might hold it off until after Halo comes out and just say, boom, here you
go, price drop, let's sell some systems.
Let's talk about real quickly another game that a lot of folks are anticipating that's
going to be getting a demo of its own, it's Blue Dragon.
Of course, a lot of folks are very excited about this because it's not very often you
get a Japanese-style RPG on an Xbox system but we're finally starting to see some this
year thanks to Eternal Sonata and of course Blue Dragon.
Eternal Sonata had a demo come out already but Blue Dragon will be getting a demo on
Xbox Live Marketplace July 20th.
There is a Dengeki online magazine in Japan that is claiming that a 1.1 gigabyte demo
is going to be coming out over here in the US on July 20th.
It's going to be a two-hour demo if this story is correct.
It's going to be a pretty intense demo.
It's only going to be available though for two weeks.
The demo will disappear on August 3rd.
So now it almost sounds like it's a beta test or something even though it's not an online
game.
So I don't know what the hell else to call it.
It's a limited-time demo.
Kind of interesting.
It's just an incentive for you to play it, I guess.
But a two-hour demo?
Really?
That's pretty cool.
That sounds like a really good idea, especially if the game is going to be a bunch longer
than that.
I think they're trying to give a percentage of the game to get an idea of it.
It is supposed to be one of the first Xbox 360 games that's on two disks.
Interesting.
And then I also think about your typical Xbox early adopter is not someone who's typically
into these type of Japanese RPGs because a lot of folks who have not picked up an Xbox
360 still, they do like these games and aren't impressed with the fact that Microsoft doesn't
have them out.
So maybe having a very long two-hour demo is kind of a way to show these folks who maybe
bought their Xboxes for the maddens and burnouts of the world, give them their really first
experience in a Japanese RPG and try to get some people sucked into the world through
that.
I don't know.
Just a thought.
Kind of go back a little bit with the whole PlayStation network doing almost like the
bring it home thing, I really do hope they do this because lately their downloads and
stuff and their content online has been pretty crappy.
And if they start kicking it up to maybe the Xbox Live level, that would be pretty awesome
and that would definitely help them because I know right now the 360, there's no shortage
of new demos and games coming out each week.
All right, well I will definitely be looking forward to the Blue Dragon demo and I'll
be downloading it.
I'm sure as a lot of you folks listen to the show, we'll be.
Well speaking of Xbox news, the Xbox 360 Elite is actually going to be, excuse me, actually
launched in Japan on October 11th and the price is going to be 47,800 yen, which in
US dollars is 390, so they're getting it cheaper than we did.
Good for them I guess.
Well I guess they need to be selling more Xboxes over in Japan, so why not release it
deep, eh?
They're trying.
All right, well if you're in Japan and you've been holding out for an Xbox 360, maybe now
is the time, who knows.
Well, kind of continuing on with the trend of exclusive games being lost, or not exclusive
games being lost, but becoming exclusive for the 360 or being delayed on the PlayStation
3, Fatal Inertia, this game has been delayed for a while, it's supposed to be I think a
launch title for the PlayStation 3 and now it's finally going to be coming out in September.
Now the only problem though is the PlayStation 3 version has been delayed indefinitely, so
the Xbox 360 one will be arriving September 11th on my birthday, awesome, and PlayStation
3 possibly later on if it's not canceled by then.
Very interesting.
I mean, there's been plenty of games like this, Splinter Cell, Devil Agent, Ghost Recon
Advanced Warfighter 2, hell, Rainbow Six Vegas, just kind of continuing the trend that the
PlayStation 3 is hard to develop for.
This is very interesting, kind of taking another topic here from Xbox 360 world, Forza 2.
You know, you can create your own cars in Forza 2, right?
And you can create these cars and you can actually sell them in their little online
auction.
Well, I'm surprised it took this long for a story like this to come out, but some knucklehead
has put up this car that says, White Power, Hail Hitler, you know, all that crap.
It's probably some 13-year-old trying to look cool, which this is not cool, but you know,
somebody made this car and put it up, there's a huge swastika on the hood and everything,
ah, just all this crap, they put up there on the little online marketplace thing within
Forza, a little online auction where you can buy the cars.
And of course, one of the blogs, it looks like 360 Gamer, got a picture of it, put it
on the internet, of course this exposes this whole problem to what happens when you let
users sell their custom-created cars on the game.
I'm surprised it's this and not, you know, a giant twat on the hood of a car or something,
it's all sorts of offensive things.
Fuck me in the butt, like, written on the side of the car.
I mean, this is just the tip of the iceberg, folks.
So how exactly do you stop this from happening?
Does a set of eyes have to look at every car that goes up?
Do you just allow this kind of shit to go on there and hope that people will warn or
whatever they need to do?
What you need to do is they should have something, you know, report abuse or report, you know,
this as a, you know, something like that.
You know, if it's, do you think if it's breaking, you know, the terms of service or whatever,
have it be reported and then they can take it down, you know, kind of like eBay.
You know, and of course, Microsoft has their whole little online user policy that says
you won't use our services to discriminate against, you know, somebody for a race or
whatever, even though whenever you sign on to Xbox Live and you play some online game,
it's usually, you know, NNNNFFFF and all those, you know, words getting dropped like crazy.
Part of the charm, and I say that with over sarcasm there, the charm of Xbox Live, that's
why I only play Xbox Live with friends.
I very rarely will play Xbox Live with strangers, and I rate every single one of them too.
If I play Xbox Live with strangers, they get rated by me every time I rate them good or
I rate them bad.
It'll be interesting to see if Sony, what Sony does in their whole future plan for online
gaming as well.
Well, other stuff.
Yes.
Yes.
Other stuff has to do with Gears of War, the soundtrack.
Usually the game is so popular that they are releasing the score to the game on soundtrack,
you know, with tracks such as Train Ride to Hell.
Wow, if I had known there were more songs like that in Gears of War, I might have tried
to play it longer, although it was kind of frustrating me like crazy.
You know what?
They've been doing soundtracks to video games for years in Japan, and we're just now getting
all this goodness, just in recent years.
We've had some, like you'll get like spotty, like Gran Turismo 2 had a soundtrack, I remember
that.
We do get the Silent Hill soundtracks over here.
Yeah, they're very spotty, but you see them once in a while, but of course you think in
Japan, my god, like every role-playing game that's major that come out of there has a
deluxe soundtrack that comes out, five-disc Chrono Trigger soundtrack.
With art books attached to them, like my Final Fantasy VIII soundtrack.
Kind of interesting that over here you get a Gears of War soundtrack, but you know, the
game's still insanely popular, it's always in that top ten list of the lightest.
Oh, they're doing this though, because these games come out, well I'd be like, well I really
want the music to this, and you know, I've actually got the new whatever Mana game just
came out soundtrack.
Or how about like Grand Theft Auto, you know, Vice City.
But that was all like actual, you know, radio music.
How sad that they never came out with a box set for Grand Theft Auto 3, that had some
pretty good stuff, especially on that like techno trance station that they had on there.
I think that iTunes also opens the doors for a lot of this too, because there's more and
more game music on iTunes lately.
Like you know, I know we had a story a few weeks ago about how Konami put a lot of their
old classic songs up there, so it's kind of neat what you can find online, and shopping
online as well.
Anyways, interesting things you can find online, excuses as to why the Red Rings of Death come
up on your 360.
One such excuse apparently is surge protectors.
This is coming from gamepolitics.com, apparently somebody has been, or got a response back
from Microsoft saying that the surge protector was the cause of the Red Rings of Death.
And the reason, because the 360 is highly sensitive to reductions in power, even the
slightest cut in power can cause things like the fans and DVD laser to malfunction.
Surge protectors can cause this, and probably 90% of the consoles they've seen fail in
6-12 months of being plugged into a surge protector.
I call bullshit, since I believe the problem with 360's air malfunctioning is overheating,
or actually the heat sink on the graphics chip becoming dislodged somehow because it
gets so hot that the actual solder melts.
So I'm not buying it, who cares, they're fixing it, there's a 3 year damn warranty
on the things.
Yes, we'll be talking more about that later on in the show, Microsoft's response to the
whole Red Rings of Death thing, but first a game, let's play a game, because it's a
little bit of a slow news week thanks to E3 being right around the corner, I mean there
has been some big news this week as things start to leak out before E3, but during a
slow news week we like to play a game, so tonight we're going to play a little bit of
Listless.
And the way that Listless works you guys, we're going to be creating the definitive
list around a certain topic, and the 3 hosts here in studio are going to play, and Jonas
is here with us, we haven't heard a lot from him in this segment, but he's been sitting
here in studio with us, joined us during part 8, he's here with us, how you doing Jonas?
Doing fine, you?
Alright, very good, explicit, also known as in the online world.
And you're going to be going to SacAnime this weekend too.
Yes, and of course I've talked to you guys about SacAnime, not sure if you guys are going
to be able to make it.
We'll be there, we don't know about the panel yet though, so let us know.
I'll try as much as I can to get you to get the panel there.
For the whole 3 people in Sacramento listening to this program, because this is a worldwide
show, but we're hoping to get more.
That's why we're going.
Yeah, I can help promote this stuff.
Alright, sounds awesome.
Alright, well anyway, we'll talk about that later, but tonight we're going to talk about
Listless, and tonight's topic is the most random thing we'd like to see at E3 this year.
Now this is how it's going to work, now you can do serious things, crazy things, stupid
things, there is no limitation.
You can be serious, you can be stupid, it doesn't matter because ultimately it will
be in the hands of the chat room.
The way this is going to work, I will name my top 3, as will Dark Sakura, Loki, and Explicit.
Is this like a game or just events or things?
It could be anything, it could be an event, something that happens at a press conference
or it could be a game that's announced or whatever.
So anyway, chat room, if you'd like to make some suggestions, you can start yelling those
out in chat, but chat, you'll actually play an important part, because once we name our
3 lists, then the fun part comes, we're going to go around and each one of us will take
something off of the list.
So that's going to leave us with a list of 8, in chat room you're going to vote for your
favorites, and we will come up with a definitive list based on the chat room vote, that's how
listless works.
This is an old game we used to do years ago on my college radio show, it's lasted this
long.
Alright, anyway, so again the topic tonight, the most random thing we'd like to see at
E3 this year, it doesn't matter, be serious, stupid, whatever you want, because the chat
room will ultimately decide what it's going to be.
So let's start it off, explicit, you're our guest tonight, why don't you start us off,
what would be the third most random thing you'd like to see at E3 this year?
Bill Gates getting pied in the face.
Bill Gates getting pied in the face, ok of course that happened once, ok, so it's kind
of, kind of, like go back to, go back to good old times, where you know, people would pie
Bill Gates in the face, ok I like this, I'm going to write that, pie Bill Gates, and what's
what's with the, why do you think someone would want to pie him in the face at E3?
Well I mean it has happened before, ok, and you know everyone's talking about the red
rings of death.
Oh so you think someone will like, you know maybe a cherry pie, to put a red ring of death
on his face.
Yes.
Actually I shouldn't say that because somebody's going to totally misinterpret that.
We don't mean someone should actually do this, but it would be kind of, it might happen.
Come on, pies in the face are funny, that's what Bozo the Clown used to do.
Alright, but if you actually do it, it's your ass that's going to jail.
Alright anyhow, low key, if you would, your number 3 thing you would most like to see
happen at E3?
Nintendo actually releases online games, or games that are online, Nintendo actually releases
an online game to the shock and awe of many, we knew, oh god this is inevitable, somebody
was going to drop that one on us.
Alright, say no more, alright, well let's see, I'm going to go next, because we'll save
the best for last, Jamie.
Alright my number 3 thing I would like to see happen at E3, I would like to see Sega
publicly apologize for what they did to the Sonic franchise, I would like to see Sega
have a press conference and go look, our bad, so that's my number 3 thing.
Um, my number 3, if you're ready.
I am, I was just typing that into the computer, Sega publicly apologized for Sonic, alright
yes.
I'm showing up killing everyone from G4.
Lovely so Pyramid Head will come in there with his sexy self and kill everyone from
G4, not really, because again we don't want to get sued or watched by the FBI or anything,
we don't really mean that, but Pyramid Head could, you know, come in there and lay the
smack down, this is silly or random.
Alright, I hope the chatroom lighted, the Rob D says that is pretty random.
Alright, uh, Jonas, your number 2 most random thing you'd like to see happen at E3.
Alright, okay, um, I have the sense of this because Jamie said the person is banned in
Orange Dawn's radio.
Alright, uh, if it's, if the initials are JT, he who shall not be named, you can use
that or Voldemort.
Him showing up at E3.
So Voldemort attends E3.
That would be pretty random, what would he be doing at E3, because you know the rumor
is he was going to go to Penny Arcade Expo but they couldn't work out an agreement there,
so what would Lord Voldemort be doing at E3?
Who knows, he'd probably try to censor as many games as possible.
He'd be carrying the pie, that's what it is, that's what will happen.
Alright there you go, uh, Loki, your number 2 most random thing you'd like to see happen
at E3.
Uh, less of what I, this is more than likely going to happen, um, because, you know, stupid
things come out each year.
But more crappy games announced based off TV series, like, uh, Dancing with the Stars
or um, god, I don't know, are you smarter than a 5th grader?
Hey Paula the game, hey Paula the game, if there is a god in heaven, please do not make
this happen.
Hey Paula the game, uh, let's see, my number 2 thing I would like to see happen at E3,
I would like to see Nintendo not announce one of their systems coming out in a new color.
That's what I'd like to see happen for once at E3, I'd like to see Nintendo not announce
one of their systems out in a new color.
I think that's self explanatory.
Jamie?
Number 2 should be we, um, be invited to be the official E3 podcasters.
So Jamie's showing a little bit of ego there, OLR the official ambassadors to the podcasting
universe for E3.
So I'm going to put OLR named E3 podcasting ambassadors, is that good?
And why would they pick us?
Because of my boobs, I don't know.
So then ambassadors with emphasis on the ass.
Whatever.
Alright, OLR sells out at E308, uh, alright number 1, the number 1 thing you would like
to see happen at E3 this year, uh, explicit.
Okay, this might get me a little hated here, but um, Halo 3 delayed or cancelled.
Halo 3 delayed or cancelled, that would be pretty funny.
This would be funny, I wanted to see the, what the families would say about this if
they say it was delayed.
I don't, I don't actually see it, but remember this is random or whatever you want, so this
is your little sick fantasy is that you want to see the Halo fanboys have a cry.
Loki the number 1 thing you would like to see happen at E3 this year.
This honestly is something I really hope to see.
Duke Nukem Forever gets a street date announced.
And it actually sticks.
Duke Nukem Forever gets a street date, or they could come out and say it's out today.
Oh my god, if they did that on Xbox Live Arcade, oh, oh, that would be awesome.
My number 1 thing is that I would like to see at E3 all the old Kensha Hall exhibitors
picketing outside the auditorium.
Or how about like, you know, pickaxes and torches and...
Because they're chanting, hell no, we won't go, and all that stuff.
Alright, Jamie, your number 1 thing.
Sky's voice the game.
Please explain this classic O.L.
Aryan joke for the sake of our new listeners.
It was Rob singing Bumblebee with different lyrics.
So Konami announces Sky's voice the game.
Yeah.
It's their latest in their Bomani series.
Thank you, my ego feels good for that.
Alright, there we go, so let's recap the big list we have here.
This is very wordy, you guys.
You might have to kind of lean in a little bit to see this, but I'll make the font bigger
there so we can all read.
Let me just kind of make that nice and easily readable.
Or not.
Alright.
Your arm's in the way, Rob.
That was hard to read.
I'm sorry, guys.
We'll, of course, post this in chat.
I can see if your arm wasn't there.
I'm working on it.
Okay, I'm trying to separate some of these out a little bit, the ones that went on two
lines.
Alright, here we go.
The list as it stands right now.
Most random things we'd like to see happen at E3 2007.
Pie Bill Gates in the face.
Nintendo actually releases an online game.
Sega publicly apologizes for Sonic.
Pyramid Head shows up and kills everyone from G4.
Lord Voldemort goes to E3.
More crappy games based off of TV series, like Hey Paula the Game.
Nintendo not announces one of their systems coming out in a new color.
OLR is named E3 Podcasting Ambassadors.
Halo 3 is delayed or canceled.
Duke Nukem Forever gets a street date announced.
Kensha Hall's exhibitors picket outside the theater.
And Konami announces Sky's Voice the Game as the latest in the Bomani series.
It's a pretty good list.
But unfortunately, this list is not perfect.
So we need to go around and take ones off the list.
So explicit, we'll start with you.
Which one of these items is not worthy of being on the list?
They're all good, but...
This is hard tonight.
This is hard tonight.
Yeah, this is hard.
Hmm.
Oh, man.
Take something!
I guess I'll have to play the little dance music while Jonas thinks there.
I had to go with Nintendo and not announce one of their systems coming out in a new color.
Because you know what's inevitable?
That's actually going to happen, right?
Yeah.
Alright, so explicit takes out the line about Nintendo will not actually...
Whatever.
It's gone.
Doesn't matter anymore.
Loki, which one of these is not worthy of the list?
No.
Bill Gates getting pied in the face.
Bill Gates is normally not really at these events too much, you know?
If it was like Peter Moore getting pied in the face, maybe.
I don't know.
Alright.
Let's see.
What would I like to put off the list?
I am going to pull off the list.
I'm going to pull off Duke Nukem Forever gets a street date announced.
Because come on, it's the laughing stock of the industry and we can't have that ruined
at E3 this year.
It was a good thought.
It was a good one.
This is just hard.
It's a hard list.
It's a hard list.
So, Jamie gets the last to remove.
What are you going to take off the list?
He who shall not be named showing up at E3.
Yeah.
Because it ain't going to happen.
Yeah, we wouldn't want that.
It's invite only, bitch, and you're invited.
We don't get to crash this party.
Alright.
Incoming large paste into chat.
You guys are going to vote for your top two, your number one and your number two.
The order is important.
I will assume your first answer is the number one.
You're going to send a private message to Sky in the chat room with your vote.
You know, real quick, sorry, this is kind of an afterthought, but not on the list.
It'd be funny to see the people at Gamecock, the ones doing the EIO thing, to actually
have a Trojan rooster come to the E3 thing and try to see if they can get him to put
it in there.
Everyone will jump out and, you know, alright.
Here are our finalists for tonight's list list and we're going to open up voting to
the chat room right now.
Vote for your number one and number two picks.
We'll tally them up during the next few stories and reveal the answers to you later in the
show.
Here we go.
Things we'd like to see at E307.
Nintendo actually releases an online game.
Sega publicly apologizes for what they did to Sonic.
Pyramid Head shows up and kills everyone from G4.
More crappy games based off of TV series.
OLR named E3 podcasting ambassadors.
Halo 3 delayed or canceled.
Kensha Hall exhibitors pick it outside the theater.
Sky's voice the game.
Why didn't I take that off the list?
Sky's voice the game announced by Konami.
Alright, there you have it.
Let's get back into the gaming news while the votes come in.
And I'll start off with a story here, kind of going to PC gaming, which we haven't talked
a lot about.
And the quintessential these days PC game, I mean, it is the most popular.
World of Warcraft.
And of course, if you're a World of Warcraft player, you know that gold farmers are a pain
in your ass.
And Blizzard did a good job with their latest patch though.
They really managed to squelch the amount of spam that was going out thanks to the limitations
they made on trial accounts.
But that just means the gold farmers have gotten a little more creative.
I am actually still getting tell spam once in a great while from gold farmers, but it's
gone way down.
But this has got to be one of the most creative things we've seen in a long time.
And that is that these folks now are creating level one gnome characters and killing themselves
in the main alliance town of Ironforge and spelling out the name of their website.
I'm not going to read the name of the website, but you can see pictures around the internet.
All these corpses laid out in like.com such and such site.
I don't want to plug the site because they're cunts for doing this to the game and need
to just stay the hell out of the game.
But you have to give them props at least for being creative.
Why can't we see this kind of advertising in real life?
Blizzard, by the way, one of their reps wrote on their own forums, I ask that any player
that witnesses these to report them straight away.
If you feel so inclined, you can also post the realm name and zone here and I can see
what can be done about getting them handled that way.
Please once it's reported, leave the bodies alone, do not linger around or huddle near
the bodies.
In other words, don't give them the attention that they're looking for.
Apparently I read somewhere else, somebody actually caught one of these like midway through
like it stopped and like you just see all these bodies saying.com, you don't see the
rest of the site name because I guess the Blizzard folks banned the IPs for too long,
but kind of a creative way to get around.
If nothing else, it's very creative.
I'll give them that even if they are annoying as hell.
Going to the chat room, James Patrick says, that's awesome, dead body advertising is great.
Sephiroth1215 says, yeah, it kind of sucks, but for those sad lives of WoW players, it
is really funny.
Hey, wait a minute.
That's me you're talking about.
Jerk.
All right.
More news.
Well, I tell you votes.
Well, for anyone who plays Second Life, apparently there is now going to be a build of Tokyo
in Second Life done by Tetsuya Mizuguchi.
He's doing actually a reimagined Tokyo for the I'm trying to actually get a little bit
more on that.
Right.
They're doing it actually completely recreated Tokyo from what it's saying.
He wants to do what Tokyo appears to both locals and visitors, something that's a matter
of perception.
So as he's quoted, actually saying a museum of Japanese pop culture.
So yeah.
Kind of interesting.
I'd like to see how that turns out.
Yes, very.
Even though I don't really want to play Second Life.
Anyways, interesting thing also coming to PCs, Dead or Alive Online is coming to PCs
pretty soon and it's supposed to be a brand new game in the series.
It won't just be some stupid port and so yeah, you will be able to see the Dead or
Alive jubilees, I guess, bouncing up and down on your PC in high res.
Hooray.
But you like that, yes?
Oh yeah.
Don't get me wrong.
It's awesome.
Unfortunately, as it is on PC, it's been done before by other companies and they've actually
had it where you can strip clothes off of people and stuff while you're fighting in
the game.
Well, hey, this Dead or Alive game, of course, there's a lot of Dead or Alive games on the
Xbox 360, but thanks to the red rings of death, some folks have not been able to play them.
Well, the internet threw a fit, even the UK was starting to investigate Microsoft and
finally Microsoft this week said, all right, enough.
We fucked up.
We're sorry.
Peter Moore came out and said, quote, you've spoken and we've heard you.
Good service and a good customer experience are areas of the business that we care deeply
about.
Basically, we've not been doing a good enough job.
As of today, all Xbox 360 consoles are covered by an enhanced warranty program to address
specifically the general hardware failures indicated by the three flashing red lights
on the console.
This applies to new and previously sold consoles.
So in other words, for three years, and the Xbox 360 hasn't even been out that long yet,
your console's covered.
If you get the three rings of death, you don't have to pay to have it fixed.
That means all the people who bought extended warranties.
Well, they may cover other failure.
This is only for the three red rings of death, so the extended warranty does cover all the
other things that could go wrong, but certainly a lot of folks are applauding Microsoft for
this move.
Now, it would be nice if the three red rings of death would never show up in the first
place, but since Microsoft can't magically cure all the 360s that are already out there,
I suppose this is the next best thing.
Any thoughts from the folks here in studio on the whole warranty policy change?
I think it's pretty cool.
Glad to see that they're actually covering this stuff anyways.
And then hopefully, I'm assuming since the rumors have been going around that they're
redesigning the cooling on it, that this will fix the problem, and any of these consoles
that are still out there that are failing because of this will get fixed, and we won't
have to hear about it anymore.
Apparently Peter Moore has actually joined our chat room, or someone impersonating him.
Peter Moore says, we're sorry, have this three year warranty for the three red lights.
See, one year for every light, there you go, bravo.
Nice.
So, there are three lights?
I guess, yeah, I got the error one time.
I'm joking, Rob.
I hate you.
You know what?
Mailbag segment's canceled tonight.
Okay.
You can read it.
No, I don't want to read it.
I had to read it last week because you weren't here.
When you send in your emails to mailbag at OrangeLivesReader.com, obviously we care very
deeply about your emails that you send in to us.
We fight over who gets to read them here on air.
Dark Sakura's going to open up the old mailbag and read some of her favorites for you right
here in the mailbag segment.
Dark Sakura, dive in head first.
Mailbag at OrangeLivesReader.com.
Pull some emails out.
What'd you get?
The first one comes from Devin.
Dear Rob, Jamie, and Loki, last week you put out the call for developers to listen to the
show to write in, and in that regard, I qualified.
Three weeks ago, I started working at Bottle Rocket Entertainment.
The team responsible for the Mark of Kree and its sequel on PS2 as an environment artist.
Oh, that's cool.
For the people unsure what that entails, it's pretty much what it sounds like.
Environment artists build the art assets for the level in the game.
Since I just started recently, I have no grizzled words from the trenches of the horrors of
game development, but I wanted to write in anyway as I've been listening to your show
since last fall.
Actually, I wanted to thank you guys for the work that you do.
I listen to OLR and other podcasts at work, and it makes my day that much more enjoyable.
In fact, aside from the caffeine, I basically had to subsist on podcasts to get me through
the last bit of art school before I got this job.
I love OLR in particular because your enthusiasm for your program shows, and as a result, every
episode is guaranteed to entertain.
Thank you for all the work you put into this.
One last thing.
My point of view of game development might be somewhat myopic at this point, but I know
people have questions, and I might be able to provide some answers.
I can't talk about anything related to the projects we're working on, but if any of your
listeners want to know what it's like working in a game company or how best to break into
the industry or anything like that, I might be able to help just putting that out there.
Sincerely yours, Devin L.
Well, maybe we'll have to have Devin on the show at some point.
Ask a developer.
That might be kind of fun.
That'd be cool.
But that's kind of neat to know that people on the inside are listening to the program,
and that always makes us feel pretty good, you know.
And certainly we were talking about the guy that worked for the Japanese developer.
He actually was sending me some pictures from Japan.
I actually have to show you.
He sent me some pictures from a pinball arcade in Japan, so I have to show you.
Nice.
So, kind of cool.
So thank you to the developers that listen to this show, just like any other listener.
We really appreciate your support.
Well, we got one from the Rob D. Yes.
I was listening to last week's show on the way home from work yesterday, and yes, my
end quiz will label you as super spastic if you suck in that game.
I'm always amused when an issue with this word comes up, because it shows a giant cultural
divide between the USA and the UK that no one is really aware of.
For whatever reason, the word spaz is highly offensive in the UK, even to the point of
the Spastic Society, a nonprofit organization to aid those with cerebral palsy, changing
its name to SCOPE.
In the US, the surfer lingo of the SoCal area made the word spaz a common insult among youth
to this date.
A few years ago, Tiger Woods got in huge trouble with his UK fans when he said that he had
played the best I've played for years, and as soon as I got on the green, I was a spaz
during last year's Masters.
Of course, Americans had no idea what the problem was.
Merriam-Webster doesn't even mention cerebral palsy and its definition of the word spaz.
A little side note, whenever I hear spastic, I think of spastic, colon.
Anyway, back to the email.
Although not the most popular, by far the worst and funniest documented case that's
happening is when an American wheelchair manufacturer decided to export one of their products to
Great Britain for sale there.
Unfortunately, the name of this product was called, I kid you not, the spaz with two Z's.
You can imagine how well that went over.
On one hand, I feel sort of bad for the wheelchair company, but the name was cool in the first
place.
Isn't that kind of like selling a walker and calling it gimpy or marketing head gear for
children with really bad teeth as the most unpopular kid in school brand?
Anyway, I guess the closest analogy I can make is if some Asian company wanted to make
a humorous shirt that said, I'm chicken on the front and accidentally, instead of using
the word cock instead of chicken, not realizing how offensive it is.
Great show.
I keep up and keep up the good work.
Maybe you'll actually get to 500 episodes like I accidentally said you already had on
your five-year show.
Rob D.
You know, I find the term scope offensive because it makes me think of mouthwash, which
in turn makes me think of the dentist and I find dentist to be highly offensive because
of what they charge me when I go in there to have my teeth cleaned.
So I find that term to be offensive.
So obviously I'm just messing around, but you know, we learned, we learned a lot about
some of those cultural word differences last week.
You know, I had no idea that that was an offensive term over there, but you know, it's just a
part of the world we live in and all those funny little cultural differences.
So more stuff, more stuff.
Oscar once again, thank you, um, and yeah, Rob, you were drunk, quit denying your past.
I do this time.
I'm just going to read.
I swear.
I wasn't drunk.
I think that's what anybody thinks.
Thanks a lot for introducing me to the song anniversary from powder, powder, paradise
with a question mark.
I've been listening to it every day, multiple times a day, bolded ever since.
Yeah.
Can you tell that I love it?
So yay for Rob.
Rob is cool.
Rob fan mail for the wind.
Yay.
I want to get Loki or Jamie out.
So you all kick ass.
Smiley face.
I'm boo.
I want to be by myself.
Rob, your beloved listener, Oscar PS supernova location test back on.
Maybe during the time it was canceled, they made the game better.
Thoughts.
EMUs maybe.
Uh, wasn't there some news on the whole supernova testing this week?
Like it's back on now.
In fact, I think it was posted to our own site, but that was the wonderful, the wonderful
dark Tetsuya actually stays on top of a lot of that stuff.
Apparently.
Yeah.
The supernova two test is back on again for July 12th, 2007.
That's funny because that would be right around the same time as E3, but yeah, that's what
is floating around the internet apparently.
All right.
So can I read more email please?
Of course.
Thank you sir.
May I have another?
Hi, Orange Launch Radio.
This is a quick email from Maury.
Um, unfortunately for the past two weeks, my computer has been relatively out of commission,
so I wasn't able to send along this message any sooner.
Excuses, excuses.
But congrats on five years and two weeks and two weeks of being on the air, uh, five years
and two weeks as of today.
Yeah.
I've listened to your show for about a year and a half now and since the last few episodes
of the original OLR to go edition of the podcast, you guys are the only show that I can actually
sit down and listen to all the way without losing interest and short.
You guys are great.
Thanks.
And we have a tilde at the end of the things.
Thank you.
But besides that, a few weeks ago I heard someone mention the Sega Pico at one point
in the episodes.
I have fond memories of mine, which is currently sitting in a box in my closet.
I actually pulled it out and played around with it after hearing that basically it was
Sega and edutainment.
I did, however, have something vaguely resembling a touch pad, which I forgot about.
Any who, considering the apparently huge amount of systems Dark Sakura owns, by any chance
does she have one?
This has been something I've been wondering about for a while since obviously I have nothing
better to do.
Um, actually I do not own a Pico.
I came very close to purchasing a Pico at Toys R Us, but we bought a Nomad instead.
I figured Nomad Pico, you know, Nomad high on the pedestal.
However, I actually have been looking for a Pico since last week, but bills and I'm
going to Disneyland at the end of the month, so Disneyland greater than Pico.
Tea cups are better than Pico.
I know and I'm going to freaking ride the hell out because the tea cups go faster at
night, Rob.
I'm going to get you for going to Disneyland on the weekend, I have to move, which in turn
will probably be no OLR that week, but you know, we're changing studios, so yes.
And in closing, thanks again for your awesomeness and I hope to actually call in on the show
one day.
Oh, and Sky's game tap promotion made me subscribe to it.
Not quite as big of a purchase as a $60 game, but still, I thought it was worth mentioning
Maury, possibly the second youngest listener at 14.
That doesn't help because people think I'm already like up there in bed with them, but
I swear I'm not.
I just, you know, think they're good.
Well, I have to say though, 14 and having, I have to say for a 14 year old, you have
some of the best grammar in an email I have ever seen.
Nothing was misspelled.
You had one typo.
I have to say that you are shining example of the educate, of our public education system
working unless you go to private school.
So who's this again?
Maury.
Maury, our listener of the week, everybody give it up.
You are the, you are the emailer of the millennium.
So there you go.
This one is by Schwall 22, I guess.
Hey guys, been a while since I've written and I had to create Loki's misuse of a word
last week.
When referring to a mentally handicapped person, it's a retard example.
That guy is a fucking retard.
When referring to music, that's r-i-t-a-r-d, short for retardando, which means to gradually
become slower.
I actually was the one last week that said that retard is used in music, but I knew it
was the misspelling, but you still say it the same way.
Well, that's just two different spellings, same pronunciation.
Oh well, keep up the good work.
I really have been enjoying the show.
Oh, oh, more people should play Overlord.
It's funny as hell.
Buy it so we get a sequel.
Okay.
Will do, chief.
Hey, Loki, retard your anger.
Next email, last email is from NintendoManiac64.
Hi, hola, bonjour, guten tag, konnichiwa, et cetera, although actually it's evening
for us, so it would be konbanwa, anyway.
Oh my god, picky lady.
This is me, Rob.
I'm gonna go get a water.
Oh, whatever.
This question is pretty much unrelated to OLR, but I may need the input by a largest
group of people, aka the chat room, and not be completely ignored due to the uber speed
that the comments travel at in the said chat room.
Anyway, I'm finally going to be in an M3 perfect, which is the slot two version to replace my
broken supercard CF, which had a connector pin.
This has nothing to do with the, well, you said it had nothing to do with the show.
Okay chat room, I'm just gonna read the question, okay.
It said, to replace my broken supercard CF, which had a connector pin and the CF slot
break off.
Yes, I tried to solder it back, and it still doesn't work.
My question is, if you or the chat room know if there are any mini or micro SD cards that
are four gigabyte but not SDHC, since the M3 perfect isn't compatible with SDHC.
I'm still not sure if I'm gonna get a two gig or a four gig SD card, but if there are
any four gigabyte mini or micro non-SDHC cards, my problem is solved right there.
And if anyone yells in the chat room and get an R4 or something, he needs 32 megabyte of
extra RAM.
Okay, whatever.
This has nothing to do with the show.
I'm not gonna read your answer.
Email people, okay.
Your answer, your question fails.
And we have an email from Sauce.
This says, dear Rob, there are four lights.
Love Tiara.
Yes.
There are four lights, but only three show.
I can't wait to play Rob's Voice the Game 2, Iraqi Suicide Babies.
I'm sorry, I left the room when I heard Nintendo Maniac 64 send an email, but then I heard
my name.
Just kidding, hearts.
What's that?
This email's from Sauce.
Dear Rob, there are four.
Yes, but when the system breaks, there's only three that come on.
But, but, but, but.
What's it say?
P.S.
I can't wait to play Rob's Voice the Game 2, Iraqi Suicide Babies.
Because four blinking lights means that your AVC is unplugged.
Best email ever, except for the 14-year-old that can spell shit.
All right, close the mailbag.
We're way over time.
Mailbag is belated.
All right, if you want to send us emails, mailbag at orangelaundrado.com, and maybe
Jamie will make fun of you on air next.
Or compliment your grammar.
I would actually like to see, we should have a grammar contest.
Let's see if there's some 13 and 12-year-olds that want to send in some emails and try to
one-up Maury.
Wouldn't that be exciting?
Awesome.
So, anyways, I guess the ongoing quest to get Mother 3 translated is going pretty well.
Now two teams have kind of joined forces on the project, and I don't know.
No word on yet when it's going to be done, but, well, actually, no, I guess there was
a small update.
They said that they're shooting for a release this year, so, awesome, I guess?
I don't know.
Not much a fan of Mother 3, but, great.
I fucking love Earthbound.
Why doesn't Nintendo, I don't know, translate the game themselves?
Because they're dumbasses, because they would rather redo Pit Cross and release it on the
DS.
There's so much Nintendo hate tonight.
I apologize to the Nintendo fans, but I don't.
It's all right.
Next week will be Nintendo love.
That's true.
I know there's a lot of love for this this week.
Rock Band had some footage hit the internet, and a lot of folks were very, very happy about
this.
I'm going to play this in studio here, because I'm sure not everybody has seen it.
Oh, never mind, I can't.
It got taken off YouTube.
But basically, okay, imagine Guitar Hero side by side three times, then Karaoke Revolution
on top.
That's kind of what Rock Band looked like, and the video I guess was leaked to the internet,
so then Harmonics kind of had to step in and put something a little more legit out there
and kind of confessed to what was going on, and mentioned that the song that you heard
in there, Welcome to the Jungle, was just a demo song and may not actually be in the
final version of the game.
But that was so awesome.
It looked like a shitload of fun.
Did you guys see the clip?
Oh my God, yes.
Yeah, it looks good.
The only negative complaint I've heard on it is that maybe the karaoke part is too small,
which could be very hard to see on a regular TV.
I don't know about that, but it looked pretty good.
But doesn't everybody have a widescreen HDTV these days, huh?
It's not so much that, but shouldn't everyone...
Sony thinks so.
Shouldn't everyone know the lyrics to Welcome to the Jungle?
I mean, shouldn't you know this song by heart?
I don't know the lyrics.
Welcome to the Jungle!
Well yeah, I know parts of it.
I don't know...
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no!
See, I could just make it up.
I don't need the...
You know, there's other words in there too, but who cares?
Will this game let you cheat like Karaoke Revolution does?
No, they supposedly have a thing that detects the phonics in your voice, so that you're
not going to be able to go, you know, like, what was it?
It's the end of the world as we know it, where it's like, uh, you know, the whole song.
That's how I sing It's the End of the World as we know it in Karaoke Revolution.
Have you ever played any of the Japanese versions of Karaoke Revolution?
I have not.
They actually make sure that you are pronouncing everything right.
Wow.
They're very, very specific.
Let's see.
Rob D says that was the greatest rendition of Welcome to the Jungle ever.
Why they...
See why they want Sky's voice in the game?
Ego plus five right there.
Plus four strength, plus four stamina, plus four ego.
Act Deft says, is telling the Rob D, Harmonic says it won't be that expensive.
Oh, because the Rob D said Rock Band equals expensive game I won't be buying.
So I don't know.
It could be fun though.
Jamie will buy it because she loves those types of games.
Actually, I will probably get suckered into buying it like I did with Guitar Hero 2 and
then I won't play it again.
Gonna be good times.
I will not do the Karaoke portion of the game though.
I think I might.
Please.
No.
One time on the show do the Karaoke.
Never.
Please.
Can't you do Welcome to the Jungle?
No, but you just did such a wonderful rendition.
Oh, shut up.
I hate you.
Well, even though I hate Loki right now, I still love Jamie for now.
So I will allow her a chance to share with you all her website of the week because she
was out last week.
So she's got to make it extra good this week.
Dark Sakura.
I was dead sore last week.
Where should the kids be pointing their websites, browsers this week?
The website of the week is newsescue.com because it's Kevin Smith and I don't need to tell
you anything else.
It's freaking Kevin Smith.
So it's like news for View Askew, which is Kevin Smith's production company.
Yes, it's Kevin Smith.
So just go.
And there's a link on there for drinking games too for each of the movies.
Oh, that's fun.
I think that is really awesome.
Good times.
Newsescue.com.
There is a View Askew website and one of the others is moviepoopshoot.com.
One thing I always liked about Kevin Smith, from what I remember, because I was reading
up on Dogma a lot because I was really interested in that movie when it first came out and I
liked the movie a lot, I seem to remember that Kevin Smith will actually post on his
forums and stuff.
He's actually got a blog update too called My Boring Ass Life.
The internet did forgive him for Jersey Girl though, right?
I think so.
I think it's fair to say.
I never did see Clerks too though.
I should hang my head in shame.
I need to go rent it.
I do need to see it.
How did I miss it?
I just don't watch any movies anymore.
It's sad.
And Kevin Smith has a MySpace too.
Does he?
I should add him.
I love The Evening With Kevin Smith.
That's one of my favorite DVDs ever.
All right.
Newsescue.com.
Check it out when you're taking a break from the games.
Has Kevin Smith admitted he plays video games?
I would imagine he does.
He seems like a big nerd.
I don't think so.
Well, how come there hasn't been a Jay and Silent Bob video game?
That's what I want to know.
Maybe someday.
Good question.
Anywho, there's some interesting news coming from Australia.
Apparently a sort of affair between a 31-year-old woman and a 17-year-old boy went awry and
she was arrested for kidnapping charges.
The whole thing took place over World of Warcraft where apparently the 31-year-old, I'm just
going to assume that she was a MILF, because she's, well, no, of course not.
Anyways, then again, if she's hitting on 17-year-old boys, who knows?
I know.
MILF?
Does that mean like mom is large and fat?
Is that MILF?
Anyways, so apparently she was creating this deep and trusting relationship with her barely
legal boyfriend for more than a year.
How do you form a deep and trusting relationship on World of Warcraft?
I will give you this four-strength, four-stamp leather belt if you will eat my pussy.
I don't know.
How do you do that?
Or I'll give you a Leeroy Jenkins.
Is that a new sexual term?
Is that what these two say during, oh, I shouldn't even say that.
I shouldn't use that, that's bad.
Never mind.
But anyways, apparently she was going to meet the boy and they were going, because she lived
in Australia, but she was going to meet him, I guess he lived out of country, and basically
take him with her and they were going to fly to Australia and he was going to live with
her.
Apparently, the parents found out about it and had her arrested.
Wait, so she was Australian?
Yeah.
Oh, wow.
What's wrong with you guys in Australia and your MILFs and, no, I'm just kidding, obviously
it's one bad apple ruining the barrel.
I'm sure the media hasn't gone crazy with this story about how World of Warcraft is
predator for children and blah, blah, blah, Dateline NBC special about the scary MILFs
on Warcraft reaching out, buying plane tickets for 17-year-old boys.
The boy lived in North Carolina, so I would assume that the age of consent, of course,
here is usually over 18.
That's a long plane ride.
He'll probably be 18 by the time he gets to Australia, so what's so wrong with that?
The time zone changes and the Dateline, you know?
Exactly.
He's 18.
Exactly.
All right, well we are just about done with all these stories for tonight and we are going
to be opening up the Skype line for you guys to call in and interact with our program.
If you want to give us a call, you can call us on Skype.
Our username is OrangeLoungeRadio or you can call us on our 800 number or I should say
877 number.
That's 1-877-GAME-OLR.
That's 1-877-GAME-OLR.
We will take your calls very soon, however, first we have another score to settle and
that's tonight's List List.
We need to know who won tonight's List List.
The topic tonight, of course, most random things we'd like to see at this year's E3.
We have winners and let's reveal them now.
Number three, the number three thing our chat room would like to mostly happen to E3 this
year, Halo 3 gets delayed or canceled.
A lot of bitterness towards Halo 3 in our chat room.
The number two thing, according to the OrangeLoungeRadio listeners and therefore the definitive
number two thing that must happen at E3 this year, Konami announces Sky's Voice the Game.
The number two thing that happens this year and the number one thing that the folks would
like to see happen at E3 this year, so this must happen, this is the number one demand
of the people.
This is the people saying this must happen.
Pyramid Head must show up and kill everyone for E4.
There you have it, tonight's definitive List of the needs of E3 2007.
All right, let's open up the Skype line and take some calls, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Did they do a good job tonight, you think?
I think they did a good one, I don't know.
I think they came up with a good list, I don't know what you guys think.
All right, let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
Ravenstaufen.
Oh, surprise, surprise, how did you get through Ravenstaufen?
My new Mac, that's why.
Do you have us on speed dial?
Yes.
All right, well it worked.
What's on your mind tonight, buddy?
Well, the E3's coming up and I know everyone's really excited and the thing about it is it's
very small.
Does it feel weird to you that it's now instead of it was in May?
To me, it was around my birthday and I was like, yeah, E3's coming up and I'm like, now
it's like E3's up?
Well yeah, but at the same time as we were kind of saying in part A, just because it's
a smaller show doesn't mean the companies have any less or more to gain and there's
going to be press there that's just as, you know, as honest as there were in years past.
I think enough people have managed to get in even though it's supposed to be a lockdown
show or whatever.
So I don't really see what's exactly changed except for the fact that, you know, little
podcasters like us and little press and foreign press and GameStop employees don't get in
and Best Buy employees and all that crap.
Yeah, I guess you're right.
You know, we're still going to get the press conferences like we normally do.
So I don't see much of a change like you said, you know, we're still going to see it.
Yeah, I don't know.
I think it's going to be interesting to see what happens as E3 goes on.
It's going to be hard to say, you know, and it's, and you could say that, you know, people,
there's not as many people to tear apart the demos or base their opinion of games right
off the demos, but you're seeing the whole Xbox Live and PlayStation 3 become more and
more and more.
You know what I mean?
Like you can download those on their own live or PlayStation Network services so you can
get a lot of those demos actually.
I'm really excited for actually bringing it home.
And that's going to be really interesting because they did an okay job with it last
year.
But for the people like me saying home, I lost planets on Xbox Live.
I was at E3 last year and I still enjoyed the Xbox Live, you know, watching their videos
from the show floor because I kind of actually liked seeing some of the boosts I went to
at E3 was kind of fun.
So I don't know.
Maybe I'm just weird like that.
Yeah, I'll be home too.
But Scott got that thing on his head.
Yeah, I heard about that over at Allgame.
What the hell is that?
He got he bought a webcam for his head.
He's going to E3.
See with stuff like that, you're not going to keep people out of E3.
Where there is information, there will be people seeking it out.
One more thing, Ravenstauven?
Yeah, one more thing.
You know, I just bought this Mac and no, I'm not using games because there's no such thing
as games on a Mac.
So what did you buy the Mac for, angry one?
I bought it because of change.
And no, Loki, don't tell me.
Don't pick up that pitchfork.
He'll be OK.
No, no, no.
I'm not switching.
No.
All right.
All right.
Thanks for the call, Ravenstauven.
Take care, buddy.
You too.
Bye.
Bye bye.
All right.
By the way, Maury, our emailer of the week, sent me a private message in chat.
Maury says, just for clarification, I'm in public school.
Ah, well then, wherever you are, congrats to your public school system.
And your English teacher's mad props for me.
And mad props to you for paying attention.
I want to show you this on air real quick because there's not a lot of calls coming
in right now.
So we want more calls.
But look at this.
Somebody just sent me the link for this in chat.
This is actually what they're doing at E3.
And you can see that Scott is on.
I can see your arm.
I'm sorry.
You can see Scott is on live right now playing Texas Hold'em.
Although I think he must have it hooked into his TV or something.
He's filing a complaint against somebody right now on Xbox Live.
Isn't that weird?
That's pretty cool.
It's like reality TV gone crazy.
SSJ100Matt says link or I shut the fuck up.
My god, I'd love to do this with my cat while I'm, you know, waiting for the day.
Normally at work, you know, the cat stays in the bedroom.
I should put a camera up on the wall or something.
I tried to say hi from OLR in the chat room, but it wouldn't let me because I didn't have
a nickname.
Forget it.
Somebody else, if you're watching that whole thing, tell them we just played that live
on air.
All right.
Let's go take some more calls.
Hello.
You're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
It's Legend of Zaku.
Hello, Legend of Zaku.
What's on your mind?
Nah, just trying to get through.
That's all.
Yeah.
I just came back from anime next.
How was anime next?
It was all right, though.
I mean, I know I was rooming with Ramen, so it was even better.
Yeah.
Since I think he's not here right now, he's supposed to be calling you to give you the
scoop on everything else.
Actually, wait.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Hello?
Hey, what's up?
Oh, I put Zaku on hold because I saw you calling in on the back line.
Can I conference?
How do I conference?
Shit.
Shut up, Ram.
Hold on.
Let me see.
This might put you on hold.
Cool.
Zaku, you still there?
Yeah.
Okay.
Ramen's actually on the other line.
We just had to put him on hold.
God damn it.
How do we conference?
Oh, wait.
There's a button that says conference.
Showing current call to another call.
This is live radio, boys and girls.
Okay.
Hello?
Yeah.
No.
I'm conferencing with you.
Hold on.
We're going to call you right back.
All right.
Live radio, boys and girls.
Hi.
You still there, Ramen?
Hello?
I fucked it all up.
Ramen!
Ramen!
Ramen!
Ramen!
Ramen!
Now I just lost our entire anime next report.
Let's just call Zaku back.
Hi.
All right.
It didn't work.
So whatever.
Just give us your report and then we'll hold Ramen calls back.
What's on your mind?
Yeah.
Basically, between an agreement between me and him, I'm covering the gaming aspect of
it.
So far, their gaming room.
I mean, it has the usual stuff, Halo, Dirt Strike.
They added stuff like Guitar Hero and the inevitable 2DX setup, which was mediocre at
best.
Yeah, but that's about it.
They had tournaments on certain games, like Smash Brothers.
Was there any new stuff in the game room, stuff you hadn't seen before?
Only the Guitar Hero, from what I heard, since they replaced the DDR setup with that.
They used the 360 version.
Oh, interesting.
Okay.
And so they held tournaments on that and Gears of War.
But besides that, they were also selling a lot of imports in the dealer's room within
the convention hall.
So I managed to snag a copy of Fifth Style for like 40 bucks.
Very cool.
What about any gaming paraphernalia, for lack of a better word, like this ball-fire figure
came from something like that?
Yeah, they were all in the dealer room.
There was a lot of cosplayers, you know, dressing up as Mario and other video game characters.
But yeah, most of the good merchandise.
I bet you didn't see someone dressed up as a Wii remote.
Oh, actually, close.
An actual Wii, with the other person holding the Wii mode behind them.
Jonas, I think someone stole your idea.
So wait, they cosplayed as an actual Wii system without the Wii remote?
Yes.
No, an actual Wii system, and then this other person was holding the Wii mode for him.
I heard rumors that that showed up in SAC Anime in January.
If that is the case, I might see him on SAC Anime in July.
Which is quite exciting.
You're talking about an East Coast thing.
I don't know.
Who the hell would come to SAC for an anime convention if you don't live here, or the
Bay Area, maybe.
Yeah, you're talking about something that happened in Jersey, not Sacramento.
All right, well, all right, look.
Now stop the whole bi-coastal thing.
Zaku, anything else you want to share on the game room?
That's pretty much about it.
The only thing I can say that really pissed me off was just the fact that it was too small
and they were just controlling crowds.
Basically it had a forum.
It was basically almost like a night club where they just had people just waiting there
in line, you know, since the game room was packed most of the time anyways.
So yeah.
All right, well, we're going to go ahead and let you go so we can go to Rama and get his
side of the story on what's going on.
Anything else you want to say about the con real quick?
It was all right.
I mean, it's my first con, so I really don't have that much to say.
All I need to know is that I need to go to more conventions.
But you want to go to more cons now?
Yeah, I guess I got a plan for next year.
Oh, it's a con.
Well, I guess that's a good sign.
All right, who knows?
I may come in.
I should have planned earlier.
I'm hoping next year I'll be able to afford an East Coast con, so we'll see.
All right.
All right, later, Zaku.
All right, later.
And of course, now that I'm finished with Zaku, Rama is nowhere to be seen.
I should be able to call him back, though.
He's somewhere in the history, right?
Damn it.
Live radio, boys and girls.
I guess not.
We'll take another call real quick.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, guys.
This is Footy Monster from Argentina.
Hey, Footy Monster.
What's on your mind?
We're waiting for Rama to call back, but he never did, so we're taking another call in
the meantime.
So what's on your mind?
All right, then I'll make it fat just in case he calls back.
It's all good.
Take your time.
I'll let you know if we see him.
All right, then.
Just two things I wanted to point out.
One thing is that, well, picked up, quote unquote, kind of illegally, Nervous Breakdown
for DS, which is an Arkanoid Breakout clone.
That sounds like fun.
And it is really good.
It's a game you wouldn't pay two cents for, but it's actually really, really good.
It starts off as a normal Breakout game, but really quick, it begins to have different
skins and different gimmicks to the game.
Instead of having one paddle, you have one on the bottom screen and one on the top screen,
and you've got to make sure that you don't flumb with the ball in the middle.
You might have a ball that starts going faster and faster, which is second, or you might
need to blow into the screen to have the ball go up a little bit all the time instead of
keep going down, because sometimes you're on a scrolling screen, and you're always going
up.
It's like you die and stuff like that.
It's really weird, but it's actually pretty fun.
How do you control that with the stylus?
All with the stylus.
There's no buttons whatsoever.
Do you drag the paddle around?
Yeah, you drag the paddle around.
Sometimes you've got to drag just left and right.
Sometimes you can drag across the whole screen, so you can actually move it up and down, too.
And there's this level where you actually have to draw your own paddle, so you can draw
it in any shape you want.
That sounds pretty cool.
I know.
There's a team of 10 people that made it, and it's like 20 bucks or something like that,
so I'm definitely going to try to pick it up next week when I go to Toronto.
But yeah, I just wanted to let you guys know, I know there are some people that like that
kind of game on All Art, and maybe you, Sky, because you like puzzle games, but that's
a pretty good game, so you might want to try it out.
Absolutely.
I want this game, because I was a big Arkanoid fan.
Actually, there's a little part where you're basically controlling a ship instead of having
just a paddle.
It's a ship that shoots lasers, so you can actually shoot lasers and destroy obstacles
on the screen and stuff like that while you're bouncing the ball around.
Do you get to fight dough?
What was that, sorry?
Do you get to fight dough?
Yeah.
All right.
Real quickly, before I let you go, anything you're looking forward to at E3 this week?
Yeah.
Actually, I'm looking forward to everything RPG-related for obvious reasons, and I'm really
curious to see if Sega is going to announce anything related to Shenmue, like at all,
even Shenmue Online, anything.
But it's just hopeful to me that I know it will not happen, but I have to keep wondering
about it, because they robbed me from my Shenmue 3, so hey, you know.
I would say you have about as much chance of seeing Shenmue 3 as you do the public apology
for Sonic.
Yeah, Shenmue 2 sort of bombed, didn't it?
The first one was really good, especially playing Space Harrier.
That was my first Shenmue.
We probably shouldn't be getting to this, because I'm such a big fanboy that I could
talk for hours about the game, so just saying that.
One last thing, I think next weekend there's going to be a fighting game tournament in
Toronto in York University, so if you are interested, I think it's like five bucks or
ten bucks to get in.
It's like three days, and it's going to be crazy full of people, so I'm going to try
to, since I might fly, arrive on Saturday, I'm going to try to go straight there.
Well, give us a call and let us know how it goes.
If I actually want to do anything, I'll call in, you know, next Sunday.
Alright, sounds good.
Thanks so much for the call, Footy Monster.
Take care.
Okay, you guys too.
Alright, bye-bye.
Bye.
Alright, I think we have Rama calling back now.
Hi, you're on Orange Onions Radio, who's this?
Hello, you're on Orange Onions Radio, who's this?
It's Harvey.
Apparently the volume went away.
If you can hear me, we can't hear you.
Something happened to your phone.
That totally is Rama trying to call us back, too.
Son of a gun.
Ron, Ron.
I don't know what's wrong.
I wanted to hear the report, too, from a vet.
Oh my God.
SSG100, Matt, you're suddenly my hero for saying Admiral Ackbar's cereal is greater
than Night Trap 2.
We watched that, Rob, before you showed up at the 4th of July party.
We watched the Star Wars robot chicken.
I think you guys were watching some of that.
No, we were watching My Name is Earl when you were over.
That show was great.
You had a great 4th of July party, except for my killer headache, but that wasn't your
party's fault.
You want to know what, Rob?
What?
I had a headache the entire time myself, and I ended up having to sleep with an ice pack
on my head.
Oh, that's horrible.
I was in migraine hell the entire time.
The sad thing is that I live there, so I couldn't leave.
Thankfully, my boyfriend's really good friend is a physician's assistant, so we always call
him for drug advice, like, what should I be taking, because I have a killer headache,
and it worked.
All right, I don't see Rama calling back, so at least we'll go to another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Honors Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, Rob.
Able to think from the forum, so you can mute my thing.
Hello.
Able to think.
Are you a first-time caller?
Yeah, I am.
Well, welcome to the show.
What's on your mind?
Thanks for calling.
That psycho lady from Australia who decided to try to abduct, well, technically abduct
the kids from whatever state that was.
That was kind of gross.
Yeah, what is up with that?
What did you want to say about that?
I mean, does that just not make you feel good in your tummy?
Does it make you sick?
It makes me want to go grab a shotgun, and hopefully...
Well, now, wait a minute, careful what you say on an internet radio program.
You need to be shot with happy lasers.
Yes, that's right.
You want to shoot with flowers and rose petals.
Bunch of flowers.
Seriously, if a lady like that came to my door, I'd probably freak.
Well, but the thing that pisses me off about it is that it gives World of Warcraft a bad
name because nobody stops to think that, oh, this is just some crazy bitch.
But they go, oh, well, they met on World of Warcraft, so obviously all the crazies are
on World of Warcraft, which is somewhat true.
There are a lot of crazies on World of Warcraft, but we're not all crazy.
What's that, buddy?
I think you mean video games in general because that seems to be whatever everybody thinks.
Whenever anything goes wrong with society, it's all video games' fault.
That's true.
That happens.
And our crazy psycho lawyer friend whose name we must not mention.
That's absolutely right.
I know.
It's just, ugh.
Drives us nuts.
Well, what are you looking forward to at E3 next week?
Okay, I want to see if Nintendo announces a Wii hard drive.
A Wii hard drive?
What the hell would they use it for?
Virtual console games, and if they have an Xbox Live service coming on, then they're
going to need to get it so you can have more space or else you're not going to be able
to fit all your games on there.
How about they use the SD memory card slot that they have on there and don't seem to
use for anything?
Yeah, well, that would help too, but still, you have to go buy lots of SD cards, a hard
drive, or just be a single purchase.
I'm sure they'll use it for all that download content that's available on Wii Connect 24.
I know my flash drive is teaming with tons and tons and tons and tons of content, so
much so that I don't get around to playing any of it.
Well, I mean, who knows?
The Magic 8-Ball says not bloody likely on that, but who knew that Nintendo would put
out a two-screen system with a touchscreen?
Oh, and on two.
I have an FU.
Is that okay if I F you something?
Really quick, sure.
F you to spin markers because they cheat.
I can't spin my finger.
So you're giving an FU an oh and on two.
What's the problem with the spin markers?
Okay, they cheat.
It's like a nice lady.
She has to get their sweet spot or else it doesn't work.
Very well put, my friend.
Very well put.
All right, we've got to let you go, though, buddy.
Thanks so much for the call, but we're going to try and get Rama one more time here, and
we'll talk to you again, okay?
See you.
All right, thanks for the call.
We like hearing from noobs.
It's always good to hear from new people.
Ah, damn it.
Just as I went to the tab that Rama's call, he dropped.
Ah.
Oh, there he is again.
Let's try to get him.
One more time.
This is Rama.
Who's this?
This is Rama.
Can you hear me now?
Thank God.
Yes, we can.
We can hear you.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Please.
This better be good.
All right, now I'm going with my anime mixed con report, and I'll tell you this right now.
For a local con, it was pretty much off the walls.
Really?
That's a glowing reveal.
What happened?
What made this con so freaking great?
Well, one of the main important things about cons is it's just as good as the friends who
were there.
When I got there, I knew half the people there getting stuff like, hey, how are you and stuff.
The fact that it's like the way that the con is laid out, you have the expo center, like
six, seven hotels in the area, everybody's just hanging out at the holly in Fort Lorne
or they're hanging out from the expo center, and you go on the inside, you see a lot of
video game cosplay, which was really awesome in my book.
Was there a lot of gaming content at this con?
The way Zachar made it sound, it wasn't too much on the gaming.
Well I do know this much, it basically got rid of the DDR room and replaced it with Guitar
Hero.
Yeah, I guess you've kind of seen that slowly happening in a lot of cons, and pretty soon
Rock Band, huh?
Pretty much.
I would like it as if what anime had choose to have was they actually had an arcade machine
in the con itself.
People come up and play it for free, which I thought was pretty cool.
Hey, Rama, the chat wants to know, are you calling in from a TARDIS?
No, it's called Sprint Network.
You just sound like you're in a box somewhere, it's kind of funny, that's alright.
Well, Rama, how about the anime side of things?
I know you're a big anime fan, how was that represented?
Was there a lot of stuff to do and see and good guests and stuff?
Definitely.
I was able to interview a couple of voice actors, Chris Patton and Monica Rial.
They both worked for ABB and Funimation.
One thing I've noticed with a lot of cons nowadays, it's not about what's going on now,
but what's very popular in Japan.
And the biggest thing is always Final Fantasy, which is a gig, but that's starting to kind
of dwindle down.
Now you see a lot of more stuff that's coming out, I saw a lot of Lucky Star, Cosplay, I
think some SMA would be still somewhat popular.
Interesting, huh?
Very cool.
Very.
Anything else?
Any funny, funny things happen to the con you want to share with us, especially funny
moments?
Well, I was at the dead dog, which is the staff party, and the Las Vegas rule was put
in effect.
So I really can't tell you about that, but I can say this, most of my funny experiences
is that running into people that I know, and I'm like, do I know you?
Oh, now I know who you are, different costume, different makeup, and it's like, ah, I see.
Well, what happens at Anime Cons stays at Anime Cons, huh?
Definitely, especially when you're taking shots with Silco.
Well, all right, don't have too much fun over there, okay?
I don't want to be left, I was on my way back when I was trying to call.
What?
I'm sorry?
I was on my way back from the party when I was trying to call.
Ah, well, maybe that explains some of the difficulty we had earlier.
All right, Rama, we're going to let you go so we wrap up the show, but thanks so much
for calling and giving us your report, okay?
No problem.
Thank you.
All right, later.
He really does sound like he was calling in from inside a cardboard box.
We can do one more call here real quick, and then we're going to call it a night.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn Radio.
Who's this?
Hello?
Hi, who's this?
You're on Orange Lawn Radio.
This is Sinan from Finland.
Oh, wow.
We love getting listeners from far away.
What's on your mind, my Finnish friend?
I don't really have all that much in mind, I think, because it's early in the morning
over here.
I know.
You've been staying up very late to listen to us live.
We appreciate it.
Well, I was off to work at the beginning, but I've been here one hour now, I think.
Oh, very cool.
Has there been a topic tonight that you wanted to chime in on?
Something that...
No.
Not really.
While at work, I listen to the five...
What the fuck is this sound I'm hearing?
It's Rob being silly.
I think you're hearing us echoing.
It's okay.
All right, I don't think we've had someone call in just to say, hey.
It's really because I listen to the five-year anniversary show, and I thought I would just
drop in a line.
After all, I got back from work, and I thought that maybe I could call in now and never again
listen live.
Did you enjoy the five-year anniversary show?
Yeah, I did.
I've been listening to this show for about one year now, but this is the first time I'm
listening live, so I thought I would call in.
All right.
Well, welcome to the live experience, and thanks for letting us know that there's folks
all around the world that listen to us.
Hey, is E3 big news over there as well?
Are you guys looking forward to the big E3 show here in the States?
Yeah, of course.
It's always, except for now, isn't it smaller nowadays?
Well, a little bit.
I mean, but it's still all the same news.
The show itself might be small, but the news, I believe, is still going to stay the same.
Is there anything that you hope will happen at this year's E3?
I hope there will be some good information about Fallout 3, because that's a game I'm
very interested in.
Ah, Fallout 3.
What is it about Fallout 3?
Were you a fan of the first two games, or have you just seen the screenshots?
Are you excited?
What is it about Fallout that you love?
I'm a huge Fallout fan, which means that Fallout 3 I'm pretty scared about, I think, is going
to be shit.
Why do you think that Fallout 3 is going to be shit?
It's going to be Oblivion with guns.
Oblivion with guns.
But Oblivion is a freaking great game.
But I guess, you know, maybe that doesn't necessarily mean it's going to translate well
into a series like Fallout.
No, I don't think so.
And I don't really like Oblivion either.
You don't like Oblivion?
No, of course not.
What were you playing it on?
What system?
Oh, I haven't been playing it.
That's why I don't like it.
I'm sorry, I'm thinking of a different game.
It's alright.
It's getting late over here, too.
Alright, well, anything else you wanted to share with us quickly tonight before we let
you go?
Not really, I don't think so.
Alright, well, that's alright, thanks so much for calling, it was certainly an entertaining
call, we appreciate it, okay?
I hope so.
Alright.
Let's watch some other shows and look at our time.
Alright, sounds good.
And we know you have to stay up late to listen live, so we appreciate that true fandom over
there overseas, on the other side of the pond.
Yeah, two ponds.
Alright, oh yeah, that's right.
It was just a hop, skip, and a jump, and an 18 hour flight, right?
Alright, take care, buddy.
Yep, take care.
Later.
Bye.
Later.
That's great.
Not only was he, you know, he was from another country, which was kind of cool, but he just
kind of called to say, hey, what's up?
That was cool.
What's up?
How's it going?
That was rad.
That was a very fitting call for tonight, I think.
That really were.
Alright, unfortunately, I know there's still folks trying to call in, but we got to wrap
it up and get the show done and move on to our, you know, very uninteresting lives.
So we're going to now ask if there's any last minute stories here in studio.
I think I have a few things.
Well, yes, sir.
Uh oh.
There's rumors going around that Rock Band may be an Xbox 360 timed exclusive game.
The reason being is because the invitation to their Rock Band E3 presentation had the
Xbox 360 logo on there, but amazingly enough, the PlayStation logo was not on there.
Could it be a mistake?
I don't know.
Although I know from all the videos that we've seen from, I think, the EA event, the game
was being played on an Xbox 360 dev kit, not a PlayStation 3, so we'll find out pretty
soon, I'm hoping.
Other games possibly going to be delayed, Stuntman Ignition, the PlayStation 3 version
is going to be delayed for that, apparently.
Most likely going to slide from August to October this year.
So that's kind of interesting.
A game called Atari Classics has been spotted for the PSP on Gamefly.
In the past, we've noticed that, of course, Gamefly has a lot of titles of stuff that
have leaked, like beautiful Katamari before people notice or before they have the official
announcement.
Let's see what else here.
There's a rumor also going around that Mario Kart Wii may be coming out this year, but
in Europe.
The rumor is that the US will be getting Smash Bros. Brawl in 2007 and Mario Kart in 2008,
whereas Europe will be getting the opposite, Mario Kart in 2007 and Smash Bros. in 2008.
What is this, Nintendo's apology to Europe by screwing us over?
I want fucking Mario Kart.
Fuck this Smash Bros. shit.
You can all wait for Smash Bros.
I want my cake and I'm going to eat it too.
I want those things.
I want more Mario Kart.
The other one that's interesting is Battalion Wars 2 has been pushed back to October 29th
and that I know is official.
What makes that interesting though is there's no Wii game coming out in September.
So if you think about it, and this is all speculation, but if you think about it and
they wanted a pretty strong Wii title to compete against Halo 3 and whatnot, that would be
the perfect prime spot for Super Smash Bros. Brawl.
Well, I understand you guys wanted to go to E3, I mean, there's always next year.
That's right.
Some other year.
That's okay, we're having fun stomping and throwing a fit this year, it's fine.
By the way, was it FU's of the week earlier today?
Missed them.
They were early in the show, sorry to say.
I'm not angsty, so.
Oh, I was going to say you could quickly throw one out as your final thought.
Well, the only FU I had was Anime Expo, 07's organization this year, being an unorganized
and having the staff pro-screw it all over for everybody else, especially with the scheduling.
I have not been hearing good things about what went down there.
And of course, everyone heard about the whole petition of trying to move Anime Expo 08 out
of Los Angeles Convention Center.
Wow.
Yes, there's been an extreme amount of debates over it, being held unsafe, and how the hotels
are like two blocks away from the M. I say move it back to Disneyland.
They love that.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, hell no.
That was a nightmare.
All right.
Anyway, thank you very much, Jost.
DarkSakura, your final thought?
I'm going to Disneyland, bitches.
My final thought is I want candy very badly, even though I shouldn't be eating more candy,
but I really want candy.
Oh, yeah.
Don't forget about SacAnime this week.
I won't.
I won't.
Loki, your final thought?
Last but certainly not least, Loki.
I have a kitty named after an Atari emulator.
I didn't name the cat.
Some old woman named the cat.
As always, guys, thank you so much for tuning into and supporting independent podcasting
and our little show here at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Tune in next week.
We'll have all our E3 thoughts, and of course, it's not just us, but it's about you guys
here at Orange Lounge Radio.
You help make the show, and we really appreciate that.
So until next time, thank you very much.
We'll see you next time here on Orange Lounge.
See you next week.
