We're your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Wonky.
Tonight July 1st, 2007, Soulcalibur IV goes online, The World of Civilization comes to
consoles and our achievements about to get product placement.
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge
Radio.
We are that podcast dedicated to video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
Not joining us tonight, sadly, DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
She has the night off, as many of you longtime listeners of the show may know.
She's been very active in taking up massage therapy.
She has a little bit of a conflict with her schooling tonight, but the show must go on,
and joining me as always, say hello to Lokey.
Hello.
How are you doing, Lokey?
I'm doing okay.
I just scoffed down a sandwich.
Yeah, you had like a large Quiznos.
It wasn't like a...
Regular size.
Was it?
Yeah, it was a regular size.
It was a balancing act with a sandwich, and also it is spicy, so it's like, you know...
Spicy sandwich.
Regular size, black Angus steak sandwich.
All right.
Yum, yum.
Yum, yum.
But not that we endorse any particular commercial products here on this program.
No.
No.
All right.
Filling in tonight of sorts, we have Rice Princess joining us tonight.
Hello.
How are you doing?
Is your mic on, sweetie?
I don't know.
We didn't hear you there.
It totally is on now.
You're just a little quieter than DarkSakura is, so we'll just adjust your volume.
Very professional radio, but that's what happens when you're live.
Try again.
Great idea.
Okay.
Good job.
That's all right.
Say hello to our listeners, and I'll adjust you on the fly here.
Okay.
Hi, listeners.
How's it going?
Good.
Thanks.
I don't know.
If you want to tell Rice Princess how you're doing, head on over to our chat room, chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
We do tape live here on Sunday nights at orangelaungeradio.com, and Rice Princess will just be helping us get a third
perspective tonight, but also the chat room is there, as always, to give us a million
more perspectives.
Yes.
You're right.
You're in the chat room.
Maybe.
That would be the best thing ever.
Well, not in the chat room.
Four or five different opinions in the chat room.
Yeah.
And one of them's a robot.
Over and over.
All right.
Anyhow, let's start off tonight's show with a little bit of how is your gaming week, where
we talk about what we've been playing this week.
Loki, I guess you're going to start us off tonight.
Okay.
Well, this week I've been playing some interesting things.
Some have actually, you know, people have been questioning why I'm playing them, like
the Transformers game, for one.
I was playing that on 360.
It's okay.
It's kind of like I like the game like I like Driver 3.
It's a poorly put together game, and it has some blatant flaws in it, but it's okay.
It's just like what?
The same type of graphical stuff?
Okay.
Let me put some examples in place here.
When I first started the game, immediately there was a big pileup of cars in the street
because they couldn't figure out how to turn the corner correctly.
So that was kind of funny.
The other thing is if you throw anything at anything in the game, you know, pretty much
like you can throw a road cone at a building.
Well, what happens is when you hit something with said road cone, shrapnel comes off the
building.
Well, that shrapnel hits another building and then more shrapnel comes off that building
and sometimes it goes back to the original building.
So you can literally destroy an entire block by just throwing a road cone at something.
And so that's kind of fascinating at the same time.
First comment of the night, Dark Tetsuya in our chat room says, Loki, testers not doing
their job?
Of course not.
It was definitely a rush game.
Is it that testers aren't doing their job or is it that testing gets their corners cut
because the game has a strict deadline of trying to be out in time to move?
I think it's probably corners cut.
That's what I figured.
But other stuff that's kind of crappy in the game, oh, the very first boss that I fought
in Autobot's campaign killed himself.
Suicide man.
We were fighting in this, I don't even know what it's supposed to be, like a power plant
or something like that and they have all these explosive, I guess, propane tanks or something
all around.
And unfortunately, you set off one and the whole place goes up.
So he was just swinging this giant chain at me or something and I got knocked back by
the first propane blast and he got caught in the middle of all the other ones going
off at the same time.
So I actually never fired one shot at him and he ended up killing himself.
A lot of our chatters are big fans of Transformers, looking forward to the movie.
And I understand you actually got to see a little sneak peek of the movie.
I got to see the movie last Wednesday.
Awesome.
How was it?
It was awesome.
Why?
What was awesome about it?
It was awesome because the action in the movie is just non-stop throughout the thing.
It's very similar to Independence Day, how it jumps back and forth between different
character story arcs and stuff like that.
So you've got that plus in the beginning of the movie when Scorponok comes out and stuff,
spears a guy through the chest and pulls him into the ground.
Right there I was like, fuck yeah, this is going to be awesome.
Any spoilers?
There is a couple of spoilers I was going to mention.
These are kind of cameos towards the end of the movie.
Remember that rumor going around that there was going to be an Xbox 360 robot in the movie?
There is, briefly, a cameo because the Allspark causes things to come alive.
So one of the things that happens to get set off by this is a 360, so you see this guy
carrying it out of a GameStop or something, but it busts out the side just for half a
second.
And then there is a Mountain Dew machine robot, which is funny, shooting cans at people, so
brief little cameos there.
But it is an excellent movie, highly recommended if you like action movies.
If you are looking for a deep story line or something like that, you are not going to
find it here, but it is good.
Okay, unfortunately we are radio and not television, so you can't really see everything that goes
on here in studio, but Rice Princess is making her patented Laura Roslin face.
And the Laura Roslin face is, if you've ever watched Battlestar Galactica, you know, what's
the actress' name?
Mary McDonald?
Is that it?
I think that's what it is, yeah.
Like, you know, the actress, whenever something negative happens, she has this very distinct
look where she kind of scrunches up her nose and her mouth, and like Irene or Rice Princess
has that look down pat.
So when she's displeased with something, it's the Laura Roslin look.
So why are you giving this review of the Laura Roslin look?
Okay, the Xbox turning into a Transformer.
It's in there for like two seconds.
I know.
It's quick.
That's like subliminal advertising, like ew.
I mean, come on.
The cars that are in this movie are being used as advertising.
Yeah, but you didn't see an Xbox 360 in the original Transformers cartoon.
Well, it's been updated.
They didn't want them to look all blocky and stupid like the cartoon.
That's okay, but there were cars in the original one, so of course there's going to be cars
in this one, but an Xbox 360, come on, Microsoft.
They don't even show the 360.
All they show is the white premium box and an arm punch out the side, you know, and that's
it and the guy drops it and it's there for literally one to two seconds.
I would drop it too because it's an Xbox.
I caught it, you know, real briefly, but a lot of people probably won't even notice it.
It does not detract from the film whatsoever.
It's not like, let's call Xbox 360 robot.
He will defeat everybody.
I mean, it's not anything like that at all.
So he will charge you, you know, 800 Microsoft points for every projectile that he throws.
Exactly.
There are a few.
Yeah, it's a good movie.
I liked it.
I cannot wait to see it again.
I keep forgetting that Rice Princess is like really anti-Xbox and Microsoft.
Then remind me again real quick, why are you so-
I'm not super anti-Xbox and Microsoft.
I'm not.
I don't even know much about, you know, Microsoft to really hate them.
I just don't prefer them.
Like they're very underwhelming to me.
Didn't you tell me it has to do really with the games that they offer though, that there's
not a lot of like- That's what I'm saying, like I'm very underwhelmed
because they don't have anything to offer to me.
Everything appeals to me on that system.
You need to see the Eternal Sonata demo though if you haven't yet because that seems like
a Japanese RPG.
I have actually seen it and it does look really pretty and I would totally play it.
Maybe Blue Dragon in the future?
She made the Roslin face like a second ago, you're getting so good at that.
I know.
I've been practicing for a long time, but yeah, I don't know.
Blue Dragon might be cool, I don't know, we'll see, but definitely the other one looked really
good.
All right, anyhow, let's see, Ross Steel UT seems to agree with you in chat room.
Xbox 360 is all first person shooter.
It's not all first person shooter.
He also says, listen to Loki blindly defend a shitty unrelated marketing ploy.
It is a blatant ploy, but the whole movie has blatant product placement everywhere.
I mean come on, a fucking Mountain Dew robot.
Enough movie chat, game chat, sorry to interrupt your gaming week, but anyways, what else?
Other than that, actually I bought Nellie the Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
for the Wii, which I might add has the worst cameras ever in a game, it's so awful, but
she likes it.
It's Harry Potter.
I think she actually finished it.
I forgot that was out.
Do you really cast spells with the Wiimote and everything?
Heck yeah.
It's okay.
It's just the whole game, it sounds fun, you get to cast spells and stuff, but the whole
game is doing tasks for people.
It's like running around this stupid place and doing meaningless tasks like, I've lost
my stuff.
People have hidden it somewhere in Hogwarts.
Go find it.
Well, thank you for giving me no hints whatsoever and Hogwarts isn't exactly small, so it takes
a lot of time and there's also a lot of things where if you forget what you're supposed to
be doing, you go back and ask them, they won't give you any hints to what you're supposed
to do or something like that.
A lot of the puzzles are hard to figure out what they want you to do.
The combat in the game using the wand and stuff is pretty stupid because Nellie didn't
really have a grasp on any sort of strategy, so she was just swinging the remote around
like crazy and it won every battle.
It's cool if you love Harry Potter, you'll definitely like the game.
I would recommend though, probably don't get it on the Wii, maybe get it on the 360 or
the Playstation 3.
The Wii-mote waving for your spells is not all that, it's not all that.
I'm not sure if in the normal, like the 360 and the Playstation 3, if you use the other
analog stick as maybe a camera look or something, but I know in the Wii version, it was hard
to even face in the right direction for certain things.
You'd be facing at what you want to cast a spell at, pull out your wand and you'd turn
around.
It's like, come on, what the hell?
It looks cool.
The other games I've been playing on the PSP, I actually Wipeout Pulse, which is not out
over here in the U.S. yet, but it's okay.
It's just like Wipeout.
I've played a lot of Wipeout Pure before and it's very similar to that.
Looks almost like a Playstation 2 game, but pretty awesome, so that's going to be coming
out in September.
The other game I've been playing is Final Fantasy, the remake on the PSP, and that's
actually really awesome looking.
You showed that to me and I played it for about 15 seconds and I'm so fucking sold
on it.
The game is freaking gorgeous.
The screenshots don't do it justice.
The game looks so beautiful.
It's amazing.
It's just amazing.
We're actually going to get married, me and the game.
You and Final Fantasy are going to get married?
We totally are.
We've already discussed this.
The last game I was playing was a game called Zainid Revolution, I think, and it's a sequel
to an Xbox shooter game, like one of the shoot-em-ups that came out probably very late in the Xbox
life cycle.
It's kind of different.
This one now is a 3D shooter.
You're kind of going towards the screen, I guess.
It's still got the shoot-em-up aspect stuff in the game, but after seeing games that are
free, like No Gravity and stuff, I'm sorry.
The background of the whole game is just a full motion video and you can see artifacts
and stuff, it's just not very good when a free game like No Gravity does everything
in real time and it looks amazing for no money.
So I'd probably hold off on buying that, but it's pretty cool, though.
Definitely get Final Fantasy and Final Fantasy II when those come out.
Awesome games.
All right.
I'll go next.
Ashley Rice Francis, why don't you tell us about your gaming week?
Okay.
My quite substantial gaming week that consists of just nothing, really.
You didn't play any games?
I played WoW.
Oh, oh, oh!
Did we get into what we're doing with WoW?
Go for it.
Why don't you tell us about what we're doing with WoW, since you play nothing but World
of Warcraft these days?
Yeah, pretty much, because I don't have time.
Now, just to say, because some folks might go, then why should I believe anything she
has to say about gaming, but that's just because your living situation right now, you just
don't have any...
I work two jobs.
I don't have time to game.
Okay.
So shut your fucking face, people.
Anyway...
Why are you on this show?
I don't really know.
To say...
To cuss a lot.
I don't know.
Okay.
But we're going to be creating a twink guild.
What's a twink guild?
It's a guild...
I know we've had this discussion on a previous show.
I'm not going to go to the porno-related side of this.
Just tell us straight up.
What is this guild all about?
The guild's all about PvP.
We're going to be doing Mursangulch and Narathi Basin, and we're going to stay at level 29,
because it's like... so we can do AB, and it's the first one we can do it at.
Everyone knows what twinks are.
They're just the really super awesome characters that have all the best gear and all the best
enchants and all that stuff, and we're going to make it based on Battlestar Galactica characters.
That's the nerdiest part, is everyone in the guild's named themselves after a character
from Battlestar Galactica, and the guild's called what?
The Frackers?
The Frackers.
Isn't that the best thing ever?
Stupidest thing ever.
You're the stupidest thing ever.
What level have you gotten your character up to for the PvP guild?
I haven't even made it yet, but we've been in discussions for it.
Even mine's level 6.
What's your name again?
It's Liadama.
Liadama?
Oh, you nerd!
Liadama's mine.
Shut up.
You shut up.
Mine's going to be Tyrrell, because he's hot and sexy and nobody likes him, except for
me.
So I'm like, whatever, I'll take his name.
Who else do we have in our PvP guild?
A lot.
I'm pretty sure there's a Roslin.
I think...
I don't know if there is a Roslin.
One of our guilds said they wanted to be a real bitch, so we said do Admiral Cain.
Yeah, oh my god, isn't that the best thing ever?
She's my hero.
So that's pretty much it on my end of the gaming week.
Alright, let's see.
Rasteel UTS, some advice.
Price Princess, you might have time to game if you didn't upset over that useless time
sink.
In other words, stop playing WoW in your other games.
Oh man, that was hilarious.
Because you're never going to get away from WoW, huh?
Not really, no.
She's giving me Roslin face.
Let's see, my gaming week actually sadly was pretty similar.
I didn't play a whole lot outside of WoW, but I have a good reason, because I was out
of town for three days.
I was in LA and I had to do this thing for work where we stayed all together for this
team building thing away from the society, so I couldn't even get out to an arcade or
a bar or anything, so not a whole lot of time I had to game.
When I was able to play some of the games outside of World of Warcraft, I did play some
stuff on the DS, still playing Puzzle Quest, that game is fun, and I'm hoping to beat it.
And also, even though this isn't a video game, it scores me a ton of nerd points.
I've been playing Survivor, like the TV show, I've been playing Survivor on LiveJournal.
Because a lot of people play Dungeons and Dragons online, so there's Survivor on LiveJournal,
so I'm playing that.
I wasn't the first voted out, thank God.
There you go.
I was very happy about that.
That's pretty much it.
I haven't been playing a lot else with my gaming week, although I did check out that
Final Fantasy I when Loki let me borrow it for a little bit, and boy, that game looks
sexy.
I'm going to have to find my PSP and dust it off seriously with Final Fantasy I, II,
Tactics, Castlevania.
A lot of folks that were dishing out the PSP hate because it didn't have the types of games
they were looking for.
It's finally coming, a lot of those types of the role-playings and the ports of classics
that we love.
Yeah.
There you go.
I was kind of having, I was dishing out PSP uncertainty because there wasn't really, again,
it was kind of like the Xbox.
There was nothing that was really appealing to me except for Luminous, but now I'm seeing
all these games and I'm totally going to invest in one.
All right.
Yep.
I thought I'd interject with that.
All right.
All right.
Well, let's see.
Now that we've gone through our gaming weeks, perhaps we should get into some housekeeping
tonight and tell you guys about what's going on with us.
We are going to be making an appearance at SAC for Sacramento Anime.
We're going to be going to that convention, which is, I believe, two weeks off.
I think we're going to be making an appearance on Saturday, the 14th.
And for those of you that are in the Sacramento area, it's at that hotel that's across Martin
Fair Mall.
All the details we will have next week, we're still trying to work that out with the folks
and I need to make sure even all of us are available or else it's only going to be some
of us.
However, we will not be taping one of our live usual shows at this convention as we
did for Fanime.
We will be recording a special bonus show that only folks on the live journal, the MySpace,
our communities, will be able to direct download.
It will not go into the RSS feed.
So if you are interested in keeping tabs on all that type of special stuff that we put
out that's extra, check out our live journal community, which is Orange Lounge on Live
Journal, or you can check out our MySpace.
Our username is OrangeLoungeRadio on MySpace.
You think I just learned English this week.
What the hell is going on?
You did.
You did.
Geez.
Well, you know, because last week was the five-year anniversary and all, now this week,
we're just set up for disappointment.
Like, who gives a fuck anniversary?
Exactly.
Who gives a fuck anymore?
I'm surprised we're here.
When you're at the top, you got to have to bring it down a notch and like gradually go
down a bit so that you can bring it back up.
For 250 because, you know, 250 is a landmark number so you have to bring it up again for
that.
Totally right.
Anyway.
Let's see.
Other housekeeping.
Happy Canada Day.
To all our Canadians that are listening, we are taping on July the 1st.
So happy Canada Day.
To you.
It's my six-year anniversary today too.
Is it?
No.
It's the first time that we started dating.
Was July 1st, really?
Yes.
Honestly, it's not like your marriage was in April.
No.
No.
We didn't go through some weird time.
You know my parents' anniversary is July 1st too.
So happy anniversary, Mommy and Daddy, because they got married on July 1st.
And also this week, since it will be this week, to all the American folks that listen,
happy 4th of July.
And to celebrate our anniversary, we're getting a kitty.
Are you really?
Yeah, we're getting a kitty.
What are you going to name it?
Well, the two things that I thought I'd never do, and that's the two things I would never
do, buy an Apple product and get a cat because I'm a dog person.
But we're getting a cat.
I'm not buying an Apple product ever.
Not an iPhone?
I know.
One of our friends got an iPhone.
They're pretty sexy.
It was bringing sexy back.
Just knowing Apple, there will be something even better next year.
So I'm going to hold off and hopefully I'll have money because I'm moving soon.
Actually, also the countdown is beginning for the last shows in the studio.
We're going to be moving to a new room because I'm moving to a new place and hopefully a
bigger studio.
I hope so.
And definitely there will be a webcam in the new studio.
So that's something to look forward to.
Those shows will debut in August.
I think we're going to take a week off while we switch over.
And then in August, probably going to hopefully change a lot.
I'm hoping we're just going to do a new season, kind of redo Orange Lounge for the new studio
and everything.
It will be fun.
Our new kitty is going to be, she's four months old and her name is Stella.
Stella.
You already named it?
No, we didn't name it.
It's a foster cat right now.
It's in a foster home.
So we are going to be picking it up on Friday.
Jake Simmons says, name it Kitty Bobo.
And Rosteal UT says, name it Tingle.
There you go.
Can't name it Tingle.
It responds to Stella.
We'll see about nicknames.
Alright.
Also, I wanted to mention this real quickly.
You're going to be hearing this a lot, especially those of you guys that listen to a variety
of podcasts.
You're really going to get sick of hearing this after this month is over.
So we're really only going to say this once, but it is that time of year.
The podcast awards are open and nominations have started as of today.
And of course, we would be tickled pink if we could get nominated again this year.
If you want to nominate us, you go over to podcastawards.com.
If you need to know our feed URL, there's actually a thread in our forums and I'll link
that in chat shortly.
It has all the details.
Obviously, we would very much appreciate a nomination for best gaming or best people's
choice, whatever you want.
But if there's a podcast you like better, that's a gaming podcast, hey, no problem.
All we really want to see is the independent podcast prevail in this.
And last year, even though we weren't nominated, we were very happy to see that five independent
podcasts were nominated.
And that's the way we want to keep it because you know what, guys?
Those podcasts that are owned by the corporates and the big game companies and the big gaming
magazines, they don't need the exposure.
They have lots of ad dollars that go into their print, their TV.
They don't need the exposure.
But the independent folks, a podcast award can really help them out because when we won
it in 2005, it really did help us out.
So please make sure an independent wins it, guys.
If it can't be us, we definitely would like to see another independent win it.
So there you have it, podcast awards.
The nominations are open, I think, through the 15th.
And I'm hoping that people will suggest independent podcasts from other categories in our thread
on the forums to maybe nominate because I don't know a lot outside of gaming.
I know a couple sci-fi and a couple, but not a lot.
So I'm hoping we can kind of share and help promote the indie podcasts.
Totally.
That would be cool.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on and get into tonight's gaming news.
Yes.
Not a huge surprise, especially with E3 around the corner.
We're getting a lot of announcements of what's going to be coming out at E3, what you can
expect to be reading about because obviously most of you probably aren't going, including
us.
Fucking people.
Anyways, so one of those, which isn't a big surprise and I'm surprised we haven't seen
more of it yet, Killzone 2, Sony's invite for, I believe, their press conference and
whatnot was, of course, Killzone themed and they're probably going to be featuring the
game playable or in some sort of trailer.
I'm guessing playable.
I mean, it's got to be coming out pretty soon at the event.
So hopefully soon we'll see some more on Killzone 2 and see if it's really this big game that
everyone's claiming it to be, or at least everyone in Sony camp.
Interesting.
Well, we won't really know much about E3 this year because we aren't going, not that we're
bitter or anything.
No.
Completely.
Whatever.
It's going to be on the internet within five seconds anyway.
And we've seen enough of how the gaming industry works on the inside that what's really going
to happen is that the game companies will sell the rights to one of those big box gaming
companies.
And the big box gaming companies will actually post it the day before E3, meaning that all
the independent press who actually manages to get into E3 has to run their stories 48
hours late.
That's the way it's really going to work.
So you know what?
We're just going to stay at home and steal other people's articles this year because
hey, it's the American way.
All I know is when these press conferences will be going on, I will not be doing much
work at my desk because that's usually the case.
I'm usually just getting refresh, refresh, refresh, refresh, refresh.
Oh, news!
Read it.
Oh, refresh.
Can you watch them live like last year or is it because it's not as big a, you know,
that's low key, can't watch that stuff live this year?
I can, but at the work, you know, a lot of the internet's blocked.
So a lot of the, you know, unless they're streaming it straight off their site and off
something else, you know, most likely I can't watch it live.
But who cares?
You know, if I can read about it, that's all I really care about.
I don't think I've told you this.
I'll have to tell you a little more, give you details offhand.
But one of our other folks that works for Orange Launch Radio on one of the other weeknight
shows, actually had some touch with a game company this week and that game company said
they'd invite us to E3, but now it's like too late.
It's like E3's only 10 days away, I'm like, great, now we got a possible invite and now
it's too freaking late.
Aww.
I know, that sucks.
But oh well, maybe next year.
I don't know, weekend I'd drive my ass down there.
I know.
That's the problem.
It's like I've already now made commitments of a day job.
Originally I was trying to keep that time open because I thought maybe something would
come through.
Well, you know, I'm not too worried about it because all those demos that are going
to be there at E3 are going to be at E4ALL or PAX or whatever we end up going to next
and big deal.
I sadly can't go to PAX because of a wedding, but I hope somebody from the Orange Launch
Radio staff is able to go up there.
E4ALL I'm definitely going to though.
I'm trying to make it to E4ALL.
I don't know if I'll end up making it out there, but I would like to go because it would
be nice to see that stuff.
Will Rice Princess be going to any of these big gaming conventions?
I want to go to BlizzCon.
BlizzCon?
I can't though because all the tickets sold out within what, fucking four days or something
like that?
Why does that not surprise me?
I know.
I think about four hours.
Four hours, really?
Days, hours, doesn't matter.
Yeah, I'm really sad about that, but whatever.
I'll go next year.
DS68 says the SF Bay area needs a gaming convention, damn it.
I agree, except there is a whole game developers conference, which is kind of a big deal.
If you remember though, they did try to do something like that.
Remember there was that one convention that was in San Francisco, it was a weekend, and
I don't remember what exactly it was.
I want to say it wasn't sponsored.
It might have been sponsored by GameSpa, like a GameSpot expo or something like that.
TechTV used to be there.
Was it Davis' own GameSpa one time?
No.
Hello.
No, I'm crazy.
I think GamePro or something.
There was a GameSpot expo, I want to say, that was in San Francisco.
It was really small.
They only had maybe 15 publishers out there, but from what I remember reading, there wasn't
that much response to it.
It was pretty crappy.
Besides, we're being totally selfish because obviously the SF Bay area is pretty much in
our backyard.
It's about two hours away, so it's totally drivable, but I'm sure everybody's like,
I wish they'd have a gaming convention in my part of town.
But the good news is, usually there's at least something small-ish in any type of town, even
if it's like an anime slash game convention, which you see a lot of everywhere.
I would rather go to Gamers' Days over the giant E3s any day.
At least you get more one-on-one time with games.
Usually.
I kind of agree.
Was it the first Konami Gamers' Day that we went to?
That was pretty low-key and we got to play pretty much everything.
The last one though, not so much because of too much press and the place was kind of smaller
and it seemed like, well, we got to get the shot for our TV show, get out of the way type
of shit.
Everyone's kind of there to do jobs instead of report stuff.
Well, anyhow, obviously one big announcement that came out of E3, actually, I want to read
a chat comment here.
GS191 is correcting me here.
Well, actually CNET is actually owned by Ziff Davis, so GameSpot by Proxy is.
So interesting.
I didn't realize that.
All right.
Moving on.
Oh, sorry.
I keep reading chat and I see new stuff pop up.
There was a big convention this weekend that might be a little bit near and dear to our
hearts and the folks have been listening to us from the beginning.
Bolmani Fest was this weekend on the East Coast, which is, of course, this big Bebomani
and Beatmania and DDR convention that's on the East Coast.
They have it at a bowling alley, hence the term Bolmani, which is cute.
And they actually get, usually, some folks that are actually in the games to come out
there and perform.
That's cute.
I wish I was at the East Coast like a couple of weeks later than I was.
Maybe I could have gone.
Anyhow, big conventions.
Last year, one of the big things we saw at E3 was Final Fantasy XIII and, of course,
everybody wants to know when.
When will we get this game?
Well, Square Enix has actually said that they will be doing no games for the PlayStation
3 until after April 1st of 2008.
Why then?
Because that's the new fiscal year.
There will be no games from Square Enix for the PlayStation 3 this fiscal year.
Not a big surprise as far as Final Fantasy XIII is regarded.
I think most of us here in the U.S. were thinking we'd be lucky to see it at the end of 2008
with all the translation and stuff that has to go on.
But there it is.
That's really sad, though, when you think about it because Sony really needs some strong
titles to come out in order to be able to push this PlayStation 3 to the level that
the 360 and the Wii are right now.
We're hoping for Final Fantasy XIII or Metal Gear Solid IV in both those now or after March
of next year.
Missed another Christmas.
That's not good.
That's going to really put them behind.
I don't think they're going to be able to catch up.
It's going to have to be one of those one in a million shots that's going to turn around.
So what's Sony going to push this Christmas?
Little Big Planet, Home?
The same stuff we saw?
Home, Little Big Planet.
Killzone?
Killzone?
I don't know what you're talking about this year.
There's no way.
I guess that's true.
You're probably looking at the second quarter of next year, but I would say this year probably
Heavenly Sword because that's pretty much God of War on the PlayStation 3 anyways.
Lair is going to be good and probably some unannounced stuff.
Ratchet and Clank.
The new Ratchet and Clank.
It looks awesome.
I mean, same people did Resistance and that game was sweet, so I don't know.
It's going to be hard for them.
Thomas says, we'll see Final Fantasy 13 before Duke Nukem Forever.
Very true.
Probably.
Oh my God.
I can't wait for the day when Duke Nukem Forever is actually going to come out.
Frisbee calls it Final Fantasy Sporever.
Get it?
Because Spore is also delayed.
It's just been delayed a few years or something.
These are all games that people cannot freaking wait for.
Well, Spore that we've seen playable in some form, and you know what, it's just a very
large game and they have to make sure that it's going to be everything that they want
to be before they release it.
It's just like Fable 2.
It's just like Fable 2.
Fable 2 is probably going to be delayed forever because they want to make sure that it's perfect.
And you know what?
I'd rather them be perfect than have another Transformers game come out or Spiderman 3.
One thing that's definitely not been perfect is the brand new firmwares for the PSP.
Not one firmware so far released has been able to be not hacked and such is the case
with 3.5.
In fact, last week they found a new kind of work around called the Illuminati and basically
uses the old Luminous to run Homebrew code.
And of course, immediately after that came out, there is now a 3.5 down grader so you
can down grade your PSP to be able to run either 1.5 so you can run Homebrew that way
or to be able to run custom firmwares, which you know, custom firmwares are the way to
go I think.
Other interesting things though, because of the Illuminati exploit, the Luminous sales
have skyrocketed about 14,000%.
So a lot of people are picking up Luminous, which you know, it's a great game anyways,
but it might be a little harder to find it if you don't have it already.
Well, most people were ignoring Luminous 1 because Luminous 2 was out now and I doubt
Q Entertainment is making a lot of those, or whoever, who published that one actually?
Was it Q?
Or was it Sony actually published it?
It was Q, but I think Ubisoft published it.
Wow, okay.
But you know, Ubisoft has been making a lot of copies of that probably because of Luminous
2.
I don't think it's available anymore.
I don't think so either, but people are trying to scrounge them up now.
Also on Sony platform's much anticipated Guitar Hero rocks the 80s and they've done a brilliant
job over at Activision of keeping this game in the press every week before it's released
because they'll give you a few more songs this week, a few more songs, a few more songs.
Well finally we know the whole dang song list because we've got some more songs this week
and that's it.
We've got the whole song list.
Caught in a Mosh by Anthrax is in the game.
I'm only going to read the songs I care about.
Police Truck by the Dead Kennedys.
We Got the Beat by the Go-Go's and I love this one, I Think I'm Turning Japanese by
the Vapers.
Awesome.
That's great.
That's going to be a great Guitar Hero song.
Why are you making Rosalind Face, Rice Princess?
Because the song list sucks.
You don't like the song list?
I don't like it at all.
There's some other stuff though that was already announced.
I read the whole song list.
You read the whole thing?
Yeah.
I agree.
They could have done a little better.
What were you hoping for?
For like better 80s music that wasn't all just like hair bands and just like crap like
that.
She's very diverse.
Paula Abdul?
Yes.
But there's no guitar solos there.
She's very famous for guitar solos.
I know.
Then what?
I don't know.
Hair bands were guitar solos.
I don't know.
I mean like just something a little more eclectic.
I don't have any like, I don't know, examples right now, but I don't know.
Raw Steel UT in chat says Guitar Hero 80 sucks.
It doesn't have We're Not Gonna Take It or Money for Nothing.
Twisted Sister would be pretty awesome.
True.
Actually Twisted Sister I think is in the band.
It's just the wrong song.
Let's see.
Rama says Guitar Hero needs Weird Al.
Frisbee says Elite Beat Agents was going to have Weird Al.
That was also a song list that turned out to be fake.
I don't know if that was ever actually going to be in the band I think or in the game.
I think somebody just kind of pulled that out of their butt.
Money for Nothing would be fucking awesome.
I agree.
That would be cool.
Drunami says give us Bohemian Rhapsody.
I think that was 70s though.
Yeah.
It'd be too long.
79 or 78.
All right, well there you have it, Guitar Hero 80s edition.
Those of you guys that do like the air bands, I'm sure you're very excited about that.
Anyways, since E3 is right around the corner, not too surprising we're starting to get leaked
lists from E3.
This course should be of interest to everybody.
The Konami E3 list was leaked out.
Looks like coming from a tip to Xbox Live Radio or XBL Radio who is another affiliate
on AllGames.com just like us.
Awesome.
Some stuff, of course, not too surprising, DDR Supernova 2 for PlayStation 2, Universe
2 for the 360, Karaoke Revolution American Idol 2 for the PlayStation 2, a game called
DDR Disney Challenge for the PlayStation 2.
Let's see here what else we got.
DDR Disney Challenge?
Because I thought I read a report somewhere else.
I don't know, I was following up with it that said something Disney Channel.
It probably is Disney Channel or something.
Disney Challenge sounds kind of weird unless it's like all hard stuff, whatever.
There's this weird game called Girls Secret Diary for the DS.
Record your secrets and dreams in your journal.
I can't wait.
Is that a game that will finally tear you away from Wow, Girls Secret Diary?
Yeah.
Oh my God.
I don't know why, but that game starts to sound like Ping Pals to me and I get very
worried because Ping Pals is shitatious.
It should have Girls Secret Diary like RPG or something.
I think you're just bitter because it's Girls Secret Diary and that means you can't use
it, Rob.
And you're like, oh fine, it just sounds like Ping Pals anyway, meh, meh, meh.
Shut up.
You shut up.
Shut your face up.
No, I'm totally not going to get that.
But you know, I'm sure we'll find out more, me and Avery's like what, just over a week
away.
Come on, folks.
It's around the corner that the PlayStation 2 is going to kind of have their year or two
of being the budget system, you know, because it's so cheap and most of the games are probably
going to fall to $19.99, $29.99, so like a Disney game on PlayStation 2 kind of makes
a lot of sense to me because, you know, who's going to have the PlayStation 2 now is the
young kids.
Exactly.
That's a perfect...
Mommy and Daddy are buying systems for us.
It's a perfect title for a $29.99 price point.
All right, well even though we might be seeing DDR on the PlayStation 2 soon, the PlayStation
3 is going to be getting another long time series coming to it.
Wipeout Pulse is going to be coming out.
Sony Computer Entertainment of Europe has been showing this off for the past few weeks
over there in London.
Now Wipeout Pulse is going to be a high def version of Wipeout and it's going to be released
in 2008, but hopefully we're going to get to see some hints at the game at E3.
Whoop-a-dee-doo.
I mean, okay, it's high def.
If the whole thing was pretty much cel-shaded anyways, I mean, it's not like upping the
textures are going to make it any better or anything, but hey, cool.
I'm sure it will use the six axis and all that fun stuff.
As long as we get some great raving soundtracks like all the other games, that will be great.
Pulse' soundtrack is actually pretty cool.
Some other interesting stuff coming from the Sony Cam.
This one though in India, and unfortunately we're not going to see an advertising campaign
like this over here, but oh my God, I wish it was.
Apparently, they have a new advertising campaign that is a little bit chauvinistic, I guess.
Let me just really quickly read the entire ad.
Sherry is such a bitch.
Last night, I saw her with this weird guy whom I think she's seen.
I mean, she created such a scene when she broke up with Josie, bloody attention seeker.
It's not been a week and she's already sleeping around.
You know what?
I think Nicole is two-timing Ron again.
In the very bottom, it says, PlayStation 2, because your girlfriend bores you shitless.
That's funny.
How do we do that here?
That's really funny.
People would be pissed off and get offended and stuff.
Are you offended as a woman?
I'm offended it's not being advertised here because that's one of the best advertisements
ever because it's so true.
Of course, Sony likes to make the controversial ads.
Remember the whole PSP ad, the whole white and black thing that was like, oh my gosh,
pushed everybody's butts.
I love this one.
It shows this guy.
It looks like he's from Schoolhouse Rocks and he's just sitting there slouching like
I don't give a shit while his girlfriend's like, ah, ah, ah, ah.
So that was kind of funny.
Ross Steele, UT in chat, says, and then we wonder why women don't play video games.
Yes, that's the only reason why because gaming companies make offensive advertisement.
Most women I know would see the offensive advertisement and then go, well, if they're
going to be like that, then I'm going to play lots of video games.
I'll show them.
I don't have to be boring.
Well, it could be like, you know.
Then they'll realize how terrible they are at video games and then they'll stop.
PlayStation 2, if your boyfriend can't satisfy you, rez will.
I mean, there's a great ad campaign as well.
I can't wait to see the ad campaigns for Soul Calibur IV, especially, you know, being that
the IVs, IVs, slutatious boobs are being shown off in the trailer massive side boob
in those pictures.
There is massive side boob in those pictures and a massive bombshell drop this week in
regards to Soul Calibur IV.
First, the game is coming out next year on the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 and, you know,
Tekken is online now.
So Hello Namco, is Soul Calibur IV going to be online?
And the answer is yes.
And that quote comes from Namco.
It says, quote, with the current environment, we really couldn't make Soul Calibur IV without
online play.
That's from the director, Katsutoshi Sasaki, who makes Soul Calibur IV.
So that's exciting because I know a lot of folks like to play their online games.
Hopefully there is not some crappy lag.
That would be bad because crappy lag always ruins those online fighting games.
But I actually remember reading some other unrelated story this week that talked about
like a lag-free system for fighting games that have been developed that's supposed to
like eliminate practically all the lag that you see in fighting games.
I don't know how well it works, but maybe Soul Calibur IV will be able to implement
some of this technology.
Who knows?
I think it's a myth, kind of like those cars that run on air or something like that, you
know, the magical cars that, you know, zero emissions and, you know, fuel would be plentiful
and it's all a myth.
What's interesting though, this announcement just came out recently.
Apparently the Bourne conspiracy is going to be coming to Xbox 360 and Playstation 3.
Now it is based on the Jason Bourne character from the book series and not necessarily from
the movie series even though the Bourne...
So Matt Damon?
No, Matt Damon.
So, you know, same character, you know, not based on the movie though.
It is due out summer 2008.
It's going to be developed by High Moon Studios, which you might remember they did a game a
couple years back called Darkwatch, a vampire western game.
It looks pretty cool though so far, but still a ways away.
Maybe some more details will be coming out from E3, so.
We're getting some feedback on the last story because, you know, sometimes there's a little
bit of lag here between chat and what we're taping live.
Of course chat.orangelaunchradio.com.
Toshan is in chat and says this is not a myth, the whole lag-free fighting thing we're talking
about.
He says, my friend made it, FYI, ggpo.net.
Interesting.
I guess we'll see.
Let's see how well it's implemented.
I haven't seen any videos of it in action yet or gotten to use it myself, but the prospects
of it sound very exciting.
Don't get me wrong.
Moving on to another title that's having another version coming out.
TimeSplitters 4 is coming out on the Xbox 360 and the Playstation 3.
TimeSplitters kind of seems to, it's not a game you hear about a lot, but a lot of folks
that have played this game seem to really enjoy it.
You're a TimeSplitters fan, aren't you, Loki?
I love TimeSplitters, I cannot wait for this.
TimeSplitters is probably hands down one of the best first person shooter games out there,
especially TimeSplitters 2, which is, it's fun.
That's it.
The whole game focuses on multiplayer deathmatches and create your own levels and weird mini
games and stuff like you can race a cat in the third one.
It's just an awesome game.
By the way, if you're skeptical, this was confirmed in the latest edition of the official
Playstation Magazine in the UK, obviously the US one is not around anymore.
The forum post that originally tipped people off to this also says about the article, there's
no actual news on the features other than Steve Ellis says, quote, they're gearing up
to insert monkeys and guns into all the wrong places.
Awesome.
Yeah, that game had lots of monkeys.
I'll make Loki very happy.
Some other interesting stuff, a lot of people have been, of course, overclocking their PSPs
with the home brew scene, especially with the custom firmwares out there.
Although, one of the things that people found out is with the new version 3.5 firmware,
I believe, they actually can tap the full speed of the system, which is about 50% faster.
The first game that's going to be doing this, though, is God of War Chains of Olympus.
It's going to be running at the full speed on there because obviously the game's going
to be quite graphically intensive.
Interesting to see that they're actually finally kind of say, fuck battery life, we're just
going to use the full speed of the system.
Why is it that folks don't want to use the full speed of the system normally?
I don't understand the way that works.
Originally, it's because it cut down on battery life, so they couldn't advertise
that the battery lasts X amount of time.
Originally, they could run it at the full speed.
In fact, you can overclock yours to run at 333 megahertz instead of 222.
In fact, that's what we do for playing Grand Theft Auto, so it's smoother, less load
time, but I don't know.
It's just their choice, I guess, they don't want to do it.
Well our chat room, of course, we're a little bit behind apparently because they're still
reacting to the last story and they're talking about the racing cats and act-def says, we
don't want monkeys, we want laser cats because remember we talked about laser cats, the game
and how somebody badly needs to make that, and then the chat room says that they actually
want rap cats.
Kill me now.
There was some other interesting music that came out a little bit later on, also this
whole hacking the Fermars and stuff, they found that 3.5 and 3.51 have an official ISO
loader, so Sony is actually going to be enabling you to run games off the memory sticks.
So they're going to either have a way to dump games to the memory stick or you're going
to have a new download service where you're going to be able to download games to run
straight off the memory stick, even though they kind of do that with demos right now,
but it is an official ISO loader which apparently is going to be included in the next home brew
firmware that's going to be made.
The plot thickens.
All right, well anyhow, let's open up the mailbag.
Even though Dark Soccer isn't here this week, we're going to sneak behind her back and open
up the emailbag because we can't wait.
We're like kids on Christmas Eve, we can't wait to open up our presents and when you
guys send us emails every week at mailbag at orangehonestradio.com, they are like little
presents.
So let's open up the mailbag.
All right, not a whole lot of emails this week, I think because a lot of folks actually
got to call into the show last week and kind of say their piece, however, we do have some
emails.
I want to start with this.
This is from Dark Mutts.
Hey guys and gal, I have been listening to you for about six months and I found your
podcast to be the only one that is consistent and always entertaining.
Thank you.
I have to thank Loki because without his clever insight about what makes a game fun, I never
would have found Earth Defense Force 2017.
I have been addicted since I acquired it.
Congrats on five years and keep it coming.
The three of you keep me going through my work day without having to light anyone on
fire.
Thanks again, Dark Mutts.
Very cool.
Isn't that a weird feeling when somebody says like, because video games aren't cheap, so
like somebody says like based on your word, I spent $50 of my hard-earned money for my
day job that drives me insane to buy this game.
At least it's only a $40 game so that doesn't, you know, it knows like still, but still,
I know, I know.
So what makes a game fun for you, Loki?
It's just, it's got to be fun.
I mean, you know, Earth Defense Force is one of those games, I'm still playing it.
It's because, you know, you know what you're getting into when you play it.
It's cheesy and weird, but you can really ramp up the difficulty in it and it gives
you something to kind of achieve for, you know, collecting the different weapons used
in the game and trying to beat each level, you know, on different difficulties.
It's a lot of teamwork involved.
I don't know.
It's just, it's hard to really pinpoint what makes a game great, but you know, Time
Splitters 2 was another one or even Time Splitters 3 had really a lot of, you know, stuff to
do in it.
You can play the story modes.
They have a bunch of like mini games to try out and the mini games get pretty hard.
Like they have, I remember the original Time Splitters, you have to break windows with
bricks and that sounds easy, but you have a time limit and you have to do that and it
gets pretty hard.
So I don't know.
It's a cool game.
Lots of blah, blah, blahs in chat right now.
Let me read some of these.
Solid Goomba says, I bought Earth Defense Force after hearing Loki rave about it.
So that's another person.
Boy, that company should be sending you a check.
Hey, D3's awesome.
I've been playing, what is it, Work Time Fun right now and that game is so stupid and
awful but I can't stop playing it.
I don't know why.
JV Mon says, Loki is the king of OLR and Rob is his puppet.
There you go.
RosteelUT, who I've been quoting a lot tonight, I guess I like the cynics tonight because
RosteelUT is kind of our in-house cynic, says, Loki, very fucking insightful.
What makes a game fun?
Um, the game's fun?
I don't know what makes it fun.
Ew, what a cunty bitch, man.
That's what he says to everyone apparently.
It's basically lots of stuff to do in the game, like a lot of options for you.
It's whatever you enjoy.
It's the game play.
You like blowing shit up.
I like blowing stuff up.
I like writing boobs in places I shouldn't be able to and naming things.
Everybody finds something different to be fun usually, right?
It doesn't matter what I find fun.
It's whatever you find fun.
If you don't want to trust my judgment with buying a game, you can always go rent it.
That's a lot cheaper and I'm sure a lot of the mom and pop shops out there would really
appreciate that from you.
Dark Tetsuya says, tonight's OLR has been brought to you by D3 and by GameTap.
I neglected to say I played GameTap during my gaming week because I just needed to leave
it out for once, all right, because I knew there was going to be that fucking comment
at some point.
I'm not on D3 payroll, that's for sure, but at least they have the balls to bring over
games that might not necessarily work over here, like Earth Defense Force and they have
that one that's coming out at one point, the 360 where you're like some chick in lingerie
with a cowboy hat fighting zombies with a samurai sword.
That might not necessarily do well over here, but at least they're going to give it a shot.
What the fuck are you talking about?
That sounds awesome.
That's the name of the game.
I don't remember what it's called.
It's got some long Japanese name and I'm not even going to attempt to remember what it
was.
Act Deaf says Pac-Man Championship Edition is fun, yet Loki doesn't see that.
I think Pac-Man Championship Edition is a hell of a lot of fun.
It's way more fast paced than the old one, which I think is awesome, the Ray-Far music
and everything.
I'm just not a fan of Pac-Man that much.
I love the really, really retro classics and updates and that stuff, like the old school
arcade game.
It's just like I'm playing Zelda II now for some reason and I don't know why.
Zelda II?
Yeah.
It's like a great game.
Not really.
Yes, it is.
It's like a great game.
I like it too.
I think it's great.
I think I need to buy that on the Wii.
You totally do.
Anyway, what else was I going to say?
Any other fun factor games that people are overlooking right now?
I think about Katamari Damacy.
What sold that game?
The fun factor and the fact that it was a low price.
The game itself wasn't exactly graphically the most impressive.
You would ask people what draws you to Katamari Damacy and people just go, it's fucking fun
to roll over shit.
Then, of course, you have your cynics who just want everybody to say, that game sucks.
You know they're welcome to that opinion.
I would recommend it and this would be pretty hard to find nowadays, but if you can, find
it.
I don't recommend buying it, but if you can rent it, Driver 3.
I know, I know, it's such a horrible game, but it's really a game that you need to play
because you're just like, oh my God, I can't believe it's really this bad.
It's entertaining in that aspect.
My sister is buying my Playstation 2 and we have that game dumped on the hard drive so
she can play it and I swear to God, she plays this thing more than anything else on that
damn system.
They will sit there for hours recording instant replays and watching the AI get all fucked
up.
Driver 3 is the show girls of gaming.
It's so bad, it's pretty good.
There's a lot of games out there that are really hard to, a lot of people overlook that
are fun.
You just really have to play a lot of the stuff.
Saints Row is another one that I love.
New email.
Oh man, Saints Row, the musical, that was so funny.
Only three emails tonight.
Here's the second one and this is from the doctor and says, alright, this is my first
email to the mailbag.
I'm so nervous.
Okay, first question is for DarkSakura.
How many Pokemon do you own in your game because I own 354 because I have no life whatsoever
now that school is over for me and could we possibly battle sometime?
Unfortunately, DarkSakura is not here, she can't answer your question.
Maybe she'll read up your email earlier.
I don't think she's super duper far into the game, so she probably has less than 50, but
that's speculation.
I don't know for sure.
But if you want to battle with DarkSakura, urge her to leave her friend code in our forums
because we actually have a forum post for Pokemon friend codes.
Moving on back to the doctor's email.
Second is for Skye.
I heart you.
Aw, thank you.
And could you say, excuse me DarkSakura, again, please, please, please.
I'll see what I can do.
Third is for Loki.
Okay, I got nothing, sorry, oh wait.
How good were you at DDR before you stopped?
Because I go to the golf and stuff nearest me and play Supernova when I get some extra
money to spend and how the fuck do you manage crossovers?
They piss me off.
I used to play a lot of doubles actually at one time and I used to do a lot of the Katas
because I could never pass max or anything like that on doubles.
It's just too fast.
You get to the point there, especially when you're running back and forth on some of those
doubles things, if there's any amount of dust on there, you're going to fall on your ass.
Really I'd never try to do that stuff, but I did play some really hard edits.
I used to do edits a lot and really they can be as hard as you want to make them, I guess.
There was, oh my God, and I don't remember the guy.
There's this one Japanese guy that had a website with edits on there and they were the fucking
shit.
I don't remember who the guy is now because I haven't been playing edits for a long time,
but I don't know.
If you look for some DDR edit websites, this guy is just amazing and he had a bunch of
Ask URS sites, so I wish I could be more helpful there, but some great stuff.
They had one for, it was called Swingman, that was on the Jazz and it was an awesome
edit.
It had this real flow to it that was really cool.
One last question from the doctor, when did Squaresoft become Square Enix and why?
Or as we call them here on the show, Squeenix.
When did Square Enix become and why?
It was what, about three years ago?
Two or three years ago.
They bought Enix, which had made a bunch of games, Dragon Quest is probably their most
popular series of games, which you may know as Dragon Warrior, years ago it was called.
What else did they make?
I know on Super Nintendo they were very popular for Brain Lord and Illusion of Gaia and those
games.
Then later on, I also know for music game fans, they were the folks that made Bust A
Move.
Did they do the Tow Ball series or was that Square?
I don't know off the top of my head.
I'm sure someone in the chat knows.
So there you go.
Yeah, that's what happened, that was a few years ago and a lot of people were very afraid
when that merge first happened, but it actually hasn't been too bad.
In fact, a lot of good stuff has come out of that company, it's hard to complain.
So there you go.
And just for you, the doctor, I dug this up for you.
Well excuse me, Dark Sakura.
Now don't tell her I played that or I'm going to fucking get beat up when she comes back.
I don't think she was too happy with that.
Why?
I know, I think it's funny.
It's brilliant.
I think it's because I called her Dark Sakura and she doesn't like that.
Well excuse me.
Then there was another one, remember the Rob D made these, he made another one.
Well excuse me again, Dark Sakura.
I'm so going to get beat up.
Love you Jamie, wherever you are.
Anyhow, one more email.
And this one wasn't signed, so I don't really know who to say who this is from.
I don't even know if I want to read the, it's Ikuma is in the header, so we'll just say
it's from them.
It says, hi there.
I have been listening for one and a half year and just want to take this opportunity to
wish you guys happy fifth.
I am a developer in Japan and yes, Rob had once mentioned our game in the new release
section.
We all just love it when Rob reads in Japanese.
And then there's a cute little face there.
And who says no love from developer?
Hope you guys would be part of my Friday for another five years to come.
So unfortunately this person didn't say who they are, what developer they're talking about
or any of that stuff, just that.
I have horribly butchered the name of one of their games on the program in the past.
That's love though.
That's awesome.
That's awesome.
That's awesome.
Thank you so much for the email.
Tell us who you are because we'd love to have more developers on the show, especially ones
that are crazy enough to listen to this.
We'd also love to be invited to Tokyo Game Show.
That's a very good point.
If you would like some coverage of Tokyo Game Show from us, please email us and let us know.
That's awesome.
Dark Tetsuya asks, was it the developer of Dust Cap Extreme 2 Collector's Edition?
Probably one of your hamster love games or something.
God, I hope so.
God, I hope so.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Please tell me you guys develop one of those hamster games.
There's another one of those hamster games coming out over here.
There's a couple of hamster games coming out over here.
I think Hamster Life 2 is coming out over here now.
Those Ubisoft games.
All right.
That was the last email.
I'm going to close up the old mailbag.
That comes with a we because I would totally buy that game.
God, that made me so happy when I read that email.
I was like, oh good.
They're not getting all pissed off that I'm butchering their releases.
Funny American.
It's stupid, Matt.
All right.
Back to the gaming news.
If you want to email us, mailbag at orangelauncherdo.com.
If you're from an American, Canadian, Antarctican developer, who cares?
Email us and tell us you're listening because we love to hear that folks in the industry
are listening.
Dude, totally need to meet up at the arcade in Antarctica to play some DDR.
Shut up and get to the next story.
Anyways, Civilization is coming to consoles and handhelds soon being brought over by 2K
Games and developed by Fireaxis Games, Civilization Revolution.
It's going to include 16 civilizations to master and lead to victory and of course famous
historical leaders, yada, yada, yada.
Online multiplayer as well is going to be in it.
Pretty cool.
I'm not a huge Civilization fan, but it sounds interesting.
I'm a fucking huge Civilization fan, at least the old school ones, and I don't know how
to approach this.
I'm a little worried.
Well, okay, first off, this is not the first time we've had Civilization on a console.
The original Civilization was on Super Nintendo and there was a version of Civilization II
I played on the N-Gage of all things, the E3 a couple years ago, and it made me want
to cry and stab myself with the blunt N-Gage.
These are what?
Spin-off games or are these direct ports?
I think this is a spin-off series.
When I read it, it sounded like a spin-off series, which can go who knows any which way.
God, then that makes me worry, is this going to turn out like the Mortal Kombat anthology
stories or whatever?
Remember the Sub-Zero game?
I don't think it's anything like that, but I hope not.
It's probably going to be maybe a little bit more scaled down for consoles.
I don't know.
It sounds okay.
Well, do you really need to scale down for consoles?
I just could not see the full game itself on an Xbox 360, and the biggest reason why
is that there's no mouse and those thumb sticks don't cut it.
Some games were meant to be played with a mouse, and that's all there is to it.
I don't understand why they just don't have keyboard and mouse support, since it has fucking
USB ports.
In fact, all of the next-gen platforms have USB ports that can put a keyboard and mouse
on there.
Except for maybe the Wii, that'd be kind of stupid because you have the Wii Remote,
but still though, if you really want to and if they really would decide to support it,
they could put a keyboard and mouse on there.
Another very popular PC gaming series is Guild Wars, and IGN had an interview this week on
their PC site about Guild Wars 2 and the Eye of the North expansion for Guild Wars.
You played Guild Wars for a little bit, right?
I totally did.
And what'd you think?
I actually liked it until it got to level 20, and then it was just like, oh.
Well maybe there's something in the Eye of the North for you, because Eye of the North,
I was kind of reading through the interview here, and if you want to read the full thing,
head over to PC.IGN.com and you can read the full thing.
What I didn't know, because I didn't know a lot about these games before I was reading
the interview, and Eye of the North is actually the first Guild Wars expansion that requires
one of the other expansions to play.
And the reason for that is that all of the content they put into this, they put 18 new
dungeons and they're all for endgame characters.
So whereas with any of the other expansions, you can buy them by themselves and create
a character from the ground up.
But for this one, they didn't waste any time making a level one through 20 story.
It's all hardcore endgame content, which I think is kind of interesting about that.
And then I kind of went to talking about how they're actually developing the game, and
did they actually split into two different development teams?
And yes, there's a development team for Guild Wars 2 right now, but then the Eye of the
North people will come over when Guild Wars 2 is done.
And they admit that most of the resources are being focused on the Guild Wars expansion,
but then they're going to all shift over to Guild Wars 2 once the expansion is done.
So this definitely sounds like it's going to be the last Guild Wars expansion.
And they actually say that they do kind of tend to monitor the trends in the PVP, like
meta games that people come up with, and then they kind of like figure out, use those ideas
for like live events and holiday events.
And then they claim them for themselves, they're like, that was my idea!
Wait a minute!
No, they just sound like they're really tied down to the community, which I think is great.
So there you go, some exciting news for Guild Wars fans.
Awesome.
Anyways, so we've got some interesting stuff, I guess, making its way out to the US.
Not a whole lot though, this week's kind of dead, as most of July usually is.
Pretty much this week though, the only things you've got are Ninja Game Sigma for Playstation
3, and Vampire Rain on the Xbox 360.
That is about it.
PC games, there's a bunch of weird stuff coming out, including, let's see, well actually Marvel
Trading Card games coming out on PC, Title Legends 2 is coming out on PC, Ride!
Carnival Tycoon, I swear to God, every fucking week there's a goddamn Tycoon game coming
out.
DS, Platinum Sudoku, and Vegas Casino High Five, making its way out.
So that is it.
Alright, let's head on over to the Japanese release dates and check out what's going on
in Japan.
Is Chicken Shoot coming out this week?
Chicken Shoot came out last week too.
Oh my God, did it really?
I guess.
No, Chicken Shoot's great.
Sorry, because it was on the list over here, but as a US release, so I just wanted to kind
of question that.
It doesn't look like there's actually a whole lot coming out in Japan as well, though there
are a couple games coming out on the Playstation 3, Blazing Angels, Squadrons of World War
2 for the Playstation 3, Boku no Natsu Yasu-oh God, I just butchered that one.
Boku no Natsu Yasumi 3 is coming out over in Japan as well, and that was like a bug
catching game.
Wait, I didn't hear that Rob, can you say that again?
Boku no Natsu Yasumi 3 is coming out.
See the more I practice, the better I get.
It's a bug catching game.
Why don't we get anything like that over here?
Doesn't that look cute?
Maybe that's what Africa is going to actually be all about.
Africa?
Poaching animals?
Yes, you poach animals.
That would be fun.
I'm assuming that because I see the little guy on the cover of the game is holding a
little bug net and little like, you know, thing that you keep bugs in.
Anyway, let's see if there's anything else coming out on some of the other platforms
that you might be looking forward to.
What?
It's really crazy kid with bug net murders family.
PlayStation 2, some stuff really just moving into the best hits like Winning Post 7, Ape
Escape 3, and Ratchet and Clank 4 is all moving into the best.
Not a lot of new stuff coming out otherwise, but some price reductions there.
Coming out on the Nintendo DS though, you have some stuff coming out.
Chibi-Robo Park Patrol is coming out.
Yoku Demo Yoga coming out on the DS, and let's see what else we have here, Kururin Donuts
Okashi Recipe.
I have no idea what that is, but it's got a happy donut on the cover and it's an action
game, so it kind of makes it look like it might be a racing game involving donuts.
I have no fucking idea.
Happy donut action game.
Yeah, but who wouldn't want to buy a happy donut action game?
I don't know.
I'd buy a happy donut action game.
Me too.
Poochie Poochie Virus.
It sounds fascinating and is also coming out on the DS.
It's also another action game with a cast of very chibi looking characters there also
coming to Japan.
Quickly looking to see if there's anything on the PSP this week in Japan.
Just like just some games going into the best hits, including Rengoku 2, The Stairway to
Heaven moving into the best hits.
Or Hell, depending on how you look at it.
All right, going over to the European release dates, Dark Sakura, sadly not here this week,
but on July 6th, those of you over in Europe can look forward to The King of Fighters,
Maximum Impact 2, and The King of Fighters 11 on the PlayStation 2, as well as the Metal
Slug Anthology coming out on the PlayStation 2.
That's really it.
It's a very slow week for those of you guys in Europe.
All right, that does it for release dates.
Well, it may be a little too soon, but the VTech report covering what happened with the
shootings at Virginia Tech, apparently there's no mention of the video game issue, despite
the fact that everybody was saying, hey, video games made him kill people, dah, dah, dah.
That's interesting, but apparently the PAC though, they've denounced the report saying
that it's a cover-up, and they're claiming that really it was video games to blame, and
it's this giant cover-up.
Oh, shut up.
Seriously.
Shut the hell up, people.
Why do people want to blame video games for everything?
I don't know.
It's just people want to focus on whatever their agenda is, and if they really want to
get rid of video games, or censor them to death, just like they did with rap music and
stuff before, they're going to make any excuses, oh, it's going to make you infertile if you
play video games, oh, it's kill my baby, stuff like that.
So pretty soon they'll be just like, oh, if you don't have Jesus in your life, you're
going to go kill people.
It's crazy shit.
Chat room, chat.orangehonestready.com, live on Sunday nights, Solid Goomba says, didn't
they search his room and not even find a single console?
I seem to remember that to be the case.
Exactly, just because he participates in a goddamn extracurricular activity, which includes
playing a computer game, oh my God, that doesn't mean that he's trained on that computer game
to be a killer, and I'm sorry, but there is no way on the face of the earth to train on
a PC game to become a killer.
I think for some sad whatever reason, people have the need to blame something, and obviously
what happened at Virginia Tech was just absolutely tremendously horrible, and a lot of us had
that reaction of how could something like this happen?
How fucked up is this world that some kid would do this to their peers?
So I think out of that desperation, people look for something to blame, and video games
unfortunately are an easy target because they allow you to pretend that you are someone
else, and unfortunately not everybody can see that line.
I don't even know why this was an issue when they didn't even have any sort of evidence
in the beginning that video games were even involved in any way, but immediately they're
saying, oh, it must be this, it's Doom, it's Marilyn Manson, it's MTV, it's all this that
did this.
Take responsibility, people.
It was a crazy, crazy, crazy person that probably, I don't know, I don't even want to speculate
because I'll say something that will be foot and mouth syndrome, but it was a very unfortunate
thing, period.
I blame World War II.
That's what I blame.
It's all those World War II documentaries out there that show the kamikazes.
That's what I blame.
I blame the Atari 2600, don't you?
I do.
I mean, they had the man bomber after all in there.
Well, the Atari 2600 is getting the flashback portable, at least it's a little prototype
that's been made.
Kurt Vendell, who actually made the original Atari flashback, is now trying to make an
Atari flashback portable, and the thing's tiny.
I mean, it's almost the size of the old Atari cartridge.
So if you've ever wanted to play your favorite 2600 games on the go, that could actually
be on the way.
The unit is supposed to run off three AAA batteries with a 15-hour run time, I mean,
it is an Atari 2600 after all, and there's going to be a USB port on it, so that way
you can actually load games from the USB.
So I don't know if it's going to actually support ROMs or if you're going to buy games
a la iTunes or what the deal is, because it's really easy to get free Atari games online
at this point.
I swear to God, the entire collection of Atari games, everything ever made, is six megs.
So you could easily fit that on a USB card.
Very tiny.
But what I would like to see that used for is maybe some homebrew, because even the Atari
2600 still has some homebrew love, a lot of homebrew love for it, so you never know what
might happen.
I don't know if I would necessarily buy this, though, but I don't know, maybe.
Depends, if it was like 20 bucks or something, it would be worth it.
Games were so simple back then, and sometimes that's kind of like, you know, like I was
saying last week, I found myself playing Pitfall for God knows what reason for quite a chunk
of time last Saturday.
Can you imagine, if you will, if they were to bring combat to Xbox Live Arcade and have
like leaderboards for that shit?
That'd be fucking awesome.
Aren't they going to bring some old Atari classics?
I seem to remember Warlords was coming to Xbox Live.
That's an old school Atari game.
And of course, we have Centipede and Millipede.
I want combat with no graphical upgrades whatsoever.
I just want the whole thing to be done like that and have like leaderboards.
What if they did the classic graphics slash upgrade graphics?
I guess, if they really want to do that, but I'd be fine with just the classic graphics,
because I think that'd be funny, and just have like a leaderboard thing where you know,
win matches and stuff.
I did not realize you were such an Atari 2600 fan.
Oh, I used to play the Atari 2600 all the time.
I'm a huge combat fan.
Oh, keep that in mind for later on.
We're going to see what happens later on.
So, I'm going to tease something coming up in Part B. That's all I have to say.
Alright, moving on.
Anyways, apparently the ESRB is cracking down on violent game trailers now.
Nothing really new, but of course, especially after the whole fiasco with Manhunt 2, they're
kind of, I guess, taking notice on some of the trailers that have been released out there,
including Gears of War, which was available online since January, is now, of course, coming
down and apparently Darkness and Dark Sector videos have been immediately, I guess, pulled
because I guess they were too bloody or whatever and I guess were an adult only thing.
They should have such things as a red band trailer for games, I think, but I don't know.
I think it's kind of stupid though since before they were rating them with, oh, because they're
interactive and stuff, we've got to rate them a little harsher, which is dumb anyways, but
you're watching a video game play.
You don't have any sort of interaction with it.
I think game trailers are still pretty safe.
I don't understand why.
I didn't even know they rated trailers.
I know that a lot of times they'll say, you know, this product is not yet rated or something
like that.
The trailers themselves, yeah, red band trailers, very rare and hard to find.
You don't see them a lot in theaters ever, but you see them on home movies sometimes,
especially from the indie companies.
You sometimes see a red band trailer where the preview is for restricted audiences only
and that's because they'll have a gunshot in it or a real quick bloodshot or maybe some
booby.
It might be an ad for a sexy movie and you see a lady wearing a dress that's see-through
or something.
You see red band trailers once in a while.
I think it's kind of ridiculous though that they're policing game trailers because that's
not even, you know, it's not the actual game.
It's like kind of a video of it or it's maybe like, you know, I know that they do that with
movie trailers, you know, that they rate that this trailer isn't good for all audiences
and stuff, but I think it's kind of ridiculous to do that with games.
I could've sworn I heard some point that yellow bands were coming for the PG-13 and up audiences
only.
I can't remember.
Maybe it was PG-13 audiences only.
We're going to have yellow band trailers, but I don't know if that ever, I might just
be pulling that out of my butt, but I seem to remember reading that somewhere, I don't
know.
Well, obviously this next topic is rated G. This is definitely for everybody.
This cat, wait, hold on, DarkDockra is not here this week, but so we can't do a website
of the week, but if she could, and she was here this week, I'm pretty sure this would
have been a top contender for her website of the week.
Okay, yes, Loki, you can do your outburst now.
Sorry, this cat right here made me get a cat.
Really?
Why is that?
Because it's super cute and I want a gaming cat.
All right, well, yes, this is the Famiko blog and you can visit this blog if you'd like
to it.
I love fami.blog90.fc2.com and this is just a cat that poses with it, they make poses
of it playing the DS and the 360.
Did you ever see the other?
It's so cute.
Yeah, see, I mean, look at that one up, one more, one more up.
It was that one.
Is that one going down?
Yeah, keep going.
The one that's playing the DS.
The cat is very cute.
It's basically, it's like a oolong, but a kitty.
This site reminds me a lot of oolong, which was the bunny with pancakes on its head.
Have you ever seen the macro that says, this thread has gotten boring, so here's a bunny
with pancakes on its head.
That was oolong, the famous bunny that would, this blog reminds me of that, except it's
a cat and the cat sometimes plays video games, but not always.
This is so cute.
Go up, go up, go up.
Keep going.
That's the picture right there.
That is a very cute cat.
And I believe the cat's name is Famicom, right?
It's Fami.
Or Fami, named after the Famicom.
Very cute.
Named after famine.
Are you wanting to, you're so messed up.
Are you wanting to get a kitty someday, Rice Princess?
No.
Oh, okay.
I just wanted you to contribute something to this show.
I am going to attempt to get the cat that we're getting to sit there and oppose that
look like it's playing the DS.
I don't think it's going to work, but we're going to try it.
You know what you need to do is get the cat to pose reading porn.
That would be funny.
Get a picture of that.
I don't have any porn, at least not in magazine form.
How can you not have porn?
I'll get my laptop.
I will buy you a freaking Playboy or something and you can pose the cat with porn.
Porn and like have it drinking alcohol and...
Yes, you should be Stella the porno cat.
You should get a little pimp hat.
Oh boy, I think our phone line is already ringing with calls from PETA.
So we better take a break and we're going to take a quick break here and we'll be back
with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
