The PlayStation 3 might be getting a price cut in the name of E3, notable games may not
even show up in E3, and lots of tunes are dying over a new advertisement in World of
Warcraft.
So, let's
have a contest on the program.
In
the next on
Actually, who knows?
How's your week been?
It's been good.
Now, you saw Transformers last week and told us all about it.
You seen anything new this week?
No.
Actually, I meant to see Transformers again this week, but I got lazy.
We got out of work early on the 3rd, and I was like, you know, I could go see Transformers
again.
But then I got out to my car and it was hot, and I was like, I just want to go home and
sit in the air conditioning.
It's been very hot here in Sacramento, where our show is based, like 106 or 107.
This week's been crazy.
At least we don't have humidity.
Anyway, you'd think we were a movie podcast or something, but we're actually not.
We talk about video games, so we're going to start off tonight's program as we always
do, talking about how was your gaming week.
But first, I want to introduce our chat room.
It's over at chat.orangelawnsradio.com.
We do tape live Sunday nights at 6 o'clock, and interesting things always happen if you're
listening live, such as if you listen tonight, we had to do two takes of our intro because
I made a big boo-boo.
So, if you want to hear the whole show, you've got to listen live Sunday nights at 6 o'clock
Pacific Standard Time at orangelawnsradio.com on our live 365 feed, and you can always participate
in our chat room.
Chat.orangelawnsradio.com.
We'll also be opening up our Skype line later on.
That's also a telephone number, an 877 number you can call into, and we'll get those calls
a little later on in the program.
But first, Dark Soccer's going to tell us all about her gaming week.
I had one.
I did try to play Super Mario World of Warcraft, and then I got tired of updating all that
crap.
So, what I did was play a little bit of Pokemans.
How's Pokemans been going?
We had an email, actually, last week asking how you were doing on your Pokemans, and you
weren't here.
I'm hardly doing.
That's what I answered.
I played a crap ton of pinball.
We got two new machines.
We finally got rid of Retardo Johnny Mnemonic, and we got rid of Guns N' Roses.
We have a Simpsons pinball party now, which is really freaking cool, and we have World
Cup Soccer, which was my favorite machine ever.
Of course, my first time playing it, I cracked a billion points, which just goes to show
that my mad skills at that game have only diminished very slightly, because I could
at least...
Because you didn't break two billion.
I've almost gotten there.
I was really, really good at that machine.
I also played the Spiderman pinball today.
The new one does really, really good, and I kept hitting Sandman over and over and over
again.
Thank God for being a bad, bad guy in the movie.
The end.
Low-key, how was your gaming week?
And less dramatic, please.
It was good.
We finally hooked up.
Well, we have a temporary setup for the 360 LAN systems at my work now, so we tried a
few test games of Saints Row, and it's fun.
I can't wait.
The only problem is, right now we have...
Some of the systems have the patch for the multiplayer in it so that there's no lag,
and some of them don't, so we ran into a few issues with that.
But one thing that's awesome in the game is the pimp slap power-up that you can get.
Basically, you run around with a pimp hat on, you can backhand people and fling them
across the entire stage, which is awesome.
The only problem is the game only has three multiplayer maps, which kind of sucks, and
I've been kind of spoiled with Infinite Sprint and Grand Theft Auto, so it'll hold this over
until Grand Theft Auto IV.
Been playing lots of Final Fantasy on the PSP.
I don't know why, but I've been playing it, and it's pretty good.
Just finished, was actually getting the TNT to the dwarves so they can blow up that one
part of the map to allow you to sail the ship outside a little sea that's in the middle
there.
So that's kind of neat.
And then, other than that, I played Transformers the game, and I think last week I said that
it was an alright game, obviously there's some flaws in it and stuff.
I want to rescind that and say that the game blows ass and it's awful.
The more you play it, the more you realize the game is really, really awful.
I got so frustrated with the game, it's so bad.
I was fighting Starscream and Blackout, and first you have to fight Starscream, and then
you eventually have to fight Blackout, then you have to fight them both together.
Well, the little drones that they throw down in the middle were actually harder than Starscream
and Blackout, which is stupid.
But the whole game is very glitchy, and I highly recommend not playing it.
I will play it through to get some more achievement points, but I'm going to quickly sell this.
But you did give this game a favorable review last week, right?
It was okay.
You know, some of the missions are alright.
I haven't played too many of the Decepticon missions, I'm still playing through the Autobots
because I want to play the worst part of the game first and then play stuff where you have
to blow up things.
But I actually watched my friend play the first mission of the Decepticons, and it didn't
look that much more fun, actually.
It looked like it sucked, so I don't know.
It's just a really bad game, I guess, unfortunately.
Tigerclaw, a big, big Transformers nerd, has some advice for you.
Loki, Loki, to beat the drones, you have to throw things at them first.
I understand that, and that's what I was doing because obviously each drone has the same
damn pattern to them, and I was throwing stuff and it wasn't doing anything.
So it was dumb.
Now, this happens sometimes.
We do change our opinions on video games, and not something that's really talked about
a whole lot.
You know, sometimes this happens with movies.
You may watch a movie one time and you didn't like it, but then the second time you watch
it you see something you didn't see before.
Sometimes that happens with games, too.
Can you think of other games that you've ever changed your mind on after playing them, either
favorably or unfavorably?
I can't think of anything offhand.
Maybe Guitar Hero was cool in the beginning and it kind of sucks now.
And then again, music games for me right now, I just can't dedicate enough time to them.
So I don't know.
I would say World of Warcraft, I didn't get into it the first time I played it.
Maybe Final Fantasy XI, you know?
Yeah, maybe.
Because after a while, you know, it started just...
After two years for me.
Finally you get done with the low-level partying stuff and then you realize, oh yeah, this
kind of sucks now.
But I don't know, it's okay.
Activision is pulling an Ubisoft is what they're doing.
They're really letting me down with a lot of their games.
Or we talked about this last week briefly, Nintendogs.
Like I think it was the last week or two weeks ago we talked about how we all loved Nintendogs
when we first played it and then we actually played the full game and was like, wow, this
got old quick.
And really I can't blame Activision, I guess, too much for these games because they're not
developing them, but stop publishing crappy games.
I mean seriously, I was discussing something with you guys off-air earlier and it's like,
stop publishing crappy games, you know?
Dumb ideas.
What else was I going to say?
I was just thinking that you don't really see that a lot in the review game industry
where people kind of change their minds over time.
I don't know.
Not really addressed a lot, but it can happen.
Anyway, anything else for your gaming week?
No, that's pretty much it.
My gaming week wasn't anything too spectacular because I was still playing some World of
Warcraft.
I've been working on the Battlestar Galactica themed PvP guild because we aren't just nerds
playing World of Warcraft, we have to take it one step further and incorporate Battlestar
Galactica into our guild, so that's like double nerd.
So I've been playing a lot of World of Warcraft, but also the new game I checked out this week,
I did check out Missile Command on Xbox Live Arcade because I do love the old, old 2600
version and the old arcade version to some extent as well.
And the Atari ports are coming out pretty good.
They're cheap, they're five bucks, and the enhanced graphics are actually really good.
It doesn't feel like the same type of graphics.
They actually, when they enhanced the graphics, they enhanced it for widescreen mode as well,
so it kind of changes the element of Missile Command.
The only thing I don't really like is that I want to be able to control the game with
a mouse.
I don't like using the stick to control the game.
Missile Command was the type of game that was meant for a freaking trackball or a mouse,
which is essentially an inverted trackball, right?
That's why I cannot play that game with a thumbstick.
I need some type of mouse or trackball control to really play Missile Command.
But as far as the presentation, graphics, sound, gameplay, it's Missile Command.
And it's cheap.
So it's fine.
I remember another game that I had with favorable reviews and then they kind of went down towards
the end.
What's that?
Elibits was another one.
Yeah, me too.
Me too.
I really liked Elibits and then I was kind of like, eh, I got old.
It's always, it gets old, just not like that.
That, uh, Rayman's Raving Rabbids, I think a little bit.
That's more of a party game though.
I'm trying to think of a game that I hated at first that I grew to like a lot more.
Oh, I know.
Silent Hill.
I didn't like Silent Hill the first time I played it.
And now I love it.
It's like totally just one of those things where I saw, I don't know, I saw something
I didn't see before the first time.
Driver 3 made peer pressure.
I don't know.
I hate the game.
I still hate the game, but it's fun to play.
Uh, Jamie.
Burnout.
Oh, Burnout.
I was kind of stupid at first.
And then when I saw how big explosions could be, I was like, I like, I like explosions
and wrecks and I really like them in my video games, especially when that's the whole point.
I had just the opposite.
I liked it when it first came out.
Um, well actually I think the one that really stood out for me is Burnout Takedown and then
Revenge is just kind of eh, it's okay.
And then, you know, the newer ones are just kind of eh, I don't care.
Uh, of course our chat room wants to chime in with their suggestions.
JV Mon says, Katamari gets old really fast.
Like within minutes.
Yeah, the PSP one.
That's like a perfect example.
Uh, let's see, um, SSJ 100 Matt is commenting on Missile Command.
Who needs a port when you got the real thing?
I finally fixed my Atari 400.
Well, for the enhanced mode, you know, for the enhanced mode is totally, you know, high
def graphics and Rayvar music and you know, all that kind of stuff.
And it's only five bucks, which if you think about how many quarters you popped into Missile
Command back in the day, five bucks is not too bad of a deal.
Um, but you know, it just depends.
I mean, some people aren't into the old retro classics.
I am, so it's worth it to me.
But if you're not into the retro upgrades, well then there's probably a lot on Xbox Live
you don't like.
Uh, but I also wanted to say I played Luminous a lot this week because of the new packs that
came out last week.
I finally got around to downloading those.
And now it's kind of cool because Luminous has all these different skins in it now.
I mean, granted, I've probably dropped like 30 bucks on the game when you count how much
I paid for the game and all these other packs I'm buying.
But the Tokyo Club pack is decent.
I think there's like two okay songs and two pretty good songs.
And the skins are all good.
And the booster pack has some pretty good stuff.
I haven't unlocked everything.
I think I've unlocked 13 of the 20 skins.
Um, there's some pretty decent stuff in there.
Uh, a couple recycles from the old Luminous games, which isn't much of a surprise, but
some new stuff as well.
So.
I did play a dance game this week.
I forgot.
No, what's that?
Uh, briefly played Neon FM, which, uh, went on the PC or something.
Yeah, I got leaked in there.
But, uh, well, it never got made, let me put it that way.
It's okay.
It would have been pretty cool if they had the dance pads for it and stuff.
It's just, you know.
Uh, I guess, well, god, you want to keep interrupting my gaming week?
I can't think.
I'm done.
Yeah, I think I am too.
Luminous was really it.
Luminous and Missile Command and World of Warcraft and that's really it.
Not a whole lot else.
Outside the norm that I've been talking about the last few weeks on the show in regards
to DS.
Oh, come on.
No game tab?
Uh, maybe a little bit, but I'm not allowed to discuss it because I get called a whore
and a sellout when I do.
That's okay.
Be a whore and a sellout.
It's up to you.
Well, then I did play a little bit of game tab this week as well, yes.
And when did you play on game tab?
Uh, old Atari 2600 games.
That's been my thing.
I've been going back through leaderboards trying to get high scores on stuff.
I played BurgerTime too.
Rob likes to score.
Trying to remind.
Oh, sorry.
I was going to say, remind me, I need to let you, uh, loan you, um, Sam and Max season
one.
Well, you don't need to.
I have it on game tab.
I just haven't played it.
Then play it.
I know.
I need to.
All right.
Anyway, so that's that.
Let's, uh, go to some housekeeping and then we'll get into gaming news.
Housekeeping tonight.
SAC anime, we mentioned last week, we'll be going to SAC anime.
Uh, we only hit a little, we hit a little kink though.
We don't know if we're actually doing a panel at SAC anime cause, uh, communication has
not been so great, but that's okay.
Things happen.
It was very last minute.
Uh, I know at least dark Sakura is going to SAC anime, uh, and I'm going as well, so we'll
be around.
So if you're going to be there, say hi, Loki.
I don't know if you're going or not.
When is it?
It's next weekend at the double tree, maybe quadruple tree.
So we'll, you know, Hey, I got an idea.
Let's name it tree.
No, double tree.
Okay.
I was holding up for quadruple tree.
Anyhow.
Uh, that's really it.
We just want to mention that we'll be appearing there in one way or another, even if we're
just walking the floor like the rest of you.
And uh, again, uh, we're always looking for automate conventions in California and the
West coast area that we can get to, to, uh, come say hi, cause we love doing live panels
and that's like, you know, we, we like doing our show live.
I don't know if you noticed, but we've recorded live.
You guys have the chat room and it's a whole nother thing to have the studio audience.
Don't you love when everybody's staring right at you?
Dark Sakura, isn't that the best way to record a show?
I'm used to it all the time.
All right, let's get into some gaming news.
Who wants to start us off tonight?
I guess I could.
All right.
If I got to.
All right.
Yes, you got to.
Well, there is a, uh, expected a price cut coming for the PlayStation three, uh, supposed
to reduce by a hundred dollars.
Um, there was an ad put out by a circuit city saying that, um, it was going to be, uh, dropping,
um, right now it's 600 bucks, but I don't know, 500 might make it actually sell better.
I don't know, but, um, it's supposed to be in conjunction with E3.
So that's going to be this year's E3 speech, 499 us dollars, 499 us dollars.
And the rest of us are like, okay, well, I mean the other models dropping the three 99
other model, they're not producing it anymore.
Oh, I got those bastards item.
I didn't even think of that because when I heard about the a hundred dollar price drop,
I was like, oh, well then the other one will be three 99.
That'll be easily affordable.
I forgot.
They got rid of that.
Sneaky bastards.
I was all excited about this price drop too.
And I guess everyone's doing it now.
In fact, I think a few people at, I remember seeing some scans of target receipts where
people are buying them for four 99 already.
So it's everywhere, but it's a secret.
You're not supposed to know about this yet.
God, I have to admit though.
I'm still not, I'm still not sold 500 still a lot.
You're talking to a guy who's like moving in a few weeks and has all those expenses.
So I can't be thinking about video game expenses right now.
I mean, we're gonna play Jamie's just, I don't know people just, that's okay.
It's collecting dust at my house anyway.
And everyone's like, oh, well that makes it more affordable.
I'm going to buy that instead of a three 60.
Well, don't you think they're going to re drop the price of a three 62 to compete with
this?
Obviously.
Otherwise actually they might leave it the same because you know, they feel it's competitive
pricing still and stuff like that.
But I would, I'd hope that they dropped the price of three 60.
Lots and lots of feedback in chat room on this raw steel UT says price drop after less
than a year.
That's a problem.
SSJ 100.
Matt says they can drop the price as much as they want, but people will still bitch.
People bitch when the Wii was $50 more and raw steel UT responds to that true.
If people had their way, they'd be free and separate off 12, 15 degrees.
We paid that $50 on the Wii for the crappy Wii sports.
But I don't know.
See as hardcore gamers, we look at Wii sports and we go, eh, you know, the, the novelty
wears off after a little bit, but seriously, I know people that are not gamers that still
all they talk about Wii tennis.
Like I was having dinner with some friends the other night who are not like the gamer
crowd and they were like, let's have a Wii party.
Let's get together and play Wii tennis.
Rob, you have a Wii, don't you?
Let's all get together and play.
And so like it's, it's still like a lot of fun for a lot of people.
Just maybe not the hardcore audience who kind of, you know, got over it after a few months.
It was kind of interesting watching the effect that has.
There you go.
JVMon suggests $499 PlayStation 3 is better competition for the Elite 360.
Gerardimo says if PlayStation 3 dropped the price, I might buy one even though there are
still no games.
Hold out.
Hold out is all I can say.
Think about it.
We're going to sucker you into buying it before the holiday season and guess what's going
to fucking come out later on?
Oh, look at that.
It's the six axis controller with rumble now and now we're including them with the new
systems.
Oops.
You already bought one.
Now you have to buy another controller too.
Just fucking wait.
There's no games really that are super huge coming out between now and Christmas anyways.
I mean, wait until the fall.
You can wait a few more months and just pick up the good games when they come out then.
So I have a question for you guys.
I already said I'm not a PlayStation 3 owner at this time and this doesn't really change
my opinion, but my question for you guys is you guys have bought PlayStation 3s.
Loki, you bought the old $499 model, which was the 20 gig.
Jamie, you guys bought the deluxe one.
Do you guys feel shafted by this?
No.
You don't feel like you got ripped off even though they're dropping the price because
maybe you've had nine months of good game play before that?
Right.
I got my PlayStation 3 first day, so I don't care.
I wouldn't call it.
I got my good out of it.
I don't really even care about it.
I got $100 off of it anyway because we used our Discover card and got money back.
I wouldn't call it good game play, but no, seriously, that's one of my reasons why I'm
telling people that they should hold off.
I have my PlayStation 3.
I bought maybe five games for it.
I sold back most of those because guess what?
They were just the 360 counterparts and they weren't any better.
I mean, Ridge Racer 7 and Full Auto 2, Motorstorm, it was pretty cool for a little bit and then
it got boring really quick and then Resistance, that's probably the only one I'd say that's
really good on it, but still, that's four games that I bought on that system since it's
come out.
How many games have I bought on the 360?
Way too many.
So Lair, Heavenly Sword, Little Big Planet, Hall, but you know Lair's been delayed to
August now and who knows, I mean, it keeps getting delayed each month, so who knows if
it's not going to end up in September anyways.
Heavenly Sword looks awesome.
I am planning on picking that one up and also, strangely enough, Ratchet and Clank, Tools
of Destruction, which you know, normally a game that I would not be interested in, but
it looks pretty cool, but that's the problem though.
It's only like a couple games, whereas the 360, I'm planning on buying a lot more than
just a couple games.
So that's a problem, because even if they do get you to buy the system, you're going
to be waiting a while for some good games, especially if you're holding out for your
Final Fantasy XIII or Metal Gear Solid IV.
Plan on waiting about a good another, I don't know, almost nine months now until those games
come out, so if not longer.
Alright, well, with this price cut on the PlayStation 3, I mean, there's a lot of possible
factors for why this price cut is happening now, but could one of them be the pressure
from the third-party companies?
It also came out this week, just before the news of the price cut, that Sega made an interesting
comment about the pricing of the PlayStation 3.
One of the executives at Sega, Masano Madea, actually had this quote, quote, name brand,
price and software are what count.
This is what he told Reuters in an interview, quote, since it's getting difficult to make
software availability a differentiating factor, superior marketing and pricing strategy will
be the key for Sony.
So kind of interesting, he's talking about, you know, maybe Sony should change up their
strategy and look at the way that they're pricing the system.
And lo and behold, they did.
And I do think that they're changing their strategy, I mean, look at the home that's
coming out, it's, you know, a sign of good things to be coming, but I want to see them
here because, you know, promises aren't getting us anywhere.
Obviously, they promise all this shit, you know, that's supposed to be out at launch,
never came out at launch, all these delays, all these third-party games getting delayed
for the PlayStation 3 or just not coming out at all.
And then, you know, at the same time, they need to have a strong Christmas or else they're
doomed.
I mean, because already, you know, the 360s had, you know, a couple strong Christmases
already, and this is going to be the third strong one.
They've got a really good lineup, especially with Halo 3, Grand Theft Auto 4, and God knows
what other stuff is coming out around that time.
And then the Wii, obviously, the Wii is going to take off like crazy at Christmas because
you still can't find them.
They really need to, because they're losing, you know, they're dropping behind a lot now,
and if they don't, you know, pick it up, it's going to be hard.
Now Matt, though, we are sitting just days away from E3 2007, and Sony pulled a pretty
big trump card out of their hand at Game Developers Conference and really changed a lot of people's
minds with Home and LittleBigPlanet.
Are they sitting on something else right now?
I hope they are.
And I really do, because I would like to see them be successful.
A box of Crayolas.
Sorry.
I don't have much faith in Sony.
Crash Bandicoot Paint.
There's that new Spyro game, I was watching the ads for it.
I'm sorry, if all they have to release, you know, is Spyro as far as their games go, then...
MacMan makes an interesting quote, E3 will change everything, and it's very interesting.
Yeah, it'll suck.
Because we're not there.
Exactly.
The interesting thing about E3 this year is that didn't the developers bitch that E3 was
too big of a deal, and you know, that it was ruining their game, and Sony wah wah wah'd
about E3 last year, and that's kind of the reason E3 has changed a lot, but isn't all
that same pressure still there this year?
Has anything changed?
People are still going to be making a lot of judgments based off of the cards that people
lay on the table at E3.
Whether they're there or not, we're all on the internet now.
I mean, hell, did you hear what Scott over at All Games is doing?
They're like going in there with like a live camera that's going to sit on Scott's head
so you can be at E3 with them.
It's just fucking nuts.
I mean, if they think the pressure is gone from E3 because they made this, you know,
they locked it down like Fort Knox, you're mistaken.
It's...
I understand why they...
Critics are watching you.
I understand why they did this, but they really, you know, E3 needs to succeed this year because
this is kind of a whole new experiment for them to see, you know, kind of changing things
up and supposedly they're going to get more business done, but really, when you think
about it, what kind of business can you get done at E3?
I mean, other than, you know, a lot of the press stuff where they're covering all these
games and everything, I mean, is there really, I mean, granted us, I mean, we were only like
three people at E3, maybe, you know, four or five or whatever, but, you know, obviously,
we can't see all of E3.
It's impossible to cover everything in great detail, but, you know, these larger, you know,
press outlets and stuff, it's a lot easier for them, but really, do you think there's
stuff that they're just missing from E3?
I mean, I don't...
A lot of them just say what the game companies want them to say because they just copy, paste,
press releases anyway.
Okay.
So we're going to expect them to do any more, you know, better work at these places?
No.
There's still enough of the independent press getting in.
Not as much as there should be, and, you know, I'm not saying that bitterly, I promise, but
there is...
Oh, I am.
There is enough of the independent press getting in that are not going to be corporate whores.
Oh, I'm extremely bitter.
I found out when someone from our work's going, bastard.
He's feeling it out.
Oh my God.
All right.
Anyhow, I had to say this in chat because now everybody's making plays on the E3 will
change everything because now they're coming up with their own tag lines.
Kyle Snyder says, dust cap two.
This time it's not dust cap one.
Long running orange lingerie joke there.
JV Mon says, Emodium AD will change everything.
I have no idea what that's even supposed to mean, so forget it.
I'm just excited.
I can't wait to see the press releases and all that stuff and also watching the conferences.
Anyways, another rumor that's supposedly coming out of the Sony press conference, or speculation
at least, is that the six axis controller is getting rumble as well as touch sensitivity.
It'll be interesting to see if they do that.
They didn't really say what exactly it's going to be doing, but apparently that through,
I guess, different sections of the controller, you'll be able to have touch sensitivity very
similar to, I guess like the DS touch screen, and then the rumble as well.
There's been even some confirmation on that coming because apparently in a developer's
behind the scenes video for Haze, they were showing the guy playing the game a little
bit and then all of a sudden one of the shots, oh the controller's blurred out for some reason.
That's kind of weird that it's blurred out.
Why would they do that?
I'm telling you, Sony's got more cards they're going to show at E3.
Oh yeah, Eye of Judgment.
Fuck the Eye of Judgment.
I'm telling you, PlayStation Eye is just a fucking eye toy again.
Don't be suckered into it.
I'm not suckered into it.
Well, we're all going to end up being suckers if we've got a PlayStation 3 down the line
because it looks like Sony is going to be working with the Nielsen's research folks
to see what we're playing, to see what they can advertise in.
Isn't that special?
So yeah, we're going to get more ads in our games thanks to this crap.
Hooray, and we're still going to pay $60 for them.
That's bullshit.
Big stinkin' piles of horse hockey.
Especially when they have tons of ads in games like Transformers.
Come on.
Does that mean...
Well, the whole movie was an Xbox ad, at least at the end.
Because on TV, where the Nielsen Rays are, if I want a show to get canceled, I don't
watch it.
So how do I get a game to get canceled?
Just not buy it?
Don't play it.
How do they rate it?
I don't...
How exactly are they going to monitor it?
I think it's to see who's playing what the most so that they know what type of games
to advertise in.
Interesting.
Now, doesn't Microsoft kind of already do that?
I mean, I don't know if Sony does this.
Microsoft kind of knows what you're playing all the time because you hit that little button
to see your friends list, you can see what they're all playing.
And Major Nelson posts every week, hey, these are the top 10 games on live.
So they kind of know what people are playing.
I guess only out of those boxes that are connected to live, that's still a pretty good representation.
I don't know.
We'll see.
Anyhow, one other thing that you could be playing on the PlayStation 3, and who knows
how many ads are going to be in this game, Gran Turismo 5.
Gran Turismo 5 will probably not see release until late 2008.
This was something that director Kaonori Yamauchi said to Car and Driver magazine.
Because spring of 2008 is the earliest possible release window for the game.
Sony is trying to get them to push the date, but they want the game to be absolutely perfect.
He did say, though, that there would be no crash damage physics.
The perfect damage system will actually be changing the physics of the game and modeling
of each panel of each car separately.
So I have no idea, but they're taking out crash damage physics.
But they did it in Forza.
Why can't they do it in Gran Turismo 5?
No idea.
It's kind of a weird, weird thing.
It's not a big deal.
I mean, Project Gotham, I don't think, does damage physics either.
At least it's not that I'm aware of.
I guess not every racing game does.
I mean, Gran Turismo is not Burnout.
But I guess maybe that's why I kind of get a weird phase.
Because when I think about playing racing games, I like racing games like Burnout, where
the point is to crash into shit.
And so I go, no crashing physics?
What the hell kind of racing game is this?
But then I go, yeah, that's right.
I've never really been a fan of Gran Turismo because I like my racers fake.
Not real.
Anyways, once again if you're hoping to see some cool shit, especially Final Fantasy 13
at E3, well, you better forget it because it's not going to be at E3 at all.
So boo-hoo.
Not surprising though, because I know Square Enix this year, they've been doing a lot
of Nintendo stuff like DS and PSP titles, and I think there's actually some Wii titles
in there as well.
Why did they decide not to bring Final Fantasy 13?
It's probably not done yet.
Duh.
I mean, obviously, how long did it take 12 to come out?
Well they had a freaking trailer at one, why does Square do that?
I remember my very first E3 they showed Final Fantasy 12 and then it wasn't even there
the next year.
Yeah, but here's the thing though.
They show you a trailer, but then, you know, we'll use Sony, and I think Microsoft used
the phrase, mainly Sony though, it's a target render.
This is what we hope the game to look like.
Oh, okay, thank you very much for getting my hopes up.
It's not exactly what the game is going to look like, but it's a target, you know, so
I'm going to strive to.
I mean, I'm sure the game's still going to look phenomenal and exceed a lot of folks'
expectations.
I mean, let's face it, Square's always pushed the envelope in that department, you know.
Oh, don't get me wrong, it's going to be awesome, but I'm more excited seeing, what is it, Last
Remnant.
That looks pretty cool.
That could be pretty awesome.
That's one in the Unreal Engine, huh?
I think that's going to be there, in trailer form.
You'll see, well, regardless, I don't know about you guys, but I'm kind of pissed that
Final Fantasy XIII isn't going to be at E3, because that was a game I was really looking
forward to, and the game that would have finally made me buy a PlayStation 3, hands down, but
now that it's not going to be at E3, I'm a little bit angsty, and when we get angsty
here at Orange Lawns Radio, people die, and we bring on the FUs of the Week.
Dark Sakura, take it away.
My FU of the Week goes toward, um, crap I can't do anything about right now.
Very vague FU of the Week, but that's alright.
Well, just like lots of stuff, you know, things that I can work toward that, uh, you know,
are going to take a lot of hard work that aren't immediate.
I would like to see immediate results.
Unfortunately in the real world, it doesn't quite work that way, does it?
So your FU is to patience, in a way.
And money.
Okay.
Patience and money.
Patience and money.
My FU goes to Stella the Kitty, because she, uh, aw, I want to meet your new kitty!
She's very persistent on chewing the power cord to the fan, and the light in our house,
and she doesn't realize that there's a lot of electricity going through that, and unfortunately
she does, very persistent on it, no matter where you move the fan, she always wants to
chew on the cords, so.
You know what you should get?
A square bottle.
No.
Bitter apple spray.
Ah, yeah.
Cats, cats are very sensitive in their noses, and, um, bitter apple is, um, a scent that
cats do not really quite care for, except unless they're nuts like one of my old cats.
He would lick it.
That cat was insane.
You do know your cat is named after a popular Atari 2600 emulator?
Well, you know, I didn't name the cat.
Actually the woman, the woman that, uh, you know, was fostering the cat, um, I guess Stella's
full, she calls her Stella-dora, so I don't know.
I'm totally gonna cat her to take pictures of your cat.
We've got plenty more.
I brought my camera, too, so.
You should tell your wife that there's a video game reference in your cat's name, she'll
love that.
She will absolutely love that.
Well, my cat was trying to play, um, the PSP last night, or basically she was trying to
chew on the headphone cord that I had while I was trying to play the PSP, but I moved
around the stuff in Final Fantasy and she was like, hey, there's stuff moving on the
screen, she kind of, like, got closer and closer and closer.
So pretty soon we'll have the cat playing the PSP or something, or, yeah.
You wanna watch her go crazy?
Take pictures of her.
Get the Jingle Cats video.
No, I need the cat.
I wanna see Stella versus Shermy.
Shermy will just sit there and be like, hi, I'm the fattest cat in the universe.
Shermy will do that.
She's like the blob.
Shermy is like E. Honda.
No, she can't.
She'll just jump up in the air and sit on Stella.
Shermy is like the blob, the immovable object.
All right, no force on earth can move the Shermy.
Can I do my FUs now?
Okay.
All right, my FU of the week goes to my new driver's license picture.
It's horrible.
Oh, come on, Rob.
Your face does not look that fat.
My face looks like a Christmas light.
It's red and fat.
It's horrible.
I just had to get a new license picture taken.
My birthday just passed since that year that my license.
I had to go in and take a new picture.
I look fat and red.
You do not.
It's horrible.
I look like I have a bowl full of jelly.
That's what I do.
It's horrible.
FU to the DMV.
Why do you do this to people?
This is why we have rampant anorexia and bulimia in our society is because of the DMV.
That's all.
I'm done.
And no, chat room, you may not have a scan.
That's personal information.
I'm not scanning my driver's license and putting it on the internet.
That's one of the dumbest things you can do.
All right, let's get back into the gaming news before I get more frustrated because
like then I'm going to take out my wallet and look at my picture again.
I'm going to get more angrier.
Well, Rob, I'm sorry I'm about to piss you off again.
Now don't we normally love Nintendo?
I love Nintendo.
Nintendo, we love you so much, but why do you have to hurt us by not having a playable
Smash Brothers at E3?
Fuckers.
So Nintendo's not going to be showing Smash Brothers at E3?
And you know what they just...
What's their excuse?
They just...
Well, it wasn't in Kojima's blog that he played an almost complete version.
Like in April.
So why not?
Why are you fucking with us, Nintendo?
Give us a playable Smash Brothers or I'll head up to Washington, beat you in the head
with an orange bat, fly to Japan, and run over your headquarters with a tank.
Give us a playable Smash Brothers or I'll head up to Washington, beat you in the head
with an orange bat, fly to Japan, and run over your headquarters with a tank.
Give me!
I need my pit and I need my snake.
The end.
I got a snake, man.
I got a snake, man.
One time I fed my snakes some beer.
Let's see.
Going to chat room.
TLUT says, like we don't know how Smash Brothers is going to play?
I don't care.
My God.
They do a damn update on the website every day and every blog on the face of the earth
covers the damn website.
Just go to the website and check it out each day.
We don't need to hear or see it updated every day.
I don't give a crap about the final moves and the control scheme and all that shit.
Just wait for the game to come out.
Be surprised.
Well, as if I wish I had good news for you, but the journey continues here with Nintendo
and what they are and aren't going to be showing at E3.
Actually this has nothing to do with what's at E3.
This is just the way it is.
Michael Kelba, who is actually the head of Retro Studios who is designing of course Metroid
Prime 3 corruption, in an interview recently with GamePro, he has confirmed that there
will be no online multiplayer in Metroid Prime 3 corruption.
Those of us that were hoping and thinking and speculating and convinced that Nintendo
is finally going to get into online gaming, they're finally going to open up to the world
of online gaming and Metroid Prime 3 is going to be the game that will do it.
We just got fucking shot down this week.
Way to brace next gen, or this gen, last gen, I don't know, online.
God damn it, this makes me angry.
Why won't you embrace online gaming Nintendo?
What did Phantasy Star Online episodes 1 and 2 burn you that badly?
What is your big problem with online gaming?
Why do you have to spray us with these friend codes crap?
Why won't you put your series that we love online?
Why do you give us something crappy like the new Pokemon game that's your only online game
and mediocre online stuff anyway?
Why will you not wake up to the next generation of gaming?
And I copy everything that Jamie said before about the game.
Anyways, more positive news.
Wait a minute, hold on, no, no, no, I'm going to chat for a minute.
Hitstun says even fucking Virtua Fighter 5 is going to be online now.
You know when a shitatious series like Virtua Fighter goes online and Metroid is still single
player only.
Something is fucked in this world.
RosteelUT says no Metroid Prime 3 online, good, Nintendo Online sucks anyway, but it
could have been better.
Jvmon says Pokemon Online is slow as hell.
The DS games are fine, Nintendo can do it, they're just not doing it for some reason.
RosteelUT says people who play Nintendo systems don't want online, those who want to play
online have 360.
I beg to differ, if you give them online, they will embrace online.
Moms and grandmas like to play Bejeweled Online and those fucking Popit games on Pogo and
shit and all those other games, like Poker Online, they'll play that, they'll play the
Wii Online too, they'll give me that just because it's not a hardcore gaming audience
or whatever.
This just makes me angry because I've been waiting so long for Nintendo to go online.
Was last year's E3, we're embracing online, the system is going to be, Nintendo is going
to be providing new content daily and every day you're going to be able to go to your
Nintendo Wii system and see new content, whether it be game downloads or all this shit or how
about, what else were they promising that was going to be really cool.
The Wii Connect 24, providing updates automatically, notice all these promises and nothing following
through.
You know, I will let this slide Nintendo because you know what, in all honesty, Metroid will
never be as good 3D as it was in 2D.
You can argue with me all you want on that one, but I just feel very strongly that Super
Metroid was the all-time greatest Metroid game, and there will never be a Metroid game
as good as Super Metroid.
Unless they do a new one in the vein of Super Metroid on the DS.
Well kinda, I mean on the Advance there was Zero Mission or whatever, but it's not the
same on a tiny screen, that's the problem, it's not the same on a tiny screen.
The first time I played Super Metroid and Kraid, you know, multi-story boss on the TV,
that was the shit.
The Brinstar music.
You can't duplicate that on a DS.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
What?
What are you doing on Thursday?
I don't know, what?
We are playing Super Metroid.
You are coming to my house and we are playing Super Metroid on my 50 inch widescreen.
I'll try to make that happen if we're not house hunting because I am in the middle of
that right now.
But anyway, what was I ranting about Metroid?
Oh, Nintendo, prove me wrong then about this whole online thing.
Let that be your cards on the table at E3.
I will let this Metroid Prime 3 corruption thing slide if you tell me that Smash Brothers
is going to be online.
I will throw myself in front of Jamie's tank to stop her evil doings and then I will make
love to all of you.
Fuck that, I want to see it actually be online.
I don't want it being promised online.
It's like they promised new fucking content each day on goddamn, you know, Wii Connect
24.
What's the point of having my damn system connected to the internet 24 hours a day if
you're not going to do anything with it?
Fuck, I even got to boot up my system before my messages will download onto it.
What the hell is this Wii Connect 24 shit?
Anyways, so hold on real quick, I'm sorry, sorry, real quick comments from chat.
MikeW0440 says Metroid Prime was one of the greatest games of all time in some people's
opinion.
That's right, and some people are entitled to be wrong.
That's fine.
I'm just kidding.
Prime was a great game, but Super Metroid was better.
That's all.
GS191 says Nintendo is labeled a big disappointment.
If they add something, people want more.
Nintendo is placed on a very high pedestal and is judged as such.
You know that's true.
As mad as I am right, Nintendo has the most to lose going into this E3, right?
Sony has the most to gain, Nintendo has the most to lose.
The problem is like Nintendo, they mark themselves as being innovative, and they are in certain
aspects, but in other aspects, they're making really stupid mistakes.
Not a lot of storage on their system.
Not allowing third party or outside storage.
Granted, they do have the SD memory cards, but other than transferring your game saves
off of it and maybe playing some MP3s in Excite Truck, it's not being used, or I don't know,
the whole online thing.
It's all these promises, and you get your hopes up, and then they don't fucking deliver.
I want delivery, dammit.
Please read a story that will not make me want to play the FU music again.
Nintendo in Japan, they're of course Club Nintendo, including they have a lot of exclusive
games that get released on there, and they get to buy them off with points that you earn
from buying different Nintendo games and stuff.
Such wonderful games include the Game & Watch Collection for the DS, Tingle's Balloon Fight,
and now Exclamation Warriors.
It's a bizarre DS game that uses the microphone for gameplay, so it's kind of like a Sentai
Hero type thing, like Mighty Morphin Power Rangers, and you basically yell your attacks
and stuff, so you know, like TRANSFORM, and that's how you play the game.
It's like PUNCH, KICK, and they have like some video of people playing it and stuff,
so it's very strange.
It's something that would probably do pretty well over here, but of course we'll never
see it.
I could imagine Loki playing this game, PUNCH, KICK, KICK, KICK GOD DAMN IT I SAY KICK NO
I SAY KICK BRU BRU
Yeah my voice was already leaving before tonight's show by the way, tonight's show is just making
it worse, I just kind of wanted to get that out there because I can feel myself losing
my voice, it was already going away last night, that's just great.
This show is very healthy for me, I think I just shaved five years off of my life with
tonight's bout of anger.
I have bouts of anger every day, usually when I go to work, this actually makes me a little
angry too.
Guess the game they're bringing out on the Wii and DS?
Lord knows what, Mario?
Jenga!
Wait, like the board game Jenga?
It's not a board game, it's the stacking game, you know where you have all the blocks and
you have to pull one out and put it up at the top?
But Jenga's only fun if you have all the blocks to fall all over people.
Okay people, step away from the credit card.
Here's why.
Why the fuck would you buy a game that's probably not going to play very well, granted, okay
yeah it's the Wii, you can use the Wii Remote too, okay but yeah, honestly, the Wii is not
that sensitive.
Jenga doesn't cost, I would imagine it's probably less than $10, and you're going to buy a game
for at least $20, and that's the low end.
I bet this Wii version would not have truth or dare Jenga on it, and there is a truth
or dare Jenga game available, it's kind of fun.
So I don't understand why people do this shit.
Because people are too lazy to put the block sculpture together, because it is a little
bit painstaking, I mean you have to put three this way, then three this way, then three
this way.
Oh my god, and you can just like, I don't know, stack it in the plastic thing that comes
with it.
Oh that's so difficult, so difficult!
That is a lot of effort for some people.
What can you imagine though, taking it out with the Wii Remote and stuff like that, and
all of a sudden your IR gets fucked up because something shiny is in the room and it knocks
the whole thing over and you're like, fucking A, why the hell did I pay money for this damn
game?
I was doing it perfect and it fucked it up, what the hell?
Maybe this version of Jenga will actually be online, you could play online.
Oh yeah, oh wait, Nintendo, never mind.
It can't be online, because that's not possible.
Yeah, I agree, I have no idea why this game exists.
But we can talk about some games that will exist pretty soon.
Jamie, are you excited about Jenga on the Wii?
No, I want, I miss my actual Jenga.
We should play Truth or Dare Jenga on OLR one night during a slow news week, because
the little blocks that you pull out have little questions on them that you have to answer,
or little dares you have to do, or it's dumb stuff.
It's like a Mormon Truth or Dare game, you're not going to do anything that dirty.
Anyway, let's talk about some upcoming release dates over in Japan and some things you can
get your hands on pretty soon.
Let's talk about the Xbox 360 on July 12th, Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter
2 makes its way to the Japanese audience thanks to Ubisoft, that's on the Xbox 360.
Going over to some other platforms on the Nintendo Wii, Dragon Quest Swords finally
shows up on July 12th from Squeenix on the Nintendo Wii.
Not a very busy release week, but if you go over to the PlayStation 3, you get Gundam
Musou, but that's actually coming out in Korea, I'm not sure if that's also coming out in
Japan, but it is coming out over there.
It's the same TV type anyway, actually the same TV is over here.
Also coming out on the PlayStation 2, a lot of the Grand Theft Auto games are going into
the best hits, so they're getting big price reductions over there in Japan.
Also Disgaea Hour of Darkness 2 is also getting a price cut.
Not a whole lot of new games coming out over there in Japan, although if you're a music
game fan, you probably already have Pop and Music 14 Fever preordered.
Pop and Music 14, of course, the long running music game series, it's kind of like a cross
between Beat Mania and Trouble with the Pop-O-Matic Bubble, because the controller looks like
seven of those and you hit them.
If you ever watch that movie, what the hell is that movie?
Lost in Translation, which is walking through the arcade, you see somebody freestyling on
Pop and Music, it's pretty awesome.
Also coming out on the PlayStation 2, there's a game called Izumo Zero, it's an adventure
game.
It's yet another title that has a very nice looking anime chick on the front, I'm sure
that's like every other game of that type.
I'm totally labeling this based on the box art alone.
On the Nintendo DS, Death Note, there's a Death Note game coming out from Konami.
I need this.
So you'll like that one.
And Monster Farm DS also coming out, and one of my favorite titles, I have no idea what
this is supposed to mean, but it's Kyurin Revolution Mezase Idol Queen, it's a strategy
game from Konami, but it looks like a pop idol kind of contest, and the chick's wearing
a cowboy hat and winking at you on the box art cover, so I have no idea what the hell
that game's supposed to be.
Over on the PSP, coming out on July 12th over in Japan, you have Tekken Dark Resurrection
getting a price cut, and that's it, no new games.
There you have it, Japanese releases.
I was going to mention something real quick, the DDR Hottest Party page finally made it
up on the Japanese site for Konami, and I thought there was some intro, they had quotes
from all the music directors and stuff from other Bomani games in Japan, and they have
some really interesting quotes like, this game is killing it, the Dance Dance Revolution
Extreme director, Inubuzu, which I thought was funny.
That's what happens when I don't play DDR for like six months, and then I try to play
like a ten foot song on the arcade, I go, this game is killing me.
You know.
What?
I actually passed a nine footer the other day.
Wow can I shake your hand?
After a year of not playing.
No that's good, but did you want to die afterwards?
Yes I did freaking kakame!
This game is killing it!
Anyhow, more release dates please, Loki.
Well if you're looking for console games this week, keep looking.
The only thing that you are going to find though is Project Silpheed for the 360, that's
going to be making its way out this week.
Didn't that already come out?
No.
It is coming out this week though.
That's about it for console games.
Now for handhelds though, we've got a few things, Smash Court Tennis 3 is coming out
to the PSP, as well as Riviera, The Promised Land is also making its way out to the PSP.
See for the DS, just Vegas Casino High Five, that's making its way out.
And then on the PC, not a whole lot of good stuff, but yet again, it doesn't cease to
amaze me, another Tycoon game, Ride Carnival Tycoon, coming out, I swear to god there's
a new one every fucking week.
I can probably play that piece of shit online, but I still can't take my Wii online.
Anyhow, how about some European release dates for the listeners?
Well we have a few interesting things.
Actually on the 13th is Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix on Game Boy Advance,
Mario Party 8 for Wii, Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter 2, also on the 13th
for PC.
On the 20th we have The Darkness and Transformers The Game on DS, sorry, the DS release.
And then on the 21st, the one thing everybody's been looking forward to on the PC, this is
so exciting, Brian Lara's International Cricket.
Hooray!
I'm so excited.
Because everybody loves cricket.
Yeah.
And to that statement, I hear a chorus of crickets in the background, wah wah wah, oh
god I'm fired.
Wasn't that that little doll that you'd put the tape in her back and she'd read you a
story?
What?
It was called Cricket.
It was Teddy Ruxpin.
Have you been reading Penny Arcade lately?
No.
They're doing like, I don't read, they're doing like hardcore Teddy Ruxpin, the action
hero.
Now that's cool.
There should be, there should be like a fighting game with our childhood favorites, like Teddy
Ruxpin versus Cabbage Patch Doll.
Now here's the thing, you probably never played this game, but it's a, I don't know if it's
a tabletop RPG, but it is an RPG.
It's called Fuzzy Heroes, and you use stuffed animals as, I swear to god, you use stuffed
animals as characters in the game, and based on what the stuffed animal has, the attributes
and stuff, you have different attack abilities, and it's a tactical, like, I guess I don't
know what you'd call it, tabletop RPG, but it's basically like a tabletop RPG, and you
move them around and stuff and you attack with different abilities, like so for example,
I had, we had brought, and we only played this game once, and it kind of sucked.
What is this game called again?
Fuzzy Heroes.
This is like a furry's paradise.
And basically, like, I had the dragon from Fantasia, you know, that we got at Disneyland,
and so, you know, because it's a dragon, you know, it would have, like, flight and fire
and stuff like that, so, I don't know, this was a long time ago, but I don't know, it's,
they could do something like that, I guess, with stuffed animals, it's an interesting
idea.
You could do that with them again.
Yeah.
Okay.
What?
Oh, my God, Rob.
Here's what Miklotov, here's.
Best radio ever.
Sometimes I wish this were a TV show, but here is the present that Miklotov, Rice Princess,
and Xtaphir all went together and got me.
It's a panda bear wearing stripper boots and a tutu.
A pink tutu.
A pink tutu carrying a little wand with, Jonas just joined us, by the way, and he's making
this face like OMG.
Jonas, can you please describe this, her name is Sassy Pants, by the way.
Can you please describe Sassy Pants to the listeners?
And welcome to the show.
How could I even explain?
What the hell is this?
It's a panda bear wearing a pink tutu and stripper boots.
So what I'm curious, how would Sassy Pants fare in Fuzzy Heroes?
Because I think she would dominate, because she can cast magic, true, she has stripper
boots, so you know she can kick, so I want to play Fuzzy Heroes with Sassy Pants.
I'm not sure, because I unfortunately don't have the rule book in front of me, because
this is someone else's thing, but okay, it's a game, if you go to FuzzyHeroes.com,
I think you can still buy the book, but anyways, it's created by Inner City Games Designs,
and let me see if I can read a brief description of what the game is.
Inner City Games Design is probably best known for our Fuzzy Heroes line of miniature gaming
products, products that use stuffed toys and action figures as miniature combatants in
a 3D strategic simulation.
These games are designed to be introductory for those who are new to the miniatures hobby,
but with both enough depth and humor to engage the veteran miniatures gamer as well.
We still make Fuzzy Heroes and in fact are gearing up for another set of both games and
comics for this line, I guess they have comics for this too.
We also make several independent toy related games, including Very Large Creature, Stuffed
Toys Vs. Miniatures, and Sports Fuzz, 3D football using toys, beer bottles, and whatever happens
to be lying around.
By the way, Sassy Pants' tiara fell off, so I found that in the living room, but there's
also that, which must add some magical powers to it.
I don't know, but I swear you can probably find this in a comic shop, anyplace that has
the miniatures tabletop strategy games and stuff.
We're spending far too much time on this topic.
Sorry.
No, it's funny.
I'd never heard of this.
It would be fun for like, that'd be a fun thing to record.
Yeah, for a YouTube or something, OLR plays Fuzzy Heroes.
I wanted to say though about the Harry Potter game that's coming out, it came out here obviously
already, and I actually got to see it this week, I forgot to say it during my gameweek
because I didn't play it, I watched somebody else play it.
It looked boring.
It looked like all the other Harry Potter games, they didn't look, I mean, because I
was really excited.
Those figures are not very great.
I was excited about getting to cast magic with the wiimote and everything.
The funniest thing though was when my friend Eddie, who was playing it, picked up the table
and was slamming it into people.
They would go, oh, oh, that hurts, oh, that hurts.
The game's really funny.
It's like, you go to Hogwarts and then you run errands through people.
It's like Hogwarts errand boy, the game is really what the hell...
No, it's like Animal Crossing at Hogwarts.
Except Animal Crossing is more fun?
Yeah.
Instead of shaking trees, you get beaten up by the whomping willow.
Anyway, I just wanted to say that real quickly because I actually played the Harry Potter,
well, I watched the Harry Potter game and it wasn't all that.
Anyway, Australia, we haven't talked a lot about what's going on in Australia, but
if you are a Wii owner in Australia, you have some good news for you this week.
You got a ton of virtual console games this week, which is very interesting and that's
why we're kind of wanting to report on the show is that Nintendo can certainly just push
out like a shitload of games all at once.
Listen to this, Australia's got like all of this in one week here.
Bonk's Adventure, Bomberman 93, Superstar Soldier, Victory Run, Alien Crush, Military
Madness, R-Type, Dungeon Explorer, Soldier Blade, Motor Roader, and Vigilante.
So if you're a TurboGrafx fan in Australia, you had a very good week this week.
Hey, Rob, while we're at it.
Um, there were actually new releases for, um, uh, and actually now I'm trying to find
them again.
There were new releases for a virtual console in the UK as well and I unfortunately just
lost my link to it.
Super Mario Brothers 2 in the US.
Oh, and over there?
I do believe that was one of them.
I had just had it and I feel really crappy about it because, um, I just looked all this
up last night.
I think Paper Mario is supposed to be coming over here pretty soon too.
They said what's coming out over here on Monday?
Nothing yet?
I saw Paper Mario 4, I think, is one of the other regions.
Here it is.
Okay.
The, uh, Virtual Console, um, for, uh, UK, actually Sonic the Hedgehog 2 just came out.
Um, Golden Axe 2, Echo Tides of Time, Dragon Spirit, those are the games that just came
out.
I think we got most of those over here already, I think.
So for once, uh, Europe didn't beat us to the punch on Virtual Console because they
have been lately.
But they did get some really good games because I love Echo Tides of Time.
Um, sadly though, I think this is the Mega Drive version and not the, uh, the Mega CD
one.
Oh, good point.
James Patrick in chat says, Australia never saw the release of the TurboGrafx at all.
So if you're a TurboGrafx fan living in Australia, you might be the only one.
You're a rarity.
Either that or you were a major hardcore importer.
Yeah, you're a hardcore importer.
Anyways.
Um, another game that's coming out here later in the fall, Resident Evil Umbrella Chronicles,
is going to be supporting co-op gameplay as well.
I mean, what good gun game doesn't support, you know, co-op play, but, um, you'll be able
to kill zombies and whatnot, uh, with a friend.
I think, obviously though, it's probably local co-op and not online because, you know.
It is on the Wii.
They should totally have it to where you are one person and then other people control the
zombies.
Sort of like that Pac-Man game.
That would be fun.
You could, I want Zombie the game where you are a zombie.
Why haven't, why hasn't a game like that been made?
That's a brilliant idea.
They need to do more.
What?
They did an online game, I thought, with Resident Evil where if you got bit, you became a zombie
and stuff.
But I think they should do Marvel Zombies the game.
Or you're a superhero zombie.
Or a George Romero zombie type game or something.
I don't know, I guess that's what Dead Rising was.
But like one where you actually get to be the zombie.
That would be kind of fun.
Like an online game.
Oh, I guess that was Resident Evil on PS2, wasn't it?
I want Marvel Zombies the game.
But make it good this time.
Make it memorable.
Well, hey, I have something that's memorable.
What's that?
People were crackheads like me back in the day.
Ragnarok Online is going to be on Japanese DS in 2008.
The game is also going to be released with Sakana no Asobo, which is a fishing game.
And a, sorry, there's actually going to be an Ikebana game, Ikebana is flower arranging
by the way.
But Ragnarok Online is going to be in real time using the Nintendo Wi-Fi.
And it's supposed to be, I guess, tailored to the DS, but it's only going to be out in
Japan right now.
Which means I'm going to be importing it and sitting around with my dictionary.
Either that, or I will just probably remember where all the shit is anyway, because I played
Ragnarok Online for what, five, six years?
Well there's really only one phrase that you need to know in Japanese, and that's we ban
you.
Yeah, but actually, the Rob D makes an interesting point, why are they calling it Ragnarok Online
when it's not online?
It is online.
It's going to be on Wi-Fi.
Oh.
Huh?
Touche.
So much for that.
Also speaking of quirky games coming over from overseas, Majesco is going to be making
a local version of Furu Furu Park.
It was a game that came out in Japan in April, and get this, it's a game on the Wii that
consists of mini games.
Who doesn't love mini games on the Wii?
Good stuff.
But the cool thing about it, in all seriousness, is that it's based off a lot of classic Taito
games that you've seen re-released in other bundles, but these are re-imagined games.
Bubble Bobble, Arkanoid.
Majesco's going to be localizing it here for North America, and making it all in English
and all that good stuff.
I love Arkanoid.
That is one of the mindless games that I absolutely just love, is Arkanoid.
Will you be able to pass level 30?
I'm pretty sure you will be.
I always liked Arkanoid Revenge of- Don't!
That was one of my favorites.
I like those games as a kid a lot.
I had my breakout going on back in the day.
I was where you could give your paddle a gun.
It's like Breakout with guns, that was awesome.
By the way, the game also has like original type of games.
There's a karate game, a safe cracking game, so it's not just retro classics.
But mini game fun, because who doesn't love their mini games on the Wii?
That's what I live for on the Wii.
Well, something very interesting that's going to be coming to arcades pretty soon.
Capcom is actually doing an original 2D fighting game.
It's going to be the first one that they've done in three years.
It's coming soon.
There's a new teaser page on Capcom Japan's site.
No word exactly on what it is, although it looks very promising seeing as some of the
shots we've seen so far of the Street Fighter 2 HD for the Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation
Network and stuff.
Oh, it looks awesome.
Do you really think they'd put out Street Fighter 4?
No, not for another five years.
If Street Fighter 3 was any indication.
I think we need another Marvel vs. Capcom.
You know what we need?
We need a Cyberbot sequel, because Cyberbot is Capcom's number one fighting game.
Interesting choice.
To quote Puzzle Fighter anyway.
Let's see.
You could have...
It's the game that gave us Devilot and Super 8.
Capcom and SNK vs. Marvel and I don't know, your mom.
Arcades vs. comics.
There you go.
It'll be like arcade fighting games vs. comic characters.
We just need a new Cyberbot.
We need a new Cyberbot, because Cyberbot is still...
And we...
And another Red Earth.
How about another Darkstalkers game?
That would be cool.
No.
How about no?
I don't know.
It's all about dude who played with his blood.
That'd be cool.
Go get a...
Going to chatroomchat.orangelandtrader.com, Rob D. says, new Capcom 2D fighter?
I'm in.
No questions asked.
Let's see.
Shadow Charlie says, quote, butt fucking yeah, another Cyberbot.
Hell yeah.
What they need to do is they need to get like, you know how they have the Triforce thing
for, you know, the F-Zero stuff, where it's Sega and, you know, Namco and Nintendo.
They need to do something like that for fighting games, SNK, Capcom, and maybe Sega, I guess.
And do like some sort of all-encompassing thing that has a lot of characters from all
these different games.
You know, you think all those brilliant minds put together could like, I don't know, save
arcades?
No.
You think?
I don't know.
Maybe they don't want to.
Well, I mean, look at MUGEN.
I mean, that's the way to go.
Billions of fighters all fighting each other.
That should be the name of the game.
MUGEN is freaking awesome.
There it is.
There's the name of the game right there.
Billions of fighters all fighting each other.
That's it, right?
Super happy.
Yeah.
Because, you know, that's fighting orgy.
You know what game, though, that I really want a new version of?
Not orgy.
No.
I want a new Rival Schools.
I played the crap out of the first one, out of the Evolution one.
I paid 90 bucks for the Evolution one.
Well, no, there was a rumor about the Apollo Justice game or whatever that was subtitled
and people are thinking it's either a new Phoenix Wright game or a new Rival Schools
game.
So.
You know what?
MUGEN makes this joke in chat, the Super Ultimate Extreme Fighting Combat Tournament, and that
makes me think, oh my god, why doesn't Capcom and Midway just get together, give the fans
what they want?
Street Fighter versus Mortal Kombat.
Come on.
That would be hot.
That would be hot.
It wouldn't work.
They would have to use, like, this really shitball Street Fighter game.
Actually, no.
And Mortal Kombat.
Actually, no.
They could take the Mortal Kombat characters and make them all cool, cell, you know, shaded
and stuff.
The ones that are all 3D, they could use the Street Fighter EX.
Now I do realize this means Capcom and Midway have to get together, which I don't think
anybody ever thinks would happen, but.
Why not?
I would say that would be pretty cool.
And there you go.
Midway, SNK, and Capcom.
And I would say instead of going, you know, with the live, you know, the Mortal Kombat's
been out of arcades for how long now?
For a long time.
And this way you could take, you know, the characters from Mortal Kombat and actually
draw them all cell shaded and stuff and it would look pretty awesome.
But they would never do that because it would be awesome and make sense.
Ross Steele, UT, says Street Fighter versus Mortal Kombat wouldn't work.
The games are too different.
I don't know though, but they made, I mean, they made Capcom fight comic book characters
and that somehow worked.
I mean, and, you know, Marvel versus Capcom versus SNK, you know, and it could, I mean,
I understand because there's a lot of weaponry that goes into Mortal Kombat and it's a much
darker game.
Yes, it's a total fanboy thing I'm going off on here with, but come on and indulge me for
just like five seconds.
It might be a fun game.
Well, if you don't mind me going to a previous topic, by the way, the Ragnarok Online DS
is not actually online.
They just have multiplayer elements over Wi-Fi.
I'm going to refrain from making the obvious joke here about Nintendo because I'm irritating
some folks in chat, although they can kiss my big fat butt.
They should just do it on Wii, but instead of your little Ragnarok characters, you have
your Miis.
No, that might be cute.
You have, like, Ragnar-Me.
Ragnar-Me?
You're weird.
All right, enough of this whole fighting game talk.
Somebody please bring up another topic.
Well, anyone who's a fan of Valkyrie Profile will be happy that Valkyrie Profile 2 has
a date.
It will be out on the 7th of September.
Yay!
So this one has got a different story.
There's going to be the youngest of three Valkyries is booted out of heaven and has
to go do shit.
That would suck to get booted out of heaven, actually.
So this is one of those series I've wanted to play but haven't gotten a chance to check
out.
Well, seeing as how if you're a Valkyrie you have to fight all the time and then think
people to die, so I think being booted out of heaven might not be so bad.
The only other game with a Valkyrie I can think of is Gauntlet because I always used
to play Blue Valkyrie.
Or Macross.
Blue Valkyrie.
Yeah, but that's a different kind of Valkyrie, duh.
I like that Valkyrie a lot better.
Dude, I wouldn't mind having the one where you use your brain, like in Macross Plus.
The YF-21.
That was it.
Anyway.
Uh, you know, a lot of folks in chat, going back to the fighting game topic for a moment,
now they're getting all Killer Instinct on it.
They're like, who owns Killer Instinct now?
I do.
Who cares?
Killer Instinct sucked.
It was kind of fun.
I liked it.
Boo!
Boo yourself.
I actually have both of them.
I have the one on Nintendo 64 and, okay.
I forgot they had it on 64.
Yeah, they did KI 2 Gold.
That's right.
Good times.
And I remember, this was before I moved out here.
I had Dan play the game over and over and over again just to rip me orchid's music.
SSJ100Matt says, Rare says they have no intention of doing a new Killer Instinct.
DIAF Rare.
You know, I played a Rare, actually I did play a Rare game at the party.
Pinbot.
Rare published Pinbot for the Nintendo.
That's true.
But thank God, though, they're going to be doing that Banjo Kazooie sequel.
Woo!
Cannot wait.
That's going to be so awesome and totally won't suck.
All right, look, let's change the topic completely here.
One last topic for this part A, then we're going to go into a break and come back for
part B. Talking about the Simpsons game.
You know, the Simpsons have a game coming out, you know, it's no coincidence there's
a movie and pretty soon there'll be a game.
And this game is like a spoof of every other video game, yes?
Yes.
Yes.
Well, the ultimate spoof waits for you at the very end of the game.
The very last boss, the final boss in the Simpsons game is Matt Groening, the creator
of the Simpsons is who you will face at the very end of the game.
Ooh, spoiler!
Yeah, sorry, OMG spoiler, but you know, come on, you don't play a Simpsons game for the
plot.
You play it because it's funny.
The game looks sexy, too, by the way.
This is like EA's first Simpsons game.
It looks awesome.
Good.
Well, props to EA.
You know, sometimes we dog on that company a little bit on this show, but props to them
if they pull this off.
Certainly not anything like Superman returns the game.
This game, by the way, will be out this fall, so it's going to miss the movie, but probably
make it in time for the DVD release, yes?
That would be my guess.
The Rob D says, you totally spoiled the Simpsons game I wasn't going to play.
How could you?
SSJ100Matt says, still waiting on Simpsons arcade game on 360.
You never know, the movie's around the corner.
It could happen.
It could happen.
But, again, it's going to be like that whole, you know, Konami and Ubisoft had to kind of
team up to get us Ninja Turtles, so what, Konami and EA are going to have to team up
to get us Simpsons, right?
Could happen, though.
Who knows?
You know, it could very well could be like Doom, where it's like, Doom, there it is.
We didn't tell you about it, so there it is.
That's exactly what Peter Moore said at the press conference, too, is it's like, Doom,
there it is.
Yeah, we need a break.
I know, that's how I feel, too.
We're going to take a quick break, and we'll be back with a little more of Orange Lounge
Radio.
Hey, in part B tonight, listless.
E3 is just around the corner, so we need to do an honorary E3 listless.
If you haven't heard listless before, definitely stay tuned for part B. And we'll be back with
more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights, and it's podcast to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
