Tonight, July 15th, 2007, an E3 wrap-up, Microsoft gets Disney movies, Nintendo wants you to
get fit, and Sony gives the PSP a makeover.
Hello everybody out there and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer
lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always, say hello to Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Yo.
How you doing, Jamie?
Uh.
Yeah.
A little, uh.
Conventioning to this morning.
Ah.
We'll talk a little more about that in just a moment, but let me introduce as well, Techmaster
Loki.
Hello.
How you doing, Techmaster Loki?
I'm doing fine.
Swell.
Are you all conventioned out as well?
No.
Oh, that's too bad or good?
I don't know if that's good news.
I didn't really go through the convention at all.
All right.
We'll talk about the convention in just a little bit.
We have, unfortunately, no real special guests in the studio tonight.
I mean, Xfer's over there playing WoW, but that means he's probably too busy to actually
comment on tonight's programs.
Some other folks might come in and out, as sometimes happens around here, because we
have an open studio, and we never know who's going to show up here at Orange Lounge Radio,
but we do always have the chat room, and you never know who's going to show up in our chat
room.
If you head on over to orangeloungeradio.com and click on Chat, you can join us and randomly
comment on the show as it's going on.
We have some new folks in chat tonight.
We Too is in chat.
I don't know if I said that name wrong.
It says, geez, Rob sounds different from the podcast.
I don't know.
Well, it could be the fact that it's a different bit rate when we stream live than it is on
the podcast.
I think it's a little cleaner.
Our live stream actually uses MP3 Pro encoding.
Actually, the podcast, our audio archive, uses MP3 Pro as well.
Unfortunately, the iPods don't recognize MP3 Pro, which is how most people listen to us.
If you listen to the shows on WinApp, it actually sounds a little cleaner if you have the MP3
Pro plug-in installed.
Just a little tip for those of you guys that listen live at home.
Anyhow, let's start off tonight's program talking about how is your gaming week.
Unfortunately, none of us were able to go to E3 this year, so we didn't get to do that,
but we'll be talking a lot about that and giving our opinions on things as outsiders
looking in, as well as really relying on your comments as well to let us know what you thought
of this year's E3.
What kind of games did you play this week since you weren't in E3?
Dark Sakura.
Well, I tried to play some Para Para Paradise.
Got as far as getting everything set up and then left the room, which we'll be getting
into that later.
And then I played a little bit of pinball, played some Burning Crusade, well actually
I got as far as setting it up and then realizing I had to patch and then saying screw this
noise and not playing.
And I finally got my first badge in Pokemans, so yeah, while I was on the recumbent bike
at the gym.
The recumbent bike for people who are not gym savvy or vocabulary savvy means you sit
back on your ass and pedal in front of you.
What was that bike, Loki?
You would know this better in that one episode of South Park, Mr. Garrison invented the bike.
It was the It, I think.
The It?
Yeah, remember because it was a parody of the Segway, which remember before that it
was called It.
I don't remember what it was called exactly.
Have you ever seen, they have like a Capri Sun commercial or something like that where
people are riding bikes that look exactly like that, so they do exist.
Okay, I know Dark Soccer doesn't watch a lot of TV, so you have no idea what I'm talking
about.
I don't watch TV at all.
Well, that's not true because you watch Doctor Who.
I downloaded it off the internet, but that's technically not watching TV, but I don't see
commercials or I'm not exposed to idiocy.
Alright, anyway, bear with me here for a minute.
There's this thing and Mr. Garrison invented it and you sit on this thing to make it run
and then you blow into a tube and when you talk about the recumbent bike, it makes it
sound like one of those.
But you're leaning forward and you lean back on a recumbent bike.
Alright, never mind.
The chat room agrees it's the It, so at least somebody will know what I'm talking about.
Thank God.
Anyway, sorry Dark Soccer.
Okay, I want a Segway.
Rob, get me one.
No.
Please.
No money.
Oh, okay.
Getting you presents requires money that I don't have.
Alright, Loki, how was your gaming week?
I meant to play all the E3 demos that were available on Xbox Live.
I just never got around to it.
I got around to downloading them, just not playing them, so that wasn't really helpful.
I did, well, let's see what I played this week.
I played more Saints Row multiplayer because we were still testing out the LAN stuff and
it works great now that I actually updated all the systems to have the multiplayer patch
on it.
So now it works awesome and it's pretty fun actually.
The other thing we tried was, the other thing I played more Earth Defense Force 2017 because
yes we're still not done with the game and it's getting pretty hard now because now we
have to play on Inferno.
So we finished a few things on that and then I'm playing more Final Fantasy on the PSP,
or Grand Theft Auto Vice City Stories on PSP.
I do have stuff to play this week.
I just got a preview copy of Shimagami Tensei Persona 3, so I'm going to be playing that.
That'll be fun.
And then...
A lot of folks liked the last game that came out in that series, so...
Yeah, so it should be pretty good.
That's pretty much it for right now.
I'm looking, hopefully this week, Paper Mario is going to be making its way out on our virtual
console because it's everywhere else, but you know, I want to play that now.
Because Super Paper Mario is pretty fun and I hear it's not really much different than
the original Paper Mario.
Do you have information to back that up that is definitely coming out here Monday or are
you just guessing?
I'm just guessing.
I'm just guessing.
Alright.
Fair enough.
Okay, well my gaming week, I also tried to download a bunch of those demos that came
out.
The first one I found playing was Blue Dragon, which, you know, I don't like having to read
walls of text to explain to me how to play the game.
I'm a bigger fan of those tutorials that kind of walks you through.
Maybe that's just my learning styles, I like to be kind of hands-on.
But I found in Blue Dragon, before you enter the room to start fighting monsters, you really
have to just read these wall of words that talk about the game and how the battle system
works.
And that doesn't really do it for me.
I like it when you fight a fight and then somebody comes in helping explain it to you
as you're fighting.
I don't know.
Maybe I'm just...
It might be just because it's the demo.
I'm hoping.
I'm really hoping.
And I would never want to base my judgment of an entire game off a demo, but it was very
hard for me to get into for that reason.
I felt like I wasn't really understanding everything that was going on.
But it does seem to have a pretty cool combat system.
It's somewhat a real-time system, but you can have your attacks stronger if you wait
longer.
It's interesting.
So I'm looking forward to seeing the finished product.
I'm such a fan of the Japanese RPGs, and especially, I'm interested in the products that Mistwalker
is putting out.
I'm at least going to rent the darn game if I don't buy it.
That and Eternal Sonata and the other stuff that's coming out.
I hear it's three to sixteen.
Blue Dragon?
Really?
Yeah.
I thought it was only two.
I thought it was three.
Oh, well.
So there's that.
And as well, I downloaded Sonic on Arcade, which was a little silly because I have Sonic
on the Wii as well.
But I just kind of wanted to try it out to sort of see, okay, what's the differences
between the emulating on the Wii and the emulating on the Xbox 360?
And I'll tell you, the Xbox 360 one is actually a little bit better because it's not just
a straight-up port.
I mean, playing the Wii one does feel like you've whipped out your Genesis and hooked
it up and you're playing the real deal, but the Xbox 360 one, you can kind of not only
have that, just a straight-up emulation, but you can do the screen resizing.
You can do the smoothing graphics, which although it's an option, I don't think it looks that
good.
You have the online leaderboards.
There's a lot of little extra things that are kind of cool.
And to my mind, it's a better value for five bucks on the Xbox 360 than the eight bucks
it is on the Wii because of the fact that it was a Genesis title.
So I have to say, if you didn't buy Sonic on the Wii and you're a fan of the series,
you should definitely check out Sonic on the 360.
Golden Axe I checked out as well, but the problem is that Golden Axe is one of those
things that was much cooler when we were kids.
For me anyway.
The original Golden Axe was much cooler when we were kids, and yes, I know it's got a great
ending and everything, and the game was so much fun to play, co-op, but I just don't
see the magic there in this day and age playing it on the Xbox 360.
The game's very repetitive to me, and I think it's just one of those things that was much
cooler, watching the magic and everything when I was younger.
Other than that, I...
Yeah, go ahead.
I was going to say, you know what I'm really disappointed they haven't brought to the live
arcade yet is the Gauntlet Legends series.
That would have been cool.
I tried Gauntlet, not a big fan of the original Gauntlet, but Gauntlet Legends, I used to
go play that at the arcade all the time.
Gauntlet Legends is pretty rad.
I had the port on the N64 they made of that, and I had a lot of fun with that, because
that was a good party game as well.
Going to the chat room and looking at comments there, Pekor Uno says, Sonic is actually a
lot harder than I remembered it to be.
Yeah, I'm kind of finding the same thing.
I don't know, I'm finding this game is a lot harder than I remember it, but I used to be
better at video games when I was a kid than I am now in my old age.
Looking to see what other comments there are.
Yeah, Darkseidra?
Sorry, I was talking about Gauntlet 64 really makes me want to play the old Gauntlet now.
The old school one?
Oh, hell yeah!
See, that's another one of those games that I have better memories of as a kid.
I don't know why.
Like, you know, of course we all remember that Blue Valkyrie is about to die, and all
this will say, don't shoot food.
I just have this urge now to go back and play Gauntlet and Mile in Secret Castle, and, oh,
shit, Marble Madness.
I'll give you this.
I think going back and playing a game like Gauntlet is much more fun with four people.
Well, yeah, that's what I mean.
When you have everybody there playing all the old school stuff, that's fun.
I don't have a lot of friends, so I don't get to play the old school.
You know we didn't play Super Metroid on Thursday?
We didn't.
We didn't.
So you have to play Super Metroid with me this week.
Absolutely.
You know, it's funny you mention that, because I did play, I had jury duty this week.
Suck.
Poor Rob.
Yeah, they called me back 13 months after I was there before.
Long time listeners of OLR may remember, I was on like a two week case last year.
But I went back this year, and thank God I didn't get called, but I had to sit around
all day long waiting to see if they'd call me.
I played Metroid Zero Mission, like all day, which, you know, is the next best thing to
Super Metroid on the Game Boy Advance, or in my case, the DS.
But all I could play was the one Advance game I had in the slot, because I lost the stylus
to my DS Fat, which my DS Lite was uncharged.
Fuck that, use your finger.
That's what I'd be doing.
Screw it.
Finger works just as well.
Metroid Zero Mission is pretty awesome.
I didn't want to play puzzle.
I know originally you're thinking, hey, oh crap, it's going to get the screen all messed
up and stuff.
Now fuck it, who cares.
You can just rub it on your shirt, it's all good.
SSJ100Matt says, wow, back to jury duty.
Yeah, unfortunately, Pauly Shore wasn't there, though.
Or you know what?
Those pencils that they make, you fill out the forms or pens or whatever the fuck that
they have, use one of those.
Just fucking turn that shit around or, I don't know, pen cap or something.
Get creative.
All right, so that's pretty much all the games I really played this week, so some new stuff
thanks to the marketplace and some old stuff thanks to my lack of a stylus for the DS.
I played one more game this week, and it's kind of, we'll get into later on with some
other discussion, but I played Motorstorm again, and apparently there's a code out there
now that unlocks everything, so I did that thinking, hey, you know, it's been a while
since I played this.
I was frustrated with how hard the game was, you know, certain races, your bike or whatever,
the physics were really bugging me.
I don't like Motorstorm anymore.
I think it's actually really boring, and you know, before it was pretty good, but now it's
just kind of dumb.
I seem to recall this is the second week in a row you've changed your mind on a game.
Have you gotten finicky in your older age?
I don't know, but you know, I know later on, well, last week we talked about the 88 system
or whatever that they were releasing for the PlayStation 3 with Motorstorm bundled in.
You know, I would rather it be Resistance, I think.
You know, just Motorstorm, it's a cool game.
Like when the demo was out and stuff, everyone was like, oh, I got to get the game, but then
you play it, and it's just the layout's not very good, and the races are kind of, eh,
I don't know.
All right.
Well, like Loki said, we'll get to plenty of Sony talk a little later in the show, actually
probably in part B tonight, because we are going to tackle the avalanche of news that
came out of E3.
Now, we know you guys probably already read a ton about E3.
You know, you guys that subscribe to the show are obviously video gaming fans, so you might
know a lot already about what we're going to talk about tonight.
We hope we picked up some stuff that maybe didn't blip on your radar, but tonight is
really about kind of the feedback from the outside looking in, because think about it.
Everything you've read on the internet to date is people that were there, people that
were, you know, getting to, you know, the breakfasts provided by the staff and the shuttles
going from hotel to hotel and everything.
You know, we're kind of trying to look at, okay, so how does everybody else feel that
wasn't there at E3, because, you know, we're the ones that are really going to be buying
all this stuff that they were selling.
You know, this is going to be kind of weird, you know, but overall in general, the layout
and the way that they did E3 this year, I actually like it more than I did the original
E3.
And the reason being is because it's a lot easier to digest.
Instead of having to, you know, make your way through all the booths, set up all these
appointments, you know, to meet with these publishers or whatever and see their games
and stuff.
Now it's just, okay, go to press conference to press conference.
It's just like a gamer's day and it makes it a lot easier, I think, and then you get
your hands on time afterwards.
I like that.
Can I share a rumor I heard with you from Bobby's show this week?
Because Bobby apparently talked to someone and he won't say who it is, which of course
when you hear this you'll completely understand why.
But Bobby Blackwolf, our old buddy over at AllGames.com, gets complete credit for this
story because I'm stealing it from him.
So listen to his show, Bobby Blackwolf's show and all that stuff.
So here's what he said on his show this week is that apparently he was talking to somebody
and the reason why they had to keep E3 in LA this year was because of contracts.
They had already signed a contract with the city to have this convention and it's all
basically based on the number of hotel nights they guarantee that the city's going to get
from it.
It's kind of about the kickback or the revenue, thank you, for the city that they're going
to get from this.
Well, the thing is this is why they're going to have E4ALL is because they moved E3 to
Santa Monica, which is still in LA County, and made it a smaller event.
But E4ALL was supposed to pick up consumers now and bring in revenue from that.
So they were still going to meet their numbers that they originally signed off to.
But according to Bobby in a show this week, E4ALL I should say is not living up to expectations
as far as the pre-sales are concerned and not a lot of companies are really interested
in going at this point.
Nintendo's really the only one that's on board, Microsoft don't give a shit.
So there is a strong chance that they may opt to take the fine and just cancel E4ALL.
There's a very strong chance that E4ALL is just going to get axed in favor of just paying
a fine and saying cut our losses.
But that would mean E3, if it continues next year, which may not happen, the ESA may just
back out of the show biz altogether.
If the ESA backs out of this, then either the ESA is going to back out or E3 is going
to move to another city.
And, of course, we've heard rumors that they get the possibility...
San Francisco!
San Francisco!
I would be expensive!
San Francisco!
San Francisco is freaking expensive!
I don't care!
Sacramento!
Damn cheap!
Where they had an LA.
Yeah, that's true.
San Francisco is probably just as expensive as LA and worse traffic.
Sacramento!
It's dirt cheap!
Good luck!
Come on!
You can come out here and burn to death.
Good luck.
I know, it's like 106 degrees this whole week.
This is really a minor summer in comparison.
But Sacramento!
Then I can go!
San Jose!
That's a good idea!
That's a good idea!
San Jose!
I'd go to Vegas!
Come on!
You guys afraid of planes?
San Jose or Santa Clara would be pretty good too.
Middle Silicon Valley?
Yeah.
No, we'll see.
Anyway, I hope E4ALL didn't get canceled.
I was kind of looking forward to going, but then again, if there's not going to be much
support, maybe I shouldn't be so excited.
I don't know.
It'll be interesting to see what happens over the next few days and what the fallout is.
Floridien says, what about PAX?
Pinning Arcade Expo, of course.
A lot of folks see PAX as one of those expos that's stepping up to fill in the void left
by the old E3.
Banda in chat,.orangelandtrader.com says, fuck E3!
I can't wait for X07-08!
All right, anyway, I just wanted to share that little tidbit rumor thing with you guys.
Other housekeeping tonight?
Oh, yes.
One thing is that I think that I'm going to adopt DarkTetsu's nickname for Kazurai and
call him Captain Crayola.
Captain Crayola?
Yes.
All right.
Anyway, let's get into some housekeeping for today.
First thing I want to say is a big thank you to the folks at SacAnime for having us at
their show at the last minute.
We did tape a special show there.
It's not going to go into our regular RSS feed, though.
We recorded about a 45-minute thing Saturday morning, pretty early, and we're going to
be putting that on our live journal and MySpace and I guess Facebook communities.
Basically any Orange Lawns Radio community will post the link to the MP3, but because
of the fact that we also talk about E3 and that, and even though it's a little more,
I don't know how to phrase it, it's going to be a little more lax than even what you're
going to hear tonight, because of kind of the duplicate news there, we're not going
to post the same show to the feed, so it's out there, but it was kind of our initial
reactions to a lot of the E3 news, and there were some funny jokes that came out of it,
so if you're a fan of OLR, definitely check out the bonus show this week.
And I think that's about all I wanted to say for housekeeping, so let's kick it off.
Let's start.
First press conference at E3 this week was Microsoft, so let's start with some Microsoft
news.
So Microsoft, they had a lot of bombs to drop, of course, and this is a huge surprise because
they did this with Halo 2, but they announced that a special 360 console, Halo themed, will
be hitting the market in September.
No word on the price yet.
Some interesting things about it though is it will be, of course, the camo green.
It's going to have a controller and a plain charge kit, also that camo green, I guess
they call it Spartan green.
It's going to have a 20 gig hard drive, just like a premium system, but it's going to have
HDMI just like an Elite, so the question is, how much is it going to cost?
And the answer for Microsoft, we're not telling you yet, but soon.
But the answer is $30 more than what it should cost because of the Halo propaganda that will
be splattered all over this thing, right?
Am I right?
I guess.
But I mean, this only joins, you know, what, their two custom controllers that they have
right now with Todd McFarlane art and collectible figurines, you know, a wireless headset, and
also their points cards, I believe, their three month cards are now Halo themed.
It's just, it's overload is what it is.
But hey!
People will buy it.
Halo 3 Saturation, GS191 in chat says, that's one ugly Xbox 360.
I agree, it was ugly.
Okay, I don't think it was that ugly, it's not that bad, but here's the thing though.
If you're really looking to buy an Elite or something because of the HDMI, but you don't
really want to spend the $479, this might be a cheaper alternative for you.
But is HDMI that big a difference?
Didn't we talk before?
It's really not.
It's not that big a difference, but there are some people out there that have video
files that really want the HDMI stuff, so.
Oh my God!
If you're going to pay that much money just to have that itty bitty, itty bitty bitty
difference between, you know, the normal composite out and the HDMI, I mean seriously, question
your priorities.
Donate the money to OLR, we'll make good use out of the money.
Maybe it can send us to Vegas for next year's E3, I don't know.
Well here's the thing, I would just wait and see because later on they're going to be dropping
the price of the 360 anyways, and you know, I want to bet that maybe they're going to
add HDMI to all of the Xbox 360s at some point, because I believe the Elite is only a limited
time thing anyways.
Alright, well for the record, I actually have a Halo 2 Xbox 360, or a Halo, or I'm sorry,
a Halo Xbox minus the 360, and they're pretty.
They're green and you can see through them.
They're green and see-through, and you know, compared to...
When our first Xbox died, that's what we got.
Compared to, like the first Xbox was ugly, so the Halo one was kind of cool, but this
grey one doesn't do it for me, I have to say.
It's not grey, it's green.
Whatever.
Grey green.
It looks like the color of sadness, I don't know.
It's translucent.
It looks like violence.
Alright, whatever.
And violence sells.
Alright, I'm not buying this 360.
I don't need HDMI that badly.
I already have an Elite anyway, so I don't care, and if I want my HDMI, I'll just play
my PS3.
Anyway, though speaking of HD, this is kind of cool.
Disney is actually going to have their movies available in high definition through the download
service on the Xbox Live Marketplace.
That's pretty cool, which I actually think is kind of funny given that they've been pretty
Blu-ray oriented, but hey.
I thought that was kind of interesting too for that exact same reason, is that Disney's
been kind of Blu-ray oriented, but now here they go with the Xbox service, where Xbox
has kind of been with HD DVD, but I guess it's really apples to oranges.
You can't really compare the two.
Yeah, but I think Disney's both, actually.
They do both Blu-ray and HD DVD.
No, they're exclusive to Blu-ray.
There's a few that do both.
However, I think this is their way of getting out of the exclusive thing, is by having their
movies available for download, they can have it available to both formats and still say
exclusive Blu-ray.
You know what?
And the other thing too is, okay, they sell another rental of their movie.
It's pure profit for them.
It's just a digital file that someone downloads.
They don't even have to make anything for it, so I don't see why it's win-win for them.
So when you hear Disney put their movies on Xbox 360, my mind automatically goes to the
animated classics, and I go, ooh, I can go download The Little Mermaid on my 360, but
it's not quite like that, right?
Actually, there are some of the stuff on there, Tarzan, The Hunchback of Notre Dame, Treasure
Planet.
It was a crap movie anyway.
Well, this is just their initial offering.
Tarzan was okay.
When they put Tron on there, though, let me know.
But having Rosie O'Donnell as a gorilla was pretty funny.
Though, if they did Tron HD, ha.
Heck, ooh, maybe they will in time because we know we're getting the games on Xbox Live
Marketplace, so maybe, maybe.
Anyway, but I just want to say it's a lot of Disney's subsidiaries as well, like Miramax
and Touchtone are putting their movies out too.
Clerks, please.
Clerks animated series, please.
All right, anyhow, also what you will be able to download soon on Xbox Live Arcade are a
lot of new Xbox Live Arcade games.
They showed this little trailer at E3 that showed a whole lot of new Xbox Live Arcade
games, including the stuff that you can now download right away, Son of the Hedgehog and
Golden Axe.
But here's some new stuff that's coming out.
Next week is Bomberman Live, they've already announced that.
Undertow, Hexic 2, which is, am I, is that the, that was the sequel to Hexen, right?
That's the sequel to Hexic.
Oh, never owned a puzzle game.
Hexen was the secret to Heretic.
Ah, crap, never mind, okay.
Hexen, you can turn people into chickens.
Damn it.
That was great.
Because I, when I first saw that, I was like, oh, because I thought it was like the sequel
to the Doom game, but I'm just stupid.
Okay, then we have Warworld, Sensible World of Soccer, Every Extend Extra Extreme, Gion,
Wing Commander Arena, Feeding Frenzy 2, Track and Field, Spyglass Board Games, Space Giraffe,
Battle Fighter 2, HD Turbo Remix, et cetera, et cetera, blah, blah, blah, Marathon, Poker
Smash, Switch Ball, Tetris Splash, Puzzle Quest.
Oh, that's a lot.
Switch Ball is supposed to be just like Marble Madness, apparently.
And that doesn't mention the Battlestar Galactica game either, which, per Kotaku, sucks.
So that's kind of sad, if the Battlestar Galactica game sucks, because I was really looking forward
to that.
Wing Commander game sucks too, from what I hear.
So stop making Space Combat Arena games.
Sadness.
What they should be making is more space RPGs, like Mass Effect, which is coming in November,
and is supposed to be the, you know, I guess the cat's meow or whatever you would say.
It's going to be fucking awesome, is basically it, and it should be, you know, it's BioWare.
Also coming in September will be Project Gotham Racing 4, which in itself is also pretty impressive.
I don't know, Project Gotham Racing 3 was pretty cool.
I don't know if I'll get 4, though.
I can't control the cars in that.
I suck at those type of games.
I keep crashing into walls.
Yeah.
I don't know how to drive.
Yeah, I get all woman when I play those games.
I can't drive.
Die.
But Mass Effect.
I looked at the trailer for Mass Effect.
I think I got a semi.
That was a real hot trailer.
That game looks awesome.
Now, when you saw Mass Effect, didn't you, now, for like half a second I thought, you
know, Phantasy Star Online could have been this good if they had actually tried, you
know?
This is like what Phantasy Star Online should have been, but instead Phantasy Star Online
gave us, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah.
Sorry, please listen to the theme of Phantasy Star Online if you don't get my joke, or Phantasy
Star Universe, whatever the hell it is.
But no, Mass Effect looks great.
It looks like V, or some type of epic mini-series movie that's coming soon to the sci-fi network,
but in HD.
It's going to be pretty epic, too.
This is only the first of the trilogy, I believe, for it.
So it will be a pretty long story, and hell, just make a movie out of it.
I mean, it looks like a movie already, so.
I heard that the conversation style in it is really cool, like you use the thumbsticks
to talk live, like you basically have to choose an option while the other person is kind of
talking or whatever, and then that can have an effect on the conversation, so that sounds
kind of neat.
I say they take the Mass Effect engine and give us another Space Quest.
I guess anything is possible.
Who knows what might happen?
Well, there's actually a good thing that's going to happen for our friends overseas.
In Europe, the Xbox 360 Elite will be out on the 24th of August, which actually was
released, the information was released at E3, of course.
There's not a price listed, speculation is that it will be close to what it costs over
here in the US.
So congratulations to Europe, even though you have to wait for things a little later,
at least you're finally getting your Xbox 360 Elite.
If you want it.
If you want it, yeah, if you care.
And if you can find it, because I know the ones over here are practically sold out everywhere
because...
Make friends with people who work at video game shops.
I guess producing that larger hard drive is a real challenge out there, you know, slapping
that laptop drive into a little case.
Oui.
Well, one thing you might play on your new Xbox 360 Elite is Seen It.
Of course, this is a big announcement that Microsoft made at their press conference this
year is that they're going to be putting out a casual game called Seen It.
Now, you might have heard of Seen It before.
It's a really popular DVD board game.
I don't know if they have this outside of the US, if they have this in other countries.
Basically it's a board game and you play it with a DVD.
I've played this before.
You watch like little clips from movies and you're supposed to answer trivia questions
based off the clips that you see from the movies.
And it works together with the board.
It would actually make a really great downloadable game, I think, and it's a pretty good casual
game.
But is it enough to suddenly turn the Xbox 360 into a casual gaming system?
I don't know.
But I guess it's a start.
Like Uno didn't?
Well, I guess Uno was another attempt.
But what have we really had since Uno?
It's like pure casual.
Maybe the solitaire game.
I don't know.
Texas Hold'em?
But nothing's really caught on like Uno has.
Well, maybe Hold'em.
I guess I'll give you that.
I think if you really want to reach the casual gaming audience, make your system a lot cheaper
and then they will come because of the price cuts because it will look more attractive.
There you go.
There's a new controller, by the way, that will come with CNET, and it's a controller
so simple that even your grandma can use it.
It's one giant button and four little buttons to use for the answers.
And apparently the game is going to come with four of these controllers, which is kind of
interesting.
And the funny thing, too, is it's ripped off of the controller from the Buzz game series,
which looks almost identical to that one.
Some other things coming out from, of course, the Microsoft press conference.
A few more game announcements.
They announced Viva Pinata Party Animals because the first game was just so awesome that they
had to release a party game for it, and apparently it's going to combine both racing and mini
games, kind of similar to like a Mario Kart meets Mario Party, and that's due out in November.
Also they announced some other stuff.
Some more games will be joining the Games for Windows lineup.
Gears of War and Viva Pinata.
Gears of War is actually supposed to have some additional content for it as well, which
I imagine would be probably downloadable here on the Xbox 360 probably around the same time.
And other things, Call of Duty 4, they announced that they're going to be doing an exclusive
online beta with Xbox 360.
No details on what's going to be involved with that since they haven't launched these
sign ups yet, but hopefully know more about that soon since the game does come out in
November.
Another thing, which kind of joining the whole multiple colored accessories trend here, they're
going to be releasing pink and blue controllers in October.
I don't know why, but they are.
Also the Xbox Messenger is going to be coming in September, that thing that's going to attach
to the bottom for text messaging for Windows Messenger.
And then if you didn't have a chance to go to E3, there's some pretty cool stuff on Xbox
Live Marketplace for you, some new demos including Blue Dragon, Ace Combat 6, NCAA Football 08,
Stuntman Ignition, The Bigs, and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
So let's go around and talk about Microsoft's Preface Conference and sort of your guys'
reaction to it.
And I'll pose this question to Chad as well, we'll read some of your comments.
Were you happy with Microsoft's conference?
Was there more you were looking for?
And if you could, I don't know, I'll throw this totally arbitrary thing out there.
If you could rate the press conference on a scale of 1 to 10, what would you give it?
So I'm going to say this right off the bat, and I think this goes for all of us.
Where was the anticipated price cut?
Do you think Microsoft's kind of waiting to make a response to this?
It was indisposed.
They were on record commenting saying that to announce a price cut in July is really
bad timing.
They didn't understand why Sony made that announcement, if you can call it an announcement.
They said that they hinted that they will be making an announcement closer to the fall.
Well I think we might have more on that later in the show, so we'll see.
Anyway, Loki, did you like it, did you not like the conference, what would you say?
I would say that they set an example of what their conferences should be like.
It's basically, they said here, all the games we're going to show you are going to be coming
out this year.
That's how you fucking do it.
You say here's our lineup for this fall, get excited, it's going to be out in a few months.
As opposed to certain other companies that said here's what's coming out, I forgot to
mention that most of that is going to be next year, late next year, if not later, stuff
like that.
I forgot that they really hit the nail on the head with that stuff, and there's not
really much more I could want from it.
It was a little bit disappointing that certain games were announced also coming through their
platform, but they're going to have a really solid lineup.
Certain other publishers and hardware makers are going to have a hard time catching up
if something magical doesn't happen in the fourth quarter.
So I would say probably give them an eight or nine.
All right.
Dark Sakura, care to give your two cents on what happened?
Well, given that you two covered most of my same thought on it, really, I don't know,
I'm still in, I actually, I think that they are going to do the, I think actually I agree
that it was smart for them not to announce a price drop, that if they put something like
that more out public around Christmas or right after Thanksgiving for the Christmas rush,
then that will, I think, be more of a reason for consumers to go out and get one then.
I don't think there's a need that they'd be, they don't need to really announce a
price cut right now anyways because they're going into a really strong fourth quarter.
It's not like that their system's not number one selling right now in the United States.
They don't really need any extra momentum right now.
They need to see what the fourth quarter's like and then right at the prime moment, boom,
and then just hit the Christmas rush right there.
I think that's what they're going to end up doing.
Okay, well I guess my thoughts on it, I don't know, like I kind of would like to know what's
going to be the big thing that I should be excited about after Halo 3.
Like I was kind of hoping there might be a little hint of what's to come in 2008.
I mean I guess I understand the strategy of putting all the cards in, what?
They did.
They talked about Halo Wars, they were talking about Lost Odyssey, Mass Effect.
Mass Effect is this year.
I know, but it's after Halo 3.
Grand Theft Auto 4, beautiful Katamari, I mean there's a big lineup that's not just
Halo 3.
There was nothing that had me running around screaming and excited.
You know, like in years past, there's usually somebody that releases something that makes
me go, ooh, that was really cool.
But Microsoft's conference for me was just kind of like, yeah, I kind of saw that coming.
Yeah, I kind of saw that coming.
Yeah, I figured they'd show that.
It was all stuff that was previously announced, and the stuff that they, this is the first
time we're announcing, Viva Piñata party, and I was like, I don't fucking care.
I mean the scene thing is a good effort, I suppose, but it's not enough to make you go,
wow, you're really going to win with that.
I was like, ooh, it's neat because I'm in the movie industry, so that's kind of neat.
That'd be kind of fun to play at work.
I wasn't thinking, ooh, I've got to go get me one of those.
No, I don't think so.
I would maybe rate the conference like a six and a half.
I don't know.
It's better than middle of the road, but not by much.
There was nothing that made me go, hooray, or maybe give me a gamer fang as it was mostly,
okay, I figured that was coming.
I figured that was coming.
I figured that was coming.
That's just me, personally.
Let's go to chat.
Let's see what some chat folks thought there.
Lots of you guys here in chat commenting on it.
DJ Tyrant says, Microsoft's conference should have addressed the rings of death issue much
much more.
No.
What do they need?
Here's the other thing.
Why would they bring attention to that?
Why would they even need to address that?
They've already addressed that.
I'm just reading someone else's thoughts.
Well, I'm answering to that.
We're expanding.
Listen, I'm expanding on this, okay, and I'm tired of people complaining about it, and
no, I'm not a fucking Microsoft fanboy, but here's the thing.
They're dealing with the problem.
Your consoles now have a three year warranty on them from the announcement date.
They're going to fix any of them for free, and they've already fixed the problem and
new consoles being manufactured right now, so what part of it are they not doing anything
about?
That's what I want to know.
There's no reason to even mention that stuff because, okay, and actually Peter Moore did
announce, okay, yeah, we made a mistake, but we're taking care of it.
All right.
Enough said.
SSJ100Matt says, Microsoft's conference was basically the status quo.
Not that many surprises.
B in my mind.
I would think the status quo would be a C. No, that's all right.
In the gaming industry, we always inflate scores a little bit, right?
Let's see.
DDRDollarBill says, I wish achievement points meant something.
Whatever happened to the whole- You win a no prize.
What happened to the whole thing?
Remember they had the old spice inflate your gamer score challenge, and you could win actual
... Whatever happened to that?
It just kind of disappeared.
I agree.
They need a little boost there, but- That could have been something that they could
have talked about that might have gotten me a little more excited.
I don't know.
TheRobD says, I got to agree with Loki on Microsoft's press conference.
This is a good example of how they should do a press conference.
I just wish they would have announced some worthwhile stuff.
DJDarknight says, Call of Duty 4 totally won me over.
And ShadowNextGen disagrees with Rob D and says, I thought Microsoft announced a great
lineup.
Did they show Fable 2 at the conference?
Yeah, it was at the conference briefly.
Briefly, but not a whole lot.
It's not coming for a while.
Now that's a game I'm getting a little more excited about the more I hear about it, but
they didn't say a lot.
What I was reading about it was coming from stuff outside the conference, like behind
closed doors type stuff.
Anyway, so there you go.
There's a wrap up on Microsoft.
Now before we get into some of the other companies, I want to ask real quick, because we didn't
really cover it in the gaming week, but we did talk about how we were at SacAnime, and
I wanted to ask Dark Soccer how the rest of the convention went.
If you met any listeners of the program, or what kind of stuff was there game wise, or
what you did?
I walked in with my doll feed this morning, and got attacked by doll feed people.
So hi everybody that I met at the convention who was into doll feeds, and my poor doll
got petted quite a bit, and that was really it, and then I bought a dollick.
I spent most of the time in the dealer's room, but I'd have to say that I didn't watch any
anime, I didn't really meet anybody except for Warrior Bob, and Andrew was there, and
I bought a dollick, and I bought a heartless plushie.
Because isn't that what conventions are about, buying crap just because you want it?
I bought a Starman keychain for Mario, and a boo, and a coin box and a fire flower.
Not a bad sized convention for this town, considering we just had a big one in the Bay
Area.
It would be better than the Japantown Anime Fair, actually.
The only good thing about the Japantown Anime Fair is that they had better cosplay.
There was good cosplay, don't get me wrong, Sac Anime is going to grow.
It's going to be bigger, we're going to have a real, real big convention.
Everybody was great, the staff was fantastic.
Honestly I was very ill-prepared for it, given that I've just come off anime, so I almost
cosplayed the doctor, Shadow Next Gen. I wish I had thought about the free donuts
and orange juice earlier so we could have promoted that and maybe got a few more people
in there.
You know, we had a bad time.
That's my only complaint, is that we had a bad time for the panel.
Had we had later, it would have been just fine.
But I kind of see this as, you know, you put in your year of good faith, doing it and showing
up on time and everything, and then maybe in January, because this is a twice-yearly
con, maybe in January we'll get something a little better, because they'll remember
us, you know, that we were good troopers and got up early at the crack of dawn this year.
So who knows.
Yeah, we're not doing that next year.
Yeah, that kind of ruined my sabbath.
Yeah, these guys are suckers, they'll fill in that one time slot no one wants again.
Nope.
It was good though.
Next year, primetime.
Wow, you guys are turning into divas.
No, we want to seriously say that, thanks for having us.
I love A-1 Comics now, even though they're local, because I got my Dalek for a lot less
expensive than eBay had it.
It's probably the same one I saw in their store that I called to tell you about.
It is.
Oh, how funny.
All right.
Anyhow, speaking of which, you know, I'll kind of put that call out there again.
If you are planning a convention, you know, somewhere on the West Coast within a reasonable
travel distance, or you want to go real crazy and fly us out, I mean, no, we won't not hear
any reasonable requests, but especially at Bay Area, Central Valley conventions, or even
Southern California, we'll, you know, consider anything, and we like to get out there and
promote our show.
That's how we do it.
So get in touch with us.
Get in touch with us at OrangeLaunchRadio.com.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on.
Before we get into Nintendo's conference, let's talk release dates real quick, because
we like to cover what's going to be coming out in the gaming world with our release dates.
Jamie, why don't you start us off?
Well, for our friends in the UK, we have a few things coming out within this week.
On the 18th, we have Bomberman Live for Xbox 360, and the 20th, we have The Darkness, Transformers
the Game, and Two Worlds for Xbox 360 and PC.
That's it.
Kind of a slow week for release dates, just because everything, you know, it's going on,
but...
Everyone's still, you know, crapping their pants over E3.
Well, over in Japan, they have some stuff to look forward to.
I love the cover art for this game on the Wii.
Momotaru Densetsu 16 is coming out on July 19th over in Japan.
It looks like a little train conductor game, like maybe like an A-train type thing, or
Sim City, one of those, like, simulation games.
That looks cute.
Coming out on the PlayStation 2, Shonen Oyouji Tsubasa Yoima Teni Kare is coming out on July
19th, 2007.
Looks like a little adventure game, probably based off yet another anime.
You know, this series, Ultraman Fighting Evolution 3, is coming out on the PlayStation 2, also
on July 19th, although I believe that is simply a price reduction, not just a brand new game.
But hey, it's Ultraman.
I had to mention it.
Cinnamon Ball, Kurukuru Sweets Paradise.
That's awesome.
I have two pillows for that.
That's exactly what it is.
It's Cinema Roll from the Hello Kitty series, and Sanrio makes its way to his brand new
DS game that's coming out July 19th.
It's an action game featuring Cinema Roll.
I must admit, out of all the Sanrio characters, Cinema Roll is the most comfortable to lay
on.
I had a Batsumaru pillow once.
I love Batsumaru.
It's my favorite.
This is my friend in Texas.
And since we just talked about an anime convention, of course we have to mention that there is
yet another Naruto game coming out.
Saikyo Ninja Daikyu 5 is coming out on the DS July 19th as well.
Another Naruto game, bet you can't wait, all of you.
I can wait and keep waiting, thank you.
Now this is one, you don't have to be a fan of Japanese games to know this game.
Bomberman, Touch Bomberman Land Star Bomber No Miracle World coming out from Hudson July
19th on the DS in Japan.
That's all I'll be mentioning this week for release dates, so let's go to the US.
The US is going to be getting ready for some football because NCAA Football 08 is going
to be coming out this week on Playstation 2, Xbox, Playstation 3, and the 360.
And then of course, if you're not a fan of college football, then maybe you want to check
out the new All Pro Football 2K8, which is coming out on both Xbox 360 and Playstation
3 this week.
If you're not a fan of football at all, maybe you're a fan of some other sports games, including
Hot Shots Tennis on Playstation 2 and Rugby 08 on Playstation 2, both coming out this
week.
Or, let's see, on the PSP, Smash Court Tennis 3 is making its way out.
Tales of the World Radiant Mythology on the PSP, and then there's a small little game
called Parappa the Rapper on the PSP is finally making its way out, which will be pretty cool.
And then of course, on the Wii, you have Absolutely Nothing, and then on the DS, Absolutely Nothing
as well.
I was wrong, in the US, this isn't a slow game week, because you named a lot of big
sports titles there, especially with Madden.
Well, not Madden.
No small change.
Oh, I'm sorry.
NCAA Football 08.
Isn't Madden out very soon?
Like this month?
August.
Oh, it's August.
Yeah.
Never mind.
Well, still, a lot of sports titles there.
Your next two Wii titles aren't exactly something to run home about, but Alien Syndrome on the
Wii, Escape from Bug Island, which both come out next week, or the week after next, I
guess the 24th, and then Mario Strikers Charge is going to be the week after.
Dude, the old school Alien Syndrome arcade game was badass.
I used to love that game, but I'm sure this Wii version is nothing like it.
It looks okay.
It looks like Smash Brothers.
Or not Smash Brothers, Smash TV.
Can I use the Wii Remote as a flamethrower?
Because I remember Alien Syndrome had a flamethrower.
That might be kind of neat.
I think, well, sort of.
I think what it is, is that you use the nunchucks analog stick to move around, and then you
use the pointer to, or the remote to point where you're aiming.
By the way, speaking of Naruto, bringing up the game during the Japanese release dates
reminded me, did anybody catch the Xbox 360 try to, like at Microsoft's conference, they
tried to make a big deal out of how they had this exclusive Naruto game coming to the 360?
Oh, goody.
When it's been on damn near everything else?
Which was met with a resounding meh.
No, this one hasn't been on every other system, however, it's not the only Naruto game coming
out this year.
In fact, there's another one on the Wii, there's two on the, I think two already, one already
that's come out, one more that's coming out on PlayStation 2.
Another one on the PSP, and I think a few more on the DS.
So yeah, if you don't have the Xbox 360, man, how are you going to play some Naruto games?
That's what I want to know.
The Rob D. in chat says, the Naruto game on 360 is exclusive and it looks damn good.
It does.
And it's not a fighting game, I think.
All right, well fair enough, we can give it a chance, we're just teasing a little bit
on the Naruto stuff.
All right, let's check out Nintendo's press conference, we'll go over and get some stories
from Nintendo's press conference.
We have a date for Super Smash Brothers Brawl, it will be December 3rd, about damn time.
I wish it was tomorrow, but I can wait for Pit, I'm a good girl.
It's worth the wait if it's going to be good, like really good, and it does look like it's
going to be really good.
I know they've showed a stage, I think this was in the last week or two, they showed a
stage from Animal Crossing, an Animal Crossing inspired stage, and that looked awesome.
But did you hear about if you play it at 8 p.m. on Saturday, because the stages will
change depending on the time of day that you play.
Oh no, I know it's coming.
You play at 8 p.m. on Saturday, you know.
K.K. comes out and sings.
That is great.
He should be a selectable character, but only at 8 o'clock.
Did you see the other thing?
These are those types of little details that are going to make Smash Brothers Brawl like
single-handedly the reason to own a Wii, if nothing else.
Well, did you see the other weird character that they announced this week, Dr. Wright
from the SimCity game is actually going to be coming to Smash Brothers as a playable
character, and you can summon him.
Oh no, he's not playable, he's one of those little assist guys you get.
I thought he was playable.
You know, the impression I got was like, you know how in the last Brawl game you had the
Pokeballs and it was all the Pokemon that would come to help?
Well now it's assist, and various characters will come and help you.
Like the Nintendog will paw at the screen, and Dr. Wright makes the skyscrapers that
go boom.
Oh well, whatever.
But nevertheless, it's kind of neat.
What a random little tidbit, right?
I guess.
Yeah, it's just J-100 Man, he's an assist trophy, okay.
Well I thought that he would have been a weird character.
I was surprised, you know, that was another thing I was surprised, we didn't hear anymore
of like, hey Mega Man's going to be in the game, or hey, you know, Sonic's going to be
in the game.
Although I'm pretty much guaranteeing right now that Sonic's going to be in the game since
they're making a Mario and Sonic game, so obviously they're going to...
That's what a lot of fans think, we'll see.
Well Nintendo also announced at the conference that there is going to be a Wii Mario Kart,
to no one's real big surprise.
I mean we kind of speculated that of course there would be a new Mario Kart game coming
to the Wii, but there were some surprises, and one of them was that it will be online.
Thank you Nintendo for hearing our prayers and giving some more...
For that game at least.
Yeah, at least for that game, maybe if, you know, they could have done it for some other
stuff too, but that's okay, at least they're starting to move in the right direction.
I mean Mario Kart was one of the first online games on the DS, so I suppose tradition can
continue.
But then they're also going to be bringing out a Wii Wheel, which will be a peripheral
that you can use with Mario Kart on the Wii, and of course obviously...
Oh Wii!
A little Wii Wheel that you plug your Wii Mode into and you can actually turn it like
it's a regular steering wheel.
Wii!
And Loki, I know you mentioned on Saturday at the convention, they already have this
type of peripheral out there, and...
This has been out since launch, they've got two really shitty ass Ubisoft games called
Monster 4x4 World Circuit and GT.
And let me tell you, it comes with a crappy wheel just like this, basically you snap the
controller in, it serves no purpose other than, oh I can't imagine that the remote's
a wheel so I need an actual wheel in front of me to turn it!
So then you play the game with that, okay granted, okay I'll give them this, it is free,
but it's a gimmick to sell the game, just like it was a gimmick to sell those two other
games.
And I'm going to tell you this much, I will not play it with the damn wheel, and thank
God they're going to have multiple control options because I fucking hate games with
the Wii that require you to have the Wii remote sideways to steer it.
I like Excite Truck where you have it, you know, flat, and then you steer it that way.
That's fine.
Blaze in our chat asked, does Excite Truck come with a wheel?
It actually does not.
It does not.
But some people use the other wheel adapter for it.
You can't.
You can't use the other wheel adapter for it.
It won't work because the actual controller needs to be held parallel to the ground, and
then you steer it that way, whereas the Ubisoft games you have to hold the controller perpendicular
to the ground, and then turn it that way.
So it's a completely different axis that you would turn it on.
Now Act Def says the Ubisoft wheel is crappy, the Wii wheel looks like it's better designed,
so I mean it is a Nintendo first party product.
Okay, great, it's a better designed piece of crap to get the Sigma controller in.
Here's the thing I have a problem with, and we'll get into some more of this stuff with
our next story.
I'm having a problem with them releasing stuff, I thought, okay, the whole point of having
the expansion port in the bottom of the Wii remote is that we would be getting new peripherals
that will plug into the bottom, other than the nunchuck, okay?
Which I will go into this next story here with the Zapper.
Wait, can I say, wait, real quick, before we get to the Zapper, can I say one other
thing about Mario Kart?
You couldn't see a whole lot of the actual game itself, but I did notice in the brief
little bits that they showed of Mario Kart on the Wii, there's only one person in the
car.
Thank God.
Mario Kart isn't a sequel to Double Dash, so I will give Nintendo another few points
there.
Okay, now you can move on.
The other thing they announced was the Wii Zapper.
Now I remember looking at this E3 originally last year when they had a prototype, and that
prototype looked pretty awesome, because it was actually something that the Wii controller
would plug into, and it's a whole new peripheral, how it should be.
However, this new Wii Zapper that they're going to be releasing is just a stupid holder
for the remote and the nunchuck, and I'm going to tell you what.
There were some third-party companies releasing something very similar called the Wii Sharpshooter
or the Wii Blaster or whatever, and I thought, my God, who's going to buy this stupid crap?
It looks like it's completely useless, and they went ahead and made the same useless
peripheral.
Knock it off.
Seriously.
I mean, this thing looks like crap.
The only thing that's going to be a selling point for is it's $19.99, and it will come
with a pack-in game, so great.
You get a game for $20 and this piece of crap with it, but seriously, they need just, instead
of releasing something that the remote straps into with the nunchuck, just release a new
goddamn thing that you plug the whole thing into.
That way, because apparently there's a trigger on the front, and this whole thing is very
awkward to hold anyways because it kind of looks like the Menacer, but not.
There's no actual dedicated button to the trigger.
It's just another button that pushes the B button on the bottom of the remote, which
I can tell you is not going to work very well.
They kind of looked at these other companies out there and said, oh, look, they're making
gimmicky crap and people are buying it.
Let's make some gimmicky crap.
We don't want to be left out of that, gravy train.
Don't you think this is one of those things that you should really try?
No, I can tell you right now, I like the other one because the trigger is in the back.
It was like a shotgun.
It would be comfortable.
It had a little analog stick above the top there, kind of like the new Gun Con, and that
would be comfortable to hold.
This thing looks like crap.
It's just probably because, I don't know about you guys, but right now I know nunchucks are
hard to come by.
Why I don't know that they can make them fast enough is beyond me, but obviously making
any additional peripherals that have actual working parts in there would be too much for
them.
Instead, molding plastic is a lot easier.
If you want to pay 20 bucks for a piece of molded plastic, go right ahead.
I guarantee you, playing these games without the Zapper will be fucking easier and a lot
better than playing it with the Zapper, and you will be sorry that you bought this product.
I don't know, Loki.
I know this isn't in our show world tonight, so I can say that there's YouTubage on the
internet of the new Silent Hill arcade game because it's being location tested in Europe
or something right now, so some bootlegs of the game hit the internet, and of course,
being a Silent Hill fanboy, the game looks fucking hot.
You get to fight Pyramid Head in it, and he tries to chop your face off.
It's amazing.
I want right now.
If they put that game out on the Wii, and I can use this little Wii Zapper thing to
play this game, I might have sex with everybody at Nintendo, because that would be phenomenal.
Because that kind of puts you in the game.
I can be raped by Pyramid Head.
It's awkward to play with this.
The trigger's on the goddamn front of the gun.
It doesn't make any sense.
Who the fuck has a gun with a trigger on the goddamn front of it?
Even the Super Scope 6 had the trigger in the back.
It's crap.
I mean, there's other third party peripherals out there.
If you want the B like a gun, I've seen one that the remote plugs into it, and it looks
like a pistol.
It has a pistol grip on it, and you just pull the trigger, and it's like pulling the B button.
Alright, now Black Wolf says you don't use the front trigger at all, and he was at E3.
Okay, the front trigger in the front.
Okay.
Why would you not use the trigger in the front?
What the hell is there a trigger there for then, if you don't use it for the game?
It's for pushing the goddamn B button.
I still say bring me Silent Hill, shoot him up to the Wii, I will buy the zapper, I will
hump the zapper, and I will be raped by Pyramid Head, and it would be good.
I put out this challenge for you.
When this shit comes out, and when these two fucking games, Resident Evil, Umbrella Chronicles,
and Ghost Squad come out, I would like to see a side-by-side challenge with someone
with the zapper, and without the zapper, and see who gets a better fucking score.
I bet you anything, money, I will bet fucking $50 that the goddamn person without the zapper
will wipe the floor with someone with the zapper.
That's why.
This thing is a piece of awkward shit, is what it is.
$50, I have $50 on this.
I will like to see this challenge.
We will perform this challenge in studio.
I don't know, Rob, are you up to it?
I'm not taking the bet, I'll just play the game, I don't care.
How about this, since I don't have $50, how about this, we'll make the bet.
The bet will be a date.
If the gun is indeed better, then I will take your wife out on a date, and take her off
your hands for a night so you can do nothing but play video games, alright?
But if the gun is better, then you will take me out on a date, deal, deal, that's it, deal.
Then the whole chat has heard it, so if the Wii remote is better, the games are better
without the zapper peripheral, then I will take Loki's wife out on a date, and she won't
be able to nag at Loki for a whole night, but if the gun is indeed better, Loki will
take me out on a date, and you better put out.
We have this on record.
I'm telling you, this thing looks like crap.
There's no way it's going to make it better.
There's no way at all.
WeDoInChat says, Rob offers himself again, what a skank.
My significant other might have problems with this, but that's alright.
BlackWolf says, I really don't want to interject facts into a Loki rant because it's too funny.
WeDo also says, Loki needs a hug, and Rob needs to stop being so skanky.
Frisbee says it's a 9.4 on the Loki scale, and SSJ100Matt says Loki's rant level was
at 9 out of 10.
That's great.
Alright, there we go.
The date bet over the zapper is on.
Fifty dollars for one night with your wife.
Indecent Nintendo.
Okay, anyway, let's move on.
News story, please.
And other releases in regards to Nintendo, for anyone who cares, Super Mario Galaxy will
be out on November 12th.
That's pretty awesome.
That game actually looks even better now that I've seen more screenshots and gameplay of
it.
I'm really looking forward to it.
Actually, I have to agree.
You know, I really, really loved Super Mario Water Sports.
Sorry.
Please tell me you mean Mario Sunshine.
Mario Sunshine, yes.
Thank you.
But I'm sorry, just the whole...
This actually looks very similar to Mario 64, almost like a sequel to Mario 64.
That's what I like.
I've even gone back and watched speedruns of Mario 64, you know, people using all the
glitches in the game to beat it with 17 stars and all that.
And I was like, dude, I need another Mario 64.
You know, if they could ROM hack GameCube games like they can the old school 8-bit Nintendo
games, I'm sure there would be a Super Mario Water Sports where they would just redo the
sprites so he whips it out and uses it as a gun.
It's freaky.
That was back on the Game Boy with the Link's adventure.
Anyhow, so I'm looking forward to Mario Galaxy as well, but I don't want to make a complete
opinion until I'm able to play it, but certainly the screenshots and videos look enticing.
This was Nintendo's big thing, for lack of a better term.
This was their big thing at the press conference, kind of the thing that nobody...
You have to admit, nobody called this.
Nobody knew this was coming.
Wii Fit was the game.
It's going to be a game that comes with what's called the Balance Board, and you can think
of it as kind of brain training for your body, which I'm sure the idea came from, is probably
borrowed from the brain training series.
But using the Balance Board, you can do push-ups, steps aerobics, this goalie defense type thing,
and dancing, and I guess it's taking the old school 8-bit game dance aerobics into a whole
new...
Remember with the Power Pad?
Take it into a whole new generation.
And this was met with a resounding meh from the gaming community, but there's something
about this that I think is going to make the Wii catch fire even more, because soccer moms
are going to continue to want to buy this for their kids, honestly.
I think it's fucking smart.
I think it looks cool.
This is something I actually kind of want to buy, because I need an excuse to work out,
apparently.
But here's the other thing, too, that a lot of people aren't looking at.
This is how they need to do the peripherals.
This is something new, something innovative.
You can imagine incorporating it into a snowboarding game, or a skateboarding game, or something
like that.
It's actually a kind of neat peripheral, if they use it in that sense.
Say the next SSX game that comes out, you can use this with a remote as some added immersion
into the game.
This plastic add-on shit is stupid, but this will be cool, though, I think.
I have to admit, when I first saw the press conference and everything, I was one of those
people that was kind of like, oh, that's it?
That was their big thing?
But the more I thought about it, I was like, you know, that is going to get the media talking
about the Wii all over again this Christmas, just like last year they talked about, oh,
Wii Tennis gets you up and moving.
It's going to get them on CNN all over again.
I am totally getting Wii Fit, because then I can do yoga and not have to go to class.
Honestly, it's a really freaking smart move, and I hate to come off sounding like a Nintendo
fanboy.
I mean, this is nothing that, you know, obviously I'm still very disappointed there was no real
news about online gaming or whatever, but honestly, in the direction the Wii has always
said they were going to go and that they've been going in, this is a logical next step
that's going to make this thing be popular all over again this Christmas.
I think it's going to be a smart move for them.
It's not coming out this year, though.
Oh, it's not?
No.
Oh, I thought it was this Christmas.
No, next year.
Well, damn them.
Really?
That long?
I mean, it looked like the game was pretty well into progress, and they're really going
to make us wait that long.
It's not coming out until 2008, yeah.
Now, I will say, though, however, that the announcement of Wii Fit did give us this year's
Giant Enemy Crab Award.
Yes, that would be the biggest flub that happened at an E3 press conference, and that would
be when Reggie stepped on the little scale, because it measures your body fat as well,
and had the Wii tell him he was overweight in front of thousands of people.
That's got to feel real good.
So congratulations to Reggie Fils-May, winner of the 2007 Giant Enemy Crab Award, yours
from Orange Launch Radio with love.
Some other interesting things, of course, they're showing off, or actually they kind
of went a little bit under the radar, but DK Bongo Blast is coming out in October.
This is the Bongo racing game that's coming out.
I guess, I think actually you can use the Bongos if you've got them, otherwise you can
just use the Wii Remote and Nunchuck and stuff, and it's going to be a racing game, which
looks like crap.
The other one is a brand new channel called the Check Me Out channel, and it's kind of
a combination of a Mii community as well as a Hot or Not thing.
You basically can search for different Miis, like say if you want, I use this example on
Saturday, if you're looking for a Chuck Norris Mii, you can browse through all the people's
Chuck Norris Miis and check out the one that you think most looks like Chuck Norris, and
then you can vote that one high or download it and stuff like that.
So that's kind of neat.
That's pretty much all the big stuff that they were announcing this year.
A lot of it was just kind of like, yeah, we've heard your cry for online gaming and stuff,
and we're doing what we want still.
Bobby Black Wolf had a really funny comment in chat that I think really sums things up
here.
It says, Nintendo's press conference summarized by Bobby Black Wolf.
This is how we've printed money in the past.
Here's a bone we're throwing to hardcore gamers, and here's how we will print money in the
future.
It's kind of a true statement in my mind.
All right, let's do the same thing we did for Microsoft.
Let's go around what you liked, what you didn't like, rate it.
You want to start us off, Dr. Sarca?
For Nintendo?
Yes.
I think that Wii Fit's redeemed the whole thing, so it gets a nine.
So you are really excited about Wii Fit that much?
Absolutely.
All right.
Loki?
I think that they lost some innovation points with the announcement of the Wii Wheel and
the Wii Zapper, because I was really looking forward to the Wii Zapper as something like
that we saw at E3 2006, and it was a real let down to see.
It's just this hunk of plastic crap that I got to throw Wii Remote and Nunchuck in, and
kind of, for me, just said, okay, look, they're embracing this gimmicky shit that people are
putting out, and I kind of thought they were a little bit better than that.
It was nice to see that they did announce some street dates for some games coming out.
Good, because there's some definite spaces in between some of these better games.
And I don't know, the Wii Fit thing's great, because they're looking for that whole health
fitness angle, but I was really disappointed.
There's not a lot of talk of online that really seemed to skimp that whole part of, was it
Super Smash, or, not Super Smash Brothers, but Metroid Prime, I know was not supposed
to be online, I guess, so.
Uh-huh.
All right.
And then I would rate it probably a six, actually.
This was one of those things, I was watching the live feeds of them, I actually turned
it off because I got bored.
For me, I am a hardcore gamer, and I think one of the disappointing things about Nintendo's
press conference is that I can probably count the number of games on one hand that I'm really
truly excited about that are coming to the Wii.
I mean, I'm not really excited about all that much, but granted the games that I am hyped
for, I'm really, really hyped for.
So I'm a little bit torn, because I want to give Nintendo props for sticking to their
guns and kind of continuing down this path that they promised they were going to do next
year in regards to the new generation of gaming versus the next generation of gaming.
So I give them props there, but I am still left with disappointment over the lack of
some type of centralized online system, just talks about more details on WiiWare, anything
that could compete with the behemoth of Xbox Live as far as online goes.
I don't know.
I still felt like there was a lot to be desired, but then again, that is for the hardcore gamer.
But they're going to win a million points with soccer moms, and they're going to continue
to do very well in the next year.
So I don't know.
I personally give them a six, but looking from it, if I wasn't so selfish, I would probably
give them more of an eight.
So that's that.
Let's look at chat and see what the chat says.
SSJ100Matt says, I'm giving it a C-D+.
They showed their true colors this year that they are careless about hardcore gamers.
ActDef says, Rob D., I think Microsoft was worse.
They didn't show anything new.
And that was to Rob D.'s comments that says, I give Nintendo six out of ten.
It was worse than the other two.
They're going in a different direction, but they announced Mario Kart.
Rob D. also says, Nintendo's press conference was extremely disappointing to me because
I think they're showing me that they might be leaving me behind a little bit.
Let's see.
Zappy asked, was that fitness game for Xbox any good?
If you're talking about your self-fitness, no it wasn't.
I actually had it.
Let's see.
WeDo says, Wii needs a soccer kicking game to win over the soccer moms.
Well, you know, they have the goalie thing in Wii Fit, so who knows.
DS191 says, I'll make a bold statement, Nintendo did nothing, I mean nothing, to convince me
to buy a Wii between now and Christmas.
And BlackWolf asks, do you have a source for Wii Fit not coming out in 2007, Loki, because
they did not confirm or deny that on the show floor.
I thought it was not on their list.
It was on their release list, I believe, for 2008, because it was supposed to be, God,
I don't remember.
I know it said not this year, though.
I know that for a fact.
All right.
Two more comments, then we'll move on.
David Tyrant says, I give them an 8 out of 10, they showed why they're in a great position
right now, they've got solid titles and a great lineup ahead of them with their regular
titles, Mario, Metroid, et cetera.
And Gerardimo says, just my opinion on Nintendo's online situation, are there really that many
games worth playing online right now?
Seriously, Mario Party or Big Brain Academy online, that wouldn't be much fun.
I don't know, I disagree.
I think Mario Party would actually be a lot of fun online.
I don't know, I think multiplayer is the only way to go and sometimes your house just can't
accommodate all those people.
But that's my opinion, and that's yours.
So chat.orangeontradio.com if you ever want to join us in the chat room, and of course
we do tape live on Sunday nights at orangeontradio.com on our Live 365 feed, which did not shut down
on July 15th, contrary to the rumor about the whole internet, but thankfully there was
a little reprieve by Congress, which has given people time more to negotiate the rates.
Of course, we encourage you to visit savenetradio.org and learn more about the situation impacting
internet radio that continues to.
For now, let's move on to some other stories that don't have really to do with press conferences
per se, but some other things going around around the gaming industry.
Well, this is actually pretty cool.
We mentioned earlier, but Paper Mario is going to the European Virtual Console, and I think
that's pretty cool because it was a really cool game.
I didn't get to play a whole bunch of it, but it was classic Nintendo 64 stuff.
It's kind of hard to think of Nintendo 64 stuff as being classic though, because I remember
when it was new.
It is, though, a thousand points to download.
Right now, though, on the European Virtual Console, then the total Nintendo 64 games
have now Paper Mario, Super Mario 64, Mario Kart 64, The Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time,
Lilot Wars, and F-Zero X.
Also coming out on Virtual Console is Air Zonk, which was a TurboGrafx-16 game, which
was sort of okay, and it's a 600-point game.
Would you download Paper Mario when it's released here?
Sure.
I've never played it.
Why not?
Why not?
It's something new, and I heard it was a pretty good game.
This is an interesting follow-up.
It's a news story, but it kind of follows along the same path as something we previously
reported on.
This comes from gamepolitics.com.
Apparently, Mario Party 8 has been pulled in the UK, and the reason why the game was
pulled in the UK?
The word spastic is used in one scene.
The word can be seen on the Shy Guy's Perplex Express board.
If a player lands on one of several certain green spaces, Magikoopa will appear, and before
rearranging the train cars, will say, Magikoopa magic, turn the train spastic, make this ticket
tragic.
And of course, we remember we talked previously about the brain training-ish game, or it was
actually Mind Quiz was the real game, that had the controversy behind it, because it
used the word spastic in it, which here in the US, not really a big deal of a word.
It's not a very controversial word, but in the UK carries a lot more meaning and oomph
about the mentally handicapped.
That's tragic.
Interesting that it kind of continues another recall over that word.
Very interesting.
Well, another thing that's tragic is the fact that the government and government groups
feel that they need to step in to protect kids from M-rated games.
So the National Institute on Media and Family is building an army of undercover agents or
shoppers for their 11th annual video game report card, and they're going to be finding
actual minors to go in and attempt to buy M-rated games to see if the actual retailers
will prevent them from buying it.
I think it's good that they're trying to enforce that stuff.
I don't know.
I still think though that parents should be more responsible.
Stop giving your kids money if you don't want them buying crap.
Let's move on to another segment we like to do every week here on the program.
It's called the Website of the Week, and it's brought to you by Dark Sakura.
She likes to surf the internet up and down and all over every week and find a website
to share with you all out there on the internet.
Dark Sakura, where should the kids be pointing their web browsers to this week?
The Website of the Week is one that will definitely make an impact, I think, on the world at large.
It is AwfulPlasticSurgery.com.
It's a site taking very famous people and showing just how bad their plastic surgery
is.
I'm really not joking.
It's AwfulPlasticSurgery.com.
Is it not for the squeamish because I have a feeling a site like this will make you kind
of go, ah!
No, it's not that bad.
It's just pictures you'd find anywhere on the internet.
Thank you, Dark Sakura, for that lovely Website of the Week.
There's also one that's called GoodPlasticSurgery.com, too, that shows plastic surgery is done right.
An example on here is, I find this one funny, Brooke Hogan's boob implants.
Who was it, Victoria Beckham, her boobs that just look wrong.
It's funny.
I think it's hilarious.
Also something I think that is kind of funny and looks like maybe plastic surgery gone
wrong is this very interesting peripheral that was announced at E3 2007.
It's the Wii Party Station.
What?
Huh?
What?
It's the Wii Party Station.
Lego, they make a lot of these types of interesting peripherals.
Look at this.
They've made this party station.
It's a coffee table centerpiece for the Wii games.
It's basically got four stations that can hold your Wii remote there.
You have little LED counters that can count score, like round scores if you're doing that,
but also there's a storage drawer in it for nunchucks and other accessories, and then
also there's four freezable cup holders that you can put into this thing and then a little
center bowl for chips and dip.
It's a little party station for all your Wii crap.
That's kind of smart.
You can have a Wii tennis party, and the price for it, $24.99.
That's not bad just as a storage unit.
It's kind of actually not a bad price.
I look at it and go, WTF.
If I had a coffee table, it'd be great.
There's a lot of people that are into having the Wii Sports parties, especially for, again,
the casual gamers and the soccer mom parties of the world, and I keep using them, but you
know what I mean.
People that aren't really into gaming, I think will probably get a kick out of this for their
next party.
Where was this when we used to do the money parties?
Good question.
Yeah, because actually having, I don't know, say just a bag of chips on the table or using
a bowl for chips is way too difficult.
I like having the freezer tray.
That's a really good idea.
Sure, go ahead and buy this.
You're just encouraging them to make more crap like this that's going to come out later.
But it's not that bad, Loki.
I don't know.
It's better than those little plastic golf clubs that you put your remote into.
Is it?
Really, is it?
If the little golf club held chips and dip in it, would it be better?
Shut up.
Everything is better with chips and dip.
We're going to take a quick break because as GS68 says in the chat room, Loki's hit
his limit break, so he needs to calm down a little bit.
He needs to go fag his anger for a little bit, which by the way, somebody left an iTunes
review that said we needed to fag our anger.
So thank you very much to the mysterious person who wrote that and snuck it through the iTunes
review sensors.
If you ever want to leave us an iTunes review, you really should.
It helps expose our show to a whole new audience and word of mouth is the only way independent
podcasts can survive.
So go to iTunes or any website like Yahoo Podcasts, Digg, any of those sites and leave
us a review.
We appreciate it.
And GS68 makes a good point here.
Chips equals oily equals oily remote, which equals more remotes being thrown in the TV.
So keep the paper towels nearby.
Shut up.
All right.
We're going to take a quick break.
We'll be right back after this with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
