Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com
for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
And welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio, live on this Sunday evening, July the 1st of 2007.
If you haven't heard part A of our program yet, go back to wherever you got this episode,
whether it be iTunes or Digg or wherever you got this, and look for part A
because Orange Lounge Radio tapes in two parts every week.
It's the little announce in the beginning of the show told you.
So why am I repeating myself? I don't know.
So let's get back to the gaming news.
There's an interesting little blog post I've seen pop up on Engadget
showing someone that's modded a Wii remote with a Zapper gun from the Nintendo Entertainment System.
Now what they've done with this, and you might be wondering why the hell would they do this,
is they've actually kind of repositioned the IR sensor that's in the front of the Wii remote
to the front of the Zapper gun.
And of course the trigger on the Zapper gun is now the B button for the Wii remote.
So I guess you could actually use that sort of as, you know, a first person shooter controller
or something kind of like that.
Pretty neat, I don't know.
Better than some of the stuff that's out there right now, that's for sure.
Huh.
Where's Duck Hunt on Virtual Console already?
So we can really get some use out of this.
I think Duck Hunt's going to be a little harder because a lot of those gun games now
it's not going to be a straight port over.
They've got to rebuild the whole thing for the Wii remote.
Oh, I guess that's kind of true, huh?
You can't, well can't, I mean, because basically these games run off of emulators anyway,
so can't the Wii remote kind of emulate a light gun in the same way that some Nintendo emulators let you use your mouse?
Um, I suppose, but you know, obviously the people that make the emulators aren't exactly the people that work for Nintendo either.
Well then again, maybe if the rumors are true about this whole Dr. Mario Wii thing
and the fact that the Dr. Mario is actually a new game being made for the Wii,
or, well I guess you shouldn't say a new game, but you know what I mean,
like it's something you haven't seen before, a redone version of it,
um, maybe Duck Hunt can get something similar.
I hope so, because I like, uh...
I guess you kind of saw that in Wii Play a little bit in that one game.
I would like me some Battle Clash, and some Super Scope 6 stuff.
Good times.
Alright, uh, the doctor in chat says,
I want some awesome 3D Duck Hunt.
That could be kind of interesting.
Shadow Charlie says, but isn't there supposed to be a Zapper adapter coming soon?
There is something that's officially going to come out at some point pretty soon.
I imagine that, um, you know, because they were showing stuff at E3 last year
that looked like a shotgun kind of attachment, obviously that was, you know, more of a prototype.
I, you know, we might see something at E3.
I mean, that's when they drop bombs like that, you know,
hey, this is going to be coming out soon.
I still say, if this Dr. Mario Wii thing is true,
I think you're going to see it at E3 week.
I think that would be a nice little bombshell, you know, that whole little like,
you know, now especially that you have the downloadable content, you know,
and all that to push things,
I think you're going to see that really used this year,
because Xbox did it last year in a great way, and, you know,
I think, uh, Wii and Sony are hopefully going to do it as well.
Anyhow, uh, moving on to other Nintendo related things,
a lot of folks are very excited about Contra IV.
Have you seen some of the videos?
Mm-hmm.
Looks pretty hot.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, it's just, it's like, okay, good, you kept what worked,
and that's just, you know, Contra, and just made a new Contra game on the DS.
Looks great.
They just don't need to mess with it anymore.
This is how you do it.
Well, just like Castlevania.
Well, hopefully the game will sound great too,
and, uh, it's all going to be in the hands of Vert.
Vert, also known as Jake Kaufman, will be the composer for Contra IV.
Now, the reason why this is kind of cool is because Vert also founded the video game remix site, VGMix.
So, it's kind of interesting that he's crossing over, so to speak, with a, quote-unquote,
legit game, if you want to say, and he's actually going to be composing for Contra IV.
Pretty rad.
But, from what I hear, though, is he's done some legitimate games before.
He did, um, some games actually by the developer that's making this game,
because they did some other games on the DS, and he's done some music for them, original stuff.
This is like a really high, you know, very highly anticipated A-list title, so to speak.
Oh yeah.
So, that's pretty cool.
Um, but not the first time the Konami has gone to the internet to find musicians.
Of course, if you follow the DDR series,
the UltraMix and Universe series have previously had a competition to put indie artists in the game.
Yes.
Um, another thing that people might be looking for,
I mean, granted, the classic controller is pretty good for fighting games,
but, you know, when you're looking for something just a little bit better and a little bit more like the arcade,
uh, well, you might be turning to a company like HORI,
and they're actually going to be releasing a fighting stick for the Wii,
which I imagine would be kind of hooking up to the Wii Remote, very similar to, like, the classic controller.
But, I mean, this is everything that you could possibly want in an arcade stick.
Um, it looks awesome.
Perfect for, you know, Street Fighter II Turbo, or, uh, of course, Guilty Gear XX Accent Core.
I was going to say, all those original Wii fighting games that the Wii doesn't have right now.
I mean, they'll have Guilty Gear soon, but, you know.
Well, virtual console stuff, and this will also be good for, like, arcade games and stuff.
Hey, you know what, you don't necessarily, not a lot of people really pick up these arcade sticks.
It's, you know, the people that really are into their hardcore.
Fucking hardcore.
You know, games like that, so.
Can I use it, uh, backwards compatible with GameCube, like, for Soul Calibur action?
Uh, probably not, because, you know, this is going to be hooking up via, you know, the expansion port on the Wii Remote.
So, since you can't use the Wii Remote or classic controller on GameCube games, you're out of luck.
And you probably wouldn't be able to anyways, because, I mean, there's really only one, you know, directional button, or directional joystick on there, and eight buttons.
So, you wouldn't have all the analog sticks and stuff that the GameCube would have.
Oh, well.
Sorry, I was just responding to some comments in chat there.
Somebody who just joined, who hasn't changed their nickname yet, says,
Why can't the PSP get Contra IV? Why didn't Contra IV go to the PSP?
And Rama responded, because the PSP sucks ass.
And I was like, play FF1.
It doesn't suck ass, but I think that this game, you know, would work pretty good on the DS.
I mean, after all, Contra, you know, the first three Contra games were on, you know, the Nintendo system.
So, only fitting that, you know, Contra IV come to the DS.
Well, one game that may not be coming out for the DS much longer, no, just kidding, these games sell like hotcakes,
but there was a brain game called Mind Quiz that came out for the Nintendo DS.
And the BBC is reporting that the game is actually being pulled by the manufacturer.
It was released by Ubisoft, and somebody got their panties in a bunch over a derogatory term that was used in the game.
Now, the BBC article never names the term by name, but I think I speculate I figured out what it is here.
But basically what happened, let's see, a Belfast woman actually called the BBC
and talked to Radio Astur's Nolan show, and actually said here,
quote, I thought it was absolutely appalling that a word like this should be used to describe someone who has not achieved very well.
Apparently, she was playing this game in the hospital right after she gave birth to her son,
and I guess she didn't do so well in one stage, and the game called her a derogatory name.
The three-year-old, by the way, to put this in perspective, her three-year-old suffered from cerebral palsy
and was also severely brain damaged, so she was kind of, that's not funny, why are you laughing?
No, I'm just thinking of what the word was, you know, not the situation, that's really sad.
Yeah, I know, and the lady was very shocked because she performed poorly in this one stage,
and the game called her, quote, it raided her efforts in a manner derogatory to the disabled.
So I'm thinking the word is retarded? I guess?
Which, you know, is a word, I'll admit, we do it here on the program,
a lot of, you know, we throw that word around sometimes and not really think about what it really means.
Well, you have to understand that we, I mean, the word retard means to slow or, you know, to, I guess,
I don't know, basically slow, you know, retarding something.
You know, retard your anger, you know, that was in anger management.
That's what I'm going to tell the Loki next time the subject of Apple comes up, retard your anger.
No, but seriously, in music you use that term.
That's how you use the word. It's unfortunate, it's just like, you know, what is it, fag.
You know, people, it is, you know, to describe a cigarette and stuff, but it's, you know, slang in the UK,
but over here, you know, we use it as, you know, what I get called.
Yeah.
Yes, exactly.
Fag your anger, Rob.
Well, anyway, I really don't know what to think about this.
I mean, on one hand I'm like, oh, this person's overreacting and ruining the fun for the rest of us,
but at the same time you kind of go, well...
Why did you buy a brain training game like that?
But I don't know, I don't know what to think.
I'm really looking for chatroom comments on this to see what you guys think of this story here,
because I don't know what to think.
I don't know if she's being too sensitive.
I don't know if, you know, maybe it is appropriate.
I think mine was by Ubisoft, so shame on them.
What do you think, Rice Princess?
Do you have an opinion on this?
Because you haven't really been talking the rest of the show otherwise,
so I'm trying to encourage you to participate.
Yeah, I'm totally looking at my life journal.
I don't know, it really depends on what the word actually is.
I just think that they should have included that in the article.
Otherwise, it could be something like, you know, I don't know, farty butt or something, you know, being the actual word.
I've never heard a farty butt.
You're so dumb.
Oh!
I've never heard a farty butt be used for a derogatory term that is disabled.
I personally think it's the word Cali from Battlestar Galactica, because she's retarded.
But you use that word in a derogatory manner.
I do, don't I?
I do, I do.
That's not nice.
It isn't nice at all.
Let's see.
I'm not a nice person.
Looking at chat room, Wonder Dog Harold says,
Heaven forbid the lady plays a You Don't Know Jack game and gets insulted.
Rama says, You guys are a bunch of fags.
Ross Steel UT says, A derogatory term for the disabled has no place in a brain training game.
Dark Knight says, It's the French.
You know, Ubisoft.
Girl Bakura says, Something with the word spastic.
Maybe like a spaz or a, I don't know, maybe could be the word there.
Let's see.
Azurame says, I think she is right.
I work in the mental field and they could get in some serious trouble if told to the right people.
Rama also says, Whatever happened to sticks and stones may break my bones, but names will never hurt me.
Interesting.
So there you go.
And ACHP says, The word was spastic.
So maybe, that isn't, like I would, is spastic really that bad?
Have I just been ignorant all these years?
Ignant?
Why are you so ignorant?
I don't know.
Spastic I don't think is a bad term.
I don't know.
That's stupid.
She's spastic.
Fucking spaz.
This frustration leaves me with no other choice but to bring on one of our very favorite segments because I'm just left confused and unsure with what else to do at this point.
Music.
Alright, Loki start us off tonight.
Fuck you to the state of California.
And why?
Because driving on our local Highway 50 over here, it was nice to see that they've repaved the freeway.
The only problem is they forgot to paint lines on the freeway.
So there's this four lane highway that all of a sudden becomes one lane because there's no lines on it.
Makes it a little unsafe.
Just a little.
Especially when cars are like, well, I don't know where the lane ends.
So that's kind of bad.
Kind of something you should have, I don't know, done before you finish your project here.
At least put something that indicates where the lane ends and begins.
So fuck them because I know someone is going to get injured and hopefully sue for a lot of money.
My FU of the week goes to the fact that I just put in my notice I'm going to move on August 1st today and I have no place to live lined up just yet so I'll be hitting Craigslist all next week.
Or it might be an OLR live from your house.
A contest from the listeners because I'll be homeless.
Wow.
Pretty sad.
Yeah.
Rice versus.
FU to the weather because it's way too fucking hot.
And I don't have an air conditioner in my car because I'm po.
And I can't afford a luxury car.
And that's pretty much it.
Yeah.
I'm sorry too.
Anyhow, what are you giggling at over there, Logie?
Shadow's liar.
Fag your anger, Logie.
Man, that's like the best word ever.
If anybody hasn't left a review on iTunes.
Oh, damn it.
They're going to block that word.
You're not going to be able to put fag in a review on iTunes.
No.
Damn, because I was going to say like.
Oh, that's retarded.
Somebody needs to leave.
That's horrible.
I shouldn't lie.
I apologize if you were offended by that and the fact that I laughed at it.
Oh, whatever.
That's your automatic gut reaction.
You don't have to apologize for who you are, Rob.
But I really want to see a review on iTunes that says these guys need to learn how to
fag their anger.
Can someone make that happen?
Get around the word sensor somehow.
Put P-H-A-G or something.
I'll give you the link in iTunes if you want to go leave a review there for our chatters,
because I'm sure there's someone in there that hasn't done it.
Good idea.
Yeah.
There you go.
In sickest or insaneist in the chat says F-H-A-G, fag your anger.
I really want someone in the chat to leave that as an iTunes review.
These guys need to learn how to fag their anger.
Anyways, so guess what?
There's this brand new, well it's not brand new, but a racing series coming back to consoles
exclusively to the Wii.
It's called Cruisin' and it's going to be exclusively coming to the Wii with licensed
cars and whatnot, body kits, upgrades, turbos, all that fun stuff.
So, Cruisin' coming to the Wii.
To be honest, I never was a huge fan of the Cruisin' series.
I always thought them to be kind of cheesy and stupid.
I seem to remember Dark Soccer as a big fan though, so she'll probably be excited about
this.
I played the games, they were pretty fun.
Did anyone remember Rush?
Yeah.
Rush 2049, San Francisco Rush?
No, I meant the last Rush game that they released that was basically, I don't remember if it
was Rush, I think it was just San Francisco Rush, or they redid it for the PSP and stuff.
It wasn't very good.
Interesting.
So, you think this game might be a disaster as well?
I think it might be.
Just what we needed in this next gen of gaming, or new gen of gaming, whatever you want to
call it, another fucking racing game.
That sucks.
Even if it is a memorable one from years past.
Speaking of years past, if you live over in Europe, you have some new stuff on the Virtual
Console, and a very interesting pair that came out this week, Kirby's Dream Course,
which is actually a game I really enjoyed on the Super Nintendo.
I had that game.
It was a lot of fun.
It's like a little miniature golf game, but you use Kirby.
You like miniature golf games, right, Loki?
You'll have to check this out when it comes stateside.
But the other game was Bloody Wolf, which is a turbo graphics game there.
Bloody Wolf?
No, it's like a war-ish game there on the Turbo Graphics 16.
You get Cutesy, Cutesy Kirby, and Bloody Wolf.
There you go.
Kirby's Bloody Wolf.
What came out in America?
I totally missed it.
Oh, we got the F-Zero, didn't we?
I think so.
I don't know.
I haven't downloaded anything from Virtual Console since Zelda II, right?
Wasn't that just two weeks ago?
It wasn't that long ago.
It seems like a long time ago.
There you go.
Well, some other stuff you're going to be able to download soon.
I don't know why this is a news story, because I always thought this was still on there in
the first place.
Also a reminder, if you haven't downloaded the Internet channel yet, you're now going
to have to pay for it.
So screw you guys, not that it's any good.
Not that we do have a... we don't have an O-L-O-V site, because I never made one.
Because you're lazy.
Because I'm lazy.
But anyways, there's going to be a brand new service coming to have original downloadable
titles called WiiWare.
And if I remember correctly, that's already online with I think the Internet channel,
and also the Wii Vote channel.
It's called WiiWare.
And hypothetically, this is Dr. Mario Wii, right?
Hypothetically.
2 plus 2 equals 4.
This, I'm not sure if it's going to be a brand new channel, but currently online right now
they do have a section for WiiWare.
It's been there forever.
But they just want you to remember that there is going to be a WiiWare service that's going
to be kind of like Xbox Live Arcade or the PlayStation 3 PSN networks.
So I don't know, going to be seeing some original titles, which will be cool.
And I guess we'll have to wait until E3 to find out what exactly is coming there first.
Obviously we're thinking Dr. Mario Wii.
I haven't checked the Everybody Votes channel in weeks.
Did they ever use the question I submitted to them?
I don't know.
The last one I saw was thank you or hello.
No, the question I submitted was which is funnier, clowns or rape?
I don't know if they used that though.
I'm thinking they probably didn't because I probably would have heard something about
it.
They probably would have made the gaming blog news.
Also making the gaming blog news this week is the launch of 3Speech because everybody
and their fucking mom has to have a podcast.
And so Sony started one.
They have the 3Speech podcast.
And what did they do in their first podcast?
It might not have been the first episode, but definitely they're still early on in their
podcasting life.
They've taken a shot at Major Nelson.
What's interesting though is that upon reviews of the new 3Speech podcast, 3Speech doesn't
really let you know that they work for Sony where Major Nelson kind of makes it no secret.
He does work for Microsoft.
But the interesting thing about Major Nelson, he'll say nice things about the Wii once in
a while and even PlayStation 3 if they deserve it.
So there you go.
And sorry, I laughed because I'm reading chat here.
Wonder Dog Herald suggests everybody votes question, which do you prefer, cock or vag?
I'm sure that will get through.
They're dinner meats.
Anyhow.
What the hell?
Oh, they're dinner meats.
Great way to cover that up there.
You know what?
Forget the other story.
It's just a story about Sony making fun of Major Nelson.
Who cares?
Seriously.
Keep talking about that.
I'm seriously reading this going, who cares?
They refer to Major Nelson as the unnamed blogger.
Oh my God!
No!
Why do they say he's unnamed?
He clearly has a name.
Major Nelson.
That is just pure falsity.
That's right.
I made up a word, falsity.
I don't really care.
I've listened to Major Nelson once.
Not that I have anything against the guy.
I just don't have time to listen to him.
The three speech podcast I'll probably never listen to.
So you know what?
You know what?
Listen to this podcast.
This is all you need.
Major spoiler alert here, but I hear that the next three speech podcast calls Leo Laporte's
spastic and then the next one they tell Reggie if he's made of faggot's anger.
This is kind of interesting actually.
We've been seeing a lot of these weird third party adapters and stuff come out for the
360.
This one though is being created by XMN and that's a mod company and they're actually
creating an HDMI cable for the regular non-elite 360s.
No word yet on how exactly it's going to work, but apparently it's going to allow you to
use HDMI cables obviously for 1080p on systems that may not be black and supporting a HDMI
out on it.
So the speculation I believe is that it's going to be something that has to do with
the VGA cable maybe converting the signal over to work on HDMI.
I don't know, but it should be interesting to see.
So if you want to keep an eye on that, check out xcm.cc and they have all the information
on that.
Alright, now why would I want to get an HDMI cable?
Is it really that big a difference?
I don't think it's a big difference.
It's really if you want that kind of cable for your console.
I think they're maybe worried that later on when they start using the broadcast flag and
stuff that you might need an HDMI cable.
Although I would think though if you're using this converter it's not going to work anyways.
I don't know.
It's not anything that I think you need, but whatever.
Interesting.
Also, on the Xbox 360 something you can see in this lovely new HDMI would be some of the
new achievements in the NCAA Football 08.
Now there's an achievement list and what's kind of interesting about it is that there's
actually some product placement in the achievement list.
They even use for the little icons for the achievement like Pontiac and Old Spice.
They're like actual official logos there.
I'm trying to look at what some of these are actually called, some of these achievements.
You can get the list for yourself at xbox360achievements.org.
Let's see.
There it is, yeah.
Old Spice Red Zone Perfection.
Eat a Play Now or Dynasty Mode Game with Red Zone Efficiency Rating of 100%.
You get 15 gamer points for that.
Pontiac 4th Quarter Comeback with a little Pontiac logo.
Win a Play Now or Dynasty Mode Game.
Win down by 14 to start the 4th Quarter.
You know, I don't understand, but yet still with all these corporate sponsorships and
now they're going to throw their logos into my achievements list, these games are still
$60.
It's because EA is a fucking whore when it comes to advertising in game and stuff like
that.
And Transformers is another game with big Heliosigns.
In fact, there's achievements that involve using the Heliophone sign to kill one of the
drones in the game.
You get an achievement for that.
So it's not anything relatively new, but I don't know.
And Solid Goomba in chat says, remember the Fight Night achievements?
There was like a Burger King match and all that stuff.
But the interesting thing about that, I mean, yeah, it hasn't happened in a while though
and the interesting thing about this is that these achievements actually have the company's
logos in them.
And remember that these things will show up on your gamer thing in the Xbox and when you
look on the internet and all that crap.
So it's just kind of interesting.
It's going to filthy up your profile with corporate logos.
Well, not a problem for me because I hate sports games, but I'm going to tell you this
much.
But you love achievements.
I do like achievements, but I'm not going to buy a product because I see a fucking logo
for it.
If it wasn't that easy, then these people would be making billions upon billions of
dollars just when having their logo out there.
You don't automatically go...
Well, they obviously pay for this because it works.
It's like product recognition.
Like, I don't know.
Maybe somebody sees the little old Spice logo and goes, oh yeah, I need to pick up some
deodorant.
I'll get that.
And then that's like in their mind.
I don't know.
I don't know.
But whatever.
That is kind of ridiculous, but one thing that is pretty awesome.
It's going to be Destroy All Humans 3.
It's coming out soon, and it's going to be finally making its way to Playstation 3, the
360, and the Wii.
No word exactly on what exactly is going to be in the game.
Obviously, it's probably going to be shown at E3, but Destroy All Humans is fucking awesome.
That's all I need to say.
There's a perfect example of a game that's fun because you get to blow up things and
throw cows.
I knew you would like this news.
I love the game.
You can pick up a cow with your tractor beam and then hunt it.
I notice there's a theme here.
You like these games where you get to play as aliens and do things to humans.
Not necessarily.
I like Grand Theft Auto.
I like sandbox games.
Fair enough.
So that's what's fun.
So continuing our conversation from part A a long time ago, fun to you is the sandbox
type of games where you can do whatever the fuck you want.
Games where you can do whatever the fuck you want, and usually if the game sucks, like
Driver 3, there will be things that you find in the game that are fun to do, like mess
with the AI and stuff, or make your own instant replays that are ridiculous.
Another very popular series that a lot of people like is Geometry Wars Galaxies, but
people are looking forward to Geometry War Galaxies because they like the old school
one.
GameSpot put up a video this week.
It was a demo of the upcoming Wii title, Geometry Wars Galaxies.
What kind of caused some people to turn around and go, huh?
Is that during the demo, the developer actually pauses the game and the word achievements
comes up.
So the question comes up, is this game actually secretly being developed for Xbox 360 as well?
Or are there achievements coming to the Wii?
Or is it because the game is early in development and it's a port and they just haven't gotten
rid of that yet?
I mean, there's a million different theories, but it certainly has made some people go,
huh?
Well, I think it doesn't have to have the achievement system from the 360 in order to
have achievements.
I mean, look at Resistance.
Resistance has achievements in it, but it's just for the game.
It's not anything...
Like internal achievements.
Exactly.
It's just for unlocking bonus content and stuff like that.
It's not necessarily...
EA has that even on the 360, like the Burnout games, you get those stupid trophies for everything
you do.
Yeah, exactly.
You hit the gas pedal.
You get a trophy.
Exactly.
Another interesting thing, though, coming from Geometry Wars Galaxies is they're going
to have download play in there as well.
So if you own the DS version of the game, you can actually transfer over and download
play a full version of Geometry Wars Retro Evolved onto other stuff.
Also, if you have the Wii version, you can transfer over a full version of Geometry Wars
Retro Evolved onto the DS.
So it's going to have cross-platform play that way.
It's kind of neat.
Huh.
All right.
That should be fun.
That's kind of interesting.
Wait.
So you're going to be able to download it to the DS if you have the Wii one?
Yeah.
If you have the Wii one, you'll be able to download a playable version onto the DS.
That's great, because this is a great trend that we're seeing here now that you're going
to be able...
And a lot of us theorized this was coming, that the DS and the Wii were going to be able
to work together like that.
I don't know why they don't have it before.
However, with the GameCube, Metroid Prime 2, you can download the original Metroid.
The Animal Crossing island is the thing I always think of.
Remember in Animal Crossing you could go to the island on the Game Boy?
It was awesome.
Awesome.
Now another thing that's super awesome, and that's because it's Grand Theft Auto IV, the
brand new trailer came out.
It looks pretty cool.
They didn't show a whole lot in there, but definitely going to be an awesome game.
The graphics looked a little bit scaled down from what they were before.
Obviously though, they're probably tweaking it to make sure that the frame rate is good,
but they did show some gunfights and of course car chases and all that fun stuff.
Just more of a tease right now, and I'm sure there's going to be a new trailer coming out
about once a month or so, especially with E3 right around the corner.
You know there's going to be something that they're going to be teasing at least.
Only a few months away now.
All right, so are you still very excited about this?
Was there any kind of revelations that the trailer had for you, or was it just more like
mouth-wetting?
It was just mouth-wetting.
They did show the main character, Nico, actually holding onto the back of a truck, being held
onto that, and then also hanging from a helicopter, which looked pretty cool.
So I don't know, it looks awesome.
I think once we see this game in action, it's just going to be phenomenal.
And I have the collector's edition on order, because I have to have all that crap that
comes with it.
All right, well we're going to get into another segment here, and we're going to go from something
very, very new to a classic segment on Orange Lounge Radio.
It's a game we like to play, especially during Slow News Week, such as this one called Beat
the Host.
And tonight on Beat the Host, we're going to be looking for a contestant to call us
on our Skype line.
Go ahead and call now if you'd like to play.
However, for tonight's Beat the Host, you should know, retro knowledge is really going
to help tonight.
So 1-877-GAME-OLR if you'd like to play, or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
So go ahead and give us a call right now, and we will take the first person to call
in on our Skype line.
And the way it's going to work, we're going to change up the rules again a little bit
tonight.
But it is going to have to do with identifying game music or game noise, and I will let you
know a little more about that when we get into the game.
All right, we're starting to get some calls on the line.
Let's go to a call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's Ronma.
Hi, Ronma.
Finally.
Hi, Arnie.
Finally, a normal sounding call.
All right, we have our contestant.
Stop calling everybody.
Stop calling everybody.
You guys can call later when we open up the Skype line for calls.
Ronma, you ready to play some Beat the Host?
Yeah.
All right, tonight you get to challenge Loki.
He's the only one because I already know the questions, and well, Irene, you would just
whoop her ass, I mean, no matter what the game is.
Wait, what is the topic?
The topic is Atari 2600 games.
Oh, yeah, pick Matt.
All right, so Matt, in part A, you may remember, seemed to be-
I know, I am-
He flaunted his Atari 2600 knowledge.
I just like playing Atari 2600.
It doesn't mean I played everything.
I like combat.
This is going to be tough tonight.
Because it's so tough, we're going to change up the rules of Beat the Host a little bit
tonight because you know every time we play Beat the Host, we change the rules.
Okay, Ronma?
Yeah.
Okay, so what we're going to do, I'm going to need you to speak nice and loud or I might
not hear you over the game music, okay?
All right, hold on.
Let me- I'm going to leave the chat room.
All right, yes, you need to leave the chat room.
That's good.
That's very ethical of you.
I appreciate that.
All right.
Now, what's going to happen is that we're going to play some music from Atari 2600 games.
I actually recorded myself playing some Atari 2600 games earlier today, and you're going
to hear some music from it.
The first one of you guys to shout out the correct answer gets a point, okay?
Got it.
Now, in order to help you out, because Atari 2600 tracks were kind of vague, I will give
you some hints at certain time intervals to help you guys out and hopefully one of you
guys actually gets the right answer, okay?
All right.
Cool.
All right.
You ready, Ronma?
I'm ready.
Is that as loud as you get, Ronma?
Are you able to get any louder?
Hold on.
How's that?
Much better.
All right.
Because we're really going to have to strain to hear you over these songs.
Okay, here we go.
You ready, Ronma?
Ready.
All right.
Beat the host.
Here's song, or I should say game number one.
It's based on a vector arcade game, but the Atari 2600 couldn't support vector graphics.
Yars revenge?
No.
If there was no separate hyperspace button, you use this by pulling the joystick down.
Galaxian?
No.
Can I answer?
No.
When you shoot a rock, it splits into two smaller rocks.
Asteroids.
Asteroids.
Loki got it first.
Loki gets a point.
Good job, Loki.
Good job.
Yay.
All right.
One point for Loki.
That was asteroids.
I just didn't remember the part.
All right.
All right.
Here we go.
You ready for number two, Ronma?
Yeah.
If you can get it like three seconds sooner next time, you'll be good.
No problem.
All right.
Here's song, or game number two.
Combat.
Loki got it without even a hint.
I knew he'd get it when he said he'd played all those combat back in the day.
You're not looking at my computer screen, right?
I can't see anything on your computer screen.
That was combat.
Good job.
That was the default packing game for the Atari 2600, by the way.
All right.
Here we go.
You ready for number three, Ronma?
Yeah.
You can do it.
Come on.
You're losing two nothing.
Let's see what we can do.
It's on command.
No.
Tempest.
Nope.
There's a version of this on Xbox Live.
Centipede, millipede.
Pressing the button flapped your wings.
Yars event.
No.
Joust.
Oh, you got it.
Good job.
It was joust.
Nice job.
It was joust.
All right.
Three nothing, Ronma.
You're killing me here.
Sorry, dude.
It's all right.
I still love you, man.
All right.
Here we go.
Now, this one is a tricky one.
I'm going to tell you straight up.
This one is fucking hard, all right?
So here we go.
If either of you get this, I will be very impressed.
Evil Otto was a character that would chase you.
Robotron?
Some people know this game from the big happy face bouncing creature that would stalk you.
That's Evil Otto.
Frenzy.
No.
Damn it.
You shot robots in a maze.
Robotron 20.
No.
10 seconds.
Evil Otto, big happy face bouncing creature.
Robots in a maze.
Galaxian?
Oh.
Oh.
I don't know.
Berserk.
Berserk is a game.
Berserk.
You know, I actually had the board game to that.
You what?
I actually had the board game to that like a very long time ago.
Oh, good.
You know, and oh well.
It happens.
Brain fart.
Frenzy is just like that game too.
Good job in the chat room though.
Some folks there got Berserk.
Some folks were saying it was Sword Quest, which was a really good guess, but unfortunately
not right.
All right, this next one's a toughie too, and I'll also be impressed if either of you
get this.
In this game, you are out to rescue Lady P. Lady P is being held by a jungle tribe.
You start this game swinging from rope to rope, then you fight crocodiles, then you
dodge falling rocks.
Can I please answer?
Nope.
This wasn't Kongo Bongo.
No.
Um.
Rama, you still with us?
Yeah, sure.
I know what the game is.
I just can't remember the title.
It's not Donkey Kong Jr., is it?
Ten seconds, no.
Lady P, jungle tribe, swinging ropes, fighting crocodiles, dodging falling rocks.
You do all that in Jungle Hunt.
Jungle Hunt.
All right.
Still three nothing in Loki's favor.
You can still win it though.
Okay.
All right.
I got an easier one for you this time.
All right.
You ready?
Ready.
Here.
Here we go.
Pac-Man.
Oh my God.
That was fast.
He knew it right from the starting tone there.
It was Pac-Man.
Let's play a little more of that because I barely got to hear any of it.
Remember little ghost chasing noises?
Now here we go.
Yeah, there it is.
Based on a very popular arcade game, but it was considered a disappointment, the home
version.
I have a poster for this at my work.
You eat a wafer for bonus points in Pac-Man.
Look at that.
Damn.
All right.
That's all right.
There's four left.
So Rama, you can still tie it up.
Working on it.
All right.
It's all right, Rama.
It was a long time ago.
I barely remember these when I was playing through them today.
All right.
Now this one is fun.
This one's a tricky one, but I love this game.
Burger time.
No.
Popeye.
Oh, Rama gets one.
That's right.
That's right.
It sounded familiar.
That's right.
Of course, you can kind of hear a little theme being used in the game.
There was a movie out around the same time, and remember, this was a really cool game
at the time because the stages were so unique, and in that first stage that you were hearing,
olive oil was actually throwing hearts down that you had to catch before they sank in
the water.
Rama is on the board.
Good job, Rama.
See, now you don't get shut out, and that feels good.
So all right.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, keep it up, Rama.
All right.
Let's do the next one.
Three left.
Here we go.
I need a more specific answer.
Pitfall 2.
Yes, it's Pitfall 2.
Oh.
Oh, poor Rama.
It is Pitfall 2.
It was one of the first games to feature a full soundtrack.
The sequel to another popular Atari game in the main character was Pitfall Harry.
Rama so close.
You know what?
Just because Loki pisses me off sometimes, I'm going to give that to you anyway.
We're going to give it to you.
All right.
All right.
So there we go.
So what do we have?
Four for Loki.
Two for Rama.
All right.
Here we go.
Let's go to another one.
This one is also very hard.
Here we go.
Bump and jump.
Bump and jump.
No.
This game was also based on a popular movie series.
Star Trek?
No.
Star Wars?
Nope.
DC?
Nope.
You can walk into a phone booth to change from one character to another.
Superman?
Yes.
Rama got it.
It was Superman.
Ah.
Remember the Superman game?
No.
It was great.
It was so weird because like you could fly up and you would fly into another screen.
Like you moved up, down, left, and right.
Like it was weird.
It was very weird.
There you go.
Rama's got three now.
Well, because you gave him one.
Yeah, I did.
I totally gave him one.
All right.
That's all right.
Let's see if you can tie it up, Rama.
This is the last one.
All right.
And this is a doozy.
This is a hell of a game.
Here we go.
Ms. Pac-Man.
No.
Pac-Man 2.
No.
This game was made by Mystique Entertainment.
Adventure?
No.
No.
It's a highly controversial game that shows up on lots of gag Atari 2600 lists.
Custer's Revenge.
Ah.
Good job, Loki.
It is Custer's Revenge.
And, of course, the object of the game, your naked ass has to fuck an Indian girl lots
and lots.
And that's why the game is very controversial.
You were just playing that earlier.
Yeah.
That's when I was recording the clips.
Oh my God.
That was so funny.
That's why you couldn't play because you walked in here when I was setting it up.
Oh, yeah.
All right.
You got the score.
Rama, you got three points, a very good showing, and, unfortunately, Loki beat you with five,
so, unfortunately, you got beat by the host tonight, but you made a damn good effort on
a very tough topic.
Thanks, man.
I appreciate it.
No problemo.
Take any shout-outs or plugs you want to give, as long as we have you on the air as a consolation
prize.
Visit my website, www.djromas.net.
There you go.
Take us from Bonneville 7RL.
All right.
Sounds good.
Thanks, Rama.
Take care.
All right.
Now, the audio looked a little low to me on the board here, but it seems like the chat
room was able to play along just fine, so I'm hoping the audio was just fine there as
far as things went.
Otherwise, I'll have to fix that in post-production.
We'll see.
I think we're good, though.
Live radio, boys and girls.
Take it or leave it.
We're going to go back into some gaming news.
Let's talk about the game Turrican.
This is a game that was on the Commodore 64, kind of compared to an earlier version of
Metroid slash Contra.
Turrican was a game that was made for the Commodore 64, however, a German programmer
has made a freeware remake of the game.
It's called Hurrican, and you can download Hurrican from the site, Hurrican-game.de,
because it's German.
It's a 40-megabyte game.
It's Windows-compatible, and if you remember gaming on the Commodore 64, you're probably
going to love this, so check it out, Hurrican.
Another game that's getting a sequel, and it's long due, I think, and this is, I guess,
a rumor for right now, but Parasite Eve is slated on possibly coming out to the PlayStation
3 and 360, and no word exactly on any details on that, but I don't know.
I guess people are thinking, because they originally announced Parasite Eve 3 as a mobile
game, but they're thinking this is going to be something else.
This is also, I guess, Quarterman from EGM is saying that they're going to be, Dio Kojima
is going to be working on another PS3 exclusive title.
No word on what that is.
People are thinking maybe Zone of Enders or something like that.
That's pretty much it.
Well I would hope Parasite Eve is actually going to get the full-blown next-gen treatment,
not just some shitty cell phone game.
I hope so.
Weren't you a fan of Parasite Eve, Rice Princess?
I still remember you were the person that introduced me to that.
I was?
Or I'm smoking crack.
Maybe I'm smoking crack.
I thought it was a good game.
I never actually beat it, but I played through a good part of it.
That was me in most Final Fantasy games.
I like the combat system in that.
The combat system in the first Parasite Eve reminds me much of what they're doing in Final
Fantasy XII right now, how that system, you have a big dome or whatever that you can attack
in and stuff.
It reminds me very much of that.
Well before we get to the Skype line, I've got one more story for you guys.
Since it is July 1st, also known as Canada Day, I thought those you Canadians would appreciate
this.
You can get a red PlayStation 3 and it's a special Canada event.
You can only get this in Canada.
It's actually a contest that's being held.
The contest is being run through July 15th at PlayStation.ca and you can actually win
yourself a red PlayStation 3 or a limited edition Canada PlayStation 3 t-shirt there.
It doesn't have the maple leaf on it, but it has a 3 in place of the maple leaf.
Otherwise it kind of looks like the Canadian flag.
So there you go.
Only 3 of those red PlayStation 3s by the way will be made.
So that's kind of neat.
Well technically 4 since there's already been a red PlayStation 3 out there custom made.
Well that's different though.
It's kind of officially endorsed so to speak by Sony.
So I know we have some Canadian listeners there so you might want to go enter that contest
and brag to all your friends, eh?
This is completely random, but I feel that we should talk about this real quick.
We went over the fries the other day because I had my motherboard.
There's a fan that went out.
My computer is kind of on the fritz.
But Nelly picked up this USB stripper.
It's on a stripping pole that you can buy.
I've seen that before because we were thinking about getting it for her for her birthday
before we realized we were all freaking poor.
I thought that was funny.
I don't know.
That was great.
Did you guys actually see it in motion or what?
No, but we almost bought it and then like common sense kicked in and we said no we probably
don't need a $30 USB stripper.
Why not?
I don't know.
Because she wanted to take it to work and you know her work wouldn't really think too
highly of that.
All right, well we're going to open up the Skype line.
If you'd like to give us a call 1-877-GAME-OLR or you can call us on the actual program Skype.
Orange Lounge Radio is our username.
We always like to hear from our listeners and get your guys' two cents on what's going
on in the gaming scene and the gaming community.
If you have any feedback to tonight's articles or what have you or you just want to tell
Rice Princess to say hi to you and actually talk on the program tonight, all of that you
can do by calling our program.
So while we wait for some calls because there's a little bit of a lag, do you have any last
minute stories?
No.
No?
No last minute stories tonight?
Not at the moment.
Oh my gosh.
It really is a slow gaming week.
I was looking for stuff but I haven't seen anything.
Well should I pick up Project Silpheed?
I haven't, I saw it scroll by your screen there and I'm curious about that game but
I don't know.
It looks okay.
I want to get this t-shirt.
It looks like one of those Target t-shirts, like the Don't Bother Me ones and it says
good and it has the male, female, almost looks like a restroom logo or something and that's
good and then better has a guy with two girls and then best shows a guy playing a video
game.
We're finally getting calls, thank God.
Hi you're on Orange Lawn's Radio, who's this?
Hello you're on Orange Lawn's Radio, who's this?
Oh damn it, it didn't work.
Hola, bienvenidos a Orange Lawn's Radio.
Wow.
If you always want to test your Skype line, you can do that by calling Echo 1-2-3.
This is a username on Skype if you'd always like to test your connection in advance which
we highly recommend.
Hi you're on Orange Lawn's Radio, who's this?
Hey it's DJ Tyrant.
Hey!
What's up DJ Tyrant, how are you doing?
Whoa.
Hey I'm doing pretty good, I'm at Anime Expo 2007 right now.
Awesome, how's Anime?
Now you actually got into Anime Expo 2007 on behalf of Orange Lawn's Radio right?
Yes I did.
Alright, then you better have a good report for us, what's going on at Anime Expo?
Uh, lots of anime and stuff, there's actually a lot of gaming stuff also, what did I check
out today?
I checked out the Naruto fighting game for the Wii, those are a little sloppy for that
though.
Oh, wait, what was sloppy, the controls are sloppy?
Yeah.
Oh that sucks.
But um, there's Guilty Gear, the U1XX, forget the subtitle for that, but.
Accent Core.
Look, he says it's Accent Core.
Yeah, that sounds right.
I didn't get to play it, but it looked pretty solid.
Interesting, so I don't usually go to Anime Expos where there's a lot of game presence
there, but it sounds like a few game companies are making their way out to Anime Expo to
plug their stuff?
Yeah, they are, apparently Square has a bunch of stuff for Oven, I didn't get to swing by
their booth because I don't play Oven, but I saw a lot of people with stuff from Final
Fantasy 11.
Oh my god, that was like E3 a couple years ago, we did nothing but play at the Square
booth on their Final Fantasy 11 events, that was when I was sadly sadly addicted.
I bet there's a lot of people still really addicted.
Remember, you won a hard drive.
I did, that's right.
My computer actually came from that Final Fantasy event in my first E3, but anyway,
that's another story.
I was going to ask, I was going to say, video game cosplay is very popular, have you seen
any cool cosplay while you've been there?
Yeah, there's tons, there's a while attic, I found about three really really good costumes,
and I'll post some pictures up when I get home, but they're like really well done,
they look exactly like they look in game, which I found really impressive.
Now Rama would like to point out for those of us here, that Anime Expo is not an anime
con, it's a trade show, and apparently there's a very distinct difference, I guess because
I don't follow the con scene enough, it kind of feels the same to me, but, I see.
Well what about, you said there was some gaming stuff there, what about tournaments, is there
any big tournaments, or I know these cons usually have a game room, what kinds of stuff
have been around in the game?
Yeah, there's a pretty big console room with Guitar Hero and the typical fighting type
games.
There was a Pokemon tournament last night, and there's been various fighting game tournaments
for Guilty Gear and Naruto, there's a Smash Bros tournament tomorrow that I will be playing
in and losing in the first round, and so, there's definitely a lot of stuff for gamers
to do at the show.
Very cool.
A Super Smash Bros tournament, man, that game's been out for how long, and it's still so,
so popular.
Yet I didn't hear you say DDR or Beat Mania or any of those games that we used to go to
all the time.
No, the DDR music games kind of, I don't know, they've kind of died off in popularity over
here on the West Coast.
Ouch.
Otherwise, there is an arcade, though, and they are pretty busy with Supernova and Extreme,
and I think Drum Mania V.
So how long is the con running?
How long is the con?
Tomorrow.
It ends tomorrow?
Yeah.
All right, well, make sure you go get your hands on Guilty Gear for us, and you can give
some impressions of it.
Definitely, definitely will.
All right.
Rama would like to clarify, Anime Expo is a trade show because their board of directors
are people from the anime industry, and they use Anime Expo to promote new titles more
than any other con.
Think of Anime Expo as the anime equivalent of E3, and Insanus adds to that, also, Anime
Expo sucks.
Well, that's an opinion, but you sound like you're having a lot of fun at the con, right?
Right, Jimmy?
All right, he just wants the QQ, give me a hand and come and do it.
All right, well, Jimmy, anything else you want to add about the convention?
If you can come next year, we can come hang out, I'll buy drinks.
Oh, hey, if there's drinks there, I'm there.
But I will be in SoCal for E for All, so we'll see you then.
All right, have a nice night, guys.
All right, later, buddy.
Thanks for the call.
Bye.
Bye.
Our roving reporter, Jimmy, also known as DJ Tyrant.
All right, let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's Radio.
Who's this?
It's GS68.
Hello, GS68.
What's on your mind, my friend?
First of all, it wasn't me calling before I met because my mic wasn't set up right.
It's all right.
We'll forgive you.
All right, you're the one, could you hear us yelling at you in Spanish and everything?
Yeah.
All right.
That's got to be embarrassing.
All right, well, now you're on.
What's on your mind?
First of all, I was eating cup noodles when rice persons were staying angry, so I had
to spit that out.
That is probably going to be one of those OLR taglines that's beaten into the ground,
but that's all right.
It is kind of funny.
I just hope nobody takes it the wrong way.
Like, I don't want, like, somebody who's, like, uninformed on this program to be all,
like, they use the word bag too much in their program.
Anyway, what else do you want to talk about tonight, GS68?
Yeah, I've been, like, on a Guitar Hero message board, I've been talking about the hyper speed
code lately and how some people think it's a cheat.
Like, what are your thoughts on it?
I do not know of the hyper speed code.
Give me a little background on this.
What's this about?
On the Guitar Hero 2 title screen, you press orange, blue, orange, yellow, orange, blue,
orange, yellow, and then it says cheat activated hyper speed.
And what exactly does that do to the game?
Does it make the songs run faster or something?
No, it makes the notes scroll faster.
It's kind of like times two speed in DDR or high speed in Beatmania.
Oh, okay, well, I don't know if that's cheating or not.
I mean, I guess maybe the developers intended it to be a cheat if that's what they're labeling
it as in the game, but I don't know, like, in Beatmania, I never considered that a cheat.
I mean, God, that's what you have to use to play some of those songs.
I don't know any other way.
But I don't know, maybe it is cheating, even in Beatmania, and for whatever reason the
community doesn't really look at it that way.
But I think they just never looked at it that way because it's always been considered a
modifier.
Yeah.
Because, like, people whose music gaming experience is one of the Guitar Hero, like, have never
heard of it being a mod, so when they saw that it was a cheat, they automatically thought
it was a cheat because it says cheat activated.
What are your thoughts on it?
Well, I think it's legit.
I mean, if you think it helps you, just use it.
I mean, it's been out of the money gates for years without question, so why call it cheating
now?
I mean, it's still the same notes, right?
Yeah.
And it's not going to help you beat Jordan on Expert, right?
Probably, probably not.
So what's the big freaking deal?
I mean, if you close your eyes and play the song, I mean, does Hyperspeed really make
a difference?
Well, if you close your eyes and play the song, is that how you have to beat Jordan
Expert?
Probably, huh?
Well, if you for some reason memorized the song, I mean...
I think if you've actually gone to the great extents to memorize Guitar Hero 2 songs, instead
of using the speed modifier, I would recommend you go outside.
I'm just messing.
Hypothetically speaking.
I know, I know.
Hey, people memorize the DDR songs, so why not the Guitar Hero songs?
It happens.
Yeah.
All right, well, any other thoughts, GS68?
No, that's pretty much it.
All right, well, thank you so much for the call, and have a great night, and thanks for
calling.
All right, thank you too.
All right, later.
Later.
All right, let's go to some more calls here on the Skype line, here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Let's go to this call.
Oops.
If I can, go to the next call.
The call I was just about to pick up dropped, live radio, boys and girls.
Good one, Rock.
Geez.
It happens all the fucking time.
Let's go to this call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
It'll be Dark Knight.
Hello, Dark Knight.
What's on your mind?
Nothing much.
Thought y'all would talk about Soul Calibur for a little bit.
I wanted to touch up on something I discussed last week.
Sure.
Soul Calibur IV online, good stuff.
What's up?
It's supposed to be like a side story game, Soul Calibur Legends.
Yes.
This is the game that's being created for the Nintendo Wii, if I remember right, right?
It's not side-scrolling, though.
It's just kind of a hack-and-slash.
Yeah.
Wasn't that how Mortal Kombat, what was that, Shallon Monks or whatever was kind of like
that?
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
That might be kind of cool.
I was thinking more of Tekken Force.
Oh, like one of the adventure modes that you get in the Tekken games?
I would say it looks more like the Mortal Kombat Shallon Monks games, because I know
Tekken Force is more like Final Fight or something like that.
Here's the only thing I care about, is Ivy in it, yes or no?
Yes.
Sold.
I think it's mostly reviving around Siegfried, I think, if I'm not mistaken.
All right.
Well, what else have you heard on the game?
Just early development details and whatnot, they had a picture on it on Kotaku.com, and
it just looked like a test shot, because all I saw was basically Siegfried swinging a sword
around a bunch of mummies.
I mean, I like the concept and all, so.
Is it the type of game you think you're going to buy?
I don't own a Wii, so.
Oh, you don't own a Wii?
I can't really answer that question.
Is that because you don't want one or because you can't find one?
Both.
I actually decided that I was going to go get a 360.
Ah, okay.
All right.
But that won't be until November's top with the office itself.
Well, you never know.
If you ever luck out, maybe the game will come out cross-platform.
Yeah, give it time and whatnot.
Another game I had on mind, but I think I just totally lost track.
Guitar Hero 80s.
I actually saw Dom's song, Glitz, and everything, and there are actually some decent songs that
I loved.
I don't know why some of y'all didn't like it.
Some of y'all wasn't liking some of the songs.
Yeah, what's your problem, Rice Princess?
Why didn't you like Guitar Hero's 80s editions?
What's your big issue?
Well, if I knew what any of the songs were, I might like it better.
I mean, listen to Butt Rock in the 80s.
That's just because you're a child.
How old are you, Rice Princess?
I'm a child.
I am not a child.
People in the chatroom are children.
How old are you?
72.
You're not 72, and you weren't born in 72.
73.
Come on, how old are you?
I'm 25.
25.
See, she's just a baby.
I am not a baby.
How could you call me a baby?
25 is not a baby.
How could you call me a baby?
If you're older than most of the people in the chatroom, you're not a baby.
You're a baby.
Do you remember Friendship Bracelets and Garbage Pail Kids?
Yeah.
Do you remember Slap Bracelets?
Yes, I do.
Yeah.
Those were pretty awesome.
And Hypercolor Shirts.
Yeah, I do.
Yeah, anyway.
All right.
Anyhow.
Well, then I don't know what her problem is.
She was just listening to the wrong kind of music in the 80s.
The wrong kind of music?
No, I don't.
I have to admit, I'm not that excited about the track list either, Dark Knight.
There's some songs that made me go, woohoo, but a lot of it kind of makes me go, hmm.
Not really a memorable song.
But what to you makes a song list great?
Convince us we're wrong.
Give me Stairway.
I mean, Turn the Japanese might be one.
But if I had the power to add a song, give me Stairway to Heaven.
I know exactly.
No stairway denied.
I know.
Wow.
All right.
Dark Knight, we've got to let you go.
Any last thoughts real quick?
Um, also, um, you need to start playing PSU again because, um, well, that's why you have
360.
You probably already got it.
But they recently gave out Sonic statues.
Really?
Everybody.
No, God, I haven't touched the game in forever, but I think my membership is still active
and I'm paying for it.
I just haven't gone into the game in forever.
So we'll see.
Yeah, everybody got a Sonic statue now.
It's you know what?
I pull me away from World of Warcraft, seriously.
And I feel like I know I'm going to get so much hate mail, like Rob, play a real game.
But I can't explain how addicting this game is and it's the social end of it completely
because of the fact that a lot of my friends play it.
It's not even really the game itself that I'm in love with.
I'm in love with Ventrilo.
That's my problem.
I'm not going to go into detail about the Ventrilo thing, but I mean, it is right now
the game is just, I think it's kind of winding down now because the expansion is coming.
Well I, it'll be, hopefully, hopefully the expansion will give it a good badly needed
kick in the pants because I would like to get back into some PSU.
Anyway, quick plug for my show because I do a show on This is Genius Radio, Dark Knight
Ninja Dojo on Thursday nights, welcome to join if you like, basically going to be talking
about this week, the iPhone.
Ooh, iPhone.
I saw one this week.
They're very pretty.
Well I will try to tune in and I think I'm supposed to be on the show this week or very
soon.
Yes?
Yes.
Yes.
I just have to double check my personal calendar, but I should be there.
Okay.
All right.
That's it.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
Thanks for calling.
Bye, folks.
All right.
Dark Knight here on Orange Launch Radio and everybody's got their own show these days.
I swear to God.
I swear to God.
No, it's all good though.
I like Dark Knight.
Hi, you're on.
I'm going to punch that guy in the face.
You know who you are.
Punch him in the ass.
You told me you fixed it.
Now that's another edit.
Ah, forget it.
I'm not going to edit that out.
Podcast listeners, you guys can deal with it.
Way to be lazy.
That was DMN, by the way.
If you want to hate somebody for blowing your ears out, that was Insanist, DMN, whatever
the hell your name is right now.
Love you.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Mushy Mushy.
Mushy Mushy?
No, it's relevant.
Oh, like you're saying hello.
I hear myself.
It's okay.
Sometimes there is a bit of an echo.
Identify yourself, please.
Nintendo Maniac 64.
Nintendo Maniac 64.
What's on your mind, my friend?
Well, dealing with the Japanese thing.
What was it?
You got a letter.
Is this your first Japanese listener on the show?
Is that a letter in the book?
No, I think Peekers.
Peekers.
Peekers.
Peekers.
Peekers.
Peekers.
Peekers.
Peekers.
Peekers.
Peekers.
And also I think Peeker Uno is also in Japan from my following him on Twitter.
Because I actually have a Twitter account.
And some of the listeners have me added on there as Sky on Twitter.
And I picked up the He's in Japan.
Who is the really Japanese, though?
I haven't the foggiest idea, but I'm sure I'm going to get a Twitter about it now.
The message is Japanese.
Actually, I've looked at the statistics.
We do have some Japanese listeners.
We have listeners all over the world, just not all of them are vocal.
But I understand.
lot of effort to write an email so I you know no expectations but I don't think
this guy's the first one but he's the first email I can recall getting from
Japan but we have had emails from other parts of Asia okay so other than that
uh oh yeah you know I returned out earlier with the it was like a bad were
some wording that one like brain-age knockoff game or something yeah mind
quiz yeah did you see the image link that said you had the actual the phrase
and stuff in it I did thank you so yes we did find out and confirm that the
word is well I can't say it because it's bad spastic oh my god Loki now we're
gonna have to put an explicit tag on the show you bastard ah so I don't know
well I don't know cuz culturally over here that's not really a bad word but I
suppose you know if the game had called me a fag I may not like wait you know
who we could ask wait no wait where's a bad word in England yes we can ask
station I think he's listening I don't see him in not listening to your show
sleeping is red kind of late over there in Britain right now so we don't have a
lot of I'll ask him all right you do that call him a spastic and sees what
happens oh no you might make me number two on his myspace anyway I love how
rice princess biggest concern in the world is that OMG I might get demoted in
the top eight on myspace yeah pretty much get a life woman I can't with my
they're gonna happen you know you're instantly well orange launch radio has a
myspace so I can't I can't complain too much all right internal maniac anything
else on your mind yeah I finally finally got time splitters to I've been trying
to find it forever I got it and that smashing glass level it's like but I got
golden in like I think like an hour or something like what you think like how
it gets really hard like it gets harder as you pass through some of the levels
in there what exactly do you do in this level well there's like they have
different levels like breaking stuff usually it'll be with a brick or
something and you have to smash windows and you have to throw a brick through it
and it's it's pretty hard you have to go through and other way all right well
we're gonna go ahead and let you go buddy but thanks so much for giving us
a call and enjoy time splitters okay yeah all right black later but all right
well that's gonna do it tonight for the skype line sorry to those calls we
didn't get to we did have a lot of calls coming through but we have a lot we've
been on the air quite a while now we got to wrap things up so let's go around now
since there's no last-minute stories we're gonna go around and get everybody
no no that's not the case oh you found something of course I was taking the
time to pull up the stories go for it and the rumor is apparently beautiful
katamari is gonna be skipping the PlayStation 3 and going straight to the
Wii and it's supposed to be coming out next year on the Wii I'll be honest
though I would say it's coming out in both fiscal year 2008 that's just my
guess though didn't you get in trouble for that once before no I'm guessing I
don't know okay but I would if I were to guess I would say it's coming fiscal
year I honestly don't give a fuck anymore I sure I don't give a fuck let
the game come out wherever it's gonna come out and maybe I'll buy it if it's
not just a copy of the first game exactly um anyways so some other stuff
that's gonna be interesting this was kind of a surprise to me although this
is one of the only films of his I'm gonna go see postal is being being
called what the hell my microphone went out there for a second no I turned the
audio and sorry you're fine anyways postal is being called one of the best
films and apparently it got standing ovations at cans which is very
surprising but um I don't know everybody at the can film festival is on ecstasy
apparently it says anyways it says we've all calls it his final statement he says
you can make you can't make a more radical movie there is no way you can
ignore postal it's one of the funniest and most important films of lack of the
last decade it is one of the best films of all times of course this is a wee
bull talking about himself were they giving it a standing ovation because they
got to leave maybe I don't know I think it looks cheesy I know it's gonna be
offensive that's you know that's it a dark tetsuya says or was a way bold just
dreaming the whole thing yeah he might have been some other interesting stuff
on game that's been announced to be coming to the Wii is called the blob
which apparently is going to be kind of similar it was a there was actually a
contest it was involved a student project it's kind of a cross between
katamari and I guess I don't know you paint buildings with this giant blob of
paint and roll it around and stuff so it looks kind of neat will the game also
feature a boy no so it can be a boy in his blob get it yeah I got oh my god and
then real quick some of the virtual console games coming out here in the
next few weeks at least it's her graphic 16 stuff this ought to make Christopher
happy but let's see it's got to be devil's devil's crush I knew it
Arizona and drop-off and silent debuggers where the fuck is splatter
house spider-house came out I thought already did it yeah well shit I need to
go back and get it it's been out for a while every letter house kind of sucked
exactly maybe I maybe I skipped over a conversation before did we yeah mine and
then of course if you are pre-ordering your eternal sonata at GameStop you
will be receiving one of these wonderful faceplate oh my god those things are
going away I want to see you want to see they are gorgeous he's one of five
custom faceplates for eternal Sonata for your 360 I never pre-order games this
might be make me do it do you get to pick which one though I don't know yet
huh those are beautiful all right that's it all right so now we can go around and
get everybody's final thoughts and we'll start with rice princess who's been oh so
quiet tonight but thank you for being here for your moral support from the
less oh you're welcome and what's your final thought I don't know I don't have
anything fag your anger all right thank you
low-key what's your final thought my final thought is I get a kitty this week
my my final thought is now I'm craving in and out burger after watching rice
princess stuff one down her face so I really wanted an out burger now thank
you very much for making me crave that totally welcome they're not healthy I
know so I got it thank you guys for supporting and tuning into independent
radio as always we really appreciate the support and hey if you like orange
orange radio tell to your friends as if you tell two friends and slowly but
surely we take over the entire world and viva la independent podcasting thank you
guys very much we'll see you next week Jamie should be back and a whole lot
more gaming news for you as we ramp up for e3 next weekend here on orange
lounge radio see them you've been listening to orange lounge radio orange
lounge radio is orange lounge production for more information on our live and
podcast program visit our website at www.orange lounge radio.com see you next
week
