Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio here on this lovely Sunday evening.
We are here for this Part B of our show and we're going to get right back into the gaming
news.
Just a reminder, we won't be here next week because we are relocating to a new place,
which is code word for I'm moving, and Dark Soccer is going to Disneyland, and Loki's
just taking a night off because he gets one.
If the studio doesn't have good ventilation, I'm buying a wall unit.
I'm not even joking.
I will have to fight the cats in the deck.
Or then we'll move it to your house.
No, because the room that the computer is in also has poor ventilation and a bunch of
stuff in it.
Stuff.
We got a laser pointer for the cat.
You got a laser pointer for the cat?
Or to point at the cat?
To point at the cat.
Oh, I thought maybe you were going to strap a laser pointer onto the cat's head.
They have those.
So you can get a cat with a freaking laser on it.
That's dangerous.
You get a cat with a freaking laser on it and say, alright, come on, let's get back
to the gaming news.
Somebody, quick, start us off.
Anyways.
Pac-Man.
No Pac-Man.
Aww.
So, yeah, it's kind of interesting with the whole announcement with the Wii Fit board.
We kind of talked about this a little bit last week.
Possible other usage for the board, actually, like in, say, a snowboarding game or skateboarding
or whatnot.
But one company that's looking at possibly doing something with it is actually Square
Enix.
And they kind of were saying, they were intrigued by the idea of using weight and balance to
control games.
So possibly, you know, using that in an upcoming RPG.
So that's kind of interesting.
How exactly would you use weight and balance in an RPG?
I have no idea.
Maybe the longer you stand on one foot, the more health you have.
No.
As soon as you fall, oh, zero.
Maybe dodging or something.
I don't know.
I don't see anything like that.
I think it would be good for just like sports games.
Like the next, you know, SSX game or whatever.
Just have that as an optional control method.
Or what we all need, a jump hoping game.
Oh, God.
That one game they have at Dave and Buster's.
That horrible game with the music.
That's what they need.
That jumping rope.
I can't remember what the name of it is.
I'm sure somebody in the chat will yell it out that was there.
I want to play.
What are you talking about?
It's funny.
I don't know.
It's not at our Dave and Buster's, is it?
Thank you.
SSJ100Matt says jump in jackpot.
That's what it's called.
I want to play something where you jump around to music.
I've never done that before.
It's totally by the people that do Flame and Finger.
Oh, then it has to be good.
It's the same soundtrack?
It's similar.
Similar stuff.
Oh, my God.
I love Flame and Finger's soundtrack.
It's so good.
Well, anyway, hold on.
Jump in jackpot is not a role-playing game, so I'm trying to figure out how this could
tie into a role-playing game.
It just doesn't make sense.
Could be for your character walking around, I would assume.
But I don't want to stand when I play a game like Final Fantasy.
Final Fantasy is a game for me to sit on my big butt on the couch and play.
Maybe you could sit on the Wii Fit board and lean back and forth.
Now that I could do.
Plant the Wii Fit board firmly under your large ass.
Lean left to cast black magic.
Lean right to cast white magic.
I don't know.
Silly.
Well, one game that won't be using the Wii Fit board or any Wii peripheral for that matter
is Project Hammer.
This is going back and forth, though.
Some people...
Now, there's an earlier report earlier this week that says Project Hammer is not being
canceled.
That people were just kind of blowing it out of proportion.
There was a spokesperson that was actually at E3 that said, disaster is still under development,
speaking about disaster day of crisis.
We've shifted development resources from Project Hammer.
You may hear about it in the future, but it's off the schedule for now.
Then there was a report on Dig today that said that Project Hammer was gone.
I couldn't tell if it was a misinterpretation of the story or what was going on.
Have you heard anything about Project Hammer?
No, but it's impossible that they misinterpreted the story.
There was one also about that Wii Fit board story.
They were saying, oh my God, they're going to make Final Fantasy Fit, an exercise game,
but they were being sarcastic in the interview because they're like, are you guys going to
make a Final Fantasy Health fitness game?
They're all, no, but we'd more likely use it for an upcoming RPG or something.
Maybe after that, then we'll work on Final Fantasy Fitness.
Being sarcastic and people took it as like, oh my God, they're working on Final Fantasy
Fitness.
It's like, no, it's sarcasm.
Look it up people, what's sarcasm?
I don't know, what is it?
How about some other stuff?
Other stuff?
Well, for those who are keeping track of the numbers, well, the Wii is about ready to kick
the pants off of the Xbox 360.
As far as sales go worldwide, Xbox 360 is sold 10.08 million units.
The Wii is at 9.05 million and PS3 is at 3.63 million.
I think it's great that the Wii is just a million short of the Xbox 360 for having been
up for a shorter amount of time.
As far as the DS, it's 44.97 million units versus the PSP's 22.15 million.
I wouldn't have thought there's more PSPs out there than Xbox 360s though, but then
again, the PSP has been out a long time.
Well, more people are going to want to go for the handhelds anyway.
I guess I forget about families and stuff where every kid has to have their own DS or
their own PSP or whatever it is, you know.
Mommy, he won't give me my game.
That
Exactly that.
Hence why I don't breed.
Do you think that the Wii is going to overtake the 360 very soon?
Yes.
It's already proven.
It all depends.
It probably will just because they keep selling at a consistent rate, but at the same time,
we don't know what Microsoft has up their sleeves and obviously they're not just going
to let them take the top spot.
If you look at it this way, the Xbox 360, as I'm aware, should already be on a slight
decline ever since it reached the peak unless, of course, they come out because I don't really
think that the new units are going to be much of a reason to go buy a new one.
But the Wii, however, it's really, really sort of a wildfire kind of thing.
The more people that are getting it, the more they're telling other people and it really
appeals to much broader demographics.
Microsoft does have Halo 3 in the wings and that's going to move us a little bit.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Next.
We have some comments from our chat room, chat.orangelandtrady.com.
We love having the folks talking here.
Dr. Foeve says, that's not fair.
If the 360 in PlayStation 3 was $249, it would destroy the Wii's numbers.
But it's not.
I mean, that's kind of like part of the charm of the Wii and the reason why a lot of families
and soccer moms are going for it is not just the whole like, oh, my kids can get up and
move around and so can I.
But it's cheap.
It's cheap on the market.
I'm considering the hit for people who care about that, which I'm really not, but people
who care about their graphical quality, the Wii is really not as big of a graphic powerhouse
as the Xbox 360 or the PS3 will be.
But then again, the people who are playing the Wii are the people who actually like to
play a good game.
Well, I don't know.
I would say care more about game play than they do about how it looks.
But see, there's very few good games on the Wii.
I mean, you got Zelda, yes, but after that, I mean, there's not a lot of like...
Games.
But most of them are like mini games, a lot, a lot, a lot.
You know what I mean?
Over and over.
No, there's actual games.
Like maybe Trauma Center, but there's not a lot of like long-lasting type games.
Even Cookin' Mama lost its thrill for me.
It was more of a DS game for me.
By the way, I need to borrow that.
There it is.
Anyways, well, PlayStation 3 may be dead last in the whole thing, but at least they have
something to brag about.
Other than that, it would be that they're selling twice as many PlayStation 3s in Japan
than they are Xbox 360s.
Of course, they've reached their 1 million mark in Japan, and Microsoft is still trailing
behind.
But it's only going to get stronger, I guess, with releases from both companies can actually
be pretty good in Japan, I think.
See there's Microsoft's real problem, because in that last story, we were looking at the
worldwide numbers, where the Wii is starting to overtake the 360.
Well, the reason why the 360 has not had a further gap on the Wii is because it's still
not cracking the market in Japan, which is interesting, because they've had games like
Blue Dragon now for a little bit, and did Eternal Sonata come out there finally?
I think it did, or Trusty Bell, whatever it's called.
These games are not moving as many units as folks thought it would.
So I think that's the 360's biggest problem when you're going to look at the worldwide
numbers is that they still cannot crack Japan.
Well, they have 2.5 million Wiis in Japan as well, so, you know, whereas they may be
outselling the 360, they're still not number one.
But I don't know, Japan is an important market, it's not the largest market, though, and if
they're looking for numbers, I mean, I still think they need to focus, I guess, on the
U.S. and the U.K.
Well, who knows, maybe these will help move some Xboxes, but probably not.
Some new demos are out on the Xbox Live Marketplace, and the demos are for Juiced 2, because you
know the Japanese love their Juiced, and FlatOut Ultimate Carnage, because I think that's big
over there in Tokyo as well.
It's going to be in the U.K., actually, the FlatOut one, which reminds me, I need to get
a U.K. account so I can download that, because I love me some FlatOut.
Well, those games are actually, it's funny, because actually the demo for Juiced 2 is
actually not available in Japan, so that won't move any units over there.
FlatOut Racing, by the way, is only available in Europe, as Loki already referred to.
These are new racing games coming out, because, you know, if there's one thing the Xbox 360
is completely lacking, it's racing games.
Now, now, FlatOut, though, you would like FlatOut, because FlatOut is a little bit like
Burnout, except it's not as fast, but if you crash, you can eject your driver through the
windshield.
Ooh, I might have to try this.
Okay, I will download this demo.
I like the idea of an eject button.
Well, speaking of eject, but here's the best part about it, Rob, they have a whole set
of mini-games based around ejecting the driver out, including basketball, bowling, high jump,
all sorts of things.
Can I eject him into a wall of pillows?
Uh-huh.
Amazing.
How about a stack of Twinkies?
Instead of a cream filling, it's a blood filling.
Ew.
Well, Xbox, poor, poor Microsoft.
At the report for the end of their fiscal year for June 30th, they reported a 1.9 billion
dollar loss.
1.2 billion was from the fourth quarter when they said, hey, guess what, the Red Ring of
Death are bad.
However, they're expecting to hopefully redeem themselves soon, I don't know, we'll see.
Well...
Maybe they'll drop the price for real?
I think that's what's coming, and I think when we talk about that whole sales thing
earlier, I think a price drop is coming, definitely before Christmas, probably about the time
Halo 3 is.
They're gonna bank way too much on Halo 3, pulling in money, and the sad thing is that
I think they will.
I know, I'm like, it's actually probably what's best for them.
But they're not just banking on Halo 3, there's Halo 3, Project Author Racing 4, Mass Effect,
Grand Theft Auto 4, all those big titles that are...
Eternal Sonata is the game I'm most excited about, sadly, out of everything.
There's a huge lineup, they're not all banking just on Halo 3.
Carcassonne 2?
But Sonya's doing the same thing, they've got a pretty good lineup for the fall, just
there isn't as much.
Well how does this whole Red Rings thing ultimately impact Microsoft?
Well, it's already impacted them.
They're having to extend all those warranties on top of it, you know.
Yeah, they're gonna have to sell millions more systems.
That's money out of their pocket.
Well it's not getting any better for them.
Should've done it right the first time, hi!
They're gonna greenlight Halo 4 now.
They're phasing a second class action lawsuit regarding the scratched disc issue, and really,
you know, they are to blame for this, I mean, it's such a simple fix.
The issue comes from people jiggling the Xbox 360 while the disc is spinning, causing the
actual laser to scratch a nice little ring into the disc.
Why would you pick up your Xbox 360 and shake it while the disc is moving?
Here's why.
Maybe you think it's a baby.
A lot of people are fascinated by, there's a little mercury switch in there that when
you tilt your 360, whether it's upright or laying flat, the rings always face, like the
one player ring will stay in the top corner.
Did you say people are fascinated by the mercury switch?
Yes.
People are retarded, okay?
Because anybody that's either knocked this thing over or for whatever reason, just playing
the 360 will not scratch your discs.
You have to be doing something wrong for it to scratch your discs, and what's even worse
about it is the whole thing could've been fixed with just a few little pads of foam
in there.
We're just not shaking your Xbox 360 to watch the light tip up and down, or take the disc
out if you're gonna do that.
Or even better, just, you know, I don't know, don't be retarded with it.
And yeah, the chatroom agrees over at chat.orangetalk.com.
Blaze says, well, people shouldn't be dumb shits and do stupid things like that.
And Son of Dad thinks it happens because there's candy inside.
It's like a pinata, you shake it.
Viva pinata, I get it.
You're especially funny tonight, Miklata.
I'm always funny when I talk, over, over.
Blaze says, I've had my 360 get knocked over on me.
It looked like a stapler got shot into the disc 20 times.
I thought when I first read that, I thought he said that's what he did to the person that
knocked it over.
He shot a stapler into him 20 times.
I'm thinking that would hurt.
That reminds me of that scene in the UHF where he shoots him with the staple gun.
See, that's the thing, though.
I don't understand how, okay, granted, it should've been fixed.
The foam in there couldn't have cost less than a dollar to fix this thing.
I don't know why...
That's a whole dollar.
It's less than a dollar, okay, to fix this.
I don't know why they didn't, but for whatever reason, they didn't.
Either way, though, still, don't jiggle the machine.
It says in the manual not to do it, but then again, the Wii manual says not to throw it
through your TV, and people do that anyway, so I guess, you know...
They want to sue Nintendo.
The Wii broke my TV because it doesn't bounce.
I guess, you know, it's like, I don't know what you got to do.
Walk these people through how to handle their console.
Don't shake the console.
It doesn't like it.
It will scratch your disc.
Have you ever seen those posters like Downtown when you're driving or whatever that says
don't shake your baby?
A message from the...
Actually, the headquarters for that is right by where I work, and after talking with some
of those people, no, because the whole thing started because a nanny shaped this guy's
baby and killed her.
Oh my God.
I mean, it's sad.
I'm not trying to make light of it, but you have to admit it's fascinating that there
is a headquarters dedicated to not shaking babies.
It's like, dude, common sense.
You're dealing with somebody who is not fully developed.
Why would you shake them?
Well, the Xbox 360 is not fully developed either, so don't shake it.
I want to work for that company and work in their product test support and see if one
day they make a model of a baby that can be shaking.
Heart babies.
I like them when they're quiet.
I like them with a straw in their head to drink.
What is wrong with you?
So real quick...
Seriously?
Video games, Rob.
Back to video games.
Is video games what caused you to be so violent?
I would, however, like to encourage our listeners to go to DontShakeYourBaby.com.
Just don't shake babies, and don't shake Xbox 360s, and while you're at it, just don't
shake people or things in general unless they're stupid and then throttle them, or unless it's
a can of Coke that you're about to hand to your friend to watch them open.
That is funny.
Nothing else is.
You can shake your booty.
Well, yes, and watch me shake my ass right now.
Here's the better part.
That's the whole thing.
Right in front of my face, though.
Thank you.
The plaintiff to this whole case, Christine Moskowitz, she says she was displeased when
the Xbox 360 she purchased for her son wrote copies of Gears of War, Crackdown, and Saints
Row.
A second plaintiff, Dan Wood, claimed that his system ruined Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell
disc.
Okay, she purchased it for her son.
How old is her son?
Because I think those are all M-rated games.
Hmm?
Hmm?
Yeah.
Anyways, I'm sorry, assuming that he is the proper age to use or to play those games,
I'm sorry, wouldn't you learn, hmm, shaking it broke one of my games.
Maybe I shouldn't do that.
What's that grinding noise?
Instead, he's like, hmm, I'll put a different disc in there.
Hmm, it makes the noise again.
Oh, we better sue them because we're at $150.
Boo-fucking-hoo.
I think this calls for an Orange Lounge Radio Public Service Announcement, so if we may,
let's bring on an Orange Lounge Radio Public Service Announcement.
Camera please.
Alright, thank you.
Ready?
Lights, camera, and action.
Hi, this is Rob Roberts from Orange Lounge Radio reminding you not to shake your Xbox
360 because if you do, then you deserve to have your $60 games broke down on you.
Also, please don't shake children.
That was the worst public service announcement ever.
Can we get back into stories, please?
No.
Well, the next story is mine.
Okay, fine.
Let's talk about Metal Gear Solid 4 on the Xbox 360.
That's okay, never mind.
No, seriously.
Seriously, I know.
I don't know why I'm bringing this up, but Metal Gear Solid 4 again is rumored to go
on the Xbox 360, and I'm thinking, did they just not have E3 happen, and did they not
just reconfirm that the game is going to be a PS3 exclusive and all this, blah, blah,
blah?
Well, the official Xbox Magazine comes out and says that it's going to be coming to the
Xbox 360 a few months after the PlayStation 3 version, and this is just after Kazumi Kitawe
said at E3, since Metal Gear Solid was born for the PlayStation, we'd like to keep it
as a PlayStation game, but we might have to take some steps, and that's the whole reason
why people are thinking again it's coming to the Xbox 360.
I'm just thinking, let it go!
Let it go!
Here's the other thing, though.
To argue for it coming to the 360, hasn't everything that Sony's basically told...
I know this is not Sony, but they're speaking for the Sony platform, I guess.
Hasn't everything that they've denied come true anyways?
And granted, they probably don't want to make an announcement that it's actually coming
out for Xbox 360, because then that pretty much shoots their chance for an actual really
good exclusive game coming to their platform.
I'm just bothered by the fact that they can't get away from this, and this comes up a week
after E3, when they got up there and reaffirmed it's coming out for PlayStation 3 only.
If they do have plans for the Xbox 360, it's going to be a huge time difference in the
releases, because I don't think they'll bring it out until the PlayStation 3 has proved
it can't sell the copies that Konami wants it to sell.
So I don't know.
I just get very bothered by all these constant, like every week there's some new stupid rumor
about Metal Gear Solid 4 around all the different game blogs.
And if I'm wrong, I'm wrong.
But I mean, it's going to be a long time after the release of the initial game, right?
If it does happen, it'll be a long time after, right?
Right.
I think so.
When I have to read the same news story four, five times across the scope of a couple months
just because some stupid rumor ignites all the blogs around the world, I get angsty.
I don't know about the rest of you, but it seems like no better time to bring out the
FUs of the Week.
Jamie, start us off please with the FUs of the Week.
I actually have a two-part one because one's related to the other.
First of all, I'd like to say FU to laminate flooring because, okay, this is how I broke
my ribs.
Okay.
I had just got back from the gym and I stepped into the tub.
I did not even sit down.
I just stepped into the tub and my phone rang.
So I stepped out, dried off my feet.
I made sure to dry off my feet, stepped into the hallway and down I went.
And I fell sort of skewed with my elbow into my side and I banged my knee really hard and
I thought that all I hurt was my knee.
The next morning I woke up and my ribs were blue and I hurt quite a bit.
So I went to the doctor that day and he put me in a lot of Vicodin.
And I'm fully functional on Vicodin.
I can go to my job and do my work and I'm fine as long as I'm focused on one thing.
But when I take it, I can't really do...
I'm not the multitasker I normally am and Rob, you know how I do 50 million things at
once.
I don't pay attention to that many things.
So I was in a conversation with somebody who is a wonderful, funny person, very nice person
who I think takes things a little too personally sometimes.
She linked me to this product that I didn't think was very funny.
It's a bird feeder that flings squirrels off.
That's sad for squirrels.
I know squirrels.
Well, see, that's what I thought.
I like squirrels better than birds.
And I thought it was funny, I thought it was a good product as long as it doesn't hurt
the poor squirrels.
How about a bird feeder that flings birds off?
That would be funny.
That would be great.
I like birds though, too.
I used to actually buy bird feeders that squirrels could get on and I would put nuts in it.
Or a bird feeder that kicks them in the nuts.
No, no, let me finish, okay?
And so, it's just like, sorry for offending you and slide off.
I'm not saying I'm who it is because I'm a nice person.
But it's, I was like, dude, if I wasn't, I wasn't offended and I was offended now, you
know what I mean?
It's like, first of all, everybody, when you're dealing with people, don't fucking make assumptions
about how they feel.
Ask them first, how do you feel?
All you're going to do is piss them off and, you know, cause drama that doesn't need to
be caused.
You need to not, people need to not be afraid to ask someone how they feel.
Don't make assumptions.
All it does is make an ass out of you and only you, okay?
You know, I think that it's just this whole, oh, I don't want to offend people and I don't
want to, well then fucking ask.
You know, what's the worst thing they're going to say?
Oh, you know, I don't feel all that great about it right now and if they don't want
to talk about it, they'll fucking tell you I don't want to talk about it right now and
respect it.
You know, don't just assume because then I've been, you know, pissed off now for three days
over this and you know, I'm a good, I'm a good person, I think I'm a good person, you
know.
Don't you think I'm a good person?
Yeah, okay.
But I just think that, you know, instead of worrying about, you know, kid gloves and stepping
on toes, if you don't want to step on toes, ask them where their toes are so that you
don't step on them.
That's what I think.
Good?
All finished?
I think that I was fairly, um, I had tact in my words, don't you think?
I was going to say tactical, but that's what you're trying to kill people.
Okay, we got to keep it going.
Loki, your FU is the weed.
FU to paper Mario sucking.
Why did I spend $10 on that?
My FU of the week goes to Shane, um, because he was plotting against me in the beginning
of Survivor LJ to get me kicked out and, uh, you're, you're a jerk.
Still does.
Hey, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Whoa.
I get FU, right?
Yes.
Your turn.
F U.
Oh, crap.
I had one.
Where did it go?
Okay.
I have two FUs.
One I can remember, then I'll come up with the other one in a second.
FU to Europe or the UK or whatever, because they got that location test for the Silent
Hill Arcade game and it looks really sweet and I want to play it so bad, um, and I'm
not going to fly over there to play it, but maybe I will someday.
And then FU to, um, next, not this coming Tuesday, but next Tuesday, because it'll be
the final day of the Konami San Francisco offices, and that'll be the end of that.
Okay.
That's that.
All done with the FUs of the week.
Let's move on and back into the gaming news, then.
Well, and this makes me kind of laugh because it's kind of a stupid name, but there's
a new princess for Super Mario Galaxies that they have, uh, seen, uh, in Famitsu scans
named Rosetta, and I just want to, I think Stone instantly, because you know the Rosetta
Stone was a big translator thing.
Anyway.
So, she used to hang out with Daisy and Peach and, and, watch your face, who wasn't even
a princess from the first game, Pauline.
She was a princess, she was just some hoochie from New York, so she doesn't need to be
the princesses.
Pauline.
She's not good enough to be a princess, she's just a hooker.
Pauline wasn't in, uh, the Super Mario Brothers movie, was she?
She's Donkey Kong.
I don't think so.
She's just Donkey Kong.
She's Mario Brothers First Love.
And that's when he found out his, that Peach would put out, I guess, I don't know.
But, um, she's, she's, I guess, pretty.
If you like, you know, dumb blondes, I guess, no, I don't know.
Well, fear not, folks, um, we talked a little bit about the Wii Balance Board and Part A,
but, um, Nintendo has come out to promise that there will be, they will be making more
Balance Board based games, so it's, you're not going to be buying this thing for only
one game.
Hooray!
What else are they developing?
Have they said anything?
No!
They did not.
They just said, yeah, we're working on stuff.
Gee, could it possibly be, I don't know, another game that involves a lot of mini games?
Possibly, and I'm going to guess, uh, the next WarioWare game.
Oh, God, probably.
That would make sense.
That might be fun, though.
I did like WarioWare on the Wii, I'll give you that.
Well, this might be kind of fun on the Wii as well, even though I already own this game
on the Xbox 360, but Rockstar Table Tennis is coming out for the Wii.
Rockstar has confirmed that the game is coming out, but that's really about it.
It's just saying that the game is coming, it will take full advantage of the Wii Remote
and everything that comes with that, and, uh, there's another quote here, quote, a new
audience can now experience a game that is beautifully designed and impossible to put
down.
Rockstar Table Tennis was kind of one of those early hits on the Xbox 360, one of the earlier
games I enjoy, but it would be interesting to see how the game mechanics are going to
change on the Wii.
As long as they had the Nunchuck part actually move you, and the Wiimote beard, with a paddle,
is that what it's called?
Yeah.
Then I don't see any problem with it.
It should be actually pretty fun.
I wonder how this is going to work with the different spins that you put on your ball,
because that was a big part of the game, was that you had to look at the tiny little, the
ball that was coming at you, and the tiny color that surrounded it so you could tell
what way it was spinning, and then you counter with different types of spins.
Maybe hold down an A button when you do it, or the this button back here that you guys
can see me pointing at with my imaginary Wiimote.
I don't know which one this is called anymore because I don't own a Wii anymore.
Why did you get rid of your Wii?
Because I didn't play it.
I let it stay broken for like five months.
Who'd you sell it to?
How'd you sell it?
I had a friend of a friend that wanted one, so I was like, give me money, I'll give you
this Wii.
But wasn't it a broken Wii?
Like you had to send it back to Nintendo?
I sent it back to Nintendo.
They gave me a brand new one completely.
Oh, okay.
So.
So you sold your friend a brand new Wii?
Yes.
Amazing.
Just like how I sold my friend my 360 one time, and like a month later it got the Red
Rings of Death.
I felt really happy about that because I avoided it.
You are evil.
Yes.
All right.
Well, I'll definitely check out the game when it comes to the Wii, but I don't know if I
want to spend all that money on it.
That's why I wish the Wii had demos.
But if they had demos, then how would they get you to buy $10 games for Nintendo 64 on
it?
Good question.
Maybe you should have played them when they originally came out, then you would know if
they sucked or not.
But I can get videos on Nintendo.com.
Great.
I can watch YouTube.
So guess what?
What?
Atari likes horses, and people who love horses.
They're coming out with a game called My Horse and Me for Wii DS and PC that, from what I
can understand, it's a horse-raising and riding simulation.
Ride them horses, huh?
Well, they're basically, and there's a quote on here saying, we're looking forward to providing
the horse-enthusiastic community with a rich and authentic game that allows gamers to take
care of and complete a variety of challenges with their horse.
Is there a big cross-section of the population that are horse enthusiasts and video game
players?
I know, but they're the same type that play video games?
I know a person who's a horse enthusiast who loves video games, and she likes playing Guitar
Hero Drunk.
One.
So you know one.
Out of all the horse games, though, out there, you should consider this one, because the
game features the most accurate horse models and animations yet realized in a video game.
I think I would play it.
Take that, Final Furlong.
You know what I say to this game?
Nay.
I think I'm going to get the game.
I really think I'll play it.
Well, have fun.
Can you whip the horse with a Wiimote?
That might make me change my mind.
That might be kind of fun.
Maybe.
And then I can name the horse Britney Spears, and I can whip Britney Spears, just like it
was Derby Owners Club.
I love Derby Owners Club, okay?
I know you do.
There you go.
The Rob D says, you know, I've always been begging the video game industry for accurate
horse physics.
I'm glad they listened.
I have a feeling that might be some of that sarcasm thing somebody was talking about earlier.
I don't know.
Possibly.
Anyways, another game coming out by Take-Two and Rockstar, Bully.
The scholarship edition is now coming to the Xbox 360 and the Wii.
So, you know, you thought before that you may be able to get your, you know, Grand Theft
Auto on on the Wii with Manhunt 2.
Hopefully you'll be able to get your Bully on, I guess, with the Wii sooner than that.
But I don't know.
It got a teen rating before.
I don't see why we get any more than a teen rating now.
I'm looking forward to maybe picking this up on the 360.
Yeah, I'm kind of glad I missed it the last round on the PlayStation 2, because I was
so immersed in my 360 at that time.
I'm kind of glad they are going to put it on 360 after all, so I can play it in high
def and widescreen and all that good stuff.
And I believe it will have new content as well for it, so...
More guys to make out with?
Yes, more guys to make out with.
Hooray!
Imagine what you could do with the Wii mode.
I don't know, Miklotov.
What?
You could write on the chalkboards.
Oh, okay.
You could.
What were you thinking?
I don't know.
Geez.
That's why I had to ask.
Well, also coming out for the Xbox 360 is Guilty Gear 2 Overture.
But here's the interesting thing.
It's not supposed to be a fighting game.
Basically in the latest issue of Famitsu Magazine, Guilty Gear 2 Overture was revealed to be
a game a lot more like Soul Calibur Legends.
It's an action title and also has a little bit of adventure thrown in for good measure.
It's not a fighting game, but who cares?
I'm sure a lot of fans of Guilty Gear are going to eat this up anyway, right?
It does our soul bad guy.
Soul is awesome.
I love Soul Bad Guy.
Soul Bad Guy is great.
And Soul's going to be in there with a newcomer named Sin.
Who looks like Kai, but who to that?
I liked Eno.
I was a fan of Zappa, love Zappa.
And I love Faust.
Oh, yeah.
Faust, of course.
I like Venom too.
And I'm sad though, because this is before I lost all that weight, as I cosplayed Biken,
which Dan didn't like because of like, you know, boob.
But I found a Faust cosplayer that same year.
That's awesome.
Did he rape you with his scalpel, like in the game?
I actually did hit him with the claw by accident, but I had to give the claw back to Evan because
it was part of his toys.
I won't say anything else.
I'll tell you off of the show.
Okay.
There you go then.
Ah!
I'm glad you didn't say that on a mic.
I'm kind of disappointed.
Hey, is it my turn again?
Yes, it is your turn again.
Speaking of all things devilish, there is a Capcom 2D fighting game called Sengoku Basara
X, or I should say pronounced as Cross, but it's a Devil Kings fighting game.
It is actually based on, well Devil Kings is the name it's known by in North America.
You get the Devil Kings, Scorpio, Azure Dragon, Forced, and Iron Ox, at least what their names
are in the U.S.
But the game's supposed to hit arcades in Japan this winter.
I'm looking forward to that.
I know the series.
I'm surprised to see that they're actually making that into a fighting game.
I don't think there was that many characters, but it can't be any worse than the actual
Devil Kings game.
So yeah, there's this rumor going around before about Halo on the DS, and it was interesting
because I believe they did get Bungie's Brian Gerard to comment on it.
Apparently, there is such a thing, I guess, in concept.
People have made concept versions of the game to pitch to them, but nothing, obviously,
has come out.
So they're saying, Microsoft, of course, doesn't publish any DS games or license them.
So I don't know, will it ever get created?
Who knows.
But, argument's sake, there are a few different versions of Halo for the DS out there.
Like what is created as jokes or what?
Like pitching, like, hey, we want to bring Halo to the DS.
Here's what we can do with it, and then showing them off again.
What's the problem if Microsoft never plans to get into the handheld market?
What's the problem?
There's 44 million DSs out there to sell product to.
Who says it won't happen at some point?
It'd be weird.
It'd be very weird.
I kind of think, though, a little bit like, I don't know if it's a good thing because
I mean, look at the last time they tried something like that with the CDI, remember the Mario
and the...
Oh, yes.
Wanda Gamelan and all that stuff.
All the games.
Yeah.
But, I mean, hey, I wish that that would kind of happen because that'd be pretty awesome.
You know, have Nintendo developing games for the Xbox 360 that are a little bit higher
end and then have Microsoft developing stuff for the DS.
That'd be pretty cool.
Good stuff.
All right.
Well, moving back over to the Xbox 360, which, of course, is where the Halo series will soon
show up, what's going on is that there is actually a new hack out there.
The Xbox hacker forums have stated that the Xbox 360's DVD key and game region code can
now be altered to break down the region locks for some games.
Here's a quote from the person who did it, I successfully changed the DVD key and region
code of a 360, so it's all confirmed.
All I did towards this was to reverse the plain text KV signature to figure out how
to modify and re-sign the KV contents, but, okay, so, you know, hooray, now you might
be able to reverse your 360 to play games from other regions, but Microsoft will probably
close this loophole pretty soon.
They usually do.
I think they already have.
I think it's just on some of the older kernels they can do that.
The Rob D says, oh, that's all he did?
I can't believe I didn't think of that.
I think that might be a little more of that sarcasm thing somebody was referring to earlier
in the program.
I don't know.
Maybe.
All right.
And then Shadow Charlie says, brick, the Xbox 360's going to be a brick pretty soon.
They should just have a code in there when you try to do something like that and hack
it.
It'll just carve a nice little circle into your disk.
Like your Xbox 360 commits seppuku when it figures out that you're trying to, you know,
taint it.
That'd be funny.
Well, there is actually just a little bit more information that I have that some people
might be happy about.
Me, I don't really give two shits about.
But Far Cry 2 will be coming out.
I'm really, I don't know, I never played the first one enough to care about it.
I don't know anything about it.
I'm surprised that they did announce Far Cry 2 coming out, because I always thought Crisis
was Far Cry 2, and I guess I was wrong.
Doesn't it seem like it's been a long time since the first one came out?
2004, wasn't it?
Yeah, it just seems kind of weird that they would wait that long to announce a second
game.
Well, it's scheduled for a 2008 release.
Could it be the movie and all?
You want to tie a game that could possibly be good.
Right.
I'm just theorizing.
Jesus.
That's like if they would have promoted House of the Dead 3 in House of the Dead the movie
or something.
Should I tie that in?
Nobody would have played House of the Dead 3 at all.
No, I think, I don't know, it was a good first person shooter game.
I like how you can make your own levels and stuff in it.
That was kind of neat.
Just makes me miss time splitters even more.
So since Jamie and I both don't play Far Cry, you tell us, what would you want to see in
Far Cry 2?
I don't know.
I would like to see some of the stuff that they're showing off in Crisis, because Crisis
looks like such an amazing game, and Far Cry was pretty good when it came out originally.
Maybe some different settings, maybe not all in the jungle, I don't know, just improve
upon it.
It was a pretty good game to begin with.
Some of the AI though in the first game was a little weird, so maybe tune that up a bit,
but if the AI is good, and the game stays kind of how it was, it should be a pretty
good game.
If you don't have it on the 360, I'd recommend picking it up, because it's dirt cheap now
and it's actually pretty fun.
Alright, well, let's move on.
Any more stories before we open up the Skype line, which I believe is coming up very soon?
Yes, we got one, and it's kind of interesting.
Silicon Knights, they're actually going to be suing Epic over the Unreal 3 engine.
Apparently they've had some difficulties programming in it, and it's not performing as they had
hoped.
This is kind of stemming from the showing of 2Human at E3.
Apparently some people weren't too happy about it, but I don't know.
Should be interesting to see what's happening with it.
I know that they're not the only company that's been having trouble with it.
I know for the PlayStation 3 side, Koei has been having trouble with Fatal Inertia.
In fact, that game has been postponed indefinitely now.
So some problems arising with this fantastic engine that everybody's been licensing, maybe.
Is it just hard to work with?
They might just not have all of the documentation for it or something.
It sounds like they weren't getting everything they were promised, about this whole, like,
there's going to be an update in six months and then it never came or whatever.
But it's hard to say until we get the smoking gun publishing the full court papers so we
can read it for ourselves.
That'll be exciting.
DJ Jenai in our chat room says, Sue Epic for ditching One Must Fall 2097.
That's old school right there.
I love that game.
There was the One Must Fall Battlegrounds that came out, remember online, it was like
a battle arena game.
It's not over yet if you want to play that.
You never know.
All right, anyway, we're going to open up the Skype line now.
If you want to give us a call, the phone number is 1-877-GAME-OLR or our user name is Orange
Lounge Radio.
Who would have thought?
Orange Lounge Radio on Skype is our user name.
And I also want to put out there that there is a brand new version of Skype available.
And this is our first night using it and they've changed the interface a little bit.
I don't anticipate any problems, but you never know what might go wrong here on the program.
So let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Raven's Dolphin.
How are you?
Good.
And I'm so happy that the phone picked up this time and we're not having those technical
difficulties.
What's on your mind, Raven's Dolphin?
The Epic thing.
A lot of things are on my mind actually, but the Epic thing really.
What about the Epic thing?
The whole lawsuit?
Yeah.
Didn't Silicon Knights used to be like a Nintendo company?
Yes, according to Loki.
I don't know.
I haven't checked my Wikipedia.
Is that it?
Yeah.
Silicon Knights did Eternal Darkness.
Oh.
Okay, so what does that have to do with your opinion and everything?
Because now they're doing games for the 360 and PS3.
Do you find that Nintendo cut them loose and now they're doing too human and then they
try to get this engine?
It feels like they're a bunch of... You know how Epic has got this game that's really popular?
I feel like they're just trying to milk money out of them.
A bunch of people go, I can't get this to work.
Damn it.
Let's just sue them.
Well, that's not just the sue part, but as far as the company making games for other
companies, that's what you got to do to make money.
If you don't have an exclusive agreement with one anymore, you make games for wherever you
think you can sell them.
Yeah, and they're trying to make a whole new engine, so I wish them luck with that.
You're getting some agreement from our chat room.
Rob D says, I actually agree with Raven's Dolphin.
Like he's never agreed with you before, so there you go.
That's a first.
That's a first.
All right, and DJ Genai says Epic has a big ego too.
They do, but they do make good games, but it feels like... I'm playing Rainbow Six,
which is an Unreal Tournament game, an Unreal technology game, and it works fine.
I don't know what they're doing.
Sephiroth1215 says they weren't really a Nintendo developer, they just made all the games on
GameCube.
Okay.
All right, well what else is on your mind?
What else is on my mind?
The Wii board, you said that the Wii snowboard... Not the snowboard, the Wii Fit board.
Fit board could be used as a snowboard, I suppose, in a game.
Yeah, this is what I was thinking about.
Remember 1080?
Yeah.
Okay, wouldn't that be the hottest thing if they put 1080 on the Wii Fit board?
Or tricky, SSX tricky, with that theme song I can never get out of my head.
It's tricky.
Yeah.
I can't wait for that.
Blaze agrees with you in chat, 1080 for the win.
So you think they could do more types of games than just fitness games and mini games with
this board?
Snowboarding.
I really do.
Like the next Tony Hawk and the 1080 game, I would cream my pants for that.
I'm a real snowboarding fan.
I don't like sports games, but I love snowboarding games.
How do you think they would do this whole Square Enix is saying they want to license
the thing?
What kind of Square Enix game do you think would incorporate the Wii Fit board?
I've been thinking about it.
I don't know.
It would probably be a Final Fantasy kind of like ripoff game.
I don't know.
I don't think the kind of like Final Fantasy aerobic game going like, yeah, step on the
board, yeah, cast a spell, yeah, do this.
Maybe it would be Final Fantasy X-3 or something where, you know, the Yuna's Angels, you know,
you can actually do a little dance on the Wii Fit board and change into different outfits.
It would be fun.
Doesn't that sound like fun?
That does sound like fun, but I'm really excited, you know.
I'm not going to pass judgment on the board yet.
Well, and you shouldn't until you get to play it, because a lot of people pass judgment
on the Wii, but change their minds when they actually get to play it.
Oh, one last thing.
You don't sound like Vodafin anymore.
Good for you.
I don't sound like what?
You don't sound like you're on Vonage at all.
That might be the new Skype.
I think the quality has increased slightly, so.
What's a Vodge?
Why am I so loud?
A Vodge is what a lady has between...
I thought he said Vodge.
I was like, what the crap?
It doesn't sound like you're on that, I guess.
Vonage.
Vonage.
No, a Vodge is something completely different.
No, I said, I had a D when I said it.
Vodge.
A Vodge is where the babies come from.
And then you shake them.
Stop it.
All right.
I got to go, so you can pick up some more calls.
All right, you got it, Ravis Dolphin.
Talk to you later.
I think I made him uncomfortable.
I think you did.
That was fun.
Let's do it again.
Do it again?
Make him uncomfortable again?
I want to make somebody else uncomfortable.
All right.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hi, GS68.
Hi GS68, what's on your mind?
You know how you said Maximum 2 and 3 will come out along with Long Gun Midnight for
the PS3, right?
I did, and I bet you're calling in to correct me, huh?
Yeah.
All right, what's up?
There's already a few Maximum 2 and 3 machines in Northern California.
Well, that's...
But, okay, so it's not simultaneous, but it's been about the same time, right?
Yeah, there's already a machine in Hayward.
How is it?
I haven't played it yet.
Actually, I haven't tried it yet.
I'm just waiting for Sanibel Golf Land and Milpitas Golf Land to get it.
Ah, so some of the local golf lands, sure, and then, you know, it's a big chain.
They get a lot of the hottest games.
Why not?
Yeah, let me just post...
I'm going to post a link in chat room, so...
All right.
Just so you all know.
I am planning on buying it, though.
I think I've decided.
You think you are going to import it?
You know why I checked out first?
Yeah, because...
Well, because I just, you know, I only have like one game for the PS3 now, and it'd be
cool to have an import game.
Yeah, it might be fun.
Although, it's not going to be fun if you buy the thing, and then the damn thing doesn't
work.
That's going to suck.
It's region-free.
All right.
All the games are region-free now.
Can I come over and play?
Yeah.
Tell him no.
GS68, do you know if the soundtrack on the third one is as cool as the second one?
Like, did Yuzo Koshiro do it again?
I don't know yet, but from what I've read, you pick between the Maximum 2 1 and 2 soundtrack
and the new Maximum 2 and 3 soundtrack, and then if you transfer a certain kind of card,
you can get a special soundtrack that's from an earlier Wongdon Midnight game.
That's cool.
Now, I just got disconnected from chat, so I missed your link.
Post it again.
Stupid chat.
Actually, someone just said that you have to register to see it.
It's one of those forums where you have to register to see any...
Give out your registration information.
Is it on bug me not?
All right.
No, it's fine.
I'll wait for the information to hit Wikipedia.
It's all good.
Okay.
All right.
Well, thanks for the correction.
Appreciate it.
Anything else you want to share with our listeners tonight?
No, I'm good.
All right.
All right.
Well, then we'll talk to you later, my friend.
All right.
Take care.
All right.
You too.
Bye-bye.
All right.
We'll go back to the phones.
If you want to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio,
and hopefully we can actually answer the calls tonight.
Again, we've upgraded to a new version of Skype, and it's taken a little bit of getting
used to.
I want these little floating windows to go away.
I don't like that.
Those need to go away.
Shake them.
Maybe it'll work.
Stop it.
Why am I so loud?
I don't know.
Hi.
Oh, snap.
Hello.
Oh, snap.
Hi.
Hi.
You're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Legend of Zaku.
Hi, Legend of Zaku.
What's on your mind?
Nah, nothing much.
Just trying to chill this weekend.
Just going through the trauma of DDR Freak, but that's another story.
Wait, the trauma of DDR Freak?
Drama, I said.
The drama.
What else is new?
Why haven't you left?
Why do you think I only moderate two forums?
No, it has nothing to do with the general populace.
It's just within our city and digital life this year.
We like drama.
What's up with digital life this year?
The rules, basically how folks are chastising, they're just having arguments over the rules
this year instead of having a point system for every mod, they actually got adapted two
out of three, straight perfect attack.
I'm just going to ask you straight up, are the rules bullshit this year, Zaku?
Not really.
They're straight four.
As I said, straight PA match, two out of three shuffle I believe will be on at all times
with left and right, but yeah, it's a far cry from last year's challenge point system
where every mod they used would just get you extra points.
When is digital life this year?
At the end of September.
You know I have a credit with JetBlue, I might be able to come back.
Oh really?
Yes, something happened with JetBlue last time I have a credit.
27th through 30th.
Thinking about it, because I know I'd have a place to stay if I went, so we'll see.
No, that's cool.
Think about it.
You already know Don, right?
You know frequency.
Yep.
Let him know, since he's running the tournament, he might be able to hook you up with space
within the booth, perhaps, so he can set up his solo.
I will give it some serious consideration after I get past this move stuff.
I would love to go to digital life.
I keep hearing about it and I never get to go, so maybe.
Hopefully this year will be better than last.
Besides all the drama, these new rules hopefully, from what I've been hearing, will draw most
of the good players from the country.
What is he giving away?
He's giving away a big prize.
He's giving away the DDR tournament this year.
Three grand.
Huh?
Three grand for expert division.
Shit.
Three grand?
I might want to enter that.
My God.
And I think 1,500 for freestyle.
Oh my God.
1,500 bucks for freestyle?
You know the price is regular.
You could totally get a new PS3 with that, and that's it.
I could pay off some credit card bills with that.
Come on.
What are you talking about?
That's great.
I'll have to think about that.
Maybe I should come up with a new freestyle.
Wouldn't you like to see my freestyle, Zaku?
I don't know.
I'm trying to think right now.
I do want to do a routine this year, but I might be looking for another for a partner
maybe, and I want to do a solo, like last year where I fucked it up.
I'll think about it.
You know what?
I'll give Dr. Dick a call and see if he wants to do a freestyle for 1,500 because that might
bring him out of hiding.
Oh yeah, and then you'll be up against all the other folks from within the city and possibly
the country.
Yeah, we'll see.
All right, Zaku.
Anything else you want to share with the listeners?
Pretty much just have the rant about certain stores just jacking up the prices on old school
stuff.
Like the store in the Village that I know, they have the gold to mark up $40 for a copy
of Punch Out, Mike Tyson's Punch Out.
I wonder if that's that same store I got taken to because they had some really expensive
stuff.
Yeah, that's Video Games New York.
Yeah.
But the thing is that I managed to find a $15 copy in a flea market in Coney Island.
It's all about where you look.
It's all about looking.
That type of stuff.
I know.
I could probably go to the farmer's market here and get similar deals.
All right, Zaku.
We've got to let you go.
But have a good one, okay?
All right.
And maybe see you at Digital Life.
Maybe.
All right.
We'll look forward to that.
I hope so.
We'll see you.
Bye.
Peace.
Now I'm really tempted to go because you all know I love New York City and I do have
a credit on JetBlue I have to use within a year.
So maybe.
Ooh, I'm so tempted.
We'll see.
Let's see if we get any more calls.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is ORANGE LOUNGE RADIO but the phones haven't
been ringing that much tonight.
I guess you all don't have much to say.
I guess we'll go around and ask if there's any last minute stories.
No.
No?
Loki, you have anything tonight?
Yeah.
As I mentioned earlier, all those rumors from Sony end up becoming true and here's a little
bit of something else we were talking about earlier, how the whole rumbling of the 6-axis
and stuff is coming sooner than later.
Anyways, Kaz Horizon actually admitted that the 6-axis is not the final PlayStation 3
controller.
Surprise.
And that they're working with Immersion on Rumble and there's also rumors I guess
about Immersion's touch-sensitive technology which might be touch-sensitive stuff.
Goodie.
Other interesting things.
Let's see here.
There's a DOA toy that you can buy out there now that you can actually remove the clothing
off of.
Oh, hooray.
As if you need an excuse to buy those.
Let's see.
Now, you may remember Sonic and Mario at the Olympics is going to come out later this year.
Also though, that's not the only Olympics games being released.
In the UK, Asterix at the Olympics is also going to be making its way out there.
So that should be pretty interesting.
And then this one also looks very interesting to me.
The DJ Maxx developers are announcing a brand new PSP shooter game called S4 Portable.
And no word on, it's a stylish shooting sports game I guess.
And it's also going to feature some of the characters from DJ Maxx in it as well.
So that's pretty awesome.
Come on and be Rangers.
They're so cool.
Another thing, Project Anthem Racing 4 actually has the ability to save every single race
that everybody does.
They're actually going to have a database online where you can upload every single race
you race.
Is that like what they do for Halo?
Possibly.
Very interesting.
Quick comments from chatroom on these various stories.
GS68 agrees the NB Rangers are awesome.
So GS68 wants to know about the Dead or Alive figures.
Does it have jiggleable boobs?
No, it doesn't really make them fully naked.
You can just take them down the broad in panties I guess.
This is interesting.
Next week we're going to get Wing Commander Arena on Xbox Live Arcade for 800 points.
Not interested.
Sorry.
I used to love Wing Commander.
If it was original Wing Commander I'd be sold.
And this I'd like to plug real quick.
It's a PSP IRC version 1.01 and it's an IRC client for the PSP.
In fact, earlier today I was using it in the chatroom and it works pretty good.
It works on a firmware 1.5 as well as those custom firmwares out there.
So check it out.
It does support an IR keyboard as well if you happen to have one of those.
I didn't.
But they apparently have tested it with the Targis universal IR wireless keyboard.
I guess it's used for PDAs.
But if you don't have that there's another text entry method that's a little bit slower
but still you can do it.
It's pretty easy.
And then real quick, there's an interesting rumor going around that Manhunt 2 might be
published by Nintendo or published for the Nintendo Wii despite the AO rating.
It's coming from gonintendo.com but no word if that's been confirmed yet or not.
Well I have one last minute story that was sent to me from Tigerclaw in chat and it's
a story that comes from gizmodo.com and it has to do with how a gang of folks actually
kidnapped a gamer to get his password using a date request on Orkut.
This is crazy.
This again is coming from gizmodo.com.
An armed gang of four kidnapped one of the world's top RPG gamers after one criminal's
girlfriend lured him into a fake date using Orkut.
That's Google's social network by the way.
After sequestering him in Sao Paulo they held a gun against the victim's head for five hours
to get his password which they wanted to sell for $8,000.
After five hours the hostage wasn't talking.
The group leader had a gun against his head at all that time but the guy didn't say a
word.
Finally the crooks gave up and decided to let him go.
The Brazilian police then caught the four suspects aged 19, 27.
According to police the captive was the world leader in Gunbound is who they kidnapped.
That was the world leader in Gunbound and of course you guys probably know about this
game.
You've probably heard of it.
Have some friends that play it and so this guy's like the world leader and so the game
is so popular these gangsters decided to make some quick money off of it by sending him
an online date through Orkut and then kidnapping him instead.
Crazy.
There you go.
I like how they gave up.
I know.
It's kind of interesting.
Eh, forget it.
Wow.
GS68 says gold farming is serious fucking business.
Frisbee says tell me your fucking password.
That must have been a very interesting conversation.
That would be like an interesting movie plot.
GS68 says I should start on Gunbound.
Why would that story make you want to start playing Gunbound?
Ugh.
Alright.
Well, that's going to do it with the Skype line, I wasn't really ringing in any more
calls.
So we're going to go ahead and wrap up for tonight and to do that we have to go around
and get everybody's final thoughts.
Miklotov, thank you so much for being here this week.
I stayed through the whole thing.
You really did.
I'm very impressed.
That's the first time in months.
And now you're not going to catch your train to go home.
It's 834.
Gosh dang it.
It's alright.
Can I do an FUs real quick?
No.
Dang it.
Alright, but thank you for being here.
You're welcome.
Thank you for making me lose money.
Sorry.
Any final thoughts?
I love Survivor a lot.
You're so going to get voted out.
I don't care.
I'm having fun.
Alright.
Loki, your final thought?
I don't know.
I kind of want to play this Wangan Midnight Maximum 2 and 3 game.
Looks fun.
It better be fun.
It's expensive.
Alright.
And, Jamie, DarkSakura, do you have a final thought tonight?
Uh, what?
That's your final thought is what?
What?
What?
What?
Alright.
Do they speak English and what?
And I also have a final thought for tonight.
My vote tonight is for Shane.
What?
Shane, you're a real fucking duplicitous asshole and you were plotting against me in the very
beginning of this game.
That you must leave the island tonight.
Whatever.
I win.
Take that.
Alright.
Anyway, thank you guys so much for tuning into and supporting independent podcasting
and independent internet radio.
Of course, without your support, we would never be here in the first place, so thank
you very much.
We really mean it.
And until next time, in two weeks, we'll be back with another new episode of Orange
Lounge Radio from our brand new studio.
Big thanks to this old apartment for the many memories we've had here.
You know, we got our TV story that's on YouTube was filmed here in this place and
Jamie won't miss the ventilation though, that's for sure, so we will see you in a
couple weeks from our brand new location here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Until then, bye bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast programs, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week.
