Tonight, January 1st, 2012, DLC is finally coming to the 3DS, Valve says Half Life 3
rumors are just trolling and a fan remake of a computer game classic is released.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio. It is episode number 440 for this January
1st, 2012. Really easy day to remember. My name is Rob Roberts and I'll be joining you
over the next few hours to talk video games with my co-hosts, first off, the one, the
only, Jamie Summers. Or Dark Sakura, whatever you want to call her. How are you doing?
People get my name right. Bitter table for one. Not bitter. I'm judgmental. All right.
Also joining us tonight, not joining us tonight. Sadly, I know this might surprise some people,
but Tech Master Loki unfortunately had to cancel on tonight's show. Unfortunately. Well,
you know, you miss him with every fiber of your being. No, I miss him with everything
I throw. He had a family engagement. I mean, it is technically a holiday, New Year's Day.
And so sometimes there's family stuff, especially with the new baby he's got. So they've got
a family thing going on. So he's not here tonight. That baby is not as new as that baby
once was. He better, he better have the baby thing down. That baby's getting older just
like you and you, but joining us tonight as he tends to do when we need another host,
please welcome to the studio. Alan, how you doing Alan? Hello. How are you? This is all
happening in my house right now. I need to get out. Yes. Um, here's the deal. If we sound
a little different tonight, we're kind of having to just adjust some audio on the fly
and that's because we're in a new studio and we talked about this when we were last on,
we did not have a show last week because it was on December 25th, which is a big holiday
for some people. Uh, and the week before that though was our last show. And, um, w that
was the last show from studio dark Sakura or the fifth studio in OLR's history. Yes.
But tonight we are in a new studio at studio six and it's from Alan and I's place. Yep.
So what, what's your grammar? What should be Alan and my house? How about shut and up?
Uh, how about bite my butt? Anyhow, unfortunately I was really hoping to surprise everybody
with the return of a webcam tonight, but it was just a bit pricey and, and logistically
a pain in the butt to set up, but we are set up very similar to, for those who've been
listening a long time, I believe it was the third, no second studio we were in, which
was when Loki and I lived together. It was a while ago, right? We actually did the show
kind of in the dining room and then the living room. There was antics that always happen.
That's kind of a similar setup to what we have going on right now in this studio six.
So we're hoping at some point we can return the live streaming of games and stuff during
the show over one of them stream and video websites. We used to use Justin TV. I've done
stuff on Ustream. I don't know. I don't know which way we'd go. We'll figure that out when
we actually have video. I now have experience doing custom graphics for Justin for not for
Justin TV for a Ustream. So, Hey, yep. Awesome. I did them for you for Umlaut. All right.
Say hello to the chatters chat room dot orange lounge, excuse me, chat dot orange lounge
radio.com. I'm a little rusty after we got chat dot orange lounge radio.com is where
you can join us. Uh, if you want to talk live with us here on this new year's day and it
looks like we have a Bobby Black Wolf. Did he just join? How come Bobby could show up
for our show, but he couldn't be bothered to do his own show tonight. No, that's because
he likes our show better. As, as I said to the all games chatters, Bobby didn't want
to work. He just wanted to bang on the drum all day because he, that's a joke because
he does drumming. He does drumming stuff for the Atlanta Falcons. So my mother is calling
me on my cell phone right now. Like, doesn't she know I have a radio show on Sunday nights?
Doesn't she know? Maybe she's listening. Rob, what do you mean you moved the show to your
house? Rob, did that cost money? Rob, Rob. And you know, we are live of course, Sunday
nights, every Sunday night, even when it's new year's day at all games radio is the kind
and gracious network that allows us to steal their bandwidth no matter what studio we're
in. Www dot all games.com six o'clock Pacific nine o'clock Eastern. Typically after the
Bobby Black Wolf show when he's, you know, not off drumming tonight after the show, our
nine cast, they had a jumbo episode cause they are usually on it for Pacific and they
went long. They had an extended edition. They like it long. That's right. So anyhow, um,
let's start off with some topics tonight. I thought we could talk a little bit about
some of the stuff we did yesterday on new year's eve. Now we didn't party together sadly.
Um, it just didn't work out that way, but we did spend the day together and one of the
things we did during new year's eve was we went to the flea market. That was awesome.
Except I didn't buy any fleas. I think I might've caught a couple, but the flea market is basically,
I don't know how to describe it for those that have never been. I imagine everybody's
been to one at some point in their town, but then some people might not live in places
big enough that have them. I don't know, but they're basically like gigantic garage sales.
Is that an accurate description? Alan? Well, yeah, I guess you could say that a lot of
the wares are new and handmade though. It's not all recycled junk, but I'd like to think
of it as a giant thrift store. Yeah. Yeah. That works. So huge farmer's market, probably
the biggest farmer's market I've ever seen. Yeah. The one here we have locally in the
Sacramento area is just gigantic. So, um, you know, one of the things that's fun to go shopping
for is produce and we have a blood oranges. So the other thing that's fun to go shopping
for is like video games cause like there's a lot of people that will bring out their
old shit. And even I saw like arcade machines for sale in some of the, um, junk and some
of the little like, um, side, they have like a side auction. It's weird. So in the side
auction they had, um, it's technically a different one. It's auction town. Yeah. So it's not
part of deniers where we went. Well, we saw burger time for $950 like a legit arcade cabinet
was in good shape. It was, it was pretty good for its age. Considering that game is from
what 82 maybe it was somewhere around there. 82, 83. Considering that game is like as old
as it is, that that machine was in beautiful condition. It was $950 and I was like, Alan,
did you see what was on the other side of the machine next to it? No. What was that?
A berserk in just as good condition. Wow. Like that's the old one with the little bouncing
ball, like the little happy face. Good times. But we did buy video games. At least I know
I bought video games. I bought Sing Star Queen, which I've talked about on the show before
that I wanted it, but I wasn't going to get it until it went on sale. Well, I guess I
forgot to get it amongst all the other video games that came out last year cause it was
a crazy year and I bought Sing Star Queen for eight bucks at the flea market. That was
awesome. And it was, it was, it was sealed. It might've been like resealed. Sometimes
the stuff at the flea market, like they've used the little machinery seal it, but it
worked fine. I played it the other day. Uh, and then I bought get this just because I
wanted it and it was in the box of half off stuff. We actually have a super Nintendo hooked
up that works and it's in good condition. I mean, it doesn't look like it's in good
condition cause the super Nintendo is like Brown, but it works. That's the important
thing. I bought clue for the super Nintendo. Remember the old ass board game. They made
a port of it on super Nintendo that was kind of like, it didn't play exactly like the board
game. Like it kind of put this logic puzzle twist on it where it would tell you like the
lead pipe was in the conservatory and you have to kind of like tie it all together.
So if, if Ms. Peacock was in the conservatory, then she must've had the lead pipe, you know,
that whole thing. So, um, yeah, good times. So it was cool to play retro games and a favorite
of mine was clue on the super Nintendo for no particular reason. It wasn't really that
great of a game, but it's, you know, one I remember. So dark soccer. What did you, did
you pick up any games? I did. I got one game. I got moral combat, the new one on PS three.
Nice because Dan was complaining about not having any more PS three games. So, um, I
got the form. We didn't play it yet. I mean, I know later on we're probably going to do
our, how was our gaming week? Of course we always do. Yes. Um, but I picked that up and
I got blood oranges and D and um, dried pineapple and you bought a shit ton of tortillas. I
did. And we ate them all last night. Oh my God. That tortilla lady took you to the cleaners.
You bought like two for three. That's not bad. Two bags. And there were six in each.
So what I did, I did what she suggested with the, I got pumpkin tortillas, which were amazing
because pumpkin, everything is awesome. You know, it would be OLR if we didn't have a
food tangent, but I wrapped vanilla ice cream and then rolled them up and put them in the
freezer and chopped and sliced them. Oh my God. That sounds good. They were amazing.
They were gone. They vanished. And then I made, um, uh, black bean and cheddar quesadillas
with and the, the tortillas were black bean and garlic and they vanished like they didn't
last 15 minutes. So I'm just, I've decided we need to make flea market shopping a regular
thing because like we have a super Nintendo and I think, I think Alan has secretly not
so secretly, cause I'm about to share it on the radio, express to me that he would like
to build a collection someday that rivals the vault.
I think you're projecting a little bit, a little bit. Well, the thing is, is that I
had a lot of amazing super Nintendo games with the box and instruction booklet and they
were all in perfect shape cause I treat my stuff very well. I, they've all been sold
on eBay years and years ago for a lot of money and I was kind of reminded actually of the
price of how some of those games go for at the flea market. Cause there was a, was it,
was it the super nest luffia was like 80 bucks one for that cart. So yeah, there's still
some rare stuff out there. I used to have them, but I got rid of them. So you know,
you guys are welcome to borrow. If you have the wild hair to play anything, you're welcome
to borrow anything. I've got, I think most stuff on the super Nintendo, like I don't
know, like it's, it's really like I'll get a, just an, an urge to just play it. Like,
you know, I don't usually, I'm usually trying to play the new stuff cause you keep on top
of stuff. It's very rare that I'm like, Oh, I just, I want to go play clue on the super
Nintendo like, but when it's right in front of me, I go, I remember how cool this game
was. I needed, I need to just pick this up and take it home cause half off. I paid six
50 for it, which considering it was still in a box with the manual, I mean it wasn't
new obviously, but they, they shrunk rapid to make it look new, but you know, whatever,
you know, it was a good deal. So I was happy. Well, I've actually, it's funny that you mentioned
that cause I was thinking since Dan and I are a quest to play through every final fantasy
game in a row has a died. I was, how many did you get through? Not even one. We were
toward the end of what we just got. Um, when we last played the, everyone got their upgrades.
You got through final fantasy one, two, that's final fantasy half. Anyway, as something about
just starting off with six, sitting down and just jumped to the good stuff, going through
six, although I think four is amazing. So it's like four, don't get me wrong, but six
is one that, you know, we'll, we'll just take turns with because I know that game like the
back of my freaking hand, I've played through that game so many million times or chrono
trigger because then it's just a matter of new game plus. Let me go to our chat room
at chat.orangelaunchradio.com. Interesting kind of discussion going on in the chat room
tonight, kind of about the durability of consoles because I mentioned the super Nintendo and
the fact that, you know, it's still working and that led to some comments in chat room.
Uh, Yuki, I hope I'm saying that right in our chat room, uh, says my super Nintendo's
SNS is plural. Super Nintendo's never die. Those things are pretty durable and I thought
this is interesting. Kai's Judo kind of followed up a little later with the sad thing is 20
years from now, I doubt many people will say they have a PlayStation three or Xbox three
60 that still works. How true. I mean the old systems were quite durable, weren't they?
I mean, and they were all just hard plastic with a little green circuit board in it, right?
Many moving parts. I think Dan said that they had dropped a super Nintendo down two flights
of stairs and it still worked when he was a kid. Those things are rocks. I mean they
were, but yet an Xbox three 60, you're lucky to get one that never red rings. You knock
it over once onto the carpet and it's dead. That's true. They sure don't build them like
they used to, but of course a lot of that could be, to be fair, you know, we did make
a conversion somewhere along the way from CDs or excuse me, from cartridges to CDs,
therefore DVDs, therefore Blu-rays, you know, that was a pretty major shift in, you know,
format. Well, you can even see just in model releases, they go from being super sturdy,
like I have a first model PS3 and it's still in perfect condition. It still plays everything
wonderfully well, but then you get the newer ones, the slims, and they're just, they feel
like nothing. They've got no durability. They're missing options and they cost, you know, when
they were coming out, they were costing as much as the old models did. You know, I found
my Japanese PlayStation 2 the other day and we were cleaning up, setting up for the studio.
I found it and I kind of wanted to hook it up and play some old school BeatMania 2DX,
but the problem is like you, they don't work through component cables. All the styles before
I think 6 don't work through component cables. Like it just, no signal. This is the weirdest
thing. Yeah. Well, and by the way, I have something that I wanted to lend you. My keyboard
mania keyboard so you can do double. Oh, awesome. Cause I do have keyboard mania. I was going
to say if you wanted to hold onto it and do doubles, you're going to have to get out my
PlayStation 2 anyway. So yeah, flea market shopping. That's one of the things, fun things
we did. And I also, I saw in chat, act def says a friend shops on a flea market swap
meets and resells the stuff he finds on eBay for a living. I believe dark soccer was actually
talking to one of her friends there that she used to buy a lot of stuff from who said that
he doesn't have trader Dan trader and he doesn't have a really because he knows that if they
haggle with him, they're just trying to. Yeah. Remarket it on eBay. So that's exactly what
he said. And he's actually said he stopped dealing on eBay and he's doing like on E E
trader or something. Some website. Yeah. I caught that end of the conversation. He seemed
very irritated with eBay and Amazon. I'm not sure what happened there. I mean, Amazon,
he used to just completely resell every everything, all the good stuff on, on eBay. Well then
didn't Amazon kick everyone in California out because the whole tax thing, I don't know.
I think they did. I don't think he did Amazon. I think he was strictly eBay and Yahoo. Hmm.
Very interesting. All right. Um, I, I like this comparison. Very interesting comparison.
Then we'll move on with how was your gaming week here in the chat room, uh, from SEP,
win, uh, CEP win in the chat, a chat.org.com says it's like buildings. Do you think the
biggest NFL stadiums will be around a hundred years from now, let alone 2000 as the Roman
Colosseum? Well, here's an example. Um, I'm sure I've made no thing. I'm from mobile Alabama.
We have a building that was recently restored that was built in like 1850 something. Um,
you know, maybe after the city was like 150 years old and um, it's still in, even when
it was run down, it was still in sturdy condition and lived through years of hurricanes, a hundred
years worth of hurricanes where we had, you know, some of the newer buildings had been
flooded down and were corroded and everything. So just even as an example in a couple hundred
years, you know, construction, we're, we're leaning towards cheaper things that they don't
last. Well, a lot of stuff is built for the environment too. Like here in California,
you don't have brick buildings because of earthquakes. Yeah. So, but, um, in Alabama
you almost everything is made out of brick and concrete. It's just interesting. And buildings
are cheaper there, ironically, even though they'll last through probably more hard weather
than California sees. It's also part of the reason why San Francisco buildings are very
unique and you don't see buildings like it anywhere else is because San Francisco's weather
and layout for a town is really unlike anyone else. Like the Hills in San Francisco are
crazy and just, you know, anyhow, I don't know how we got from video games to that,
but whatever. Well, construction. Yeah. Alan, did you, you didn't end up buying anything
at the flea market, but anything catch your eye that like if you, you know, had the money
burning a hole in your pocket, you wanted a trader. Dan had a lot of, um, big promotional
standee things. Like he had that big Samus super Metroid thing that was like six or seven
feet tall from super Metroid. Oh yeah. You know, I wanted that for the new studio. It's
probably not for sale cause he has a mounted way up high on the wall. Yeah. But uh, yeah,
I don't know. He'd sell almost anything if you offer him the right amount. So, well no,
cause we've bought some stuff that was just on the collection wall before. So, but that
was back when he had the store in Rio Linda. Well, you know, we put some pictures of the
new studio up at orange launch radio.com. There's a little picture bar towards the top
of the screen and you can kind of see some pictures that we take. I know what the website
says. You can send in your own pictures, but due to some abuse things we had happen a couple
of months ago, we had to pull that. So it's only the hosts really that are adding stuff
to that. And we just added a bunch of pictures from the studio. So there's, you know, you
can see the scrolls and things like that. So it's pretty cool. Yeah. But it was funny
looking at the flea market at the big collections of uh, the game gear and the Atari links at
both the console and the cartridge. How did anyone ever try to market that as portable?
Either system. They were both huge. Well look at an old school Gameboy. Remember the commercial
with the guy sitting on the toilet playing the links? Yeah. And I had a game gear and
I remember it, it went through four double A batteries probably every 72 hours. And it's
like worst battery life than a 3d. It weighs four pounds. Like how is that ever? But yeah,
that was, it was, it was neat seeing all of that really old hardware. Go look at an old
school Gameboy. Like those things are fucking bricks. But I remember you would have the
case for it. Now we put it in a backpack and take it to school and that it was portable.
You know, back then had an inspiration, Rob. What? You know how the people built the house
out of Legos? Like an entire house. Yeah. Damn. Well it was, it was a sort of like an
installation art piece, but you can actually pay to stay in it. Um, I want, I just had
a picture of the laptop, by the way. Um, I want to build a house out of Gameboys.
It might be tricky. An entire house. You might be able, you might be able to get a doggy
house. Well, you know, like maybe like a little office or a storage room or something, but
I think that, or even just do a wall, a wall of Gameboys, like modern art piece. Yeah.
Instead of, you know, the eight bit, uh, gaming exhibit that they do, you know, instead of
tile, you know, with, uh, the plaster tile plaster, do plaster and Gameboys. All right,
let's move on. We got to talk about our gaming week or two weeks. Uh, it may be, we always
like to, uh, at the top of the show or near it, uh, talk about the video games that we
have been playing this week. Dark Sakura. Uh, how was your gaming week? Wow. Lots of
world of Warcraft. Actually, not a lot because my computer was off for close to a week and
then we just got our cable back. Well, yeah, you had new interwebs for like four days.
I had to come over here on Christmas day. I remember that. To get my damn merry maker
achievement. Open presents under the tree and iron forge. Yes, I remember that because
then we went out, we went, we went out for, you know, nothing's open on Christmas, but
we were able to find that pho was open on Christmas. So I, as, as a proper Jew, I had
Asian food on Christmas day, even if it wasn't Chinese. I remember putting a tweet or something.
I was like two gays and a Jew walk into a pho bar on Christmas. Yeah, it was, it was
delicious. Yeah, it was very good. Delicious. And um, I played, well, once everything got
hooked up, I played a little bit of, um, fractal, which I, I really like that game. Yeah. You
talked about that last week on the show or two weeks. Yeah. Very pretty. And um, we played
rock band of course. Um, like we do every party that we have the quintessential party
game. Yes. And Bradley came over. Oh, Arcadia 42. Yes. We need to get him over here in the
new studio and he, um, brought symbols and then he proceeded to impress, uh, the cousins
with his prowess in pro drum mode. Oh, he does the pro drumming. Very cool. And, um,
we had a, well, when I left the house, Dan was watching a play through of Gradius on
the, uh, game boy, like the old school Gradius on the game boy. Cause I saw a little Moai
heads. Um, we did, um, I think we did have a little bit of proteus going on in the house.
So that was fun. But mostly it was just putting up games. So I've probably touched, uh, a
couple thousand games this weekend, literally touched them. Right. But as for playing them,
that's a different story. And then there's also the flea market games that you touch.
You put your paws on a lot of those too, digging through that. So yeah, I, I really did try
to, is sad going to trader dance though, because the stuff that he had out, the stuff I would
have wanted was a stuff I already have. So I'm like, well see, that's why I was asking,
you know, who had, um, master system, a master system because we have spare games. We do
literally have spare master system games, which by the way, any of our listeners, if
you have a master system, send me a photo of your master system. And the first person
that sends me a picture of their own personal master system will get a game. Where can they
email that? Cause you don't have an OLR email email bag at orange.radio.com show email.
All right. Mail the mail, the mailbag. And it has to be your master system. Don't Google
the picture. Maybe, maybe they need to put the, you need to tell them to put a little
post it note that says OLR. So we know they didn't like Google it. OLR put it has to have
a post note and, and keep in mind, I'm a designer. I can tell if you photoshopped it or something,
you know, if you don't have posted notes for sake, just scribble it on a notepad or something.
And maybe I'll be kind enough. And if you've got a power base converter, I'll accept that
as well. All right. Anyhow, uh, inadvertent contest here on the show. Uh, Alan, why don't
you go next? No Loki tonight. So it's been several months since I've been on OLR. So
I've actually completed a lot of games. Um, if you remember dragon age origins that came
out in 2009, a couple of months ago, I fired that up and I just couldn't let it go. I,
between that and the expansion awakenings, I completed both of those. Um, I think I've
logged nearly a hundred hours on my Archer ranger rogue that I rolled. I never realized
you finished awakenings. Like I saw that you moved on to dragon age two at one point and
I was like, Oh, maybe he just finally got ADD and he was like, I gotta go play the sequel.
I didn't realize you finished awakening. I used a pretty much with any RPG. Now I use
a FAQ or a walkthrough to play it just because I'm old and lazy and I don't want to miss
things the first way through. There's something secret. So yeah, I used facts. Um, dragon
age oranges was about 70 hours and awakenings was about 24 hours before I beat it. Um, see
I played a little dragon age two, which got derailed by Skyrim cause steam had Skyrim
for 40 bucks for 24 hours during its holiday sale, which for the game that a lot are calling
game of the year that just came out a couple of months ago is a steal. Yeah. So 40 bucks
for Skyrim, which I'm still, is what I'm actively playing. Um, just a PSA, the live listeners,
the Encore sales going on today and that is 40 bucks again. They brought Skyrim back for
40 bucks. That'll be, that'll be it like 10 AM tomorrow. It's gone. If you're listening
to this on the podcast, you probably missed it already. Yeah. Well then the nice thing
about studio six being in my house is that the podcast will be up like 30 minutes after
the show's done. So especially the folks overseas, but I don't think the overseas folks can get
the steam sales. I'm not sure. How does that work? Do you know dark soccer? I really don't
know. I'll have to ask. I'm curious if the folks, do we have any chatter? I'm going to
have to go home now and check my steam. I can't do it during the show unless there's
steam for Linux now. I don't know. Uh, I'm here. Yeah. Did the folks in chat know is
do we have any, I see Aki ripper in chat. I get ripper. Can you steam Sweden close enough?
You might be able to log into the steam website and buy something on the website on your account
and then it'll download to the client. Just wait till you get home until 10 AM tomorrow.
But um, yeah, so I'm kind of juggling dragon H two and Skyrim right now and those are both
pretty meaty meals of a game. So I don't know how long I'm going to be able to juggle those
two. I got a DSI XL for Christmas for my lovely, kind, generous boyfriend and studio. Um, and
because of my DSI XL, I've been playing warrior where touched. Can we back up a minute? Because
this certainly caught me off guard. Cause I asked you, I said, what do you want for
Christmas? And you said you wanted a DSI XL. I'm like, you, you, you want that even though
it costs as much as a three ds. So just for the, for the listeners that might be asking
the same question, why an XL? Why now? You got to answer, well, you have a three ds and
I can play yours when you're at work. Honest answer. Um, that, and I have a thing, I almost
have a thing against Nintendo, but the first generation of their little hardware portables,
I thought the ds original, the ds fat was ugly and it looked cheap. And the ds light
was like, Oh, okay, this looks like a good device. That's when I finally got on board
with the ds was with the light. I just think with the weird analog stick on the right side
attachment that came out for the three ds, um, I'm just, I want the second generation.
And when I play Mario Kart seven on your three ds, I can only do two races before my right
hand is completely cramped. Cause I have a big giant spindly spidery man hands and it
hurts to play. So I have my giant ds XL and I've got a ton of ds games, RPGs that I haven't
played. So all right. Fair enough. Yeah. And now when you explain it to me, it made a lot
of sense. I was all right. And plus now, now that I've really got my pause on one of those,
it's a really nice device. It's a nice device. It's kind of a bummer. It was so late in the
life and now a lot of folks have moved on cause you know, it's a pretty rock solid ds.
I just want to take a step back for just a minute and a chat. Hers have clarified act
deft from Mexico steam sales work worldwide. There you go. So, um, so aside from Mario
are touched on the XL, I also did my sort of annual play through of half life and half
life to episodes one and two. I beat those from start to finish. This is, that's kind
of like your version of dark soccer is Christmas nights. I notice once or twice a year I just
get half life fever and I got to play through it. I just need to do half life to like that.
The proper half life too. I haven't done that yet. And some chatters and a chat might be
thinking about a story that happened in gaming news this week. And yes, we'll be talking
about that later. So bastions five bucks. That's a good game. Very good game. Lot of
a game of the year list. Speaking of game of the year list, I do want to get this out
at some point. Um, I know it's 2012 but since we didn't have a show last week and the way
timing worked out, we need to have a proper like end of the year kind of recap. So we
will be talking about our games of the year. Dark soccer myself and Alan have picked our
top three games of the year. We'll get Loki's next week guys. Don't worry when he's back.
Uh, but we want to hear your guys's game of the year picks too. So we have some posts
on Facebook and Google plus. So if you haven't chimed in yet, go do that. Cause we're going
to do that in part B and some of our picks might surprise you. So I know that there are
probably what, three games that everybody's picking. Well, we'll see. Maybe our lists
are the same three, maybe not, but I want to emphasize there's no right or wrong answers.
And I got to say, just looking at Facebook and Google plus, I'm really impressed at the
diversity of choices. I really truly don't think that just because every media outlet
says game A, B or C is the game of the year means everybody else is on board. Like I don't
think any two people have picked the same game. Very interesting. So anyway, sorry about
that. Uh, where were we? Your gaming week, Alan? I really think that that's it. I, uh,
as far as this week, I've scrambled around on the steam contest for the holiday sale
where you unlock Steve achievements to earn coupons. Um, also I have two coupons for 50
percent off any valve game. Good through, I think the first of March if an all our listener
wants to add me on steam, I'll trade them that coupon. We should have an OLR group on
steam that they could find you on. So I played psycho knots for about an hour and a half
to be able to use my mind power that, um, pyromania to burn two squirrels because there
was an achievement for cooking two critters. So I played some games like super meat boy
has one yesterday that I need to go through. So that's all I know you're doing that too.
So if you want to find us on steam or any of that stuff, um, this, it's awesome on orange
launch radio.com and the upper right hand corner is this little box that says extended
play and you'll see all the logos for like all the community social networking websites
and you'll see the steam logo on there and you can join the OLR clan and you can say
hi to Alan or salacious pop and he'll give you treats. It sounds like maybe, maybe he
may not have enough for everybody. Um, my gaming week, um, I've played a lot of hodgepodge
kind of stuff. Like I mentioned before, I bought seeing star queen clue, but there's
probably two games primarily I've been playing. Um, you know, kind of focusing on the past
couple of weeks. Uh, first one I'll mention is on the three DS, um, a port of one of my
favorite games that I played for the first time last year, even though the game is actually
a couple of years old itself. Uh, VVVVVV came out for the three DS it's on the three
DS shop. I mean literally like just last week. Uh, and you know, it's, it's a very faithful
port of the version that's on the PC. You don't have the level editor, although they're
saying that that may be coming in the future, but you do have some like best of user created
levels, which is pretty cool. And of course the games in three D a little bit. I mean,
it's not complicated three D it's kind of like the NES classics. It's like, like three
different layers of three D kind of see things on. Um, but the game itself, VVVVV is a great
game and excellent game. Some folks may find it to be a little bit short, but I think it's
well worth it for the $8 kick ass soundtrack. It's kind of very similar to super Metroid,
very easy gimmick, uh, the whole gravity flipping thing, but it works so well. I mean, it's
a, it's a great game. It's, it's great. And of course as somebody who loved Commodore
64 and really grew up on Commodore 64, I love that the game has a lot of, you know, kind
of tips of the hat to the Commodore 64 days, including the loading screen. So I thought,
I think the three DS version is a worthy port. I realize some people may have a hard time
justifying, well, I just bought VVVV as part of the humble indie bundle that was just out
because it was one of the games from the third that came back and I paid five bucks for likes,
you know, 15 games that included VVVV. Why would I go pay $7 in the three DS shop now?
That's a damn good question. Maybe it's not worth it in that regard. But for me, I love
the idea of having a portable version. You know, sometimes you just want games to be
able to have wherever you are, airport, you know, commuting or whatever it is that you're
doing, you know, out and about, it's sometimes nice to have some games to go and VVVV is
a worthy addition to the three DS lineup. Um, let's see. Otherwise, the other game that
I spent a huge chunk of time playing is Star Wars, the Old Republic, the new MMO, uh, that's
out from BioWare and EA. I did pick this up, uh, the 21st, the day after it was out. And
I've spent a good part of the past couple weeks playing it. I have like four characters
in the level 10-ish range, two of them Imperial and two of them Empire. So I've gotten a good
feel, especially for the introduction parts of the game. Um, this, God, where do I even
begin with this? A lot of people are comparing it to WoW. And I got to say this comment first.
I, I'm really amazed with how pressed some of the Star Wars players are when it comes
to WoW because the general chat half the time is nothing but talk about, oh, this game is
so much better than WoW. And, oh, this game, oh, this game just kicks WoW's ass. And, oh,
WoW is a kiddie game. And you know, they're just bringing pandas cause it's a kiddie game.
I used to play WoW, but it sucks now. And it's like, wow, you guys hate WoW so much.
You can't stop talking about it. But that's not really a slam on Star Wars. That's just
a slam on the chat community. I was comparing it to Star Trek Online. Let, well, here's
my point. Let both games just be, because does Star Wars have a lot of inspiration from
WoW? Sure. One of the classes I was playing, I was laughing cause I'm like, this place
is just like a warrior. It even has a talent called Sunder and you build up rage. I'm like,
this is like, just like a WoW warrior. But at the same time, the questing in Star Wars,
The Old Republic, is so immersive. Like, you know, the voice acting really adds a neat
element to it. Of course, the whole Bioware touch of the conversation trees, the fact
that you can have your character be light side or dark side, even within the Empire
or Imperial. Like, you can be a bad Jedi or you can be a good Sith. It's really funky
how that works, but I like that. And the group conversation is really interesting too. I've
been playing the game a lot with Shane. And, like, we will both kind of go out and quest
together and he likes to have his person be good and I like to have mine be bad. So, it's
kind of funny watching that struggle and you get to see kind of different outcomes and
all that. So, it's neat. I wanted to finish my thought really, really quick though on
the whole, like, pressed Star Wars people and WoW. WoW obviously got its inspiration
from other games too and that's important to say. Like, I think Star Wars is just this
company's evolution of the MMO genre. And the question is, does it work? And my answer
is, in most places yes, but in a few places no. And I think any MMO is going to have this
problem when it first comes out and that's kind of about finding the balance. And I think
that's where the game has its trickiest part right now is balance and a lot of that has
to do with the economy. The economy is really clouded, uncertain right now and it's really
hard to make money and they just nerfed one of the big professions for that and so a lot
of that needs some fine tuning. But, you know, the game's only been out two weeks. For an
MMO that's hardly anything, I'm sure a lot of that will be fixed in time. But the other
thing I've got to knock Star Wars for because this is something I keep saying, like, every
time I'm playing the game, damn, I wish they would fix this. One of the reasons I love
WoW is the community and the UIs that they've built and Star Wars desperately needs to open
it up and let users make their own UIs and interfaces and add-ons, especially for things
like the auction house, especially for things like targeting and things of that sort. Because
if you have two people and their companions out, healing is kind of a pain in the butt.
So I'd like to see some UI changes for that and just some of the ways things are set up
are a little weird and I just think the community could improve on that a little bit. But, it's,
I mean, especially compared to, I played Riff when it first came out. I played Warhammer
when it first came out. I played, you know, I've played a lot of the Ion. I played Ion
when it first came out. I played a lot of the other ones. And this is really the first
one where I was like, wow, this really is something different. This is a neat experience.
This, you know, I like the story, which is weird because I'm not even that big on the
Star Wars movies. Like, you know, I appreciate them. I understand why there's fandom for
the old movies from the 70s at least, not the new ones. But, you know, I get, you know,
I get why Star Wars is popular, but I found myself really getting kind of sucked into
the story and it's really interesting. And I really liked getting to kind of, you know,
play this character that could be light or dark or neutral or what have you. So the biggest
strengths are in the fact that every single player game element is great. And you could
go from 0 to 50 single player, no problem. I think it really helps when MMOs have the
mythology pre-built to then bring in. Because Lord of the Rings Online, obviously, Lord
of the Rings is, you know, significantly huge. You know, it's been around for 50, 60 years.
Star Wars Galaxies, I guess, was a bad game, but that also had the Star Wars mythos to
bring with it. Well, hold on. World of Warcraft had WoW or Warcraft Orcs vs. Humans 1, 2,
and 3 and Blizzard put in a shitload of lore. I was going to say quickly, Star Wars Galaxies
wasn't necessarily a bad game. It was a game that made bad decisions. Well, yeah, because
they, yeah, they switched it up to make more, make it more accessible in all the diehard
people. Right. Don't alienate your primary fan base. It's something, it's where, that's
where WoW is that a, because for some people, Cataclysm was the equivalent of the NXC. And,
you know, so anyway, or New User, what did they call it? New User Experience, whatever
it was called. Anyway. But because Bioware doesn't as of yet have a good MMO pedigree,
they do have a great game pedigree. I mean, it's Bioware, so I didn't really have any
doubt in my mind that the Old Republic was going to be bad as just a campaign experience.
But a lot of people are wondering when, once you get to level 50, are there, I mean, are
there raids? Like what do you do once you're at max level? Apparently there are, there
are operations, I think they're called, which are the equivalent of raids, I believe. And
there's PVP. You can do PVP at level 10 and all that. But that's a good question. I'm
not really sure. I'm sitting here as somebody who's been playing the game for two weeks
and I'm not really sure. Because with Rift, Rift was a completely new property. They had
to do all that world building about the conflict and there's this race and this race and blah,
blah, blah and why these big portals are opening up in the sky. All the time. All the time,
which is a different problem altogether. And it was just hard to really invest myself in
the world that I was playing in. Whereas with Star Wars and WoW, you have the mythology
going back years and years that players already will play that. That's what brings people
to those games, I think. So to try to kind of try and wrap up, because I know I'm rambling
here a bit, but to kind of wrap up my thoughts on Star Wars The Old Republic, I think it's
a good game. And if you're into MMOs, you'll probably want to pounce on this pretty quick
because, you know, a lot of people have been. But if you're not sure, I say wait. Because
I think the game's only going to get better with a little more maturity and age. And I
think in six months to a year when they really have a lot of players in end game and they
have a lot of this ironed out, I think the game's going to be very, very neat. Is it
a WoW killer? I don't know. I don't really like that term. Because I don't think, like
there's similar games out there all the time. You know, Burnout didn't kill Need for Speed
and you know, Call of Duty and Battlefield can compete. You know, it's just different.
And it's expensive if you want to play both games. That's the only bummer. But the games
can coexist. I don't think one necessarily has to cannibalize the other. I think there's
going to always be people that want to play WoW. And there's going to be people that don't
want to play WoW that want to play Star Wars. And you know, there's going to be people like
me that kind of want to play a little bit of both. So, there you go. Alan, I do want
to quickly ask you though, because you play a lot of MMOs. You've come on the other show
Horde House a lot to talk about WoW. You play a lot of WoW. You raid in WoW. You're an end
game raider. You're one of the tops of the server. But you don't seem to have that same
interest in Star Wars. Is that because of your investment in WoW? Is it a money thing?
Is it just being a hater? What is it? Well, I've dedicated myself to raiding with people
12 hours a week, which is a lot. And I am comfortable with that arrangement for right
now. Once I get a job, I will probably have to quit doing that. But it's a financial thing.
I've already staked my claim with my raiding guild in WoW. And yeah, I don't want to pay
15 bucks a month twice for that. I'm also on the year-long Diablo III Death Pact. So,
I've pretty much said, yes WoW, regardless of how bad you get or how lame your patches
are, I'm going to be sticking with you for a year. And I'm committed to that. I don't
really need Wandering Eyes for MMOs. Though I will say though, the reason why I decided
to start playing Dragon Age Origins until I beat it was the fact that aside from raiding,
I am kind of burned out on WoW. So that's helping my console gaming more. I've actually
been more into WoW than I have been in a WoW, which is really weird. I don't know if that's
just because I've had a lot of time off work, so I've had more time to play things. Or the
fact that I am loving Arcane Mage right now in Warcraft. But yeah, I'll play WoW for a
couple hours. I'll play Star Wars for a couple hours. Then I go back to playing WoW. That's
been a lot of my vacation when I'm not doing other more productive things. A lot of chatters
talking about Guild Wars 2. Kaijuto, I think, kicked it off. I cannot wait for Guild Wars
2. That's going to be my main MMO. And yeah, I gotta say, I'm really interested in Guild
Wars 2 as well. I'm hoping the payment model is the same as Guild Wars 1 where it's buy
the game and never pay money again. Would be great. Not have to pay a monthly fee or
whatever. Yeah, I'm looking forward to Guild Wars 2. That'll be another MMO I'm going to
have to somehow juggle. So we'll see. I kind of think in the long run, I may keep... It's
hard to say. I've been off work this whole time, so I've been able to juggle two MMOs.
But when I go back to work, I'm probably going to have to pick one or the other. And I've
agreed to play WoW for a year. I'm on the same thing where I've already signed the death
pact. I want to be, but I'm not. But I think even if I had to choose between the two, I
would choose WoW at this point. Because I think Star Wars will get better with age.
I didn't start... Think about it. I didn't start playing WoW until Burning Crusade expansion
came out. I started WoW with vanilla. And hated it. And hated it. And then I played
Burning Crusade and hated it. And then I didn't even bother with any of the other stuff because
I still hated it. And then Cataclysm came out and I was like, I kind of like this.
So does me saying, I don't want to maybe play Star Wars right now a bad thing? Not necessarily.
I mean, God, look at my WoW addiction. And that just took a couple years to grow. So
I think, I think, I think Star Wars will still be here in a year or two, unlike some of these
other MMOs that have come out. Like, is anyone still playing Age of Conan? Anybody?
It's not on the show role because I think it would have been for last week, but we didn't
do a Christmas show. Didn't Swotar or the Old Republic hit a million paid subscribers
the fastest out of even faster than WoW? Wasn't that a story? We're not covering it tonight,
but they put out a press release saying that they have a million.
I think they've sold like 1.5 million copies of the game globally. So that wouldn't surprise
me at all. They have that many.
Yeah. There's still two more, one or two more weeks before people start getting rebills.
So the rebuilds is when they're going to be able to say that they have subscribers.
Exactly.
So we'll see. We'll see. All right. Um, there is stuff going on besides MMOs in the world.
Quickly, some housekeeping and then we'll get into some news. Uh, I already mentioned
the game of the year. We're going to talk about in part B, so stay tuned. Get your picks
in at our Facebook or at our Google Plus page. And if you don't have us added on either of
those pages, maybe you should take care of that. Um, also I want to plug some other things
going on elsewhere. One of them that I really, really need to plug and make sure you guys
know about is something called the big battle. And this is something that Derek from dead
pixel live, which is another show on the all games network is kind of spearheading, but
it's a lot of, uh, community shows kind of all pitching in to try and make this thing
a success and get more people at the table wanting to kick each other's ass in a good
way though, because it's all about fighting games. Uh, the big battle this time is I think
the big beat down. Uh, and it's all fighting games. It's mortal combat, it's street fighter,
arcade edition, it's street fighter three, it's ultimate mortal combat three. It's all
these fighting games. Um, and we're trying to get as many people in to participate in
the tournament to find out which show has the best fighting game fans. Um, so far I'm
the only one signed up from OLR. So I'm hoping some of you will head on over to the big battle
dot net and change that sign up over there on the beat down board, uh, for one of the
games. Now the only kind of for some people deal breaker for some people is that it's
all xbox 360. So some of you have these on PS3. See, I have mortal combat and super street
fighter four on our PS3, so I couldn't sign up for those games. But yes, you can. What
do you mean you can come to my house? I guess I could, huh? Yes, you can. What does that
mean you're going to sign up to? Maybe I will. Ooh. Ooh. Well, there you go. Keep in mind,
this is gimpy hand lady. You know, if you have an arcade stick that you could use, right?
We have several arcade sticks. That won't be a problem. All right, so maybe, maybe we'll
work something out. But anyway, it's all an xbox 360. So super street fighter for arcade
edition, mortal combat, street fighter three, third strike online, ultimate mortal combat
three. Go sign up on the beat down board at the big battle dot net and say you're going
to represent the OL army or team OLR. Uh, they'll know what you're talking about. Go
sign up and uh, I'll kick your ass soon if you're playing ultimate mortal combat three
because that's the one of the games that I do own on the xbox 360, which I find funny
because you can't buy that game anymore. Yet that's the game that has the most signups
right now. I think people just love the classics. What else can you say? So go sign up. All
right. Um, other thing I got to plug here, the geek dash life awards. Um, you know, we've
talked about this website before and part of it is because you know, dark soccer is
like a rights for it. You still write for it? Yes, I do. It's just with the last semester
I slacked off on my writing. You know how busy I was. Well, the editors over there,
which I don't believe was stark Sakura cause I think there's gotta be rules against that.
But uh, the editors over there did nominate us as one of the best podcasts of the years
and the second annual geek life awards. Woo hoo. Um, but the funny thing is, um, another
podcast that was nominated was hoard house, my show about Warcraft right now in the poll
hoard house is beating orange launch radio for best podcast of the year. I'm sure extra
prayer had nothing to do at all with that, but if you want to go vote for hoard house
or you want to go vote for orange lounge radio, I'm going to post that website in chat right
now and you should go vote. Um, of course there are some other good shows nominated.
I'm not going to dog the competition. Maybe you want to go vote for cheap ass gamer, fear
the boot or battleship pretension, which are also nominated and find shows in their own
right. So you know what, if you really think they are the best show of the year, then go
vote for them. That's fine. Um, geek dash life. We just want to thank them. It's an
honor to be nominated, right? Dark Sakura. God, what are you going to do if you lose
to ex defer? I don't know. I guess talk about his bleached asshole. All right. Good answer.
All right. Speaking of hoard house, I should mention we haven't done a show for like two
weeks over there. Correlation bleacher asshole win an award. Do you want to find out? No.
Okay. Anyway, um, uh, I should say a hoard house hasn't had a show for like two weeks
and probably won't be back till next week. And that's just a timing thing on X for a
nice part. Like I'm going to be gone for four days next week. So yep. Good times. Busy,
busy, but Hey, it's the holidays so we can kind of get away with it. All right. Let's
talk about gaming news. Let's get back into what is going on in the gaming industry this
week. Not a lot come to find out, but there are some things going on. We do want to bring
to the table and talk about with you guys in our chat room at chat.orangelaunchradio.com.
Alan, start us off tonight. So Nintendo, they've been razzed on so hard, especially by the
gentlemen that I am subbing for tonight. Um, as far as their inability to embrace stuff
that other consoles are doing, particularly online supply, uh, online play, but they are
jumping on one bandwagon finally, and that is paid DLC. Um, is it true that the Wii didn't,
you couldn't patch games on the Wii, right? There were no, you cannot patch games on the
Wii. Um, and the proof of this would be what's going on with Skyward Sword. They actually
had to release this whole channel and it's there in the Wii shop. If you go look, one
of the games I forgot to mention, I played this week, I found I had extra points in my
Wii balance or Wii accounts. I went and bought blaster master for the NES on virtual console.
Woo. But as I was looking for the shop, I saw the fix your game file channel for Skyward
Sword and I was like, that has to be embarrassing. But yeah, they can't, they can't just patch
Skyward Sword to do it. They have to have a fix my game channel. So even with their
most, uh, up until the 3DS, they supplemental content, whether it be, um, to enhance the
product or to correct the product, they just never did it. Well, um, Nintendo with the
3DS are finally doing paid DLC and the first title that is going to get it is their new,
uh, Fire Emblem franchise. I know Fire Emblem has had some characters in Smash Brothers
for a while. It's not really that big of a franchise here, but I know a lot of the diehard
Nintendo fans know about Fire Emblem and it's going to cost several hundred yen. It's kind
of vague right now when it comes out. But yeah, you can expect, uh, you know, with the,
uh, online store that 3DS has where you can buy the old, you know, Game Boy Advance and,
um, the little, uh, the DSware games. Now when you buy a actual retail cart product,
you can eventually log in maybe either through the game or through your 3DS and buy bonus
campaigns for it, which is just money, money, money. I mean, look at Microsoft and Sony
and all the millions they've made with pay to unlock launch day DLC that's on the disc.
I should say this though. The Wii does have, the Wii does have kind of download content.
Um, like Rockband has it. One of the games, Final Fantasy IV, the after years, you could
download the extra chapters for a couple hundred Wii points each. So, I mean, Nintendo's done
DLC a little bit, but not a lot of bit. And I want to say everything that was DLC on the
Wii, I'm thinking, Chatter might correct me on this, but I want to say none of it was
Nintendo themselves. All of it was third party companies that were doing it because, you
know, Final Fantasy Square Enix, uh, Rockband is, you know, harmonics. So I don't think
any of it is coming from Nintendo themselves. So that's what makes us notable both that
A, it's the 3DS, which, you know, we haven't seen DLC on the 3DS yet. We've seen, you know,
buy the game, right? I just pimped VVVV, uh, but we haven't seen DLC and it's Nintendo
themselves now. That's a big deal. Yeah. So, so I stand corrected. Yeah. We did have the
facilities for DLC, but this one, um, you know, for a handheld definitely is interesting.
And the Wii U, they've also confirmed that it's going to have paid DLC, but there's still
a lot more we need to find out about the Wii U than just that. Um, some comments from our
chat room at chat.orangewonstrategy.com. Yuki says, and here I was respecting Nintendo for
not doing DLC till now. Tigerclaws theorizing, who knows, maybe a new Zelda quest via DLC.
Kaijuto just says, yeah, the DLC sounds lame. So maybe this begs the question, is this good
news or is this bad news? I think it's really all about in what is it that they're offering?
I mean, none of us here on the show, and I think in chat really appreciate that pay to
unlock content that feels like a slap in the face, you know, the, uh, content that's already
on the disc that you have to pay money to get like the, you know, the Katamari levels
were there. Some fighting games have characters that are already on the disc. You have to
pay to unlock and so on. But when you are truly downloading expansions that enhance
like, you know, what Dragon Age Awakenings in some ways. The Fable ones. Like extra quote.
Well, yes and no. Like some of the DLC I don't think is very good with Fable. But I'm saying
I'm using it as a type. Sure. Sure. Well, Awakenings is closer to the, to the model
that PC games used in the 80s and 90s and that it was a proper expansion that was a
good 20 or 30 hours of game, which is about how long I spent on it. With Dragon Age Origins
before I played Awakenings, I did go onto the BioWare store and buy some of their DLC.
And those were only like two or three hours long for five bucks, but I was still, it was
well done. So they're not all terrible. Uh, Dark Tetsuya says, my brother was commenting
to me about Nintendo not doing DLC. He said Nintendo should have made new tracks for Mario
Kart. And yeah, I'm kind of like, I would like to see Mario Kart seven, get more tracks,
download content, you know, as long as they don't go down that path that, you know, we
talked about Ridge Racer on the Vita a couple of weeks ago on the show, like it sounds like
they're doing a horrible thing, but like every Mario Kart game ever has had 32 tracks except
I think the Game Boy one, you could unlock all of the tracks in the original in, which
was a hell of a deal. You know what I mean? But most Mario, you know, you buy a Mario
Kart game, you know, you're going to get eight cups, four of them retro, four of them new
for, you know, it's, it's like the same formula every time, but I think it'd be pretty rad
if some more of the retro levels came back as DLC, you know, I would, I would support
that as long as it was reasonably priced, you know, there's gotta be a limit to it,
but it would be interesting. But I think there's a lot of ways that Nintendo could do this
very wrong too. And of course pay to unlock content is the wrong way to do it or stuff
that doesn't enhance stuff that's required for the core gaming experience would be bad.
Well, going down the same path, I got a story here about what's happening at the Wii U.
The Wii U obviously not going to be out for a while, but some rumors out there that Nintendo
is going to be doing a full blown app store for the system. So think like, you know, what
iTunes has going on. Right now, you know, they've got the eShop, they've got little
stores, but the Wii U supposedly is going to go one step further. There's going to be
a wide variety of apps. It will be stuff that will operate on the Wii U itself like TV things
like you see on Xbox 360, Major League Baseball, but some things that will run independently
on the controller because the tablet obviously is its own little screen or what have you.
Now the only thing that confuses me about that is I thought that controller doesn't
have its own processor in it. Like I thought all that did was stream video that's basically
being processed by your Wii U. It was just like a terminal, just like an output. Yeah,
it's like that on live in your own house. Best way to describe it, you know, that's
how it's working. So my thought is, well, are you really downloading apps to your controller
then or are you downloading apps that just play on your controller but you can't really
take them portable? Unless something drastic has changed with the specs of the system,
maybe they are giving that thing a little processor, I don't know. I would think they're
not because they want to keep the cost down, but it would be interesting if that's happening.
But they are talking about, you know, check your email, browse the web, do Facebook and
maybe some little games too on that little device. I could see where, you know, you have
the controller in your bedroom and it's streaming from the device in the living room and you
can kind of like surf the web from bed and all that, but I don't know, most people have
iPhones, iPads, Kindles, you know, other devices for that. Yeah. So I don't know if we use
necessary, but I don't know, what do you guys think? I can see the advantage, especially
if you just want one thing to give you all the convenience. So maybe that's a good thing.
And honestly, it makes me think of that, what's that laptop that my husband wants, the transformer
where you pull off the top and as a tablet, I think it might be something to that extent.
So like, say that you're, here's a, just a very domestic example, but you know, say that
your Wii is your way of surfing the web, you know, and you like are looking for a cake
recipe, put the cake recipe on your little tablet, take it to the kitchen and go make
your cake. I mean, I'm just using that as an example. That would work. I could see that
in a little Nintendo promo they do, you know, because there, there are marketing it to more
of a home family type of thing. So that way you've got more uses out of it. Something
that is on that family oriented domestic level. So I don't know why the chatters are doing
this, but they're putting app in the names of all these Nintendo franchises like app
zero, the app of Zelda app, Icarus excite app. But that, I mean, one of the ones that was suggested
by GOV day was app crossing. And that made me think, Oh God, there's where DLC could
go really wrong is animal crossing. Oh man. I mean, it could be really good, but I just
see, Oh, I could just see the easy cash in on animal crossing. You know what though for
Wii U imagine animal crossing with Wii U you can go to the island again. Maybe, who knows?
I just would like to see them do something really different with animal crossing. You
know, they've got the basics. We've seen the same game four times now. I'll be nice to
see something different. Tom Nook is a real estate agent. Great. Tom Nook can foreclose
on me. Can't wait. All right. Anyhow, he is the 1%. All right. Dark soccer. What do you
have for us news wise? I have a little something actually it's a cease and desist that my
apologies. It's that's later story. It's cease and desist that story right now. Yes, I will.
All right. It's the UK prices. Well, actually the European union prices for the Vita and
the memory cards and stuff. So, um, here's some of the game prices. Um, uncharted golden
abyss will be 49.99 euro or 44.99 pound. Bond nation racer will be 39.99 or 34.99 respectively.
Everybody's golf the same wipeout 2048 the same unit 13 also the same little deviance
will be 29.99 euro and 24.99 pound. And then, um, reality fighters is the same price as
well. So as far as the, um, different bits that go with it, the four gig memory card
will be 19.99, 17.99 pound. Um, eight gig will be 34.99 or 31.99 and the 16 gig will
be 49.99 and 44.99. Uh, lots of other stuff too. Like the chargers 49.99 slash 44.99.
All these different man, England. Why do you have to stick with the pounds? Why can't you
know? I should probably kind of a decent thing that they did given where the euro started
going. Anyway. Um, I'm actually trying to get the price of the system on here while
that's loading. Why don't I just jump in here real quick in case you are wondering, you
hadn't heard the, the u s American currencies. I did pull up Amazon real quick to just kind
of most of what dark soccer said. If you just replace euro with dollars, it's pretty much
the same thing. Uh, the wifi system itself, two 49 99 and dollars. The first edition bundles
is going to be three 49 99. The games right now are all over the map. It just really depends
on what the game is. Like uncharted 49 99 little big planet, 39 99. Uh, but like hot
shots, golf, golf, golf. What is golf? Hot shots, golf. It's a cool game. Gore physical
game. Hot shots, Gore. If I'd buy that hot shots golf though is 29 99 as is wipeout 2048.
So I'm assuming maybe those games are a little, I don't know. It's hard to tell. Like touch
my Katamari is also 29 99. Is that indicative of the quality? I don't know. I hope not.
Well, we do have the list of, um, the, the u s release titles too. Not a, it's actually
says the full list from the u s PlayStation blog. On launch day there will be escape plan.
Um, hot shots, a golf world, invitational hustle Kings, little deviants, my nation racers,
road trip, super star dust, Delta, uncharted golden abyss, a wipeout 2048 and as far as
third party stuff goes, just to look this over and point out the stuff that isn't absolute
crap as far as I know. Um, blaze blue continuum shift extend. This is just a great name. Army
core of hell, luminous electronic symphony. Is that launch day or launch window says launch
day. Nice. Um, what else is on here? Uh, plants versus zombies, Rayman origins. Um, touch
of space, mutant blobs, touch my Katamari, ultimate Marvel versus Capcom versus, uh,
ultimate Marvel versus Capcom three. And as far as launch windows, um, does Gaia three
Ridge racer, silent hell book of memories. So we're seeing some stuff. I think Ninja
guidance. Is that Sigma? Yeah, it's actually the Sigma symbol. I know my Greek. So yeah.
All right. So, um, yeah, Vita, I know I'm going to probably have to pick one up now,
especially that no luminous touch my Katamari. I will totally touch your Katamari. You want
to, I'll only touch yours if you touch mine. Okay. Uh, Alan, I know you're probably not
going to buy a Vita the day they come out cause you know, you'll play mine when I'm
at work, but what do you think? You're going to touch this Katamari when you touch my Katamari
while I'm at work. Yeah, probably. Are you excited about the release at all? Are you
just like, eh, whatever, another system, you know, I've heard Vita has had some mixed stuff
going on in Japan that there's been a lot of bumps in the road. I don't really have
the energy to like Stan or to be really fanatical about a system, but it took about a year.
It took about two or three years, but the PSP I thought was a really good system, a
really good handheld. And I really think that the PSP is underrated, dare I say it, because
the DS, which was phenomenal, sort of steamrolled it, which is a reality. But you know, I'm
looking forward to the PSP Vita because I thought the PSP itself was damn good, but
I just, you know, financially and with the time I have towards games, I can't really
get all that excited about a launch day purchase like I would have been 10 years ago. So maybe
for next Christmas though, once things get ironed out, the next Christmas, I'll want
a 3DS because if I'm doing things two years later, then I'll want, yeah.
Good to know. Good to know. I can start planning ahead. All right. Well, let's move on with
some more news, Alan.
There was a recent interview with Kojima of Konami, the mastermind who wrote the Metal
Gear series and reminiscing about Metal Gear Solid for the PlayStation 1 and how amazing
it was. And just him looking back on the experience and he was basically answering speculation
about a possible Metal Gear Solid remake because they are doing the HD remake for the PS3 of
I believe it's Metal Gear Solid 2 and Snake Eater. But Metal Gear Solid, the original,
isn't a part of it. So people are like, well, obviously that was the most famous of the
3 because it was groundbreaking, you know, especially on the, it was probably one of
the best looking games during the entire PS1 life cycle. Does that mean that they're going
to be releasing one separately? And Kojima has just said, you know, that's ultimately
it's Konami's decision. If they want to do a remake of it, that's fine, but he won't
really like, he doesn't care enough. He thinks the game is perfect or is good at it as is.
He didn't think any corners were cut that he would want to go back and rewrite parts.
He thought that the story was complete the first time it was told. So they're welcome
to do it, but Kojima is not really saying that he's psyched up about wanting to remake
it.
Would you, do you think it's worth them or worth it for them to put the time and effort
into remaking the first game? I mean, I kind of get why they're doing that because I think
they're probably taking the easy way out with the 2 and 3 remakes, you know, just quickly
up-rezzing.
It's like what the God of War, which I know it was Sony and not Konami, but it's just,
they were already nice enough graphics that they could just upscale the textures.
Right, which is probably what's happening with Silent Hill too. But this, you know,
going back and doing the first one would be, you know, they're not going to be able to
do that as easy.
Didn't they kind of remake one already for the GameCube with Twin Snakes?
Yes.
That was, the script and the voice acting was changed a bit, but it was still ultimately
that game. The story was retold.
And it was really great. I mean, I thought it was probably, of course, we have just about
every Metal Gear thing that comes out, so it was really great.
Yeah, so with Metal Gear Solid Twin Snakes for the GameCube, that's kind of like if they
did an HD remake of Resident Evil when we have the Resident Evil remake on the GameCube.
Again, totally different franchise, but it's the same thing. Like, we've already kind of
had that. So, you know, if, I mean, let's be real. If they remade Metal Gear Solid HD
as a separate release, people would buy it. So if Kami wants money, they should do it.
But Kojima is just, you know, he's not.
But a lot of people would rather they just put that effort into making a Metal Gear Solid
5.
Yes.
Which, story-wise.
Which obviously you would want Kojima on board for that.
Right.
Because it'd be a new story.
Right. So, all right. Well, moving on. It was brought up earlier in the show that Steam
is having a crazy sale right now. I wanted to just take some time to kind of talk about
a lot of the crap that's on sale.
I did get Bastion.
Did you? Were you able to buy it through the website?
Yeah.
Nice. Well, Bastion is five bucks right now. Skyrim is 33% off. Batman Arkham City is 50%
off right now. That's crazy. There's lots of other games. And in fact, I even saw somebody
in chat earlier, I think it was Pod Culture said, damn it, I just spent 20 bucks on that
sale. Like, curse you, Evil Steam's Tales. Like today, or the first, is really kind of
the encore day.
Magica is a good pick. That's $2.50. LA Noire Complete Editions, $12.50. I mean, that game
was just six months old. So it's interesting. A lot of this stuff that's on sale. What's
also interesting is the competition that they're doing. Well, it's a competition. What's the
right thing to call it? The achievements for loot, basically.
Yeah.
They have these set achievements and with them, you can win little coupons for games.
Like I got a 75% off Left 4 Dead 2. Basically like, have the sale anytime you want type
of thing. Or you can get little pieces of coal. And the little pieces of coal can either
be contest entries into winning every game Steam has ever put out ever, is the grand
prize. Like you would never be able to play all that. Or I think you runner up prizes
are like all the games on your wish list and like every Valve game ever made and you know,
things like that. What's interesting, I was reading about this and something I want to
bring up. I just read about this today. I guess Steam ran out of the third party prizes.
Like if you get seven pieces of coal, you're only going to be able to get Valve stuff with
that now. There's nothing third party you can get with that now.
There was a game I'm blanking on what it was that was released on Steam. I think it happened
a year or two ago where they ran out of the license, like the codes, like the CD key code.
You get one of those digitally. They didn't have, like they ran out so they couldn't sell
the game anymore because they didn't have the manufacturers. So it's probably the same
thing here. They gave away the little free.
Or the agreement was they would take the loss up to X many copies. But a lot of people are
upset because there's been those accounts out there that have kind of been abusing this.
We had a story a couple weeks ago about people were creating accounts just to trade the games
and get the coupons and trade, you know, kind of setting up all these sock accounts and
Valve had to do this. So a lot of people are kind of upset with the way this played out.
And I'm kind of of two mindsets. I'm like, well, honestly, Valve does a lot more than
most people do when it comes to cheap games and that stuff. So I kind of like they don't
owe you anything. But at the same token, if I was really working towards something and
then found out, oh, they're out of it, like on the last day I got it, it would be frustrating.
Certainly. You've been trying to save up coal. Were you going to cash it in now? Maybe not.
I need two or three more and I have no idea what is even available. And now it sounds
like thanks to this story, there's even less available for me to look at. So I'm even less
motivated.
Is there anything Valve you don't own? Counter strike?
Counter strike and just stuff that I don't care about because it's multiplayer or whatever.
One thing, though, about this whole sale and these achievements is that it really shows
how Valve works with the developers of these indie games, because especially with like
Toki Tori, whenever Valve has one of these sales on Steam, there will be several games
that will get updates where the developers have designed Christmas content specifically
for Steam, which is unprecedented. And Toki Tori had, it was basically the first world,
but it was all reskinned with snow and Christmas trees. So the developers went in and added
that for the sale. And Super Meat Boy, same thing. There's now a Christmas world for this
sale that you can go in and play.
The one for Beat Hazard was mean. You have to play 10 minutes of Christmas music without
dying or without losing. And I did it twice and lost it nine minutes, 30 seconds. I was
so pissed.
So you and the developers of Beat Hazard were like, all right, there's a Christmas sale.
We're going to add Christmas music. Your Steam client will update the game automatically
for this sale. Like that's, I can't really think of any other example of when that's
happened.
Well, I love, well, the outside of Steam. Yeah. But I was going to say the Portal 2
release. Remember they had the whole unlock Portal 2 early thing on Steam and they had
special achievements and like audio surf. Like I remember one day I went to go play
audio surf and suddenly Portal 2 music just showed up like, and like I tried to play a
song and it was like, GLaDOS is taking over. And, and suddenly it was a Portal 2 song that
was really awesome. So I like when they kind of do stuff like that. So, yeah, you know,
but you know, I like this comment from Derek H in chat, especially if the thing they are
out of is digital and therefore not real.
That's frustrating knowing that, Oh, you just ran out of something that's on the internet.
Well, it needs a license, but yeah, no. So, um,
Advances themselves are more for inventory and marketing purposes.
Well, my thought was that they just have an agreement with the developers. Like, Hey,
we're not going to give away unlimited amounts of 75% off your game. It's going to be limited
to 100,000 or something like that. You know? And I think for the sake of those third party
developers, many of them indie, I get it. And I cut them some slack.
Whatever they sell, they have to report back to the manufacturer because they have those
agreements.
Sorry. I love Derek H's follow up comment. It's like running out of birthday wishes.
I was going to wish you a happy birthday, but I used up my last one three days ago.
When I woke up this morning, I had like five or six fucks to give, but now it's three o'clock
and I don't have a fuck anymore. You missed. I'm you're too late. If you caught me a noon,
I would have gave a fuck. But now I don't act deaf in chat says, uh, clarifies the abusing
of this, uh, sky.
Many people cheated and had multiple accounts on steam to trade coals and stuff with themselves.
So why do you need all these fake accounts? Get a significant other Alan and I traded
stuff.
If I have any coal, you guys can have it. There's nothing left to get with it. Like
the only, this is why I don't even do this shit. No, seriously. I didn't sign up for
any of it. I'd do it. Cause you know what? I have other stuff to do. Well, when I'm the
winner of every steam game ever, you can't play it.
Well some of the achievements are have, have a wishlist or make, make sure that your wishlist
has at least 10 things in it. That was worth a lump of coal. So if you created 20 accounts
and you added 10 games to your wishlist, you could then pipe all of those other 19 other
coals to your, so some of them weren't necessarily game achievements. It was just steam interaction.
Then I'm sure I have a coal. So I'm too good for coal. What are you talking about? We want
diamonds. I guess what sky is trying to say is that if you're forever alone dot JPG, the
sales isn't for you then apparently cause you need a, you need a, you need a partner
to help you do this. No forever alone on steam. Um, some folks are talking about Skyrim and
I just wanted to say, cause this made me think about, you've been playing challenge accepted
cause you don't chat says I want Skyrim on PC for the mods. The mods are going to be
sick. I've been playing on PlayStation three and I've been watching Alan play it on PC
and I'm like, no, I kind of want it on PC cause like you had a inventory mod or something
that yeah, I downloaded a mod from Skyrim nexus that basically makes managing your bag.
Like I can sort by weight so I can see what all the heavy shit is that's weighing me down
so I can get rid of it. I can sort by weight. I can sort by, yeah, so it's an awesome add
on to make bag management and Skyrim awesome and you can do that on PS three. So act Defton
chat says, guy, you really have no idea. There are people with over a hundred multiple accounts.
Good thing they got banned. Well yeah, good thing they got at least valve band them. Some
companies may not have even caught it. So you know, at least they got banned. But yeah,
I agree that, you know, I don't think valve is this type of company though. Again, I just
kind of look at their track record. Steam overall has been a great thing for the community.
It really has. Yeah. Um, and I think in the long run they'll kind of look back at this
and go, okay, next time we need to, if we're going to give somebody coal for getting their
wishlist done, we need to make it so that they can't trade that to somebody else who's
already unlocked it for the same reason. Like they'll go back to the drawing board and I
think they'll fix it for next time or they'll do something different. You know, they'll,
they'll learn from it. I think they will, but it does. It does suck that it had its
issues this time. Um, all right, let's move on with more news. Gosh, we're having a long
show.
Let me show the story that I was going to read. How about it? I guess I can lift that
cease and desist order. Well, actually it was a Activision that put out the cease and
desist on a dude who hacked Skylanders Spyro adventures. Anyway, um, this guy named Brandon
Wilson had a hacked the game to where basically figured out the conversation between the piece
and the game so that he could basically mount any piece he wanted to in the game. And so,
uh, so, so he figured out how that little, little, uh, um, toy and portal magic portal
were talking to each other and he got, he put it up on the internet, which of course
that's what they send out the cease and desist. Right. And, um, he wrote out, um, a note that
said, you know, what, uh, that the accusations were inaccurate, you know, that he wasn't
really sharing them with other people. He had them on a zip file for his own use and
he wasn't circumventing the game. He was basically just using stuff that was available and not
using, um, uh, the hardware on a iOS device. And he didn't really trick anything. So he
just, he just figured it out. He just found it out. He didn't actually use it. Well, are
you able to rip off Activision by doing this? Like you can't just suddenly magically buy
the figure. You can just make the, if you use another system to make it think you have
the figure, but doesn't, isn't there still like a code for the DLC? Like you can't just
magically download something that isn't there. Right. Like would you be able to exploit and
steal money from Activision by doing this? Or is it just, you figured out how magnets
work? Yeah. You figure out how magnets. Well, I mean, but I mean, there are inevitably going
to be, would it be somebody that wants to know how the magician does the trick? Well,
I'm double checking something on here. He basically just found out how they connect.
So I'm trying to find where exactly he listed that. I'm pulling up. I'm asking chatter says
I have not played Skylanders yet. So chatters, how do you, do you have to have a code to
get the DLC? Um, RFID and uh, as soon as just playing the seat to figure out how to work,
how it worked and he put up the way it worked. And so I guess maybe it's Activision is afraid
that someone's going to use that to seal. Oh, no. You mean if the game is successful,
people are going to try to rip it off? If it's successful. Yeah. I understand it's been
doing all right. So anyway. Yeah, I think that's pretty much it. I think he just got
bored, figured it out and save the information for himself and then people, and then activings
like, Oh my God, people are going to use it and steal from us. All these five year olds
with their toys. And so, uh, dark to see in chat says this talk of Skylanders makes me
want a new version of barcode battler. I wish you could see how I would just rolled my eyes.
I remember those things are awesome subbing for Loki tonight. Should I be throwing shit
and screaming about Skylanders? Cause we're talking, we're talking about it. Go ahead.
But don't throw anything cause all the stuff near you is heavy. No, I was going to say,
this is, I wouldn't throw stuff in dark Sakura's house either, but like everything that I would
hit with stuff that we own. So Skylanders makes me very angry there. It's my Loki rant.
That was a pretty crappy impression. All right. Uh, folks in, in chat aren't really, um, uh,
able to answer the question about Skylanders, but I do see Derek H says, Oh, well of course
there's a delay. There's like a minute delay. Derek H in chat says, so corporations are
now trying to make it illegal to learn. I think it's the specifics they don't want getting
out there. You know, again, I, I don't think it's a big deal. I mean, if this, cause they're,
if this guy can reverse engineer the thing and figure out how it works, don't you think
EA's already got somebody on it? They're just not going to post to the internet that they
figured out how it worked. You know, they, they probably emulated it already or either
they have their competing version for their own franchise franchise is going to come out
at the end of next year. You know, I think the thing is though, if that, if this somehow
allows people to download free DLC, then that's going to be an issue. But at the same time,
if they didn't think that far ahead, then I don't want to say they deserve it, but they
were asking for it. Hackers going to go cry, cry me a river, build a bridge and get over
it. Well, I'm pretty sure those figures have to come with a code that you have to input
to actually get the DLC. Otherwise the figure just, you know, tells the portal, this is
the one I want to use or, you know, maybe we take it to friends houses, whatever. Well,
if it works, if it works on just, you know, talking to, because I think that that would
make sense to not exactly have a code for it, but to have it just, you put the figure
down and it connects. I think that they might've been confident that no one would be able to
figure it out. But then again, that was, that was, that was a dumb assumption. That was
a stupid, stupid assumption. How many other video game companies have done the same thing
is what I'm saying. Again, I don't want to say they deserve it. Our security is foolproof
too. If that's, I don't want to say they deserved it in that case, but derpy do. That wasn't
a smart decision. No, but, but it's been going around. It's a common thing amongst, you know,
developers. No one's going to figure this out. Let's just, you know, be all confident
and kiss our own asses. No. So. All right. Let's travel around the world and check out
some release dates, some games that are coming to a store near you. I kind of don't think
there's a lot this week. Wonder what that could be. Could it be that the holiday period
is now over? So, uh, but we'll see if there's anything after all. Um, Alan, you're filling
in for Loki tonight. What about the US releases? Well, according to, um, the source that we
use, it looks like there's one solitary, sad little game coming out this week. Um, it's
going to pick up next week. I believe on the 10th is a, is some of the 2012 for Q1 releases.
I think you start, especially towards the 31st. I think you have a couple of big ones
on the 31st. But between now and the next episode of OLR, we have Anarchy Reigns for
the 360 and that is it. And I couldn't tell you the thing about it. So there you go.
Um, I'm going to Japan to look at, well, I'm not going there physically, but I'm going
to look at their releases of things that are coming out and I got to tell you, I don't
see a damn thing coming out in Japan. I'm looking quickly to see if even the 3DS. Well,
don't they have any week two VITA stuff or did it just have it launch? Nope, it just
had this big launch. The next big game coming out is Wipeout 2048 on January 19th and Tales
of Innocence. It comes out on the 26th. Otherwise, you know, they already, you had a huge launch
and you're not going to wait one week to put out your game. So did you hear those stories
though about that? Apparently the 3DS is outselling it already in week two. Someone in chat was
saying that I think it was Ranma. It was like LOL at VITA. So, Hmm. Maybe this was the 3DS
strategy the whole time. Sure. Right. Yeah. But you know, whatever it is, it'll be interesting
to see if, if the numbers are the same here. You know, I don't want to be all like fan
boy and root for one or the other. I'm interested in both, but it's certainly not a good sign.
If you look at the technology of what the VITA has feature wise and what it's trying
to do versus the 3DS, which is just, Hey, it's a polarized 3D screen that you don't
need glasses for. I think the VITA is trying to accomplish more with the technology that's
in it. But Hey, sometimes that just goes to show bleeding edge technology and you know,
the perks aren't necessarily what move the system. All right. Well, um, no releases in
Japan this week. So how about Europe? Well, to quote a line from one of my favorite movies,
space balls, we ain't found shit. That's it. A very slow release. One game coming out in
the entire world. I personally don't give a crap about us coming out on the 10th. What's
that? That Gotham city imposters. What is your hatred for Gotham city imposters? It
looked, it looked silly, silly, cute. That's kind of part of my problem. It's like, it's
a bunch of wannabes and you know what? If I'm going to play a wannabe, I'll just play
DC universe online, which I can't follow that. I can't follow that. And it was shit. Wait
a minute. I, it was shit. I wouldn't say it was shit. Okay. It was, um, here a fart. Here's
it. Look, DC universe was definitely not. Wow. DC universe felt more like teenage mutant
Ninja turtles, the arcade game than it did. Wow. I hate the control. And if you're not
into that, then you're, of course you're not going to be into DC universe and I hate the
camera, but I thought PVP was a lot of fun in DC universe. I gotta say I, but you're
not a player versus player kind of person. No, I'm not. And I will dabble in it. I'll
experiment with my previous statement. And if I want to play a superhero game, I'll go
back and play city of heroes. That's fair. And if I want to play, um, a game by that
company, I'll just play Star Trek online, which I'm going to once it's free. Isn't that
later this month? Yes, it is. I've been reading on the road to a F2P blog that is every time
that they do an expansion or something, it's road to whatever. So now they've got, um,
number 25 of the road to F2P, uh, blog going on. So I'm pretty excited. Well, of course
you've ruffled the feathers of our chat room, dark Sakura. I don't give a shit. Brad from
pod culture says, Oh no, she didn't. Oh yes I did. Tiger cloth says Gotham city imposters
looks amusing. It looks like a bunch of people in bad cosplay costumes shooting. Yes. Yes,
yes, yes. And if I want bad cosplay, I'll go to Fana Mae where there's occasionally
some good cosplay. Derek, Derek H has drawn a line in the sand and says city of heroes
is a lot crappier than DC universe online, but it has better control and better camera.
Alan, you, you were a DC universe or excuse me, you were a city hero stand for quite some
time. I just played it for like 20 minutes just yesterday. It's free to play now. Um,
city of heroes has a very strong RP community and it's still kicking. So yeah, that's say
sea of heroes is, but if you're not into RP, like I don't know when I, when I listened
to dead pixel live and what I know of Derek H, he doesn't strike me as somebody that's
really into RP. I mean, it might, it might be like a, you know, the secret lives of,
you know, that, that, that, but I just don't get that. That's why he plays games. My favorite
thing to do though was in city of heroes make costumes, which is actually the same thing
that the only thing I like doing in DC universe. Why are you playing Barbie the game? You should
see how I play Sims. I spent all my Sim game building the damn house and deciding what
they're going to look like. That's what you fucking do in the Sims is you build a house.
But I don't do any of the get married and have babies shit. If I do anything, it's go
sit in the park and play guitar and get a lot of money and then go home. Hack computer,
go home. You are living out your fantasies of being a bum. That's what you're doing in
the Sims. You are living out your fantasies of being a bum. No, I can do that in real
life. I'm unemployed. No. All right. Fun, employed, fun, employed. Let's move on a couple
more news stories for you guys. Then we're going to get to the classic game of the week.
But first, Alan. Well, we have another classic game story before Dark Sakura gets into hers.
For those who remember the Sierra Online text adventure games, the big three franchises,
King's Quest, Space Quest, and Police Quest. Well, the fandom community for those games
is still going strong and a group called... You forgot Quest for Glory. Yeah, Quest for
Glory came later. Oh, judging you so hard right now. I love that series too. Infamous
dash adventures dot com just released their HD fan community remake of Space Quest II,
Vohaul's Revenge. The original came out in 1987. Space Quest only had two games that
were the really blocky 16 color EGA graphics. Why are you smirking? What do you want to
say? No, I'm looking at chat. I'm not smirking at you. I'm just looking at chat. I promise.
And then Space Quest III, The Pirates of Pestilon had a graphical update, even though it was
still text-based. But yeah, Space Quest II is probably the best one of the whole franchise
to be honest, or at least before they went to point and click. It took them five years
to get this out there. But yeah, it looks like on the 30th of December, just two days
ago, it's final. You can play Space Quest II with updated graphics due to the things
to the fans that go through and revamp this stuff. I would really suggest if you are interested
in this at all, you grab it now. It's free, right? Yeah. So you should probably grab it
now because as soon as everybody gets back to work on Monday and the lawyers are back
at work, there'll be a cease and desist letter. Any predictions tomorrow? Tuesday? This gets
cease and desisted? What do you think? I think by Monday, five o'clock. See, there's a different
community that remade King's Quest III, and I think four, Perils of Rosella, which I think
when I sat in for Dark Sakura was my pick for classic game. Those are still up there.
Those didn't get C&D'd. Really? Well, what about the whole silver lining thing? That
was a new property, I think is why. And then the fact that King's Quest... Telltale Games
is getting a new property. Right. And at the time we didn't know that King's Quest had
been handed off and there's gonna be a new one coming out from Telltale. And that silver
lining went through this whole ugly thing where it was like, yes, you can do the game
as a fan game. No, you can't do it at all. Okay, yes, you can do it, but it can't say
King's Quest on it. I mean, finally it fucking came out. But if that's what... I kind of
look at what happened to the silver lining and I'm like, this is not gonna last. Yeah.
There are fan remakes of some of the original King's Quest games that I know are still out
there that have been out for a year more. Also, King's Quest is Roberta and Ken Williams
and Space Quest is the two guys from Andromeda, Mark and Scott. And Roberta don't give a fuck
anymore. Yeah, she's... She has said fuck off to the game industry. She lives in a cabin
in the Yosemite. She has accomplished the American dream of living in a fort and get
off her property. Yeah. You know, bless her heart. But the fact that she did King's Quest,
somebody else owns it now. That's a pro. It's probably why she bought a fort. Yeah. You
know, and I'm not lying. I believe that she does live like in a outwards, you know, type
of thing. Yeah, but Space Quest 2 definitely improved on the first one. It's hard as hell.
It's text-based. Save often because you will die and it's possible, like with some of the
other Sierra games, to save your game past a point where you didn't pick up the item
that you need to beat the puzzle and you literally have to start over. And I just want to be
clear when I joke about the whole cease and desist thing. I don't want to see this thing
get cease and desisted. I think this is a great, you know, imitation is the finest form
of flattery. Yeah. And obviously people have very big spaces in their hearts for these
types of games of yesteryear. I will probably if I can download this and play it because
I used to love these games. You know, I was more of a King's Quest person than a Space
Quest, but nonetheless I'll still play and check it out. But I just, you know, I also
unfortunately am all too familiar with the business side of things and how these things
tend to get shut down. So we'll see. Well, just this last year, Streets of Rage got the
super hella fan remake and that was one, two and three plus a bunch of extra fan added
crap. That was up for a week before Sega was like, nah, nope. Take the hint game companies.
I mean, I realized Telltale's like kind of trying to crank those out and that's kind
of their niche now, but you know, they can't do everything. So maybe people want to see
it. They can try. It's Vivendi Activision that I think has the Sierra properties. I
will say I am stupid excited for a new King's Quest game from Telltale. I think it's going
to rock. Yeah. So I just, you know, please don't let me down with this Telltale. Please,
please don't let me down with it. But I, I'm, I have high hopes for that. That's, that's
a series that has been gone from the gaming community far too long as King's Quest. These
other games and King's Quest eight mask of eternity was a horrible nightmare. It never
really happened. So just, you know, I would have moved into a fort too if I pushed, put
that game out. Yeah. Yeah. Well no, that wasn't her, but I thought it was no mask of attorney
was developed by nothing to do with Kings. I thought she still kind of oversaw it or
her name was just on it because she ended grant. The plot of it was about some night
goat arriving in Daventry and becoming King after King Graham. But that the whole style
of it, cause it was like I so view three D where you like, it was like an action game.
It was, it was, it was awful is what it was. Yeah. So yeah, no, that wasn't Roberta Williams.
Huh? All right. I thought for some reason she had something to do with it, but maybe
it's just because she invented King's Quest and all. Anyhow, moving on. Uh, some stuff
that is coming to Xbox live arcade, thanks to all these different ratings boards around
the world, we know some of the games that are becoming to Xbox live arcade within the
next year. And there's some interesting things that are on here. Uh, AMY, but the battle
rising bang bang racing, deep black episode one and two defenders of our Dania dungeon
fighter live happy action theater haunt. I am alive. Uh, next week's coral Rayman three
hood, limb havoc, retro city rampage. That's that grand theft auto. We type game, uh, saints
row money shot, a spinoff game that apparently from what I was reading about this game, it's
some type of little mini game where you play the bullet and you try to go through as many
things as possible as the bullet. It sounds very over the top and very saints row, a scary
girl shank to the Simpsons arcade game that had been leaked earlier. Uh, sign Mora, Sonic
the hedgehog for episode two, uh, spelunky Tetris party challenge, warp world gone sour
and racketeer. That is like a compilation of everything over the past few months that
has been leaked from ratings boards and other websites. Uh, that's what the roster will
look like for 2012. That's a good six months or releases right there. I'm sure. So there
you go. All right, well, we've been talking a lot about classic games and indie games
and so forth. We need to take a step back in time to a simpler time when there was no
DLC or patches for games. If the game was broke, it was just broke. It's dark soccer
has picked a broken game. Just kidding. It is a little broken. Sometimes dark soccer
has picked a mighty fine game as a classic game of the week. And as I understand tonight,
kind of a, a nod to, you know, I don't usually pick these kinds of games, but that, that
dot, right? Well, actually it was one that I found myself enjoying quite a bit when it
came out. So this is going to be surprising to a lot of people, even though I've brought
it up before and the game is WWF WrestleMania 2000 for Nintendo 64. Yeah, I, I, I said it,
I picked it with its bad guitar synthesizer sound. Um, basically it, um, it came out in
1999 or it actually came out in 2000 in Japan for Nintendo 64. It was, um, based off of
their annual pay-per-view event. And honestly, this was when I was watching WWF regularly,
you know, during their whole attitude thing. It was the NWO and, uh, China, China. Yeah.
Oh man, that one was a mess. I was a big China fan at the time. You know, back when, uh,
everyone was laughing because, um, Stephanie McMahon got boob implants, like, and you can
totally tell the difference between one episode and the next. And you know, all the best divas
coming out at the time, you still had, um, uh, fabulous moolah and, uh, what was her
name? May, May, what's her name? Her buddy. They were, you know, we were both fantastic
wrestlers in their day. You're asking the wrong people wrestling trivia. May young,
May young, who would threaten to show her puppies. That was, that was like the best
era of wrestling ever. You know, you had Test back in the day and you had, uh, the Hardy
Boys and, uh, Kidman. Um, I remember his last name, but that was like the time that I would
totally be into wrestling. And Dan and I were both watching it and we loved it. So when
this game came out and everyone's like, this is the best wrestling game ever. You gotta
get it. Guess who got it? That was us. So, um, when it came out, it actually had like
this amazing story mode. You had Royal Rumble, you had King of the Ring, you had, uh, the
pay-per-views. Yeah. And the, the story modes were like watching the TV episodes, all the,
the, you know, steroidal man drama you can handle. Cause honestly I think that wrestling
is, uh, um, soap operas for straight dudes. No, some of the chatters are chiming in. Um,
you know, we're a little bit delayed here. May young, uh, ivory Tory Wilson, Lita, Billy
Kidman, attitude era, reality era. Yeah. And you know, you also had a lot of stuff going
on with, uh, Steve Austin. So there was that going on too. Yeah. I have never played this
game, but I'm loving in the background. I see some of the signs. One of the signs says
China suck it. That's awesome. I was hugely into WWF at the time. Um, like all babies
kids were, but there was a part where I think half of it was that I kind of grew out of
it and then half because I remember it was Roddy Piper versus Hulk Hogan. That was the
big, that was the, that was the big war of good and evil was Roddy Piper and Hulk Hogan.
And then a lot of the major characters left and it was stone cold. It was stone cold Steve
Austin that brought it back from the doldrums because they had an icon again that they could,
you know, he was, he was awesome. But by then I think I had outgrown it. Um, I remember
playing some of the, the PS one wrestling games that were good though. Yeah. Well I
have to tell you about, okay, the create a wrestler mode in this was actually super good
and they had a lot of the moves of some of the famous Japanese wrestlers who, because
what happens I think is that they saved the same engine and use it for like, um, whatever
the fire pro wrestling and the various ones over there. Um, but it had all the signature
moves and you could do custom, uh, a stage entrance when you did the create a character
so you could actually design everything that happened when they come out on the end of
the ring. You could choose their starting music and it would actually have loops of
some of the original music, but you know, it's an incentive 64 cartridge. It was really
limited on the samples that it can handle. Um, but it was just super fun. I mean, we,
Dan and I made this guy who is in degeneration X. Yeah, yeah. NWO was a WCW. Degeneration
X was the big one for, um, for WWF and we made this guy and he won every match and we
would just put him in autoplay mode so you could just watch him play. And, um, he went
every match in every title, including the women's belt. He beat China for the women's
title and it was just so super fun. It was a really fun game, but like some of the characters
that you had, the road warriors and Hulk Hogan and Taka Michinoku, who was a legend in Japan.
He did not get enough nods over here. You had, uh, um, you could actually create some
of the WCW characters because, um, I believe it was THQ, but they had the same, um, they
had done the other games too. So you could actually recreate Goldberg, Kevin Nash, Scott
Hall, you know, you can even make Macho Man. Uh, there were, um, if you had two, if you
were doing a tag team match and you actually picked people who were on the same team, it
would, you know, have them be introduced under their team name instead of just their individual
names. Um, you had, uh, all kinds of stuff. I think you could also do Hell in a Cell and
you could do, uh, I don't think you could do, I don't remember if the ladders, tables
and chairs matches were in it at the time, but those were pretty fun too. Um, you actually,
the commercials, I remember they were funny too because you had the Rock, um, doing Christmas
themed ads. Yeah, Kane was in it and the under faker, I mean the under biker, I mean the
undertaker. He's still around, right? Yeah, he's still doing it. I don't know why because
that man's had knee surgery and back surgery and everything else, surgery. You know, what
was the best about this? It had mankind in it. Oh wow. I remember him. Uh, Mick Foley.
Yes. And Mr. Sacco. He would put a dirty sock on his hand with a mouth drawn on it and shove
it in people's mouths. Oh, even I remember that. That was awesome. I remember insane.
I had to learn wrestling because one night and this, you can, I know this was the doing
of Travis and Jessica over at under station live because we used to all do Rocky horror
in Sacramento together. We did a wrestling night one night. I don't know who's suggesting
that was, but I somehow think Jessica was a part of it. I don't know why she has the
metal blade. I remember she was heavily involved in that, but I had to learn wrestling because
I had to play one of the characters because we did, we did, we played wrestling people
in Rocky horror. That was the invention of the metal bull bra. Yes, it was. I was supposed
to be Steve McMahon, the owner guy as Vince McMahon. I was Vince McMahon. Yeah. At least
I didn't say Ed McMahon. I was Vince McMahon as riffraff was fun. Cause like I had, I had
the sister or daughter or something. It was magenta and we were like boobs and we were,
you know, like riffraff and magenta in the movie. That's pretty funny. If you're into
Rocky horror, it was really funny. Like it's like, seriously, one of the most, um, fun
fucking shows we ever did because we actually had our own TLC match. It was tables, ladders
and cookie sheets. I'm sitting in front of the bar and we had a fucking table and a ladder
and a cookie sheet. That's great. And you know, I miss, I miss, um, the deadly boys
because they would actually set the, they used to be in ECW, which was like the really
hardcore wrestling association and they would just set tables on fire and throw each other
through it. Anyway, anyway, sorry, back to games. Anything else you want to say about
the game? Um, you could get special copies that had a special hologram card with it that
had, um, different pictures of in game action, like an entrance or a finish. So, but I mean,
it was just an awesome game and it had everything at the time that you would expect to see on
TV. And yeah, the music was kind of crap, but who cares? It was fun. And I mean, and
like I said, Dan and I would just, I would spend hours making a character and then let
them watch him play. Just watch him play it. Like we had that one dude who was in purple
and lime green who beat everybody. And I think he had like Sean Michael's hair. So, so he
had a bullet. All right. Anything else to say about wrestling? I miss when wrestling
was good. Some of the chatters would say it's still good. All right. There it is. Your classic
game of the week. Alan was going to say, you don't like John Cena, the John Cena era. I
like John Cena. I do like John Cena. I have to say, I like him because he doesn't look
over-weighted and he's actually good. I liked the rock because he wasn't acting then name
a good movie with the rock in it. Can't do it. I was actually going to say, um, the mummy
too, cause he was in it for five seconds and he was, whatever. All right. I did like scorpion
King. We're done. That's classic game of the week. That man looks good in tight pants.
WWF. Yes, because it was the WWF back then. WrestleMania 2000 on the Nintendo. All right.
We're going to take a break. When we come back, we have plenty more horizontal to come,
including the all important, the moment you've been waiting for all night. I'm sure game
of the year, 2011 discussion. I don't know what dark soccer is going to pick. I don't
know what Alan's going to pick. They may not. They, they don't know what I'm going to pick.
Alan thinks he knows, but maybe I changed my mind. So I'm worried at least one or two
of ours will be the same. So, well, we'll see. It's okay. Because you know, there is
no right or wrong answer. Also your picks for game of the week. We're going to come
up with the OLR game of the year for 2011. All when we come back, um, you might be surprised.
We'll see, or you might not be. We'll see. So we'll be back with plenty more of orange
launch radio right after this. Stay tuned. Welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio.
We are live on this first of January, happy new year, 2012 with the 440th episode of our
show from the new studio set up. Although if everything's been done, right, you shouldn't
really be able to tell at all that it's a new setup. Uh, Rob Roberts, of course here
with you with dark Sakura and Alan tonight filling in for Loki. It occurred to me, I
realize why we have less background noise and extra reverberation. What's that carpet.
That's yeah, that's a big part of it is that you don't have the sound bouncing everywhere.
Yeah. It's kind of the way it's partitioned is differently too. It's just, you know, setups
are going to be weird. So, uh, anyhow, Loki of course, we'll be back next week. I don't
want anyone thinking funny business is going on, but it is technically a holiday and, and
uh, he, like many other people has to go back to work tomorrow. So I think there's a dinner
thingy going on tonight that he's at. So, uh, he'll be back next week to talk game of
the year with us. Uh, but the three of us that are here tonight, we'll get into our
game of the year picks here shortly, but first we've got to talk about some rapid fire news.
So Alan, since you're filling in for Loki tonight, why don't you start us off by the
way, it was a slow news week. So, uh, there's kind of some less stories and we usually have
just, you know, yeah, there is a MMO coming out in China, I believe called the age of
Wulin and a certain gentleman, uh, who wants to play this game very much went to an auction
being held by the developers, snail games. And, uh, basically he bought an online item
for his character. Once this game comes out, he's going to have, I guess some Epic God
tier sword for his character that he spent, um, us dollar equivalent $16,000 for, for
a weapon for his tune in a game that no one knows sort of gigantic E penis if it's even
a good game or not. Now looking at the screenshot and I think this is a, um, yeah, the, the
official age of Wulin trailer it's on YouTube. It looks pretty. So vision, I mean, obviously
it's not some back alley studio that is making an ugly game. It looks pretty, but yeah, 16
grand for an Epic item. Also at this auction, they sold a, a sheath, meaning not a weapon.
It's the thing that you put your weapon in for your character for the hook of departure
for $1,600 and another sheath for the Lordly spear. I'm not, yeah, uh, for 2,500 just does
he get his name in the game or any special thing for spending this much money? I mean,
I don't know. Like I've heard of people like spending a lot of money on an eBay auction
because they can win a role in the game or the money goes to charity or you know, something.
But this doesn't appear to be the case. It sounds like, um, I would hope that this item
would be bound to his account. So whatever character he rolls can use it. Maybe he'll
be able to kick everyone's ass in PVP. I don't really know enough about the game to know
what this is going to do for him, but it looks like he received a commemorative plaque that
with his name engraved on it by a snail games saying the, you know, thou, Oh, this you now
own this sword and you're awesome cause you gave a 16 grand for it. Um, and it's a one
of a kind items. So the graphic, I guess of visually the texture of how the sword looks
in its name and its stats, he's the only one in the whole system that's going to have it.
So his EP will be even bigger. Yes. You know what? When I would do stuff like that for
my private servers on Ragnarok online, I would pay $5. Yeah. And I, when I was in the city
of heroes, I would buy their costume packs, which was about three to six bucks for like
mutant. Cause you know, when city of heroes like dark Sakura was saying there are millions
of combinations of costumes for your character, some of them were DLC. So I've spent money.
Um, I've raised change points. I've raised changed a, my main and wow. Um, I'm just not
spend what you could buy a automobile, uh, for a perk. I have the most I've given blizzard
is that I moved my character twice on wow. And that was, you know, that's 50 bucks that
adds up. And the more I think about it, the more it kind of irritates me because blizzard
kind of double dips in that way that you pay a monthly fee and you have all these micro
transactions, but you know, they, they have a quality fucking game. They can get away
with it for now. Yeah. That's why, that's why the star Wars thing actually excites me.
I think competition is healthy. I think competition is going to be very healthy thing. I hope
star Wars does legitimately, you know, even though I say two games can coexist, I do hope
the two games can kind of tug and pull from each other a little bit. It'll be, it'll help
us all in the long run. And for the record, all the cryptic points, I did a lot of that
in star Trek online. So that's why I have a defiant retrofit. And yeah, it looks like
this game in China is entering open beta this spring. So it's, I should sign up for it and
it looks like we are getting it here in the U S but it still needs to be put through open
beta in China. So I don't think there's really a due date on when we're going to get it here
soon. I played Ragnarok online in Korean. Yeah. So did I, I remember that, but for the
I was like, Jamie, what do I do here? Jamie, what do I do here? You played with me on the
American one on the American beta. I thought there was, I remember a translation patch
for the career. There was a translation patch because some of the NPCs were still in Korean.
Oh, okay. Then. All right. I played that one, but I played the Korean one before that. Whatever
one that great. All right. It was fun. And this article does make a brief mention of
the wank over elder scrolls for oblivion, which of course it was the game that came
out before Skyrim, which is a lot of making a lot of game of the year lists right now,
because oblivion had DLC where you could make pretty armor for your horse that literally
did nothing. It was just, you know, metal for your horse. I kind of think the gaming
community just needs to let that go. Like I understand that that is the quintessential
like thing that people will point out for DLC, but also at the same time, Bethesda has
come out and the industry has learned from that mistake that we will not do that again.
That was, you know, you know what, nobody was fucking doing it then and we did it and
we learned, you know? So, okay. Kind of a break. Anyhow, what else do you have for us?
What do I have for you? Hold on. Pirated games via torrents or use net or whatever a list
is. The Torrent Freak, which is a big sort of underground torrent news site, if a torrent
site gets, like the Pirate Bay, if they ever get raided, Torrent Freak is usually the site
that reports on it, you know, like, journalistically. They have compiled lists of the top pirated
games via piracy or by digital torrent download. For PC, we've got Crysis 2, Call of Duty Modern
Warfare 3, no surprise there, would have been probably number one if it came out earlier
in the year. Top Wii game downloads, Galaxy 2, Mario Sports Mix, surprisingly, and Xenoblade
Chronicles, which is... What the hell is Gal... Oh, Super Mario Galaxy 2. Yeah, sorry. Super
Mario Galaxy 2. Perfect. Okay. Mario Sports Mix and number three is interesting, Xenoblade
Chronicles, which you would think would be a no one cur game, but it's an issue of...
It was translated in English for the Europe market and according to this, the tally, 950,000
confirmed downloads via the various torrents that you could get this game on. And that's
a thing where if Nintendo didn't have their head up their ass and put that out here, then
maybe that number... But they are gonna put it out here, Alan. Yeah, too little, too late.
Anyone here who wanted it either bought it and paid the 90 bucks to import it for their
modded Wii from London or wherever their UK retailer is, or they pirated it. And of course,
Modern Warfare 3 access isn't a problem there because America is the biggest market for
that game and it's just people don't wanna pay 60 bucks for it. So sometimes it's just
an issue of people being cheap. All right. But yeah, and then a top 360 pirated downloads
via BitTorrent. Gears of War 3, no surprise there. And then of course, number two, Call
of Duty Modern Warfare 3. So all the... Mostly the big multiplayer games. All right. Moving
on to a couple... Speaking of piracy and torrents and all that, SOPA exists to try and shut
some of that down, but unfortunately, the way it's written, it leaves room for a lot
of other stuff to go wrong. And so obviously, a lot of internet savvy people are very much
against SOPA. We've talked about it here on this show before. Obviously, we don't support
it either here at Orange Lounge Radio. And it seems like the number of people that are
supporting it are dropping. Obviously, I don't think I need to touch on it here. It doesn't
really directly relate to video games, but I'm sure you've all heard about what GoDaddy's
been going through with this whole thing. And obviously, they had quite a number of
embarrassing PR stumbles, where I think you were hearing the Benny Hill theme playing
in the background with every press release. Well, the good news is that Nintendo, Sony,
and EA have all as well dropped SOPA support. An update to the government's list of SOPA
supporters show that the names are now no longer on there. Of course, there is no word
as to why. Is it because they saw the tech community backlash to what happened to GoDaddy,
or maybe that whole debacle made them rethink the position, or maybe they just, you know,
realized finally it was not a good idea? Whatever the reason, it's a relief to see these gaming
companies are finally dropping out and taking their names off the list. Hooray.
Some more rumors are floating around about Epic Mickey 2. Now, you might remember there
was an earlier rumor based on a survey that had been out there, some type of like focus
group thing that had people choosing the box art. Well, the rumors are circulating again
this week because I guess there was an online newsletter that Disney put out that just flat
out said Epic Mickey 2 is coming out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and Wii in fall of 2012. You
might remember the original Epic Mickey game was a Wii exclusive, but maybe because of
that or what, it didn't sell maybe as much as it could have. And so it's kind of interesting
in a way that it is getting a sequel after all. Supposedly the sequel, Epic Mickey 2,
will also have co-op play, including two player split screen, which is something we don't
see in games all the time anymore. One person will be Mickey, the other will be Oswald the
Lucky Rabbit. I love Oswald. So that's kind of cool. I like it because Epic Mickey kind
of brings the classic Disney stuff. I wonder if the bad guy now will be Mortimer. Don't
know. No word yet if Epic Mickey 2 may actually come out for Wii U instead of Wii. Right now
they're saying Wii and that the Wii U ought to be backwards compatible. So there you go,
Dark Sakura. Well, in other news, there's a fun little game that I just purchased today
called Bastion. And apparently other people have decided to buy it as well because it
exceeded $500,000. And that's an indie game. So I mean, it's really catching on, don't
you think? At any rate, that's with Steam and Xbox Live arcade sales. So, and my apologies,
I didn't mean dollars. That's 500,000 copies sold. My apologies. So yeah, good game. And
a lot of people think so. To be honest with some of the deals on Steam and so forth, I'm
surprised it's not higher. It's a quality game. Well, it's, you know, the story is also
like from what, a couple days ago? So maybe. Who knows? Who knows? And it just said exceeded
that. So. And also a really, really hard NES game has been translated into English. It's
called Takeshi's Challenge. And to quote the article here, the game was made by the devil.
One of the ROM modders, King Mike, has translated it into English so you can play it. Is it
like Beat Takeshi, the guy that was in Battle Royale? I want to think so. Actually, I'm
pretty sure that it is, but I can find out. I am the very sure that it is from Beat Takeshi.
Very cool. Yeah. And he had that, he sees, has the show that's been ripped off here as
Wipeout, right? And that they didn't, they didn't take Takeshi's castle and they had
the dubs that were on here in the States. Didn't they, wasn't that a thing? And that's
still on? Yeah, it was Takeshi's castle and it was what the ultimate challenge. Yes. Yes.
Exactly. So, all right. Hold on. What? Um, yeah, Takeshi no cho senjou and it is Beat
Takeshi, Takeshi Kitano. Nice. All right. Well, before we get into some more news, the time
has come for you to lip sync, wait, no, just kidding. For us to talk about the game of
the year of 2011. And we're going to go around the table and see what we here at OLR thought
was the game of the year. We're going to start with a community. Obviously it's the show
where every gamer has a voice and earlier this week on Facebook and Google plus in our
communities there, we asked you guys, what do you think is the game of the year? And
I wanted to make sure this is important. You guys understand there's no right or wrong
answer. The whole point of the show here is that it's where every gamer has a voice and
everybody's into something different. People can only afford sometimes to buy the games
that were from last year or, you know, not everybody is necessarily into RPGs or shooters
or racers. So I think this is important to really just kind of open it up to like, you
know, actual gamers that are enthusiastic enough to be listening to a podcast and fan
their page yet may not necessarily find the same critical darlings to be as successful.
Or maybe they did. I mean sometimes, you know, what the critics pick really is the cream
of the crop. So let's see. Let's start with the community first and see what some of you
guys out there said was the absolute bestest game to come out in 2011. Or I'm sorry that
you played in 2011. It may have been a game that actually came out previously. Because,
you know, God there'll probably be some games I don't get to play until 2012. Because 2011
was so crowded with so many good releases. Can I also start off by saying, it was a great
year for games. It really was. I know we come in here like every year and say that, but
well I don't, I actually don't think, I think some people have said, it seems like every
year we keep saying, how are we going to top last year? But I really feel like some years
weren't as good with games. Like I don't remember looking back at last year going this was the
best year ever for games. But this year was really, really, really good. Alright here's
some of what you guys picked. Over on Facebook, Zether said number 3 Mario Kart 7, the best
one. Number 2 Saints Row the 3rd, wacky insane, better than Grand Theft Auto 4 in every way.
And his number 1 game of the year is Portal 2, an excellent follow up with a very good
single player campaign and solid co-op. John Keegan said, I shouldn't say the full last
name, sorry, John K said over on Facebook, best 2011 game, Arkham City, based on the
variety of missions and improvement on an already awesome original. Otherwise I played
older games in 2011 of which Assassin's Creed 2 and Uncharted 2 topped the charts based
on an awesome story and solid gameplay. Derek W said, Resident Evil 4 HD, kind of a remake
of an older game. Great injection to a boring year of military shooters, looks beautiful.
Fallout New Vegas download content, the most rewarding and content heavy DLC seen yet.
And number 1, Skyrim, Fus Ro Dah. Tom S said Skyrim, Skyward Sword and Saints Row 3, didn't
really give reasons but those are the top 3. Mike B said, Gears of War 3, very well
done, kind of like a masterpiece of sci-fi shooters. Let me think about the other two.
Times up! Johnny R says, number 3, Alice Madness Returns, beautifully haunting sequel to one
of my most beloved games as a child. Number 2, Catherine, excellent puzzle game with a
rad story to go with it. Number 1, Mortal Kombat, great fighting game that stepped it
up with an amazing story mode. Oh, Mike B did come up and say, Saints Row 2, yes 2,
not 3, I just discovered it in 2011. Kashiiko Janai, I think it's DJ Janai, says, number
3, Super Mario Land 3D. I didn't watch a lot of El Hazzard, did I? A great blend of
traditional Mario and new Mario styles. If only Sonic could achieve this feat, oh snap.
Number 2, Portal 2, funny story, great puzzles, awesome acting. Number 1, Minecraft, the ultimate
never-ending sandbox of building ADD insanity. OMG! Joe R said, number 3, DDRX3 vs DDR Second
Mix, still some love for the Bomani games. Well, it was either this or DDR2 and I noticed
they still couldn't get the interface quite right. Number 2, La Mulana on the Wii, no
surprise there. I think I'm more surprised that it's not number 1. He says, take what
made Kade's story so great but throw in some extra block and switch puzzles. Also recently
announced that a PC port will come to Steam. Number 1, The Legend of Zelda Skyward Sword.
I'm digging up this one a lot more than Twilight Princess, great game expecting to sink at
least 30 hours in before I'm done. Bradley B said, number 3, Chime Super Deluxe, adds
4 good to great songs to the roster and adds perfect quads and changing layouts to further
add to the gameplay. Number 2, Portal 1, or excuse me, Portal 2, oops, number 2 is Portal
2, all around fun and adds so many more hilarious quotable quotes to the Portal universe. Number
1, Bastion, the narration makes what would be a pretty good action game a great one.
The narration adds a story that is full and vibrant and memorable. Miguel I says, Portal
2, best sequel ever. Forza 4, best driving game to date, a great combination of arcade
and simulation type racing. And Sequence, DDR and RPG combined into a really fun and
addicting game. Jim H says, Infamous 2 improves on everything from the first game and the
user generated content was a great addition. Number 2, LittleBigPlanet 2, any other year
the sequel to one of my all time favorite games that improves on the original would
be my number 1. And number 1 was Portal 2. He picked all 2's for his top list. Sticking
with the theme, it's an improvement on the original, has some of the best storytelling
and voice acting in gaming history. Add in the great gameplay and that makes it the game
of the year. Let me quickly run over to Google Plus because we had a few responses over there
as well. I wanted to read for you guys. And we had from DeadPixelLive commented, F1 2011,
Forza 4 and Pinball FX2. F1 2011 because it did what a sport sequel is supposed to do,
leave the good stuff in and add more good stuff. Forza 4 because the rival mode made
driving and competing fun. And Pinball FX2 because at the end of the year I realized
I had played it more than all my other games. Good reason. We have another response here,
it's written in Russian so I'm not sure how to say this so I apologize. Dark Soccer, do
you read Russian? No. Ok, so. Just pipe it through Google Translate. So unfortunately
name I can't read, sorry ignorant American. Says number 1, Deus Ex Human Revolution for
a great cyberpunk story and enjoyable gameplay. Too bad Exfer is not here. Exfer can read
Russian. Little known fact about Exfer. I remember when he was learning. Thanks to Nelly.
Number 2, Bastion, yeah cuz Loki's wife is Russian. And I remember all of the cards all
over your apartment and I almost learned to read Russian too. You'd think I'd know more
after living there but. Anyhow, number 2, Bastion for very polished representation,
great music and awesome narration. And number 3, The Witcher 2, Assassins of Kings for old
school hardcore RPG brought up to the next level on every aspect. Lastly, Wendy S says
number 3, Battlefield 3, favorite shooter, loved the way they did multiplayer player.
Number 2, NHL 12, favorite sports game, realistic simulation of hockey but not inaccessible.
And number 1, Portal 2 drew me in like nothing else could. So those are some of the responses
from Facebook and Google Plus. Very diverse. Did you guys catch that? Yes, but I put a
game on my list that they didn't. Interesting. So we're about to get to that here in a minute.
I wanted to quickly see if I could bring this up. I forgot to put it in the link or in the
show role because over on NeoGaf there's a thread where they're actually tracking what
the media, you know, all the different gaming outlets are naming as the game of the year.
So I kind of wanted to give you an idea what they were saying, kind of what the rest of
the internet is saying or what the critics are saying and so forth. Let's see. I'll have
to try and dig for this a little bit here. Any games that the chatters mentioned that
you were like, oh, I forgot about that game. No. Because they all like Angry Birds apparently.
I don't think anybody said Angry Birds actually. All right, here we go. I found it. So this
is from NeoGaf. Thank you to the folks over there that tallied this all together. Poster
was Cheesemeister. Has tallied up what the media. 72 different outlets has picked Skyrim,
and that's the number one. 22 outlets have picked Portal 2. 17 have picked Batman Arkham
City. Seven for Zelda Skyward Sword. Seven for Uncharted 3, Drake's Deception. No listener
put Uncharted 3. Very interesting. Four said Gears of War 3. Two said Bastion. Two said
Catherine. Two said Dark Souls. Two said Deus Ex Human Resolution. Two said L.A. Noire.
Again, surprised I didn't hear that from any of the chatters either. Two said Star Wars
The Old Republic. Two said Super Brothers Sword and Sorcery EP. And a handful of other
games got a mention as well. So, who cares about what the media thinks? Let's talk about
what we think. You know, I found our certificate where we were listed as the podcast of the
galaxy. Good. We have a little space on the new studio wall. I'll have to remember where
I put it. Go to Hobby Lobby and get a frame. Alright, let's go around top three picks.
Hobby Lobby my ass. I'm going to the dollar store. We're going to do this kind of like
we do Listless but without the elimination and not the voting so much. Let's go around.
And of course, justify your pick. Alan, we'll start with you. What is your number three
pick for best game of 2011? Skyrim. Skyrim. And 72 media outlets agree. I can see that.
Why did you pick Skyrim? It tries to do something that a lot of game developers are afraid to
do. Bethesda, rather, the makers of Skyrim. Ever since the original two Elder Scrolls
games which most people haven't played, Arena and I'm blanking on what the second one was,
there were sandbox games before Grand Theft Auto which is where that genre and that term
sandbox game came from. So you can literally do anything if you want to make a plate-wearing
warrior who casts spells. You can go exploring for hours, ignore the main plot completely
and still have stuff to do. Bethesda with Morrowind and Oblivion and now Skyrim, that's
always been their thing to make this really immersive, almost impossible to complete game
and Skyrim is the best attempt at it yet where even I know people in real life that have
played Morrowind Oblivion and it was such a burden, all this openness. They hated it
and Skyrim, there's something about it where they get better each time in streamlining
that combination of keeping your attention plus, holy shit, this is a whole huge world
to dink around in. Visually, it is gorgeous. It's one of the most beautiful games I've
ever played, especially on my PC which is now four years old. And yeah, it's for kind
of a... I get really into exploration and min-maxing stats and doing crafting and Skyrim
has all of that. It's a great game. Now is it just me or for a game as vast as Skyrim,
we really need a new fucking meme besides this arrow to the knee shit? I didn't get
that until I finally was in a town and I heard some dude, I used to be an adventurer like
you but then I took an arrow to the knee and I was like, oh thank you, it's something that
some dude says to you. Now I finally get that meme. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. It was from the
game but with a game so fucking huge, seriously there has to be something else. The 50,000
cheese wheels off the mountain was funnier than an arrow to the knee, I'm sorry. There's
a great picture of the Arl of Whiterun, the first king that you meet, where someone had
stacked hundreds of carrots, apples, cabbages all over him and they took a picture and he's
got his chin on his fist like a thinking man on his throne being all kingly and he's just
surrounded by like cabbages. It's awesome. Alright, DarkSakura, what is your number three
pick for game of the year? Batman Arkham City. Batman Arkham City, why'd you pick back Arkham
City? Because, and I honestly didn't play it but I watched Dan play it most of the time
and I just sit back and it's like watching a movie. It's what happens when you're married
or in a committed relationship, sometimes you let the other person do the driving, I
get it. Yeah, well, we've done that for tons of games between the two of us so, you know,
I just sit back and I totally dig the character designs. I love that they got Penguin right,
that he's this British gangster kind of guy, you know, and Catwoman was absolute hotness
except it is physically impossible to leap around like you do in four inch heels, just
like that. But it was, it was gorgeous a lot and had, Dan said that it took a little, you
know, time to get used to the control but the fact that it also brings over your information
from the last game is a big bonus. And, oh my god, Joker. Mark Hamill's last performance
as Joker. Maybe. No, officially. Yeah, but then they went and teased Arkham World and
you're like. He said on Twitter that he would come back specifically for a killing joke,
animated special. But yeah, it's interesting. Yeah. But throw enough money at him, he'll
do it. No, I don't think so. Get him better seats at the VGA's next year. But that was
just like a fantastic performance. And I really liked their Harley too, especially you find
the little Easter egg and, oops, spoilers, oops, you find a positive pregnancy test in
their little love nest. And then in one of the endings, she's singing to her baby. So
it's just lots of neat little things thrown about in there. And the whole business with
Hush, that was pretty cool because that was actually the last Batman thing I ever read
was Heart of Hush. I never, I was not a big DC person, but that was a really good storyline.
So yeah, it was really cool. It had lots of nods to just all kinds of different characters
and it was really neat. So that's, and also as a designer, love the design in the game.
It's beautiful for me. I just have to start off by saying this has been extraordinarily
hard this year. There have been so many, not just good, but phenomenal games this year
that I have, like, I, I told Alan like three days ago, what my list was going to be and
I've changed it since then. I've changed it several times since then. And even now in
my head, I'm like, do I really want to say this as number three or do I want to put this
game in there because this game was so fucking good. Um, but I'm, I'm going to just commit
to what, what I'm going to say here. And I really think, you know, I kind of look back
at fun and what game did I really enjoy? Um, I think my, my number three game of the year
is, um, Super Mario 3D Land on the 3DS because it, you know, and I said this on the show
when I first reviewed it, I really think it is the greatest Mario game they have done
since, uh, the Super Nintendo one. I think it's just the 3D works. It makes you understand
why a 3DS, you know, can, can work. Um, it's one of those games where you keep peeling
back the layers and even though it seems like, God, this game is easy as cake in the beginning,
it just gets crazier and crazier as you move on. Uh, it has a lot of the retro stuff that,
you know, you know, we love retro games here at OLR that we love. I just, I, it's such
a worthy reason to own a 3DS. And I think that Mario 3D Land is my number three pick
for game of the year. I think it might very well be the only 3DS game right now where
the 3D is more than just, oh, that looks neat. Cool. Absolutely. It's in 3D. When you play
Super Mario 3D Land, the 3D is an integral, integral part of the gameplay and the experience
and turning it down, turning that little notch down on the side, like, it damages the game.
And I love that you can have the, uh, you can invert the 3D too. Like, it's, it's hard
to explain unless you do it, but it's very easy. You have it pop out or be recessed inwards.
But it's still 3D. It's great. Uh, and I gotta remind you guys, I think still to this day
that Mario 64 was quite a bit overrated because of a lot of its move to 3D. Yet I love what
3D has done to Mario here. I look at myself and I can't justify it. Like, it just works.
And that's why I think it's, it's one of the greatest games to come out this year. Absolutely.
Um, Salacious Pop or Alan, your number two pick. Probably gonna say Dragon Age Origins,
since you said this could be games that we played, um, in this year rather than came
out. Uh, one of the reasons why I'm going back to a game from 2009 is that a lot of
the big, the big A-list games that came out, like Deus Ex, I haven't played them, so I
don't wanna talk out of my ass and hype up a game I've never played. Um, BioWare, ever
since, you know, the original Knights of the Old Republic RPG has shown that they are one
of the best narrative and character writers in the industry. Um, I would say even better
than Blizzard and Valve. And the twists and the, like, Alistair in Morrigan, who's, he's
the, um, other Grey Warden in Morrigan is the Witch of the Wild, they're the first two
NPCs you pick up. They're so engaging and I was fascinated with each of them for completely
different reasons and they were acted and written so well. And I was very invested in
how I manipulated the game to make sure that I got endings that were right for them. And,
uh, it's, Origins is the spiritual successor to Baldur's Gate and a lot of the, um, D&D
game-based games that BioWare wrote in the 90s. And Dragon Age 2, if you play it, which
I believe that came out earlier this year, um, the menu and the UI, it's all very new
school. I'm not saying Dragon Age 2 is a bad game, but you can tell right away, even just
by the menus, that it's a different, Origins really harkens back to the 90s experience
for me, but with a present-day game or story.
Alright, so even though you went with a game that's a couple years old, you can do that
because this is your picks for best game of 2011 and sometimes you don't discover the
games till later.
Yeah, so for anyone who overlooked Origins, um, yeah, it's still relevant. Play it.
Alright, fair enough. Dark Sakura, your number two pick.
Ultimate Marvel vs. Ca- Marvel vs. Capcom 3. Galactus Flick. Bing! Making my hand hurt.
Awesome cast. Firebrand. Um, but I still go back and play Phoenix more than anything.
It's just fun. And She-Hulk, of course, because She-Hulk is hardcore. But yeah, it's just
a fun fighting game. It brought out all the DLC characters plus more characters that people
wanted to see except for no freaking Mega Man. But other than that, perfect. Fighting
game perfection.
Didn't bother you that it was only six months after the other Marvel vs. Capcom that also
came out this year?
No. Not really. I didn't buy any of the DLC.
There you go.
And you know, the tweaks and the gameplay actually made it worth it. It felt different
enough.
Alright. Um, my number two game of the year. It's one that's already been named, but I
think it's a game absolutely worthy of the list. I never expected to enjoy Batman Arkham
City as much as I did. And I, you know, I like Batman all the way back to like the Adam
West Batman. I admit I'm not as into reading the comics. I'm not as into the animated series.
I mean, I watched it a little bit when I was a kid. So I don't know the Mark Hamill Joker.
I don't know the characterizations of these characters as much as some of y'all do. But
I, I'll be damned if I didn't just love this game. I mean, it's just the story in it is
outstanding. The way they juggle all of the villains without making it seem like cheesy
or over the top is great. I love the exploration. Love, love, love the grand theft Batman style
thing that they have going on. Um, I think the DLC has done rather tastefully the way
you can have, I mean, the whole Catwoman debacle outside where some people didn't have their
codes, the stuff they kind of been doing beyond that, like the Nightwing and everything I
think is neat expansions to the game. I love the side missions. It's, it's a rewarding
experience and it's, it's, it's the total package when it comes to a video game. Absolutely
is. I have to ask you, did you do the, um, the, that were Catwoman abandons Batman? Yes.
Isn't it great? Yes. Screw him. She's such a bitch. Yeah, no, the way that, I mean, just
the way the characters are done alone, it makes the game outstanding, but just, it's
just, I think you said it well when you said you didn't even play it and it was like watching
a movie and that's how good it is. I mean, and then do you even take it a step further
and actually kind of like get your hands on it and be in control is, is just outstanding.
I did actually play a little bit of it. I mean, I'm not going to say I didn't play any
of it, but it, it was Dan's save and I had, since I'd seen so much of it, I was like,
there's no point, but I might go back and do it myself now. So much to go back for with
the Riddler trophies and the little side in the Riddler mission. Oh my God. I barely dented
that, which is actually pretty messed up. Yeah. And not that hard. So, all right, so
now we're going to go around and get Z number one picks. Oh my gosh, here it is. The game
of the year. According to us, Alan portal two, it really elevated the first game and
it's very rare for when a sequel makes the game that came before it a better experience.
It really showed that valve is a heavy hitter when it comes to casting a voice talent narrative
writing and it's a hilarious game. It's an emotional game. You feel sympathetic for both
Wheatley and GLaDOS. You would learn so much backstory for pretty much everyone, including
even shell, if you know how to look for it. And it's, it's a very it's really just holds
on to you to never let's go. It's, it's, it's quick. If once you beat it once, if you love
the story so much, you can run through it again in a couple hours and it never feels
stale. And it really valve, especially with half-life two episodes, one and two really
have tried to increase their game as far as script writing and story being told through
dialogue. But portal two is where they're really like, you're going to listen to this
and you're going to be invested in these characters. And also here's awesome puzzle, you know,
puzzle cracking to where you have to need to figure out what to do. So, all right, well
justified. Dark soccer, your number one game of the year. I will answer it with a sound
from my phone if it will play. I hope that made it through. It might have a little bit.
It's a little quiet, but it made through it's a portal to definitely cause for all the same
reasons that Alan said, and I've beaten it 10 times in single player mode, more than
10 times now in single player mode, I keep playing through that game. I've probably played
through that game once a month and I go and explore and look for stuff. And while I haven't
done the no clipping trick to, you know, see how the levels are put together, I still have
such a good time every time. And actually, um, I've sat back now and watched, uh, the
ending through third player mode. So it's kind of funny seeing these disembodied arms
floating about for Chell instead of, you know, seeing her whole body attached to everything,
you know, but that's, you know, part of the perspective and part of the camera. So it's
very neat and poor Wheatley. And I love that actor so much. I was watching him on Graham
Norton one time where he was paid a thousand pounds to be donated to charity to do a somersault
on stage and he had never done one before. And this man is tall. This man is like a moose
for well, people would get my reference from Supernatural, but anyway, he's tall. He's
very tall, very lanky. I think he's taller than you, Alan. Yeah. And just watching how
good natured he is and the fact that he brings so much of himself into the character, I thought
it was perfect. And you can really hear that fun part, even when Wheatley's being an evil
bastard. It's just awesome. So that, and you know, the, the giant mutant potato and all
of the reoccurring jokes. And I would even, I even went in and tried to find all the stuff
that did make it into the final game, like the Garfield conversation in co-op mode, where
apparently two little robots, Atlas and Peabody were supposed to go and find a Garfield comic.
And she glad us rewrites it to say that John Arbuckle filled the house with neurotoxin.
Too bad it's not Garfield without Garfield. God, that's great. I'll have to find you the
little file to play. So, all right. Um, my number one game of the year might surprise
some people. Um, but I, I really had to sit back and go. I don't ever, I don't ever beat
video games anymore. And I think a lot of it has to do with the fact that maybe I play
these MMOs games. You can't beat the fact that I do this show, or I just love video
games so much that I try to play as many games as possible. So I'm just never, I never have
that attention span to play, to finish a game. And I know it's a notorious joke on the show.
What bad gamer ADD I have that I never finish games. It's like, Ooh, sparkly. Go that, go
here. But there was one game that came out this year that said, sit down and fucking
play me till I'm finished. Just dance ABBA. That was the best 30 minutes of my life. Contemplated
no, no, it's not just dance ABBA. Shut up. Uh, you can't beat just dance ABBA. Uh, but
I have, I was absolutely sucked into this game start to finish. And it's just, it's
an amazing fucking video game. And it's, it's the best video game of the year. It's portal
to absolutely without question is best video game of the year. And it's, it's, it's everything
these two said. And I will emphasize the fact that this game probably still would have been
the game of the year without the co-op or the shit that they're, they've been adding
to it since then. Haven't even touched COVID. Same. I haven't, I did play a little bit of
the co-op. I beat co-op. I play a little bit of it and it's like, you know, that just further
enhanced the experience of what was already an amazing game. And you know, the story was,
was great. And I have to admit the first game I L I liked, but I didn't like love like dark
soccer did or something. But this game, I think as Alan said a minute ago, made the
first game that much better. It was so good. So, um, absolutely. Portal twos, my game of
the year. So interesting that all three of us picked the same game in portal one, 90%
of the story happened in the last, what, two levels of it. And the story up until then
you could read the signs and a lot of it was really implied. And then at the end, the finale,
when you're doing the big escape, that's where you figure out, Oh, okay. Portal two just
hits the ground running. You already know what the story is and it just keeps getting
better and better and better and better. Oh yeah. Uh, this is what you wanted me to play
dark soccer here. Yeah. Oh, and by the way, you made it to one of the human habitats.
We're looking for an artifact. Think of it as an archeological dig. Their laughter centered
around one of the objects in this room. That's it. Scan it for me. So this cat loves lasagna
so much that he eats all of the lasagna in his house. Oh, apparently it's not the cat's
house or his lasagna. Oh, good. The man who owns the lasagna is furious. The end. The
end. That's not funny. Do either of you feel like laughing? All right. I'm pulling you
out. Welcome back. While you were dead, I reworked the cartoon. It's up on the screen.
As you can see in my version, the man points out to the cat that the house is equipped
with deadly neurotoxin dispensers. That which point the cat reflects on the time he ate
all of the man's lasagna and feels remorse briefly. Reactions. Yes. It's funny because
most of it actually happened. Do you feel more human? Well, let's do some tests and
see what happens. Nice. Yeah. Oh, and by the way, I was telling the chat room earlier,
but Dan and I were at Disneyland in line for space mountain going and the best of space.
Space. Yeah. I, I, I, again, I stand by what we said earlier. We did not compare lists.
So I had no idea that, well, I kind of knew dark soccer will go for portal two is number
one. Like, you know, I just, there was no question. I didn't know Alan was going to
go there too. So, um, very, very interesting that we all picked the same game. I would
say for the first time in 10 years, I think we've all picked the same game, but hold on.
Loki's not here. And I kind of don't think Loki's going to go that way. He'd go saints.
I think that's on a four. Well, that didn't come out this year. I think that was his game
last year. I think he's going to go saints row the third, which admittedly I thought
you, I thought it was going to be, Oh, I, it was so fucking, how is Skyrim not on my
list? How, how is Skyrim not on my list? It wasn't, it was that good of a year for games.
I mean, sky or Skyrim absolutely should be in my top three. I'm kind of don't care about
Skyrim, but you, you, you're not really into those types of games though. I wouldn't expect
you to like Skyrim yet. All this, all the crap that people do in Skyrim, I tried to
do and wow, 50,000 cheese wheels off the side of the mountain, but I tried to like climb
every mountain and try to get to places that no one can get to. And, but no, I will admit
for quite some time, uh, saints row the third, just because of the fact, just the fun factor
part of it, like that I have not laughed that fucking hard at a video game. Well, except
maybe portal two. No, I don't even think, I don't think portal two, I laughed as hard
as I did as saints row the third. I mean, it's just that fucking good, but it's just,
I look back and I go, your three favorites got to make a commitment. And I think Mario
edges it out slightly combustible lemons. So there you go. That was the part that cracked
me up to no end. I think we'll be able to say portal two is going to end up the official
OLR game of the year, just looking at the, uh, uh, feedback and so forth. But I, I Loki
needs to have his say, so we'll get his input next week on what he thinks the top three
games of the year are. Any guesses for Loki games? I mean, I think we have all said saints
row. The third will probably be his number one, but what else for Loki games? Skylanders.
I think he'll put Skyrim on there too. I think he'll, I think he'll put, I think he's going
to put, what's that battlefield game. He loves battlefield three. No, not battlefield. What
am I saying? Like actual battlefield. No. Um, the 1840 or 1940 whatever that he plays
with the ants. Oh, modern war. But they play call of duty modern warfare two right now.
Oh, I don't know. So we'll, we'll see. I just not Loki loves sandbox games. He loves sandbox
games more than anything. So that's why I think it's going to be Skyrim and saints are
three saints row the third for sure. Yeah. But I don't know what else is going to have
room in there. He'll kind of just say, ah, he'll, he'll just pull it out of his butt.
He might go with portal two for like number three. I think he really did enjoy that. So
we'll see. Only Loki knows. So he'll be back next week. Trismo five this year. No, I don't
think he'd go for that anyway. So I'm thinking more Dan something if, if he could fuck around
with it and hack it and stuff, that's the type of stuff he likes. I think his list will
be portal to Skyrim and saints row the third, but we'll see. All right. I found you something
else to play. You must play it. Oh, act deaf. And I think this is what you were thinking
of earth defense force. Yeah, I think. Yeah. Thank you. Good. Good call. Act deaf. Absolutely.
Earth defense force will probably be in there. Okay. There's the last thing. It's short.
Okay. Oh, what? Oh, you sent me to play. All right. One more thing. All right. Because
we love portal so much. All right. Make this quick. I am a whore for portal. Yes. And that
made me a hortil. That is earth defense force. Insect Armageddon. Yeah. He'd probably put
that on this list. All right. Here we go. I've been thinking when life gives you lemons
don't make lemonade. Make life. Take the lemons back. Get mad. I don't want your damn lemons.
What am I supposed to do with these? Demand to see life's manager. Make life rule the
day it thought it could give cave Johnson lemons. Do you know who I am? I'm the man
who's going to burn your house down with the lemons. I'm going to get my engineers to invent
a combustible lemon that burns your house down. Burning people. He says what we're all
thinking. All right. Yeah. I'm sorry. I don't have the one that had got us on there cause
her comments make it extra funny. All right. So there it is. Our game of the year discussion.
Hope you guys enjoyed or if you didn't, well, you're welcome to your own opinion. No. Well,
we got your plenty of your opinions, uh, on the, I was surprised that only one person
said Skyrim. I just, you know, when 72 media outlets say it, I'm kind of surprised, but
I think maybe for a lot of people, it's one of those games where it's like Skyrim. It's
up there, but it just, it just didn't crack the top three. I was limited by the fact that
I play games two to three years late. And the fact that I'm playing Skyrim when it's
only three years old is actually kind of amazing. And it's thanks to you getting three months
old. Thanks to you getting it for me when it was cheap. All right. All right. Let's
move on. Uh, more gaming news for you guys. We've got the mailbag FUs of the week and
of course your phone calls coming up in just a little bit. Um, so let's go to Alan with
some more news. So there's been a lot of wank going on, uh, lately due to a feisty, um,
valve employee who was seen at an event wearing a half life. It's the half life lambda circle
logo with a three on it. And people saw that and were like, Ooh, half life three is coming.
Um, I'm a huge half life fan. And for those listening who don't remember half life to
proper came out in 2004, um, nearly 10 years ago and half life to episode two came out
in the orange box, which I believe when it, that was what, September of seven when portal
one came out. Yeah. So that's pushing, um, four or five years now. So people are like
valve, what is going on with half life three or at least half life to episode three. Thanks
to this t-shirt people thought, um, it's, it's coming. Like this is, this is a tease.
Um, ultimately, uh, Chet Falisek, who is a writer for half life and left for dead. And
he also occasionally hits up the official forums has said that all of the rumors that
the half life community on the official forums has sort of dredged out and saying that valve
is working up to something. There's an, there's an alternate reality game similar to what
portal two had when they updated the ending to portal one, where you call into like modems
and you download all of these images, all the, the portal two stuff, it's all trolling.
It's all trolling by half life fans like myself, just trolling the shadow of each other. Um,
there's no official ARG or if there is, of course it's, it's one of those sort of, you
can kind of see through the, the subtext of his response saying, uh, you know, uh, this
is his official response. You, you are being trolled. There is no ARG Wheatley speech was
set in portal two fiction. That is all. There has been no directive from Gabe to leak anything.
That is all false. So I would imagine there is something to leak, but you know, it's,
it's all under lock and key by valve. I'm finishing his quote. I just want to say, I
just want to say this. So there is no confusion. This is the community trolling the community.
Nothing more while it is nice to see people excited about anything half life. I hate seeing
people be trolled like this. Thanks. So what we get out of this story is valve is still
committed to half life. It's still going to take them a couple of years to put out any
sequel. They haven't canceled. Obviously it's their bread and butter. It's the reason why
valve is the company is it is, but all of this stuff that we're seeing right now to
do that employee with his t-shirt, it's all just trolling. They aren't, they aren't ready.
How does that make you feel as a half life fan? Oh, frustrated. But you kind of knew,
right? The minute you saw the shirt, I think you even said to me, somebody's just trolling
better than he came out and said it. Yeah, that's true. Just leaving it to speculation.
Even if he did get disciplined for it, it probably, you know, it's not a fireable offense
for him to make a custom t-shirt that he knew was going to get the fandom to, you know,
lose their minds. And even if he did get in trouble for it, we're not, we're not privy
to that information. It's none of our business. And plus how could valve not be doing half
life three eventually, you know, like you said, it's their bread and butter and it's
like, it's just, they probably just keep going back and changing stuff. I don't know. I kind
of think it's coming soon. They're like, what else is left for valve to do? Unless it's
well, they're doing defense defense, defense of the ancients. That's in beta. Now defense
is going to be out before he three. So what's valve got to talk about at E3 this year? Left
for dead three. Well, I shouldn't say that cause I mean, it's not like left for dead
is a bad franchise. Or if they came out and said portal three, I think we'd all blow a
load. You know, that would be great. But maybe it's a little too soon for portal three. You
know, I would, even though I'm not as into half life as you, I'm kind of like, okay,
give the half life fan, throw them a fucking bone. Let this be their year. 2012 is the
end of the world after all. Let them have their goddamn half life. It was six years
between one and two and it's now it's eight between two and conceivably three if they
would say anything about it. So it's just like, we know that you're working on it. We
just want throw us a bone. And they're like, no, we're not ready. They're like blizzard.
They're not going to tell a shit. And this is all just trolling that's going on right
now. All right. At least you'll have defense of the ancients to hold you over. No one curve.
All right. Uh, moving on to what I find to be kind of an interesting thing that happened.
This has to do with the game fallout new Vegas. And I guess what happened is that the lead
designer behind fallout new Vegas actually released a mod to go with the game. Uh, it's
not an official patch because, and of course now the source story isn't loading for me,
but I read it earlier and the official patch, uh, or they didn't want to officially patch
it because it was changing the games in ways that they may not want to subject everybody
to in terms of balancing and so on. So I think it's interesting that they, uh, kind of did
it this way without doing an official mod. There we go. Now the story is loaded for me
here. Um, you can download this mod direct from lead designer J E Sawyer and his website
is Diogenes dash lamp dot info slash J Sawyer underscore FNV underscore mod.zip. But yeah,
it's for fallout new Vegas. It will, uh, turn up the difficulty, uh, putting it up there
to what he wanted in terms of difficulty. Hence part of the reasons why they don't want
to put it out there for everybody. And he also just kind of said, you know what, the
game's over, the ship sailed, nobody's working on it anymore. There's no testers, there's
nothing. This is just me doing what I want to do in my free time. So fallout new Vegas
is done. So hold out hope for fallout four, I suppose, which would, I would think going
to be their next game. Now that Skyrim is out there, I'll let new Vegas is pretty, pretty
good. I have to say. Yeah. So there you go. There is by the way, an ultimate edition of
fallout new Vegas coming out on February 7th. That's, but that's just all the DLC from fallout
new Vegas originally all put together in one little package there. All righty, let's go
to the mailbag. Yes. Every week you guys send us emails at mailbag at orange lounge trader
dot com and dark soccer threatens to not read them, but then we beat her until she does
beat, beat, beat that bat, bat, bat, bat. Okay. I'm going to treat you like a Justin
Bieber pinata. Those things were hideous. Just some paper plates and party hats stapled
together. Okay. So the first email comes from Robert M. Somehow I get the feeling that Jamie
if she's in studio tonight has already seen this. What were you anticipating when I was
definitely not being here, but I mean I wasn't really seriously thinking of calling in. Okay.
If so, please post this link to the chat room and stop reading this now. Otherwise here's
a pro toy, a customizer's version of the metal slug tank. Best of luck in the year ahead.
And yeah, I, um, I did see this and I will post it in the chat room and if Rama will
be so kind as to, uh, put this picture and the link to the article on, uh, our tumble
bubble. That's a little Lego. It's a Lego. It's cute. Uh, metal slug. Yeah. So I will
post this in the chat room now. You know, also this music makes me kind of wish I was
going on the Matterhorn cause it's kind of the same. Anyway, so this is comes from Holly
D. Hey guys, I just wanted to share something that popped into my head when I heard about
the poor guys on your show who have had their Xbox live impose screwed with, particularly
the guy who said he gave them information to investigate and then they said his credentials
weren't right even though they hadn't changed since he opened the case. We had a similar
experience with Comcast over my internet bill except it wasn't a hacking. It was customer
service fail. I switched to internet and cable from internet service. Well, next time I called
to check the installation time was from my number. I gave it and they told me I was wrong.
I was like WTF. The first one pretty much hung up on me. So I called back again. This
woman told me she could not access the account with me even though I was calling about an
appointment I obviously knew already. I argued with this woman for an hour and she finally
found that my account had been closed and then the guy who set up the new service opened
a new one and put in some bs number. So I had to reopen the old account, but she kept
insisting that I had to go physically to one of their locations to fix it. I said like
hell I was and I pointed out to her that if they weren't allowed to change the number,
then who the hell gave him permission to change it in the first place. So she should could
clearly see it had changed. After that she put me on the phone with her supervisor who
fixed it. Took about two hours total. The basic point of this is to say that is to say
try to point out the flaws in their logic and demand who know who authorized changing
the information. It gets results sometimes because you know if they're claiming they
can't change it, then they sure as hell know who authorized the first change. I hope it
helps and I hope they get their accounts back soon, Holly D. Yeah. You know what happened
with Comcast with us? We were supposed to have everything fixed on Thursday and Dan
the night before, Dan had a phone call, an automated phone call that said Thursday and
Dan had taken Thursday off work. Well then he goes to check it in the morning and it
said Friday when Dan had to be at work. So he called me. I told him to call his supervisor,
but I was also you know seven in the morning and asleep. So I just want to say Comcast
automation, these automations and computers and stuff just leads to trouble. It's a problem.
Fail is what it is. She had to talk to a human being to get anything done. Well, no, he Dan
tried to talk to a human being and she wouldn't change it. Hey guys, it's Blade3 again. Just
wanted to say sorry about my grammar a couple of weeks. I'm, I gave everyone a hard time.
She gives everyone shit. But use a period after I go please. I was on a PSP 2000 semicolon
and comma. That's wrong. By the way, I was wondering what studio equipment you use and
setting up a recording studio and I was curious that should have a you in it about your mics
and whatnot. Please keep it IP I guess it is it up the awesome work. Well, it's not
as complicated as you think the setup. I know for a show that's been around as long as we
have you think we'd have this fancy thing going on, but it's actually not that complicated.
Our first board came off the eBay. Yeah, the first board came off of eBay. The board we're
using right now. We did upgrade to a newer board some time ago and I'll tell you it's
what's called a Euro rack. Yeah, it's by Beringer. You be one two two two fx Pro. There are pictures
if you look at the new studio pictures or as long as you do.com you can see the mixing
board sitting there in the background. It's really as simple as we have three microphones
and they're all hodgepodge microphones. I'll take a picture and put it up right. I've got
a RadioShack in my hand. Yeah, Loki's is from RadioShack dark soccer is a Beringer mic that
I think she picked up when she picked up the board. Yeah, mine was donated by DDR Angel
like eight years ago and it still works. She's like this is an expensive mic and I want you
guys to have it and it still works. This is actually I bought this one because my old
mic died. Well, the DDR Angel mic is also a backup mic because it is sold. We actually
had another mic that broke and then you've got your courthouse one in the other room.
Yeah, I know what that one's from. They all I think it's another RadioShack mic but they
all it's like a newer RadioShack mic. Yeah, so they all plug into the board and then you
know every mic that I've bought I've gotten at Guitar Center. Ah, and every mic I think
I've got at RadioShack maybe one at Fry's but anyway they all plug into the board. We
try to equalize things on the board. I realize our voices are not always equalized. We try
best we can to adjust things on the fly but unfortunately sometimes some of my co-hosts
especially Dark Soccer and Loki tend to be very quiet if they're in a bad mood. Ah, and
then they get very excited. Loki's worse though. I can talk about him because he's not here.
Loki's a lot worse. By the way, look at our website and our little photos at top. I just
sent a picture of the computer and the soundboard. By themselves. And the computer was donated
by the listeners. The monitor is from Dan's mom. It's okay when Dan's grandmom got a new
computer we took the monitor. So that's one of our spare monitors. So it's just a simple
flat screen monitor and the computer was donated by the listeners which was an awesome gesture.
That was when I had the DevaFit one episode and I stormed off the set because what had
happened? I think the show just kind of died in the middle like we were having the computer
didn't the sound card? Sound card went out and wrapped in the middle of the show. I think
the graphic card went out too. And then somebody in chat just you know sometimes and they you
know and the person apologized to me afterwards so I don't mean to like dig up this four year
old drama but it was you know just unfortunately say the wrong thing at the wrong moment and
I just fucking lost it. And you know it was a moment when Travis called me the next day
to go that was the best thing that has ever happened on OLR. And Travis doesn't say nice
things about OLR very often. But he called me to say Rob that was the best thing you
ever did on OLR. But the listeners after hearing that actually pulled together and bought a
new computer and we use it to this day. I was in studio Dark Sakura when the show computer
before this one it was going to be my I think my second or third guest appearance on OLR
was when we had just started dating where the old show computer died. It went to put
old show. That's the that's the one that the fans put together for you. It was the old
big one. Oh in this in the garage studio. No no no. It was that it was it. No we we've
had this one since then. It must be something most of the laptop. This this one. This was
the computer that we got at my house. Right. Then we had the blue one the white and blue
one that was a fan donation. No no no. That was my donation. That was yours. That's right.
But that's the one that crapped out on that show. Yeah. That caused me to lose it. No
because it was five thirty and you were firing up the computer and getting everything ready
and it just it would it died. It stopped. Oh yeah. Something happened right before we
got it. No that was we were able to fix it. We were able to fix it. Something it was something
we found out later on was like a setting or something was screwed up but we were able
to fix it. But it just screwed the show that night. So. And yeah and also the this sound
board that you guys have just goes into the line in on your sound card and then you guys
use what audition for the yeah we use audition for the for the podcasting itself. Yeah. Yeah.
The mixing board goes into the computer through the line in and then it's all recorded straight
in Adobe Audition. I'll tell you the secret that a lot of people kind of wonder about
is that how do we have the Skype and the music and everything all through the same sound
like we you know it's sometimes it's kind of hard to do. You have to have a really nice
sound card just get a nice sound card and we have a sound blaster card has to be capable
of what you hear. Yes you need something that's called what you with the letter U here and
the what you hear component on the sound card is what allows us to do Skype calls without
call graph do you know just have everything plug into the external mixer. My old laptop
had the capability except for that card it was actually listed as speaker output. So
so yeah well different sound cards anything that came in you want to have it set to anything
that's going to come out of the speaker. I think somebody explained it to me as you want
a full duplex card and not a half duplex card because full duplex is what's capable in and
out at the same time. Yes that's very important to spend if you're going to do podcast your
computer spend the extra money to get a nicer sound card and you'll be set. My nice awesome
quad core computer doesn't have a sound card that does that but my old crappy laptop does.
Yeah weird. So in the chat dark Tetsuya says oh I think he had that clip on under station
live not too long after there's a clip. Oh Lord. Well I got it probably was all recorded
on Justin T.V. because we were or did Justin T.V. go out when the rest of it went out.
I remember we were using Justin T.V. I don't remember. I will because we were in the garage
studio when that happened. Yeah I think Justin T.V. was out but I don't remember. It was
so long ago now I'm sure that clip will show up soon enough though. And Rama says it sound
blaster autogy or better. That's what you're going to want out of a card. Anyway that's
my very long winded memory lane answer to that short question. Well we have one last
email. And actually it's from well I didn't I'm just gonna say from Nigel. Here's an article
from the Guardian UK national newspaper. I read the Guardian all the time. So yeah that
might interest one dark Sakura. And here it is playing video games makes me sick is what
it's called. And from I scammed it over and I'll go ahead and read this bit of the paragraph.
You know and he's talking about playing Modern Warfare 3. This is he says I'm insanely jealous
because I can't play it. This isn't because I haven't got a necessary game console or
don't like shooting people. I have and I do. After a mere 30 minutes of playing them I
have to run to the bathroom to throw up. I'm not alone either. Where there is little research
into video games and what has been called simulation sickness estimates suggest that
between 10 percent and 50 percent of people may suffer to various degrees. For me it was
triggered from the first time I played such a game the PlayStation classic Doom in 1995.
And for me the pixel games don't do it to me that badly. You know like Doom. But if
you the worst game that ever did it to me was Goldeneye on Nintendo 64. That game would
make me so sick. I couldn't watch because Dan was playing through it at the time and
he loves that game and I wanted to love it. I really did. Nope sick. I couldn't play unreal.
I couldn't play the newer quakes because anything that was actually 3D would make me sick. Katamari
made me super sick. Portal makes me way sick because it doesn't have that fast reorientation
the way that Portal 2 does. So Portal 2 made me sick at first but I could get used to it.
And now I can play it with no problem. I mean I do have to stop every few levels and let
my eyes readjust. But I can't play the first Portal for very long at all because it will
make me very nauseous. Technically you're supposed to do that with any game anyway every
you know 30 minutes or so. How many people do that Rob? Well I'm just saying you're supposed
to and there's a reason. Well I'm usually also multitasking. I'm talking to people while
I'm playing Portal. So. But yeah. But basically it's just. Here's another thing. It says the
US Army Research Institute for Behavioral Social Science also studied flight simulators
and found that slightly fewer than half of pilots using them reported symptoms similar
to motion sickness. So this is actually super cool and I would also. In fact I'm gonna link
this in the chat room as well because I think that other people will benefit from this.
Spazinator you can shut the fuck up. Spazinator by the way said want to play some Goldeneye.
But to be fair he did put colon P which means he isn't serious. I know. All right. And I
wasn't serious although. But yeah I just would get so sick. And I get a little motion sick
in a car if I'm not driving. But yeah. All right. That it for emails. You know what.
I do not complain every other second. So AGN 728. Bite me. Bite me. That's not a complaint.
That's a command. You should complain about the fact that they can't be bothered to change
your nickname. Yeah. All right. Moving on. I wonder if that's for Angry Gaming Nerd maybe.
But no it's somebody that's coming from all games radio all games network. They're in
the all games chat as opposed to the chat that orange on radio. You didn't have to kick
him. What you kick him for. I can handle my own back. I'm a grown woman. I can fight my
own battles. Now look at that. Despite all that she's got your back. Despite all that
she's done all that. You need to slap one with the trout right now to kick him myself.
I mean no I'm kidding. I wouldn't have done that. I will. I'm a good girl. I will slap
Rama with the trout for you. Thank you. There you go. All right. We need to. We actually
I wish we could change that to like with large boobs or something. All right. Moving on.
OK. We've got to move on. The week. Oh speaking of complaints. What a perfect time for us
to do our normal segment of the. Um really my my complaint. Fuck you to moving because
moving is awful. I mean I like being in the new house that isn't falling apart like my
old house was. I hate paying rent now but I really like being in the new place and it's
just the soreness and the pain that comes with all the moving and not really just the
physical stuff but the emotional side of it too because I mean Dan and I lived at that
old house. We got married living in that old house. We had lots of wonderful fights in
that old house. We've done lots of other things in that house. Sure. He's pooped on it. You
know how many. Sure. He hasn't pooped on this house yet. Prayed in that house is what you
meant to say. Yeah. Rob I've prayed. I prayed a lot. Oh God. Oh God. Oh God. No. But I mean
there and on top of that that house before you know we rented from our friends and they
got married in the backyard of that house. Oh wow. So I mean we have lots of memories
of going over there to visit our friends too. You know a decade of memories of that house.
So you know we're going to miss our neighbors. We told them where we love those. We literally
moved three blocks away. But I have to add a thank you to Dan for this morning when he
kind of woke me up when he was about to leave. He said you don't have to do anything today.
You have my full blessing to stay in bed all day or play well all day if you want to. You
I will not expect a single tour out of you. So I got up and did the dishes. No I did the
dishes when I got up because I just wanted my coffee cup. Chiggers and chat says that
would suck moving all those pinball machines. Well Dan did all that. So we have we have
this kind of Jack thing. It's got a big flat metal platform on top and you put it under
the table and you jack it up like a car jack. He had the jacket. But you can it lifts the
whole table up so that you can move it on this wheeled object so that in and of itself
isn't isn't very heavy and you can raise it to the level of a truck and slide it in. Wow.
So that's the science that the refrigerator was harder to move because we had to take
the doors off the house and the doors off the refrigerator to get the damn thing in.
All right. We got to move on with the. OK. All right. Alan. Oh boy. It's a new year.
It's when people set arbitrary expectations on life changes you know resolutions and I'm
like really fat right now. So if you've been really out of shape and waiting the most I've
ever waited my life. I blame happiness. It's relationship weight. Yeah I'm so miserable.
No speak being unemployed and you know it's apparently done wonders for my appetite that
I don't need. So I just need to lose weight. That happened though when I first moved out
here and moved in with Dan. I went from a size 12 which I don't care I've always had
some but to me to a 24. So I think Rob's accurate. I mean it happens when you're not working
relationship with a lot of stuff involved. And you're certainly not a size 24 anymore.
No I lost 60 pounds. Yeah. All right. So and when I was helping do like volunteer crew
for room loud the rock band fundraiser. It's fine now but for like a day or two after for
a good two weeks my right knee was hurting because I guess I picked something up wrong
better than my back which is injured. But it's OK now. And it's like I mean you're getting
old with stuff up means you're out of shape and you know getting old. So just being out
of shape and overweight. My view of the week. I don't know I don't really have a lot because
shit I'm on vacation right now and I I have an extra week off. I don't have to go back
tomorrow like most people do. So and I'm going to Disneyland. Shit life's pretty fucking
good right now. So if you do the fact that it all has to end sometime if you're not taking
me. Well if you do you for for not being taken. I don't know. All right. Heart heart heart.
That's it. That's it for the if he's the week. All right. Just a couple more stories for
you guys and then we're going to open up the Skype line and take your Twitter topics. I
don't think we have a lot of Twitter Twitter topics yet but we'll see Twitter dot com slash
O L R. But first just a couple quick stories for you guys. Alan. Team meet to make the
amazing sort of God. I know right. So you see act deaf in chat. Yeah. That you took
an arrow to the knee. Yes. And I have I have a sneeze on deck so I'm going to try and burn
through this story. Team meet released a game called the Binding of Isaac and it's the same
art as Super Meat Boy which is a great retro game that made a lot of top 10 lists for this
year. The Binding of Isaac it's currently available on PC via steam. They're in talks
to bring it to the 3DS via their 3DS app store. And you were just playing VVVVV on the 3DS
different developer but it's still a steam indie game now available on a handheld. And
so yeah. Team Meat is trying to bring the Binding of Isaac which I guess is a roguelike
dungeon crawler game has some biblical story points to it. And apparently it's really awesome
kind of gross. But Super Meat Boy was kind of gross too has the same art style. Look
for it on the 3DS. Maybe they're in talks and that is interesting. Very interesting.
I kind of like where that's going if a lot of those indie games are suddenly going to
show up on 3DS. They wanted to bring Super Meat Boy to the Wii but the limitations on
the patching and how big I think the max file size could be. They couldn't do it so the
fact that they're still talking to Nintendo trying to get their next game after Super
Meat Boy 2 the 3DS is a great sign. Awesome. Yeah. Alright. And lastly tonight a story
that is kind of one of those things you sort of saw coming. Online passes it's all the
rage in the industry right? It's happening on Playstation 3 and Xbox 360. If you want
to play a game online and you didn't buy it new you're going to have to buy an extra
little pass. Well guess what? It's coming to the Playstation Vita as well. Yes it was
confirmed that Hot Shots Golf World Invitational it requires an online pass. New copies have
a code that comes with it but an online pass is purchased through the Playstation Network
if you have a used or a downloaded copy. Now this was amended later on because I guess
at first they were like oh shit if you download it you have to get the online pass as well
but it actually was updated to say that hold on the online pass is actually already included
when you download it on Playstation Network so you don't have to download it separately
just to be fair. So the online passes though they are going over to the PS Vita. Now the
online pass will cost 900 yen for Hot Shots Golf that's about $11.50 US so you can expect
$10 probably to be about the same price here in the US. So well I guess it's probably not
surprising to hear right? Yeah alright. Let's go to the phones. We're going to open up the
phones right now. I'm sorry I was doing my hair. 1877 Game OLR or our username on Skype
is OrangeLoungeRadio. We're going to go to the Twitter topics real quick and read some
of the stories and things you guys want to talk about. Not a whole lot of feedback this
week. Didn't get a lot through the week probably because of the holidays but let's see. Redertainment
tweeted us saying voting is live for the 4th annual the 4 star awards. Well I don't know
what is that? Is that like your own personal? What is the 4 star awards? I don't know. And
we're not nominated. Granted there's no podcast category but we should be nominated for movie
of the year. Whatever it's on Facebook if you want to check it out. Alright. We'll pimp
out any awards show what the hell. 1877 Game OLR or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Tigerclaw sent us a couple quick tweets here. I read about one of these earlier. He sent
us a tweet about dude turned swap note into an RPG. I have to admit I didn't pick this
story for tonight because I wasn't sure how to explain it. It's a YouTube it's 9 minutes
long so I'm not going to play the entire YouTube for you guys but some guy if you don't know
what swap note is it came out on the 3DS this week. It's a system that lets you basically
exchange emails except instead of written emails they're little actual written handwritten
notes that you can send to other people but as you use swap note more you can start to
send 5 second messages or pictures. I actually sent to all the people on my friends list
on 3DS I sent a picture of Maruko one of the cats here and sent it out. So you know it's
kind of like a fun way to share things. It's like oh wow Nintendo is actually embracing
the internet for something. Well somebody actually turned it into a full fledged RPG
in the vein of Dungeons and Dragons. And I guess there's even like a Dungeon Master template
you can use and he talks about all this in his YouTube on how he did it. Again it's a
little long for me to play here but it's MNC Dover is the username on YouTube if you want
to look that up for yourself. Alright and one other tweet here from Tigerclaw. Epic
Games scores a victory against Silicon Knights in a Two Human suit. And I don't even remember
what this suit was all about so I'm loading the story now. He's linked us to a story at
the multiplayer blog at MTV.com. And let's see. Two Human was supposed to be the start
of the next great expansive RPG franchise and reasons that gamers will want in Xbox
360 back in the early days. The Silicon Knights developed game was supposed to be a big deal
but the game was delayed for two years. The critical response to the game was less enthusiastic
and what was intended to be a trilogy was Dead on Arrival with just 130,000 units sold
and Microsoft ending their agreement with Silicon Knights. I guess Silicon sued Epic
Games over Two Human saying that Epic misrepresented the functionality of the Unreal Engine which
was used for Two Human resulting in the two year delay. Wow interesting. Well the case
against Epic Games took a blow because one of the key witnesses was excluded from giving
testimony after a ruling by Judge James Denver the third. The testimony was going to break
it down into dollars and cents terms what the negative impact of working with the Unreal
Engine was supposed to have on Silicon Knights but the testimony was found to be questionable
and that the methods did not fit the facts of the case. Interesting. I didn't realize
there was all this drama going on. Of course this was a game that wasn't on my radar and
maybe the fact that it wasn't on my radars you know part of the reason why I didn't sell
so good but there you go. Alright anyhow let's go to the phones and take some calls. Hi you're
on Orange Launch Radio who's this? Oh hey you don't sound so good try again. Who's this?
Is it just me that doesn't hear that at all? It's really. You sound like a Dalek. I can't.
I'm hoping oh god I hope that's it was Zaku obviously that was calling in he might have
been able to make that out but I can't I couldn't understand him at all. No neither could I.
Now was that his connection or was that ours? See now all these things I'm going to question
is that the new studio set up so let me just see real quick here. Real quick here. Hello
welcome to Skype call testing service. See that works fine. Hello British lady. Hello
British lady. Let's see if maybe this next call sounds a little cleaner. Hi you're on
Orange Launch Radio who's this? Hello Derek H. Hi Derek H. See I can understand Derek
just fine. Our last call was a little weird. Alright anyhow Derek what's on your mind buddy?
I would like to talk about video games I've called you guys too. There's this thing called
Steam I don't know if you've heard of it that they have like a. Oh a friend was telling
me about Steam. We don't play games. I play board games. We sure eat a lot of food though.
Would you like to play some Risk or maybe Axis and Allies? I was thinking more about
Wits and Wagers maybe. So Steam yes yes I've heard of Steam. I've had Steam for a long
time and I only buy games when they're like. Whoa whoa whoa Derek you cut out if you can
hear me you like totally cut out. It sounds like what the hell's going on? It's like the
void of calls. Your voice like dropped out so did your mic come unplugged or something?
Hello trying Derek again one two three. I see that we're still connected it's not an
internet thing but he just the voice dropped out. I don't even know if he can hear us.
He hung up. That's a bummer. I don't even know what he was about to say about Steam
but I think it was like I only buy games when and I'm thinking it was maybe when they're
on sale. Yeah dirt cheap maybe. Maybe it was going to lead to a question about is that
bad that for the industry? I don't know let's see. I just want to make sure here real quick
let's just let's just maybe this studio is a bad omen for calls. Let's see. Hello welcome
to Skype call testing service. She works fine. After the beep please record a message. Afterwards
your message will be played back to you. Hi I'm doing really professional internet radio
right now and I am testing a Skype connection live. I love you British lady. On the air.
This is all dark soccer's fault. Hi I'm doing really professional internet radio right now
and I am. See it's fine. What's up. You know what's up is this delicious stew. It's amazing.
Thank you so much. Pop is just put in front of my mouth begging me to eat. What is what
did you make here. It's just stew cubed stew beef small red potatoes carrots and I actually
cut up two blood oranges and threw them in there and I can taste this I can taste it
too. Yeah I used a peeler to get the rind the orange zest. All right. So it's it's Orange
Lounge do do. Oh my God we're breaking up. I've had that in my head like all night. All
right let's move on to another call. Maybe this one will work. Hi you're on orange already.
Who's this. It's Shane. OK. So far we can hear you and you're not a robot. So that's
good. Hi Shane. Awesome. I'm not a robot. That's cool. What's on your mind Shane. I
don't know. I was calling to see if your stuff would work. Pretty much. Well only the collar
appears to be broken this time. You need to come play with me on the Horde server. Oh
but there's so much Star Wars going on right now. All right. You know what. Pooh on that.
Then let's talk Star Wars. Because you were just telling me earlier you do nothing but
play Star Wars now. Yeah it's really sad. I came on here and I said you know I like
Star Wars and I don't like Star Wars for these particular reasons. So what are your
thoughts on Star Wars The Old Republic. Well first of all I'd like to say I did not listen
to what you said about why you like it and why you do not. So I don't know if I'm going
to copy you or anything but I like it because the story is really cool and I don't know
anything about Star Wars so this is all new to me. Like every single last thing. OK I'm
still there I hear like stuff in the background. Yeah we're just eating we're stuffing our
face while you're talking. Oh that's what I was eating long questions. That wasn't a
very long question. All right. I don't like it because it doesn't feel polished still
which is expected because it's such a new game. But you know that will come with time.
Wow wasn't that great at vanilla. I played it a little bit but I'm really digging it
like there's plot twists and every single class so far has been really fun to play which
I can't say the same for well but I do love well I'm in a year commitment with wow I have
like fully paid off with time card so I don't really care if I'm not playing it right now
so but I'm really enjoying Star Wars I just got a ship on one of my characters and it's
pretty cool. I mean. So describe the glasses for us. Oh my God you pigs. OK. There's dinner.
Well that's what I was doing and then I thought I would call it help to make sure your Skype
was working. Why wait no no no hold on. I got another question for you. OK. OK. My question
is what is supposed to happen in the end game of Star Wars like I don't know because I can't
even figure out the non end game yet. Like there's no hand holding for the most part
except for at the very beginning. And so like I'm just kind of pretending I know what I'm
doing and it's not working out so well in some situations like some quests I kind of
suck at but oh well I haven't seen but like maybe two level 50 characters and their armors
ugly so I don't even care about endgame yet. I just want story. Something just occurred
to me. What. We're sitting at a table eating. I know right. I know. Who does that anymore.
So Shane have you had any problems with like leveling up crap like keeping your crafting
up to level with what level you are and using the auction house because Rob I haven't played
myself but Rob was saying that he has trouble with how auction house works. The auction
house is pretty terrible auction house works like Final Fantasy 11 auction house in some
ways not only it's like a hybrid between 11 and wow it's weird. I don't really like it
but the crafting funny enough I'm actually doing right now while I'm on this Skype stuff
because I was not paying attention to it because part of the crafting aspect is that your companions
do it and not you. So I have I now have two companions so I can kind of do two things
at once but my companion that's like you know I can run around the world with and do stuff
with and fight is my tank and I'm a healer so I kind of need him to not craft because
he goes away when he crafts. So I'm just I'm leveling up the little thing that makes lightsaber
crystals right now because it's really really far behind. I like it. I don't have characters
later and do flash points. What was that? Sorry I'm eating a potato. Are we gonna get
on later and do flash points? Yeah. Or just regular quests because we can only do one
flash point until like 16 or 14 I forget. I thought you loved the flash points so much
in Star Wars though. Why do you love flash points so much that's a good question to ask.
Let me let me let me clarify that now because I've run a total of three. I like the starter
flash points for both sides now. It's neat because you can completely change the outcome
of that flash point story based on dialogue options. So all my characters for the most
part are light side even though they might be Imperial or Republic. So like I save the
captain from being killed. I save this general from being killed. I take this chick with
me that the commander wants killed. So if my choice gets picked out of the random roles
it affects the rest of the story for everybody for that specific flash point. So that's really
neat to me and they don't feel that long even though I think they're like an hour long each.
But I did just yesterday run a second flash point on my one of my characters I don't remember
who and it was very dull because it was all brown. It was like playing Gears of War or
any other FPS that's come out in the last couple years. Why do you say that just because
it graphically didn't look good? It's because there was just it was all the same color palette
and it was boring and I didn't even see all the story. See you only like pretty things.
I what? You only like pretty things. Yeah. Oh okay as long as we're clear. Normal person
would want something ugly. I don't know. That's why there's so many orphans. I ask myself
a lot. Wow. I was gonna say I ask myself that a lot when I cry to myself to sleep at night.
All right. Anyhow I should probably let you go soon so we can get other calls hopefully
but do you have any other closing thoughts for us tonight Shane? I was going to participate
in that top three games of the year thing on Facebook and then I got lazy and didn't
type anything out. But Portal 2 would have been my number one as well after thinking
about every single game that came out this year. Nothing else. I didn't sit through any
other game from start to finish this year except for Portal. I think what I should have
done is a top three most disappointing games of the year because there were a lot of hyped
games that did not meet expectations. My number one would piss people off. My top three would
probably make lots of people angry. Well you can make people angry because they can't send
hate mail to you. So what's your top three most disappointing? I wouldn't put them in
any sort of order because they were all very disappointing. I would say Dragon Age 2 because
it just wasn't that good. I would also say Uncharted 3 because 2 was so good and Uncharted
3 kind of dropped the ball. And then I would say Marvel vs Capcom 3. It's just not fun.
I even have Ultimate and I like playing Phoenix Wright but it's still not a fun game. Dark
Sakura? You said you like Strider, right? No, I like Phoenix Wright. Oh Phoenix Wright?
Well he can be wrong. You can choke on a potato too. I agree with Dragon Age 2. I believe
I've picked up every NPC that I can, I think. I just got off the mountain where Flemeth
is there and you do the thing where Flemeth comes back. I don't care about the side characters
like I did in Origins. Yeah, the story's just not as good. The combat's more fun. I own
it on PC and PS3. That's how much I cared about Dragon Age 1. I was like, oh I love
2, it's gonna be awesome. No. Yeah, I'm gonna beat it simply because I'm committed to the
world that they've built but the writing isn't as good. No. Alright. Shane, I gotta let you
go so we can get more calls. That's cool. Okay? I do. Alright, bye. Alright, we're gonna
go to some more calls. Hooray! Let's try this again. Hi, on Orange Laundry Radio. Who's
this? Hello, it's Derek H from Fardini Beach. Nice to hear from you again. I don't know
what happened before. It's a weird internet thing. I blame Skype. Well it's free so you
can't blame Skype but I still blame Skype. Alright, well you were talking about Steam
and you were about to say, you were talking about I only buy games on Steam when... They're
on sale and that is a huge mistake. I should only buy games on Steam. In fact, I'll say
this about everybody. Everybody should only buy games on Steam when they are full price
because then you know that you actually want that game because I have a, now after the
last week I have like 8 games I'm never gonna play again. I bought 2 games. I bought, I
looked and I said, oh wow, there's 2 flight sims for only $3 a piece and then I looked
and I have a flight stick that had fallen behind my desk like a year ago and I never
even bothered to reach it and so when I picked it up it had a layer of dust on it so I was
like, oh wait, I have a flight stick. I must like flight sims. So I bought those games,
played them for 20 minutes and realized I hate flight sims. Raise your hand if you've
been there. Earlier this year, I think it was the Thanksgiving sale, they had Dead Space
1 and 2 in a combo pack for like 4 or 5 bucks and I was like, alright, Dead Space, you know,
Resident Evil with aliens or ghosts in outer space, I'll buy that. I had already bought
it. Completely forgot that I had bought the rights to download that on my Steam. Same
with Mass Effect 2 Digital Deluxe Edition. It's like, oh yeah, dirt cheap 3 bucks. I
get my credit card out. Oh yeah, you bought that 6 months ago but you forgot about it
instantly afterward. So I definitely have that problem.
I have Knights of the Old Republic on the Xbox version but you can play it on the 360.
I bought that like 2 years ago, actually like 4 years ago, a long time ago. I don't like
it. I'm one of the few people that cannot stand KOTOR and I saw it on Steam, it was
only $2.50. I actually, I struggled with myself not to buy it. Anyway, I own this game. I
don't like it but it's only $2.50. You posted on Facebook or Google or something about that
and I, cause I remember reading that. One of my friends worked on that game. Really?
You know what she called it? What? Scrotor. But hey, while she was working on it, we got
to go to the Skywalker Ranch. Oh, that's when you flung the meatball at George Lucas. No,
when I wanted to fling meatloaf at George Lucas. He walked by and I could have flung
meatloaf at him. I changed the story a little bit. I embellished. You know what, Derek,
I did something similar during this most recent Steam sale. I bought Quake Collection. I didn't
buy just one Quake game. I bought Quake 1, 2 and 3. Quake 2 isn't even that good. Quake
1 and 3 were good like 10 years ago but playing them now, like my video card doesn't know
how to handle Quake 3. Like I was having problems getting Quake 3 to even work. Why am I buying
Quake 3 when I can just go play Quake Live? I almost bought, when they had a thing where
you can buy all the Star Wars games or something for like $14, I was like, that's a great deal.
Even though I had no interest in buying these games when they came out or the years afterwards,
all of a sudden I think I kind of need these games. But that's how they get people. This
happens in our culture all the time is that people want to see that they're getting a
good deal. Like for example, look at all the hilarity that happened on Black Friday. I'm
sure everybody here saw the video, Derek I'm assuming you probably saw this too, of the
people at Walmart that were practically jumping on top of each other and clawing each other's
eye outs over $2 waffle irons. And it's like, who really needs a waffle iron? How many days
out of the year do you make waffles at home? Yourself? You know? How many days last year
did you make waffles? Well, I have a friend that makes waffles. But not you. You. You.
You make waffles weekly? I. Would you trust a $2 waffle iron to make waffles? No. Exactly.
Unless it was a recognized brand and a Rudolph. But why do people want to kill each other
over a $2 waffle iron? Because it's $2. If you waff that much then you don't want waffles
from a $2 waffle iron. We won a waffle iron at a white elephant exchange and Alan actually
tried to make waffles with it and he got so frustrated he was cussing at this cheap white
elephant waffle maker that makes little circus animal waffles. But anyway, sorry I'm totally
going on a tangent, but you know what I mean, in our culture people want to get things just
because it's a good deal. Okay, so Becky just messaged me and said I make waffles at least
twice a month. But Becky is also a great cook. Yeah, and she has a really good waffle iron.
I wouldn't be surprised at all. She probably has a lot of great cooking things that most
people don't have. So anyway, Alan you look like you're dying to say something over there.
There's, I'm too lazy to look it up, but there's actually a clinical term culturally for when
in times of financial hardship, like when the economy's in the shed or just when people
are broke, they'll go to the gas station when they fill up their car with a tank of gas
and they'll buy a candy bar and they're not even hungry. But it's just an 89 cent thing
that makes them feel good that they bought this little thing that just makes them feel
better because it's cheap. And steam is a great outlet for that impulse that we have
where I need to buy something, I'm tired of being broke or this is only a dollar, so who
fucking cares? Retail therapy. Really, I mean, in the end.
So you're saying I bought Wings of Prey because I'm clinically depressed is what you're saying?
I don't think it's quite that. That maybe, I don't think we could make that conclusion
here on the show. No, but people are just driven if something
is cheap. It just, sometimes it feels good to spend a little bit of money on even if
it's something that you know that you ultimately won't. I know I do it all the time, but yeah,
if you make something cheap enough, people will buy it whether they want it or not.
Maybe it would be a good policy moving forward for people before you buy a steam game, you
need to walk away for an hour and then say after an hour, okay, do I still really want
that game? And if the answer is yes, then you buy it.
You can't do it because they have that countdown on the screen.
What if I only have 57 minutes? Why do you think I just bought Bastion at
the start of the show? And I even told you, I said, wait till you
get home, click done. All right, Derek, good luck with your steam.
I don't want to say addiction, but your steam issues will say, and hey, at least I hope
you're getting to play some great games out of it, even if just for 20 minutes.
I'm going to go play VVV after the show. Hey, VVVV is awesome. Derek, quickly too,
since I was trying to pimp the big battle earlier, I want our listeners to understand
why should they sign up for the big battle? Oh, the big battle is a multi community gaming
tournament. You should do it because gaming is about having fun and you have more fun,
I believe, when you're competing and even more fun when you're competing for something
you enjoy. So basically you get to represent your favorite
like podcasts or whatever and say, hey, we're the best Mortal Kombat players. And it's not
even we're the best. It's like, you know, you know, it's not really, you're the best,
but it's something you can hold up over somebody else's head. It's kind of nice. It's always
fun when you can, when you can compete against all your friends and also you get to meet
new people, you get to play against people. You probably wouldn't have, you've been playing,
you've been playing games against the same 20 people for the last four years. Now you
get to play against some other people who share the same interests as you. It's a good
thing. I think it's great. And, um, you know, I signed
up to play and I'm not signing up because I, I'm not going to win. Like, who are we
kidding here? I'll probably get knocked out the first round, but you know, I may not be
the best, but I can be the loudest. I think for the, for the Mortal Kombat ones,
the ringers are the guys from spooky hour horror hour who, who love not only horror
games, but like everything about horror. So they live and breathe Mortal Kombat. So I
think they're probably going to be the, the winners there. But you know what? It's good
to take the, like throw a knife in Tedikins throat every couple of days. That'd be fun.
That'd be fun. All right. Well, Derek, I gotta let you go. So we wrap up the show, but thank
you so much for the call. Thank you for doing a show so late tonight. All right. No problem.
Take care. Bye bye. I didn't realize that God, we were on so damn late. It's like nine
40 almost. We're usually done at no pink Berry. I know. Right. All right. So I think we might
need to shut down the Skype line and wrap the show up. I don't know why we're going
long tonight. I guess we just had a lot to say after a week off. I don't know what else
to tell you. All right. Um, we finished tweets last minute stories. Usually I turn to Loki
for that. He's not here. I, I anticipate Alan probably didn't dig anything up. I have one.
Okay. There's been a clarification about the final fantasy 10 HD remake that Squeenix announced
in September. Yeah. Um, I guess one of the developers or producers was asked for like
a timeline and he's like, it's just to make this clear, the final fantasy X remake isn't
just a texture cleanup and a up and a resolution upscaling. It is a remake. So wow. Redrawing
of 10. Oh, so redrawing of assets. We just cleaning up the script, new voiceover work.
It is the real deal. So what everybody wanted from final fantasy seven, 10 is getting 10
is getting. Yes. Did you just do seven? Well, how about do six? So people thought, how about,
how about let's really remake a game. Let's, let's take one like six or four. Well, four,
I guess got the DS from me or may have a remake, but six, six is begging for a really, really
awesome remake. So interesting. That just came out. Yeah. Stories dated today. Wow.
Neat. Um, I guess the only other thing I could add is that there might be some of you wondering
why did we not talk about a certain scandal that was going on around the internet this
week, um, with this whole marketing company and, and the emails exchange and their device
and all that. There's two reasons. One, I think a lot of that stuff got really out of
control. Um, like, was it a slow news week or what? Um, and, uh, you know, I think a
lot of it's been discussed a lot and I don't know what else there is to add to that too.
I think Loki really wants to talk about it because he's actually used that controller
that's at the core of it. I think, although it's important to distinguish between the
individual that, you know, doesn't know how to deal with customers whatsoever and the
device itself, Loki has used the device itself and really wanted to comment on it. So I,
I'm kind of pushing that back to next week so we can discuss that a little more. So just
so you know, I just wanted to say yes, I'm aware that that happened in the gaming world
this week, but at the same time, I don't know, I might get shit for this, but whatever. I,
I kind of, it's not really gaming news. It's gaming community news and game community events
and I get why people are like following it. But I mean, it's just, it's just like horrible
train wreck, Ricky Lake holding her hand against the face with the jaw dropped, all that stuff.
So I can't believe you just made a Ricky Lake reference. Go Ricky, go Ricky. All right.
I will say though, um, this is Derek had just called in dead pixel live, actually got the
guy on the show and from what I understand, he apologized. So at that token, you know,
what else is there to say if he's apologized? But you know, I also kind of think I feel
bad cause I have no idea what this is about. I'll find out next week or go listen to dead
pixel live show from Thursday. It's, it's, it's interesting. The whole, the whole debacle
is interesting, but at the same time I think had this happened in November when Skyrim
and all these things were coming out, it wouldn't have been as big of a, big of a thing. So
they did a good job covering it in a more timely manner since, you know, they were able
to get the guy on like the day after it happened. So I think, uh, I don't know what we could
contribute to that conversation. It's been five days. That's an eternity in internet
time. All right. Um, let's see. I think we're ready to wrap it up so we can't really wrap
it up and put a bow on it and call it done until everybody has given their final thoughts.
So, um, Alan, I'll start with you. Thank you very much as always for filling in for egg
host who is not here. Um, appreciate it. And um, you know, now that the show is in your
house, maybe you'll stop by once in a while and say hello or when Loki's here, I'll just
play, you know, on the TV the whole time and ignore the show entirely. When we get the
video going, we can have you playing a game and you know, kind of talk about that and
we'll see. So, um, do you have a final thought for our listeners tonight? Uh, no. Okay. Nothing
to plug. Nothing. All right. Fair enough. Uh, my final thought tonight is I haven't
had Hanson soda in a while, but now that I'm having this delicious black cherry soda, I've
kind of missed it. Dark soccer. Your final thought tonight? I love reading the stories
on unicorn booty.com. Nice. Oh, I have another final thought. Last night, New Year's Eve,
we watched a lot of adventure time. Is that what it's called? Adventure time? Cause that
show is adventure time with Finn and Jake. That show is pretty funny. I will say that
it's a good show. All right, that's it. We're done. We'll be back next week. Loki will be
back finally next week and we'll get his top three and a plenty more gaming news. You know,
we're into a new year. Uh, the news is going to start to come out as we get into the first
quarter releases and E3 in the summer all towards another clusterfucker releases in
October, November of 2012 right before the world ends. Have a wonderful week, everybody.
We'll see you next time here on orange lounge radio. Good night. You've been listening to
orange lounge radio. Orange lounge radio is an orange lounge production to join us for
a live show. Visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific time. The views and
opinions expressed on orange lounge radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire
staff of orange lounge radio or all games.com but we're probably right anyway. See you next
week.
