Tonight, January 8th, 2012.
Could the next Xbox also be a digital video recorder?
One retailer suggests a release date for Diablo 3, and rumors of new consoles at E3 2012 are already starting.
DarkSakura, Jamie Summers I really like salads
Salads are delicious.
I just tossed mine.
Into my mouth.
Oh dear, that's not better, actually.
You made it worse.
Also joining us tonight, say hello, welcome back and welcome to Studio 6, Tech Master Loki.
Hi.
How are you doing?
Really wish I could have been here last week.
It's alright, you had family stuff going on though, right?
Yeah, I had to go eat at dinner at some...
Yeah, well, I had to go get free dinner.
It sucks.
My life sucks.
All right, chat.orangeloungeradio.com is the place to be if you are listening live.
Of course, as I mentioned before, we are live every Sunday night at 6 Pacific, 9 Eastern, right after the Bobby Blockwell show.
Tonight, episode number 441, January the 8th, 2012.
So, Loki, of course, you were out last week.
This is the first time you've ever been to my place, I was realizing.
That's correct.
Because you needed directions on how to get here.
Yes.
So, welcome.
Welcome.
Josh got a lot of gifts and...
and in times that he's not awake, I'm playing Skyrim.
Very cool.
I'm going to our chatroom at chat.orangeloungeradio.com and somebody just joined the chat named, I love OLR.
Well, we love you.
I love OLR and chat says, SWOTOR, or as I've been calling it on the other show, Horde House, SWETOR, SWETOR leveling, which is of course the Old Republic Star Wars, plus OLR in the background equals best Sunday night ever.
I gotta admit, that's how I like to listen to live shows.
I've tuned into some of the other all game shows a few times like Dead Pixel Live, Video Game Outsiders and I'll play WoW because I've only been playing Sweat Tour for about three weeks but I'll play WoW and do PvP and listen to Video Game Outsiders or whatever it's a good time
Night of the Old Republic
I don't know.
I thought one of them did internet radio.
Maybe you can do that with diversity.
I mean, I know I just use it for video, so I don't really, I've never messed with the music part of it.
I know this would never, ever happen, but wouldn't it be nice if allgames.com could get one of those little channel things that you could install and have?
I mean, iHeartRadio, the clear channel thing has one.
I mean, they have millions and billions of dollars, but all games totally has a 20 somewhere, maybe in the couch.
I mean, all games should be able to get that, right?
Anyhow, let's see.
Loki, we've got to do some catching up here.
You were out last week, and last week was the big show where we were talking about our top games of 2011 because we never really had a proper year-end show because of the way the holidays fell this year.
And we all were speculating, what is Loki's top three games of 2011?
Come on, it's going to be super easy.
DarkSakura and I guessed.
We already have a list in our mind.
I think I remember.
I remember three and one.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
I think...
I don't remember.
Maybe one of the listeners will remind us in the chatroom what we had picked.
But I want to say, because I don't want to influence, so we'll wait.
But Loki, let's hear your top three games.
So number three, what did you think was the third best game of 2011?
You know, I don't know, because I didn't play a lot of games in 2011, sadly, because I just... I was really playing a lot of Grand Theft Auto the whole... Well, for the most part, up until recently...
but that didn't come out in 2011 so that doesn't count we did allow, the criteria was your top game of the year and that might not actually be a game that came out this year because so many good games come out at the end of 2010 or in Alan's case, he put Dragon Age Origins as his number two game of the year because he just started playing it this year
And we said, okay, you're allowed.
Every gamer gets their voice, even if it's a tardy voice.
That's tough.
I would say, I mean, Grand Theft Auto was pretty awesome.
And, I mean, it was nice to be able to play the mods again briefly until they patched it again.
I would say probably my number three would be...
Call of Duty Modern Warfare, I guess.
Alright, we called it.
Did we call it?
I think we did, yeah.
Yeah, Modern Warfare.
It's just fun now, and especially because, you know, the whole reason we switched to that game is because my coworkers were very pissed, or tired of me beating them in Grand Theft Auto, and they're just like...
They're just like, oh, we gotta switch it up, we gotta play a game.
You know, my boss, oh, I've played Call of Duty, you know, so I think I should be a little bit better than Loki is at that.
Unfortunately, what they found out, and see, I didn't play a lot of Call of Duty at all.
I mean, I literally, before we started playing it, I'd played Call of Duty Modern Warfare 1 once.
Once split screen, and that was it.
And I didn't really care for it the first time we played it.
But I ended up being really good at it apparently and a lot better than them and they are pissed because it didn't help.
And it's actually been a lot worse now because I'm so stealthy in that game that I'll just sneak up behind them and do something funny and they'll be like, hey, hey.
and then kill them.
Alright, so you like this game because you can own the shit out of everybody.
It's pretty fun.
It's actually, Call of Duty, at least the Modern Warfare games and stuff, I mean, they really cater that stuff, especially the multiplayer portion.
They really have it down pat and it's smooth, it works well and it's just very fun and streamlined.
It's good.
That's not a series of games.
I'm not really into the war games.
I'm terrible at first person shooters unless it's called Quake.
You know,
But you know what, though?
And I agree, playing online, like free-for-all deathmatch, not free fun.
Playing team deathmatch online, that's a lot of fun.
Well, yeah, I watched, I actually watched over the holiday.
I didn't talk about this last week, but I actually watched over the holiday.
We were with some of Alan's family, and some of his brothers were playing Modern Warfare 3.
And I was kind of watching, and I'm like, wow, it looks really good.
And they were doing this interesting playback thing where he was showing us a video where his whole team...
and DarkSakura.com.
I can't really speak for 2 and 3 because I haven't played 2 and 3, so I don't know how much they've changed.
But I can only imagine it's about as much as they've changed from Call of Duty 2 to 3, which wasn't a whole lot.
It was just pretty much they have the game and that's it.
I know a lot of it's catered towards multiplayer nowadays, but you know what?
It's pretty fun.
I like...
What they were talking about that they were doing with the elite services and stuff, I can see where people would like that.
But my whole thing before was just getting into online and actually playing free-for-all deathmatches and stuff, it just doesn't seem very fun.
And I've actually played it, and I don't know, there's still a lot of people cheating online.
You run into a lot of people running infection mods and stuff like that.
but Team Deathmatch actually doesn't seem to be plagued with that crap as much so it seems a lot more fun that way and I actually do pretty well considering I have rank 5 that's pretty low when you consider there's 11 Prestiges or 10 Prestiges and you can level up again on 10th Prestige and 55 levels per and people actually do level up I'm not sure if everyone does it legitimately but yeah so it's fun so Call of Duty
Let's move on to your number two choice.
Number two, best game of 2011.
You know, this is tough because this game, you know, a couple weeks ago might have been number one.
But it's not because it's kind of like an actual person, sort of.
Elder Scrolls Skyrim.
Two for two, DarkSakura!
And the reason why Elder Scrolls Skyrim is number two and not number one is because the longer you play it, the worse it gets.
And it's not necessarily that the game is getting worse, it's just it's getting buggier.
It's just it took an arrow to the knee.
Thanks for watching!
I don't see any sword to the chest.
Yeah, that makes the arrow to the knee guy sound like a pussy.
Sword to the chest?
You don't come back from that.
He did, apparently.
So, yeah, it's gotten progressively buggering.
In fact, I was complaining about it the other day on Facebook.
There's a quest I can't finish now because the NPC for the quest is spawned under the map.
And you can't get to them.
It's literally a spot that is inaccessible.
Alan got a pretty amazing bug this week.
I should have him come on and explain it.
I'm going to butcher this.
Hopefully he hears.
Oh, here he comes.
Yeah.
Alan hears me struggling.
Alan, describe the Skyrim bug you got this week.
So when I go to Whiterun, which is the main city in the center, the first major city you go to, I'm not a criminal.
I don't have a bounty.
I could talk to guards.
They're like, oh, hey, sup, bro, like your orcish armor.
I go into Dragon's Reach where the Jarl is, and right when I go up the stairs, the Jarl and his bodyguard are like, oh, shit, get him, and the whole room aggroes, and I'm like, I'm dead.
I didn't do anything.
So I left, and I just did other shit for like eight hours, and I went back, and it's fine.
It's fine now, so I can use the enchanting table in there.
But I was like, that was weird.
Magically fixed itself.
Yeah.
Fantastic.
I love this comment in our chat room.
Zen Thrall says, the guy that invented that mem, the arrow to the knee thing, needs to take a sack to the chin.
I mean, I don't know.
It's just...
It's getting incredibly buggy and to the point where it's actually breaking the game.
But, I mean, it's still fun.
I'm still playing.
I had to kind of force myself not to play this week so I can get some other stuff done because I have over 85 hours in the game now.
Although I have exploited pretty much every glitch possible in the game to level myself up to the point where I can't die anymore and I kill everything in one hit.
And it's still fun.
And I can sneak up right to somebody in plain daylight and be standing right in front of them and they can't see me which is kind of fun.
The fact that I can't finish that quest, that sucks.
And the fact that sometimes parts of the land don't spawn and I fall through them.
Oh, sometimes when you kill a dragon or whatever, it'll do one more lap around the sky and then crash epically.
It's just like, really?
You had to do that?
You couldn't just die and fall to the ground?
Alright, so despite all the crappy bugs, it's still your number two game of the year because... I played it a lot.
Alright.
And I'm still playing it.
Alright, your number one game of 20... I mean, come on.
Seriously, you gotta ask.
What is your number one game of 2011?
Let's say you threw the third.
Ah, three for three, right there.
Actually, didn't we go back and say, though, that Earth Defense Force was gonna end up number three?
Yeah, but see...
I think we did.
But then we allowed the old game rule.
Yeah, alright.
See, if it wasn't the old game rule, I probably would have been number three, only by default because Dead Rising 2 really sucked.
And Earth Defense Force, it was pretty fun for a while, but man, it's pretty boring now.
It's just they promised, oh, we're going to do all this DLC, it's going to be so fucking awesome.
And nothing.
Why Saints Row the Third?
It's such an over-the-top game.
It's just incredibly fun.
It was everything I wanted that game to be and more.
Honestly, I want to finish it and get all 1,000 achievement points, but once again, there's a buggy portion of the game, and it happens to be kind of like the terrible part of it where you have to do these carjacking things and steal certain cars to...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
And, um, you know, the DLC, I'm looking forward to it, although I'm not too optimistic on, you know, if it being really good.
Because the new, like, from the achievements that were leaked out for the upcoming stuff, it just sounds like a bunch of extra excursions.
And some of it, I mean, that would probably be pretty fun, but, you know...
The activities, it's cool doing them sometimes, but I don't like being forced to doing them.
I would rather have some actual missions to the game, but it just sounds like it's all activities.
So we'll try it.
I mean, it'll be alright, but I'm not going to be one of those persons, and I haven't been.
I'm not going to be one to buy every single piece of download content just because I like the game.
That's not how I'm going to do it.
DarkSakura.com
No.
No.
Good guess, though.
Star Wars, the old... No, I'm not playing that.
I showed DarkSakura it for five minutes, and she was like, I don't get it.
No, I got it.
I just didn't really care.
You never won a game.
Not that I didn't care.
It better not be something like The Sims Social or something.
No, God, no.
Think more.
It would be easier to guess her.
Okay, here's a clue.
Oh, it's you.
How have you been?
I've been really busy, but...
Oh, Portal 2.
Yay!
and Saints Row the Third.
So there we go.
So after some cursing, we finally get Loki to agree.
So it's official.
The official OLR game of 2011 is Portal 2.
Seriously, I played through that game, what, four times all the way through?
It's great.
No, I completely forgot that that game came out this year.
And that's really bad because I think a lot of the Game of the Year stuff, I mean, a lot of people talked about Portal 2, but I literally forgot that that came out this year.
Well, and you know, I actually have that, oh, it's you memorized very well because that's my message tone on my phone now.
Yeah, so I mean, yeah, Portal 2 for sure.
I completely forgot.
There you go.
I feel so bad.
I'm glad that you got it after I was quoting lines from it.
Where the fuck is some DLC for that?
I mean, I know they had some of the stuff on the PC.
Any other guesses what might have been on our list?
Quickly?
Um...
Final Fantasy 14 hell to the no hell to the no that would be in like three biggest disappointments of the year Super Mario 3D Land you got it it was my number three that was me Mario Kart 7 no Arkham City was my number two Arkham City was my number three yeah what was your number two I forgot um
Hold on, I actually have... Must not have been that good.
No, I... I'll have to check on my hard drive because... Spazinator says the number one game was SingStar ABBA, L-O-J-K.
I know what my... Wrong, it's not SingStar ABBA, it's ABBA You Can Dance.
He was so hilarious playing that.
No, but they also have SingStar ABBA on the PS3.
I know that.
Remember?
I remember that Tiara was in town when you got that.
And we came and played it at the old house.
But I know what my honorable mention was.
Fractal.
Because that game is cool.
Fractal is a really neat puzzler.
Alright.
Oh, Marvel vs. Capcom.
Yeah, Marvel vs. Capcom.
Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3.
Nah, it just hit me all of a sudden.
All right, let's... I'm like, LOL, I don't know.
Quickly, our intro's running a little long.
I wanted to just quickly say something about this because, Loki, you tweeted it to me.
I've had listeners tweet me more stories about this whole Xbox hacking stuff.
God, we've been talking to her blue in the face about it since August.
If you don't know by now, I was hacked back in August and people were saying, oh, you let your password get out.
Oh, you got phished.
Microsoft's saying, oh, you got phished.
I'm like, no, I'm a little smarter than that in the websites I visit.
But no, apparently it was my own damn fault.
Well, now that more and more people are getting hacked and more and more people are having problems with Microsoft, finally it's getting out there.
Some gal set up a Tumblr where she was sharing her experiences, and for some reason it caught wildfire.
And I think a lot of it is because she had the screencaps with Xbox support, she was screencapping the emails, and it gave a lot of the gaming press, I guess, for whatever reason, stuff to chop off.
They're really, really bored.
But what really was taking me off this week, and you linked me an article from IGN that literally said nothing.
Literally said nothing.
He said, yeah, Xbox is claiming that they're getting hacked, but Microsoft says they have no comment on the situation.
So, you know, and apparently this guy on this website was the first to break the news a couple weeks ago, and it's like, that's kind of insulting when we were here in August talking about it.
I'm not saying we should, that's not what I'm saying, because there were probably way other people before me.
In fact, I know people who were hacked before me.
I understand that.
I'm just... It's just irritating that it's not news until it happens to somebody who has... Listen, just because a dude works in an office for a company that makes a lot of money doesn't mean he's any better than any other blogger out there in the world.
I mean, there's a lot of really stupid-ass posts that are on a lot of major websites, IGN especially.
That does have not a lot of research in there.
And, I mean, I think they got the comment from, what is it, Stephen Toulouse or whatever his name is, some supporter.
I don't know what the hell he is.
Yeah.
Something to Xbox, but customer service related.
I'm not going to touch on Blue and the Fate.
Go listen to that last show from 2011, episode number four, what the hell, Night Are We On Tonight, 2012.
4.41.
Go listen to 4.39.
Would have been the last one from... We had Justin on, who was talking about how he got broken into twice.
Go... I mean, that's really all you need to hear.
And I don't want to keep talking about this until I'm blue in the face, but seriously, if you have not changed your password at this point...
Do not... Microsoft is swearing up and down that they're doing everything... They're being ignorant.
That's really the only word.
They are completely ignorant.
Microsoft is ignorant.
EA is ignorant.
The higher-ups in those companies are ignorant to the situation that's going on right now.
Your money is at risk if your credit card is on your account.
I have been sitting here telling you this blue in the face since August.
Change your effing password.
It's not that hard to do.
Use a unique password on Xbox that you don't use anywhere else.
Put...
Put XB at the end of it or something.
Or put MS with a dollar sign or something.
Just make something that differentiates it from other places.
For the record, neither of us have been hacked.
The thing is, though, is once again, they're right and they're wrong at the same time.
I think Dan always played with points cards.
And also hundreds and thousands of people have been.
And including people I know that haven't touched their Xboxes in forever.
Right.
I'm just saying it's safer to pay with points cards.
The only card I have ever had on there was one that I knew was going to expire in a month that I wasn't going to renew.
I would still change your password.
You might have people in there downloading.
No, I've changed my account.
They can transfer.
They might not charge anything but what a lot of them have been doing have they been logging in and then downloading the licenses to their local Xboxes and basically siphoning all your games which can cause you headaches later on.
I'm just saying.
I've checked all my licenses and they're still on mine.
But I've also never had gold on my account either.
That may make it less attractive, too.
There's two things that are... I mean, yes, true.
They are not... Live.com is not compromised.
But people are not being phished.
The whole thing was, is all this stuff is coming from the hacks that happened a while back, and I even think it was the anonymous stuff where they were...
dumping a bunch of... And it might not even necessarily be them, but something similar to the fact where they dump the email passwords combos from random forums or even gaming websites or whatever.
EA may have even been one of those.
I don't know, but... I think EA is the weak link, and I've been saying this for forever.
Why does every single hack seem to come back to one of the EA games?
And I get FIFA 12's gold pack thing where they're taking the cards and trading with other accounts, that whole thing.
I get that, but why...
If all these accounts are being sold on a Polish website or all these accounts are being bought and sold on there, why are they not selling accounts with other games too?
Why does it always come back to FIFA?
Because FIFA is a popular game in other countries.
There's other popular games in other countries.
Why is it always freaking FIFA?
But the DLC for FIFA is a lot more expensive than buying a map pack for Call of Duty or something.
Where there's smoke, there's fire.
And it seems like FIFA is the common thing between all this.
There's something about that game or EA servers that are allowing this to happen.
EA sells a lot of garbage DLC.
People buy it.
and it's worth more.
I mean, that's really, I think, what it's coming down to.
But it doesn't matter.
You should be using a unique password and email combination on Xbox.
And that's pretty much what you have to do.
And, I mean, let's assume that even...
Right now, they're claiming phishing.
What evidence do they have that there's actual phishing going on?
They have no evidence.
They're just making assumptions.
Because all they know is, well, our stuff's not compromised, so it's got to be phishing.
But what they should do is, listen, hey, you know, these other games, and I think I've seen one of them say that.
Someone that was associated with Xbox said, hey, you know, there were these hacks that happened, and a lot of this email password combos got out in what they're doing.
and in fact, Anonymous said to do this when they leaked this crap out.
Try it in Facebook, try it in Yahoo, try it in Gmail, try it in Twitter to see if you can use these login credentials to get in access to other people's stuff because these people should be changing their accounts because these websites got hacked, whatever.
So that's what it is.
I mean, you need to change that stuff because if you use the same email and password combination or even username and password for every single website that you visit,
If someone gets one of those, they've got them all.
Alright, so again, we've spent way too much time talking about this because we've talked about it forever in the past on the show.
If you tweet me and say my Xbox got hacked, I'm going to tweet you back and say I'm really sorry to hear that, but I told you to change your password in August.
Now, if you tweet me back and say I changed my password back in August, I really do want to hear those because then that would prove something fishy is going on.
I'm not talking phishing.
But if you haven't changed your password by now,
DarkSakura.com
DarkSakura, what have you been up to?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I mean, I can, a lot of books that you get that are tie-ins to series are kind of like, oh, meh.
These are actually really good books.
The stories are really great.
I'm on the second book now.
I finished the first one in three days.
And that's just reading it, you know, in between times.
So, really good books.
I also played some Fractal.
And I installed Bastion.
I haven't played it yet.
But it's really been fractal and well.
And we picked up DJ Hero 2 today.
The girl installed the game, but you couldn't find the time.
We got DJ Hero 2 today.
The bundle set for 20 bucks at Big Lots.
So that's what tomorrow is.
Woohoo bargaining.
I know, right?
And I've also been playing Scare Shermie.
I finally figured out how to sneak up on Shermie.
Vacuum something in front of her.
She's too busy staring at it in absolute horror.
You can actually sneak up on her and she'll jump.
I think I saw a tweet or a chat comment or something earlier that said, I miss Shermie.
Because, you know, since we've moved studios, there's no more Shermie.
There are two cats here in this studio, but they're afraid of people.
They like to run and hide.
So they're currently probably under my bed.
Maruko loves me.
Yeah, but they don't know Loki.
And so they're probably like, who's that guy?
Maruko was sitting next to me, cuddling.
Aw, he just likes attention.
While I was reading.
He walks around with his tail in the air, showing off his butt.
Look at my butt.
and I was getting the occasional stink eye from Sanrio but yeah mostly and I was reading those books here by the way reading them here and looking at your video games seeing which ones I was going to run off with I was out of town by the way at Disneyland mostly it's just been that we've still been arranging a lot of stuff from the move so we haven't had a significant amount of time and also the issues with my hand are getting worse again so I can't really sit down and play for very long
All right.
Well, Loki, how was your gaming week?
Well, this week I didn't really play much because I play Call of Duty at work, which is fine.
Like I said, my coworkers are trying multiple ways to get me to not be as good, including as of Friday they taped a piece of cardboard to my monitor with a few random holes poked in it and, of course, blocking about 90% of the monitor.
I still managed to stealth kill a few people though with a knife doing that.
But yeah, I could not aim and shoot at anybody because there was nothing in the direct center.
So it made it very difficult to try to actually shoot somebody.
And then, let's see what else.
Oh, and I played Skyrim earlier in the week.
But I stopped playing it this week just so I could get some other stuff done.
Because every time I'm like...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I don't know the quests from the game.
I mean, obviously, they can't test.
If you step on this rock over here, you get launched into space or something like that because there's a lot of landmass to go wander around and test every single random event that would happen.
But I would think an actual quest in the game...
It would be very obvious that it's not working correctly.
But I don't care.
I don't have to finish that quest.
I'm not a necessarily completionist in this case.
But it's just still annoying, though, that something like that would break.
I mean, I don't mind if a character gets trapped in a wall or something like that.
Okay, I did mind that a little bit, and I had to reload a few times, but...
It's getting to the point now where I'm actually starting to get the frame stutters and stuff like that.
It's stopping and then going and stopping and going.
I have to stop moving for a second for it to catch up.
That's not good.
That's the PS3 crap that's going on right now.
I think I might try to get back into some Skyrim this week.
We'll see.
I'm a little MMO'd out right now, but I'll get to my own week in a minute.
We still need to play Pally's.
Yes, we do.
That would make WoW more interesting.
And I'm not really sure if we want to talk about it right now, but I've also... Like I told you that I've been...
My co-workers have been finding ways to try to hinder my gameplay in Call of Duty.
Let me set this up a little bit because this is one of the stories we didn't talk about a lot last week because it seemed like it was everywhere.
And it's not really a story.
It was really something that caught fire in a non-news week.
I mean, yes, the guy was an idiot, but it was just that guy got taken to the cleaners.
It was just like, really?
This is how bored we are?
but um it's obviously we're talking about the ocean marketing thing and and the whole controller that they were promoting was the Avenger now I think we can all separate the controller from the situation and this one guy with the ego however ironically enough Loki had procured a copy or an I've had one of these for months now and was ready to review it on the show when this all happened so Loki go ahead the Avenger controller now
Okay, the Avenger controller, it's basically, I mean, there's a couple different spins I've heard on it.
One, yes, it's created by a guy, I think he was a teacher or something like that, and his reasoning behind it was, oh, well, I wanted to make something that made games a little bit more accessible for people with disabilities or something like that, because he knew somebody that had trouble with a range of motion or something like that, and
So they had issues reaching the buttons or something.
I don't know what the case may be.
But that said, though, the way they're marketing it is not necessarily, you know, oh, this is for people that have disabilities.
Oh, yeah, and if you have disabilities, that would be good, too.
But, no, it's supposed to be something that actually decreases the amount of latency between your reaction and hitting the buttons.
And the way they do that is by putting these extra arms above the...
X, Y, and B buttons.
These arms reach out over behind the trigger and kind of on the middle of your finger for the B button as well.
Am I doing this right?
I'm holding this right now.
Do you kind of lift up?
Yeah, you're supposed to lift up and it's supposed to hit the button.
A little interesting.
You can adjust those arms too because that's adjusted for me right now, but...
DarkSakura.com
That's supposed to cut down the amount of time it takes you to press the trigger buttons.
It's supposed to make you better in games because you're hitting buttons faster and your reaction time is faster.
That's all good on paper, but it doesn't work that way, unfortunately, because you have to retrain yourself to play games, and it's actually very fucking awkward to play with that.
It was harder to play Call of Duty, and I gave it... I think I gave it a fair amount of time.
I'd say a total of about...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Call of Duty
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and you like you see how there's like a rubber bandy thing you can also kind of like tug on that and that triggers it too but this actually is much more comfortable to my finger because I don't have to have it up and put my hand in an awkward position because the whole problem I have with um with the triggers is that um I have to move my hand much higher up to reach them and
And if I had something that would work for the top two triggers instead of the back one, like this long piece, it would be very comfortable for me.
So like a half Avenger would be really good for DarkSakura.
Yeah.
Well, unfortunately, the part that you can take off the Avenger are the actual trigger buttons, or the, I don't know what they call them, paddles or whatever the hell, on the back there.
Those are the things you can take off if you don't like pulling on the...
Actual, like, skis or whatever the hell they call them.
I just want to say real quick, Derek H. in our chatroom at chat.orange.com says, Loki should tape three of his fingers together to simulate how it is supposed to be used.
Honestly, it's a waste of money, to be honest.
I think I want one.
My opinion is it's a waste of money.
See, it's very interesting.
For you, the normal controller doesn't bug you, but for her, she's like, okay, now I can see maybe something that might let me play games a little longer, so she's into it.
You should just give her yours.
Here's the thing, though, Jamie.
You're having trouble hitting some of the buttons.
These would need to be adjusted.
Okay, but the buttons that you have trouble hitting are the shoulder buttons, right?
Yeah.
Okay, well, they have controllers that have remappable buttons that would be on the bottom of the controller that you would hit with one of your middle fingers.
You drop Siri.
On the...
on this controller but like it's just the problem is okay the price point is 50 bucks first off for not a controller they call it a controller it's not a fucking controller it's a piece of shit that attaches to a controller if it were a controller I would be able to take this off and play with just this and it would work just fine $50 for that's a little steep
I mean, and really, I mean, I understand that there could be uses for it as far as, you know, people, like they said right here, the rocker, you know, this B rocker here, they said, players with larger or smaller hands may utilize the rocker for added comfort.
Thanks for watching!
Really what would make the controller in general better for me is just extend the top to where the two triggers are further back.
They have also these sticker things that I pulled off of here already because I'm planning on reselling this because it's a piece of shit.
They had one that plucked, and that's the other thing too.
See, you'll notice that there's actual triggers for all the buttons except for the A button.
You still have to move your thumb off of here to push jump.
And it's recessed because now there's this hunk of garbage on top of the controller.
So now it makes it really difficult to hit the A button.
So their solution is there's a sticky pad that you can put on top of there.
I'm sorry.
So not worth the price at all for you.
It's not worth the price.
But maybe an accessibility thing.
Maybe if you have issues, you might want to try one.
Honestly, I think it could be done better.
Even if it's an accessibility thing, I think it could be done better.
And if you're having trouble hitting...
If you want something that's going to hit these face buttons or whatever, I'd recommend if you're playing Call of Duty, if you're going to... They had one either for Modern Warfare 2 or Black Ops.
They had a controller with two... It was from Mad Catz with two buttons on the bottom that were mappable to either the left stick, right stick, or L3, R3, and then the four face buttons.
And you can hit those buttons on the bottom using... I guess it would be... Let me see here.
It would be probably with your middle finger to hit those buttons on the bottom.
That's actually not too bad as far as comfort goes.
That would be my recommendation.
For $50, you actually get a controller that you can use straight out of the box and go.
This is $50 plus you have to have a $60 controller to plug it on top of.
It's $110.
I love their website.
and this is another reason for me to hate G4 but I love their website because they have a bunch of different reviews on it and one of them was from G4 where they're comparing this and a controller from Evil Controllers which is ironic because this controller I have in here is a modded controller from Evil Controllers um yes and they're fucking expensive so I don't recommend buying them because it's not you can get it way cheaper and stuff but they're still nice um
They're like, their review, and this is Adam Sessler on fucking X-Play, their review was, well, we don't like the Evil Controllers because Rapid Fire Controllers are cheating.
It's cheating.
Well, if you guys like cheating, then meh.
That was their negative review for Evil Controllers.
But we like this Avenger one because it's not cheating.
That was the reason they liked it.
So there's your educated review for that.
Interesting side though, did you hear G4 has a new president now?
And it has to do with that whole Comcast, you know, because G4 is a Comcast network and that whole Comcast NBC thing that's happening.
So, interesting.
But anyways, yeah, I just want to say, you know, because, you know...
They were trying to pull with a lot of the stuff.
The adventure was meant for people with disabilities.
They tried to swing that whole emotional, I've got to feel sorry for them.
They donated a child's play because of this whole bad PR and the fact that they still haven't delivered these pieces of shit controllers.
I got one of these months ago, so they were done.
They just haven't manufactured them, whatever.
I mean, it's fucking plastic, so I don't know why it's taking so long.
And that's the way that they were marketing it, except the problem is it's not Avenger, the controller to allow all gamers to play games, including those with disabilities.
It's Avenger, the ultimate gaming advantage.
And no, I'm sorry, it's not an advantage.
It's actually quite a disadvantage, and I seriously would...
All right.
That's enough.
Clearly we know how you feel about that, Loki.
So that's enough.
I gave it a fair share.
I mean, I played for that for five hours and trust me, I did not want to play for that long a time with that controller.
It was just terrible.
Alright, my gaming week quickly.
I don't have a lot to really add because there hasn't really been any new games that have come out.
So it's been basically more Sweat Tour, Star Wars The Old Republic, and Warcraft, of course, because that's every week.
And randomly got an urge to play Super Mario World.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
That's pretty cool.
Yeah, so I've been playing that, just old school a little bit.
And finally tried PvP in Sweat Tour.
And it was actually really fun.
I love the commentators.
Oh my god, that part was really funny.
As you're playing, there's actually live commentators like, you know, Oh, they just killed a guy on the Frog Pants team.
They took him down.
It's just really funny.
Is Greg Proops in there again?
No, it's not Greg Proops.
Such a missed opportunity.
I mean, he's not doing anything.
The frog knobs or something?
I don't know.
What's he doing now?
He's like hosting some weird news on Yahoo or something like that.
I mean, come on.
The guy's not doing anything right now.
No, no, no.
He's got his podcast.
It's great.
Smartest man in the world.
I would endorse that podcast.
I have to say, I listened to it in Rob's car.
He can squeeze out some more voice work for a game.
Come on.
Come on.
Just throw some money his way.
He'd do it.
SuperStreetFighter4 Arcade Edition
Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3, Street Fighter 3, and Mortal Kombat, the new one, Mortal Kombat 9.
They are doing competitions.
These are all on Xbox 360.
Fighting game competitions.
And up until the show started, there was only two people signed up.
Two!
Representing OLR.
Myself and Tiger Claw.
Thank you, Tiger Claw.
However, I just reloaded the site and I did notice a couple more have signed up for Super Street Fighter 4.
I see VidPower and SpongeTwang have signed up to represent OLR.
So I'm feeling a little better, but if you guys want to make me really happy, this is, and you can't procrastinate.
In fact, for podcasties, it's too late.
you can't register for this anymore but those of you guys listening live this is literally your last chance because today is the last day and I posted the link there in our chat room you can go sign up on the forums to participate and represent OLR you don't have to be good at these games just represent OLR just you know do your best because I signed up for Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3 which is the only game I have on 360 out of these and I am prepared to get my ass handed to me although I will try I will put up a fight literally
so go sign up there on the forums and represent OLR there's tons of shows participating in this now not just all games people now there's like Twitch TV communities Martini Gaming the Unfocused podcast there's lots of people participating in this so check that out at thebigbattle.net but you gotta do it tonight Sunday sorry podcast listeners you had your chance last week we even had Derek on and everything was talking about it and you had your chance so hopefully you guys will be signing up and kicking some butt on behalf of OLR
Alright, let's see, moving on.
I guess that's it.
We'll get into some news.
I'll just quickly say follow us on Facebook, facebook.com slash OrangeLoungeRadio and we're also on Twitter, twitter.com slash OLR.
Alright, let's get into tonight's news.
Loki, why don't you start us off?
Alright, let's talk a little bit about Atari and some of their, I guess, witch hunts over infringing iOS games.
Apparently they're going after everybody that has games that look like theirs, and whether they're just a blatant ripoff of, say, Asteroids or Breakout or something like that, or if it just happens to be a tank game with vector tanks, you know.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
For companies like Atari, our intellectual property portfolio is our most valued asset.
While we have a great respect for indie development community and greatly appreciate the enthusiasm that they have for our renowned properties, we need to vigorously protect our intellectual property and ensure that it's represented in highly innovative games.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
This is a slippery slope though, because I want to say, okay, yeah, I get it.
We see these knockoff games on the iOS devices and especially Android stuff all the time, but where do you draw the line?
Because if you think about it, couldn't any shoot-em-up game, any first-person shooter, couldn't anything come back to combat?
If you really think about it.
Well, like, see, I have a problem with the fact that, you know, okay, it's a vector game that has tanks in it.
I'm sorry, but even I think in the arcades they had more than just Battlezone.
I remember an awesome PC game, awesome, awesome PC game called Spectre that was like a vector tank game, but it was not...
I mean, it was not Battlezone.
I remember the big thing about it is you could do modem play and all this stuff, which was huge when I was growing up.
And the whole reason they're doing this, of course, is because they have their own games that they're releasing on the iOS marketplace.
And that's what it really comes down to, I think, is that they just want to release it and actually get some money for it.
I mean, let's be serious here.
You know, like Arkanoid and stuff like that.
I mean, which Arkanoid isn't really theirs, actually.
Was it Breakout?
Taito was Arkanoid.
Yeah, Taito.
But Breakout, I mean, that's pretty much like Arkanoid.
Yeah, really big difference.
Well, Arkanoid is just a souped-up version of Breakout, if you will.
I mean, it's got the falling, you know, things that you pick up that change the paddle.
But, like, you know, I would say that that's more of, like, a genre of games now, less of a, you know, because...
I mean, it kind of goes back to saying, well, you know, there's fighting games and they're all clones of Street Fighter.
Well, it's a genre now.
It's not necessarily... Yeah, a lot of stuff is inspired by or is a clone of something and they kind of throw their own unique spin on it and there's that.
or there's the games that are on the ios a lot of games out there that there's guys trying to make a quick buck and they put something with the angry birds characters they literally rip the assets from the game and then they create something else or you know something that's like it's angry cats and there's dogs or something or you just you know to the point where that's a ripoff don't the masses kind of know how to tell a cheap ripoff though
well the masses do but see it reminds me of those CDs they sell at Target for like $5 that are like you know top 40 hits and all it is it's like really bad cover songs of the stuff that's on the radio right now
But a lot of it, though, it's kind of like one of those things.
They have to try to protect their rights or they lose their rights.
So they kind of have to do this.
But at the same time, I think the reason they're doing this is because they're putting games up on the iOS platform that... I mean, they recently released updated versions of Breakout and Asteroids.
So, I mean, maybe that's why they're doing it.
But...
I mean, okay, I can't fault them for trying to do that.
And let's be honest, there's a lot of shit on the app store that's fucking just ripping off all sorts of shit.
I mean, there's a ton of rip-off games out there, and there's a ton of games inspired by stuff.
Like, I would say Vector Tanks is probably, it's a somewhat, you know...
Original game.
I mean, yeah, it's inspired by the old vector graphics and maybe inspired by Battlezone, but it's not like they're not calling it Tank Zone and it has basically all the same gameplay as Battlezone.
I just...
I don't know.
I think that they should be going after the right people, but they're going after everybody instead.
And at the same time, why aren't the people there making the Mario games and shit like that getting that stuff taken down?
To turn this to 180 a little bit, this is what really worries me about SOPA.
and that whole thing and why people are really scared.
Because if you allow corporations to kind of draw the line, they're going to draw it too far in the sand one way.
Oh, they're going to take out everything.
It's going to be crazy if something like that actually passes, you know?
I mean, and all this stuff that we see is just evidence of that because Atari may overreach in trying to protect their stuff.
And who's to say, you know, other companies... Do you trust a lot of these companies to draw the line?
Of course not.
And here's the funny thing too.
Say for example I make a game or something that's pretty original and I release it out there and Atari goes and I consider ripping off some of my ideas or something like that.
This game is too much like Custer's Revenge that Loki made and so we have the rights to this game even though it was really a third party.
Let's say for example here's an example that's not necessarily accurate but
was it the ferret tossing game let's just say the ferret tossing game comes out and it's too much like Defender with the whole scrolling left and right and the people on the ground too much like Defender or okay maybe that's a bad example let's just say let's say say I release the game out there and all of a sudden you know Atari comes out or not even necessarily Atari just some company comes out and
A major company.
And puts out a game on iOS or something like that.
It's very similar to my game.
As far as all the original aspects of that game, it's very similar to that.
I myself...
Go to Apple and say, hey, I want you to take this down.
Are they going to do it?
Probably not because this major company that has a lot more money invested into the App Store than I do, and they're just probably going to ignore what I say.
Yet if Apple comes and says, hey, we don't like ferret tossing or whatever like that, even though it –
Vaguely resembles something that they may have done.
They will take it down without a blink of an eye.
Who's going to know where to draw the line?
Do you trust the government to draw the line?
Do you think senators and all them play video games?
I think one senator came out and said, well, a lot of my staff does play Mortal Kombat.
That was the most video game keen thing I've ever heard.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I understand that not everybody plays games out there, but I would assume nowadays that the vast majority of the populace plays games in some form or another, not necessarily console games, but at least on the internet, the occasional phone game or something like that.
And if these people representing us don't have any fucking clue about what's going on out there, and they just don't care, they'd be like, well, I don't watch TV, so why should I protect the rights of the people that want to watch TV?
I mean...
that's just not good you need to get these people out anyhow, tangent, sorry about that but it's important it's kind of stuff that's going on right now
Diablo 3 Diablo 3 Diablo 3
According to Best Buy, and this is, again, to be fair, it's not the whole damn corporation.
It's one store that apparently was in Minnesota where the Twitter user was that had a standee that said Diablo 3, midnight opening, available for purchase 12.01 a.m.
on February 1st as the launch date.
And February, by the way, was spelled wrong.
Well, there's been this whole... Was it missing an R?
There's this whole back and forth.
F-E-B-U-R instead of R-U.
Febr.
Yeah, which, granted, February's a tricky word.
It's probably one of the more common misspelled words, but still, clearly not an official Blizzard product if that's the case.
Now there was this whole back and forth that went on.
A UK retailer kind of clarified the date too and showed a February 3rd date, and then there was this whole other back and forth where the Best Buy was actually called by the gaming press and that the sign was actually taken down,
and then Bashyok, one of the community managers over at Blizzard, actually said on Twitter, LOL, we can't stop shops from doing whatever they want to do, I'm paraphrasing here, but retailers will find out when the rest of you do, basically when it's in an official press release.
But certainly there's a lot of back and forth going on about the release date.
Loki, you're on the inside a little bit.
You're shaking your head over there.
And then there's Micah Whipple.
That's Bashyok.
No, they have not announced an official date yet.
You'll know when they do.
for Warcraft, and the fact that you're going to have probably a million people getting it for free because they're committed to WoW, and they're going to drop it at a time where it's going to distract them from WoW because nothing's going on in WoW.
So I think end of March is reasonable.
And they're also going to be starting their marketing campaign, which will be massive, and so one month lead time is not enough.
Diablo 3 Diablo 3 Diablo 3 Diablo 3 Diablo 3
it's fucking done and the problem is it has to do with the whole it's the auction house thing that's getting tied up in Korea as part of it and now they're using this as an excuse to put more into the game which is yet to be revealed but I don't think it's I think a lot of this is to make sure that legally that auction house thing gets clearance in all the countries I honestly believe that I think this game should have been out last year and I think they were going to announce it at BlizzCon for a December release and change their tune when Korea happened so
We'll see.
Virtual M in our chatroom says the website does list it as February 1st if you go to BestBuy.com.
But placeholder dates are super common.
It's a placeholder date.
It's probably, if I remember correctly, the last update we got from them was Q1 2012.
And that's kind of an... You just place a placeholder date.
Usually, like I used to put it on a weird date like a Saturday or something like that in our system so that...
I know it's a placeholder date, but yeah, there's no date for it yet.
In fact, I'm 100% sure there's not an official date for it yet.
Although I haven't gotten an update from Activision in a while, so probably next time I get it.
Well, rumors are the news of a release date could be coming out next week, as early as next week.
But I think a lot of that's wishful thinking on the community and how sometimes that snowballs into, oh, this is news now.
Probably what it was is a store jumped the gun and they built some POP for the store.
and plus if and Virtual M says the website list is that as this that's actually Virtual M probably just explained where the issue came from Best Buy didn't get that date from uh from Blizzard they got it from themselves probably in their own system and the store manager was like oh we gotta we gotta make sales for this let's get a sign made up and we're gonna we're gonna push more sales of this and it's February 1st in our system right here props to them for being you know uh
Way to take initiative!
Take initiative, but at the same time you need to spell.
Alright, let's move on to DarkSakura with some other gaming news.
This is not a rumor.
Not a rumor.
It's about Kaz Hirai.
Guess what?
He's being promoted to president of Sony.
That was actually put up by Nikkei, by the Japanese Stock Exchange.
He's going to be replacing Howard Stringer.
The theory is by April it should be going on, but they have to finish everything through a board meeting.
and Stringer is staying on as the chairman and CEO.
So, yeah, we get a lot more Ridge Racer and giant enemy craps.
But man, Sony's kind of in relatively crappy shape.
Well, first off, let me play this, then we'll come back.
Because in honor of Kaz Harai ascending to the throne at the top of Sony, I think we have to play our very favorite clip from 2006.
Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Kaz Harai.
Ridge Racer!
The essence of the PlayStation DNA is real change, and the consumers are ready.
Genji 2 is an action game which is based on Japanese history.
Ridge Racer!
Being based on history, the stages of the game will also be based on famous battles which actually took place in ancient Japan.
So here's this giant enemy crab.
Ridge Racer!
And you attack its weak point for massive damage.
It's Ridge Racer!
Ridge Racer!
PlayStation 3 will retail for 599 US Dollars 599 US Dollars 599 US Dollars Giant enemy crab 599 599 599 US Dollars It's Ridge Racer!
Ridge Racer
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
However, look at that clip.
This is just history repeating itself all over again, isn't it?
It's too expensive.
The games are, you know, hit and miss.
I gotta give them credit.
There is a lot of interesting, stunning stuff.
And I think a lot of people are really turned off by the price right now.
And in some ways, I kind of see history repeating itself here.
I don't think I would write off the Vita as a horrific failure yet.
I mean, it hasn't launched here in the US for one.
I don't know if it's gonna... I think it'll sell more than...
PSP is due in the same week, but I think the 3DS is going to stay on top.
There is nothing coming out for the PSP.
Nothing.
One game, but it's a visual novel.
If I can also point out something, last fiscal quarter, Sony lost 1.6 billion yen, which is about $20 million.
Or 13 million pounds.
So, I mean, but it might age well.
You never know.
Like the PlayStation 3, everybody gave it shit in the beginning.
Everybody gave it shit.
But it's come a long way.
And right now, you know, especially with everything we were saying with Microsoft at the top of the show, PlayStation 3...
It's a pretty good system right now.
It really depends on the games you want and the exclusives and all that, but it's a worthy competitor to the Xbox 360.
I don't think anyone would have said that in 2006.
And honestly, I think with the 3DS and stuff, I don't see them squeezing out a lot more power out of that system than the stuff that's out right now.
I mean, sure, there's going to be some games that look pretty nice and can do a little bit more, but 3D is all they got.
I mean, if you don't like the 3D, you got to DS.
I mean, that's pretty much it.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Where eventually, a couple months later, the older DSs were outselling the 3DS And now look where the 3DS is I mean, all it took was a few powerhouse games And now nobody's joking about the 3DS Everybody's like, within a matter of months Everybody's like, okay, yeah, 3DS, here to stay It's happening No one's arguing that the fact that the 3DS launch versus the Vita launch I mean, the launch games are way better on the Vita There's actually stuff that people would like on there
I'm probably not going to get one at launch because it is too damn expensive.
And honestly, I don't play my 3DS enough.
I mean, fuck, I've only played Super Mario 3D Land once, and I'm not going to buy any system.
GameGuru in our chatroom says, well, yeah, 3DS stole Monster Hunter, which is what everyone bought the PSP for in Japan.
So, you know, those few key games can really sell a system.
I mean, you cannot deny that Mario 3D Land and Mario Kart 7 is the reason why 3DS, nobody's, you know, joking about it anymore.
And Monster Hunter in Japan, certainly.
You know, so, anyhow.
Alright, so, Kazurai, I mean, it'll...
These things happen, you know.
But don't buy Ridge Racer.
Do not buy Ridge Racer for the Vita.
If you're going to buy a game for the Vita, seriously, if you're trying to buy a cheap game, if you're looking to buy a cheap game from Namco, buy Touch My Katamari because that's $30 and you get a full game versus $30 and get three tracks and five cars.
All My Eyes in chat says, but Sony doesn't have a system seller like Mario or Mario Kart.
They do have Uncharted, which is a pretty big deal over here.
They have Uncharted.
They have Wipeout.
If you like Wipeout, they have... Well, Hot Shots Golf actually did pretty well in Japan.
It's not right at launch.
I wouldn't put Wipeout on the same level as Mario Kart.
I really wouldn't.
It's not at launch, but... Well, they have Mod Nation Racers.
That's a launch title.
I wouldn't put that on the same level as Mario Kart.
I'm like, Sony's big things are God of War, Uncharted.
Well, within a month, LittleBigPlanet.
That'll be big.
Yeah.
Luminous for me and third party games Luminous I don't see as a launch sales well I haven't gotten the Ubisoft updates yet but I haven't seen any there to launch stuff but in third party stuff I mean you've got Ninja Gaiden Sigma I mean that's a pretty hardcore game
Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3, Blaze Blue, Continuum Shift Extend, the MMA game from 505, Supremacy MMA, and
I know there's a FIFA game and Ridge Racer, Touch My Katamari, which looks pretty good.
There's a lot of good games.
It's not like where, huh, well, let's see.
There's Nintendogs and a submarine game.
Oh, and Pilotwings.
Steel Diver.
All right.
Rama in our chat says, if Sony knocked the price of the Vita down to $199, they wouldn't need a system seller per se.
They'd be losing a lot of money.
Yeah, I guess that's true.
But isn't it common to lose money on systems?
You make it back up with the games?
Plus, the Vita does have a lot that's not just games.
That's another thing.
It does have strengths in... Just like the PSP had the web browser, had the MP3s.
People call into the show on their PSPs.
I mean...
you know let's see all my eyes agree it's true if they knock the price down to $199 I would buy it and Yuki follows it up with same so the price is they're not going to lose $100 on every system I mean that's just stupid I mean it's stupid but at the same time I think it's fucking retarded that I've got to buy another memory card that doesn't come with the system I mean
Hell, the original PSP, I think, came with a 32 megabyte memory card.
I agree that if they wanted to get, they would put a small memory card in there.
Yeah, like, I mean, even half, not even half a gig, but like, let's do a one gig card.
I mean, those things cannot be the price to manufacture that they're charging.
I don't think they would be taking a big loss by throwing one in.
And I think that would really sweeten the pot.
Because I kid you not, every single one of those games requires a memory card.
And so here's a fun situation.
I go buy a Vita.
And they're sold out of memory cards.
Fuck, I can't play anything.
Alright, we gotta move on.
We're running long in Part A. Let's move on with some more news, Loki.
That's just like a great plan right there.
Hey, guess what?
Apparently, there's some insiders that say that there's gonna be the new unveiling of a new Xbox and new PlayStation, this E3.
and they apparently have it from a very very very very very very very very very reliable source and this is MCV reporting this as well that both of these new consoles will be making their debut at E3
I'm not surprised.
Obviously, though, that doesn't necessarily mean they're going to be out this year or even next year.
I could see them coming out maybe fall of next year.
I call bull on this story because I would believe the Xbox.
I think it's about time for the Xbox to show off their next console, but I don't think PlayStation 4.
I don't think we need it yet.
I feel like PlayStation 3 took so long to get to its prime that
I almost kind of believe the whole 10-year cycle thing.
I think PlayStation 4 coming out this soon, showing it this year, I don't know.
I think it's the Vita.
They've got to push the Vita.
They've got to push that through the holidays.
You don't understand, though, Rob.
A 10-year cycle doesn't necessarily mean that, boom, after 10 years they launch a new console.
It means that they launch a new console and it overlaps for three years.
I just... In my gut, you know, just says there can't be the PlayStation 4 this early.
It's just too damn early for the PlayStation 4.
It's a reliable source, though.
It's so reliable.
The source and the reliability.
I mean, it's so reliable.
I want to get their quote because it was hilarious.
Nope, don't have the quote.
Oh, well.
There's one guy that's like, I can guarantee it 100%.
It's going to be there.
You know what's going to be there?
The Wii U. And my disappointment.
Actually, you know what?
I'd be interested to see what's going to happen next week during the whole CES stuff.
CES is never really gaming.
Nintendo is going to be there with the Wii U. Yeah, but they swear up and down it's just the exact same thing they showed at E3 for people who weren't able to wait in that horrifically long line.
Yeah, and I don't think they need to.
I mean, CES really isn't a gaming show.
The biggest game news I can think of that ever came out of CES was the Microsoft Game Room was a big thing that came out.
And unfortunately, Microsoft Game Room didn't last, which is such a... Don't get me on that tangent.
Game Room had so much freaking potential, and now it's like ruined it for everything else.
I'm so mad about Game Room because it could have been so much more awesome.
It really should have been.
But anyway.
Yeah.
No, I think the big thing is Windows 8.
You'll see more stuff about PC and bigger TVs and 3D TVs and all that.
I don't think it's a lot about gaming consoles.
You might see little things, especially from Microsoft and the 360 because they're really trying to make the 360 this whole centerpiece.
I think they're going to be showing off some new channels.
And if you want to take a total shot in the dark...
Maybe something akin to the 1 versus 100 thing getting announced.
Some type of entertainment channel.
So how are you digging those channels?
Because I've stopped downloading them because I just don't give a shit about them anymore.
They're kind of pointless, I hate to say it.
The only one I could ever see myself using is that maybe I would use iHeartRadio if I was hosting a party.
Because there are some decent stations on there with very few commercials.
Some of the HD simulcasts.
you know that play like dance music or comedy on loop it's kind of like having the satellite radio that's the one that I'm kind of like I could see myself using this but the rest not really
I don't know.
I don't like the new interface, to be honest.
Oh yeah, I hate the interface, but that doesn't mean I don't like the point of some of the channels.
And the Netflix channel, certainly.
Although, actually, I find it better on my PS3.
Don't you think now that we have the technology where we could, I don't know, select the interface we want?
Thought?
Maybe?
That'd be nice.
We have the technology, we can select it.
Alright, well speaking of rumors, there are some rumors about the Really good Fleetwood Mac album There are some rumors about the Xbox Lube, because remember that's what we're calling it now If you don't know why we're calling the new Xbox system the Xbox Lube, you have to go back and listen to some old episodes But apparently the Xbox Lube is supposed to be, this sounds really slick, supposed to be a DVR as well
This is according to some patents that are floating around out there that apparently on December 27th the US Patent Office gave Microsoft a patent for a device that would be a game console and a DVR.
A digital video recorder application running alongside a television client component allows users to record media content on the gaming console.
The DVR application also integrates itself with the console menu.
Once integrated, users can record media content while playing games.
Alternatively, users can record content when the gaming console is turned off.
The recorded content can include television programming, gaming experience, whether local or online, music, DVDs, and so on.
When in the recording state, users can also switch between various other media modes, whether gaming, television, and so on.
I think this would be more something that would be integrated into a television set or integrated into a set-top box that would be from a cable provider.
Here's my other thing.
I mean, although I could certainly see this being feasible for the next system, why does it have to be the next system?
Isn't it feasible that they could release a 360 that has a DVR built in?
They could do that, but I mean, I think that by saying it's in their next thing, that makes it a selling point.
True, true.
I mean, it is kind of a big thing, but that's the type of thing.
Really, how well did the HD clear?
Hypothetically, let's say it was in the 360.
That I could see coming out of CES.
I think DarkSakura is right.
I think it's going to be the next system.
I'm telling you, it's never going to happen on its own.
It's going to be something from a cable provider.
The cable providers are going to be like, hey, we're providing content to you and you're going to offer a DVR so now we can't charge people the fee that costs...
to rent the DVR system out, you know, and they don't have to buy our higher tier programs to get a DVR.
You're gonna pull this shit on us?
Fuck that, we want some of that money.
So that's not gonna happen.
They're gonna put that shit out themselves and it's gonna be kind of like, hey, you can get Comcast and you get a game player as well.
You know, a Comcast box and you get games and you can do all this stuff.
Or it's gonna be integrated into a TV, you know, something like that.
Because I'm telling you, they're not gonna...
I mean, I would love it.
It'd be great if we could have a DVR because then I can DVR shit without having to pay my cable writer to do it.
But I just don't see that happening.
It's kind of a pipe dream.
I mean, there's DivX, or not DivX, there's TiVo, but who the fuck uses TiVo anymore?
uh yeah you got some support in chat room Loki a lot of folks uh agree with you Derek H says Loki is correct I think he's saying it about this I don't know because of the delay there's like a minute delay but uh Ranma in the chat says the console as a DVR will cause a problem because cable providers will not support it
You're right.
There are cable providers in agreement with Xbox.
Comcast, our local one, is supposed to come on board in early 2012.
That will be shown at CES for sure.
If I can DVR whatever.
I can DVR X show or whatever.
Let's just say I can set it up like a TV.
I can set it up.
Okay, I want to record a season of this.
Why would I buy the content off of their service?
Because I already DVR'd it.
They're losing sales that way.
Then
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It's gotta be something that's coming from them, like a new set-top box.
What if it just worked with an over-the-air TV, though?
I mean, remember, you can hook an antenna to your TV and get these magical channels that come through.
Yeah, and it works fantastic.
I can tune in zero channels.
It depends on where you live and your connection.
It's terrible.
I need like a big old retro antenna to get out of my roof in order to get that shit to work.
No, they don't look like that anymore.
Now they're like square.
They're totally different.
They suck.
They suck ass.
I mean, seriously, I tried hooking one up too.
I was like, yeah, I'm going to put this up.
I'm going to get on my HDTV for free.
It worked like crap.
I got nothing.
Not even a Spanish channel that came in correctly.
Although when I was programming, it actually got worse every time I tried to find stations.
I actually have to say, to be perfectly honest, I have no use for DVR.
I don't watch TV.
Dan doesn't watch TV.
Everything that we watch is streamed.
I was going to say BBC America, maybe?
Supernatural on CW?
I download my shows on the internet because I hate commercials.
And besides that, you know... But commercials are what provide your free television.
I don't watch the TV I mean, Dan, the only shows that he watches is like Sons of Anarchy and Top Gear and guess what?
He streams them from other places
We're paying for cable.
We rarely use it.
We actually downgraded our TV cable and upgraded our internet cable.
See, I'm thinking about it, but then that'll be when the next season of RuPaul's Drag Race starts.
It's like, I gotta have logo.
I can't wait till the next day.
Gotta have it.
I cannot sashay away my cable.
The other thing, too, about CW shows, Rob, is that by the time it airs at its normal time, someone's already uploaded it from the East Coast showing.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Basically, they're trying not to rely on LittleBigPlanet as their primary safety net, if you will.
They are trying to actually expand into different audiences.
So they've been spending about... And this is from a British news source.
They're spending about 3.44 million pounds...
and so on.
I think it's really smart too because, you know, say that you've got a company that's good for just one thing and that's all they've been doing.
But after a while, the franchise is stale.
Because I honestly think LittleBigPlanet, before too long, is going to hit that place where people are going to expect the same thing.
And there's not going to be able to put much new into it.
I think a big problem is LittleBigPlanet is really a limitless game.
There's so much you can do with it, but I think it's the saturation that's going to be an issue.
And that's not really on Media Molecule, but it's like you have your PSP version and your Vita version and it's coming out on everything.
Well, here's a quote on here.
They say that their investments are going into, and this is the quote, leading edge physics and dynamics, rapid world creation from laser data, innovative routes to marketing, to market via web-based interfaces, 3D stereo optics for advanced simulation, and use of high-def data capture and processing techniques.
They're making the holodeck, basically.
They're making the PlayStation holodeck.
They're trying to make it where I think it's not just they're extending to Immerse but they're actually trying to draw in your feedback into the game to make it customizable into whatever they're working on.
Derek H in our chatroom at chat.orange.com says 1.5 million to find new games?
Come on, that's just another way to write hookers and blow.
I don't think so.
Perhaps.
I would buy a game called Hookers and Blow.
Especially if it's that whole 3D immersive experience.
You see her nose that's about to snort the cocaine just jumping right out of the TV.
I want Man Horse.
Then you need to play Saints Row the Third.
All right.
Well, if somebody would lend it to me, I could play it.
I'm just lazy.
Let's move on and travel the world with some release dates.
And Loki, start us off with the U.S.
Although, like last week, there was literally nothing.
So I don't know if this week's the same thing.
Yeah, there's pretty much nothing.
This week, there is...
Well, not much.
I believe My Pet Puppy 3D from Five by Five Games.
I want to say that that got delayed.
I can't honestly... Well, here.
My Pet Puppy!
No, no, no, no, no.
I will get you the definitive list here.
Okay.
but yeah I seriously it was like nothing I think was actually this week we had like three re-releases of some UMD games that were from well that was actually like this week but let's see coming out this week
Ah, yes.
There is pretty much nothing.
So, let's start off with 4-in-1 Action Pack from South Peak Games.
It's four games that were featured on the PlayStation Network, and they're all terrible, including Mushroom Wars, Digger, Wave... Was it...
Smash Cars, and Wakeboarding HD.
All for $20.
So, I mean, that's pretty good, right?
National Geographic Challenge for PlayStation 3 as well this week.
And that is it.
Those are the two games you can expect this week.
Except, I bet you anything, 4-in-1 Action Pack doesn't come out this week.
So maybe one game.
That's all you get.
And they're all terrible?
Uh, yeah, well, I mean, I don't know if they're absolutely terrible.
I'm looking forward to Mushroom Wars.
Because they're, for five bucks, I mean, for five bucks a game, I mean, that's not bad.
I mean, I would think this is...
No one's looking for this game, seriously.
So instead of being diarrhea, it's just solid poop.
Oh, stop.
All right, let's move to the Japanese release date.
There's at least a couple things this week in Japan.
On the PlayStation 3, there's a game called Time Leap coming out.
I'm not sure what Time Leap is.
Of course, I want to think Time Crisis, but it's actually... Time Leap is a romance dating game.
Yeah, I've played one of those.
Really, it animates the characters in real time.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
PSP Super Robot Taisen OG Saga
You know, when I hear OG Saga, I'm thinking like, you know, some old school rapper or something like that.
The 50 cent games are huge in Japan, go figure.
It's like Snoop Dogg in a fucking mech, that'd be awesome.
Alright, Nintendo 3DS gets Ace Combat 3D Cross Rumble.
I know there's some Ace Combat fans.
The Adventures of Tintin the game gets its Japanese release this week.
And I think that's it.
Nothing on the old school DS or anything else.
So a slow week in Japan.
Yay.
How about the UK?
We have some stuff on the 10th.
Gotham City Imposters.
On the 11th, we have Amy.
That game was delayed.
It was delayed at the last minute.
So it might not show on the calendar you're using, but Gotham City Impostors was delayed to February.
Good, because it looks like poop.
I remember reading a story on it.
It doesn't look like poop.
It just looks like Team Fortress 2 with Batman.
She got on here last week and talked about how horrible it looks.
On the 11th is Amy for Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 and Choplifter HD for Xbox 360, PC, PlayStation 3 Choplifter HD is so awesome, it has a Duke Nukem cameo Nice Because everyone cares about Duke Nukem nowadays On January 13th is Crushed on the 3DS, or maybe Crushed 3D It's Crushed, but they put the 3 and D in there, so you can kind of go
So it's Crushed.
I mean it's Crushed.
Crushed 3Ds.
I don't care.
Done.
Our release dates have been crushed.
Alright, just a couple more news stories for you guys in the classic game of the week.
You know what, we kind of sounded like, what was that anime club thing on Saturday Night Live?
I didn't even watch that.
I watched it because of John.
And I was like, you know what was sad is that I know people like that.
All right, Loki.
So there's going to be some changes coming to Xbox Live Indie Games.
This includes that they've now allowed people to, you know,
Thanks for watching!
Um, and then, of course, they've also raised the number of caps of titles that any developers allowed to host on Xbox Live Indie Games.
Uh, originally it was 10, now they can have a total of 20 games at a time.
Um, so, neat, I guess.
Of course, none of the changes that they made have made it easier to find Xbox Live Indie Games on the actual service, so...
That's too bad.
We'll be posting lots of direct links when Bungie Ferret Tossing comes out, which now with the expanded space, I'm expecting Aaron to include video clips of ferrets and clips from our show.
No, I'm just kidding.
He can do whatever he wants.
Seriously, you need to get some of that ferret B-roll.
You need to be able to put in the Konami code and just get actual videos of ferrets.
It would be great.
I was suggesting from the kitchen that it be played backwards.
All right, one other story for you guys before the Classic Game of the Week.
We were talking about the Vita a minute ago, and oh, you know the old saying on this show, hackers gonna hack.
So how long did it take the... Did Sony ever claim that the Vita was unhackable?
Was that claim ever made?
I don't think they did this time.
No, I think that they just assumed.
Yeah, well, it's been done.
The Vita's already been hacked, and the first thing that's been running on it, Genesis Games.
Yay!
And not Linux.
Not a bad idea.
Sonic and Knuckle, why are you cheering not Linux?
Because I'm kind of getting... I see.
The quintessential thing is to install Linux.
Yes.
When you hack the system, you put Linux on it.
Write your Hello World program.
I'm sure someone did that, but...
This is something that people want to download and use a lot of is the Genesis games on the PlayStation Vita.
Sonic & Knuckles now apparently running on the PlayStation Vita.
It's been out less than a month.
Apparently, it's a homebrew Genesis emulator that was originally built for the PSP.
It's running on the Vita's PSP emulator.
Yes, that's right.
It's an emulator emulating an emulator emulating a Sega.
Blast Processing And I've gone cross-eyed So there you go Sony apparently has put in some security that is going to make that exploit moot as soon as it is made available according to the video's uploader but how long is that going to last?
Watch the PSP They patch, new exploit They patch, new exploit Watch the Wii They patch, new exploit
They patch, new exploit.
And then they just forget the patch.
And the cycle continues.
And at some point they just say, fuck it.
Alright.
Remember back in the day when you didn't hack your system because you were playing a Genesis?
If I hacked it, I used an axe.
Remember when you actually were playing Sonic & Knuckles on an actual Genesis?
What, like two weeks ago?
So do we here at Orange Lounge Radio.
DarkSakura, what should the kiddies be playing this week?
In America, it was known as Rastan.
In Japan and England, it was called Rastan Saga.
It was put up by Taito.
And he played a barbarian beating shit up.
Let's have some of that music, Rob.
Roll that beautiful bean footage.
I've been hearing this game music play endlessly because Dan has decided he's on a Rastan kick and has been watching video playthroughs of Rastan.
Let me turn down the audio there so we can hear you.
God, so much Rastan.
Anyway, so it's sort of inspired by Greek mythology.
So you've got monsters coming out and you have to beat them up with your sword or an axe or hammers.
Some of the weapons are also jewels and you get shields and mantles.
You also can get a goat's head.
I think it gives you a one-up or something.
Was it an advertisement for God of War?
Maybe like seeing into the future?
Gee, Robb.
Anyway, as far as the background graphics for the arcade version, you actually had sunlight effects and it was fairly innovative for its time.
Look at the background on that video for a minute.
And make sure that you send a link to Ranma for our Tumblr.
Oh, I forgot Ranma was queen of the Tumblr now.
Yes.
Congratulations on your promotion, Ranma.
Because I have a hard time hitting the Tumblr on my little dinky netbook.
Oh, all our listeners, get Jamie Laptop.
I'm kidding.
No, no, no, no.
You can use that guy, that rock over there that Alan was using last week.
That's okay.
I want a new one.
Anyway, with the Japanese version actually did get a full dedicated cabinet, but the North American and European ones never did.
Theirs were kit conversions.
So you could convert an existing cabinet to whatever the kit was.
You had new buttons, joysticks, decals, marquees, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Um...
Also, the opening to the story, as what's on this particular version, it was not included in any version but the Japanese version.
So, here, sort of in a nutshell, and I'm just going to read from the article here.
The game explains that he would be given all the treasures of an empire in exchange for a terrible dragon's head.
And when you beat a stage, or the rounds as they're called, you actually get a victory screen that goes with the storyline.
In the American version, there's just sort of the generic story, you were a warrior, you cleared this crap, hooray for you, here's some money, and some bitches.
It kind of, the opening scene, I have to say, makes me think of Conan.
You know, the end of the movie when he's sitting on his throne, but that is another story.
Well, he also just looks like Conan.
Yeah, I mean, but, you know, this was the 80s.
The whole barbarian thing was totally rocking on, you know.
And I believe that this came out in, I want to say, 87?
Don't quote me yet.
As far as the ports that came out, there's a Sega Master System version, which I've got.
It actually had decent music, believe it or not.
The Master System had pretty decent music.
There's an MSX version, a Game Gear version in 91.
Oh, for the record, the Master System and MSX versions came out in 88.
There was a PC one in 1990, Commodore 64 version in 1987, a Spectrum version in 87, CPC version in 88, an Apple IIGS in 1990.
And the Commodore 64 version of the game was impossible to finish, Rob.
How did they manage that?
Had a bug in the game.
Yikes.
The bug would prevent a player from making a particular jump from one platform to the other.
He would always fall short.
He could never make it across.
I don't remember that.
I mean, I didn't play this game on 64, but that's gotta be irritating, to say the least.
Well, for anyone who wants to play it now, it was included in Taito Legends for the PS2 and Xbox and PC in 2006.
Which, funny enough, is how I've played this game.
I do have Taito Legends, so...
Didn't you get it for free?
No.
I think you won it.
No, that was... No, that was the year that you bought it when the Taito thing was going on at Classic Gaming Expo.
You're thinking Classic Gaming Expo was the Midway Arcade Treasures.
That was it.
Because I batted my eyes and I flirted with the Midway lady.
Yeah.
Okay, so anyway... Who was very nice.
I'm very sad to see the Midways no more.
Well, there were two sequels.
There was a game called Rastan Saga 2 that came out as Nastar in Europe and Nastar Warrior in North America.
And then Warrior Blade Rastan Saga Episode 3.
There was a 3D fighting game that was put out by Titus Software for PS2 and Nintendo GameCube that was called Barbarian in the U.S.,
The game was licensed by Taito and called Warrior Blade Rastan vs. Barbarian when it came out in Japan.
It also did come out in Europe later.
It didn't really have Rastan in it though.
It wasn't really related to the universe.
It was just, oh we can put Rastan on this and it will sell.
And he also made, the character Rastan made an appearance in a Taito game called Champion Wrestler as Miracle Rastan.
And now this game, it came into some censorship issues.
That while it wasn't really that adult content, it had blood splattered effects when you beat things.
Yeah, spread pixels.
Yeah, no, right.
And in the Sega Master System support, it actually had some boobage in it.
The Gorgon and Harpies were very booby and puby.
Yeah.
and the Medusa itself is actually just is all boobies so but I mean that was before we had the ESRB so probably today it might have had an M rating how about that but no we got boobs in the 80s and that's it alright there it is your classic game of the week Rastan
Polish Chocolate Cake Chocolate Babka
Awesome.
It's Jewish.
Eat it.
All right.
I'll have a little bit.
It sounds delish.
All right.
So while we feast on cake, we're going to take a break here.
But don't go anywhere.
There's plenty more of Orange Lounge Radio to come.
Lots more news still in Part B. Your emails, your tweets, if you tweet us right now at twitter.com slash OLR, your phone calls, and so much more when we come back on the show where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live with this episode number 340, no, not 300, 441 for January the 8th of 2012, the whole new year here.
We are live, of course, talking about video games, gaming lifestyle, all that stuff with you guys in our chatroom at chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
DarkSakura.com
or what have you and we played some music from OC Remix during the break I don't usually talk about this on the podcast but I had so many live people asking what those songs were and the fact that you can go to OC Remix and just download these for yourselves I'll go ahead and tell you what it was that first song was Will Rock was the artist from Mega Man 3 it was called Magnetic Fireworks and the second song we played there was a remix from the Goonies 2 password music screen believe it or not but I like that mix a lot that was TJ Neko with two K's N-E-K-K-O with I'm Taking It All Back
was the name of that so those are the two songs from OC Remix we played so if you want podcast listeners what you could do is you stop right when you hear the music interlude go listen to those two songs then come back and it's like you were listening live but you know obviously for copyright reasons and so forth even though those songs are free to download on OC Remix it just isn't right for us to put them into our own darn show
We're going to be getting into some rapid-fire news here in a minute, but first, I thought I would talk Disneyland, because, you know, I went to Disneyland this week.
I didn't miss any shows because of it, because we went in the middle of the week.
I've had, like, 18 days off of work.
It's been the best thing ever.
I sat on your cat.
Yes, so DarkSakura was cat-sitting, which, of course, we're incredibly thankful for.
And we, well, we took some pictures.
We took some pictures.
They actually had the Tron bike out at Electronica, so I was able to get that.
Is Electronica open again?
Electronica was open during the week.
Go figure.
I don't think it will be.
It was the most crowded I have ever seen Disneyland this week.
If I get to go to the bonus day thing.
Oh, the February 29th thing?
Yeah.
I don't know.
You better have Electronica.
That's Disneyland, not California Ventures.
I don't know if they're going to do it.
I think it's just weekends.
And yeah, they're definitely replacing Electronica come spring.
But you were looking at the pictures and DarkSakura was commenting that she really enjoyed the picture of Alan and I with Duffy.
Because Duffy's your favorite Disney character.
Why is Duffy your favorite Disney character?
He's fucking cute.
For those who don't know who Duffy is, who is Duffy?
Dan calls Duffy a focus market bear.
He's like, okay.
He was created at Hong Kong Disney.
Okay.
Okay, I was chewing.
I was in the mouth of cake.
So anyway, it was made by Hong Kong Disney.
And he really picked up big in Japan.
As, you know... Ah!
Duffy Pin!
We got Jamie a pin and we got her a Duffy sticker.
I actually don't think I have that pin.
Nice.
There you go.
So, but Duffy's just like this cute little bear that Minnie made for Mickey so that he would always have a companion when he went on his travels.
Now, you don't have a Duffy bear yet though, right?
I have a purse and I have a tiny Duffy.
You don't have the actual Duffy bear?
No.
Well, what if I told you right behind you...
I love you.
That's mine.
Leave it alone.
Just kidding.
Of course we got that for you.
You're welcome.
You do cat sit for us and feed the kitties and give them pettings and drink our juice and eat our food.
No, I'm just kidding.
We do appreciate it.
I have a Duffy.
So finally this time we said, let's just get her the damn real Duffy.
Let's just do it.
I have a Duffy hat and a Duffy purse and a teeny tiny Duffy.
Dan said he would never buy me anything Duffy and he got me a keychain.
Did he?
And now I have a real Duffy.
He's so soft.
Dan's going to be thrilled.
I'm taking a picture of him right now.
All right.
I hope Dan's not listening.
All right.
I hope he is.
TigerClaw in chat says, Rob, you go to Disneyland so much, you will need to go to Disney World.
After that, you should take it to the extreme and go to Euro Disney.
I would actually love to, or it's Disneyland Paris now, by the way, but I would actually love to go to Disney World.
It's just, it's a little more expensive to go cross country and you have to go just the right time of year because I don't want it to be super crowded, but I don't want to get blown away by the hurricane either.
And now I'm putting it up on the, uh, on the Orange Lounge picture thingy.
Spazinator, that's not a Duffy beer.
It's a Duffy bear.
It's a big difference.
Alright.
Okay, the pictures going up on are, uh... Sorry, Loki, I know you really want a Duffy bear more than anything, but maybe next time.
I don't even know what the fuck a Duffy bear is.
It's this!
Okay, I see that's a bear.
He's adorable!
I don't know who he is.
Look, his little feetsies have Mickey.
I'm taking a picture.
Oh, I was about to take a picture of his feet.
Well, Minnie made this for Mickey, so yeah, that's fantastic.
I was just buying time for Alan to get that out for Jamie.
So let's move on.
Let's get back into some gaming news.
Get into some rapid fire news.
Thank you, Alan, for doing that, by the way.
Thank you, Alan, for doing that.
Let's get back into some gaming news so I can eat some cake.
Alright, so the game by Notch, Minicraft, it's the one that he created in 48 hours last year.
It's been ported to Android devices.
And apparently it's not an official port of the game, but it's been done by a group called Fullstad Consulting.
And it has touchscreen controls and all that fun stuff.
And apparently, I believe it's free from the Android Marketplace.
So go check it out if you're interested in that.
Um...
I have no idea why people would buy this, but there is a new device called the Retro 2.
It's a USB device that allows you to play Super NES and Genesis games in emulators.
The actual thing costs $85.
But we'll allow you to plug in your controllers and whatnot into it and play it through an emulator.
Or you could probably buy a real console for that price.
Just saying.
I mean, I don't know why you would bother to try to play these through emulators.
Just last week we were talking about flea markets and how some of the old systems still work.
The Super Nintendo I have over there still works.
So, you know, just go get the old console.
Seriously, if you're going to spend $85 on something, you can...
I got a text from Dan Duffy the focus group bear
I just don't know why.
But anyway, if you're interested, you can check it out.
It's Retrode.com, I believe.
Yes, R-E-T-R-O-D-E, if you want to purchase that.
And then, of course, Abobo.
You may remember him or not from the...
Oh, now I can't remember the goddamn name.
Double Dragon.
Yes, I was like Dragon Age, Dragon War, Dragon Twin, Dragon something.
I know it has dragon in it.
Isn't Twin Dragons like a plane?
No, that's Twin Cobra and that was a helicopter game.
Yes.
Yes, so, uh, Aboa's Big Adventure is a free-to-play flash game, um, and of course features one of the characters from, uh, Double Dragon.
This game reminds me a lot of, um, oh, what was the one that they did for, uh, there was another one.
It was, um...
I can't remember now.
Maybe it's this game actually that I'm thinking of.
Anyways, the game will be coming out on January 11th and I guess it's confirmed on the official website of BubblesBigAdventure.com and you can play the game when it comes out.
And of course it features a bunch of old NES settings and parodies so it should be fun.
All right, moving on to some other rapid-fire news.
You know I love this series, Kid Icarus.
Of course, there's the new Uprising game that's coming out, what, this quarter at some point, right?
Do we have a firm date for that yet?
Yeah, it's in March.
I just don't remember what date.
So at the end of this quarter.
But in the meantime, you can play with some fan remakes.
There's a fan remake out there called Super Kid Icarus.
it's what they're calling a 16-bit remake um but that's a little bit deceptive because basically it's a pc version of Kid Icarus that uses 16-bit style sprites but very clearly a lot of the fonts and things that are used are pc but whatever you can play it in your emulator and it's basically Kid Icarus with souped up graphics and easy mode so if you uh you know Kid Icarus is kind of a fucking hard game so if you want to uh play it a little easier you can do that in this
I did play a little bit of it.
I wanted to see if there was more than just the first level in there.
And yes, I got all the way to the second level.
So there you go.
Better play it now before Nintendo pulls it down.
That's right.
You want to do that now before they pull it down.
This is interesting because the website that actually has it is home.comcast.net slash tilde super kid Icarus.
So enjoy it now before it gets pulled because I'm sure Comcast will get that cease and desist from Nintendo any minute now.
Zelda 25th Anniversary Symphony of the Goddesses
January 10th is the first show in Dallas, Texas.
March 14th in Vancouver.
March 26th in Seattle, San Francisco on March 28th.
Denver on April 7th.
April 20th, 21st in Phoenix.
Atlanta on May 12th.
Montreal on May 31st.
Austin on June 22nd.
Orlando on July 14th.
And Toronto on September 29th.
They are saying that there are more tour dates that are planned.
Very interesting what's not on the list.
SoCal.
so it's interesting to see maybe they'll do an LA show possibly an LA show like around E3 who knows but yeah they're going to be playing music from all the different Zelda games so it's not just the new one so if you like live symphony I think you'll enjoy that
God of War 4 apparently has been spotted on a composer's resume.
It's the first bit of anything God of War 4 that we've seen.
It was on the resume of Timothy Williams, who is the God of War series composer.
Apparently it's on his resume, but really, is it any fucking surprise that God of War 4 is in the making?
I didn't think so.
God of 4.
God of 4.
I think that's what they should actually call it.
So there you go.
God of 4.
All right, Dark Sakura.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Well, actually, this is specifically new characters leaked for Street Fighter across Tekken, and that is Shalyu and M. Bison, or as he is known overseas, Balrog.
or Vega, sorry, Vega, because they switched them around.
Balrog is the Vega over here, whatever.
Nah, I've gone cross-eyed.
So yeah, Xiaolu and M. Bison are involved.
As far as rock band news, it's Rob's absolute favorite band ever, Hall & Oates.
Kidding.
I was going to say, ABBA has an exclusive thing with the SingStar franchise, so it can't be that.
There's Holland Oats Pack 01, which has Private Eyes.
I can't go for that.
And Maneater.
I would get Maneater.
Private Eyes is awesome.
I kind of want this now.
Private Eyes is awesome and actually Maneater is pretty awesome too.
Every time I think of Paula Notes, I think of Patton Oswalt talking about if they had those surgery shows back in the 80s, people would want to look like Paula Notes.
I'm going to look like Steve Guttenberg.
I like what Spazinator suggests in chat here.
God of Gwar.
God of Gwar!
That would be awesome.
They should have a Gwar mod for God of War.
Don't they have Gwar songs in Rock Band?
They've got to have something.
That would be awesome.
There I am.
And the last, but not least, House of the Dead 3 and 4 are both coming to PSN.
But no typing of the dead, so therefore failure.
Guess what?
I have two copies of Typing of the Dead.
I don't even know where the fuck my Dreamcast keyboard is if I even have one anymore.
I have the Dreamcast version and the PC version.
You need to have Typing of the Dead day.
You know what we need to do?
Because Mavis Beacon ain't got shit on Typing of the Dead.
You know what we need to do?
What?
We need to get Jessica, Iguana Girl.
Oh, she was really good at that, wasn't she?
and we need to have a Typing of the Dead-a-thon.
Because when I got my copy, I took it to her apartment.
The apartment that she was living in when I met her.
And we played Typing of the Dead for like three hours.
I bet I know what apartment that was.
She lived there forever.
The one with several exits.
Yes, yes.
I remember that one.
But the one that I stayed up for three days without sleep making a costume with Evan.
Anyway, anyway.
Anyway.
But yeah, House of the Dead 3 came out in 2002, and House of the Dead 4 has only been in the arcade, so this is an exclusive to PSN.
Nice.
Now, how about the Silent Hill game?
I know a different company, but that Silent Hill arcade game, seriously, why haven't we seen this released somewhere for the home?
Because they have a stick up their ass.
Oh, oh, okay.
That answers everything.
And they're currently stuck on it, and the moment that they learn how to stand up without taking the stick up their ass with them...
We'll probably see it.
I'm having to hide poor Duffy's virgin Disney ears.
Is it too much to ask for some... Duffy, come over here.
Is it too much to ask for some fucking Silent Hill arcade game?
I'm definitely the Disney bear.
And I think that Rob has a potty mouth and he should eat some soap.
Oh, God.
This is just like Lil Santorum on Horde House this week.
I'm not even going to explain it.
What?
I'm not even going to explain it.
Horde House dot com.
Lil Santorum.
Yeah, that's.
I could just imagine.
Hi, I'm Rick Santorum and I'm an asshole.
All right, look.
Yeah.
For the record, that was an authentic southern accent.
Oh, was it?
I couldn't tell.
Is that DarkSakura or is it George Bush?
I'm not sure.
Moving on.
Loki, maybe you can bring some video game news back into this program that used to be about gaming.
Let's talk about piracy.
Alright, whatever, I'll take what I can get.
So, of course, a report came out talking about the most pirated games of 2011.
This is coming from Torrent Freak.
I would think that they would know a little bit about piracy.
Now, now, Loki, Torrent Freak isn't... It's just a BitTorrent news site.
How dare you?
Well, they should still be up to date with what's going on, including piracy.
I mean, come on.
I'm not suggesting that they are pirating themselves or facilitating pirating in any way.
I am just saying that they should know something about it.
Anyways, the number one game that has been downloaded 3.9 million times since its release in March of 2011
Crisis 2, the sequel to the game that killed PCs around the world.
But yes, Crisis 2, number one game.
Of course, Modern Warfare 3 was downloaded an estimated 3.6 million times since November.
So, you know, if Modern Warfare 3 had come out in March, then it would probably have been number one.
Battlefield 3 coming in 3rd with 3.5 million downloads and of course, rounding out the top 5, FIFA 12 and Portal 2.
There you go.
Surprised what's not on the list maybe?
Anything?
I mean, that was all PC stuff.
Let's talk a little bit about... How about Xenoblade?
Well... I'm surprised more people didn't pirate that to be able to play it in the US.
Now, now, you spoke too soon.
The top Wii game downloads on BitTorrent in 2011, Super Mario Galaxy 2, Mario Sports...
Mix.
Why the fuck would people download Mario Sports Mix?
That's a terrible game.
That's a very good question.
I get Galaxy 2 because that was on a lot of the best list.
And Xenoblade Chronicles was number three.
Lego Pirates of the Caribbean, number four.
And FIFA 12, number five.
That's a weird list.
Yeah.
Xbox 360 downloads.
Gears of War 3, number one.
Call of Duty Mario Warfare 3, number two.
Battlefield 3, number three.
Forza Motorsports 4, number four.
And Kinect Sports Season 2, number five.
Thanks for watching!
StarCraft 2, big PC game, nowhere on that list, I think, because of the whole Battle.net tie-in.
Of course, that drives a lot of people bonkers because they don't want to be on the internet to play the game, so where's the happy middle ground?
I don't know.
All right, anyhow, moving on to a system that I'm sure nobody's going to pirate any games on at all, the Wii U.
There's a new rumor about the Wii U, because rumors about the Wii U are everywhere, and it's a slow news week, so why the hell not?
Apparently, Wii U will also double as an e-reader.
This is apparently via a friend who Nintendo approached to do iOS software ports for.
over to the Wii U system, which doesn't surprise me at all that the Wii U would probably be going after things like Angry Birds, Cut the Rope, Tiny Tower, the stuff that's really big on iOS to be able to be played on the touch device.
That wouldn't surprise me at all.
But apparently Nintendo is also looking at doing digital books, magazines, comics, and so forth on the Wii U and the 3DS.
Apparently instruction manuals could be done this way too, strategy guides, and Nintendo Power.
You know what would be really funny, but there's no way this is ever going to happen, is if the Wii U controller actually became its own console.
But it can't.
I mean, because all the processing is done on that base.
I understand that.
They could put an ARM processor in there and have its own tablet.
Yeah, I'm kind of deja vu-ing what we talked about a little bit last week.
But yeah, we talked about how maybe one of the big things that they're going to change, because the system could change a lot until next E3, is that maybe they're going to put its own processor, a littler processor, in the Wii U controller itself.
It's going to drive the price of those things up even more, but... Processors are cheap, really.
Yeah, I guess it's true.
It just depends on what they put in there.
DDRDollarBill in our chatroom says, Wii U trying to be a tablet?
Yeah.
Tablets are terrible!
Let's build a tablet, come on.
Well, here's the thing, though.
I think a lot of it would be the fact that Nintendo would have a big audience with kids.
Like, maybe kids are too young to have their own iPad?
Rob?
What?
How well did the Pico do, really?
But kids could use the Wii U controller.
See, that's the thing, though.
I don't think kids are too young to have an iPad.
Well, let me put it this way.
A lot of parents don't think kids are too young to have an iPad, and they will buy them an iPad or an iPod or something.
I mean, I remember seeing on some gaming blogs the stupid iPod touch freak out Christmas videos and stuff like that.
I mean, come on.
Parents are willing to buy their kids that kind of stuff.
There are cat games on iPad.
There's games for toddlers on the iPad, so I'm not surprised that they would do that.
Seriously, with an iPad 3 coming out probably soon, it's only going to drive the prices of the older models down.
So why wouldn't parents buy an iPad?
I'm not surprised parents would let their kids play with an iPad because people are letting their frogs and lizards play with their iPad.
That Ant Smasher game?
Well, people are dumb.
It is kind of amusing.
Well, as long as the Wii U gets swap note, that's all I care about.
Which, by the way, if you could smile big, because I'm going to take a picture for Bobby here.
I'm not smiling big.
Maybe I'll send it to Tigerclaw 2 there.
A little 3D picture there of all our life.
All right.
with Duffy.
Duffy makes every photo adorable.
Hey, Swapnote is actually pretty cool.
It's like Nintendo is finally understanding email.
Fantastic, Nintendo.
For the record, I'm putting a picture of Duffy's butt on the OLR thing.
OrangeLaunchRadio.com Alright, let's take a moment to visit the mailbag.
Every week you guys send us emails.
mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com and DarkSakura dives into the email bag and reads her favorite emails.
I was going to say we should start taking emails over SwapNote but you'd have to have my friend code to do that.
Duffy should start reading them.
Hi, I'm Duffy.
No, Duffy should not read them.
While I work on my swap note, I'm going to send a swap note to Bobby, and I guess I'll send it to Tigerclaw.
I don't know who else listens to OLR on my friends list, but I'll send it to them too.
Well, I wanted to announce that we do have three winners for the Master System Contest.
Wieners?
Wieners.
That means I have to do... I think I've got games enough to divide amongst them as well.
So one is from Will...
and I will be logging into the email when I get home.
Another one is... Where is it?
From Rico.
And one of them was Hitstun.
So, congratulations to our winners.
Congrats to all you wieners.
and I'm going to try to send you ones that you don't already have.
So I know who's about getting what.
And if you get a duplicate, sorry, eBay.
We can autograph them though if you want us to.
So back to the mailbag.
I just played the worst game in history of Nintendo DS.
I asked for it for Christmas because I love puss in boots and a sexy Antonio voice.
Well, unfortunately, the reviews I were looking at were for the Wii version of the game, which apparently is decent.
This, however, this abomination should never have been made.
It is surely the spawn of Satan and all copies should be destroyed.
Seriously, the graphics look like something back from early, early PlayStation 1 or Nintendo 64 back when their characters, they were made of Lego blocks.
No voices, and the gameplay, tap the screen to the beat.
No, seriously, that's the whole stupid game.
And that's what I get for buying a tie-in game, I guess, but I really thought they'd treat puss with some respect.
Sad face.
Holly D. Haven't we warned you about tie-ins?
That's right, game tie-ins can be pretty bad.
Or movie tie-ins, games can be pretty bad.
Next email.
Bummer, though.
Hi, OLR crew.
I've never seen The Tester on PSN.
Not the first season or the second, mostly because I'm over reality shows.
I also thought the grand prize of being an entry-level tester was kind of stupid, though a great way for you to get your foot in the door.
But I think I'm going to start watching the new season because I just found out a friend of a friend is a contestant.
We were chatting on Facebook and I asked her if she'd be interested in appearing as a guest on OLR, but only if you're interested.
She seemed very interested, but would have to get back to me to see if corporate folks would allow her to do so.
So my question is, would you be interested?
Why the hell not?
Sure, I want to know who beat DarkSakura for the position.
No, DarkSakura withdrew herself.
I'm not going to give any more of her information, just because it's included in the email.
Sure, sure.
But we are interested.
Yeah, why not?
If corporate PSN will let us, then we're happy for it.
I would love to ask some questions about this stuff.
I want to wait until the show debuts, though, so we can be like, okay, how bad did they misrepresent this?
Well, there is at least one person that's a somewhat internet celebrity that's actually in there.
Oh, really?
Yeah, the guy that does, I don't know if you've ever seen them, the awesome games, like Metal Gear Awesome.
Oh, those are great.
Yeah, he's actually in contention there.
That's funny.
So, rooting for him, because he's the only person I recognize.
Vaguely.
Anyway, it says, thanks and keep up the good work, and thanks for putting the podcast up on Mondays.
They're not so blah anymore.
That's from Stan.
I had the show up within an hour last week.
This is great having it at my house.
Good for you.
Just saying.
Okay, by the way, I sent that message on SwapNote.
See how long it takes to get to Tigercola.
This is good evening, DarkSakura, Sky, and LokiSaurus.
I am writing to you from a pseudo-email account.
For our conversation, you can call me Traxler.
I'm a long-time listener.
Here is my plight.
I am a 34-year-old male gamer living in Northwest Florida.
I play everything from Batman Arkham City on Xbox to SWTOR and WoW on PC.
I make a decent income from working full-time technical job in a network operations center.
I am suffering probably from maybe a newer condition called gamer's loneliness or gamer's depression.
I am an okay looking guy, average weight and height, I have money and a car I'm having problems finding a companion, I like women so I'm not alone I've tried POF, OkCupid, Geek2Geek with no success I think it might be my age and the single gamer women are ultra rare Maybe the fact that I don't drink or go to clubs slash bars I do know my schedule is bad, I work Friday to Monday 12 hour shifts with a 2 hour commute to work each day But it's my job
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura is married, however.
I wanted to let you all know this information because there could be other gamers out there that could be feeling the way I feel.
I'm not sure if this is just how the world balances us gamers out of future equations.
Reduce population.
Your loyal listener, Traxler.
This message is brought to you by Shermie Skylander Emporium.
Wow!
DB Mail.
Okay.
That threw me for a little bit of a curveball.
I...
I think it's one of those things where when you kind of let it go that you kind of have all that hanging over your head like oh my god I need this perfect life and I need this companion and I need I need all this to happen ABC to happen so I can be happy no no no you have to learn to be happy with what you've got and you're kind of like your current situation and then once you kind of have that about you that that confidence the rest of it will come I think I think
I always say it happens when you stop trying to force it.
I mean, yeah, I also say things happen when you make them happen, but that's like stuff that you have tangible control over.
You know, like, I can't do this, well then go to school and learn how to do it.
You know, that type of thing.
In this case, you know...
Like with, and I know I've told this story a million times, but Dan and I hooked up, is that we had just been friends.
We weren't trying to do anything.
And he just called me to cheer me up and we kept talking because it worked.
And I moved out here and we worked.
You know, that's just, that's like a really rare success story on top of that.
You know, it was just sort of a faded thing, I guess.
I really think that a good relationship will find you when you're not looking for one.
If that makes sense.
Alan and I were friends online for probably four or five years via LiveJournal.
I'm sure he thought I was attractive.
I thought he was attractive.
It was kind of like, he lives in San Francisco.
It's like he lives in China, so far away.
And we never really gave it any thought until one day it just kind of, let's go out sometime.
And we did.
And then it was kind of like, well, we're going to make this work.
And we did.
So it just happened.
I never thought it would, and it did.
Yeah.
Although somewhere in the back of my imagination, I imagine Nelly going after Loki with a club.
Isn't that what happens actually?
Like a cave girl.
Eh, no.
But, you know, for real, like, I wouldn't, like, just don't stress about it.
Like, that's, you're only gonna cause yourself, like, hurt to do that.
and I don't think you need to go out to bars or clubs I think you're doing the right thing just kind of put yourself out there online I would say if you really feel like you need to go out and do something try maybe like I know this sounds really weird but try like joining a club or maybe there's a non-profit in your area a political cause you can get behind a volunteer you know something where you force yourself to get out of the house well when I lived in Alabama and keep in mind this is when I was effectively single you know I did a lot of stuff I LARPed
Yes, I played live-action vampires.
Shut up.
There's nothing else to do in Alabama.
I was in band.
I did jazz band.
I was in orchestra.
You know, because I was still a big band nerd.
I would do ensembles with other friends.
I played D&D.
Oh god, that was when I was in eight games a week for a while.
and I did... There was even... I gamed every night.
Every night.
I was in different gaming groups.
So, I mean... And I even dated a couple of people that I gamed with.
Like, there was one guy who I was really into for a while but we just kind of never... Sort of fun to make out with and, you know... Fun to make out with, good friend, you know, never... That's exactly the type of people I met doing Rocky Horror for so many years.
Yeah.
It's almost the same kind of thing.
But, I mean, you know, if...
if you're making yourself into some kind of hermit I mean you're not going to meet anybody unless you find ways to branch out you have to make it yourself and so okay so clubs aren't your deal you know what I hate clubs too I sometimes go just because I like booze and I like goth music so I'll go hang out but I don't you know go because I'm well then again I didn't really start clubbing until I moved out here at all
But if that's not your thing, then find, you know, I've made friends through my temple, for example, after I converted.
And I don't know if you're religious or anything, but, you know, there's always groups.
That is something you can do with like-minded people, you know.
Or, you know, if, check out, actually check out YMCA.
Okay.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
And coming back to this point, because I think this is very important, I think the first thing you have to do, and then we'll stop the advice show, I promise.
But I think the first thing you have to do is you have to really sit down and say, I have a good life.
I mean, you do have a job.
I don't.
Right, but you have a lot of stuff that's going for you right now.
you have the things that you're proud of and I don't know this person so it's hard for me to say whatever they are into but there's probably a lot and the person even says his email I consider myself good looking you have a lot going for you then so love yourself find the stuff that makes you happy and focus on that if the games aren't doing it for you anymore then there's another gap distract yourself
But I'm not saying distract yourself in a don't work on the problem kind of way.
What?
I'm sorry.
Reading chat.
But I was going to say, you know, find new things.
You know, if your current hobby is not doing it for you, find a new hobby.
But you have to be out there is the thing.
If you're going to try to meet somebody, you have to be out there and not be a hermit.
Loki, what would be your dating advice?
I don't have dating advice.
I'm not going to give you any of that.
My advice is, hey, you're going to have a lot of... Hookers.
Lots of hookers.
Sometimes it's actually nice to have a lot of free time to play the games you want to play because you're not going to have that much.
Because once you have a baby, that all goes away.
It's all gone.
That's good advice.
You know what?
And that's another way to look at it.
I'm not saying hate on kids or whatever.
But enjoy the life you have while you have it.
Right?
So, there you go.
Anyway.
I mean, sometimes, you know, yeah, it's just like, you know.
However, if you want to incorporate sex life and your video gaming, you could try J-List because they have lots of imports.
Honestly, it's just, go to cons.
It's like, seriously.
Actually, actually, actually.
That's not a bad idea.
Why not?
Chris and Megzy.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Hi, OLR.
This past week I've been on a nostalgia trip.
Did you come back?
I ended up digging up my Mega Drive and playing Castle of Illusion and Streets of Rage 2.
Now I'm getting all wistful.
It said sigh in there, so I actually sighed.
On a completely different subject, seeing as DarkSakura has been raving about the game, I just thought I'd point out that Fractal is now available in Indie Royale's New Year's Bundle.
That's at IndieRoyale.com.
I-N-D-I-E-R-O-Y-A-L-E.com
Also, Nintendo seems to be going out of their way to make getting the Circle Pad add-on as awkward as possible.
It's being released exclusively through Zavvi, an online-only retailer here in the UK.
And that looks like a very unhappy face.
Hear you later, Catastrophic Moggy.
You know, I love Castle of Illusion and I love Streets of Rage 2.
So, I would say, great gaming.
I've been actually talking about Fantasy Zone with people and I really need to sit down and hook up the Master System and play some Fantasy Zone.
Anyway.
Yeah, Fractal.
Awesome game.
Everyone needs to play it so go get that bundle.
Oh yeah, it's in that new bundle.
I was thinking about getting that actually.
Get it!
Alright, damn!
Okay, and then someone sent us a video, but I can't watch it on my computer.
Sorry, this is just a great comment.
Spazinator making a comment on the last email, the dating advice email.
He needs a Cupid arrow to the knee.
as much as I hate that was pretty good again congratulations to our winners for the three of you that emailed me email me your address and you will get a game in the next couple weeks Master System game at random however I will make every attempt to send you something you don't already have so
All right.
I texted Dan to remind him.
He's like, don't give away my games.
I was like, we already talked about this.
All right.
Stop being so stingy.
Is that it for emails?
That's it.
All right.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you have an email for us.
I mean, literally, we'll read anything.
I mean, that one email was about dating, not even totally about games, but whatever.
And guess what?
Duffy.
Duffy better not send emails to the show.
Hi, I'm Duffy.
All right.
It's time to get into the FUs of the week.
Every week we are angsty.
Why?
Because we can.
I'm not at all upset anymore because I have Duffy.
The end.
Loki!
Try Visual Basic.
Yeah, but see, I don't want to do Visual Basic, that's why I'm using Excel.
Alright, um... I don't know, I'm actually in a pretty good mood.
Like, I should be giving an FU to the fact that I have to go back to work tomorrow after being off for like two and a half weeks, but I'm... Like, seriously, this is the longest vacation I've had since I started working there, which was ten years ago, which didn't involve me being in the hospital or having surgery, or having the swine flu, which happened once.
And even when I had the swine flu... I'm still sorry about that, Rob.
I was only out for like two weeks, not two and a half, so...
But I actually, like, I'm so well rested and feel so good.
I'm like, I'm actually, this is weird, looking forward to going back to work.
And then reality will set in.
So F you to that all messing with my mind.
I do, you know what though?
I'm lucky.
I'm very fortunate.
I really do enjoy my job.
I teach people for a living.
It's a great thing.
I love my job.
I really do.
And they're not small children.
It's just sometimes some of the other stuff, everybody gets annoyed with their job at some point.
Because any time you put a bunch of personalities together and one's in charge or whatever, things might go, but I have a great boss.
I really do.
My boss is awesome.
We work so well together.
I can't really complain so F you to the fact that I don't take two and a half week vacations more often because I really should and F you to the fact that the only way I was able to do it before was getting the swine flu
I need to reward myself more often.
I'm sorry I gave you swine flu.
That's alright.
I didn't know I had it.
I rubbed AIDS all over the bear.
I'm just kidding.
Alright.
Let's move on.
Loki.
Alright, so Nintendo, being the forefront of digital and online, they apparently slapped the wrists of the owner-director of Icon Games Entertainment, Richard Hill Whithall.
He apparently has released several games in the last year on various platforms.
and he recently shared some sales numbers on the website Gamasutra.
But then was asked by Nintendo to take down the numbers for its platforms.
According to Richard, Nintendo doesn't allow developers to share digital sales numbers for self-published WiiWare and Downloadable DS titles.
That's kind of interesting.
Apparently, I guess it hurts smaller developers who need to make those sales numbers known in order to secure financing and plan out business models and stuff like that.
Apparently, though, you can still kind of figure out his numbers because he gives a total number and the other platforms do the math.
I have to do math?
And on top of that, the numbers weren't so good on the Nintendo platforms, unfortunately.
So maybe that's why they don't want numbers out there.
There's a lot of saturation on the Wii marketplace, too, and it's really hard for games to stand out because the Wii store isn't set up very well, you know?
Yeah, so... Yeah, apparently that sucks.
All right.
Well, we talked a little bit earlier in the show, and I know Bobby talked a lot on his show tonight.
Of course, Bobby Blackwolf was on before us at All Games Radio, talked a lot about SOPA.
And, you know, the Internet's been talking a lot about SOPA, and I'm sure most of you, you know, listening... They're going to scrub it clean of content.
Most of you guys who are tech-savvy enough to download this podcast and listen to it and understand it probably already have a general awareness about SOPA.
But this is how the message might be communicated to those that don't understand SOPA.
I find this very interesting.
Apparently, they're talking about a huge, what they call the nuclear option to protest SOPA.
And this is rumored to be happening on January 23rd because the Senate is going to debate this on the 24th.
AOL, eBay, Facebook, Etsy, Google, Twitter, Wikipedia, Yahoo, Zynga Game Network
And really, I mean, this is just anybody who cares about tech has a vested interest in SOPA.
And I think I've made this pretty clear, as has Loki, as has DarkSakura, but OLR is obviously against SOPA.
And based on the reason that it gives companies way too much power.
I understand that people want to do something about piracy, but there has to be, I think, more accountability in that regard.
And
Soap is not really going to do anything for some sites.
If you know the numbers, you're going to be able to get on the Pirate Bay.
I just don't understand.
So who does it hurt?
I don't understand.
It's almost like to me like a really terrible web filter that's at like someone's office or something like that where it's like, oh, I can't go to Facebook.
and DarkSakura.com.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura.com
Well, then again, we can also detain people for no good reason.
Well, you know, that's a whole nother Oprah, or so they say.
Yeah, but I think it's all related.
It's screwed up how much power companies have in this country.
It really is.
I don't get political on this show nearly as often as she does, but this is something that really irritates me.
And especially when you have all these video game companies where the ESA has stood against it, you know, because, you know, piracy bad.
So the ESA stands against it.
But most of the gaming companies are like...
A lot of the gaming companies were reached out to for comment and basically came back with, we don't really do politics.
We just make games so the ESA kind of speaks for us.
What?
What?
Educate yourself.
That's fine.
If you're going to let someone else speak for you.
It's going to be those morons, the people that don't understand why this is very bad, that are going to ruin it.
It doesn't really affect
I mean, as far as their product goes, it doesn't affect them.
The fact that they are these big companies that are going to be able to pull Justin TV feeds and things that might be critical about their game that ought to be legal under fair use when these little reviewers aren't going to be able to fight them, that is, when they don't even fucking understand the law, they just know they can do it.
Exactly.
That bothers me.
Exactly.
Why do they care then?
That's the point.
It's all, well, you're going to give us a bunch of power to take down all these people that we don't like?
Sweet.
Yeah.
Why would I oppose that?
But of course they're not going to say, oh, we're strongly for that, because then people backlash against them.
So they've got to take the on-the-fence approach, or, oh, we're just hands-off, we'll let them do whatever.
That way they can't let...
Maintain web silence
Can you imagine if you can't use Google for a day?
I mean, that's going to piss some people off.
But I think some people need to be pissed.
I think that's necessary.
I think it's necessary.
They should all go down.
Now, let's see.
What did I want to say here?
Oh, Frisbee in our chat says, May I suggest these companies use ocean marketing to speak for them?
I realize you're making a joke there, but think about it.
How did that whole thing really happen?
Yeah.
The guy represented himself as something he kind of wasn't, right?
Anyway.
TigerClaw says, I recall years ago, Take-Two sent DMCA notices to several Justin TV channels that were showing GTA 4 when it first came out.
I believe this is because they didn't want spoilers being leaked.
Too fucking bad.
Spoilers are going to get out there.
If not in text form, it's silly.
Anyway, if you want to do something about it... No, that's my problem right there, though.
That's not because your copyrights were violated or because someone's posting it as their own thing.
It's because, oh, we don't want spoilers coming out.
That's not a reason to go and say, hey, I need these videos taken down.
I'm sorry, but that's like, you know, a review spoiling the end of a book or something like that.
You can't force them to take it down because you don't like the fact that someone spoiled the book.
Alright, so anyhow, if you want to do something about SOPA, I gotta give props to Destructoid.
They compiled this pretty good article that they have on their website.
It was posted January 7th, talking about SOPA.
And they even have kind of some form letters that you can copy-paste, although I would kind of encourage you to put your own thing on it.
I mean, a lot of them probably aren't even going to get read, let's be real.
We should send this to put on our Tumblr, too.
um okay I'll do that uh send that over to um you know I'll get props to Destructoid they did and one other thing I like they compiled a list this is very useful a list of all these game companies where you can contact directly emails and websites and I thought that was pretty cool so you know you can take your case to the companies themselves that are supporting this I am do I need to even say like look at what happened to GoDaddy and that was whoo
That was a bit of a mess.
And talk about a backpedal there.
I mean, seriously.
Oh, actually, no, we're against SOPA now.
Yeah, right.
So let me send that over to Ranma, and he can put that on the Tumblr if you want to read more about that.
OrangeLaunchRadio.tumblr.com.
Alrighty.
Let's move on with some more news.
Getting into some phone calls very soon at 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype, Orange Launch Radio.
But not just yet, a few more emails.
DarkSakura.
Yu Suzuki, who my husband has met.
I have a photo of Dan with Yu Suzuki.
It's very faded now.
But he said something in an interview with the Toulouse Game Show.
So this is in French.
And I'm going to read it in French, if I can remember my pronunciation right.
Nous pouvons obtenir la licence à partir de Sega.
Which means, we can obtain the license from Sega.
Do you know what they're talking about?
Shenmue.
So, he's not saying that they are actively going to do it, but I think it means that there might be an interest in them trying to obtain it for YSNet, which is his company.
Okay.
So, maybe it'll happen.
That would be kind of cool if it did, don't you think?
Very cool.
I think he should play a game of Lucky Hit.
You know all I ever did with that game was play Space Harrier.
Anyway, so you can, the interview is actually up on YouTube if you want to find it.
It's the Yu Suzuki interview on Shenmue.
Okay.
Alright, I would be great.
I'd love to see that series come back.
I think a lot of people would.
I think he wants to finish it.
True.
You know?
It's like he's got a story that's like mostly told.
It's got like one chapter left, really?
And he wants it out.
Alright, Loki.
I'm actually surprised that this took this long to settle, but you remember way back when, back before you could use USB drives on your Xbox 360, you were limited to their overpriced hard drives and their memory units, which really didn't have a lot of space on them and they were really expensive.
and a company, Datel, came out and had this wonderful max memory device that you could plop a micro SD card into and be able to save your games to that and everything was peachy keen until Microsoft patched the Xbox 360 to block these from being used on the device and of course then there was lawsuits filed and all that fun stuff.
Well, they've settled out of court.
Probably because at this point, even if that were to be allowed to be used on their system, no one's using the memory cards anymore because it doesn't work.
But the consumers who bought these didn't get anything.
No, they got nothing.
Well, hooray to these companies for settling, but the consumers got screwed, didn't they?
Yep.
What do they get out of it for buying these products that don't work?
The satisfaction knowing that the U.S.
justice system has triumphed.
Well, golly gee willikers, Loki.
Now I can sleep at night.
I'm glad you can.
All right.
Somebody's celebrating a birthday this week.
In fact, they're turning 30 years old, if you can believe it.
It's the Commodore 64.
That's right, the Commodore 64 celebrated its 30th birthday this week.
And all I have to say is, man, I feel old.
Because I grew up on the Commodore 64.
I remember having one of these.
I think we got it Christmas, like, 83.
But the Commodore 64 actually came out in 1982.
I love this.
The whole machine would hold the equivalent of 1 100th of an MP3 file.
Ha ha ha ha!
$595 is how much these systems cost back in 1982 they say that is now with inflation $1,400 today is how much these things cost it was first introduced at the 1982 Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas and yeah boy Commodore 64 now 30 years old and
Man, I love my Commodore 64.
So many good games.
And those SID chips, man.
So much chiptune stuff that you hear today is just directly influenced by the Commodore 64.
I wish I still had a working one of these.
I had a Commodore 64C.
We actually broke our original Commodore 64 and we got a 64C, the white one.
And that was a pretty awesome machine.
I was five.
Did you have one of these?
When it came out.
No, I told you I didn't have a Commodore 64.
I had a Clico Atom.
With a cassette deck.
By the way, on a related note, would you like to feel old for a minute?
Here are some other games that are turning, not systems, but games that are turning 30 years old this year in 2012.
You ready?
These games came out in 1982, making them 30 years old.
Bagman, Bump and Jump, Burger Time, one of my favorites, Dig Dug, Donkey Kong Jr.,
Gravatar, Joust by the way this list is from ArcadeHeroes.com I am upset with you Joust for influencing that horrible part of WoW Jungle Hunt or Jungle King depending on where you live Kangaroo I freaking love Kangaroo I played the crap out of that at Godfather's Pizza when I was little
Liberator, that's the first one I don't really recognize.
That was an Atari game.
Millipede, Moon Patrol.
Oh, God.
I used to love Moon Patrol.
We had this at Local Arcade.
Mr. Do.
I love Mr. Do.
Pango.
You love Pango.
Fucking love Pango.
That's a great game.
That's the little penguins.
You know, they had one at Pasquale's, and it finally broke.
Aw.
Pole Position.
Love Pole Position.
Popeye.
Remember that?
They did a Nintendo game out of it because Nintendo made it.
Reactor, Robotron 2084.
They had a version of that on Xbox Live.
That was one of the first arcade games that came out on Xbox Live.
Qbert.
That's another game I played the crap out of on my Kiko.
The swearing guy with a long nose.
Everybody thought this had an awesome name.
Satan's Hollow.
It's actually kind of a derpy game, but it was the midway game.
It's on the arcade treasures for Midway and all that, and you kind of see it in collections, but it runs on that same hardware as like Journey and Timber and some of those old classic Midway games.
Sinistar, beware, I live.
Space Duel, Star Trek, the Sega One, Time Pilot, Tootin' Com, Tron,
is 30 years old, and Zaxxon by Sagan.
30 years old.
That's what I need to do for Classic Game.
So there you go.
Now we can all feel old together.
Just think in 30 years when we're sitting here on our show celebrating the 40th anniversary going, hey, remember the Xbox 360?
Fucking bastard stole all my money.
Fuckin' thing broke!
After only having it a week, I had to send it in.
But damn, there were some good games.
Alright.
Hopefully by then we're all playing the holodeck, though.
Because remember, gaming is just inching forward slowly to the holodeck.
Alright, 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio if you want to give us a call right now and talk to us.
Meanwhile, let's do some tweets!
We will start with a tweet from Ramaditya Knight.
It says, Sonic and Knuckles, I remember back in the day I used the cheat that allowed me to change Sonic to whatever item I want and cross the wall.
I found a lot of bugs like a place you were not supposed to be able to go there.
Spikes all around.
I wonder if that was something, is that like a code in the game or is that something like a game genie?
Remember the game genie where you could like hacksaw the game?
I'm sure, that is something that Loki had to own.
The game genie.
Oh yeah.
Of course I own the game genie.
He was talking about Sonic and Knuckles and some of the things you could do with that.
Yeah.
I used to actually sit down all night with my Game Genie and my SNES and just try to figure out different codes by altering other codes.
And I found a few ones, like ones that turned Mario green.
That was it.
All it did was turn Mario green.
That's all it does.
Yeah.
Makes Mario Luigi, but not really.
No, it turned his skin green.
All right, let's go to the phones because we're getting some calls.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, what's up, guys?
This is Kaijudo.
Hey, Kaijudo.
What's on your mind, buddy?
I just want to talk about the silver thing.
I think a lot of us are overreacting.
First off, I don't think it's going to go through.
And if it did go through, I don't think it's going to be that big of a deal.
I think that a lot of people are getting worked up and they're freaking out all over nothing.
I think pretty much what these companies want to do, you know, the game companies, movies, music, whatever, they just want to make money.
So pretty much this law going out is just going to be a way for them to protect their content.
and be able to put it on their sites and make the type of money that they want to make.
I don't think they're necessarily trying to shut down the internet or stop us from talking on Facebook or any of that kind of stuff.
Well, it's a fair viewpoint and I understand that, but could it happen to one person?
I mean, like again, I have to refer to the Atari thing at the beginning of the show that they're pulling down all these games that they may or may not have the ability to do.
and I worry that legal departments of companies who don't really understand things might go a little batshit crazy and the problem is if you leave the door or what's the expression you give them an inch and they take a yard I worry about putting that much power into a corporation's hand because you and me can't fight it
True.
I can see your point there.
Clearly, I understand why they want to do something about piracy.
I get it.
But can you ever really stop piracy?
I'm not so sure.
There's no way they can stop it.
This isn't going to do it.
I don't mean to cut you off, but if you look at the record, as far as piracy goes, when it comes to movies and video games, a lot of the stuff that's highly pirated are also the stuff that sells the most.
I think music is the only place where they should really do something about piracy because you don't have to mod anything on your system to be able to play the illegal downloaded music that you download.
So I think the music industry is the one that's taking the real heat from it, but not necessarily the games and the movie industry.
You know, and again, I understand they want to do something, but I just think this is going to do more harm than good because what's it really going to fix?
The IP for the Pirate Bay will be out there within minutes of this thing passing, and everybody will have it.
And there will be add-ons for Google Chrome and Firefox.
There already are.
There already are.
So, I mean, it's not going to do any good.
but I understand why they want to do something but I think at the end of the day it's going to be accountability you want to prove that someone stole money from a bank they got to go to court, have a trial that's kind of what's got to happen in this case they just need to understand the internet more they're still trying to treat the internet like if it's the real world where it doesn't necessarily work like that so I think that they need to seriously look this over
and come up with the better law, the better soap or whatever the hell you want to call it.
But I'm not really that worried about it.
I don't know.
I hope you're right.
But I do worry about leaving that opportunity there.
But you're a little more optimistic than I. So I applaud you for that.
So I hope you're right.
Optimistic to a fault.
All right.
Anything else you want to share with our listeners tonight?
You guys have a good night.
All right.
You too, buddy.
Take care.
Good night.
Bye.
You know what?
It's cool that he has a differing opinion.
Again, I hope...
And I think he said it best at the end there.
Maybe he's optimistic to a fault.
But, you know, we'll see.
We'll see.
Actions speak louder than words.
So we'll see.
But I just have a feeling the first time a website gets shut down incorrectly, it's going to just, all hell's going to break loose.
All right.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
Meanwhile, we have some more tweets.
Hey guys, it's DDR Dollar Bill DDR Dollar Bill, what's on your mind buddy?
Not much.
First off, I want to wish you guys a happy new year.
We're getting some feedback.
Back away from your speakers, buddy.
Back away from your speakers if you can.
We're getting bad feedback.
Happy new year to you.
How's this now?
I'm still hearing it, but it's not killing me.
It's not horrible.
Get out your question or comment fast.
We'll try to make this a quick call.
Oh, okay.
Which is a quick story.
A while back, I don't know if I posted it, but I said that I stopped playing WoW because I got sick of all the jackasses kept bitching about everything I kept doing in the game.
Can you hear me?
Yeah, we can hear you.
Yeah, people are assholes on the internet, unfortunately.
Yeah, so for a long time I pretty much just quit whole MMORPGs.
Then I tried a couple other free ones out there.
And then I tried out DC Universe when it came out for free.
To the point I loved it so much I actually bought the DLCs for it.
So you're saying the community in DC Universe Online maybe not so bad?
Um, considering that one time I played 1.30 in the morning and we were making jokes about, um, let's see, 16 year olds and an all women's squad and everybody was dueling in the middle of nowhere, it was a lot more fun.
Yeah, but it goes back to WoW for one last thing, because I'll keep it short.
Okay.
When I finally hit level 30 in EC Universe, the final level, I found out that I actually have to group.
And it made me realize that maybe it's okay to group with people once in a while.
Just gotta find the right group.
So I went back on WoW, I quit this one guild I was with, and I joined up with another guild, and it was a whole different experience.
Well, I have to tell you something.
Perfect story.
I've got to hang up on you, DDR Darla Bill, though, because the chat room is saying it sounds like you're living in a bee's nest.
But thank you so much, buddy.
Have a good one.
Let me say something to him.
He'll hear it.
Well, here's what I was going to tell you, and just message me in the chat room.
When I started playing WoW, when I finally liked it again, I did not play with other people at all.
All I did was chat with the guild and quest by myself.
and yeah, and I've done two characters that way.
I did Rebecca Black and Arisa both that way.
But now I've actually got a character that I'm doing nothing but instances with.
And maybe seasonal quests and little things.
But the point is that I'm actually trying to group with other people and I've found that actually not every group is full of idiots.
A lot of them are.
Many of them don't have proper grammar and they're very hard to understand.
But for the most part, it's partly your support group outside of your pugs.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
You gotta understand, a lot of these people are just doing it to get their rocks off, you know what I mean?
Oh yeah, you know, Frat Matt, yeah, you know him.
He's been on this show too.
He and me and John were running an instance and decided to completely troll the people that we were with, and Mary.
Uh-huh.
decided to completely troll our fifth person.
Yeah.
That poor person doesn't know that you're just fucking with them.
We finally had one person hang out with us.
Now keep in mind, and people who play WoW will know what it is, it was in Halls of Origination.
We got to the last, we did all of the bosses, all of them.
All of them?
In Halls of Origination.
We finally get to the last guy and we get a person who's just really cool and playing along with us.
We're like, that's what we wanted.
We wanted the person who would play with us.
I'm calling in to do a con report Con report?
Who had a con at New Year's?
Actually, it was MagFest this weekend Oh, this weekend, okay, I guess this weekend's not so bad Alright, MagFest, how was it?
It was pretty good.
It was down in D.C., and basically it's just a big arcade festival.
Okay, I was going to say, is this the Sony game mag, or is this like a... Okay, so it's an arcade game, okay.
It's arcade games.
A lot of people bring arcade machines, and it's also a big show for video game music.
Oh, cool.
This year, their guest of honor was Nobuo Matsu and his band.
Oh, the Black Mages?
No, Earthbound Papas.
Oh, I didn't know he had another one.
Okay, very cool.
and but yeah you know they had it was uh the thing is it's a 24-hour convention so at any so at any point you know if you have a if you feel like you know you want to play DDR or Pong or Killer Instincts 2 Arcade Machine you can go down three o'clock in the morning you could play
Wait, so you're saying like it's a 24-7, like for the weekend, or it literally is 24 hours?
It's literally like 24-7 from Thursday to Sunday.
Oh, okay.
Okay, well, that's still really cool.
That's got to be a bitch to staff, but that's awesome.
I kind of wish California Extreme would do that.
Yeah, but... No, you know what?
It actually is kind of like California Extreme, where, you know, there's about like 150 arcade machines.
I mean, I got to... I mean, my whole goal...
was to try to get a high score on one classic arcade game.
And I managed to get the high score on Road Blasters.
Road Blasters!
Oh my god, I remember that one.
Road Blasters is awesome.
Yeah, good times.
It's also hell's hard.
Amen to that.
Did you get to play anything new that you'd never really played before that you were like, wow, how did I miss this growing up?
You know what?
I was, you know, a lot of old games like NARC and Bad Dudes that really took me back because I haven't seen those things since the early 80s.
But, you know, also I was introduced to a lot of old games that, you know, I've never seen or heard of.
This crazy game Ice Cold Beer.
Sounds like Tapper.
No, it's not really like that.
It's like you...
You're playing with two levers and you're trying to put a ball into a hole.
That sounds kind of dirty.
Yeah, it sounds kind of sexual.
I've been to that party.
The internet's seen that party, Rob.
Alright, but no, I get what you're saying.
Very cool.
No, it's definitely cool.
Did they have speakers or anything?
Oh, I guess just the musicians.
Well, no, they had a lot of speakers.
They had, you know, the Angry Video Game Nerd, Brennel Floss, you know, a lot of people.
I love the Angry Video Game Nerd.
That's awesome.
It's a very, you know, very small convention.
But, you know, it's big.
So, you know, not only were you able to play classic arcade games, you were also able to check out
console games and play stuff on a TV.
Well, damn, if I'm able to get another two and a half weeks off work next holiday, I might have to come out there.
That sounds like an awesome con.
I love DC.
I'd love an excuse to go back.
But I guess I need to get to New York City first, huh?
Gotta stop going to Disneyland.
You guys are going to have to confiscate my annual pass for that to happen.
They moved Disneyland.
Disneyland burned down, sorry to say.
Alright, SSJ100 Matt, thanks so much for telling us about the con.
I had no idea.
I'm on the wrong coast, so I had no idea this was happening, but I'm definitely going to check it out for next year.
Definitely.
Alright, take care, buddy.
Thank you guys so much for the phone calls.
We're going to go ahead and shut down the Skype line for now so we can wrap up the last few topics here and close up shop for the night.
But if you didn't get through tonight and you have something you really want to say, be sure to send us a tweet at twitter.com slash OLR or you can email us, mailbag at orangelaundry.com.
Speaking of tweets, I wanted to finish Tiger Claw's thought here.
Apparently, this is coming from a leak at the Sony booth at CES.
It's showing on the PlayStation 3 something called Play Memory Studio which will be... Excuse me.
Oh, worst thing to happen on radio.
A video editing suite for the PlayStation 3.
Apparently you can put effects in video and kind of do some editing live on the PlayStation 3.
That's kind of cool, I guess.
I already thought the PlayStation did kind of allow some limited video stuff, but that's cool if they're enhancing it, especially if it's free.
I wonder if it'll be free.
I somehow doubt it.
TomN1 on Twitter sent us this and I saw this earlier this week because somebody posted this on Facebook.
It's fucking hilarious.
It's a Macho Man dragon mod in Skyrim.
Loki, have you seen this?
It's great.
This is the beginning of the game.
Here it is again.
Did you hear that?
I said, next prisoner.
To the block, prisoner.
Nice and easy.
This is actually being rendered from the game.
It's not like a fan-edited thing.
With the mod, of course.
Macho madness, sky's the limit!
It is a thing of pure terror.
Oh my god, it's a giant Macho Man!
Yeah, the dragon's wearing a Macho Man hat.
That's great!
With the beard and everything.
I'm making Alan install this mod.
It's really creepy.
I fucking love that.
That's amazing.
You want to know something, Rob?
I need that on the Tumblr.
That song.
Here's stories from Jamie's childhood.
Disco Inferno, which keep in mind, I had two copies of the Saturday Night Fever soundtrack on vinyl.
I used to stand on my bed dancing in my pajamas to Disco Inferno.
I gave that to Ranma for the Twitter because that video is just too damn good if you haven't seen it yet.
I also posted the link in chat.
So there you go.
Enjoy, guys.
It's the one that says TeeCo because I got it from Twitter because TomN linked that.
So there you go.
All right.
And lastly, a couple tweets here from ZenMonkey69 tweets us.
HeHe69 tweets us saying, It's 2012 and we have a shitload of video game sequels coming.
What games do you think don't deserve a sequel and should just die?
What games don't deserve a sequel and should just die?
Imagine Babies
Taiki, I hope I'm saying that right, in chat says Elder Scrolls, just throwing it down, saying there's too damn many Elder Scrolls games.
I don't know about that.
Skyrim's pretty fun.
Yeah, you won't have another Elder Scrolls game in 2012.
You'll have expansions for Skyrim, that's for sure.
Yeah, for sure.
Franchises that need to die.
Oh, God.
Part of me wants to be cynical and say the Just Dance series, but at parties they can be kind of fun.
I can't really think of anything, because honestly, if I don't want to play them, I just ignore that they exist.
That's kind of where I'm at.
I don't think a lot about the games that I don't want to play.
I can be super cynical and go, oh, Call of Duty, because I don't play those games.
But I realize other people do play those games.
Yeah.
I'm kind of looking over at my own collection.
How about Tetris Remakes?
Yeah.
That's another one I'm getting sick of.
Blastris was kind of fun, but that was back in the Super Scope days.
Apparently that 3DS one's pretty good, but it's still the same fucking game we've been playing forever.
It might be time for the Need for Speed series to die.
Maybe.
That would be another answer I would have.
Well, or at least evolve it or something.
I don't know.
Sonic Games
SILENT HILL
I kind of agree.
Non-Kanami Japan produced Silent Hill games specifically Need to Die.
It needs to go back in-house to Kanami Japan.
I agree.
Silent Hill's kind of done.
And Carriker Revolution Glee needs to die.
Oh, there you go.
Winner.
How about everything Glee needs to die?
How about Glee needs to get cancelled?
Alright.
Last, another tweet from Zen, since I haven't read tweets from Zen before, I will read two tweets tonight.
Zen says, if PlayStation 4, Xbox Lube, and the Nintendo Wii U were all coming out on the same day, and you could only get one, which system would you get?
Too early!
How can he answer that?
Because we don't know what the Xbox Lube and the PlayStation 4 have to offer, and we only know about half of what the Wii U's really bring into the table.
So you'd be asking me to base that decision based off of the current consoles.
And the problem with that is the jump we made from the last...
and DarkSakura.
You know, so it's just, it's way too early to call.
Here's also the realistic in me is like, well, I'm going to end up with them all anyway because I have this sick addiction to video games and do this show and everything.
So it's kind of like... I'm going to try to show some restraint, at least maybe not buying one of the consoles, if not two of the consoles.
Good luck.
you know what though honestly with you would have played on the Wii and stuff I think it's gonna be pretty easy for the Wii U I think I say that now I will humor the question and I'm gonna say PlayStation 4 and the reason why is because I just have the feeling out of the three systems it's going to be the most advanced because I think it's gonna be the one that's in the incubator the longest meaning I think it'll be the last of the three to come out so I think it's gonna have the best processor in it and all that I
but again, that doesn't necessarily make it the best, but I literally have nothing else to go off of right now, you know so, I'm gonna say PlayStation 4 just to humor the question, but that could change, absolutely so
All right, that's it for the Twitters tonight at twitter.com slash OLR.
Oh, actually, I see one.
Oh, never mind.
That's somebody new following us.
Thank you on Twitter.
Twitter combines the followers and the app messages now.
It's really weird.
All right, anyway, last-minute stories, Loki, DarkSakura, anything for last-minute stories?
No.
Loki?
My story is that I had trouble finding a Cage Mad song.
Thankfully, I downloaded one a while ago, so then I'll be fine.
It's not my preference.
They've had some better songs, but I'm going to put it in anyways.
Alright, that's going to do it then for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey, thank you guys so much for downloading our show and checking us out.
Sorry.
How rude.
It's a step way, way, way back to the beginning of the show here and we're talking about best games of 2011.
It's not really a game, but I have to recommend Ready Player One.
Seriously, if you haven't read it yet, you need to read it because it's awesome.
If you're a fan of games, especially a fan of classic games, you're going to love this.
Excuse me.
and any of them to actually sign my book.
That'd be pretty awesome if he's going to hit a con or something.
I'm getting coffin fit again.
I got to say this.
I think I'm allowed to say this because it's out there posted on the internet but apparently in Sacramento there's going to be a group that is going to do a live shadow casting a la Rocky Horror of Scott Pilgrim vs. The World.
I want to see this.
And I can't wait.
As much as I have kind of a love-hate with that movie and there are things I loved about it and things I didn't like about it I think that's going to be awesome because you know that theater is going to be full of nerds
that are into it, you know, and I think it's going to be a great showing.
I definitely am going to see, because I know the guys that are behind it through some of the stuff I did last year, so I'm going to see if we can get OLR sponsored or something.
Coins?
Oh, oh.
From the movie, I get it.
Alright, anyhow.
You were talking about Ready Player One.
People are going to throw quarters.
Ready Player One has been an option for a movie, but I don't see how the fuck they're going to be able to do that.
Seriously, though.
I'll get you Ready Player One.
Legend of Zaku in chat says oh wow Rocky Horror Picture Show finally has competition now hold on Becky wants to go too there's there Rocky's kind of like it's just there can be more than one movie in the theater at a time and Rocky's just always there's always more than one cult movie Repo the Genetic Opera for example is really big on the midnight circuit right now
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Anyhow, off subject, we're trying to wrap up the show.
I was going to say thank you very much for downloading the show and tuning in to us.
Hey, if you like what you hear, all we ask, we don't put commercials in the show, we don't make you buy things or whatever.
All we ask, tell people about the show.
Spread the word because we're not a multi-million dollar website.
We rely on you guys to help spread the word of Orange Lounge Radio and we really, really appreciate it.
OrangeLaunchRadio.com is the website the forums are there if you want to post on the forums I have to say though right now it's locked down to new accounts because yeah we were really getting killed with spammers there so I just shut off accounts all together so hopefully within the next month or two we're going to just totally revamp the forums and hopefully be able to avoid the spam bots if you really want an account on the forums in the meantime email the show directly and we'll set one up for you Mailbag at OrangeLaunchRadio.com if you don't already have one
and Legend of Zaku I totally agree Priscilla Queen of the Desert is the closest thing they can take on Rocky Horror Picture Show that's a Broadway thing now so yeah it was supposed to come out on Broadway I'm pretty sure it did so alright anyhow that's it now we're talking Broadway we're way off the subject of video games
We'll be back next week to talk more games and gaming news with you guys.
So have a wonderful week everybody.
We'll see you next time here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Good night.
or allgames.com.
But we're probably right anyway.
See you next week!
