Tonight, January 29, 2012, a network makeover is rumored for Nintendo consoles, a new handheld
may bring back a classic gaming system, and Steam goes mobile with a new iOS app.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live on this January the 29th of 2012 with the 443rd episode of our show.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my co-host.
First off, say hello to the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you, Miss Summers?
Been better.
Been better?
It's kind of a gloomy Sunday, Sunday Bloody Sunday, like the U2 song.
No, there's no big massacres and wars going on in my house and I don't live in Ireland
as people I'm sure would know that's what the song was about.
That was not a PMS joke because that would be gross.
I could say it's Shark Week.
Are the communists invading?
That's none of anyone's business.
However, I am very pissy.
I'm sorry.
Well, so this week everybody better be extra careful on their spelling and grammar because
remember it's those little things that'll tick her off unless she gets chocolate.
Everything has been pissing me off today, so it's going to be a great show.
I'm sorry.
I didn't help because we were supposed to have a Pinkberry date today and I had to cancel
because my mommy just had surgery and I know she doesn't listen to the show, but I'm thinking
about my mother.
She had surgery on Friday, but she's doing a lot better, so I had to go visit her today
because she's out of the hospital.
Anyhow, let's talk about who else is here with us here in studio.
Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hi.
How are you, Techmaster Loki?
I'm fine.
Are you on your period or are we good?
I'm fine, I guess.
You're always angry on this show no matter what it is.
I was like, I don't know how to answer that.
Yes.
What's new with Loki?
Um, not much.
Just playing Skyrim.
All right.
Well, we'll get into our gaming weeks here in a little bit, but first I have to plug
of course the lovely All Games Radio where we do our show every week, www.allgames.com
at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
It is where we tape live.
If you are listening live, and we hope you do sometime if you are been listening on the
podcast all these years, if you are listening live, join us in our chat room.
Just point your browsers over to chat dot orange lounge radio.com and there's a fine
little Java chat room that will open right up and you can join our chat room.
If you prefer to do it the old school way, you can do it with an IRC client still because
our chat rooms IRC based and you just want to connect to the game surge network at IRC
dot game surge.net and we are in channel with the channel sign or the pound orange lounge
is where you can find us on IRC.
Hey Rob.
Hey Rob.
Yes ma'am.
I have to share the neat thing that I just posted in the chat room.
Okay.
Apparently some nerd has narrowed down when Ice Cube's good day was.
Like today was a good day?
What day was it?
Well, I'll just.
Wasn't today right?
I'll go through just a quickie on this one.
The clues were what they were watching UMTV wraps, which started on August 6th, 1988.
The single was released on February 23rd, 93 and the Lakers beat the Supersonics.
So they narrowed down all of those dates and then went to clue for the dates.
The Laker wins over the Supersonics was a clear day with no smog.
So they narrowed it down to November 30th, 88 and at the date in 89, 91 and 92 good Lord.
Some people have too much free time.
Clue five got a beep from Kim.
So it was when beepers were available.
So that led it to two dates, uh, January 18th, 91, January 20th, 92 clue six Ice Cube started
filming boys in the hood in 1991 there was only one day I'm going to quote this only
one day where UMTV wraps was on air.
It was a clear and smog less day.
Beepers were commercially sold Lakers beat the Supersonics and Ice Cube had no events
to attend January 20th, 1992 national good day day.
So we just celebrated 20 years of today was a good day 20 years ago.
Yeah.
What an incredibly useless piece of information, but I thought it was cool that someone went
to the trouble and I wanted to share it.
That's when the good day was.
And those, and for those listening to orange on radio for the first time, those are the
lovely types of tidbits you can expect, but we will get into video games here in a minute.
First I have to apologize to livelicious and the podcasters.
There was no live show last week and it was a little bit last minute.
We had to cancel the show due to illness and I was a little bit self-conscious about it
last week.
I didn't want to talk about a whole lot, but I'll talk about it now.
I had pink eye, which is why we didn't have the show last week or is what, what did Victoria
call it I herps or something like that.
Look dark soccer just choked on her soda when I said that.
It's like, what am I seven and going to a preschool where kids are putting fingers in
their butt and their eye or something.
No, I work in a place with adults and stuff.
I don't know.
We had a pink eye outbreak at work.
It just ended plague.
I don't know what happened.
Someone got careless with the mascara.
I got pink because I w I do work with primarily women and I got pink guy just cause everybody
else in the office had it.
So unfortunately what that means is that nobody wants to come over to Rob's house where the
studio is or touch the equipment and everything like that because he has pink eye and when
one co-host has a kid at home and you know, the other just doesn't want pink eye, it kind
of fucks up the show for the night.
Oh no, you are, you, I was eating cheesecake.
Fuck your pink eye.
You had something else going on anyway.
You were going to miss two weeks in a row anyway because there was a, a family deal.
Yeah.
And um, I, uh, it was a cousin's birthday at the cheesecake factory and I had fantastic
carrot cake cheesecake and Dan had food poisoning.
So um, and of course our chat room is lighting up pink guy, what the hell?
And uh, Kai's Judo's like, all it was, was pink eye WTF.
Yes.
But you have to remember pink eye is super duper contagious.
Like it's not like I lick the eyes of these women I work with.
Like if you touch something they've touched, you can get it like break room stuff, you
know?
So, so yeah, yeah, yet Alan who lives here with me never got it.
So I don't know what that's about.
Maybe you have natural immunity to the undead plague.
You will be the salvation of us all.
And I actually wiped down all of the mics and the studio area with Clark's wipes to
make sure.
You're so considerate.
Yeah.
I never got pink eye.
So Rob's lying.
This whole story is a lie.
I had a very, very minor case of pink eye and yet it was like Alan went through here
in a hazmat suit making sure he would not get it no matter what happened.
So um, uh, Hamakara in our chat room at chat.orange.com says someone wasn't washing their hands after
using the potty.
Okay.
First off, I find that to be one of the most disgusting habits of men that I see in the
potty is that I see guys who just walk in the restroom, do their thing, walk right out.
They don't even flush.
They don't even stop to walk, wash their hands.
And if that's you, especially if they're handling their junk or something, you know, and you
know who you are.
That's gross.
A flush B wash.
It's not that hard.
Although I will say it has been proven that the place with the most germs on the body
is actually the mouth and the hands.
So you were right about not washing the hands regularly.
However the butt is one of the cleanest places.
Thank you for that piece of information.
So what have I learned today?
January 20th was a good day and my ass is kind of clean after all.
Thank you.
And urine is sterile.
All right.
Anyhow, I don't want to talk about my goddamn pink eye anymore.
Let's talk about, uh, let's talk about gaming.
I don't want to get into our gaming weeks.
I want to get right into the gaming news tonight or actually we can talk about one of two things
because we could talk about what's going on with Xbox and all these rumors about the new
Xbox and, and the, the used games and all that.
Or we could talk about RuPaul's drag race season four premiers tomorrow, which is the
best show on television.
Am I right?
Dark soccer.
Yeah, but there's really nothing.
I interviewed Tatiana once.
There's really nothing to talk about until it airs though.
That's true, but we can, so I guess, I guess we'll, we'll just combine the two worlds a
little bit.
I tried, all right, so going around an Xbox bullshit this week, I don't know.
It might be true, but look, I, it's the pink elephant in the room.
Everybody's talking about it.
It's the whole, the new Xbox, which we're called, we will not call it the Xbox 720 here
on orange on radio.
I'm sorry.
That's not what it's going to be called.
We already decided weeks ago amongst a highly scientific process, we will refer to the system
as the Xbox lube until Microsoft gives us something better.
So the Xbox lube supposedly is not going to play, use games whatsoever that I guess there's
this amazing technology that will just fuck your disc up once you install a game or something
like Loki clue us all in, how is this technology supposed to work from what I don't fucking
know.
It doesn't exist.
So how am I, it's going to use these cardboard rings.
Basically what happens is they'll prompt you to enter in, um, a special code that's generated
by turning these rings so that, you know, you can create a certain phrase like for example,
you know, banana monkey pirate, or you'll have to get out the instruction manual and
look up the keyword on page 24, some of which may actually require the use of a decoder
device that will be a red plastic, a transparent piece of, um, of, uh, yeah, it's, it's, I
don't know codes.
I okay.
No.
What I think I was reading about what's supposed to happen is it's supposed to be that the
X box would have a burner in it, that the drive functions is both a burner and a reader.
And once you play the game for the first time, it would basically burn your console cereal
into the disc.
And at that point it would only work on that console.
And I'm like, that has got to be the most hideous idea I've ever heard.
Like really like, so I can't take a disc over to a friend's house anymore and play the game.
I mean, that's how crazy we're getting.
It's not going to happen.
I just, just even the way that they say that that's how that's going to work is retarded.
I mean, it's just, it's no, not even close to how it's going to work or they're not going
to do that.
Okay.
First off, you know, you have companies like GameStop, basically if Microsoft were to do
that on system, that would cut out the whole used business altogether, which is a good
portion of where the revenue is for GameStop.
I mean, who is by far the biggest company out there selling games to consumers.
And it'd be also the same way if they decided, Hey, we're going to go digital only.
Now granted with that, they could, you know, sell the little cards that they're doing now
and that's fine.
But I mean, there's no, there's not a lot of money to be made in new games.
It's all used sales is where they're making their money and yeah, they could probably,
you know, for some sort of kickbacks from, you know, these, um, hardware manufacturers,
but it's not going to happen.
It's just not, no one's going to buy into that.
They're going to be like, fuck that bullshit.
I'm going to buy a PlayStation or a Wii U.
We definitely see game companies are already trying to kind of cut at the knees a little
bit of the used game market.
We see the online passes, but I see a big push towards digital distribution.
Like isn't the VEDA supposed to have the games are cheaper now to download than they are.
But they haven't released any of those yet.
So we don't know.
I mean, Japan, I mean it may be a little bit cheaper, but even still though, it's just
that stuff is kind of to entice you to buy new, not forcing you to buy new.
And I mean, they're not going to do anything like that anyways to tie it to one system
because come on, what company had a huge failure rate with their launch systems?
Who's really going to risk that bullshit?
Oh, I bought 20 games, but now they're all fucking useless because my system died.
I don't think so.
They're not going to do that.
It would be so ridiculous to even try to do that.
And let's just say that, I mean, that would be easy to break for hackers to break, oh,
let's make it burn stuff.
Oh, we'll just break the burner out of it.
It's not going to happen.
And fuck, they're not going to make a console with a goddamn burner that can actually read
those disks.
That's just like piracy right there.
Like, oh, no, one's going to hack that to burn games.
Oh no, not at all.
Of course.
Now, granted, I think that was only one theory about how it's all supposed to work.
I mean, that theory is so like vague and just like, well, here's how I think.
It doesn't make any sense.
They're just making assumptions.
There's no data to support that.
Yes.
Will they continue on this trend where they're going to have, you know, some sort of code
that you put in to give you some extra something or other?
Yeah, maybe.
Are they going to maybe do something where it's going to tie it to your console as far
as like your game saves or something?
Maybe.
I don't know.
But I think Microsoft's a little bit more lax with that at least.
You're tying them to at least your profile, but even that you can get around.
I just don't think anyone's going to do anything that ballsy right now as far as making it
where the used games will just not play in the system.
Because I'm telling you, if one does that and the other ones don't, that's a big disadvantage
for them.
Because GameStop will just say, fuck you guys, I'm not going to support your system as much.
Well, you know what, Microsoft's in an interesting situation as well with the whole online pass
is that I don't think Microsoft can still justify the online pass for their first party
games.
And if they do it, there's going to be a lot of crap that they're going to start getting.
Because notice they're the one company that kind of hasn't been able to do it yet because
they're charging for Xbox Live.
So I mean, literally they're going to start double dipping for online passes.
See here's the thing though, theirs is a little bit different.
It's the same, it's same but different I guess.
They have content that comes with the launch, I guess the launch pressing or whatever, the
first pressing of a game.
They have extra content that comes with it.
Now the thing is, so is they're not fucking putting out there saying, hey, this is our
online pass.
It's just, it's download content.
Like for example, I think with Alan Wake you got an episode or something for, it's like
the first piece of download content for free.
And that's cool that they're putting something in there for you to entice you to buy new.
And that's all they have to do to spin it with EA instead of saying, this is an online
pass.
They say, hey, guess what?
The launch, the first launch pressing of this game is going to get some extra download content
with it.
Oh my God, you don't even have to fucking call it an online pass.
Why did you call it an online pass?
There's such a negative connotation with that and you're just going to go and cut yourself
at the niche just because this is what you've done with the other games?
Just say, hey, look, it's a bonus DLC that we're putting out for those people that buy
new.
If you buy it used, you can still enjoy the wonderful game, but you're going to have to
buy the DLC.
I mean, that's not, that's not that bad and people can kind of expect that.
Why should I get fucking free DLC if I didn't buy the game new?
It's just how they're free, they really were dumb how they phrase it.
Going to our chat, I'm a chat that orange on a trader.com Amiga 777 says, unless the
next Xbox is download only, then that could be a problem.
It's not going to fucking happen.
Well, let me, let me say something for a minute.
You can't be download only because we all have those caps on the, like the Comcast service
and stuff is still 250 gig cap.
One Xbox 360 game.
If it's a big one, I mean, some of them don't really fill up the disc.
They're like maybe 900 megs.
Some of them though, like, you know, are probably what a good four or five gigabytes Blu-rays
especially on average six gigs.
Yeah.
So I mean, you can only download so many of those and if you're streaming more movies,
something's going to give everybody wants a piece of this.
Now Xbox wants to charge me to, you know, download the game cause I can't buy it used
anymore.
But yet Comcast wants to charge me for using the bandwidth to download the game.
I mean the consumers are going to reject this at some point.
They're going to say it's not worth it.
Go back to playing the old system.
Some people will buy digital downloads and they have that out there right now.
There's nothing wrong with offering things in multiple ways.
Whether you want to buy a new disc, you want to buy a used disc, you want to buy a digital
copy, you want to rent, whatever.
There's nothing wrong with that.
Giving people options.
But when you start forcing people to download only, then people aren't going to buy your
system.
Hello?
PSP Go.
Yeah, I know.
I think the PSP Go is a great example of that.
I know people that own a PSP Go that actually really like the system from a hardware perspective
and all of that.
So it really sounds like what happened with the PSP Go was kind of a tragedy because their
whole implementing the digital download thing kind of got rejected by the user base as a
whole and only, you know, definitely people that were more into like hardware and, you
know, the game, gamophobes or whatever you want to call them, gamophiles, weren't really
into the system.
Otherwise, it was really rejected by people.
And I think if the game makers kind of go down that path of making these systems that
are going to be really complicated and expensive for the end user, I think they are going to
make a hideous mistake that most people, probably not the type of people who listen to this
show, although I would say a good portion that, you know, listen to show or are gaming
enthusiasts and do podcasts, but most people, as in the people that carry the Nintendo Wii
to number one, are not going to feel like they need a new console.
They're not going to feel like they need to upgrade to this console because it sounds
like, like what?
You're going to charge me all this?
This sounds like a Divix machine.
Okay.
First off, most of those people are going to know what a Divix machine is.
You know what I mean, right?
Second, the people aren't going to be comfortable.
You know, your average consumer, sadly, is not comfortable with understanding how digital
downloads work and stuff.
They don't understand how that is.
And that's why they like WiiWare's taken off really for Nintendo as far as like, I think
more of the hardcore crowd because no one's, I mean, if they offered it in a way they presented
it like Wii Sports Resort had DLC or something like that, well, of course, you know, none
of the Nintendo games had DLC.
If they had DLC for like Wii Sports Resort, maybe they would have sold some stuff.
But I think most people aren't comfortable with that.
I mean, hell, with those wireless systems, I'd be willing to bet most people didn't know
how to hook it up to their internet, let alone be able to have the equipment to hook it up
to their internet.
Because a lot of people don't have wifi in their house.
Bochi Kawa in our chat room at chat.orangelandraday.com says, I saw a PSP go for sale at Kmart last
week and I said, huh, didn't know they still made those.
Oh, wait, those are probably just never taken off the shelf.
Dude, you're at Kmart.
I was at Kmart.
What did you find?
Dust bunnies?
No, I bought cat litter there.
Okay.
Because cat litter doesn't go bad.
It doesn't matter if it's five years old.
Do they still have the doors that have the pressure sensors that you step on to open
them up?
That's always fascinating.
Really I couldn't tell because they were very squishy anyway.
Do they still have the icy machines?
No, it didn't have an icy machine.
Everybody has icy machines now.
This is what I remember.
I did however go to the opening of a 7-Eleven and they gave up free Slurpees.
Good times.
All right, going to the chat room from other comments on Loki's rants and this whole story.
Spazinator PC says, download only is risky.
Look at what I went through with Sony and my videos kind of referencing how he's, you
know, his PlayStations will break or he'll lose the license to his videos and he's had
this huge collection.
It's just a big pain in the butt.
Uni in our chat room says, I rather want a physical copy of the game.
It's all about the gratification.
And I agree with that too.
There is, you know, what happens to game collectors if things go digital only?
Like Dark Soccer, I imagine that's got to piss you off to no end because you're so,
you and Dan are so into like collecting that if everything goes digital, it's like, great.
What do I have to show for it?
Bits and bytes.
Great.
Good job.
Because that there goes, you know, the need for your manuals for production material is
pissing me off.
Well, let me put it this way, a lot of this stuff I think already is digital as far as
like, you know, Xbox Live Arcade, Xbox Indie Games, PlayStation Network, all that stuff.
There's a lot of digital content out there already.
I think if you're going to see anything in the new consoles, it's probably going to be
some sort of actual cloud streaming as well where you may have the option to stream your
game or whatever.
Instead of a demo, you get a time, you know, demo of the actual full game and get to play
that.
You mean what they're doing now on PlayStation Plus?
Sort of.
Or you can actually, you know, have games on demand almost like where you actually rent
them and play them that way.
Because that way the publisher still gets a, you know, kick out of that or kick back
and you know, it's all trackable and it's win-win.
Gamers get to try a game and the publishers get paid.
All right, let's move on and talk about our gaming weeks or we'll be here all night.
So we're going to go around and talk about what video games we have been playing this
week and our impressions thereof.
Dark Sakura, ladies first.
Stupid computer just froze again.
No.
It does this thing where the cursor will freeze and it's seriously pissing me off.
Okay.
Um, I played, I actually got Bubble Bobble for iPhone, not Bubble Bobble, Puzzle Bobble.
Best move.
I've been playing the crap out of it because if there's a puzzle game that I think I love
almost as much as P.O.P.O., it's Puzzle Bobble.
How does that work with the iOS Touch?
Do you just kind of touch on the grid where you want the bubble to fly or do you still
have to kind of drag?
You drag your finger across.
Okay.
It kind of sucks though if you've accidentally tapped it and then, oh shoot, I sent the bubble
out.
But so far it's not like super hard.
I've gotten like a gold star on every level but one and I've beaten the first two areas.
So um, I've played that, I've played WoW.
I really haven't done a lot of playing of much of anything else though just because
I've been hurting.
So I was going to start Skyrim but I'd really rather play it on PC.
You should go check out how Alan's modded his all out.
He's made the inventory screens like usable.
It's pretty awesome.
Cool.
That's one of the nice things about having it on PC I think.
But I'm still loyal to my P.A.S. 3 because I like to sit my big butt on the couch and
have my controller.
And Dan's lusting out for the new Borderlands.
Oh yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Soon.
Alright Loki, how was your gaming week?
Um, well since it's been a few weeks, I've played quite a bit actually.
Of course, you know, there's new DLC for Saints Row the Third.
I mean, I kind of knew what it was going to be getting in, you know, just looking at it.
Basically the new Saints Row the Third DLC is Game Evil 7.
It's a bunch of side missions or activities if you will that you get to play on it.
And most of them are just kind of redressed activities from the regular game.
Like they have an escort mission where it's you're escorting Genki and then you run people
over with your car and that charges up a flamethrower that you torch people with.
It's very boring.
But, you know, and I've finished those.
And then of course there's also the one that's the sad panda one.
I can't remember.
It's some kitten thing where you're rolling around a giant ball and it looks like, oh,
Katamari.
No, it's actually, it handles like a car.
It even has like the sounds of a car.
It's basically a car.
So you're running stuff over and it's just a mayhem mission like they have in the regular
game.
So that was neat, I guess.
And then of course there was another one that was basically just the regular Professor Genki,
just his normal running through a maze and killing mascots and stuff.
And then the one that was actually really weird that I thought was the most enjoyable
out of all of them, because it is actually unique, was where you're skydiving as a panda
through rings, landing on roofs and then chainsawing mascots and then skydiving down some more,
bouncing off of balloons and stuff like that.
It's really ridiculous.
But that was kind of fun because it was somewhat unique.
The only thing that's terrible about this is I finished the whole DLC portion in about
45 minutes.
Maybe less than 45 minutes.
I didn't get all the achievements.
I got about 80% of them.
But that's sad.
$7 for 45 minutes of entertainment.
I mean, really they could have added a lot more content to it, but they only put two
different levels of each activity that they added.
I mean, they could have added a ton more activities or at least more versions of it that are difficult,
more increasingly difficult.
But no, they took the easy way out and just pretty much put out the, I don't know, the
most minimal version of DLC as possible, which is very disappointing.
So I'm kind of hesitant on whether I'm going to be buying some more of the other DLC that's
going to be coming out.
Probably because I do like Saints Row the Third and actually did go back and play some
of the car theft missions that I had problems with it glitching out.
And so I got some of those done, which is cool because I'm trying to get all the achievements
for that.
And then what else?
Oh, I played, I downloaded some indie games, I actually played one of them, which is DLC
Quest.
Oh yeah, I remember that one.
DLC Quest, it's kind of funny, it's more of like, it's something that would be a free
Flash game.
I mean, it's a cute little concept, but the game's over in less than an hour, but it's
a buck, so it's not that bad.
Better than paying $7 for 45 minutes.
So it was alright, I mean, I'd recommend if you want to check it out, but that's kind
of the problem with indie games, there's a lot of cool concepts on there, but when you
go and play them, they're really short.
It's kind of disappointing that it's not a full-fledged game.
And then, let's see, what else did I play?
Oh, of course, tons of Skyrim.
I'm already, god, I don't even know, probably 120 hours into the game already.
Level 54, although once I glitch out the Ogma and Finium, that'll be level 81 soon enough.
And let's see, what else, did I do anything fun in Skyrim?
I don't know, the game's getting more glitchy, as I mentioned before, I'm having texture
problems now where it's not drawing the proper textures on things, and all sorts of weird
stuff happening.
But there's a new patch coming in really soon for Skyrim, right?
I don't think it's gonna fix it.
Every patch makes things worse, okay, I'm telling you.
So we'll see, at least that patch, though, at the very least, that is gonna fix the Blood
on Ice mission, the one that's all fucked up for me right now.
So I'm glad that's gonna be fixed soon.
And then, of course, Call of Duty, Modern Warfare, I'm playing lots of that, and kicking
ass.
Nice.
Alright, quickly, my gaming week, because there really hasn't been a whole lot I've
been playing this week outside of WoW, there's not a lot of World of Warcraft this week.
Okay, you know what, that's what I've been into.
There's not a lot of old games I've really gone back to visit, although we did manage
to get a copy of Toy Story Midway Mania on the Wii, because, you know, I love Disneyland,
I love the rides and all that stuff, so Midway Mania's one of my favorite rides.
So I was like, what the heck, let's just, you know, let's just check this out and see
what it's like.
And it's, okay, yeah, they try to emulate the ride by, basically you point the Wii mode
at the screen, you hit A, and try to hit the targets, but, as you can imagine, it's pretty
basic.
Did you play it in 3D?
No, I heard you could, but- It's supposed to come with glasses.
No, I had a used one, so maybe they didn't have it, yeah, so, so, I don't know.
I guess I'll have to, what are they, are they the red-blue, or are they the polarized ones?
I don't know, I think it's red-blue.
I wonder if it's kind of like the ride, which uses the polarized ones, I don't know.
No, it's not that fancy.
Maybe if I steal a copy from the ride, maybe it'll work at home?
No, they don't have, you don't have a TV that supports polarized glasses.
It's just, it's either red-blue or the cyan-purple, so.
Yeah, I'm sure.
Or a cyan-green.
It's probably, you know, it's not gonna really change my opinion on the game.
They've tried to do some cute stuff with, like, you know, collecting stickers, and,
you know, all the levels are not quite the same that they are in the ride itself.
You feel a lot of influence from achievements and that whole thing.
You know, you gotta score so many points on a stage.
But everything's relatively easy, but you have to remember, it is, it's a Disney game.
It's more geared towards kids.
I bet it would be kind of fun to bring out at a party, especially with my friends that
love Disneyland.
Like, let's say Dark Sakura, myself, and maybe a couple of our other Disney-loving friends
got together and did some drinking.
This game might be fun.
Anything's fun with drinking.
Exactly!
Otherwise...
No, a game would be fun with drinking.
What?
Is the Kinect Disneyland adventures, I think, would be fun.
I totally want that game still.
I've heard it's pretty good.
I don't have it myself, but I have some friends that have it.
It's surprisingly not as bad as you'd think.
There's also that other one, though, they're doing, was it the Pixar, was it, uh, Kinect
Rush, Disney Pixar adventure?
I hadn't heard of that, no.
It's coming out in March.
Oh.
I wonder if that, is that similar to the Disneyland adventures?
Because it's just...
Sort of.
California adventures, maybe?
I don't know.
No, it's all Pixar movies.
No.
But they have, like, the Incredibles and stuff in there, and Ratatouille, and...
Yeah.
And you wanna see Wall-E's in there, too, which is kinda cool.
Very cool.
Alright, well, but, otherwise, that's really the only new game I've been playing this week.
Keep in mind, next week, I have Coming to My House Tuesday, Final Fantasy XIII-2, and
Soulcalibur V.
So, it's gonna be a busy week next week.
I haven't finished XIII, so, you know what, I'm holding off on it, and...
Just, I, you know what, I never completely finished it either, but I'm not gonna, I,
I, I'm worried that's gonna stop a lot of people from playing it, but, you know what,
there's, just go watch the spoiler video online.
I already know what the spoiler is, but I still wanna finish the game.
Yeah.
Well, Soulcalibur V is coming out this week, and, um, believe it or not, we know somebody
who's been able to get their hands on it already, and we're gonna call him right now, and he's
gonna come on and talk to us a little bit about Soulcalibur V!
And it's my buddy from the one and only, Hoard House!
Xtaphir should hopefully be on the line.
Hello!
Hello!
Is this Xtaphir?
This is Xtaphir.
Hey, Xtaphir!
How are you?
Good!
I'm so glad we finally have an excuse to get you on Orange Lawn's radio, cause usually
it's, it's only ever Hoard House.
I know!
But you have been able to play Soulcalibur V, right?
This is true.
Alright, now, I don't know how you did that, but I'm not gonna ask questions, but, okay,
so you had to play Soulcalibur V, so, first off, now, I think our listeners have to remember,
you, you don't play a whole, whole lot of games, right?
You play a lot of WoW, but you don't play a whole, whole lot of games, right?
Um, not, not usually.
I, I got a PS3 last year, and I, um, you know, I, I played through Uncharted 2, and I have
a few fighting games, like, well, a couple fighting games like Mortal Kombat and Street
Fighter IV, so, uh, you know, I, I've been, I've been getting, uh, you know, down with
console games lately, you know?
You getting jiggy with it?
And jiggy with the consoles?
Yeah.
I, I guess.
Have you ever played a Soulcalibur game in your life?
Yes.
Okay.
I played, I, well, I actually played the original Soul Blade, which I guess was Soul Edge in
Japan, and, uh, and so I, I do, I did, uh, play that when it came out on the PlayStation,
um, you know, years and years and years ago, and then, um, I played Soulcalibur 2 when
I actually lived with you, um, because I remember you got the Weaver, or it was the GameCube
version with Link in it, and so I do remember playing that, but that was the last time I
ever played Soulcalibur, any kind of Soulcalibur game was, uh, you know, your copy of Soulcalibur
2.
Well, you know what you're saying isn't different from a lot of people.
A lot of people missed Soulcalibur 3 because it was kind of late in the PlayStation 2 lifespan,
and if I remember right, it was a PlayStation 2 exclusive, so it never came out to the other
consoles.
Then Soulcalibur 4, some people saw Darth Vader and Yoda on the box and were like, no
thank you.
Although, I think, I think Soulcalibur 4 wasn't bad.
I like all the Soulcalibur games, but, alright, so here we are, Soulcalibur 5, so tell us
a little bit about the game.
Yeah, I was lucky enough to get a collector's edition, and I was, you know, didn't really
know what to expect, so I started playing with the story mode, which, I don't know what
it is about fighting games and story modes, but they're all lame.
They all, like, I think that the story mode is kind of cheap.
All of the cutscenes are like little, you know, comic book pictures, and you just see
little, you see little blurbs of what's going on, you know, and they do have voice acting
accompanying it.
But who plays fighting games for the stories?
Who plays fighting games for the stories?
And I'm going to get emails from angry fighting game fans.
I do.
But then again, Street Fighter 4 had a really cool story mode and had that little anime
thing that went along with it, too.
So it was actually really immersive, and I've always liked the Street Fighter stories.
But Soulcalibur 5 gave you comic book and bad acting.
Yeah, well, it wasn't that it was bad acting, it was just, it just felt kind of cheap.
But they do have cutscenes, it's just the, well, animated cutscenes, they're kind of
few and, you know, you blink and you miss them.
But in terms of the fighting portion of the game, I love it.
I think it's really cool.
And the thing is, you know, of course, I'm used to Mortal Kombat and Street Fighter 2,
you know, or Street Fighter 4.
And so I was half thinking when I hit up, I'm going to jump.
And so when I didn't, I'm like, Oh, God, like, this is 3D, right?
Like I'm not I'm not used to that.
I'm more used to the 2D fighting style.
So it was kind of disorienting for me.
But that's just a personal thing.
But I really think the graphics and the way the fighting works and everything I kind of
you kind of ease into it.
And I think that Soulcalibur is kind of user friendly.
When it comes to fighting.
I think it's a really good game to be introduced to if you haven't ever done any 3D fighting
games before.
And I said, like, a tutorial or something was that was there a tutorial or something?
No, there's no well, there is a training mode and they kind of hold your hand through combos
and all that stuff.
But it's just in terms of, I don't know, it just felt like really intuitive, like, you
know, there's not much to every move that you you make feels like a special move because
it all has flashy graphics and everything is just kind of it's aesthetically pleasing,
I guess is what I'm trying to get at.
Now I know I know you had a minute to play around with the create your own character
mode, which has been a popular part of Soulcalibur since the third one.
What did you think of create a character?
Oh, I love it.
I think it's, I think it's really good.
I mean, they have a ton of options that you can do.
I made a black chick chick and I named her Rob after you because you're a black chick.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Yeah.
I appreciate it.
Yeah.
And you can you can make her her special moves.
Have like a little, you know, aura and you are, you know, and make that excuse me make
that aura a color and I made it purple.
Like Tinky Winky.
I appreciate that.
Oh, no problem.
Whatever.
I don't get that.
But um, yeah, it's it's really cool.
And then then I brought it over to my brother in laws and he was able to make a character
that looks a lot like Cole from what's an infamous and and my sister made a character
that I can't quite describe.
She looks like Starbuck from Battlestar Galactica, but with like, a monk's outfit on and like
some kind of like really heavy looking.
She has like heavy looking gauntlets on or something.
It's like really weird.
So that's something that a lot of people in Soul Calibur will do is they try to like copy
characters from you know, popular culture and stuff best they can and they create a
character mode.
So yeah, and then fuck them up.
Yeah, exactly.
Because you can't ever get it perfect in Soul Calibur.
So did you did you get to do any verses like were you playing against other people and
you know,
no, because the game isn't isn't really out yet.
I tried to go online, but it said nobody's playing the game or whatever it like didn't
let me connect to anybody.
So I didn't really get to experience the online element to the game.
But I'm sure that it has a nice user interface.
So there's that.
Okay.
It has a nice interface.
I appreciate that.
Yeah.
All right.
So anything else that the OLR listeners should know about Soul Calibur five before it comes
out this week?
I think that it's it's a good game.
I mean, if you like fighting games, and you like 3d fighting games in particular, like
I don't think you'll be disappointed.
I think that from what I hear, I read a few reviews on it.
And they seem to think that it's improved from since Soul Calibur four, I guess there
were some little buggy issues that they say that it's improved on.
But they also kind of echo my my opinion that the story the single player story mode is
kind of, you know, kind of cheap, but whatever, you know, it's a fighting game.
You don't you don't play for the story, but no, you just want to wrestle.
That's why we play fighting games, you know, sometimes you just want to wrestle.
Exactly.
You know.
All right.
Well, extra for I gotta let you go.
So we get to some gaming news.
But thank you for coming on and talking about Soul Calibur five.
What would you give it on a scale of one to 10?
I would give it Can I do point five?
Sure.
I'll do do 8.5.
How about that?
Good.
Good.
Because we have to always have that arbitrary score for no particular reason.
Yeah.
So before we let you go, is there anything you want to plug?
Somebody's but
well, we hope this show will help you in accomplishing that.
Oh, okay.
I'm sure this show will.
All right.
Me that.
All right.
Bye extrovert.
Okay.
Bye.
All right.
The one and only expert from Hoard House www.hoardhouse.com World of Warcraft discussion,
and so forth.
All right.
Let's get into some actual gaming news now.
Oh, housekeeping real quick.
Join us on Facebook, facebook.com slash orange launch radio or our Twitter, twitter.com slash
OLR.
As far as our upcoming schedule of shows, we are scheduled to be here every week.
Yes, we will be here next week.
I know it's Super Bowl Sunday, but whatever.
So our local team isn't even in it anyway.
So whatever.
Uh, and, uh, yeah, so we'll be here and throughout, I don't see any weeks off coming up.
Do you have any, do you have any more cheesecake dates, star soccer that I need to be aware
of?
Huh?
All right.
Excuse me.
Let's get into some, uh, gaming news then Loki.
All right.
Uh, let's start off with talking about some ridiculous rumors regarding the Xbox lube.
And um, of course the rumor is that apparently the new system will launch on holiday 2013
and it's going to launch with a new GPU that's going to be put out by, um, ATI or AMD I guess
at this point.
It's um, I guess part of the AMD 6,000 series, um, which is roughly about 20%, uh, more performance
power than the Wii U, at least what the Wii U is specced at right now.
And also, um, apparently it is, uh, quite a bit stronger than, uh, the Xbox 360 and
PlayStation three.
Obviously, I mean, why would you put out a system with a graphics card or a graphics
chip that's not, I mean, put out the same stuff with more copy protection, two of them
together.
Call it a weed.
No.
So yeah, it's going to support DirectX or the Radeon, uh, HD, uh, 66, 70, which is what
this chip is going to be sort of based on, uh, supports DirectX 11, which is going to
look nice.
A 10 ADP HD multi display output, 3d and a bunch of other fun stuff.
I mean, and that's what it's assumed as right now, what they're going to be using.
I guess they're already manufacturing the chips for it, so we'll see.
I mean, it's all rumors, so we'll know until they officially announce it, which they could,
they could announce the new systems coming.
Do rumors like this really even matter?
Because the whole, like the Xbox will be whatever it's called, will be more powerful.
Duh.
It's all potential.
This just basically says potential.
I mean, however they use that, it's hard to say.
I mean, and even the chips that are in the Xbox 360 right now compared to today's standards
are not powerful at all.
But it's just how they use it.
Um, so it's, it's, I mean, it's hard to say what it will look like.
I'm sure it'll look nice, but also I think a lot of it has to do with when you put the
specs out there, then your competition can see it and they know how to one up you.
So one reason I would think that Microsoft may not want to put it out there this year
is that they don't want Sony to know what's going in there because then Sony will just
do whatever they have to do to one up it.
I could still do that anyways.
They put their system out longer, but the thing is it's not like, Oh, well we're going
to use the AMD 7,000 instead they have a manufacturer fucking thousands of these chips or millions
of these chips.
You know, they're not going to just all of a sudden change their mind because IGN's reporting
on something that it's a rumor inside source.
They're going to put the most powerful GPU CPU that they can in the system and still
make it cost effective for the consumer.
That's what they're going to do.
I mean, I mean, they're not going to, they're going to put an old, uh, the Intel, what's
it like seller graphics card 500 or whatever.
All right.
Moving on to games that are going to be coming out a lot sooner than whatever the next X-Box
is.
Resident Evil Revelations.
There was a couple of news stories going around about it this week.
One, the demo is out.
I didn't mention it during my gaming week cause I don't like to review demos, but I
did download the demo for Resident Evil Revelations.
I thought it was interesting because on the 3DS, when you download the demo, or at least
this one, it says uses left 30, meaning I would get to play the demo 30 times.
And then what?
I don't know.
Do I have to delete it and download it again?
Or, or will my system like know that, Oh, I can't play any, I'm milking this demo for
all it's worth having played through it 30 times.
Has anyone ever played a demo 30 times?
I'm trying to think if I've ever loved a demo that much.
I have once.
Yes.
Really?
Okay.
What, what?
Jumping Flash.
Really?
I played the demo of Jumping Flash for weeks, several times a day, cause it was so freaking
fun and I couldn't afford the game at the time.
Alan wants to comment.
I played the Bayonetta demo at least two dozen times.
The Bayonetta demo was pretty sweet.
I'll give it that.
Logie?
The original Cool Borders demo.
I played that tons of times.
And the original Saints Row demo.
It was a 30 minute demo and I played that over and over and over again.
The Final Fantasy, uh, eight demo.
I would say maybe the demo for Parappa the Rappa.
Yes.
I played that a bunch too.
That's the only thing.
And the Umjammerlami one.
Oh.
I played that a bunch too.
Okay.
Okay.
Well anyway, look, I don't think Resident Evil Revelations is going to be one of those
games.
Maybe, I don't know, maybe for you it will be whatever.
I played it and I was like, this is kind of neat.
I like the 3d effects and it's, it's cool.
It's, you know, it's, you know, got that scary Resident Evil S kind of like, like the older
games had kind of feels a lot more like that, but I'm going to be honest.
What do they want for this game?
New?
They wanted what, 50 bucks at one point and then they dropped it down to 40, right?
Yes.
And I don't think I, I don't personally, I'm not into the series enough where I can justify
40 bucks.
I know there are some people that will, and that's cool.
I don't think they're going to be terribly disappointed, but, uh, just, you know, not
so much for me.
But those that are getting on this game early are going to get something that's a bit of
a blessing and a curse.
And there's a lot of lulls going around the internet about that this week.
I mean, this is on the front page of Yahoo.
I saw this is the fact that the Resident Evil Revelations box art is spelled wrong.
That was only review copies on the side.
It's only, well, they're saying it's the it's well, Capcom put out a statement.
Uh, it has come to our attention that there was a misspelling on the Resident Evil Revelations
packaging.
We apologize for the mistake, which will be corrected for subsequent productions of the
game.
It makes it sound like the first printing cause it, the first printing has to already
be out there.
It's, it's hitting shelves on the seventh, right?
You're so funny with your print.
Remember way back when Okami came out and the, we, and there was an IGN watermark on
it.
Oh yeah.
Oh God.
That was funny.
They had to like recall them all or something or no, they had the substitute box art and
you know what?
I didn't even own the game and I got the substitute box art.
Well, they're going to do something similar for this.
They are saying that they might, uh, actually be, I guess they're going to work on a solution
to provide affected customers with the correct packaging.
But in my mind, I'm thinking the value of the misspelled ones just shot like way up.
Nah, no, you don't think I beg to differ with Logie.
Monopoly and I'm thinking like baseball cards that are spelled on or is it in reference
to a game?
Yeah.
Uh huh.
There was a release of Monopoly on the Sega master system that had it mono space pulley.
But was that in the game or on the box art?
On the box art, on the cartridge.
Nice.
And it's a collector's item.
But here's the thing, and this is the only thing I can think of where I do somewhat agree
with Logie.
Like I agree with you with the classic stuff, but then Logie, I'm thinking that stuff is
really easy to fake in this day and age with the types of color printers we have.
You know, like how easy would that be?
There's ways around it.
There are ways to find if it's a fake because, okay, first of all, you'd be dealing with
the pound of paper that they use.
You would, uh, you would be dealing with their print resolutions.
You would be dealing with, you can actually sometimes tell what type of printer was used
for something just by looking with, there's a, with a, what's it called?
A loop at the, um, the print itself.
Yeah.
And it says, I hear that eBay is lighting up with high prices for the misspelled ones.
Be careful with something like eBay.
Just, you know, remember, go back a few episodes, uh, slate or excuse me, Alan got me a birthday
present game on eBay that ended up coming from China and it was the wrong damn game.
He bought me, he bought me child of Eden and we ended up getting a copy of Assassin's Creed
brotherhood.
It was a bootleg of the wrong game.
It was a bootleg of the wrong game.
It was ridiculous.
Just be careful with eBay.
Not knocking eBay and get a lot of good stuff there, but be very careful with video games.
Oh yeah.
There are lots of people that will take advantage of you.
That reminds me before I forget.
I do have master system games to be sending out, um, probably in the next couple of weeks.
Awesome.
To winners.
Good.
Good deal.
I haven't forgotten about you guys.
And, uh, I did have a story here.
We already mentioned it though because of the four gigabyte cartridge that resident evil
revelations uses as opposed to the two gigabyte cartridge.
They were trying to justify a $50 price tag.
Well that didn't last.
They did officially drop it to $40, but you may think about, well, if you want to play
it with a circle pad pro, you're going to have to dump an extra $20 on it anyway.
So it's really not that cheap.
Well, cool.
I saved myself 60 bucks.
Which would you download it or something?
No, I'm just not going to play it.
Okay.
Anyhow.
All right, let's move on.
Tark Sagra.
Well, um, I never can pronounce the name of this company, right?
Is it ASIS or ASIS or A-S-U-S?
ASUS?
A-S-U-S.
Yeah.
Like Loki's laptop.
ASUS.
ASUS.
Um, but...
I think most people say A-S-U-S.
Yeah.
At any rate, um, there is a, uh, note that there is a PC connect SKU, um, going to be
coming out for an ASIS, uh, laptop.
It's going to apparently have a built-in Kinect sensor.
It's, uh, just licensed out by Microsoft.
Um, they're not doing the, I guess, the creation of the item itself, but, um, Microsoft did
confirm that the laptops are going to have Kinect's functionality built in.
And of course, you know, we know the standalone PC Kinect is going to be out, um, on February
1st for $249.
I'm not surprised.
They already, I think they already said that they're going to be trying to integrate that
in the PCs.
I mean, it makes sense.
You're not going to have just a separate Kinect sensor that's going to be separate from the
laptop.
Of course it's going to be integrated.
Makes sense.
See, honestly, something like that would be great for me when too much typing, you know,
starts to hurt after a while.
You know, air type.
That would just be pretty awesome.
But I mean, I guess for a laptop, I don't know how it would make as much sense as having
something like that for a PC because, you know, a lot of people do PC gaming and we
have a PC hooked up to our TV in the front room.
Something like that would be a good idea.
I just don't see exactly how it would work for a laptop unless it's for like virtual
keyboard and disabled services.
So.
All right.
Um, so let's talk a little bit about, uh, this is kind of funny, um, the Wii U getting
a brand new, uh, network to go along with it, which is good.
I mean, cause right now what they've got for, I don't even know if you really call it and
there was a wifi connect or something like that, which I guess that's, that makes sense
for like, you know, the Wii and the Nintendo wifi connection.
Yes.
The Wii and the DS because those are all wifi, but I don't know if the Wii U is wifi.
So that wouldn't make much sense if it was a wired connection.
But um, the Wii U is getting this brand new thing called the Nintendo network and it's
actually going to start with the 3DS.
Um, this was kind of leaked out a little bit early with the new Final Fantasy theater was
a the rhythm, um, cover actually the logo on there.
And then of course, Nintendo, uh, was talking a little bit about it as part of an investor
presentation and some of the things that are going to be coming with the Nintendo network
communities of Mario Kart seven players.
So they're going to have some sort of community feature with that already has communities
in it.
So are they expanding that?
I guess that would be cool if there's like web integration or something like, you know,
things that were in halo three like five years ago.
Well they're saying, they're saying that community building functionality that, um, they've already
implemented in Mario Kart seven.
So I don't know if they're still expanding on that, but um, they're also doing an add
on content sales and the fact that they don't have DLC yet.
Come on.
What do you do?
Rockband has DLC.
Yeah.
For the Wii, but not like on the three D S and the DS and stuff like that.
All right.
Whatever.
All right.
Okay.
Um, preparing for digital distribution of package software.
So I mean, they're going to have some, you know, downloadable games, I guess.
And the introduction of personal accounts for the Wii U, which in my opinion is the
only actual new news in here.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, because yes, I understand that now Nintendo is saying they could sell full games
online or whatever, but virtual console is full games.
The three DS shots, bigger, full games are fantastic that you can sell full games online.
Welcome to 10 years ago for everybody else.
I mean, it's like, come on, where the fuck have you been Nintendo?
But yay for them finally catching up because I would like to see a Nintendo console that
understands online.
So that'd be nice.
Um, but uh, yeah, um, the fact that they are, um, you know, finally doing this whole personal
accounts and maybe that means no more friend code.
I hope we'll see.
I would hope not.
I don't like friend codes there.
Who does?
Does anyone like friend codes?
I don't like friends.
No, it was an overrated TV show.
I agree.
I really don't like that show, except I always liked when what's her face, his hair would
frizz out because it totally reminded me of going back to Alabama.
All right, so Nintendo network, when will we get like, I know we've had investor information,
but when do we get the real information?
Have they said anything about that or no?
Nope.
Soon.
E3.
Right?
Probably.
Hey, guess what guys?
We have this little technology that we're in implements called patching our games.
Downloadable content.
It's like getting the new game, but you're downloading extra pieces.
Now I know this is totally revolutionary and you only have to pay a hundred Mario coins
to unlock the online features.
This thing that we're going to call the wifi pass, uh, you need to play the play as Luigi
though.
They should really, I think that the only two lazy to walk, do you need to buy extra
play coins?
You can unlock stationary and swap notes DLC that's going to have it.
Watch it happen.
DLC quest with the first DLC you buy is the ability to walk left and animations.
And then I love it.
The, uh, sexy outfit, um, DLC that you can get in DLC quests, add sexy outfits to everybody
in the game.
It's the bikinis all around fun.
Good times.
All right, well let's move on and talk about guy.
Kai, you know, guy Kai is one of those online streaming networks, kind of like on live and
so forth.
Um, guy Kai is going to be doing a full game streaming services on the various gaming and
entertainment websites that they, um, we'll be working with now.
Right now.
They only do demos.
That's the difference right now.
Guy Kai specializes in demos, but they are going to be doing full game streaming services.
Now here's the thing, one of those partners involved is Facebook, which you know, if you
might've heard of it, it's a pretty popular website.
Um, also guy Kai is supposed to be doing stuff with YouTube, best buy Walmart, and even directly
with the publishers, EA and Ubisoft full game streaming is supposed to go about 90 days
after the Facebook version begins, which is going to be very soon.
Guy Kai does compete with on live, but, um, the folks behind guy Kai, including the head,
Dave Perry says that one of the big difference between the two companies is they have to
modify the game.
They have to get the source code to the game.
Guy Kai does not require modification of the game.
So throwing a little shade at the competition, they're saying, basically we can just stream
the game.
Um, guy Kai is not planned for consoles, uh, but they are, you know, saying, you know,
this could work on consoles basically.
So very interesting that that could be integrated with Facebook soon.
Cause especially because Facebook games, you know, are still kind of a big thing.
There's a lot that people play.
I've, I've heard that a lot of them are dying.
Like there's not nearly as many farmers in Farmville as there were some time ago, but
I will admit as terrible as they are, I can't stop playing like the pressure luck.
There's a new pressure luck game on Facebook and you get to actually spin the board and
hit the button and go, no whammies, no whammies.
You know, it's kind of, kind of fun cause you're playing against like real people.
So I don't know, dark soccer is giving me that look like she's judging me and I don't
like it.
Are you judging me?
Dark soccer.
I'm judging you.
Haven't you played Facebook games?
There's gotta be a face.
I quit a lot of my Facebook games, but you have in the past played that stupid final
fantasy one.
I was going to say there was the fun nights of the clicky nights of the clicky.
And then I was like, what the fuck am I doing?
Oh yeah.
And I played some social.
Oh God.
And I got really tired of block.
They just, they try too much to, a lot of those Facebook games try way too hard to get
your money.
Like they need, if they wanted to be smart, they would actually look at, um, like tiny
tower I think is a lot more subtle about it.
You know, certainly it's there and they're not shy about it, but you know, it's not like
in your face all the fricking time.
So it's just, plus the game show games that I play kind of do that too.
I play who wants to be a millionaire as well.
And it's like, you are out of shows.
Do you want to buy more shows for the day?
But I don't need to play more than once a day.
I don't, I don't know, but that's just me.
So it would be interesting though, if like full on streaming games, more powerful stuff
was coming to Facebook, like, cause some of the, you know, especially games like who wants
to be a millionaire and press your luck and the stuff I'm playing don't really have that
great animations and Sims social for like the week I was playing it before I blocked
it.
You know, the animation's kind of old, but imagine if they could have a game like Sims
social with Sims three graphical quality to it that actually ran pretty smoothly.
Gaikai could bring that, couldn't it maybe.
I mean, I know we're talking about streaming, I don't know, Arkham city and things that
are already out there on the PC and stuff, but couldn't Facebook games be developed with
this in mind.
So that's very interesting.
So anyhow, well, anything is possible.
That's true.
All right, moving on.
Well, coral, um, X-Box live arcade found what the filter is.
Okay.
Well, coral is one of those, you know, word games.
And uh, if you play it with the parental, uh, filters on, there are a bunch of words
that you can't play on the list.
There's help train, start dice and God, of course, balls and shaft are not allowed.
Um, and then the offensive words are not allowed.
Like arse, shit, fuck, cock.
But now I heard that see you next Tuesday was allowed somehow was slipping through.
Whereas all these other words are blocked, the mother of all curse words is not the source,
literally the source of all your cursing.
You can say it, you know, I actually don't like that word, but it is a funny word.
What kind of, um, there's, um, basically the other, uh, words that, uh,
Well, I can't understand what the problem is.
Other words that aren't allowed are skid and poop and bung and hung and dice.
Oh, great.
Now it's sounding like extra first back on the show, bleached asshole.
I was going to suggest that to him for that little issue he posted about.
Okay.
So shut up.
Aren't there some actual, like, so there's some words that are blocked that are like
very dictionary words.
Like why are these hope help, Oh, help.
I thought you said hope was hung.
So if I want to, if I want to talk about Oscar movies, I cannot talk about the help because
it will be blocked.
You also can't talk, talk about the picture you hung, huh?
You can't talk about having to poop.
You can't start anything, but yet you can't roll the dice.
Gamers are beat.
They're, they are discriminating against tabletop gamers because they don't let dice.
I'm offended.
They, they are, they are discriminating against my people.
But here, this is the, okay.
To me, this is the hilarious thing about this story and trains.
So we find, Hey, my dad was a conductor for the railroad.
That's offensive.
That is offensive.
You can't say train on X was ever came.
But yet, yeah, here's the, this is the hilarious thing to me is that Microsoft bans all these
words for whatever reason, like maybe, I don't know, whatever.
They're banned.
Listen, the Xbox 360 does not start.
All I have to, all I have to do is turn on my headset and all I'll hear on Xbox live
while I'm probably playing coral.
Nice word, fag.
This game is gay.
Why are you playing this faggy gay game?
Because I saw the game blowing some guy in the back.
Well, you're playing this game too, so nice little fag better words.
It says the quote from go there.
The quote from Gary Penn with Denki, the developer, it says a coral uses the Collins official
Scrabble dictionary comprising over 110,000 words, up to eight letters in length, including
a huge collection of words deemed offensive.
So we're talking about like just regularly used words, you know, like how was trained
offensive?
It's a really shitty band.
It's a really shitty band.
Unless you're, you know, maybe it's a sex move or something.
The train.
It's a move in fisting.
You don't know what a train is?
Rob's looking it up too.
You're talking about the human centipede stuff, aren't you?
My friend just bought that movie.
She loves that movie.
Something to that effect.
Yes.
A train is something to that effect.
Okay.
Except maybe not sewing someone's ass to their face.
It's yeah.
Oh, this.
Oh my God.
Microsoft has forced dance central to remove one of their songs.
I can't believe it.
This, this song is deemed way too offensive.
That's not like she fucking said train.
You know, that's, that's a euphemism for big fat cock.
She says, listen, she's all come on, ride the big fat cock.
Lord.
I see.
I was thinking it was, you know, maybe a euphemism for fisting.
Rob just turned driving sex with Muppets.
Gosh.
Okay.
Allow me to enlighten you to what a train is.
I will refer to the official source of all sorts of things like this.
The urban dictionary.
Urban dictionary.
I knew it.
A group of guys stand in line outside of a room one by one and they enter a room to have
sex with one girl inside.
The line must have at least seven guys to be qualified as a train.
That is a train.
Does that make her the caboose?
Well now we understand why the game has banned the word train orange on radio.
Got that word ban.
Thank you very much.
All right.
Anyhow, or, or, you know, I'm leaving the room.
You guys are dirty or it would be a line of men having intercourse connected by penis
to ass.
The conductor or man in the back controls, the conductor or man in the back controls
the speed while the front controls the direction of the train.
As one ejaculates, he will then exit the train.
We involve train sound.
Is it, is it, is it kind of like this?
I'm not sure asked to ask what the hell is asked to wrecking for a dream.
Oh, it's the ass.
All right.
Anyways.
Thank you.
Urban dictionary.
Welcome.
All right.
I like how I said you're welcome as if I'm urban dictionary.
All right, let's move on.
Let's stop being 12 and move on to, um, travel around the world and check out what the trains
bring into a game store near you as we look at some release dates.
Lots of good stuff this week, actually, uh, the only releases for this month, um, that
are worth picking up Final Fantasy 13-2 on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 this week.
Also in a collector's edition.
If you want to buy the game with the collector's edition stuff, uh, Soul Calibur 5 on PlayStation
3 and Xbox 360 also available in a collector's edition as well.
And Never Dead on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, which looks like a more action-packed, slightly
less strange Shadows of the Dead.
And then, um, and that's actually it.
And then, uh, nothing.
There you go.
I thought we might have had, there was, I think, uh, at one point there was, uh, Pro
Evolution Soccer 2012 3D for the 3DS, but that's been delayed again.
I see.
3D balls were considered offensive.
Uh, it took extra time to render the balls, you know, they had to pay special attention
to the balls.
Yeah, that's right.
Yep.
I know.
Or else somebody might get offended.
All right.
Moving on.
Let's check out what's coming out in Japan.
We'll start with the Xbox 360.
Japan finally gets Dragon Age 2.
So you can say meh, just like the rest of us.
On February 2nd, 2012 is when Dragon Age 2 finally gets to Japan.
Also coming to Japan on February 2nd, Never Dead and Soul Calibur 5 obviously is released
here this week and it looks like it's timed pretty well to actually be released in Japan
at the same time.
Coming to the PlayStation 3, um, a lot of the same stuff, Dragon Age 2, Never Dead,
Soul Calibur 5, but you also get Gran Turismo 5 Spec 2012.
Uh, I'm not sure exactly what this is, but I want to say this is probably similar, I
think you were talking about this in the show, Loki, they were going to put out like a Gran
Turismo 5 that came with a bunch of download content, like a good...
It came with $20 worth of download content and the Spec 2012 update.
They are saying that this new update does the simplified cockpit view.
So I guess that's all.
It's the Spec 2012 update, they were just calling something different in there.
Alright, got it.
So that's what Japan is getting.
Spec 2.0 is what they're calling it.
So Japan gets that, hooray.
The Vita is out in Japan and out this week on the Vita is Ragnarok Odyssey.
Comes out from Gung-Ho and I believe, if I'm not mistaken, this is the Ragnarok Online
game on the Vita, I think.
Although, I don't know if it's like specific, oh no, I think this is different.
Ragnarok Odyssey pits gamers against giants from Norse myths, so I don't think that's
it, but it's like more of an action game.
I saw the name and I thought maybe, maybe, alright, anyhow, um, let's see, uh, coming
out on other systems.
Like a train.
That's just never gonna die.
I'm trying to see if anything's coming out on the Wii.
It's coming out.
On the 3DS, Fishing 3D from D3, ooh, Fishing 3D.
It's almost like the real thing, just as boring.
And lastly, that's it.
I guess I could check the PSP real quick.
How about it?
Photokano.
Okay.
On the 30th, in the UK, January 30th, we have Call of Cthulhu, The Wasted Land.
Call of Cthulhu.
And now I have to go to February because this thing's set up really bizarre.
And in February, on the 1st, we have Rhythm Party, ooh, on the 2nd, we have Pixel Junk
Eden, and on the 3rd, Final Fantasy XIII-2, Metal Gear Solid HD Collection, Never Dead,
and Soulcalibur V.
Shane knows a lot about the Vita and what's going on and says that Ragnarok Odyssey is
partially the people that did Ragnarok Online.
So it's not Ragnarok Online, but it's like them, a lot of the same people making a new
thing.
Aye.
So there you go.
Just thought you wanna know.
Alright, a few more news stories for you guys, then we're gonna get into the classic game
of the week.
So let's go to Loki.
It's like Ragnarok Wi-Fi ad hoc.
Yes, it's just like that.
With a 3G connection provided by AT&T, yes.
Yes, well in Japan it would be something else.
So yeah, the Vita's getting hacked, as usual.
But it's not exactly the Vita getting hacked, it's more of the Playstation 3 getting hacked
and the Vita kind of benefiting from said hack.
Of course with the power of custom firmwares on the Playstation 3, and this has been something
that they did with the PSP before where they added more games supported through remote
play, they have done the same with the Vita.
Now you can support more games via remote play on the Vita, including Batman Arkham
Asylum, Battlefield 3, Alice in Madness Returns, Mortal Kombat, and Red Dead Redemption.
However, the games display a hefty amount of input lag.
Also, they had some extra games that they're gonna be supporting via remote play, including
Killzone 3, but those are not yet supported.
But it looks like, if I remember correctly, with the PSP there were a lot of games that
didn't have remote play enabled, but with hacks were able to get remote play enabled
on those, and they actually worked just fine.
So there may be more games beyond just those five that they will work and work well.
So they have videos online too if you wanna check them out.
I mean, I think it'd be pretty awesome to play Battlefield 3 on the Vita or Red Dead.
I didn't even think about that the PSP and the PlayStation 3 already have similar connectivity,
you know, and it's one of the most underlooked features in the PSP, so the Vita ought to
kick it up, and you should be able to play, like, PS3 games streaming, right?
Yes, and especially since the controls will be nice instead of having to worry about before
where, oh, I only have one analog stick, you know, and now you have dual analog, and to
be honest, I mean, they should be supporting, you know, the L2R2 just by tapping a portion
of the back touch panel, and then you have pretty much full compatibility with, you know,
the DualShock controls, so assuming that you're not gonna run to input lag that's gonna really
affect your game, I don't see why more games aren't supporting this.
All right, well, I'm hoping to see more of this kind of technology coming to the Vita,
because I gotta say, if I could play, like, Final Fantasy XIII-2 on my Vita, like, while
I'm in bed, like, you know, just do a little bit of the, do a little bit of the grinding
in my bedroom.
I'm in experience grinding, you sick perv, stop laughing over there, DarkSakura.
You certainly are experienced, huh?
Bitch.
All right.
Hard, hard, hard, hard, hard, hard.
I would, I would love to do that, like, that would be so awesome, like, it's almost like
a, I mean, what, isn't the Wii U's whole point kind of moot if the PlayStation can do that
same thing?
Sort of.
Sort of, except for the fact that it'll be a way more expensive on the PlayStation 3,
I'm sure.
But it's just, I don't know.
AlphaCananagram wants to make a good point, though.
The thing is, PS3 is Wi-Fi G, not Wi-Fi N, so it's gonna suck.
Yes, but at the same time, you know, who's to say the next system's not gonna be, I'd
assume the next system's gonna be Wi-Fi N.
Are you already thinking about Vita II?
No, I'm talking about the, um...
Oh, oh, the, oh, I'm sorry, the PS3.
Oh, that's a good point.
I don't know if the Vita is N. I think it might be.
It just occurred to me.
Might be G.
There's another game that I played today, but we're bringing it up.
I played with the Sony tablet.
Oh?
Um, the, what's it called, the tablet S, and it has PlayStation games on it, but I was
playing the Uncharted pinball game today.
Oh.
But it was, I was thinking about that, you know, if they've got PlayStation, um, I think
it said some PS2 games, too, on, um, on their little tablet, then it actually seems to,
you know, that it wouldn't be that hard for them to have the Vita that played, you know,
your PS3 games.
AlphaCananagram has another great suggestion here.
They need to release an updated PS3 or some sort of dongle to upgrade the Wi-Fi N, for
the Vita's Wi-Fi N. And dongle, who, he's changed his name, is confirming the Vita does
have an N in it.
To be honest, you could do that with a Wi-Fi N bridge, um, you could, you know, upgrade
your connection or, you know, have a router that's Wi-Fi N that you connect, you know,
physically to your PS3 and then have it stream from there.
But yeah, I mean, next system, you know, obviously gonna be N, probably will be able to support
a lot more streaming, especially if you're gonna be downloading games and stuff, and
I mean, that could be kinda cool.
You could see a lot of new functionality with the Vita with that, um, although by the time
that that system comes out, the Vita could be dead in the water already, so, let's hope
not.
Alright, well, let's move on to another story here I have on THQ, of course, the makers
of Saints Row, right?
Uh, apparently it's gonna be refocusing a bit over THQ.
First, I should say this, there were some crazy-ass rumors this week that THQ was, like,
gonna just fuckin' fold.
Like, right?
Weren't they going around Twitter like THQ is just done, they're waiting, they're gonna
get bought.
That was like a couple weeks ago that they were, like, gonna stop.
Oh, we haven't been here for a couple weeks.
Well, they had canceled their 2014 portfolio.
Oh yeah, they canceled their entire 2014 lineup, yes, I remember now.
Well, here's what happened is that what's actually happening is that THQ is going to
renew its focus to be on core game franchises and not traditional kids licensed video games.
Sorry, guys, no more SpongeBob SquarePants.
And somebody else will pick up the license, I'm sure.
But anyway, um, UFC, Darksiders, Company of Heroes, Insane, Saints Row, Warhammer 40k,
and so on, these are all still in production and there will be that going forward.
They have a ton of fuckin' titles coming out.
I mean, I'm not surprised that they're, I mean, look at the titles that are coming out
from THQ.
They have the fuckin' South Park RPG game that's coming out at the end of the year.
I mean, they've got plenty of big titles.
I mean, they're on par with, like, EA and, you know, Activision, I mean, they're easily
one of the top three.
I mean, hell, even First Party can't really top, you know, I mean, First Party doesn't
have a lot of titles coming out anymore, but yeah, they're not going anywhere.
I mean, if you're gonna see another company die, it's gonna be, like, Konami or, you know,
maybe even, like, Capcom, one of the smaller guys, like, D3, you know, I can see them folding.
South Peak, they could have very well already folded.
Yeah, it's gonna be one of those.
It's not gonna be THQ.
They're not gonna just all of a sudden get bought out.
They have a ton of properties.
Well, one thing that didn't work out so well for them was the U-Draw tablet, and I think
that's part of what's probably not going to be so much coming out of THQ in the future.
Hey, did you remember the Ubisoft tablet that they had?
No.
Yeah, that's, nobody did either.
That came out around Christmas.
Um, what, I thought one of those tablets did quite well.
Was that the first?
It was the first U-Draw on the Wii.
But then when they tried to kind of put it everywhere, it didn't do so well, right?
And I don't really know if it did well, it did alright, but I'm glad that's gone, because
it was, it had potential, but what, the problem with that tablet is you didn't have anybody
coming on, like, they were saying, oh yeah, Nintendo's gonna develop some titles for the
U-Draw tablet.
If they had done that, then yeah, it would have kicked ass on the Wii, but since there
wasn't a Mario Paint or anything like that on the U-Draw, it just died, you know, no
one cares.
Because it's a peripheral that's going to be used for a couple of games, and that's
it.
Alright, well, let's take a minute to go down memory lane, and think about a time when we
weren't so worried about games' financial situations, we didn't have these tablet things
that were coming out and destroying game companies, it's the classic game of the week.
Dark Soccer is going to dive head first into the classic gaming vault and find a game that
she says, hey, you kids, better respect.
And you picked a real oldie but goodie tonight, didn't you?
I picked one of my favorite old games.
Alright, and you think, how many episodes have you done the classic game of the week
now?
It started episode 250, right?
So damn near 200 classic games of the week.
Yeah.
And you're still finding ones you kind of forgot, or whatever, just never did before.
Well, and actually this game last night from Dan and I, we were watching this, like, series
of Colecovision games.
So I had to go back to the Colecovision with something that I grew up with.
So I picked Mousetrap.
Mousetrap.
Now tell me if you remember this gaming company, Exedy.
You know what Exedy stands for?
I didn't know it stood for anything.
Is the portmanteau of excellence in dynamics.
I didn't know that.
I remember the name Exedy, though.
Yeah.
So maybe it's Exedy, since it's dynamics.
Anyway, Mousetrap was basically, I don't know what everyone's going to say, it was a Pac-Man
clone.
Well, unlike Zynga, Exedy decided to actually innovate on the genre and throw in a few other
twists.
With Mousetrap, and the one that I linked, and if you will share that with Rama, I shared
the Colecovision version because that's the one that I grew up with.
Although it was in the arcade, it was a pretty good game, the Atari version is shit.
So moving forward, you've got these, you play as a mouse and you're being chased by cats
and you are eating up little pieces of cheese and you can collect bones.
Now the bones, as opposed to how the power pills work, you store up your bones and you
activate them at a certain time that you choose.
You can save all of your bones and not use them in that level.
I mean, you don't, you have to start over the next level, but still, you know, you don't
have to use all your bones.
But with, you have the bones, you turn into a dog and the dog, you know, bites the cats
and sends the cats back into their little places that aren't in the center of the screen,
they are on the, uh, each side of the screen.
In the center, you have a little area that says in, and when you go through the in, it
actually puts you into one of the four corners at random, you don't get to control.
Actually, I think there was a way to determine which one, but I think it had, depending on
how you entered the little thing.
So, um, you, uh, actually, instead of there being four enemies on screen, you had six
cats.
And they, uh, had point multipliers, 100 for the first, 300 for the second, 500 for
the third, 700, 900, and that was it.
And of course, it resets every time you use a new bone.
Um, now, the cats, though, will respawn faster.
As you got through later levels, you also had a hawk that would pop up that would, uh,
eat both the mouse and the dog, if you were the dog, and you, um, the only way to get,
to change its direction from going right after you, was to go in the infield in the center
so that it would just go to a random place.
You also had, uh, bonus, um, items that, when you got one, a next one would appear, and
your bonus items, they would also be towards the different corners.
Uh, there are a thousand points each and would increase by 200 points for each subsequent
ply, so the last one was 7,200 points.
The items are, there's 32 of them, there's a wedge of swiss cheese, a paperclip, a safety
pin, a key, an apple, a trophy, a candlestick, a pair of scissors, a pair of pliers, a pair
of eyeglasses, a clock, a bottle, a gem, a bugle, a screw, a hammer, a diamond ring,
a lightbulb, a sewing needle, a fork, a thimble, a knife, a cocktail glass, a fishbone, a pear,
a peanut, a dye, a telephone handset, a dye with C-A-F on the faces, I guess that would
be like a block, a spool of thread, a teacup, and a pistol, what a mouse needs a pistol
for, and a martini glass, and eyeglasses, I have no freaking clue.
Some of the 80s games had the strangest power-ups in them, though, you know.
You also get a 10,000 point bonus for clearing the board of all cheese, and if you end the
stage as the dog, you will begin the next stage as the dog, which is kind of stupid
because the cats don't really appear.
Now here is, I think, the really innovative part of the game, are the doors.
And with the doors, you had three different colors, you had a yellow, a red, and a blue
door, that if you pressed that colored button, the door would open and close.
And my goal, every time I played the damn game, was to trap the cats.
And I was really good at trapping the cats, because then you trap the cats, you don't
have to worry about them hunting you down.
You just, you know, you may have to go around another door, but, you know, what's a little
inconvenience for safety, you know?
Right.
Now this is not to be confused, as some people are saying in the chat room here, the board
game, yes, Torment is saying, my mom loved that game, she would set up for hours playing
Mouse Trap, but there was somebody else that says that before that, Torment didn't just
come out and say that, somebody said, somebody said something about the board game in there.
The board game is not the same as the arcade game.
But the board game is awesome in its own way.
And it had lots of breakable parts, and it really pissed me off.
Yes.
I could never get the little dude to flip the right way at the end.
So yeah, my thing was always trapping the cats, and then just having free reign of the
board, and, oh, I can take my time, ooh, look at you mousies, I mean, kitty cats trapped
in the little areas.
So there were different ports.
Like I said, I had the ColecoVision version, which to me was the most true version, I think.
It had fewer prizes, and you could actually have an option to leave out the hawk, and
the sound effects were a little different, but as far as, you know, having the doors
and everything, it was probably the closest to the arcade you could get.
The Intellivision one actually added an audio warning when the cats were entering the maze,
but the graphics were blockier.
And then the Atari 2600 version, okay, you know how awful Pac-Man looked on the Atari
2600?
Yeah, I'm looking at the videos now, because I want to say I played this one.
Similarly hideous.
And no sound.
Very quiet.
Block, block, block, block, block, block.
Actually my friend had this game, we used to play this all the time, but it only had
the one door.
Yeah, only the one color door, and it flickers instead of really opens, it just vanishes.
Yeah.
So it's not really good, and you had reduced scoring in it, it had no hawk, the in area
is missing, like from the center, so you didn't have your little teleport boxes.
You only have three cats instead of six, and all the doors move at the same time.
So it was really just bastardized.
However, now, you remember the song Pac-Man Fever, Rob?
Of course I do.
Pac-Man Fever, Bugner and Garcia, well they also did a song called Mouse Trap on the same
album.
I did not know that.
It was made using the sound effects from the game.
A little note on here from the article I'm reading is that when they re-recorded the
album in 1999, they could not find the machine, and so had to use sounds from nature.
Let's see, I'm actually, I found it here on the good old YouTube that has everything.
Wow, they do really just sing about the game, don't they?
Well, they do with Pac-Man Fever.
Rest in peace by the way, that guy died last year.
One of them, there was two of the guys died last year.
Anyhow.
So that's the game, and again, it was one of my all-time favorites, and my mother would
sit and play this for hours, although her game was Space Fury.
Alright.
Classic Game of the Week, folks, is Mouse Trap for the ColecoVision, or you know, really
it did start in the arcade, so there it is.
I'm gonna say, if you want to play it at home, without maim, ColecoVision.
Alright, that's the way to go.
Alright, there it is, your Classic Game of the Week.
We're gonna be back, there's plenty more of Orange Laundrio to come.
We have a list list tonight.
We're gonna be doing a list list, tonight's list list is inspired by Twitter.
There was a listener on Twitter that said you should do this as a topic, and I'm like,
okay, we can do that.
So we are gonna do a list list, Alan's gonna join us for that here in a little bit, and
we'll get to more of that in part B, and we're gonna talk a little bit about a new pocket
system that could have Dark Sakura, very excited, we'll see some other Nintendo updates and
more when we come back.
Your calls and your Twitter topics at Twitter.com slash O-L-R, get those in, and plenty more
when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to more of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live on January the 29th of 2012 with the 443rd episode of our show.
You know, if you've never listened to Orange Lounge Radio live, you really should consider
it sometime.
We are, of course, I do something, I know some of our listeners are overseas, so like
if you guys are in Europe, it is really hard to listen to our show unless you have severe
insomnia.
So I apologize for that, but that is why we have a podcast.
But for those of you guys who are in the States, your excuses are severely numbered.
So we do tape live at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern at All Games Radio, of course,
and we do have the chat room.
And when you're not here with us in live chat, you miss fun things like Dark Sakura's having
a contest right now.
Whoever can guess her bra size gets to buy her a taco.
Now, I'm not sure how there's a winner in that situation.
There's two winners and they're both me because everyone gets to know what a fantastic rack
I have.
And I also get a taco.
Can I just put pics on OLR?
No.
No.
And then I am kind of wearing a cleavage-y shirt today.
OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Actually, I keep saying OLR.com, but that's not our site.
And my hair is cute.
You do look cute today.
I put effort into my hair today.
Considering how, like, shitty I felt, mad you were, I don't know, yeah, angsty you were
earlier.
A, you've seemed like the show has helped you unwind a little bit, and B, you might
be in a bad mood, but you're looking good.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Pissy bitch gotta be hot.
All right.
All right.
We're going to do some rapid-fire news.
Believe it or not, we're not just a video game show about boobies.
Although, don't get me wrong, everybody loves boobies.
Loki?
Boobies?
He gave the big thumbs up.
Great radio.
Dark Sakura?
Boobies?
Yeah.
And I love boobies, too.
Boobies are great.
Oh, is Dark Sakura taking a picture of her boobies?
I'm just gonna put a picture up.
Oh, okay.
That kind of comes with the radio show territory.
What?
Taking pictures of boobs.
It's just, you know, you eventually devolve into that type of show.
Yeah.
There's the picture.
See?
You gotta put that on the site.
I am.
All right.
Moving on.
All right.
Let's talk about Skylanders.
Yay.
Skylanders.
Your favorite game.
It's my favorite game.
What a different type of boob.
Hey, you know what?
Here's the thing.
You can't win here if you can't avoid them, then at least benefit from them, but that's
another story.
Anyways, Skylanders.
So, apparently Activision has grabbed the rights to a domain called Skylanders Giants,
so you can probably guess that's probably gonna be the next Skylander game or whatever.
So Skylander Giants coming to a store near you.
You wanna hear something funny?
So as I mentioned weeks prior that those toys are so hard to find right now that they're
going for astronomical prices on auction sites like eBay and Amazon, Activision, cause most
companies eventually they will drop the price of their merchandise.
Oh no, no, no, no.
They are raising the price of the merchandise.
Those toys, remember how they used to cost you like eight bucks or whatever?
They're gonna cost you one additional dollar to buy that.
That's like, that'd be like those Call of Duty map packs selling so well that they're
gonna charge more money for them.
But guess what?
You stupid fuckers will keep buying them.
And so that's why Skylanders Giants is allowed to exist.
So don't you fucking bitch and complain about your goddamn map packs costing too much because
it's all your fucking fault for buying those stupid Skylander toys.
Why are you so angry?
You're so angry.
Yeah, I'm not fucking angry.
I'll make a quick buck off of those fucking toys.
So whatever, you know.
I'm gonna be laughing all the way to the bank.
Because you people can't get your hands on those toys.
Anyways, Capcom has announced Ace Eternity 5 that's gonna be coming out soon thanks to
their wonderful logo which is completely in Japanese.
But I do see a five, so I know that it's Ace Eternity 5.
And of course they've offered nothing whatsoever as far as specifics about the game, but eh,
whatever.
And also there's the Professor Layton vs. Ace Attorney series for the 3DS that's been
announced and the game's due out this year.
And also of course they're gonna be doing some HD versions of some of the older Ace
Attorney games.
One through three are coming to IOS platforms soon with refresh sprites and that fun stuff.
And last but not least, there's a new game coming out on the Playstation 3 for the Move.
And it's gonna allow you to use your Playstation Move controllers to engage in combat.
Looks almost like that Kinect game that they have coming out from the guys that do Crysis
from Crytek.
Very, you know, Roman combat type stuff.
Anyways, the game's called Quandramortis and it's done by the guys that did the fight the
lights out.
So they know a little bit about battle games.
They also know about games that don't sell well.
So it's hard to say whether that game will do well or not.
Yeah.
And you'll be able to fight against your friends over the Playstation.
Also if you happen to not want to engage in move combat or multi-move controller combat,
you can still use a regular controller as well.
So it's nice to at least have that option in there.
All right.
Well, moving on to some other rapid fire news.
I think I need a correct musical background for this because it's one of the greatest
theme songs ever.
Hopefully it'll work.
It's the Muppet Show!
Ah, that's right, I played this song because Muppets DLC is coming to LittleBigPlanet 2!
That's right, Sackboys will meet the Muppets.
This is going to be so awesome.
Like, I have to admit, I'm so embarrassed because I never really got into LittleBigPlanet
2.
Like, I never just bought it because I was like, oh no, there's a stellar game right
now.
I can't do it.
But I love LittleBigPlanet 1.
So this might seriously push me over the edge right here.
I've got to get LittleBigPlanet 2 because now there's Muppet DLC in it.
It's going to have two new minigames, five new levels, a new soundtrack, objects, voices,
new trophies, twelve new kids, and a Ralph the Dog costume.
Outstanding.
It's going to cost $5.99 and it actually just came out this week.
Also a new game mechanic is the Attract-O-Gel.
Now Sackboy can walk on walls and ceilings.
And any object can do the same thanks to the Attract-O-Gel.
Amazing.
You know, I haven't played through LittleBigPlanet 2 at all, other than like the first level
or so.
I should probably go back.
Oh man.
It's just one of those games that unfortunately just came out at a really bad time, so I kind
of missed it.
The first one was so, so good.
I can't imagine how the second one is suddenly bad.
Anyhow, rumors going around, big rumors that Wii U might change their name.
Nintendo is seriously considering renaming the Wii U and it has to do with the fact that,
I guess a lot of people were confused by the 3DS and the fact that the 3DS and the way
they're kind of selling it looks so similar to the DS that people think the 3DS is just
a souped up DS, although I'm kind of like, well that's what it is, isn't it?
But whatever.
So Nintendo is very scared about this because maybe it's too similar.
So they're thinking that folks will see Wii U and think it's just the same thing, that
they already have one at home.
I don't know how much I'm on board with this, but I don't really care for the name Wii U,
but then again I didn't really like the name Wii and it kind of grew on everybody, so those
jokes will never get old.
I'm noticing this thread on Destructoid, which is one of the sites that ran the news story,
had some comments for people suggesting a new name and a lot of people are suggesting
a lot of the development names like Ultra, Dolphin, whatever, but I think honestly the
best name I saw in here was Nintendo HD.
What a great name for the console, just fucking call it what it is.
It's Nintendo HD.
I think that's the best suggestion I saw in there.
Loki you look like you're wanting to comment on this or something.
That sounds fine to me, that makes sense.
Wii U, do you love the name Wii U?
Do you hope it sticks?
Well I am very fond of the movie Kung Pao and yes, Wii U does tie into Kung Pao quite
a lot, so I am hoping it sticks just because of all the wonderful Kung Pao clips they get
to watch.
Wii U, Wii U, Wii U, Wii U.
Yeah, yeah.
You should be able to beat him now.
Also Nintendo has announced that at their recent online thing that they do with investors,
one of the other things they talked about, not just the Nintendo network, but another
little gem slipped in there, a new 2D Mario game that will be released in the next fiscal
year, meaning before March 2013, that will be on the 3DS.
So I know that sounds a little weird because we're talking a 2D game on the 3DS, but think
New Super Mario Brothers Wii, something like that, on the 3DS, which wouldn't surprise
anybody because that was a huge seller, and that's a game I'm sure they could crank out
no problem.
New Super Mario Brothers Wii wasn't a bad game by any means either.
It was pretty good.
Yeah, I already played that on my 3DS, it was called New Super Mario Brothers for the
3DS.
Well there'll probably be a 3D one of those as well that just has slight 3D in it or something.
But I wouldn't go expecting Mario 3D Land.
But you know what, who gives a shit, you know what, you don't need to even fucking change
any of the goddamn game mechanics as long as you make completely all new levels.
No one cares, it's just, it's a Mario game, oh my god.
Just make really fun levels and done.
You don't need to like, make something brand new every time.
That's not to say that you shouldn't make brand new things because, you know, they've
been, you know, they've had the problem with releasing games that they've changed nothing
for like ages on, Animal Crossing, or you know, it's just like any of the new play control
things.
I mean, they should change a little bit, but you know, it's not to say that the old stuff
wasn't good.
Some comments on our chatroom at chat.orangesontraday.com, Rama says, no, just call it Nintendo.
The Nintendo, Nintendo.
You know, that's been suggested a lot, and that was even rumored, one of the titles at
one point, but the NES was the Nintendo, and I think, I don't know, I just, I like Nintendo
HD or Wii HD, just something, I like to keep it simple, but that might be too simple.
Call it the Nintendo money press because it prints money.
Some other comments on our chatroom at chat.orangesontraday.com, Dongle says, give me true Super Mario World
sequel with 2D art in 3D.
AhMyEye says, I want a good Yoshi's Island sequel.
Well, yeah, Super Mario Bros. 2 Yoshi's Island, that was one of the best.
Weeee, weeee, weeee, weeee.
No, thank you.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on, DarkSakura.
Well, we do have a few other things.
It would also be good if I did not have the mailbag pulled up over it.
So how about Street Fighter X Tekken?
There's some interesting news, and that is a weird picture of Mega Man.
It's Mr. Mega Man.
Mr. Mega Man?
Well, it's technically Mega Man.
He's in the pose from the American box art for the first Mega Man, and that's just weird.
Also, the image of his showing, so I can link it in the chatroom, so.
But it was, yeah, bizarre.
And also Pac-Man's in it, which I don't get.
Well, the Pac-Man thing was cool.
Have you seen the trailer with him in action yet?
No.
Because it's, okay.
Pac-Man, this is worth, yeah, because this is the weird thing.
Like, Pac-Man sounds stupid to me, but wait until you see what they did to Pac-Man.
You're gonna say the same thing I did, I bet.
Well, it said with mechanical assistance.
Well, it's a very specific mechanical.
It's Pac-Man.
Let her see, because she's a Tekken fan.
Don't spoil it!
Or I will throw a cartoon Megan Fox at you.
All right, let's see.
Ah, here it is.
Okay, let's, uh, I hope this isn't some stupid-ass parody or something.
Let's see here.
No!
I hate YouTube advertisements.
Damn it.
Damn it.
Damn it.
All right, hold on.
We gotta...
It's some dude proposing to some chick.
No, no, no, no.
She's not gonna marry you.
What?
What were you saying?
It's a stupid commercial.
Oh, we're not gonna watch the stupid commercial.
We had to get through it.
We had to get through it.
Here we go.
Warning.
The following trailer may...
God damn it!
It's just some...
Ah, I see a lot of warnings.
I don't think that was...
I hate when people take the videos and...
There we go.
That was just on it, Rob.
Oh.
Ah, you ruined it.
Sorry, I closed it.
Hold on.
Let me do one more.
This is great, great radio.
Let's try this one.
Geez, Rob.
That's a website I know.
So this ought to be something I can trust.
I like machinima.
Come on.
Play the trailer.
Here we go.
Crude humor.
That's like this show with its trains.
I love the cat.
So Mega Man looks terrible.
The fuck is that?
Oh, he's in the Tetsujin outfit.
That is cool.
Okay, cool's okay.
Cool makes sense.
Yay, Kuro and Toto.
That's awful.
They've got to be just trolling us with that.
No, that's the real deal.
It has, um, what's his name's Kenji Nefuni's blessing.
No, no, no, hold on.
It has his blessing from a year ago.
Prior to the whole Mega Man stuff being canceled prior to him leaving the company.
Yeah.
He's like, Hey, you wanted to use that in the game?
Okay.
Yeah, sure.
That's fine.
I'm going to work on making Mega Man Legends three.
Oh, by the way, we're letting you go.
Or it's like, yeah, that, that is the whole, yeah.
Blessing from a year ago is what he has.
But I mean, now it's just like fans are pissed off that you won't make a mega game.
He won't put Mega Man in Mega Man, you know, ultimate, uh, Marvel vs Capcom three.
And then you pull this fucking shit.
You might as well just dressed up Frank West as Mega Man, cause that would be less offensive
than this.
It's funny watching what's happening because a lot of people are like, like it's really
interesting cause a lot of gamers are looking at this going, not funny.
This is not funny.
Like gamers.
I feel like gamers are like actually offended by that.
Let's let's let's dark soccer.
You just saw it for the first time.
Are you having that reaction to, it's not funny.
I feel like I've got to throw up.
I mean, I'm not, I have a headache now.
I started to have a headache earlier and it was going away as I started to feel better,
but now I feel nauseous and my headache has come back.
Think about Pac-Man as Mokujin, cause that is kind of awesome.
That's Tetsujin.
Oh, I thought it was Mokujin.
It was the metal outfit.
Oh, okay.
Tetsujin means iron.
Ah, got it.
Now Moku would, now listen, I mean, now I can speak Japanese.
Domo Oregato, Mr. Roboto.
Hey, here's another, another lesson.
Moku Yobi is Wednesday.
No one curry.
I mean, I was just going to say that, uh, doesn't Capcom understand that these fucking
characters are not part of Street Fighter or Tekken?
I mean, I understand that they want to do like a SNK versus, you know, a Namco versus
Capcom game or something like that.
But there was a Namco cross Capcom game, but it wasn't a fighting game.
Why didn't they just do, you know, instead of Street Fighter cross Tekken, why don't
they just do Namco cross Capcom, the fighting game?
Cause that's what this is.
Like they had the fucking final fight characters.
They have Cole, which I'm that cool.
You got your exclusive characters for the PlayStation.
Cole isn't either one, but okay.
Whatever.
You know, and, and like Pac-Man stuff, it just doesn't make any sense.
And none for Xbox buy.
The only cool thing about this Pac-Man Pac-Man's adorable.
See right before you watch that trailer, you're like, what the fuck Pac-Man?
Like that's not going to make sense when you're watching it like, Oh, okay.
That's right.
Mega Man.
What'd they do to Mega Man?
That's like the exact same reaction the rest of the internet had.
He's like, not even, you know, kind of lean and mean looking, but he's, it looks like
he's been eating too many donuts.
He looks like Mega Man going through a midlife crisis.
It looks like I put on a Mega Man outfit.
No.
Rob, you would look better than that dude.
Oh, well thank you.
All right.
Next story.
Yes.
I know about some Doctor Who news.
There will be a two Doctor Who games that are going to be on the PC, PlayStation three
and actually there's, there were two, there is a Doctor Who, the eternity clock is going
to come out on March, 2012 and it is going to be a, well it has the silence and apparently
a bunch of the other bad guys who like the Daleks cause you can't have a Doctor Who game
without the Daleks being all over at exterminate.
So next news, um, we're not having a BlizzCon next year.
No BlizzCon.
As in this year?
This year.
Yeah.
That means that I won't be able to do disc on like I did last year.
Oh yeah.
No BlizzCon because apparently they are so busy with Diablo three and the pandas and
the Titan MMO who that they're just not going to do it or they just have nothing to show
us.
I mean, let's be real.
They have nothing to show us.
Everything.
We already know everything.
Titans not ready to show and you know, whatever the next next expansion is for a while.
They're not going to show this or little pandas, but they didn't have a BlizzCon in 2006 so
folks do need to realize it was never supposed to be an annual event.
It just kind of worked out that way.
All pandas I'm going to have you realize I have saved the name fatty cakes to make my
Panda.
I know.
What did I call my mud slapper after it was, you don't, we were playing around the, you
don't know Jack and I think it was, is it one of Baskin Robbins 31 flavors or is it
a term for a fart and mud slapper came up and I'm like, I'm going to name my pandar
in that.
I almost, that's a fart.
I almost did, um, named, named, uh, named her after my would name my Panda after my
current druid.
And they made her pond arena.
Nice.
All right.
That's it for rapid fire news.
I think we've been promising this for some time now.
I think it's time to get into tonight's list list.
Tonight's list list topic is what bullshit rumor will be next about the Wii U Xbox lube
or PlayStation four.
This was inspired by a tweet that was sent to me earlier this week for message J one
hundred, Matt that said the next listless or match game should feature gaming bullshit
rumors because, uh, I was tweeting about the whole ridiculousness of some of the Xbox rumors
that were going around and he suggested that and I said, you know what, consider it done.
So here it is.
What bullshit rumor will be next about the Wii U Xbox lube or PlayStation four.
If you have suggestions, you should yell them out in our chat room at chat, that orange
ready.com because when a host needs an answer, they might consult our chat room and pick
some of our favorites.
Okay.
The way to listless works.
I'll recap for you one time.
Four people are going to participate, so it's going to be us and Alan is in the room.
Hi Alan.
How you doing?
Good.
Yay.
Hi.
What's new.
Skyrim.
Okay.
All right.
So we're all going to go around and name our top three and then we each go around the room
and take one off of the list.
That leaves a list of eight.
You guys in our chat room, then vote on the list of eight to pick your number one and
number two favorites.
And then we have our definitive list of the top three bullshit rumors that will be next
about the Wii U Xbox lube or PlayStation four.
Okay.
All right.
So let's start it off.
Um, who wants to start off, uh, dark soccer is going to start up dark soccer in the air
like I was in school.
Your number three bullshit rumor headset will come out that will send a signal directly
to the brain through a small laser shot toward the optical nerve that will provide an immersive
environment at Andy fork effect, making them easily conquerable by our alien overlords.
So I'm going to shorten that to say board headset.
This the little thing from the Star Trek episode, the game, ah, what console will that be on?
It's Nintendo.
It'll be on the wheel.
All right.
That's a Sony thing.
Okay.
Controlling you.
That would be Sony.
It's always one step closer to the holodeck, right?
Yes.
One step closer to the holiday.
All right.
How about Loki?
Why don't you go next?
Loki?
What's your number three answer?
My number three answer will be that the Xbox lube, uh, to further its immersion with gamers
and stuff will fire, uh, different colored liquids at you, depending on the situation.
Black spray, sweat, pain.
So it will actually, it's going to be liquid vision and it will actually fire shit at you
and get your living room.
And when you're playing a sex game, it's iridescent and foamy and shows up really well under a
black light.
All right.
I'll go next.
My number three answer for next bullshit rumor.
The Xbox lube will introduce a new technology that is 100% hack proof.
Yay.
See what I did there?
I see what you did there.
All right.
So the Xbox lube will be a hundred percent hack proof.
It'd be funnier if it was a hundred percent hack proof by the fact that it's just a solid
steel block.
Like you have to cut through with like welding material, welding tools to get to the actual
like people, people put it on their entertainment centers and then the entertainment center
just collapses because it can't hold the weight.
It's like, ah, don't worry about it.
It's made out of a mystery material from space.
All right.
So, uh, Alan, what is your number three answer?
Microsoft purchases the mega video brand next Xbox cap streaming Netflix in 72 minutes as
DLC two for XBLA silver.
How am I supposed to shorten that way?
They're going to cap Netflix in 72 minutes.
Are you familiar with watching pirate stuff on mega video after 72 minutes, it would say,
we're sorry, you're, you know, you've watched too much, so you have to, and it would piss
people off.
So LOL, if the Xbox did that in some ways, that's funny.
That's trolling the pirates because it's like, LOL, you got a free movie and then trolled.
You don't get to see the ending.
That's kind of funny.
And what was the other half of that?
Also on for mega download, you have to enter a queue to actually download the episode you
want.
And sometimes it would be up to an hour or more.
So if you're an Xbox silver member, you'd have to wait to buy to get your DLC.
All right.
There you go.
Xbox taking some tips from mega video.
All right, let's go to Loki for his number two and I'm sorry, dark soccer was first.
I was going to say, please, I was doing things out of order.
Dark soccer.
Your number two answer, please.
The Wii U will actually have a camera and the controller that maps your face to your
me, but it secretly steals your soul and feeds it to Miyamoto.
They advertise it as having a webcam in it, but it steals your soul.
Now what will Miyamoto be doing with those souls?
Yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, using it to fuel his dark magical powers to make a new Zelda
game.
All right.
Loki, your number two, it'll be Zelda soul force.
Well, I was going to have it be like the Wii U as a VR headset, but that's kind of been
done before.
So the Wii U is the controller.
Like the actual console is the controller.
So you better make sure you don't throw it because that might be bad.
Wait, I put Wii U as a console as a controller.
Don't throw it.
Here we go.
It's gotta be funnier.
All right.
All right, fine.
Okay.
It's a, it is the controller, but it's shaped like a giant, like number one, you know, foam
glove because they're the number one console.
I like the idea of a big number one foam glove being the next controller.
All right.
They're trying to, you know, real in the sports lover demographic.
All right.
My number two answer is that the PlayStation four will actually let you beam yourself into
the grid so you can participate in Tron.
Like IRL reboot and the blind, the show reboot, right?
Is that what you're talking about?
That show?
What was that?
Incoming game.
It was a Saturday morning.
Part two.
It was one of the first police ever.
They had blue faces.
They were purple.
They were purple.
Hold on.
I'm typing this out.
PS four will actually let you beam yourself in the grid.
Okay.
I have a friend that's a really big fan of that show too.
How many years has that been off the show?
All right.
So Alan, your number two answer for next bullshit rumor.
Taking a hint from the PS two emotion engine, the PS four will have an empathy engine chip
that actually really does feel the same pain as you when it's $799 price point is revealed.
Womp womp.
All right.
So the PS four empathy engine actually will feel sorry for Sony when the price point is
revealed.
I don't like that PS four empathy engine.
All right.
Dark Sakura.
It's time for the number one answer is let me, let me recap just so we don't have any
double heads.
Let me recap.
Headset from the game for PS four.
I should put Star Trek.
The game headset from Star Trek, the game for PlayStation four fire different colored
liquids at you.
What console was that loop of the loop lubricating liquid and fires warming gel in your eye.
All right.
Xbox lube is a hundred percent hack group.
Xbox teams up with mega video, which brings caps for Netflix.
The Wii U will steal your soul and feed the Miyamoto.
We use the console is the controller and it comes with a big number one foam glove.
A PS four will actually let you beam yourself into the grid and the PlayStation four has
an empathy engine.
When you hear the $799 price point, it will cry.
All right.
Dark Sakura.
I'm going to laugh number one answer for next bullshit rumor for the lube.
Everyone will be issued a skin implant that has what games they've purchased registered
to their DNA.
That would be the only real way and most importantly, hack proof.
So when you actually go in to give blood samples, they'll be able to see what games you've purchased.
Ooh, someone's been playing X tango.
Okay.
Really?
You bought fusion frenzy.
All right, Loki number one answer.
The PlayStation four will be a co-produced by Capcom.
It will arrive in the shape of the bad box art mega man in the position of where he is
teabagging the consumer as a special thanks from Capcom for your wait, the console or
the box.
The actual console will be in the shape of bad box art mega man.
Think of it as a statue, if you will, uh, where he is teabagging the user PS four co-produced
by Capcom console is shaped as mega man teabag.
It's the ultimate insult or the ultimate troll.
I see.
I see it.
It's all been leading up to this.
Exactly.
All right.
It's a PlayStation exclusive.
You see my number one answer.
President cat is a launch title for the Wii U as a seller that might sell me the system.
Hey, it could happen.
All right.
Hey, an insider source told me they're thinking about it.
Alan, your number one answer.
My ideas kind of fell apart when it came to number three.
So this kind of really is good.
Um, the second gen three DS XL will also double as and work better than the we use controller
tablet from launch comes with a free step of coup blade for early adopters.
So basically the next three years will work with the Wii U and actually be better than
what comes with the new and you can fall on it when you realize how much you paid for
it.
Yeah.
Got it.
All right.
All right guys.
Here we go.
Let's see.
First I got to read off some of the answers from chat here.
I don't know if I see a tiger class says, how about the Wii U introduces a new peripheral
to let you control the dashboard or games, but only using your mind.
Uh, a hum, a hum Kara says Sony and Microsoft secretly joined forces to develop a console
to beat Nintendo since that's the only way that they could win the console battle in
Japan and the worldwide, uh, acidic vampire thinks that in dark soccer's answer about
Miyamoto taking the souls, they'll be transferred to the means.
Let's see.
Uh, tiger class says the Xbox introduces a perfect, oh wait, I already saw that one.
Um, so we said something about the only play MMOs.
There you go.
Some of the answers from our chat room.
All right.
But we, we, you want to change yours.
Yeah.
Get rid of my third one.
I have a new, I are at my first five, my final one.
I want to replace it.
Yes.
So it's rumored that the load up a splash screen for the Wii U is actually a memory
erasing pulse so that they can get you to buy a budget of Zelda and Mario.
So I have the Wii U loading screen erases your memory.
So you rebuy games all over again.
I like that.
Do I, do I own the super Mario three?
I can't remember.
Don't I have Mario three?
I love Mario three.
All right.
Now's the part where we go around and eliminate items from the list.
It's very difficult, but it has to be done.
All right.
Here's the list of stands so far.
Headset from Star Trek, the game for PS4, uh, Xbox lube fire different colored liquids
at you.
Xbox lube is a hundred percent hack proof.
Xbox teams up with mega video caps for Netflix.
Wii U will steal your soul and feed them to Miyamoto.
We use the console as a controller and it's just a big number one foam glove.
The PlayStation four will actually let you beam yourself into the grid.
PlayStation four has an empathy engine price of $799 fuel pain.
Xbox lube skin implant, which purchases registered to your DNA.
The PlayStation four is co-produced by Capcom and the console is shaped as Mega Man teabagging
you.
Uh, president cat has a launch title for the Wii U and the Wii U loading screen erases
your memory.
So you rebuy the games again.
Unfortunately, the list cannot stay in this shape.
We have to tinker with it a little bit and erase those that are unworthy.
Dark Sakura, which of these is unworthy of the list?
I have to go with the, um, liquid one.
Oh, that's just, that's one of my favorites.
The Xbox lube firing different colored liquids at you.
I would love that one, but it is off the list.
Sorry.
Chatters low key.
Which one of these is not worthy of the list?
I take off.
It's a hundred percent hack proof because they will make that claim and unfortunately
it, you know, it's not going to be a hundred percent.
All right.
That is stricken from the list.
Um, I'm thinking, sorry, I don't mean to be quiet.
Um, I'm going to erase.
I'm going to erase.
I'm sorry, Jamie, the headset from Star Trek, the game for the PlayStation four, it went
over my head.
All right.
It is off the list.
Alan, which of these is not worthy of the list?
Oh boy.
Um, looking, looking, the, uh, president cats, a launch title for the Wii U.
I think you just eliminated the one the entire chat would have voted for, but it is off the
list.
What?
That's probably the second or third time I've done that on this list.
I'm not rid of the popular fandom one, so I'm just keeping up with my shitty reputation.
All right, Alan keeps his shitty reputation by striking president cat as a launch title
for the Wii U hit is off the list.
So here it is.
Here's the list.
As you can vote for, please send your number one and your number two answers as a private
message to sky in the chat room, S K I E sky in the chat room.
Here is the list as it stands now.
Xbox teams up with mega video and there's caps for Netflix.
The Wii U will steal your soul and feed it to Miyamoto.
The Wii U where the console is the controller and it's a big number one foam glove.
The PS4 will actually let you beam yourself into the grid from Tron PlayStation four empathy
engine that will feel the pain of a $799 price point.
Xbox lube has a skin implant with purchases registered to your DNA.
PlayStation four is co-produced by Capcom and the old school mega man will teabag you.
A Wii U loading screen erases your memory so you rebuy games.
There is the list as it stands now.
Place your number one and your number two votes in a private message to sky S K I E
in the chat with your vote.
We will tally them up and have the answers for you shortly.
In the meantime, let's go to more news from Loki.
Thank you, Alan.
You can stick around for results later.
Yeah.
Just, just tell chat the reason why I deleted the president cat one is because it was more
about a game than the console.
Justify, justify, justify.
All right.
No, it's fine.
All right.
Moving on.
Uh, there's a rumor that SNK may be releasing a new Neo Geo handheld system.
Uh, not necessarily a Neo Geo pocket, but it's currently known as the Neo Geo portable
device.
Um, and it's a handheld it's, they're saying it's slightly bigger than an iPhone.
It comes with two gigs of storage, uh, plenty of buttons, a 4.3 inch screen, SD card slot,
headphone jack, and AV out.
It sounds just like a dingo to be honest.
Looks just like a dingo.
Um, and, uh, they're saying, um, thanks to official SNK licensing, it comes preloaded
with 20 Neo Geo titles, um, North American versions, including metal slug, fatal fairy
specials, and Goku, uh, King of the monsters and a magician Lord, as well as many others.
I have magician Lord already.
And um, let's see, yeah, it sounds neat.
Of course, you know, this is coming from Famicom Plaza and, uh, SNK hasn't really, uh, confirmed
anything yet, but, uh, it looks neat.
We want interesting, as long as the games are cheaper, that's the most important thing.
Oh yeah.
All right.
Moving on with some other, uh, little Nintendo updates going on.
Uh, Nintendo has apparently, um, I guess they're, they're really experiencing some heavy losses
and it's even funny because the story's so much out there that that one, what is that
Asian company that does all the animations that end up on like Conan O'Brien and stuff
of the news NME?
Is that their name?
I can't remember NMA or something.
Yeah.
Um, they actually did a video on this whole, like Nintendo's losing money thing, but the
interesting kind of silver lining to this is that apparently 15 million 3DS units have
been sold since the launch.
So 3DS has really recovered in many ways, which I seem to remember saying on this show
would happen around Christmas, but anyway, um, here's the thing though, uh, Nintendo
did basically switch their forecast around from a $20 billion profit to an actual loss.
Hey, Nintendo had sales of 7.2 billion for the first nine months of the fiscal year.
And that was a 31% decrease.
And their overall loss was 48.4 billion yen.
That's $620 million, um, quote Nintendo 3DS hardware during the nine months ended December
31st, 2011 were 11.4, 3 million units.
And the total worldwide sales since its launch exceeded 15 million units.
That's in the official press release from the company, uh, Mario 3D land and Mario Kart
7 are million selling titles.
I want to say I've heard they're up to like 5 million actually at this point.
So, um, apparently some of these financial woes are making people think maybe they should
get into more mobile gaming.
There's that whole talk again, maybe Nintendo should put something out on iOS, but I highly
doubt that will ever happen.
Their stock by the way, is currently at a five year low.
So they have a lot riding on them for this E3, in my opinion, um, they're going to have
to impress.
If they don't impress, impress at this year's E3, it's going to be very bad.
Very bad.
All right, moving on, Dark Sakura is going to open up the email bag and read some emails
for us.
Every week you guys send us emails at mailbag at orange lounge radio.com and Dark Sakura
dives into the email bag and reads some of those emails here on air.
I would be able to read them if they would actually go to the email because my computer
has decided to be a bitch.
Okay, there we go.
This is from blade three.
I was interested in your setup a couple of weeks ago because I have a couple of handheld
dynamics that are studio grade that I would like to donate to the show.
I don't have any spare XLR cables unfortunately, but I believe you are likely already using
them.
So if you guys could contact me back, whatever, we can work it out.
Thanks guys.
Fantastic work.
PS.
My grammar sucks lol.
Raffle party limafo.
Heart.
You don't give everyone a hard time.
Heck yeah.
I'll take donations.
We could actually, actually we do need one mic right now.
We could, and actually we could really use two.
So um, heck yeah.
And we have plenty of cables.
Um, so yes, I should have responded to that offline.
Sorry.
I should have taken that out of the mailbag, but yes, we want it.
Now everybody knows our business.
Well, we first had, um, an email from Rubba Bubba that said, um, I looked around for sites
blacking out today, January 18th.
I'm very disappointed.
Sites, um, that could bring a lot more force to the event are not participating.
Google censored their own logo, but I think being blacked out would be more effective.
The only one of my favorite sites that is down is game politics.
Your site was also down when I checked, but something tells me that wasn't on purpose.
Yes it was.
Now we took it down on purpose.
There should have been a message there.
Now there's a PS.
Okay.
Sorry.
Almost immediately after writing the email below, senators and reps are dropping their
support from SOPA and PIPA.
Even the sponsors of the bills, the MPAA, then responded in the most ironic way, accusing
sites like Reddit and Wikipedia of trying to make Congress into their corporate puppets
to further their financial empire.
That is ironic and stupid.
Also the Google protest seems to have caught some attention for linking their censorship
logo directly to a petition with a very cool infographic.
My own opinion is that piracy is already wrong and we have the legal system in place to address
that via due process.
Well, look what happened to that mega video, although, you know, it did take a while, but
that guy's, you know, and a lot of his people are in jail now and not getting out anytime
soon.
By the way, did you know, did you know that that same guy was like the number one call
of duty modern warfare three player like in the world?
He cheated.
Did he?
Yeah.
How'd he do it?
Uh, there's ways.
You don't want to share.
Okay.
No, I just, I don't play quality tomorrow.
Warfare three.
I mean, if it's, I'm assuming it's very much like, uh, uh, you know, the other ones.
It is ironic though that he's getting more time in jail than some rapists and killers,
but you know, welcome to America.
Apparently he used to play like quake and stuff like that and rude rage quit and stuff.
And I don't know, whatever.
I don't know.
I can't really speak for, you know, playing him, so I don't know.
Well, we have one last email.
Oh, and by the way, people who, uh, um, sent me the, uh, master system things, I am, I've
got two of you already and I'm going to be sending those out.
Just let you know.
Haven't forgotten.
Um, I just have to get paid.
Hey, OLR crew, happy new year and congratulations on the move to the new studio.
The show sounds great and it's good to hear Alan is a regular contributor now, although
I have to express my endless, oops, sorry.
The Twitter music started playing my endless sorrow at the retirement of Shermy.
Shermy is not sorrowful.
She has her own room that smells like her butt, except I cleaned.
It's also the laundry room.
I cleaned it.
But you know what?
She's happy.
That room gets warm every time we dry the clothes.
Sometimes a warm towel gets dropped on her as a blanket and she's a very happy girl for
happy girl.
Well, keep in mind guys.
I love Shermy too.
You have to remember, I love Shermy too.
She's a great cat, but we, we do have kitties in the new OLR studio.
It's just that they're not as friendly.
Well, they're, they're pretty friendly, but they're just, they're, they're shy.
So they run out of the room.
They don't want to be in here cause they, they hide, they don't recognize Loki and they
should recognize our soccer, but for whatever reason they pretend they don't and they run
out of the room.
So, but here's the thing.
If you're my 3DS friend, I send out pictures of the cats in 3D all the time on swap note.
So just ask Tiger Claw or Jason if he's listening tonight or Shane I think is in chat.
A few of you are on my Facebook and I put pictures up on Facebook.
Yeah.
Especially Marco walking around with that tail in the air.
Look at me.
My tail's in the air.
Look at my butt.
I love Marco.
Such a sweetie.
Sanrio is very, very, she's, she's a cute little old lady, but she gives me the stink
eye sometimes.
Yeah.
Cause you're another girl.
I know.
So I have two disparate top topics I was hoping that Rob, Jamie and Loki could weigh in on.
No.
The first being the announcement of Resident Evil 6.
Are any of you excited by this news?
Not really.
Um, I don't play the Resident Evil series, so no.
I got out of this.
I got out of the series some time ago, although I did dabble in Resident Evil 4, which was
pretty darn good.
And I really should have committed more time to the game.
And then Resident Evil 5 was like, from what I hear, Resident Evil 6 is a little more like
four than it was like five, which is probably a very good thing.
So I'm, what I want to know is why does the logo look like a chick blowing a giraffe?
Have you looked at the logo?
Wait, let me, let me put it here in chat here.
Well, while you do that, I'm going to finish reading the part of the email.
Are you excited by the news?
I am personally having a bit of a fan-gasm, seeing them bring back Leon, Ashley, and Hunnigan,
as I am a huge Resident Evil 4 fan, but have been playing all the games since day one.
It does kind of look like giraffe.
See?
It's just blowing!
It's a chick blowing a giraffe!
Cannot unsee.
Yes, now you won't be able to unsee it.
There it is.
Oh, Jeffrey, what have you gotten yourself into?
That's what happened to the Toys R Us mascot.
I haven't seen him in forever.
I'm glad he found work on Resident Evil porn.
Speaking of Resident Evil, this leads me to my second question.
And by the way, the last one that I actually played was, uh, that I really actually last
played was Gun Survivor.
The one that was like Code Veronica, Gun Survivor 2.
Oh, okay.
In the arcade.
That was the last one I actually played myself.
So speaking of Resident Evil, this leads me to my second question.
Have any of you downloaded the Revelations demo for 3DS?
No, because I don't have one.
Why yes, I have.
Would you like to play a Dark Sakura?
It's right there.
I have 28 uses left.
Maybe in a bit.
All right.
I was particularly impressed by the graphical potential the 3DS is beginning to show.
With the Vita coming out next month and games for dedicated portable systems trending toward
console level graphics, do any of you feel that at some point the two will intersect?
Well, haven't handheld's always kind of felt like they're just a generation behind.
I mean look at the DS.
The DS is a lot like a Nintendo 64.
Like the 1DS was a bunch of ports in Nintendo 64 stuff.
The Game Boy Advance was a bunch of ports and Super Nintendo stuff.
The original Game Boy.
And I kind of like just having it kind of with the Great
Gameboy especially the color had a lot of NES stuff on it so they're always
kind of you know just a generation behind so I I think I don't know about
the Vita so much I wouldn't say that the Vita is gonna have the potential to play
like PlayStation 3 stuff although it's supposed to be PlayStation 3 quality
graphics yeah because it because a smaller resolution so yeah that's kind
of what I'm talking out here is that because of the smaller resolution you
know your TV when you say 1080p that's 1080 pixels right but the amount that's
on the Vita is less so you can still render high-definition images but just a
lower resolution because it's a smaller picture so he's gonna look really good
but I especially don't know about direct ports I'm more excited about this whole
thing we were talking about earlier with the whole Vita possibly connecting to
your ps3 if you know with with be it hacks or whatever all I'm waiting for is
Grand Theft Auto 5 on the Vita so well there's a little bit more I wonder if at
some point one market might cannibalize the other while I'm personally thrilled
by the prospect of having ps3 slash 360 quality games on the go it seems only
logical to assume that at some point these systems will function as portable
consoles right oh that was really the point he was getting out with that okay
I get it now why not just wirelessly stream the content from the portable
system to the TV in your living room if you want a console style experience and
slip it into your pocket when you don't I understand that the Wii U is trying to
walk the fine line between those two entities but it honestly seems like a
letdown if the remote only works when you were in Wi-Fi range your thoughts
okay I get it so okay the rest email really kind of fills that in so the iPad
too what about it it does just that you can stream content from the iPad to your
Apple TV to your TV I get what he's saying though is that if if the power of
what is taking up all the space in my living room is in my pocket then why do
I need a console but keep in mind that's why console developers are kind of start
I think console developers kind of see this too and I think that's why you're
starting to see things that won't fit in your pocket like connect you know all
these streaming devices that you know will go to your home theater sound
system and so forth and these systems becoming more of like entertainment hubs
but I don't know like for me I don't like playing handheld games all the time
sometimes I want that gigantic you know 34 inch or however big our TV is picture
you know like I would want to play a game like Final Fantasy 13 2 on my
little DS in bed you know I want to maybe sometimes it would be cool like
once in a while for the mundane stuff but the big cutscenes and things like
that I want to see on the hi-def TV you know I don't know I I don't know if one's
necessarily gonna cannibalize the other but it's a very interesting point that
you're making and it's kind of neat that now the the consoles are kind of doing
things that the the TVs are having a hard time like 3d the TVs haven't all
been able to adopt that across the board yet now here we have the 3ds so it's
interesting um a lot of ports then you're gonna continue to see a lot of
ports like the same stuff coming out on the ps3 you're gonna see on the Vita and
the 3ds be interesting yes to conclude yes your loyal olr fanboy tonic vision
who I would love to commend on fantastic grammar and spelling gold star emailer
of the week yep you win the no prize I kai judo in our chat room says my
thoughts is this person plays way too many video games why would you want to
walk around with a PlayStation 3 well I seem to hey I have a nomad didn't do
well that and didn't they used to have that little like tiny screen that you
could plug into the back of a PlayStation one yes make it like it was
an actual thing play it in the car yeah I see you like play in the car and and
didn't somebody in this room make one for an Xbox yeah that had Xbox blew up
by the way like literally put pow yes well it's sort of Wow less less lesser
extent I was trying to I was trying to take it because that Xbox case is
falling apart and so I was trying to put it in the traditional case and the drive
that was in there where the motherboard that was in there there's something
wrong with the power supplies or something and hooked up pop and blew
something so yeah whatever for the record I have a nomad and I have a turbo
Express which with a TV tuner you could hook up your turbo Express to the to the
TV and then you could just take the turbo Express with you and with your
Hugh hearts I really like this comment from bocce kawa and chat and I think
this really gives you something to think about on the topics let me read it again
from bocce kawa at chat orange on twitter.com handheld games are different
to me if I were to pull out Street Fighter on break at work I wouldn't stop
but playing Pokemon at work is quick and easy that's a very interesting point is
think about the types of games that are being made on these systems what is
easier to play on the go and I think I was mentioning this before it might have
been on Bobby show we were doing the call at the end of the Bobby Black Wolf
show as we do every week but I was talking about how tiny tower makes a
great iOS game because you can play it for 30 seconds or whatever and then
you're done like it would be a terrible game to play on PlayStation 3 or
something like that like it just kind of works on iOS and a lot of the stuff that
they kind of try to force on iOS like ports of games like Mega Man 2 or the
Capcom arcade where you can play Street Fighter 2 on the iPhone that's it's it
sucks you can't control it the touch screen thing doesn't work it's it's
terrible so sometimes it is designing about really the right game to go with
the system very interesting all right is that it for emails tonight that would be
it no more emails sad face all right well I think it's about time for the F
use of the week this is the part of the show where we get angsty
if you to the day I've had and not having a tablet
Loki fuck you for the FBI going after mega upload because I actually did have
files they use on there and I also had a paid subscription thankfully wasn't that
long okay it's description but it's annoying because I lost a lot of my
files that's more piracy related at all so yeah that sucks and besides yeah
taking out mega upload really that stopped all the piracy it's all gone
there's not like file sharing sites everywhere else oh yeah you lot of good
job a lot of those file share sites block the u.s. which I thought was
interesting yeah that's I can get you can get around that shit I'm sure you
can't same way you do it in China all right um my F you the week I don't know
I don't really want too many details about it but F you to uncertainty we'll
leave it at that all right uh let's go and do the listless results from angry
to happy listless results here it is as you guys voted the top three to sit
definitive list these are the rumors that are coming next on the or they're
not not true number three answer for the next bullshit rumor about the Wii U the
Xbox lube or the PlayStation 4 number three answer the PlayStation 4 is
co-produced by Capcom and the console is shaped as a Mega Man teabagging you
excellent the number two answer the Wii U will steal your soul and beat it to
Miyamoto yeah and lastly the number one answer the thing this is it is the next
rumor and it's a thing the Wii U where the console is the controller because
it's a big number one foamy glove there it is how appropriate that number one is
number one ah Alan the chatters rejected both your and I answers all the way
because I ruin their fun I pick what they like and then I get rid of it
everybody it's Alan the destroyer of dreams I swear I don't do it on purpose
it's usually after the fact I'm like oh shit but then it's like I don't give a
fuck either so well since you're here is there anything you want to plug real
quick not really anything you've been playing you want a shout out Skyrim more
Skyrim Skyrim Skyrim yes and I cheat I cheat for gold and I'm not sorry did you
take an arrow to the knee yes get out all right all right there it is your
list list for tonight just a few more news stories for you guys and then the
Twitter topics and your calls at one eight seven seven game olr not just yet
we have some more stories for you guys Loki let's talk a little bit about
Resident Evil 6 again other than the fact that the logo sort of looks like
giraffe lacio giraffe lacio it rolls off the tongue is that censored on Xbox
giraffe lacio anyways so apparently it's the largest scale game ever made for
Capcom it has 600 people involved and should be pretty expensive by that you
know but it sounds like that apparently to put the numbers in the perspective
Assassin's Creed 2 and Grand Theft Auto 4 were completed by 450 people and well
450 for Assassin's Creed 2 1000 for Grand Theft Auto 4 so be pretty
significant of course it can also be very buggy who knows you ever heard this
phrase too many cooks in the kitchen mm-hmm I want to know how on earth that
Resident Evil box art got out it's like nobody looked at the work that the
designer did the designer screwed it all up I was trying to get a reaction I'm
not getting anything she's just not paying attention to me I'm sorry what I
said for Resident Evil resolutions I'm surprised that that got out no well I'm
talking about the box art for isn't even you said resident evil in my brain just
went easy Resident Evil revelations that box art went out with a misspelling and
I was surprised how that happened and got out I said the designer didn't check
their work is all the designers fault and the design no blame no I'll tell you
what happened okay well yeah first of all the designer made a typo the
designer should have caught that but also QA should have caught that
marketing should have caught that distribution should have caught that
the end anyhow sorry I didn't mean to derail from Resident Evil 6 but I'm
sure it'll be great even if the logo looks like your a fella show hey steam
has a new iOS client it's in beta right now but I found that it's actually
pretty easy well I don't know maybe I'm just lucky but I tried to log into the
steam iOS app and it said sorry you're not in the beta and I'm like well boo
you whore and I shut it off but then the next day I was like well I wonder if I'm
in the beta yet I don't have an email but I'm just gonna try it anyway and
sure enough it let me right in so I'm able to get into the steam beta app and
here's what it basically lets you do is is basically sorry you're not gonna be
able to like suddenly play Arkham City on your iPhone it doesn't do that okay
you don't actually get to play the games but it's a front end for the store you
can see the stores you can see the sales you could actually of course they want
you to be able to spend your money right there from the you know wallet there's
buy some games but here's something else that's interesting is that you can use
the chat from steam from your phone and I actually was doing that a little bit
like I was on my phone in the other room and I started sending messages to Alan
while he was playing Skyrim I was like lol ghost I'm not there to be doing this
and so he figured out that I must have got into the iOS app but the chat
functionality is pretty cool at least so and you can see what your friends are
playing and I guess you can still look at things like screenshots and videos
all on the go so the good news about that is is that like if you have this
awesome Skyrim bug that you got a video of you could get out your iPhone you
know and say hey look at what happened to me in Skyrim dude and play it and
then you know it's right there so that's kind of cool I bet it's a matter of time
before maybe we start seeing some games so I don't know if it'll be like the
same games you see on but well I guess maybe that can't happen because Apple's
got to have control over all that and they're not gonna exactly let steam just
waltz right in and do that so I guess that is kind of a dumb train of thought
I'm going down but regardless it is neat that the chat is all integrated and you
know what they can kind of tie together is and who knows what might come in the
future who knows all right and dark soccer is trying to get into the app
right yeah maybe I should check and see if they let me in yet you never know
all right moving on dark soccer me oh yeah that's right me how about pixel
junk Eden guess where it's gonna be sting as in Thursday this week February
2nd we will have pixel jump Eden come from coming to a PC on Steam so you can
get it for $9.99 it's the full game and the encore DLC and you can get the
soundtrack separately for six whole dollars ooh six dollars that's a bargain
at half the price I'll wait for the it is a bargain at half the price I'll wait
for the fourth of July sale when it's gonna be 75 cents I know right no pixel
junk are pretty good games so you know and six dollars which I found one of the
pixel junk games for PSP at RC Willie for five bucks what is RC Willie it's
like a big lot no it's a huge expensive furniture store and they have
electronics except they're owned by Mormon so they're closed on Sunday
that's weird well not the Mormon part but the part about the whole like PSP
games got weird all right a couple more news stories for you guys and then the
skype line Loki all right and see the last thing we're gonna talk about here
well last thing I want to talk about is I can online passes and especially it's
not so bad that you know you have like an online pass for a game that has
online content but to call it an online pass for a game that does not have
online content is kind of idiotic but that's what they did with kingdoms of
Amalur reckoning they have an online pass for the game that will basically
unlock this house of valor faction quest line which they came out afterwards
because everyone's going well you know what the fuck you know why I have to I
could actually you know buy this game knew they have you know the actual quest
line for the game you know doesn't make any sense they're saying that you know
we always wanted to put this game or this content out as free bonus content
like free download content that would come later on or something like that but
now it's being you know part of the only past and they were defending that you
know well you know we need to do this because you know fit you generates more
sales and blah blah anyways I don't know I just stopped paying attention when
they're calling it online pass for a non online game what they really should have
done is just put out you know put bonus DLC with your you know first run games I
mean that's honestly would just be a different way of phrasing the same thing
it'd be yes and people will not get pissed off they'd be like you get this
bonus I mean no one's gonna complain oh hey guess what you know what we're
gonna give the people that buy the new game our first content pack of DLC for
free everyone to be like fuck yeah that's awesome thank you for rewarding
you know people for buying it new but then you're saying you know instead that
oh it's just you know it's an online you're making people feel like you're
giving him something as opposed to taking something away exactly that's
what it is yeah but all boils down to yeah so and in 38 studios your community
manager muse needs a fucking learn what you never never ever ever fucking say
that the content was once on the disc even if it was on the disc you never
fucking admit to that because then it is that this is that the same guy that's
like the guy behind it who was like a big baseball player back in the day well
Kurt Schilling is actually the head of the company 38 studio and isn't he the
same guy that's posting online no this is their community manager okay but yeah
he posted online some follow-up to but no he said you know so we wanted to post
a quick clarification for something that we've seen a few comments on for what
it's worth the House of Valor content was not in the finished game disc at one
point and then removed okay so it sounded like before that it was part of
the finished game this but it's not that they're saying that it isn't it's
nothing that we're locking you out of it was supposed to be standalone download
content okay well that's great so it was the situation where it's gonna be free
download content later on but don't fucking call an online pass because it
still implies that you're taking some away I mean I understand that EA calls
their passes online passes but just call it like a voucher for free DLC cuz it's
people won't get as pissed off about that I've heard the demos pretty
dreadful like just because it's so buggy and like they've actually apologized to
the demo and all this and it's kind of like dude why would you I mean I I'm so
shocked that companies allow this to happen like how did that happen if if
people up at the top are so upset and like I can't believe that we put out a
product like that like oh my god why would I be give you give you $60 of my
money to trust that I'm gonna get a good time this is what I've you know said
about download passes and stuff like that even though you're not getting this
extra quest line who gives a fuck I mean seriously we're talking like a bonus
quest DLC thing that you may or if it was you free yeah you probably downloaded
if it was paid if you don't like the game you're probably not gonna buy it
and I don't think you know something like this you should really pay $60 for
a way I mean it sounded like a cool game you know the character artworks done by
you know Tom McFarland which you know that's pretty awesome but it's just I
heard some positive things about it though some people say it's it is the
game that everybody thought fable would be yeah I mean it looks cool and and I
hate to see like games that kind of try something a little bit different you
know sorry was it supposed to be like multiplayer MMO at some point I don't
think so I thought it was like there was supposed to be some type of like
multi-person element in it that went away but I mean I don't know don't let
it the fact that you know this online passes in there because I'd say for like
a game like battlefield or something like that where you can't access online
portion you know demoing it out used without paying for the online pass that
is kind of crippling because you can miss a whole portion of the game that
it's kind of integral I mean people play battlefield 3 for their the online
portion of it but but oh you know if you don't buy those new copies and the
servers don't run yeah that makes no sense but I don't know it's whatever it
is what it is buy it or don't all right lastly for you guys tonight I don't know
as a resident here the state of California this this just pisses me off
but California has agreed that they're gonna reimburse the Entertainment
Software Association just shy of 1 million dollars that's nine hundred and
fifty thousand dollars in legal fees for bright fighting Brown versus the EMA up
to the Supreme Court let's see that the state negotiated that down from the
1.1 million Wow now there was already reimbursements previously for the case
in 2008 this means that California has paid out in total 1.3 million dollars to
the ESA yeah they're raising our tuition it and I quote Senator Yee and Governor
Schwarzenegger wasted more than 1 million dollars in taxpayer funds at a
time when Californians could ill afford it says Mike Gallagher who is the
president of the ESA however we feel strongly that some of these funds should
be used to improve services for California's youth so the ESA is just
kind of like rubbing it in basically now the ESA did say they will donate a
portion of the proceeds from the reimbursement to quote develop
after-school educational programs for under underserved communities in Oakland
and Sacramento hey our backyard this new education initiative will be start in
the spring and quote harness young people's natural passion for playing and
making video games and connecting them to the development of critical 21st
century job skills well while that's all nice and good that the ESA is pouring
some of that money back into you know the community I'm a realist and I know
certainly not all of it is going back into the community and that's my fucking
tax dollars like that just went to the ESA which if I remember right is now an
organization that was supporting SOPA and PIPA and all this stuff and it's
like I don't want my money they're going to draw me for this stuff okay fair
enough they did withdraw but I still feel like in some indirect way I paid to
help lobby for SOPA and PIPA for a short time and that kind of irritates me you
know I'm just I'm I I'm really irritated and I and Senator Yee will not kind of
give up this fight and I feel like he needs to be removed from office by vote
now sadly I don't live in a place that gets to vote for him or against him but
I mean sorry he needs to go he wasted that money and so did the governor but
the governor's already gone thank God that was just a joke I look I realize
they're not a political show and people get very very passionate and personal
about political stuff but I just governor Schwarzenegger was absolutely
terrible for the state I'm sorry he was he was so bad so so bad and if you need
proof here's one of many examples how taxpayer dollars were just fucking
wasted and now it's like the state is fucking broke businesses are leaving
this state they want to talk about upping taxes they're upping education I
mean like you know what's gonna oh you know what's gonna ultimately and oh you
know what's gonna ultimately end Orange Lounge radio I'm gonna tell you you
know what's gonna ultimately end this show one of us is gonna leave California
because we can't afford to be here anymore in our career it was almost that
it was literally almost that yep Dan wanted us to up and move to Washington
and I begged I was seriously in a really bad way over over that potential I can't
do it so I mean you well I won't do it you barely dodged a bullet and you know
you never know if heaven forbid myself Loki or something lost our job and could
only find something somewhere else you know that'll be what ends the show
because California couldn't fucking keep the business here because it's stuff
like this well I mean on top of that they're they're turning students away
now when that's your source of tuition right there you know for at the CS at
the CS level and they've raised the tuition so much yet they won't you know
let more students come in and put some of that money into building larger
facilities and hiring more teachers it's just absolutely ridiculous you know you
know what I'm paying right now in junior college is just under what I was paying
for my four-year school in 95 I'm paying $36 unit hour and I was paying about 42
at the University of South Alabama it's ridiculous no so I know a lot of folks
go Oh California is all sunshiny and all this stuff but it's it's can sometimes
be a little bit sad there you go sorry I didn't mean to be Debbie downer but
that's that's where we live and that's an important story to talk about please
do not let senator you get it reelected he fucked up he won that he would not
let this go he would not let it go and I think he has to pay the price for it
that's that's my my thought let's take calls 1 877 game olr or a username on
skype is orange lounge radio that's all one word the skype line is open and we
are taking calls right now although I don't know after that downer of a topic
people and we might have scared everybody off so let's see if there's
any tweets whoop whoop whoop whoop that's my wacky morning DJ noise here's
let's talk let's do a story about pot that'll make everybody feel better at
least a lot more relaxed make me throw up Tiger Claw has sent us a link to a
story on Kotaku that says hey you might want to get rid of those pictures of you
smoking weed before you unload your Nintendo 3ds and you can imagine where
this story goes somebody bought an Xbox off a Craigslist or GameStop or whatever
what is this um well was from the UK where this happened where somebody
inherited a used 3ds and on the 3ds was a picture of a dude smoking a bong which
I believe is as illegal in the UK as it is here meaning technically it's illegal
but you know most people won't do anything about it but still I mean
fucking if you're gonna sell you system back delete your pictures geez hi you're
an orange launch radio who's this hey it's the one and only Bronva hey I
haven't heard from you in a while what's up not too much I've been around here
and there you know oh I bet you get around what's up um something
interesting that happened to me and Jill video yesterday do tell we played dance
central for the very first time it took you this long I don't have a
connect and my sister who had a housewarming she has a connect in a three
and the 360 after she put her daughter down and the drinking kind of went a
little crazy she suggested a rock band let's do dance central souls like so it
was all like why the fuck not why the fuck not so you you played DDR and dance
games for many years what did you think of dance central I the main reason why
I never played dance central so I thought I would make a fool of myself
still did just it was just as funny but I noticed that to me one song and dance
central is equal to maybe in my normal two or three song dance set and DDR
because when I was done I felt like I was going to collapse well to be fair I
believe the songs are a little bit longer I don't know if they're like
they're not full length of the song but I want to say as opposed to like a
minute and a half it's more like two minutes I think it kind of feels like it
is the full-length song though yeah I mean they get enough of the song in
there that works for me so what what would you think of the songs that were
available I was tripping out when I saw the song list I was like are you
serious mm-hmm have you played did you get to play the sequel dance central to
it all yes yes cuz um we it was sitting there my sister didn't finish that one
so we was all like you know we might as well help her and um popped it in first
song I did with sandstorm Oh Lordy I was like Oh many a con many a con did you
get to see the dance for born this way I I believe somebody did do born this way
it was um it was pretty uh feminine wasn't it yes but what's enough alcohol
it's all good it's all good everything's all good with alcohol that's for sure
so did playing dance central make you go maybe I want to get a connect after all
actually kind of yeah and then we were all talking about like how come cannot
we doesn't do give us power power paradise and I was like well it kind of
gave his dance masters you know what's funny uh I'm glad you brought this up
because I forgot to mention it somewhere else it was on now keys Facebook no no
or you mentioned it as part of the UK releases the rhythm party oh I just
totally missed it cuz I was focused on something else yeah rhythm party is a
game by Konami it's all the people that did dance masters on Xbox Live arcade
and it's uh it's some like I saw the song list now if you had the song list
up but it's seriously like a bunch of Konami originals and then born this way
by Lady Gaga like they finally licensed like a big song and one other one too
that caught my eyes like celebration I think or something let me go let me go
look at now keys Facebook cuz yeah they're gonna they're gonna it's like a
$10 game I'm sure they're gonna put DLC out on it or something but it's coming
out very soon like these it wasn't this week yeah yeah well she read it for UK
releases so I think it's out here too hmm I'm trying to find it where's it
where's it here it is rhythm party born this way every little step by Bobby
Brown YMCA by the village people the des row featuring vanilla ice songs yes
that happened apparently at some point what I would like to hear though and
vanilla ice for real yeah hold on let me see if I can pull this up here des row
was one for those that I loved as well as row was one of the Konami in-house
bands I think so aren't they an in-house band they did cobalt in pop and music
and dancer in 2dx starting it and don't forget is also die kenkai and DDR I
believe yeah oh yeah here we go this is a clip from dance dance revolution 2
which has let's see if
I'm so out of the blue bunky VR stuff I'm kind of ashamed of myself
so what I like it already
actually I kind of like it it sounds pretty good I love does row so
wait a minute isn't there's a song called say a prayer des row featuring
maxi priest isn't maxi priest the guy from faithless no that's maxi jazz maxi
priest is I think it's a reggae singer yeah okay I was like I know I maxi
priest did um there was a song that came out like in oh yeah he's a British guy
Jamaican descent huh but it was like that big single that came out close to
you was yeah song he had huh Wow so I didn't realize des row was doing all
these big collaborations I want to know if they're Konami in-house or not I'm
sure the chat room is like screaming it out here I'm not really paying attention
to chat a little chat huh anyhow sorry I know you didn't call in to talk about
the Xbox game but now you know right and knowing is half the battle exactly
exactly all right well I think I'll look it up all right anything else you want
to talk about with us tonight Rama it depends you want me on the phone for
another five six minutes why what's it about let's see I have a couple other
topics pretty much all right let's try to do one more quick one okay this is a
quick one this turned into like a giant 100 post third on my friends Facebook
there was a discussion about this do you believe that using a strategy guide is
cheating in a game my personal opinion it's not it's not cheating but there's
certainly a reward to some people for being able to do it without it I think
for some people it's more rewarding to do it without it but not everybody gets
that same sense of satisfaction like I definitely used to be one of those
people it's like scuff I don't need a stinkin strategy guide to get through
this game don't insult my intelligence but now I'm like yeah whatever get out
get out the iPhone let's let's pull a game facts and do that I found it hmm
does row is one of the many aliases of Osama me me get era along with D crew
positive MA and MTO does Q represents a collaboration of him and Taku well
Osama is known by his trademark hard rock sound and hard-hitting beats the
songs have appeared in Papa music beat mania beat mania TDX guitar frix
germania and dance dance revolution sorry there you go and just you know
stand in our chat room also says using a strategy guide isn't cheating I don't
think so I don't think so look at all these RPG games and I look at them like
I let me get the strategy guy I cuz I know I'm going to need it and now look
at AC strategy guys they don't really spoil anything it's just like a guy to
tell you how to get through to various levels and half the time if you're
starting to look at as a reference I will say this some strategy guides have
cheats in them mm-hmm so only you know if you looked at that page or not
usually like way in the back there might be some codes to help you cheat so it's
it's only up to you but here's my here's the other thing I would have come back
to your friend with is that if it's a single-player game who cares who cares
if it's a single-player game cheat all you want you're the one that chooses I
had to spend your $60 you know if you want to get there the hard way and get
those rewards then yay but if you want to just you know cheat your way through
it and get the all the video in it or whatever then yay you know whatever you
need to do mm-hmm it's in MMOs but then of course they have strategy guides for
MMOs but I don't consider like I don't consider a Warcraft strategy guide
cheating they bundle it in the deluxe edition would allow that if it was
cheating it's not cheating it's just maps and shit you know and tips yeah
because I said this and I walked away using a strategy guide or game guide is
not cheating well you hacked the game that's when you're cheating I agree with
that and I think we'll leave it at that Rama thanks so much for your call tonight
hey no problem take care buddy you to stay fabulous I will 1877 game olr or a
username on Skype is orange lounge radio go ahead and give us a call we got time
for at least like one more call get in here meanwhile oh I had more tweets there
was at least one we didn't get a lot of tweets tonight a little bit a little bit
disappointed in you tweeters we will read one more from Tigerclaw though
Tigerclaw is always you can always count on you can always count on certain
things in life you can count on taxes you can count on getting ripped off from
vending machines and you can count on Tigerclaw posting two stories for the
olr Twitter every night every Sunday I have Korea is considering a move that
would block miners from playing online games for over three hours something
Tiger call linked us from gamasutra the South Korea Ministry of Education
Science and Technology is reviewing a policy that would ban miners accounts if
they play games for more than two hours consecutively or a total of three hours
in a day what would you think of that what do you think about banning kids
straight up from playing games we're buying you wasn't Ragnarok online that's
a Korean company by the way just you know there already is a law that
prevents children under 18 from playing online games during the late nights but
this would be something else kind of new trying to read through some of these
quotes here if the game industry is really a troublemaker then the related
government should discuss it and provide guidelines to instruct us that was from
a game industry representative who's trying to fight this interesting all
right let's go to the phones take another call hi you're on orange launch
radio who's this look at Zaku here hey Zaku how you doing pretty good actually
just uh resting up right now getting ready for tomorrow's a gruellish work
week tomorrow is a Monday yeah case of the Mondays yeah all right anyways no
you know aside from like having not like calling in a while been busy building
new new PC getting battlefield 3 up and running and just spending most of my
time on that sorry I've been busy having pink eye like a three-year-old wonder if
you can still spread it over the Internet's probably not let's not find
out but yeah I guess aside from like playing Battlefield 3 I kind of noticed
that this whole spat on like you know having to include online passes in games
and the fact that Kurt Schilling's video game company is like still trying to do
damage control of what were how how they ended up describing it it's like it
brings up a fundamental shift in the fact that this wasn't the case like
several years ago even like in the previous generation like Japan was like
the only country that really had had it out for used games to the point where if
I recall correctly a Supreme Court decision over there paved the way for
for retailers actually sell used games like this wasn't like I know it was like
illegal to sell like used games like you know in the early days of video gaming
over there I'm actually with you I remember that I do remember something
like that not here in the US but over there yes I do remember that and so I
guess for some reason or another due to other factors beyond their control I
guess because of like bad economic times and the fact that most gamers are are
starting to become a lot more casual like we're seeing a lot more casuals and
then hardcores to be honest so it really doesn't justify you know having a
demographic that will constantly buy it on day one you know I myself I mean I
try not to buy you know I try to buy it new but if for some reason there there's
no compelling reason whatsoever to get it that quickly I may just opt for a
used copy like most of the other games I bought you know most of them are just
like used the second-hands except for the ones that I bought new like a four
is a four that was definitely worth you know buying just because of the the
value added the fact that it was something that you know they they
offered up not only just an impressive card list but just like some really good
deal see it off the bat well but then you also get like really mediocre games
in which the only way they can really try to draw in people is to try to offer
DLC they'll they'll make up for for a lackluster game then you also have like
a recent example of that and I I know I I'm thinking there's something is this
game my mind where DLC kind of helped add stuff in a game that was kind of
lackluster trying to think right now no it can't be Mortal Kombat that game the
game was pretty good on the online pass but it's like the whole notion of trying
to trying to stifle another industry like you know GameStop I guess that
that's where they're I guess my point is like they really I guess in the next
generation we won't we probably won't see GameStop I give it like another five
years before they're like calling it quits because they because once
technology gets better to the point where where Microsoft could actually pull
off a system that detects use game copies then you know to the point where
it may not be you know may not it may not be like a viable to even like sell
any of those new copy you know any of those copies anymore that's assuming
the system is successful and I kind of think I think the consumer base at large
will reject a system with those types of restrictions in place then again it
unless of course those restrictions are like you can't play use copies at all
which would be suicide for for that manufacturer anyway but something that
basically instead of having a paper printout of a of an online passcode
something that gets activated for that particular account you know like if you
you you run the disk once and you need you need like a like an account I guess
like a gold account or something on an Xbox Live where it would detect that you
already ran this particular copy of the game and you get that online pass so any
other person running that game afterwards for a different account will
have to pay so something like that which is which takes a sting out of a
draconian system that would just prevent use games from playing at all well and
it's also insulting when I pay $60 for the game and I'm paying this premium you
know I get with 99 cent or dollar 99 games you know that's a digital license
or whatever but like you know with $60 I want my physical copy that I could take
to a friend's house this is ridiculous you know at some point the consumers are
going to say no to that so I I think that whole thing was a load of bullshit
I understand but it has to be at a point where it gets really bad right now it
really isn't because you know what most gamers don't really care they'll just
they'll just know that if the game is like really good and it's and it has
good reviews and it's getting a lot of buzz that they'll line up outside of
GameStop or Best Buy to get it day one. So why was the PSP Go not successful?
Well I guess it's it's it's a factors in in the sense that it was all digital
like people want and you're right you do bring up a point of having to wanting to
own your you know the games that you buy and I kind of have to go through the
same thing with Steam in that all the PC games that I that currently own are all
digital so you know but I know. I know very sorry sorry to interrupt but I know
very few people that spend like $50 to get games on Steam there are some
there's some. I only buy on the sale or unless I really need to have that copy. Everybody buys Steam stuff on the sale
because it's dirt cheap and so you don't mind that you're not having a physical
copy because but there are certain times where I did buy the game for price like
there were certain times where I actually like how to like suck it up and
buy those games full price. I bought one. I bought Civilization 5 at full price
that's it. Like right now I'm gonna have to buy Skyrim full price because you
know what the sale wasn't like it was it was not low enough in the sense that I
could probably pick it up cheap later on but if I wanted to play it right now
would have to suck it up same thing with Battlefield 3 I bought that full price
it was Origin but nevertheless I bought it I didn't I didn't wait for it to go
on sale I wanted to play that now and I still haven't bought the the expansion
bag yet. I just want to point out you don't have to shop around a little bit
because Steam is charging $59.99 still I think but I looked at Amazon for $47.46.
Well that's the thing that Battlefield 3 is only on Origin anything other than
Steam remember that whole spat where EA wanted to like you know because of what
Valve set up in their terms that they took most of their games away out of Steam
and into Origin. Why get a digital copy then? Well because it sucks having you
know it doesn't make a difference if it's activated through Origin because
that's that's where all EA games are going you know at this rate so even if I
have a digital copy only be tied to my Origin account just like Steam. Alright I
gotta wrap up and let you go buddy but we'll hope that gaming manufacturers get
the right idea what we really want. Alright yeah definitely have a good one.
Alright you too buddy. Alright that's gonna do it for the Sky Flying tonight.
We're running a little bit over tonight so we're gonna wrap it up and get on out
of here but first I want to go around see if there's any last-minute stories
Dark Sakura or Loki? Meh. Nothing I really wanted to talk about. No? I know like
Dark Souls you wanted me to mention there was some gaming chair so not even really
gaming chair but like some PC pod chair thing that you know that someone's
trying to sell it it's really expensive and sort of looks like you know some
immersion rig from you know Ready Player One or something but uh oh yeah yeah I
saw that you know I was expensive you know and there was another story that he
posted that was interesting about the whole like world record somebody spent
like 40 hours trying to beat some DDR record and got denied by Guinness but it
was a little bit too busy of a Newsweek to fit something like that in especially
you know DDR's. I saw one that was also I was it Jimmy Kimmel or not Jimmy Kimmel
uh Jimmy Fallon did some really stupid record a while back where most consoles
played in a minute you know something like that were like I don't even know
how you arbitrarily do that because it's like press a press a press a press it's
not even they have to do something for a second I don't even know what the
requirements like WarioWare in real life. It's stupid but then someone else
apparently beat their record or they claim to beat the record with 13 consoles
played I don't know it's dumb I mean that's you can't have a record on that
because there's what are you gonna say that you it can constitutes playing just
like pushing pause and I mean pushing a I don't know we have had 16 consoles on
in my house before well you need to do WarioWare IRL where you just run
around all those you know and do do something for a second on each one do
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo all right we're gonna go around wrap up the
show and get everybody's final thoughts so where do we start Dark Sakura thank
you for being here as always do you have a final thought for our listeners
tonight? Al. You heard. I'm gonna go have some strudel. Delicious. Loki your final
thought tonight? Um I really should play some more Little Big Planet 2. I agree
with that I hear that I just probably won't. My final thought tonight is wow
wow wow more wow wow wow wow that's gonna do it for another episode of
Orange Lounge Radio tonight thank you guys so much for downloading our show
and checking us out we really appreciate it again if you like what you hear here
at Orange Lounge Radio please tell a friend about the show because it
word-of-mouth is the only way we have really had advertising for the past like
10 years so you know thanks leave us a nice review on iTunes to hopefully
counter some of those one-star reviews that were threatened by folks at Loki
earlier this evening and you know say nice things about us on the internet and
help spread the word we really appreciate it it goes a long way to grow
the OL army our little family here thanks again you guys so much for
staying up late and listening to Orange Lounge Radio that's gonna do it for
another episode we'll be back next week to talk about the news big games coming
out this week for those that are getting them enjoy them we'll come back to talk
about them next week I want reviews bye guys
you've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange
Lounge production to join us for a live show visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights
at 6 p.m. Pacific time the views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge
Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge
Radio or allgames.com but we're probably right anyway see you next week
