Tonight, January 15th, 2012, Kid Icarus Uprising will come with a bundled accessory.
A new PC gaming tablet is shown at CES, and can Apple IOS gaming actually save your life?
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live with the 442nd episode of our show for this January the 15th of 2012.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'll be joining you tonight with my co-host, actually, I won't
be joining you with Dark Sakura tonight, sadly, Dark Sakura is off.
She unexpectedly had something come up where she is in San Francisco tonight, doing some
friend stuff, so she's not here.
So sadly, she will not be joining us tonight, but we always like an excuse to say hello
to Salacious Pop, who's filling in tonight.
As always, as usual.
Who's kind of become the Joan Rivers of our show, the always fill-in host when Johnny
Carson was gone.
That reference is way too old for any of our listeners.
If I tried to hide in the office while you were recording, I'd just get knock knock knock.
The show only has two people tonight, you have to help.
Do you really want this show to be a complete failure?
Actually, no.
Loki and I have done a show alone before, but it's more fun with three.
It was fantastic.
Three's a crowd.
Oh yes, there he is, Techmaster Loki is here tonight.
I'm here.
How are you doing, Loki?
Thankfully, Alan came to the rescue with barbecue sauce, because McDonald's, you know, if the
sauces have green covers, they must be the same, right?
Because habanero is just exactly the same as sweet and sour sauce.
And of course, always joining us, our chat room at chat.orangeloungeradio.com, because
you know, we do tape live every Sunday night at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com, home
of such shows as Bobby Blackwolf, who's on before us every week, Video Game Outsiders,
Dead Pixel Live, whole bunch of shows, there's a whole roster of shows.
I'd name them all, but I would fill up the three hours.
So check that out at allgames.com.
Let's see.
And going to our live chat room, who's always with us, Tigerclaw starts us off saying, oh,
tonight's show is a sausage fest, I guess, if you want to look at it that way.
But we will have chatter comments, and I know there's some lovely ladies that chat with
the show, and then of course, Twitter, and hopefully phone calls later.
So you know, it'll be ladies' night on the Skype line, hopefully, we'll get some women
to call in.
But you know what?
No matter what your gender is, we're all gamers, that's what it's about here, video games,
the gamer lifestyle, and the show where every gamer has a voice.
Tonight before we get into our gaming weeks, you know, we usually do a little bit of topics
at the start of the show.
We're up against the Golden Globes tonight.
It seems like having a show on a Sunday, we're always up against some stupid award show.
Oh, that's tonight?
I totally didn't even realize.
I didn't know either.
Yes, the Golden Globes is tonight.
I mean, honestly, guys, I mean, are you really gonna watch the show?
Just read it tomorrow like everybody else.
I will say this is that the whole Ricky Jervis thing where he's like a total like asshole,
but like, it's funny, like, you know, he just says what everybody's thinking like that part
will be cool.
But I know that all the good zingers will be hosting I'm assuming Oh, yeah, like remember
that whole thing?
Like he's not going to come back to host he's not gonna he was disrespectful and he did
not represent our point of view.
And it's like, oh, shit, people love it when he trolled so highest fucking ratings in like
10 years.
Dude, seriously, if you want your show to have great ratings, just fucking get Neil
Patrick Harris to host it.
Okay, he can host anything.
That's the Tonys.
But yeah, I don't care.
He can host anything.
And he's awesome.
Neil Patrick Harris is awesome.
But anyway, thinking about movies had me thinking about the fact that I will tie this into gaming,
I promise.
Um, over the weekend, Alan and I have a new year's resolution this year, actually, this
was actual or I should say, Alan has a new year's resolution that I've been, and we use
his term at work, volun told.
That's where you weren't.
That's where you didn't volunteer for you that volun told so I got volun told for this
new year's resolution.
But I liked it.
So I went along with it.
So what is the new year's resolution?
It's something I've done in 07 or 08 that worked really well.
And it's to just see one movie in theaters a month, regardless of what's out.
One movie a month in theaters.
Yep.
So and that's good.
Because last year we saw like two movies the entire year.
We saw Tangled and Black Swan and those were both done by February and we didn't see a
whole other movie.
I got my movie for February already, but I haven't gotten a chance.
I definitely need to go see it or sneak out to see it.
Wait are you doing the one movie a month thing too?
No, but there's a movie in February I want to see.
What is that?
I don't remember what it's called.
It's the one that was, no no, I can't remember what it's called.
It's the one, it's basically the found footage thing, but it's like these three guys become
kind of, they like get superpowers or telekinetic abilities and stuff like that.
One of them becomes evil.
It's like almost like the plot for Akira but in the United States.
But it looks really cool.
I swear I have never heard of that ever.
I'll find you a trailer.
It's really cool looking.
Interesting.
No, I think our February movie we already decided is going to be the borrower's Miyazaki
version.
Yeah.
The Studio Ghibli.
Yes.
Or I guess it's technically not a Miyazaki film, Studio Ghibli.
So it's the secret of Arietty or something.
Yeah.
So, but anyway, anyway, we keep getting off track.
The movie we did see for this month for January, you know, this is a very manly weekend for
movies.
There's so much out there.
Joyful Noise.
I'm sure everybody ran right after the big 49ers game yesterday to go see Joyful Noise.
But we went to go see Beauty and the Beast 3D, you know, another very manly pick with
all the football games this weekend.
Yeah.
But you know, come on, it's Disney.
And you know how I feel about Disney and Beauty and the Beast really is one of the better,
you know, Disney movies they did kind of part of that whole 90s Renaissance.
So they did the whole 3D thing and we took our friend Victoria, who I think was on the
show a long time ago, none of you guys probably remember her, but we all went and for three
of us, it costs $51 to see Beauty and the Beast 3D, which is, you know, whatever.
It's an event.
Was the 3D worth it?
No.
That's the point I wanted to get to.
Absolutely.
Positively not.
And I have decided that is the last time I'm going to see one of these post-conversion
3D movies.
Even then I'm kind of over 3D, like 3D was really cool and Tron and actually Tangled
was pretty good.
I got to say, you know, but like Beauty and the Beast, I'm sorry, there were maybe two
scenes in the entire movie that were slightly enhanced with 3D.
And one of them, of course, is the ballroom scene.
You guys all know the ballroom scene.
Well, that's the only one that they actually rendered with a computer.
They could do 3D on that.
Exactly.
Exactly.
So they re-rendered it or whatever.
Um, and then there was the, um, uh, Be Our Guest.
They did some neat, there was like one shot in Be Our Guest where I was like, Ooh, 3D.
And that was it.
Oh, and there was a Tangled short beforehand that was really good.
So, you know, whatever.
Yeah.
But, oh my gosh, there's like this rush of 3D movies coming out this year that are all
just fucking 2D conversions.
Okay.
I remember the name of the movie now.
Chronicle.
I haven't heard of it.
I guess I'm just, this is why we need to see more movies.
We can do an awesome, uh, bit of radio here and I could show you the trailer.
This is what happens when Dark Sakura is not here.
When it becomes a sausage fest, we can't stay on the topic of games.
Now it's the movie show.
Okay.
Well, I was happy the fact, cause I mean, I don't know if you read, they were talking
about doing a, you know, live action Akira, you know, it was going to be terrible cause
it was going to be in the United States and just made no sense whatsoever.
But, um, this actually looks pretty cool.
And uh, let's see here.
Before I get to that, uh, let's see, Chizuro in our chat room says $51.
Fuck that shit.
I would require to see some of Bell's Disney titties.
There were no titties.
It's a Disney movie.
Come on.
All right.
All right.
Let's see.
Oh, am I really going to watch this live on air?
Am I really derailing this show?
Cause you know, I was trying to turn this all into a 3d games chat, but hold on here.
Let's go back in and look.
All right.
I'm looking at this trailer.
This is a two minute trail.
I can't watch all this.
It's going to derail the show too much.
I'll watch a little bit.
We'll just watch part of it.
All right.
I'm going to get this on camera.
So what is this all like shot like Blair Witch project style?
Uh, not exactly because they give me a countdown.
The guy that doing this is, you know, using some common sense, figuring out, you know,
this day and age people know how to operate a camera.
Oh, I see.
So it's more like a, uh, like people with their own iPhones.
Whoa.
That was like a full road dog moment there right there.
So they're making a teddy bear dance with telekinetic powers and they're moving a car
with their mind.
Maybe fast forward it a little bit.
So it's a movie about bros that get magneto powers basically, right?
It's not a game.
Stop this right now.
This looks whatever.
All right.
Sure.
It's cool.
Whatever.
Whatever.
I'll get it on Netflix if nothing else.
Um, what I want to, okay.
So yes, my point was before I got so rudely derailed, um, they're converting all of this
2d stuff into 3d because there were how many previews before we saw beauty and the beast?
Like 11 billion.
Right?
Yeah.
And it's finding Nemo back in theaters, star Wars, episode one back in theaters, finding
me Titanic back in theaters, Titanic is stupid, but, uh, finding Nemo makes sense because
it's all CG just re render for two points of view and the 3d will probably be pretty
good on that.
Yeah.
But finding Nemo, I'll give a little bit of a pass, but I'm not paying 51 bucks to see
it again.
I'm sorry.
It'll be on blu-ray.
I could buy the blu-ray for half of that.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
So I'm kinda, but yeah, it basically anything CG animated is going to be perfect for 3d
because you can render it.
You can re render that so that it's 3d cause you just have to add some more camera angles.
Uh, tiger claw in our chat room at chat.onorshaunter.com says it's Cloverfield, but with super powered
teens at the Cloverfield might be a good, good analogy.
I don't know, but here, here was my point is that, you know, they're converting all
this 2d stuff into 3d and I got, I have to say the star Wars one, I mean, let alone that
it's episode one, which was not a high point for the series.
It didn't look that good to me.
Like, yeah.
Do you agree?
Alan?
I do.
It was just kind of like, like it looked like it was kind of post production stuff.
I mean, and I can't imagine how terrible the ones from the seventies are going to look
with the whole post 3d.
So I mean, I guess cool that is back in theaters for those that want to see it in 2d, but anyway,
my point was now we're getting into more 3d games, right?
And like 3d is kind of where gaming is going.
And my thought is inevitably, inevitably there's going to be a point where we're going to start
seeing games re-released in 3d.
Wait for it because right, we had the halo collector or what halo anniversary edition
this year, right?
Which was the high definition remake of classic games.
That's that's where the industry is right now.
Right?
We get all these high definition remakes.
There's a little bit.
There's a little bit of clarification though, there there's some HD remakes that are kind
of cool where they take the game, remake it in a whole new engine.
That's fine.
The new art department, the final fantasy 10, which despite how you may or may not feel
about final fantasy 10 in the series, the fact that they've come out and said they are
remaking it.
It is not an upgrade.
Okay.
Now like stuff, for example, the Melger solid collection or the, um, like even the God of
war stuff is not really a new, I mean, it's mainly the Melger solid, so, cause that, that
looked really blurry and kind of weird, but there's that silent Hill one coming out in
March.
That's really weird because it's kind of just uprezzing, but they had to do all new voice
acting because of the legal troubles that the, uh, one of the guys in the prior voice
cast.
Silent Hill's dead.
I mean, seriously, that, that series, I can guarantee the new game's going to be terrible.
I mean, it just, it's not, not what it used to be.
They try and they try and they try to figure out what people want and it's just, they get
it wrong.
Every time a game grew in our chat room says Rick rad race.
I almost said Ridge racer Ridge racer.
I'm sure that'll be in 3d at some point too, but he's saying rad racer 3d here.
Remember when the NES games were in 3d remember rad racer, you push select and it would do
the red, blue 3d and there was one other, there was 3d world runner, I think was the
other game.
It was like actual 3d, but it was, it was really, really bad 3d.
You know, it was eighties 3d.
Well, they could easily do that now.
First time we were in this phase.
Well, doesn't Arkham city kind of do like a 3d like that?
Not red, blue, but they do like the other type of glass.
They have that available and they also have actual 3d.
Yeah.
But yeah, it's the, but although that technique is supposed to be to the point where the colors
don't get all messed up from it.
I don't know if that's true or not, but it apparently the glasses, I haven't actually
used them are supposed to preserve the colors so that even though it is the green and kind
of magenta, it's still okay.
So how long do you guys think before 3d remakes become a big craze?
And let's not forget, we did, this is already happening.
If you doubt what we're saying, remember what was the big thing on the 3ds last year?
Zelda 3d was like the only thing on that console worth having for awhile.
And of course there was the star Fox remake as well.
So they're already starting, but it's not even really, they're not even really necessarily
putting that game in the 3d.
It's just, it's once again, it's a new camera.
I don't think that you're going to, you may see some more games ported to, um, to that
system.
And I wouldn't be surprised if super Mario, you know, um, 64 ends up being one of those
cause that makes sense.
But um, I just, that's the shit they should leave for virtual console.
I just don't think they're going to, I don't think that's really going to be that popular
because people don't really care about 3d on consoles right now.
They have it there so they can kind of say, Hey, look, we support 3d and stuff, but it's
not mainstream yet to where everybody has 3d TVs and everything.
Cause even the 3d TVs, I mean the content out there is not very good so far.
So I don't think it's going to be a major trend.
You will see a ton more HD collections though.
Everything's going to be fucking taken and put in the HD if you will.
Yeah.
But especially when we get into the next series of, um, you know, consoles is 3d inevitable.
Like is, is 3d gaming really the future eventually, but I don't think it's going to be something
that they, no, they may re release a bunch of stuff for it.
Why not Alan, you're looking like you're dying to comment.
I think that it should be available with the next generation of consoles, but if they just
say this is it, like telling the consumers what they want rather than just seeing what
the consumers want themselves.
I don't, I don't care about 3d games because you've got the TV and the glasses and all
that horseshit.
It's like, don't stop it.
Going to our chat room at chat.orangeloungeloungeradio.com, uh, Kaijuto says, I have a 3d video convert
and I watched the star Wars movies in 3d episode three look good with all the crazy colors.
You mean those blue rays are already in 3d?
I mean, the other thing about beauty and the beast, that shit's been on 3d blue rays since
November.
And when I found that out, I was like, Oh, well that was, you know, that some HDTVs already,
the 3d HDTVs will convert 2d stuff into 3d.
Oh my gosh.
But a lot of it sucks.
Uh, alpha canandagram says they did smooth the heck out of Zelda 3d.
Well, they better.
I mean, it's going to be on a, it looked like shit if they didn't do something to it.
Steph on the N64 was so fucking ugly.
I don't care how nostalgic you are for the game.
It was an ugly system.
The games on it looked like shit.
It doesn't matter though.
I mean, that system's old and that system was meant for, you know, standard definition
TVs.
And of course you have the scan lines and everything.
So you would better do something to it cause it'll look like crap.
Uh, let's see.
Calfa or excuse me, Kaijuto in our chat room says they make way too many bucks in the video
industry to really care about alpha canandagram 3d.
I don't know why he said it that way.
I think alpha canandagram must've made another comment earlier, but, um, yeah, I was thinking,
wait a minute.
I don't know if the video games industry is necessarily doing that well.
I mean, I know we've heard about the movie industry was in a little bit of a slump this
last year.
Um, of course there wasn't a lot of great, great movies outside of, you know, like what
the Harry Potter and you know, a couple other things here and there, um, that people really
wanted to see.
But video games, I seem to recall reading a story this week that December did not treat
the gaming industry very well, especially if your name was Nintendo, uh, we Nintendo
wheat specifically, I guess 3ds obviously is, is, has made a huge rebound, but Nintendo
we, as we all figured would happen, what's, what is there on the Wii right now?
There was no title for it this Christmas and they paid for it.
Well, here's the vape.
No, they had fortune street to be fair.
They had fortune.
Like I said, they had no title on it.
This, I mean, apologies if you're a four team out two weeks after Zelda.
Okay.
So what do you need?
That's right.
They had skyward sword.
I forgot that skyward sword, but here's the, see, it got lost because, okay, but for real,
it got lost amongst the Skyrim, the saints road, the, you know, just, it was a huge year
this year.
Well, here's the thing too.
One game wasn't enough.
I got it.
I got to tell you, here's the thing.
The Wii, not a lot of stuff coming out for it.
I mean, yeah, they've announced Mario party seven and a rhythm heaven fever, but those
are the Nintendo first party stuff.
Third party.
There's not much for the Wii right now.
There's a bunch of games that have been delayed forever that have just still floating around.
But I mean, if you look at the release list, as far as Wii titles are concerned, it's pretty
dead.
And that's kind of a sign that, you know, it's, they're going to stop making Wii games
soon enough.
I did find it nice or refreshing.
I should say that EA has finally dropped the PlayStation two as far as some of their sports
games are concerned.
They usually do a Madden game, even though, you know, no one's really playing PlayStation
two stuff anymore.
But they did one last year and actually they did an original Xbox in 2010, even though
that system had been done for a while.
And the PSP is going the same way too.
So the PSP is going to drop off the face of the earth this year.
And obviously PlayStation two already is, but I think the Wii is going to drop pretty
fast.
It's going to be gone by the time the Wii U comes out, or at least, I mean, they may
be putting out a couple things, but it's going to go kind of the way the PlayStation two
is right now.
It's going to be like Disney channel games and you know, just kiddie stuff.
Not even necessarily that, it's like really, really small third parties that, and that's
all that really have, like, yeah, like Kokum, Oxygen Games, you know, Crave.
They have a few games coming out, but they're, I mean, I don't know when they're coming out
because they keep getting delayed and delayed and delayed.
But it's not anything really mainstream.
Although, like I said, Nintendo does have Mario Party 7, which is kind of like eh, and
Rhythm Heaven Fever, which I know some people are looking forward to, but it's not anything
like a mainstream peel.
Mario Party will have a mainstream peel, but Rhythm Heaven, most people could skip that.
All right.
As if I didn't look like a big enough idiot forgetting about Zelda, I have a little correction
to make here.
Shane's listening and he's a huge Silent Hill fan and linked me to this thing that's on
the Silent Hill Facebook.
Apparently, the original voices will still be in the Silent Hill collection for Silent
Hill 2.
And you're going to be able to switch back and forth between original voices and new
voices.
But Silent Hill 3 will only have the new voices, but they will be, I mean, in my opinion, 2
is the better game, but I know 3 has its huge fans, 3 was a great game too.
And they say in their official little release here on Facebook, quote, unfortunately due
to factors both technical and logistical, Silent Hill 3 will be presented with new voices
only.
Yeah, technical and logistical.
And legal.
Cha-ching!
Money!
But there you go.
All right.
Anyhow, okay, enough talk about 3D and all that stuff.
Let's move on.
Let's talk about our gaming weeks and the stuff that we have been playing this week.
Usually Dark Soccer starts us off, so I'll let Salacious Pop go.
Let's see.
I'm sorry, Alan.
Yeah.
I keep forgetting, you go by your name now and not an online name.
Well, it's just, it's too wordy to say over the air.
Fair enough.
The two big games I'm playing right now, aside from WoW, and I am playing a little bit more
WoW than I was, is Skyrim and Dragon Age 2.
I'm trying to juggle between the two of those.
Since I got the DSi XL for Christmas, I've also been playing, oddly enough, Legend of
Zelda Phantom Hourglass.
The stylus-only controls are actually really good, they did a good job on it.
I have the little feather-shaped stylus as the pre-order bonus, so I got it when it was
brand new.
And I'm only just now playing it.
It's like a five-year-old game.
A six-year-old game.
But yeah, it's pretty good.
Played some Puyo Pop Fever in the car today.
So yeah.
In Skyrim, I'm at about 40, 41 hours.
I've got an orc, he's mace, one hand, and a shield, so he's kind of like a tank.
Sort of basic and boring, but at least they just beat up on things and they die.
Yeah, about 40 hours, level 25, level 26.
And I did cheat to give myself gold because I could not take being broke and always being
in my inventory cap anymore.
So clearly you're a PC player.
Yeah.
Have you experimented with any of those mods, like the ones that are supposed to enhance
your performance?
Yeah, I have a world map replacer that shows me where all the roads are in a way that isn't
like all fakie and it's not too obtrusive looking.
So I've got a map replacer for the world map, so I don't get quite as lost.
Which is cheating.
Well, yeah.
That is absolutely cheating.
Absolutely cheating.
If you dodge the giant camps, you're cheating.
If you follow the compass, that game will just take you right off cliffs, and I'm like,
no, I gotta go, here's the road that goes around, I'm gonna take the road.
I find that when it directs me towards a mountain, I just go straight up the mountain, just keep
hitting jump and pushing forward and you'll eventually clear that mountain.
Attaboy.
So yeah, I have a map replacer and the best add-on for Skyrim, and it sucks that console
users can't do this.
Your favorites, like the spells and the items and the weapons that you put the little star
by so you can just do your quick select menu, there's an add-on for that that organizes
everything, and then also just a bag manager.
So I can sort stuff by weight and see like, why am I always at my weight cap?
What the fuck do I have that's so heavy?
And then I can sort by, oh, these only weigh a pound, but I have 70 of them, so I can put
that at the top and then sell them off.
That's what happens when you collect cheese wheels.
Yeah.
And the bug that I had that I mentioned on last week's show did fix itself, I think I
mentioned that too, where everyone in Dragon's Reach hated me and thought I was a murderous
criminal, but yet the guards in the town were like, sup bro, what you doing?
Like your armor, bro.
And then the Jarl and his little dark elf bodyguard were like, fucking get him.
And I'm like, I didn't do anything.
This game is bugged as hell.
Yeah, that's fine now.
All right.
Vidpower in our chat room says, performance enhancing mods.
It's the steroids of Skyrim.
Eh, that's a good comparison.
Well, I haven't used the dev console in any way to give myself stats or points or skills
or anything.
Just, I got myself enough gold to buy a house with some chests in it to throw my shit in
and that's it.
Did you fuck Lydia yet?
No, I don't have a, um, I don't have a spouse.
You know you can buy the house with actually spending the money.
Oh really?
See, I don't want to use the exploits or the invisible chest either.
I'd rather just give myself 20K gold and then I'm done.
Hey, if they didn't want me using that, they could patch that out right away.
But apparently they still want me to use it.
I think part, part of the fun, I think they realized that part of the fun with the sandbox
game like Skyrim is people hacking it and fucking with it.
So I don't think Bethesda is going to patch that out.
If people are having fun with it, they don't care.
It's not an online game.
That's probably a big part of the reason why they're not going MMO with it, at least right
now.
I think it's inevitable.
There's an elder scrolls MMO.
Oh my God, that would be the buggiest piece of shit ever.
It's going to be a beta test for six years.
Yeah, right, like they'll beta test anything with that.
It's good.
You sure?
Did you check?
Yeah, yeah, it's pretty good.
And Dragon Age 2 is awesome, but it's hard to juggle two meaty games like DA2 and Skyrim.
All right, let's move on to Loki.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was pretty good.
I just played mainly Call of Duty, Modern Warfare, and Skyrim.
Skyrim I'm mainly talking about because no one wants to hear about Call of Duty, Modern
Warfare.
So I have to say one of the best weapons in the game, I don't know if you've come across
this yet, Alan, but the Wabbajack.
The Wabbajack is awesome.
The Wabbajack is a staff that casts, or it transforms things into random things.
So for example, you can cast it on people, and the first time I hit somebody with it,
it kind of went all Scott Pilgrim and they exploded into coins, or it turns them into
a rabbit, or into a daedra, or a goat, or makes them invisible, or just all sorts of
crazy stuff.
So that's a pretty fun weapon to mess around with.
And then, actually the quest to get that was also really weird, which is pretty fun.
But yeah, the game is still really glitchy for me, I just gave up on that one quest that
I can't get to the person because they're under the map.
Just like, well there's no way to get this person, so to hell with this.
And I'm still having fun with it, I'm level 41 I think?
Maybe a little further along than that, I don't know, but I think I capped out a few
different skills already, my blacksmithing I know, alchemy, and some other stuff.
It's still fun, I just didn't play any this weekend, although I probably will tonight.
But yeah, still wasting tons of time in that game, I think I have 90 hours in it now.
Alright, anything else?
No, that's all I play this week.
Alright.
My Gaming Week, yeah there's really nothing new out right now, so I've kind of been revisiting
a lot of older stuff.
I fired up PlayStation 3 and I was like, I want to play something that I haven't beat
on PlayStation 3 yet.
And so I put in 3D.GameHeroes, which is what, about 3 years old, but that was a fun little
game, so I put that in to kind of go back into that world.
Which if you've never played it, is the Zelda, I don't want to say rip-off, because I called
it that somewhere else and somebody was like, it's not a rip-off, it's more inspired by
it, and I'm like, okay, but it really is like Zelda.
So fine, inspired by Zelda.
I'm sorry, I didn't remember one thing I played.
Oh, shut up.
Very quickly.
Alright, what?
Mole cart for the iOS.
Oh god.
Alright, that's coming up in the show later, so hold on.
Hold off.
Yeah.
Alright, let's see, what else did I play this week?
I played, I will say on the new front, I did check out that Final Fantasy 13.2 demo, like
I think a lot of you guys have, because that's one of the big things that's holding people
over right now, that came out on the marketplace this week.
I really liked the demo, but of course, you know, disclaimer, I also really liked Final
Fantasy 13, and I realized the gamer populace as a whole had its problems with it for being
too linear.
He was too linear, and there's no towns, and you can only do one thing.
Which, and the character design is dah-dah-dah-dah, although if you, I mean, and I get it, I mean
I'm not excusing it, but I just will say, if you stick with the game, you will find
that Vanille has multiple layers to her.
She is not all hee-hee girl, like there is definitely a past there that she might be
putting on a front.
Like, I'm just saying, if you stick with it for the 25 hours, you will find more about
these characters.
Hope will get balls later, but the problem is, you know, again, you have to stick with
it for 20, 25 hours.
And you know what?
I can't expect most gamers are going to do that.
I need to go and finish Lost Odyssey.
That was a fucking great game, and I really wish they'd make a sequel, but they probably
won't.
But anyway, stop derailing me.
I'll be here all night tonight.
But, yeah, the Final Fantasy 13 2 demo, in the little bit I played, and obviously it's
just a demo, it's a little taste of the game, but they definitely are trying to throw things
out there like, hey, look at what we changed from Final Fantasy 13.
First off, the Crystalarium.
Much easier, and not as big of a pain in the ass.
You know, it's much easier to use.
Hey, look, townspeople, where you can talk to random people and they'll tell you things
and it kind of feels like a town, and you have multiple places you can go.
Like, they're definitely trying to sneak all this in the demo.
And then on top of that, you know, I found it interesting that your party is actually
only two people, and your third character is that monster.
And your monster can be one of three monsters, but the monsters all fall into one of the
different categories, like Sentinel, or Commando, or Ravager.
If you're familiar with Final Fantasy 13, these are kind of the character classes.
So it's kind of like a build your own third character, is really what it feels like.
To get the types of paradigms that you want, which, you know, I fucking love the battle
system in 13.
It's one of its huge strengths, and Final Fantasy 13 too is really just expanding on
that with letting you kind of even go further with the paradigms.
And I know this character has her haters, but I will say Chocolina is amazing.
Chocolina's like half Vegas showgirl, half Chocobo cosplayer at a Dinky Automation.
It's like Carnaval in Argentina or something, or Rio de Janeiro.
It's pretty bad.
And she has a voice actor like this, and she just sounds like she's so happy!
I was dyin'.
And I immediately went on all my Warcraft servers and reserved the name Chocolina for
future use, possibly with Pandarins later on.
So I guess that was really about it, I'm trying to think if there was anything else.
Yes, I went back and started playing Retro Game Challenge on the DS again, because again
I was kind of revisiting old games I wanted to play again.
And Retro Game Challenge was an awesome DS game, especially if you liked 8-bit classics.
That's pretty much it for my gaming week.
So let's go to, I'm trying to see if our, in the chatroom at chat.orangelaunchmedia.com,
Hitstun in our chatroom says, I thought the full game was out already.
January 31st is the full game.
Yeah, very close.
Same day as Soulcalibur V, right?
Yep.
It's gonna be a busy week.
You're dead also.
Ooh, busy week.
Busy week.
Yeah, it gets, it's weird, it kind of gets busy for, actually starting from the 31st,
which is very unusual.
February has a lot of big games.
All the delayed games.
Oh, Mass Effect in February, right?
That's March.
Oh, March.
Wow.
Dang, it's gonna, it's gonna get busy.
Yeah, it's, February is Binary Domain, Twisted Metal, UFC 3, no I'm thinking, forgetting
a ton of shit, SSX, I'm looking forward to SSX.
Well, we'll get into the releases a little later.
SSA100Matt in our chatroom at chat.orangelaunchmedia.com says, I never got through disc one of Final
Fantasy 13.
I really need to finish it.
Now, see, I played on PlayStation 3, so it was just one big disc, so I don't know where
disc one is in the story, but I will say this.
If you can get yourself all the way to chapter 11, chapter 11 is when the game takes a big
shift and bankruptcy right kind of I think it's 11 is it 10 or 11 but there's a spoiler
alert although the game's been out for how long you do end up on grand pulse and that's
when the game really opens up and now you have little side quests you can do and there
is a little bit more semblance of a world but I don't it it's not that same feeling
like in Final Fantasy 7 when you get out of Midgar and then all of a sudden holy shit
world map like it's not that great but I get the sense that Final Fantasy 13 2 is going
to start with that kind of chapter 11 feeling right up front and I'm not talking about bankruptcy
so I'm really excited about the game I already have my pre-ordered and now I'm realizing
shit I gotta get I have to get a PlayStation Vita and I have to get Soulcalibur 5 I'm gonna
be broke you don't have to why do you have to get a Vita cuz I want it because he makes
bad choices yes because you want luminous right yeah it's not a launch title oh it's
not I thought it was nope maybe I'll wait till luminous is out then just give it some
time I mean because if they're talking about it bombing as quickly as they think it is
you might want to wait just a little bit all right all right we'll see we'll see all right
um in fact luminous isn't even on their release list yet for Ubisoft all right let's move
on um some quick housekeeping going on tonight of course follow us on Twitter and Facebook
twitter.com slash olr or Facebook facebook.com slash orange launch radio you can follow us
on there and we'll give you a little previews on what's coming up on the night show and
so forth also our website orange launch radio.com we are in early talks about talking about
some upgrades for the website for this year's that's really awesome especially the forums
we really want to and somebody was commenting on Facebook today about the forums like forums
need to get cleaned up we're like yeah we know we really want to make that workable
again so I hope you guys will be ready for that when it's done which hopefully will be
in the next month that'd be cool and I'm gonna plug the spin-off show Hoard House if you
like World of Warcraft we have a whole nother show about World of Warcraft but it's not
that serious just like this show hoardhouse.com if you want to check that out h-o-r-d-e-h-o-u-s-e.com
think that's everything I want to plug tonight I guess so so let's get into some gaming news
Loki I guess actually it's conflicting information Amazon saying it is a launch title but Ubisoft's
not whatever um okay so let's talk a little bit about the Vita since we were just talking
about the Vita one of the things that was announced during CES was music unlimited was
gonna be something that's gonna feature or be featured on the Vita when it launches here
in North America and of course that's Sony's cloud-based music service that I think they
actually have on the PlayStation 3 right now as well one of the other things that they
did announce as well is a kind of a video editor called a play memories and that's going
to be for the PlayStation 3 and I also believe the Vita as well which is kind of neat oh
maybe only in the ps3 I thought it was also on the Vita and they'll allow you to manipulate
photos and videos through the ps3 I thought they had a video editor I thought they had
one that came with the eye camera that you could do I thought they had something very
basic too but this sounds like a little bit better than that maybe a version 2.0 or something
okay and of course some sales numbers came out as well the Vita has sold 500,000 units
in Japan and of course they're saying that also we're gonna be expecting Netflix to be
coming to it as well near launch on Europe and United States not a big surprise Netflix
is on everything so it would be kind of lost if it wasn't on the Vita as well so no big
surprise there also the data plans for the Vita if you buy the 3G version have come out
18 he's gonna charge you $14.99 a month and this is of course no contract $14.99 if you
want 250 megabytes per month and $25 per month if you want two gigabyte cap and honestly
I mean since you're not gonna be using 3G to download games because that'd be so fucking
slow I would recommend I don't know I'd recommend not getting the 3G version to be honest save
some money and just there's some folks in chat room Tiki in chat says I'm going for
broke 3G all-in alpha-kinanagram in 3d says getting 3G for the hell of it GPS okay GPS
then why not I would just recommend getting enough game like a virgin mobile phone or
something like that I pay 25 bucks a month unlimited data it's also 3G and it's a phone
so and if you route it you can tether to it so I got 3G anyways but yeah that uh if you
want to get the 3G version power more power to eat I guess but that's what's gonna cost
you all right I was trying to look up um how the 3ds sold when it originally came out in
Japan because I'm getting you know a lot of people are really dogging on the Vita and
its sales numbers but how did this compare to the 3ds because the 3ds had a lot of growing
pains too you know obviously that was kind of a very slow build so I mean is it really
fair to be razzing on the Vita when the 3ds had its share of launch problems I mean not
hardware necessarily but you know just quality of software I think I teased you that you
want to get the Vita on launch day because it's important to you that they lower the
price of the Vita six months later then have an ambassador program where you get fucking
crash bandicoot and they're like that's all the vintage shit we have sorry thanks here
you go so you can be mad about something else I would hope for a Final Fantasy game but
I guess that's the wrong company it's got to be a first party so all right um also go
into our chat room at chat.orangeonshoot.com Rama says if you're smart get the Vita from
AT&T it'll be $99 with the two-year contract really is that true I didn't hear about that
sounds interesting it's price speculation because there's no contracts for it so you
know there could maybe there's a arrangement that AT&T could have though uh Rama says tether
off your smartphones people uh SGO under Matt says I don't see the point of the 3G since
it's Wi-Fi everywhere that's true there's lots of Wi-Fi everywhere I swear my 3DS got
on Wi-Fi while I was at the movie like there was an open network and it just kind of joined
it because my light was suddenly flashing blue because you know how the light on the
3DS is green for I walked by somebody who has a 3DS like mine's glowing green now because
it talked to Loki's device obviously and then it glows blue when it's oh I got a swap note
from the internet it's interesting all right anyhow let's talk about some PC gaming obviously
one big PC game we're gonna get at some point in 2012 is Diablo 3 now there was a very interesting
kind of controversy this week with Diablo 3 where Bashyok one of the community managers
for Blizzard posted on Twitter essentially that Diablo 3 was confirmed for consoles he
didn't say that but he did answer a user question saying oh well that's already in the works
and so and so is the manager behind it basically so it pretty much confirmed without confirming
it that there is a version in the works but then Blizzard came back and quickly kind of
revoked that tweet saying you know we have no announcement on that at this time but come
on people we've known for forever Blizzard's been hiring the people for consoles they're
at least exploring a Diablo 3 they'll probably do it but my question is with the real money
auction house how the hell is that gonna work on Xbox Live and PlayStation Network because
I can't see that they're gonna be able to run something like that on those services
and that's gonna be a huge money maker for Diablo 3 and essentially fund the whole online
multiplayer part of it although I don't know I'm not interested in the real money auction
house at all personally but I know some people are thinking they're gonna become millionaires
off of it but as we've talked a little bit on Horde house about supply versus demand
there'll be plenty of supply but will the will there be demand so sorry to derail you
again yeah for good at that tonight by the way yeah I was going back to what you're saying
about the 3ds now how often or how far from launch were you talking about for numbers
I guess well the couple okay so within the first I'd say week they sold two hundred and
I'm sorry it five hundred and eighty two thousand in the US or Japan this is Japan okay all
right fair enough so in in about a week so yeah they're a little head all right that's
fair so but it isn't millions you know but yeah like hey so yeah because it's a 3ds and
long people yeah launched in February or towards the end of February and by the end of March
they were about 800,000 yen's in Japan hmm all right so 3ds was ahead all right also
in the Diablo 3 front one other thing I wanted to say is that one fact that could be holding
up the game or people have been speculating it hold up the game from a global launch that
Blizzard is insisted on doing is the ratings in South Korea the game has not been able
to be rated in South Korea for forever and a lot of that is because of the real money
auction house well the news came out this week that Diablo 3 was officially rated it's
rated 18 plus according to the game's rating board page and so that means that now it's
been rated everywhere so Blizzard how about a release date unless there is truly something
else holding up the release of this game that is highly anticipated anyone else looking
forward to Diablo 3 or is it just me of course I'm getting a free one thanks to the Warcraft
blood pact but yeah I'm getting it and installing it even if I don't play it just because I
signed it for the contract as well yeah it took me a couple weeks but is that they took
that down right you can't do that anymore I think you still can in fact it with the
news was circulating gaming sites again like I saw it pop up on one of the new communities
on live journal I've been following his own TD games because now oh no they didn't as
a games community and the story popped up on there like it was new news and it was sourced
to do a site that had just run it this week so I think Blizzard is putting it out there
again for whatever reason but yeah you can still sign up for it so hey if you want to
tell Blizzard you're gonna give them money every month for 12 months I think they're
gonna let you do it I just think the rewards are gonna change at some point so and for
the record no I'm not excited about Diablo 3 you just but you you never really played
Diablo 2 did you I played Diablo 1 I liked I have one why not why not uh the three then
I just I don't play that much on PC it doesn't seem like you know right now I'm doing a lot
of like kind of looting and grinding and Skyrim and that kind of fulfills my need for Skyrim
you know doing looting and grinding I mean I don't need another game to do that Shane
by the way looked up the whole luminous thing in private message it's coming up February
coming out February 22nd is the release date so it's launch window like that first month
it's like go this way it's not on it's not an Ubisoft release list yet I still think
that's tentative I don't think that it's actually coming out that day yet I would trust Ubisoft
in their information you know because they just sent us the update about Ghost Recon
being delayed to May but it's it's not on the release list I will ask this week though
because I was curious than that myself especially since they have box art now that usually means
that's close and the song list and luminous and well hot and and they could very well
say oh yeah here it's coming down the 14th or 22nd or whatever so all right let's move
on Alan what do you have for us there is a huge promotional campaign being spearheaded
by Microsoft for Xbox Live Arcade called the Xbox Live Arcade house party 2012 and I trying
to figure out what exactly this is sounds kind of dippy I guess it's just a huge hey
arcade is awesome and we've got great games on it released directly to arcade and their
exclusives and rah rah rah let's spend money on arcade games that's pretty much it actually
have you heard of the summer of arcade yeah yeah it's the same thing it's the same thing
in the winter yeah so the 2012 of the hurrah our XBLA is so awesome it's going to start
on February 15th with the titles Alan wakes American night Alan wakes American nightmare
the long-awaited I am alive EA's warp and a game that's the name is spelled so confusingly
I think it's just deliberately there to troll it's any X you IZ which I'm calling nezou
ease Nexus maybe next Nexus yeah I like next to ease though you sound exquisite so yeah
those four games we don't really have prices yet point wise on what they're gonna be but
February 15th is when those four games are gonna drop and all that goes down and also
there's a part of this for Windows 7 mobile operating systems for the Windows 7 phones
the smartphones that Windows put out and except for everyone has either an iPhone or an Android
so whatever there's also a bunch of games coming out for that as well but you know if
you're also among one of those people that plays games for Windows live somebody anybody
yeah I still have game room on games for Windows live I don't remember last time I touched
it but it's there aren't you glad you bought those games up shut up so yeah X the house
party starts February 15th of those four games in is there any by for get one free if I all
for those games gets $100 I checked a few sites including major Nelson's blog post and
now doesn't really seem that way this one's supposed to be geared more towards teenagers
and stuff because hensir edgy commercial that they had in there edgy edgy being that there's
teenagers having a house party you know it is because you know everybody has a house
party I'm sorry grab the liquor and we're gonna play Xbox Live arcade your house party
is invalid with like no no your house party is invalid without kid and play let's be real
that is true if you if you want a house party Microsoft if you want a house party people
are going to pay attention to you need to find out whatever the fuck happened to kid
and play I'm sure one of them is not dead but one of them's got to be alive somewhere
and desperate for money I'm going to Wikipedia right now I want to know what happened to
kid and play they do have also there's a game from Double Fine coming out for the Kinect
that's like I don't remember the fuck they're calling it but it's just a bunch of little
Kinect mini games for you know from Double Fine but uh it almost reminds me a lot of
that was at the connect where the free shit that they put out fun labs it's like that
but paid on June 23 2010 kid and play appeared on Lopez tonight and performed rollin with
kid and play from their album to hype at a 2010 Tribeca Film Festival kid stated that
play and I also have a television series in the works so the future is bright watch that
how fucking older kid and play now let me look at this up here kid kid was born in 64
so he's 47 yeah I bet he could still get down also in Xbox news the Microsoft has released
the sales numbers which they haven't done since since October and it sounds like 66
million units sold worldwide as of this press release they put out and by units they mean
stolen Xbox 11 the last time they enough half of them were sold in Poland and we can't figure
out why then that's roughly 10 million more than the 55 56 million they said that they
had sold worldwide at the end of October so 10 million over one holiday season the Kinect
now is at 18 million units which I don't know what the numbers are for the move but I'm
pretty sure it's not 18 million well they you can never really get accurate numbers
of the move because they count every single accessory you know they sell you the the starter
kit oh look we've sold you like you know three move units or four move units number of Kinect
games worth it for those 18 million people to it's growing so it's it's slowed down obviously
it's plateaued since the insane launch week the Kinect had but 18 million units is a very
respectable number also they've come out and said that live accounts that are in service
which means that people just configured a live account they log into it not necessarily
gold but live accounts is nearly 40 million users which is about 60% of the worldwide
sold so 60% of Xbox users have live in some capacity even if it's not gold they're not
given them they're not they're not paying for it now where's the number about how many
of those accounts are still uncompromised because that's what I'd like to know anyhow
so as far as those 40 million silver versus gold it doesn't say but 60% pretty reasonable
I think well here's the thing though the numbers are a little skewed there because they they
give you the number of live accounts and the number of units sold but how many of those
units have died true see that that percentage can be way high that percentage is way higher
it's and that's a fact because you know pretty much all the launch units are dead so I don't
know that it's interesting vidpower actually links a article he found that's related saying
that as part of the house party promotion if you buy all four games you will get 800
Microsoft points free which is like what a quarter of a FIFA gold pack so I see what
you think 20% there you go all right moving on Loki so of course there was rumors that
oh the new systems PlayStation and Xbox are going to be at e3 well it's too soon at least
for the PlayStation according to Kazurai PlayStation 4 it will not be at e3 they have no plans
on bringing it out at e3 and it says you know we're not making announcements at e3 I do
want to just say I told you so last week on the show but to be fair pretty much everybody
was thinking that this would be the case it didn't it didn't take a Miss Cleo to figure
that out that there was not going to be a PlayStation 4 at this next e3 I think what
it's going to be I think it'll be at least a year after and honestly I mean I know that
they're kind of like okay whoever's first out of the gate is going to have the best
chances as far as it goes I think that Nintendo is going to be stumbling out the gate to be
honest and I don't think they're really going to have to play much catch-up and besides
give it another year and they can copy whatever works well in Nintendo's system I could sort
of see Microsoft announcing a new console but they don't have to like because you're
right I think they can give Nintendo a chance to eat dirt a little bit maybe but Microsoft
you know especially after the story that Alan just read about that the sales numbers are
still good Microsoft still if they could get those like one or two killer connect games
you know and I'm talking something better than that Star Wars thing that still isn't
out you know if they could get those one or two killer connect titles that even the hardcore
gamers like must have I think they're gonna have it now here's here's a real question
about Sony and I think this this is a much better question so if you want to play games
analyst for a minute those of you listening here's a real question for you how much emphasis
will still be on the Sony move this year I think that's a real question asked about E3
is that will Sony give up just like maybe they did on the plot well I guess the PlayStation
I kind of turned into the move but you know will PlayStation decide to give up on the
move a little bit now that they're gonna have the Vita out and maybe we'll focus on that
a little more or are they really still gonna push the move it's an alternative to the connect
and to the Wii that's that's a question for you I I think well they've kind of succeeded
in a few avenues there one they've got better integration with the their motion control
stuff into their hard their core games then Microsoft does I mean because hands down you
know the move for like resistance and killzone and SOCOM and stuff like that it actually
seems like it would work versus voice commands to throw grenade in Halo which seems very
tacked on and not very tacked on it is tacked on there were the tacked on crap that they
had in fours of four it's just and I have a feeling that even when they do decide to
do a core well I don't really know if you can consider a lot of the Kinect games core
stuff but the new fable game that's going to be coming out I don't think it's going
to be any good okay I have to go to chat room with this comment um Kaiju don't our chatroom
says Microsoft needs a new system that thing is dead with all due respect did you not hear
what Alan just said like about the sales figures and dude I get what you're saying like I'd
like as you know especially after the whole hack crap you know how I feel about the Xbox
and I get what you're saying but I think Microsoft let me kind of give you an analogy Microsoft
is right now especially with the Kinect sitting kind of where Nintendo was about three years
ago where the core gamers like yourself and some of us were taking them so seriously yet
they were still slaying with sales figures because the families were adopting them and
I think that's kind of where connect is right now like maybe they're losing a lot of core
gamers but they're still selling systems and you can't call it dead because they're losing
core gamers at all I mean in fact I think that the next working well I did to be fair
I don't think they are either but I think the PlayStation 3 is gaining a lot of ground
I think it's not that the Xbox is running away with core gamers but I think a lot of
core gamers are now looking at the PlayStation 3 going huh maybe I want one of those I don't
know just you know in talking to people you know that don't play games as much I hear
a lot of well I think I'd rather get a PlayStation 3 coming out of them here's the problem is
that they have their whole demographic split in half now the people that really you know
are kind of into the casual stuff that are buying the connect and then they have their
you know kind of core gamers they're playing you know their franchises and stuff that they
keep putting up and they've tried to get people excited they're playing core games to buy
the connect you know with Forza 4 stuff and with Halo but honestly it's just such a poor
attempt at you know tacking that stuff on that's not really accomplishing what they're
hoping to accomplish they're trying to get people to kind of delve into both you know
categories they want the core gamers to buy the connect games and they also want the people
to play just the connect games and the casual stuff like the Just Dance and whatnot to play
more of their you know Halo and stuff like that so they can you know expand the amount
of sales that they have it's just it's not working right now because there's what they've
done for these core games to implement you know connect functionality is really cheap
and it shows I guess going back to the original question about the PlayStation move I guess
you will always have those games that are ported to the move from the connect I mean
even though the two technologies are kind of different like certainly get the games
like Just Dance that they adapt for both I think it's doing well though yeah I think
so so all right anyhow let's move on talking about other releases and things coming out
another fighting game is going to be repackaged with all the download content and you might
have heard it is Mortal Kombat Mortal Kombat complete edition of course complete with AK
is coming out all over again it is going to have the original game all of the DLC packs
so including Freddy it's going to have Mortal Kombat songs inspired by the Warriors is that
that old ass CD it might be did it or it might be the new one I don't know they have like
a new soundtrack but if it's that old CD that's awesome I don't know also you get a download
code of the 1995 Mortal Kombat film which you know was was decent for a video game movie
because a lot of them aren't very good but the original Mortal Kombat movie was kind
of all right and then the sequel was bad it was bad is really bad show was even worse
was there ever a third movie there was talk about a third movie but they just never did
it I think they're still doing it all right it's not a little late now well maybe now
that the whole resurgence I guess there was a YouTube videos that really weren't they
weren't bad so anyhow it is coming out on February 28th the Mortal Kombat complete edition
both on the 360 and the PlayStation 3 so if you're like me and you never downloaded any
of the DLC this may be a value to you I don't know I probably won't get it I don't need
the 1995 film that bad and the DLC if I want it I can probably download do you like renting
stuff do you I mean seriously do you guys like renting stuff because because Warner
Brothers says fuck you because they don't like people that rent shit they're gonna push
the window out to 56 days and also I wonder if there's going to be the online pass for
listeners that don't know explain the 36 day window basically Warner Brothers right now
they had implemented a 28 day window to basically block anybody that rents movies from you know
buying directly from them if they want to buy stuff to put in their store they go out
to Walmart or retailer Amazon or wherever and buy them and put them on well technically
they they could sell you the product directly later on but you know it's now it's a 56 day
window and so Netflix is not gonna have it until 56 days later and but red box you know
they're like well fuck it we're just gonna go buy it you know at the store and as is
blockbuster blockbusters if those are the big three that were kind of affected by and
also you know you may like your Harry Potter well as of last year at the end of the last
year they're all out of circulation now if they're they took all the movies out of circulation
so they can go re-release them like Disney does basically Warner hates people fucking
3d they're gonna release all the Harry Potter movies in 3d wait for it well it wasn't the
last one already three Warner Brothers fucking hates they hate people that do not buy their
movies they want to basically take everybody to out of rental to buy their stuff and to
stream their stuff using their ultraviolet service is what they're looking to do so just
saying which isn't gonna work because there's they're diluting it out there is all these
all these companies think they can build their own Netflix it's not gonna work just saying
you know if that's the kind of thing you want to support then you know by all means you
know whatever you know what's fucking work it's Mortal Kombat if you haven't bought the
game you mean I don't know just you don't really need all the DLC either I mean that's
kind of cheap to sell characters like and Freddy Krueger coming come on and it's not
even it's not even the Robert Englund Freddy Krueger it's yeah that that was a Jack girl
Haley a bit of a sadness Rama in our chat room says I remember when this shit was going
on with VHS movies video stores would get it before everybody else hold on Rama you're
talking about the reverse you're talking about the the total reverse what used to happen
then I used to work at a video store way back when movie those VHS tapes used to cost like
ninety nine dollars when they first came out that's why and so you know rental and sell
through they basically had rental rental movies would come out at one point then eventually
the studio would drop the price to sell there because I mean yeah you can go buy the movie
date the same day that it comes to the rental stores but it's gonna cost you a hundred dollars
or one hundred fifty dollars to buy that that movie but then they had program they're Warner's
tried a bunch of things they've tried distributing their own movies and that didn't work they
tried these programs and trust me working the distribution business it's fun all right
let's move on Alan mad cats has released the latest line of the fight stick controllers
they're putting out for street for Capcom Street Fighter X Tekken they've done a redesign
of it there's two different models now the fight stick pro and the arcade fight stick
versus edition the latter which aside from having I think more detailed art on the top
panel of it is there is it comes with an accessory if you have two of them you can snap them
together and basically make a mock like arcade board where you have two people standing side
by side like they were fighting at a real arcade in clay in case you want it so she
want to sit a little closer to your friend yeah so if you can find a way to get like
a table and put this up up there you can then have two people for like for you know tournaments
that you want to host get you to buy two of them instead of one exactly and there's also
going to be a fight pad SD which is going to be 15 15 percent smaller roughly than the
previous fight pads that they've put out and that they don't have a price point or release
date yet for either of these products whether it be the new flight pad or the arcade sticks
but they are aiming for a to be congruence with the March 6th release of the game itself
and I have a little side story about this all right I remember in February of 09 when
Street Fighter 4 came out not super Street Fighter 4 but the original one I wanted one
of the fight pads mad cats and I have it right here Rob if you could hand that to me sure
I had to go on eBay to find this from one of the large like real like resellers with
the thousands and thousands of feedback score it was brand new in the clamshell that you
need a hacksaw to open I finally fit this is the only way I could get it they wasn't
at Target or Best Buy or GameStop or anything because of how limited quantities they were
completely dead out of the box PC won't recognize it and 360 won't recognize it and I paid so
much for this so whenever I hear that Capcom keeps giving mad cats their exclusive license
for the fight sticks then the arcade whatever I'm like mad cats products suck but that's
that's just it happens this stuff comes dead out of the box it can be anything I was gonna
say damn it I know it's gonna say Loki if you before I throw it out if you want to fuck
with it it's here if you want to take it home and open it I don't know but that's all Loki
fix it I know that master Loki read between the line take master Loki fix it he's worth
the thing look he's evaluating it well first off you're missing the part that the breakaway
part of the cable here oh yeah that's right anyway yeah just go to Kotaku or joystick
if you want to see what the fight sticks look like all right let's move on release stage
we're gonna travel the world and check out some upcoming releases coming soon to a game
store near you besides if he actually wants to play you know super Street Fighter well
name is super Street Fighter 4 but Street Fighter 4 in an arcade cabinet I've got an
arcade cabinet with super Street Fighter 4 on it with Japanese oh and and an octagonal
restrictor plate on my joysticks it's nice and collecting dust because I don't play on
it anymore not with the baby around anyways uh releases not a lot I hope you like Gran
Turismo and I hope they haven't bought Gran Turismo 5 because that's really that's all
coming out this week Gran Turismo 5 again yes Gran Turismo 5 XL Edition it includes
now this is kind of cool it includes all the well the spec 2.0 update and a voucher for
$20 worth of DLC and it's only 40 bucks okay that's cool so I mean it's not bad I am terrible
at like Gran Turismo and the realistic racers but that's that's a good deal that's yeah
I mean it's not bad and my pet puppy 3d for the 3ds from 505 games that is it my pet puppy
it's funny this week there was actually supposed to be games coming out but nothing came out
it wasn't dead week nothing wait what do you mean games are supposed to come out and then
they like a bunch of delayed stuff yeah there was two games they're supposed to come out
this week and both of them got delayed what games uh this week was supposed to be 41 action
packed from south peak or something like that there's a bunch of really terrible playstation
our games all right and then there was the National Geographic challenge which got delayed
to the 24th you know I'm thinking even if those games were coming out this week was
uneventful I'm just just saying just saying all right uh going to Japan oh real quick
though one release I wanted to say that's not on this list because it's a Xbox Live
thing DLC for Saints Row the third the first in the season pass it will be released this
week Genki Bull 7 which I am excited to play all right let's move to the Japanese release
dates which are a little more exciting on the Xbox 360 to start us off Dead Rising 2
gets a price reduction in Japan I think some folks may be excited about this Oni Chambara
Z Kagura comes out this week in Japan so I think this is like a sequel to the original
Oni Chambara which if you didn't know what that game was it's basically women with big
titties slaying zombies it is a woman wearing lingerie and a cowboy hat with a samurai sword
killing zombies that's right how and how like in other words the formula for a perfect game
yet it doesn't end up on any end of the year best list it's not really kind of one of those
on paper it sounded awesome it's it's part of a simple series the simple series had a
really weird they had a lineup of games it was just so some of them were just like casual
games some of them were really weird Earth Defense Force was part of the simple series
in Japan on the PlayStation 2 this was also part of the series one that I wish that would
come over here or at least make a sequel to is zombies versus ambulance it's an ambulance
and you run over zombies with the ambulance nails another one it was like some chicks
in maid dresses maids with like miniguns killing zombies a lot of zombie killing in you know
I like games that are over the top why can't we get more ridiculous why I thought Saints
Row was was really awesome actually all right also on the Xbox 360 in Japan this week power
up heroes and Red Dead Redemption complete edition all those coming out on January 19th
heading on over to the PlayStation 3 some of the same stuff Dead Rising 2 Red Dead Redemption
complete edition getting the price reductions but there are some new things this week including
Nobunaga no Yabu Tendo that is actually again a price reduction as well as Trinity Zill
0 0 all of those games I just mentioned PlayStation 3 best hits next big release for Japan on
PlayStation 3 is probably Armored Core 5 but that's on the 26th so you still have a little
ways to go before that is out keep in mind the PlayStation Vita is already out in Japan
so they are getting this week Wipeout 2048 on the Vita makes its way to Japan this week
I believe that's a launch title for us over here the Wii really doesn't have a lot there's
a price reduction of Sengoku Basara 2 Heroes and I'm quickly looking to see if the PSP
or no 3DS Labyrinth no Kannada and Rhythm Kaito R Kotei Napoleon no Isan comes out from
Sega this week trying to see if that's a rhythm thief I believe yes it is yeah rhythm thief
and the Emperor's treasure it's the Japanese version of that and what about 3D Drive Impossible
so kind of a bigger whoa whoa whoa hold on a second who's that from Rocket Company run
about 3D Drive Impossible yes runabouts fucking awesome I have not heard of this series runabout
it's been around since like the original PlayStation it came out over here as Felony 179 and it's
basically a game where you drive around and smash in the stuff with your car and cause
damage oh yeah I can see that from the screenshots it looks like you can drive a tank in one
of them oh that's a pretty fun game interesting to try that I want to give another second
thought very cool Yuki in our chat room says I thought it was a Dreamcast game of course
that could be I know it was that could be a delay Yuki might be commenting on another
game runabout was also a Dreamcast game I believe as well it was Dreamcast and PlayStation
1 maybe PlayStation 2 it was really simple looking graphic well it comes back in 3D this
week no it's PlayStation 1 for sure yeah all right let's move on with the UK releases two
games all right Wednesday the 18th we're going to get Haunt for the 360 and Scary Girl for
the 360 which are download titles so download titles yeah boring week over there in the
UK hope you enjoy what you got already and scary girl I guess is a graphic novel tie-in
and it's a Squeenix produced game it's a fighting game I believe if I'm not mistaken um Haunt
is a not my own shot game the folks that made Parappa the Rappa don't expect it to be a
music game yeah it's not a music game I thought scary girl was a fighting game but there there
was some other fighting game that was coming out that was like that it might not been scary
girl I don't remember all right a couple more news stories for you guys than the classic
game of the week I know dark soccer is not here tonight but we still gotta have a classic
game of the week so we'll get to that in just a moment Loki all right let's talk about Kid
Icarus uprising first off of course you know the circle pad pro will be coming out here
pretty soon and the Kid Icarus is going to be supporting that as well they're going to
be getting a left-handed mode with the circle pad pro um which looks kind of awkward I don't
know how that would be holding that for the record now I'm really pissed off that circle
pad pro thing is a GameStop exclusive because Alan's left-handed he could actually use that
and you know because I'll probably buy that game and he could kind of use that mode but
I'm not going to GameStop period uh I don't know if he would be able to because like I
said the the circle pad is off-centered so the system is you know kind of hanging towards
the left side so holding it's going to be really awkward it's going to be heavy but
that might not be a problem because apparently the you know playing on the 3DS is very awkward
and hard on your hands anyway so they're going to be coming or they're going to be coming
out with a stand or uh if you will for the 3DS that will be included with Kid Icarus
operating because apparently the game is so uncomfortable to play on the 3DS it requires
a stand making it not really a portable system anymore but uh yes apparently touching the
screen works better if it's secured according to Nintendo that's kind of weird weird to
bundle a peripheral like that with Kid Icarus that just to me that screams design flaw right
there yeah it's like we have to be getting a new 3DS here's what it is it's because you
know you have to touch the screen or whatever and it just doesn't work I mean if you played
even Metroid Prime 3D Hunters or whatever it was on the original DS kind of had that
same type of setup where you would move with the directional pad and you use your right
hand with as you with the stylus to kind of look around and it was fucking uncomfortable
to play that game so this kind of the same thing but now you use an analog stick instead
um it would be easier if you could aim like if you have the circle pad pro aim with the
right analog and move with the left and then you wouldn't need the touch screen but then
what's the point now Alan you've um had your share of challenges with the 3DS what do you
think about some of this news if you get it I'll use it I don't know you're just not that
excited about the 3DS to begin with pretty much I want when they release the second generation
of the hardware I will give a shit but I'm a late adopter on purpose I mean Nintendo I mean even
just like I'm holding my 3DS right now with one hand um you know kind of moving the analog stick
even just holding it for a few seconds is uncomfortable and pushing on the screen as
well as I'm trying to it really starts to put a kink in my wrist there I would think they would
have to I don't know they'd have to come up with some better way of doing that Mario Kart is the
bigger is the biggest culprit because you have to hold down the accelerator and that makes my hand
cramp really bad after like one track other games on the 3DS or like the one though the purely
stylus based ones are fine but I will bet you anything the next 3DS we get is going to be an
XL because the problem right now is everyone's saying it's too small I mean cramps people's
hands up that they're gonna make it bigger so they can put the extra analog stick on there and
it'll be an Excel system I will bet you all right well moving on speaking of Mario Kart sort of an
interesting new game hit the iPhone iOS I touch and all that store this week it's called mole
cart and you know it's it's it's kind of common these days that you see these iOS games that are
similar to games that are out there in fact you might remember last week we were talking about
kind of the same subject with Atari going after all these people well Nintendo may want to consider
going after this game because what makes it unique is that while they don't use Mario and that a lot
of the characters are different a lot of the tracks are lifted right out of Mario Kart a lot
of them all of them all of them are taken right from Mario Kart like the whole bouncy mushroom
race thing that was huge on the Wii is in there I mean you know you played this look I haven't even
bothered to play it but you actually got it yeah and I got it yeah and bought it and yes it's a
complete ripoff of Mario Kart the thing though see I don't like once again I don't like kart racers
on the iPod because I just don't like tilt controls it really pisses me off but even I
mean look at even the main screen here we have a complete ripoff of the bomb on and the corner
there item mode they call it so yeah they break it up there you start off with two characters you
can unlock two more by playing the game and you can buy two more on top of that and of course you
get mole man and some bear so anyways the different things that they have starting off
you have the mole pasture which I want to say it's one of the tracks from the Wii game I don't
remember it's but basically they've replaced just some of the stuff in there and then X mushroom
which it's definitely one of the tracks from the game the then you can unlock the fridge a port
which is it's definitely one of the tracks from the Wii game volcano which is one of the old
classic tracks the Bowser castle tracks from the Super Nintendo game that they remade the 3d and
the Wii version that's in there sky remnant is another track the I think you can buy and then
Arctic glaciers and one of is the the ice track from Nintendo 64 version that was up rezzed and
then moles garden was peaches I think it's peaches garden or something like that or daisies garden
so in other words it's a damn ripoff yeah they'll all everything's a ripoff so rather than being
just it's the same genre cuz last week you were saying that companies go after third-party things
that say oh you're you're copying our game but it's like no it's just the same John right copy
the tracks the tracks are the same so this would be a valid lawsuit yes this be all the power-ups
are you know oh this is not quite a bullet bill it's something different but all the power-ups
are the same I mean they have all the power-ups but doesn't the quality of stuff like this kind
of speak for itself it's not bad I mean it's interesting all right I mean you can take a look
at it orange right in our charm says they just released a Smurfs village ripoff called moles
world how the hell do I play this I mean it's automatic acceleration you have a break and then
you till I'll move I just moved backwards should I hold your mic up to your face for you okay hold
the air sure I'm playing this any type basic how do I how do I use a little question yeah you tap
the item to okay I just got a flaming pair as a power-up and there's cows standing in the middle
of the course just like on the wee one and the flame pairs I'm assuming are like the mushroom
yeah because they gave me a little turbo boost and I can't drive for shit this game I mean it's
one of those things where it's like I would show my friends haha look at this Mario Kart ripoff but
I mean is it really worth what is this a pineapple okay it's an oh it's the it's the use it all you
want nitro the frame rate on this sucks Moo Moo Meadows yes Moo Moo Meadows it's even on the
fucking banner it says Moo Moo Meadows on the fucking banner you know I'm thinking the developers
kind of forgot that you might want to change some things that are on the track way to go can I turn
that I'll turn that off it's too nose I'm pressing the button shutting it off right speaking it's
making Rob angry angry because I've actually been playing Mario Kart 7 and I'm like at least that
game has a decent frame rate yeah Moo Moo Meadows is uh I believe it is one of the tracks where did
I do it do and when you come up to the it's from our car we it's on the banner it says Moo Moo
Meadows like idiots ah that's that's that's fantastic because you know you know they're
doing it in some you know very tiny cubicle high production supervisor glaring down everyone's
next environment where they just got it's it's just take this track and copy it you know just
bit by bit detail by detail and so they copied it that's fantastic good job all right let's take a
moment to take a trek down memory lane remember remember when the only game that was getting
ripped off with Street Fighter 2 fighting street let's take a trip down memory lane remember in
the groove all right every week dark soccer likes to dive into the vault and pick a game that she
thinks is worthy of being the classic game of the week but she's not here so instead of the classic
gaming vault we have the classic gaming cardboard box and Alan has dived in thumb first into the
classic gaming box and pulled out a game that he thinks hey show some respect this is a true
classic right here Alan what is the classic game of the week this week this week's classic game is
the original half-life I'm so released 1998 I'm so surprised at this coming from you yes I know
that's right yeah it's never been a classic game of the week and reality check this game is what
yeah 13 years old at this point yes yeah half-life was made by two former Microsoft employees Mike
Harrington and Gabe Newell whose name might ring a few bells they bought a the package to modify
the quake engine and they hacked the shit out of it to design this game and by the time they were
done the quake engine had grown into something called gold source which is how source which was
the big engine that half-life 2 and left 4 dead is based off of that's how they got that name so
the original half-life was a modified a quake engine game it was published by believe it or
not Sierra entertainment or what Sierra online had become before it finally closed after you
know that after they made all the King's Quest and Space Quest games so yeah developed by valve
you know a little company you might have heard of published by Sierra online and it was released
November 19th of 1998 on the windows PC platform and of course anyone who remembers the 90s know
that as far as first-person shooters go there were the two big titles Wolfenstein 3d which set
the place for doom which at the place for Duke Nukem 3d what half-life did differently and how
how it got so much critical acclaim was the storytelling which was done through the map
while you were playing also it was a continuous like doom and hexen and Duke Nukem 3d there was
a there was a final checkpoint of the stage where you have to hit the button or go through the door
and it says you have completed here's the par time here's your time yeah half-life was just like a
big I mean it just kept going and going there were a little chapter marks so when you got to a
certain plot point in the game and you uncovered a new area a subtitle would say you know chapter
two office complex so you know that you're progressing through the story but other than
that it was like a big ant farm you were in Black Mesa which was a military industrial private firm
that made like nuclear weapons for the government in Arizona and you play Gordon Freeman a physicist
who is doing an experiment on some alien moon rock that is given to him in strange circumstances and
when he does a test on it a dimensional rip from an alien world hostile alien world opens in all
these aliens pour out and it turns out that they were working on portal technology like game portal
which came much later and while developing this portal stuff they accidentally tapped into an
evil alien overworld and critters showed up and oh no it was critters yeah it's one of the best
rated first-person shooters of all time I think it's got a 97 or 98 on Metacritic the other big
thing which was unprecedented at the time was that the marine soldiers that come in and like in
chapter four or five to kill you it they actually had an AI believe it or not because the demons in
doom and the aliens in Duke Nukem 3d were pretty dumb you know you you could hide behind cover you
just run out and shoot them in half-life if you duck for cover the computer would know to tell
the the NPCs to then throw a grenade and the aiming on the grenade was accurate so you'd be
hiding behind a box or around a corner and you would see a grenade it's like oh shit and no one
had ever played a game that hard before where you had to actually think about how to go about
killing your enemies half-life was also very different where there wasn't really multiplayer
which was really big in that day or was there like co-op I don't there it came later there was um
there was half-life deathmatch and also counter strike which is the biggest that was the that's
also a hack of the gold source engine but when valve opened up the game as it was released did
not have your quake style multiplayer your Duke Nukem 3d correct that's kind of interest that
came later it was still so successful without that component I mean granted it came later and
now you have also you know valve is very well known for that stuff but it wasn't a part of
the original game and the opening of half-life is Gordon Freeman getting into the tram to go
it's in the morning he's going to his day at work and it's you don't really get to control your
character at all it's about a two or three minute intro where you're just on this tram going through
the Black Mesa facility and what it's kind of doing is showing you the game like this is what
you're going to be dealing with once shit goes down there's a part where you kind of are crawling
through the Grand Canyon and skilling all these cliffs and you'll see the sewers and then finally
the tram stops and it lets you out and a first-person shooter had never really tried to
do storytelling in that way before the designer of Bioshock if you remember the intro of Bioshock
where you the plane crash lands and you're in the water and you go into the lighthouse and you're
in the bathysphere and you see rapture the city that is inspired by the tram sequence in half-life
they've just said that it's exactly a direct homage to what half-life did there were a few
flaws of course with half-life and there were a lot of bullshit weapons in it that you never
use they're like 15 different weapons you only needed like five of them way too long especially
since the last chapter of the game you actually you go to the alien world to kill the big brain
fetus that part was really ugly and it had a lot of first-person platform we have to jump on shed
or else you fall off and die even today in 2012 you put jumping puzzles in a first-person shooter
people like fuck now this is stupid I don't want to do this half-life near the end of that of its
cycle had a ton of that stuff so it wasn't without its flaws I believe it's also one of the as far
as PC exclusive shooters the best-selling this made along this may not be true any longer but
there was a point where if you bought a new sound card you got a copy a free copy of half-life you
bought a graphics card or a new computer like you got a circuit CD you get the package deal well now
it's download game and half-life will cost 50 cents at some point yeah so an absurd amount of
millions of units sold of this game and half-life 2 of course came out in 2004 launched the steam
store platform which of course no one knew at the time what the fuck that was and now steam is
totally integral to PC gaming and without any of this we would have never had portal yeah or portal
to our game of the year this yeah aperture science which is the main company and portal is hinted at
as being in bidding wars with the government against Black Mesa and always losing so they're
kind of like the shitty little kid brother of Black Mesa anything else you say about half-life
it's awesome I do a full playthrough of it at least once or twice a year it's hard as hell I
can't honestly beat it without using a god mode code for at least some parts of it but it's
definitely awesome and if you like first-person shooters you want to know you want to know what
all the hype is about when people lose their shit about where is half-life 3 god damn it play this
and figure out okay I can see why I want more of this but do keep in mind the game is you know 12
years old at this point yes so but there's been newer versions you know there's a fan community
project it's pretty much vaporware called Black Mesa source which was it's not related to valve
at all but the valve is absolutely given it it's given them their blessing a complete reskin of
half-life with completely redrawn textures like a total remake of it that hasn't come out yet and
it's been planned for like five or six years all right well that's gonna do it for our classic game
of the week this week half-life released originally in 98 for the PC get your crowbars all right all
right we're gonna take a quick break guys but we'll be back with plenty more of orange lounge
radio there's still more to come we got some rapid-fire news coming your way if he's the week
the mailbag and more announcements and things of that sort so don't go anywhere guys we'll be right
back with plenty more of orange lounge radio welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio we
are live on this January the 15th of 2012 with the 442nd episode of our program of course we
are taping live as we always do every week at all games radio all games.com 6 o'clock Pacific 9
o'clock Eastern right after Bobby Black Wolf and we've talked a lot in part 8 tonight we talked
about Diablo 3 we talked about the Mortal Kombat complete edition we even talked a little bit about
kid and play who haven't been around since what the 90s but apparently they are still there one
thing I wanted to mention at the top of the segment here in part B an announcement of sorts
that we're gonna make tonight is you might remember one thing we're pimping and pimping
and pimping here on the show towards the end of the year last year was home loud which of course
is a fundraiser that happens in the Bay Area San Francisco which is a fundraiser for the child's
play charity which made well let's let's be real a shit ton of money this year for a good cause it
seems like it's doubling every year which is amazing I think the final tally was somewhere
around like $26,000 I might be misquoting that a little bit I don't have the number in front of me
but it made a great amount of money for charity which is awesome well the reason why I bring it
up again is because the official pre-show which I was asked to be a part of and I'm very thankful
I was a part of that is now posted up on YouTube for everybody to check out so I will paste the
link in chat there for you guys if you haven't already seen it because I know it was out on the
umlaut Facebook and stuff earlier or for those of you guys listening on the podcast just just head
on over to YouTube user umlaut SF that's U M L O U D SF and you can see the entire pre-show as well
as they've gone ahead and they've kind of cropped every band performance out so that the band folks
can share it with their friends and all that so everything right from the comfort of your own
home they're from umlaut I do ask if you are gonna watch the hour and a half long pre-show
for about the first 20 minutes just skip all the segments have me until about about 20 minutes in
because unfortunately there was some audio snafu and I think I have a Jessica Simpson moment but
you know what it's live things like that happen we've had our share of lol wtf moments here on
orange lounge radio like remember when the entire sound board fell over that was a good time so
anyhow big thanks once again to umlaut for asking me to be a part of that including of course the
wonderful seg who I think is in our chat room I saw him there earlier hello seg and the other guys
that put the pre-show together the whole folks of the AV society very professional folks and my
fellow co-hosts on that show carnage and Wes both from destructoid were great and did very well with
all the interviews and everything so lots and lots of interviews and folks okay so again that's
YouTube user umlaut SF and by the way you can still donate so you can still if you forgot if
you're like oops I meant to donate but you know it was December was a rough month well you can
still donate so I don't think it'll go to this year's tally but it will go to a good cause and
that's the very important part all right let's move on with some rapid-fire news some other game
news going on there this week Loki yes so let's start things off talking a little bit about Saints
Row the third this is kind of cool this is something that I know I heard about a while ago
it was announced by chief s gamer because involves cheap ED but cheap ED is gonna be in Saints Row
the third as a homie that you can actually get to back up your your gang member in missions which is
kind of cool you can actually download him as either part of gank people sevens DLC which is
gonna cost you seven bucks or free if you happen to you know have the season pass or you can get
it for free using the gank people seven viewer pack which allows you to get all the DLC portions
to be able to play co-op with someone that has that DLC if you choose not to buy it and of course
the only catch is that you need to get to the point in the game where you're at the first save
house which you know doesn't take that long because that's when you homies but uh even I'm
at that point yeah I mean if I could play that long if a game can hold my attention that long
you can do it it's pretty awesome and he does have a bunch of unique lines apparently in the
game we got popcorn over here would you like popcorn it's plain popcorn though it's that's
fine it's gross it's pretty bad popcorn right I eat low fat or the low butter popcorn sometimes
of course I couldn't find that the source I have regular butter now haha all right oh well it is
playing yeah apparently it's all the hell out of that what I heard about cheap ED I think he won
some type of auction thing and oh yeah maybe yeah it was like a charity thing I knew about that
auction I would have paid like $2,000 or something to do it so um I don't know if it made the news
tonight because I think it might be kind of late-breaking and I really apologize I'm like
scanning over the upcoming stories there's rumors going around about thq that apparently they're in
trouble right now and they're selling off or something about all of the projects coming out
in 2014 for thq have been cancelled and I think they're trying to prepare the company to be sold
I don't think they're in trouble mm-hmm pretty good I mean where does a rumor like that come
from industry insider well I know that but like who would make something like that up that's a
weird rumor to make up well it's still ways off I mean 2014 I mean I don't know maybe they're just
who they bought by I mean EA or Activision who else who else buys up gaming companies all right
anyway I'm sorry because I don't see them like kind of going that way right now because I mean
how other companies have worse I have a worse time than they do I mean sometimes you get surprised
PopCap why did PopCap sell they were doing great I mean you look at Capcom Capcom didn't do that
great I mean they have Street Fighter Marvel vs. Capcom but I don't think that would sold tons I
mean they really have any big games and I mean Warner Brothers had Batman so that helped but
they didn't have bad you know Harry Potter and Lego Harry Potter yeah I don't think so all right
let's move on all right and some other cool stuff Dark Souls there's hopefully chance that it'll be
coming to PC and of course the admin for the Dark Souls game they responded to a request for a PC
version and basically said there's always a possibility to have games adapted on PC and the
good news is Dark Souls is not a 100% typical console game so the option is possible now to
make things happen let's say the demand has to be properly done someone make a successful petition
and so there is a petition right now you can sign it it has currently around 37,000 signatures and
if it hit some arbitrary number then maybe they'll be a Dark Souls PC game which would be kind of
neat and last but not least Silent Hill Silent Hill it was supposed to be coming out earlier
in 2011 of course downpour has been delayed to March and that is where you're gonna be able to
find a lot of Silent Hill games this year Silent Hill downpour of course coming out on March 13th
I'm sorry March yeah March 13th and then the HD collection will be coming out on March 6th and
then on the Vita a book of memories will be coming out March 27th so it's a whole month
full of Silent Hill whether that be a good or bad thing all right we talked a little bit about
Silent Hill already earlier in the show what another movie to another movie but I mean
they announced it wasn't terrible the first one it was alright I really like the first movie yeah
it's good just man the games that last game that they put out was not very good and this one I'm
not sure if it's gonna be very good either and I don't know if was it frozen memories was not the
one of the Wii I don't know if that was any good either hmm it was a lot of running all right
moving on this isn't necessarily about video gaming but it's about a game that like influences
a lot of shit in video gaming and that is Dungeons & Dragons and there's some big news this week
about Dungeons & Dragons it's a little bit controversial Wizards of the Coast is working
on a new edition of Dungeons & Dragons which is kind of weird to me in a way like it seems like
they're they're pumping these out faster than versions of Google Chrome all of a sudden like
wasn't the original version of D&D in the 70s and then they had one in the 80s or like no
wouldn't second edition was all the way in the there was D&D and then there was a D&D okay and
then they consolidated those two brands so they're kind of what there was a tricky other version in
there yeah okay so whatever but it seems like you know it goes at least every seven years but we how
long ago is fourth edition fourth edition was just a few years ago right cuz I remember all
the comparisons to World of Warcraft yeah well apparently they're working on another one which
you don't find that's that's fair and you know D&D always has room to evolve and get better and
so forth but the fifth edition of the game is apparently seeking user input quote we seek to
build a foundation for the long-term health and growth of D&D one rooted in the vital traits that
make D&D unique and special we want a game that rises above differences of play styles campaign
settings and additions one that takes the fundamental essence of D&D and brings us to the
forefront of the game in short we want a game that is as simple or as complex as you please
it's action focused on combat intrigue and exploration as you desire we want a game that
is unmistakably D&D but one that can easily become your D&D the game that you want to run and play
that is from their official announcement that they sent out earlier this week and they say by
involving you in the process we can build a set of D&D rules that incorporate the wants and desires
of D&D gamers around the world so they are going to I guess at least are claiming that they're
going to be user input in a lot of features of this game wasn't there supposed to be a lot of
user input Mega Man Legends 3 2 and look where that got womp womp no but I'm not you know
obviously D&D is a classic game but gonna be very interesting to see what direction it gets taken
in I mean you would think the people that play it regularly would would know a lot but sometimes I
don't know like I go to World of Warcraft which obviously heavily influenced by D&D right World
of Warcraft almost listened too much to its vocal fan base in this latest one like Cataclysm really
kind of catered to a lot of the very vocal people and because of that it's the weakest expansion
and then suddenly everyone hates this expansion including those vocal people so I'm just saying I
know it's a little you know weird to say on the show where every gamer has a voice but you gotta
you gotta balance it I mean there's still some decisions you're gonna have to make with that
that's why they're fans and not game developers yeah so all right spazinator says my input D&D
needs more T&A I don't know what circles you're playing in but you might want to I'm sure there's
plenty of people that will be games had planned T&A I mean there's I can't tell you how many
times we went all the problems on the roll for whatever exactly I want to get drunk if there's
any chicks there I want to do them all right also the Simpsons arcade game is coming to Xbox 360 and
we absolutely know this now because some of the achievements have leaked to the Xbox 360
achievements org website one of them is called mr. sparkle and what's interesting about that is
that the components of the mr. sparkle achievement say from stage one make it to stage three bosses
in survival mode within the Japanese ROM so that is spoiling of sorts the fact that in this Simpsons
arcade game that's gonna come out on 360 you're gonna be able to play the original or us I guess
ROM but you also get to play the Japanese ROM apparently the Japanese ROM has lower difficulty
more health items more points and the ability to jump while holding a weapon very interesting so
that's gonna be in that release and lastly kind of some rumors going around this is big big rumors
but apparently retro studios which is one of the big nintendo developers right what a retro studios
do did they did they do that on okay Donkey Kong they have made a hire from uncharted 3 developer
naughty dog and apparently somebody from Darksiders staff so they're bringing in some folks from the
UM you know big releases over there Eric Kozlowski who used to be with naughty dog has said that this
new project is well let me just read the quote here quote I'm going to work on another project
that I am super excited about I can't talk about it too much but if all goes well it might just be
one of my crowning achievements as an artist it's another Zelda game you think yeah because they've
already you know they you know put for some effort into making stuff for Mario Kart and I think that
they were you know they've been commented about saying no hey we'd love to get our hands on Zelda
I think it's a Zelda like spin-off or something like that new like type of Zelda game well Zelda
or not it could be very interesting to see what this is because this could be that big announcement
at e3 like here is what the core gamer is gonna want to Wii U for yeah but see here's the thing
though remember when they said the same thing about Metroid other M how did that do it just
like tanked I mean so I don't know why the other M wasn't terrible it tanked it take no no I don't
any wrong yeah game itself wasn't no it's not terrible that's the problem though there's a lot
of not terrible games that come out and they're pretty decent like you know mad world or even
uh conduit or you know some of the other ones out there and killer and not killer seven but no more
heroes those are not terrible games but they don't sell and fuck if you can't sell a Metroid game on
them on a Nintendo system you got problems all right let's move on with some more rapid-fire
news Allen for those who remember the XCOM franchise from the 90s the company named for
axis I do showed up at e3 last year saying that they were gonna bring back the franchise I
completely missed the XCOM train when I was in junior high in high school well if you ever won
I had the entire XCOM collection I bought on Steam for like four bucks which has like five
XCOM games they were pretty awesome I just old ones were they got really old ones were so they've
we haven't seen much about the FPS version of the XCOM game under or rather under the XCOM license
that for axis is bringing back and that's because that it's being pushed to 2013 has been canceled
I guess maybe they're having problems imagining how XCOM would function as an FPS but they're
still developing it they just need more time however the XCOM strategy reboot which I guess
is more here here's more to what XCOM originally was is still on board for a 2012 release they've
also renamed the game to XCOM forever go figure okay this has it here is XCOM enemy unknown so
it's like Duke Nukem forever I'm trolling I'm tired it was like a low flying jet over my head
it was a bad Joe is bad going over me also so next quick fire story is there's a game that was put
on Kickstarter which is like I have a great idea and please fund my project I only need five grand
and me and my friend will design this and blah blah blah a game called Oregon Trail not Oregon
the state but Oregon like a kidney Oregon Trail director's cut a success on Kickstarter so it's
going to be a zombie filled spoof of the Oregon Trail where I guess you've got a map and you're
trying to survive getting from point A to point B destination where of course the big stronghold
is that is keeping the zombies out and they they met their Kickstarter goal so hopefully that will
be developed and released and I want to have a grand old time and this image here it looks like
they've got some pixelated Sean from Sean of the Dead and some of the characters from Zombieland
and sort of a apple to ease sort of the color graphics that Oregon Trail had good times yeah
so yay for Kickstarter and indie games last story I have is that there is a unofficial patchwork
GLaDOS GPS voice sound pack that's awesome turn left you moron and it looks like the files should
work with the Garmin mobile XT units I was thinking maybe it might be TomTom because they're the huge
sort of standalone GPS because they have a ton of voices like you get a James Earl Jones and Samuel
Jackson yeah this yeah this here had lists yes there is a Samuel Jackson motherfucker can you
do it seriously that is it there's mr. T there it's got to be a macho man savage one I don't know
go straight six miles oh yeah let's see destination on the left boy no I know they have like a Darth
Vader one Tom Tom voices let's see here Wow you know I kind of need a GPS here you go here you go
Marge Simpson that's one of the newest ones that they're highlighting now I kind of want a GPS that
might be kind of fun Homer Simpson Roger Moore Kim Cattrall kit Kim Cattrall Kim Cattrall fuck
would you want Kim Cattrall doing your Yoda like it's just her howling from Porky's even my mother
would be like the fuck is this Yoda Han Solo SpongeBob SquarePants C3po Yosemite Sam Bugs Bunny
Dora the Explorer Darth Vader where some of the other funny ones here the fuck is that man I don't
understand I don't even know Burt Reynolds I've heard the Burt Reynolds one Billy Connolly Dennis
Hopper all right anyway Dennis Hopper has been dead how long if you have a Garmin mobile xt I
guess any of them there's a whole line of them go under reddit and look this up because it's a it
was posted to reddit I guess it's reddit people that piece this together but yeah GLaDOS in your
car telling you how to get to Walmart Daria some of the folks in our chat room Rama says GLaDOS
is already on TomTom so I guess this is some new thing so whatever all right that still sounds kind
of awesome to me all right let's move on Loki I'll stop looking at voices um of all these dead
celebrities and can there are a lot of dead people on there and some people that should be dead
you're mean but anyways uh CES they showed off a few things obviously a lot of TVs including some
new smart TVs or web-enabled TVs that have a guy time and on life support guy kind of course coming
to some brand new LG TVs and you'll be able to stream games straight to the TV using the
interface on there also coming to Google TVs would be on live service and I'm guessing they'll allow
you to purchase the universal controller and stream stuff straight to the TV which you have
to use their player app for that no word on what other devices maybe you know the stuff will be
coming to but it's kind of neat that someday you'll be able to get TVs that stream games
straight to them and I mean if you think about it you know really these consoles if you will
will never go away because they just keep updating the hardware on their end and they can keep
running all the new games you never have to buy a new console again well tilt the resolution it's
really better it's very interesting this is a very interesting direction having the consoles
directly built into the TVs essentially I mean I realize these are kind of different still kind of
growing things but how long before Microsoft puts out their own TV with a built-in Xbox and connect
is right in the top of the TV on these two little cameras well even on top of I could see that in
the next three years all the console manufacturers go you know streaming then you don't need to buy
the console you can play you can play Twisted Metal and then you can play Fable you can play
you know resistance and dead central I mean it's all on one thing could be very interesting and
then well I think they've already said that the major developers at least Sony I don't know if
they've said got a quote from Microsoft but are committed to still doing like a disk based or
physical media based format just because you know especially with 250 gigabyte caps still in most
homes like there's no way to you know download entire games you know and all that is still kind
of a ways away before these huge epic you know games that fill a blu-ray we really download
right into our homes all the time you know what I mean so I think the next generation of games
still gonna have a physical base format but you know two generations from now this is what we
could be looking at I think a lot of people thought we would be a download only at this
point but as far as Gaikai and on live are concerned I guess we are so would this would
this would this be a feature that would interest you in a TV at all guys or is this just and
whatever it's more and whatever for me I mean it's a neat it's neat technology for sure Alan
you might be in the market for a new TV soon is this something we should look to get yeah yeah
all right well moving on something that may be built in that you don't want so much I don't know
we'll see but Mass Effect 3 of course is coming out on PC as well as the various consoles but
Mass Effect 3 on the PC it will require origin it will not work on Steam as you know EA and
valve are in a little bit of a quarrel right now Alan you look like you're dying to comment
on that situation yeah they're having a wang contest they're yeah get out the ruler boys
what does it all boil down to the fact that EA is not only are they a publisher and developer
like valve is but they are also a medium of commerce distribution so now we have two storefronts
like I don't know target and Walmart or Macy's and pennies that offer the same thing and then
they're just having a cockfight over well here's distribution here's how EA puts it in their press
release quote during initial release Mass Effect 3 will be available on origin and a number of
other third-party digital retailers but not on Steam at this time Steam has adopted a set of
restrictive terms of service which limit how developers interact with customers to deliver
patches and other downloadable content we are intent on providing Mass Effect to players with
the best possible experience no matter where they purchase or play their game and are happy to
partner with any download service that does not restrict our ability to connect directly with our
consumers and I believe it's the whole fact that when you have a game on Steam patches come through
Steam and EA doesn't want that also this happened Dragon Age 2 which I mentioned during my gaming
week that I'm playing I had to install origins to get da2 digitally it was on Steam for a couple
months this was a big story like last year and it was on Steam and they took it down because valve
and Steam had a problem with how EA handled the DLC basically what it means is if you buy a game
on Steam valve wants you to be able to buy DLC for it through through the game itself like you
load the game and then through the game interface you can buy DLC or buy the DLC a la carte via
Steam with Dragon Age 2 you had to go to EA's website so valve wasn't doing the transaction
like you weren't actually doing the credit card transaction through valve or through Steam and
they didn't like that so that's what got da2 kicked off of Steam so now EA is basically
saying we are making the game and we have a store so you have to buy it through our store
well now they are swearing up and down but even if you don't buy it in the origin store you have
to install origin that's that's another big thing that's what half-life 2 did that's true that's
true but here you go now they are saying they're swearing origins not spyware quote origin is not
spyware and does not use or install spyware on users machines in order to allow origin to install
games and their patches for everyone to use origin implements a permission change that results in
windows not origin reviewing the file names in the program data origin folder this is an ordinary
windows function not an information gathering process so basically they're trying to say we
swear we're not spying on you we just want to get our store on your computer now to be fair
as alan mentioned this is what valve did several years ago and it pissed people off then to
activate your cd key and your license for half-life 2 the biggest sequel of the year at
the time in 2004 you had to install this bullshitty steam store what the fuck is this i just want to
play half-life 2 and um of course the servers were overwhelmed at the time because it was
unprecedented but yeah now i hope i'm saying this uh name right in our chat room but it's aham kara
and our term says steam is better and i have more games there already so they win end of story origin
can suck it and i think that's the way a lot of people kind of feel right now is that it's like
i don't want another store i this is very similar to what loki was talking about probably an hour
ago with the whole uh movie stuff right at the top of the show with that whole like fact that warner
brothers wants to force people to use ultraviolet and i'm like people don't want that they don't
want one store focused on one company and it's it just the consumer is gonna lose in this because
there's gonna be all these different stores it's like i don't want all these now here's the thing
though is people they think that people are either gonna buy it at retail or wait 56 days to watch it
they're not gonna like want to rent it or they're gonna stream it via their service or they'll
pirate or they'll pirate it that they will pirate it that's what's gonna happen i mean and for those
wondering if they have mass effect one and two digital delectations which were available and
is still available via steam if they can import your save games because the plot is continuous
through the third because it's a trilogy the whole story is going to wrap up with mass effect 3
yes of course if you have the previous two games even through steam it will sniff your save game
file and mass effect 3 will continue with the choices your character has made your version of
shepherd so again and if you know if ea doesn't want steam to sell it then it's it's not you know
there it's not going to be on steam if you really if this origin thing pisses you off
even if you go to best buy and buy a hard box copy of it at a store real store it's going to
put origin on your system there's no way to get around this unless you go to a crack site but to
be fair exactly what half-life 2 did yeah six or seven years ago yeah so but there were also cracked
versions of half-life 2 that's true yeah that's what's going to happen here yeah so all these
companies think they know what gamers want gamers want to be left the fuck alone that's what a lot
of gamers want anyhow all right we're going to take a moment to uh you know we say it's the show
where every gamer has a voice and one way we interact with you guys is through our email bag
you guys send us emails every week mailbag at orange lounge radio.com and dark soccer
will usually dive in the mailbag and read your emails but she's not here she's she's out partying
tonight with her pals uh it's not a bachelorette party i don't think it's just you know fun girl
girl fun or something that's going on tonight so um alan is going to do his best dark soccer
impersonation not really and do the mailbag dan coffee that was good that was good that was like
an eight out of ten good job all right uh but you're gonna read the at least a couple this
first email is really political i'm not sure if you want me to i thought i read these beforehand
um now what the hell we only have two emails tonight right what the hell so the backstory
about this before i jump into the email and if you have a problem with this just don't be an ass in
chat because jamie would probably kick you and i would kick you too in her place so that's how i'm
going to step up and be dark skirt tonight um the girl scouts allow transgender girls into their into
a certain chapter and if the parents present them as a girl and you know they they go by a girl name
they can be in the girl scouts even though they were born biologically something else there's a
huge um there's a right wing you know people within the girl scouts that have a huge problem
with this and they're asking that people not buy girl scout cookies until these children are thrown
out just so you know alan i think our listeners are pretty smart yeah and that they're nobody's
gonna have a problem i i know but it's just we all think that bitch is crazy yeah so so now people
who are supportive of the transgender kids or girls being in the girl scouts are hearing about
this boycott boycott and they're like i fucking want to buy cookies because this sounds awesome
it's you know it's it's access to you know different different types of people um so here's
the email after all that backstory uh dear persone after reading dark secura's tumblr post about the
girl scout boy girl scout cookie boycott i did what i usually do in response to these kinds to
these kind of right wing protests i sought out a way to do the exact opposite of what those i
completely disagree with tell me not to do being antisocial and not having nieces who are currently
girl scouts i searched to see if i could buy scroll girl scout cookies online however i was
not able to find any in fact according to the link at the end of this email girl scouts of america
does not allow their cookies to be sold online my question is why there are a great number of
shut-ins that are yearning for the kind of awesome samoan goodness that are not possible that they
cannot possibly get on any samoan porn site these people have loads of excess income that can be
easily spent on fundraisers that fund the instilling freedom and independence into the mind
of young girls across this great land without programs such as the ones done by the girl scouts
of america more women may become shut-ins like the men that could the men that could potentially
fund the gsa i urge everyone to i urge everyone to urge the girl scouts of america to allow the
sale of girl scout cookies online i don't know how to do that for i am too busy playing skyrim
stay black uh redertainment um here's the thing i think the reason why they don't want you to buy
them online is keep in mind that you know the whole stuff they're trying to teach in the girl
scouts i think is part of the whole like going out and you know they want the girls to be able to you
know get out in the community and sell them and i think you know even though you make the case i
don't want to leave my house the problem is they want the girl scouts to leave the house to do it
it's to teach the the scouts customer service and how to count money and how to run a budget and
blah blah blah exactly so for that i mean you don't have the girls in a factory doing all this
i mean maybe i don't know but you know they're not going to learn as much from that i think it's
about being out there in the community being visible that's why they're out in the grocery
stores and things like that because you know redertainment at some point you're gonna have
to get out of the house and go get groceries i mean well then again and they're usually parked
out at Safeway well now like amazon and some Safeway and some shit will deliver the groceries
to you so maybe not i don't know but there's gonna come a point in your life where even that's not
gonna work it's gonna be like i need to get something i ran out of you know and the delivery
service isn't working and you will run into a little girl scout who will be smiling and if
would you like to buy a girl scout cookie if they open up online ordering oh god damn case oh god
damn case oh god because they only make a certain amount a year because you know they give the boxes
to whatever the chapters are in each state they go out to the little suburbs they would have to
make a shitload more cookies and they would have to do fulfillment and how to ship it and pricing
and blah blah blah so it's it's really just about the scouts going out into the community and
selling cookies and that's i don't think that's going to change but it'd be nice but if they
sold them online there'd be no point in setting up the little tables and irritating you you know so
i mean but to be irritating you when i always buy the girl scout cookies because like you know when
i you know for me usually it's kind of like you know i'll be walking in stores and girl scouts
are here and like would you like to buy girl scout cookies i'm like fucking yeah yeah i'll
have one yeah one girl scout cookies thank you for being here oh my god i miss samoa's so much
or whatever they're called now so thin mints all the way and the peanut butter ones get out all
right that email had nothing to do with video games well i guess sometimes people eat girl
scout cookies while playing video games so there you go yeah all right hi folks i listen sorry i
gotta read this comment from our chat chat orange laundry dot com uh sj100 matt says so it will be
like ever quest and we can type slash girl scout cookies just like yeah can you still do that and
ever ever quest went free or ever quest to win they had the pizza head of the round table plug-in
yeah slash pizza oh god that was like a running gag on olr for a year it was the whole slash pizza
thing i wonder if they still do that because you know i've requested free to play and all that yeah
it's awesome hi folks i listened to last night's show today enjoyed it as always i have to chip in
on this hope of discussion i think this blackout day has to happen most people who are not plugged
into the geek community have no concept of what it is or what it means what's worse is because the
media wants wants it in the news what's worse is because the media wants it in the news networks
are not bringing it to the forefront i wouldn't wait until the 23rd but do it on the 20th to allow
for the desired backlash against the bill to build this would also be too big of a story for the major
news outlets to ignore what gets me the most is the congressman pushing it it is extremely dismissive
of the critics including internet and security experts including vincent surf it seems he doesn't
care because the big media filling his coffers wants it and the heck with representing his
constituents or observing the constitution think about that next time you're at the ballot box
all very good points obviously there's been a lot of changes with SOPA just like over the weekend and
um it's coming up on our show a little later so um if you haven't already heard i'll kind of clarify
some of the developments with SOPA long story short it sounds like we're being heard and that's
a great thing all the way at the top we're being heard well so president obama put out a statement
about it right yes which we'll cover a little later wink wink oh but you know he's been known
to say one thing and then all of a sudden yeah yeah so but i mean yeah so it's it's kind of one
of those we've won the battle but not won the war type of thing because you know then the MPAA put
out this whole thing about you know well it's all these thieves are just trying to win and da da da
da and it's kind of like take a chill pill the movie industry has been suffering not because
of piracy but because the movies have been bad and that was uh take care signed wendy that was
from wendy or the fact that you know what when it costs 51 dollars for three people to go see a
movie that they could have rented at blockbuster for 250 you know it's like there's the problem
hollywood get your head out of your butt anyhow we'll talk a little more about those SOPA updates
a little later those are two emails my bag is over mailbag at orange lounge radio.com send us
your emails on whatever is going on in the gaming world this week meanwhile some more gaming news we
are going to get to your calls in just a little bit and your twitter topics so get those twitter
topics locked in at twitter.com slash olr you got about five more minutes to get those in and we
will be taking your calls in a little bit at 1877 game olr or a username on skype if you don't
already have us on there you should add us orange lounge radio that's all one word if you want to
give us a call a little later on we still have a few more stories don't call just yet actually
before we get to the stories it's very important that we have our moment to rant it's a little
segment we do here called the FUs of the week why because we can
loki we'll start with you tonight uh fuck you the locksmith that fixed my car um because not only
did you arrive two hours late but you also drilled a hole into my ignition which looks weird and also
left a bunch of metal shavings all over my car didn't bother to fix that thanks i'll definitely
pass out your cards uh alan give me a fuse of the week i'm a very finicky and light sleeper
so if i'm it doesn't matter how amazing and comfortable a sleeping arrangement is if i've
never slept there before it's gonna take me an hour or two to fall asleep and i'm running on
about two hours of sleep right now it doesn't help that i'm always helping you in the back here yeah
so i'm i'm so tired like i always love you know pitching in to help co-host olr but i feel like
i'm slurring my words that's how tired i am so they're waking up every hour with me
he has me it's like i'm trying trying to read allen you're snoring shut up i'm like yeah
sorry i'm only i only saw when i'm exhausted so yeah i'm like trying to read emails uh words
i'm gonna fall asleep so yeah f you to being tired and also just being a finicky priss of
asleep sleeper fair enough um i don't really have a lot to be mad about i have a three-day
weekend this weekend that's awesome like how can i be in a bad mood i don't have to go to work
tomorrow um i have the day off to do whatever i want f you to the fact that alan is so tired that
we won't be able to go anywhere in the morning um but otherwise i i'm i'm really pretty happy with
a lot of things right now so um i was kind of tired earlier today though so f you to uh being
really tired f you to the fact that i can't stay up as late anymore it seems like like i used to
like like i used to be able to easy stay up for rocky horror and be up till 3 34 in the morning
but now i get fucking tired at like 12 31 is because i'm old i think that's it fuck and
disneyland is having a 24-hour day for leap day i will february 29th and it's like oh we're gonna
ride space mountain at four in the morning it's gonna be fucking awesome i'm like how the hell am
i gonna stay up until four jesus christ monster i never drink that kind of shit but i'll do it for
disney 24 hours of disney and my clubbing days are over i don't do disco naps anymore
when we started this show we were ranting about getting into our mid-20s now it's our mid-30s
wah all right uh let's move on with some gaming news loki all right um let's talk a little bit
about uh a witch hunt that was going on it's actually kind of funny because it was regarding
uh witcher 2 and people pirating the game i remember back uh was a few months ago or so
when uh cd projects said that they're going to be uh targeting pirates and they're going to be
filing legal action against them and um you know eventually they penned an open letter to the gaming
community where they you know said they're going to stop doing that and um you know apparently
though there's no still saying you know piracy hurts them but uh you know i don't know i don't
know why they stopped i'm guessing that they had less of you know uh good luck than uh they had
hoped finding the people that stole the stuff from them i would say it's either bad pr or realized it
was going to cost them too much money you know probably just one of those when they kind of
really thought about what they were doing they realized it wasn't cost effective or something
you know i guess i'm kind of surprised they don't pursue one or two to make an example
but i don't know maybe or maybe maybe just crazy thought here maybe it has something to do with
they watched the whole internet backlash for go daddy i think a lot of people watched what
happened with that whole thing where go daddy really got pressured by their customer to change
their stance on soba and you know obviously they were wrong on soba and they should have
turned around but i mean it was really money talks in that case and i bet a lot of tech companies are
looking at that going dude don't piss off the internet i mean after all it's they're they're
the ones giving us money uh here's the actual reason why they stopped it says all right um
basically it says our fans have always remained have been remain our great greatest concern and
we pride ourselves on the fact that you all know that we listen to you and take your opinions to
heart while we are confident that no one who legally owns one of our games has been required
to compensate us for copyright infringement we value our fans our supporters and our community
too highly to take the chance that we might even falsely accuse even one individual so apparently
there's foolproof way of change of heart well you know and in a way you know what if the whole
thing went to trial and so forth and then it doesn't go their way i mean maybe they're really
afraid of that so i mean that could be part of it too so yeah all right anyhow uh moving on to
video games saving lives you know we've unfortunately had a report a lot of times on
the show about you know dumbass murders their friend over an xbox game but very rarely do you
hear the stories about how video games save people's lives and you'll never guess what game
was credited with saving a life i know this is this is a stretch but it's making the rounds and
we should talk about it words with friends is a very popular ios it's fucking scrabble like i know
they they're not allowed to say it's scrabble it's great but it's fucking scrabble okay words of
friends is fucking scrabble on the iphone it's words with friends is like bull cart
and scrabble is like mario kart although they actually remember to change
moo moo farm on the banner like they would change the board and words of friends but anyway
one of the deal about words with friends is that you could uh actually chat you can chat with
people that you're playing with and i actually have friends that will play i don't like words
with friends personally i just i you know why i don't like words with friends because it's too
easy to cheat it is way too easy because it's not a live game and i've been tempted to do this just
go to go on google and find an anagram finder go on anagram.net or whatever it is and it's even
easier than that and yeah seriously now they have apps where you take a screen print of your words
with friends and then you run it through the app and it tells you here's the best play i mean it's
like now i could play with people that i know wouldn't cheat but like i just if i have the
alerts on my fucking phone goes off at 2 30 in the morning with some of my you know some of my
friends stay up later they're on different coasts or whatever so one of my friends on the east coast
will just be getting up for the day at 6 a.m and makes their work makes their play in words with
friends and here i am fast asleep at 3 a.m that wakes me up more than it wakes you up i know
right so words of friends can be very dangerous in that regard so if i play with alerts off though
then i after about a week i'm like ah fuck it and then yeah i've already forgotten i think i have
some like three moves i have to do right now and i just i yeah well anyway i've been dragging this
out but long story short there was a random match played in word with friends with these you know
two folks one of them was uh an australian and one of them was here in missouri and they just
got randomly matched up but they were chatting with each other and i guess having a very nice
conversation which is almost newsworthy in itself like asl everybody i chat with on the internet
that's usually a stranger is usually a dumbass like no offense you guys i'm talking about the
strangers like if i play random online games with strangers like uno or something like i get the
biggest dumb fucks on the internet you know so i it's a miracle in one that civil people got
together to play this game uh and then apparently uh this guy in australia simon fletcher was
playing words with friends and he started complaining in the chat i've been having
chest pains and whatever like i don't know like how does that even fucking come up in chat like
you just played the word heartburn for 45 points sorry i'm replying so low i i'm i'm typing with
one hand because my arm is having shooting i can't use my right arm right now because i'm
having shooting pain so how does that even come up in a random chat i don't know whatever but
they've been talking about it and beth legler was the opponent uh and uh they were playing against
beth i guess simon his wife were playing against beth and beth luckily was married to a doctor
so kind of told the you know her husband about oh well this i've been playing with this guy
in australia but he's telling me and the guy the doctor said you know what simon needs to
go to a hospital immediately and sure enough when he finally went to the hospital he had a 99
blockage near his heart so it was right to tell the guy to go to a hospital now i get with this
whole like video game saving lives thing or whatever i think that part of it's obviously
getting blown out of proportion just like low he was rolling his eyes at the beginning of the story
this was more about guys being fucking stubborn when it comes to going to the doctor
it's really what let's be real how many of you are in a lot of you probably are guys
those few ladies that are out there listening i know there's a few of you how many of you know
guys that are too stubborn to go to the doctor because they don't want to admit something's
wrong with them or they don't want to admit they're getting old or you know whatever it is
i think this is more a fact that honey a doctor is telling me you need to go to the hospital
you're gonna go to the fucking hospital i know someone whose dad had a minor incident and it
turned out to be serious but he also hadn't set foot in a doctor's office in almost 30 years
that's crazy so it's like and his attitude was you don't see doctors because nothing exists until
they find it and that's when you're sick so if you don't go to the doctor they won't find you
you're in for i mean i realize some people avoid the doctor due to well not having insurance you
know that's a whole nother oprah i'm not going to get into or they avoid the doctor maybe because
of religious reasons i guess but for real if neither of those apply to you and you're just
being fucking stubborn like go don't you want to be healthy all right anyhow so yay words with
friends bringing people together this is the same this could have been about a 1997 aol chat room
you know what i mean whatever all right moving on alan so ces just happened and usually that's a big
electronics and hardware gadgetry uh uh event not so much for the gaming that's mostly saved
of course for tokyo game show and e3 and all that however the biggest gaming related thing
that came out of ces most likely is the project fiona gaming touchscreen tablet by a company
called razor the e r a zer and i must admit looking at the pictures of this thing it looks
like a very uh sexy device it looks well made it's sleek and um it's gonna run an intel ivy
bridge core i7 processor it's going to have three axis tilt gyro functionality a magnet magnetometer
accelerometer force feedback is going to vibrate dolby 7 surround sound with built-in wi-fi
and bluetooth and razor ceo min liang tan explains we are looking to change the whole perception of
tablets this first of its kind pc gaming tablet with integrated dual controllers is definitely
not for playing casual games about unhappy birds or zombie killing flora throwing shade
throwing shade at the iphone games yeah imagine a black ipad that's a little bit thicker and it has
two um i don't want to say they look like wiimotes but they're they're bars that you
hold in your hand like two playstation move navigation yeah just with that without the
the glowy ball at the end yeah they're playstation controllers like the nunchuck of the move yeah
um and again if i didn't mention this earlier it just it it's a portable pc it's it's not it's not
its own proprietary platform like a playstation or 360 it's just it's for pc games you would install
pc games on this and the price point is there say they want it to be below a thousand us but again
there'll be 999.99 and this thing looks awesome and it's like all right it's pc gaming on a
tablet and it's a touchscreen it's got all this cool shit but where's the market because if you
have that kind of money to drop on something like this you can get a comp like a very competent
gaming laptop that is a fucking laptop and you can do laptop shit on it that laptop you're using
right now i bought for 400 well over two years ago because i was with my ex at the time and so it was
like probably about three years old and that cost me 400 that will run warcraft cataclysm on it
yeah not low low settings but you can you can play on it yeah so i mean imagine what a thousand
dollars now would get you you know and so the the display on it is 10.1 inches a diagonal viewable
uh resolution is 1280 by 800 i'm gonna post a link of this into chat it looks like an awesome device
it's great that they're trying to make this but where where's the market who's who's who is this
for i have to agree with this point that cinderwolf said in our chat room at chat orange laundry.com
cinderwolf says did he just say 7.1 surround sound on a tablet like yeah they may be going
or they may be going too far like maybe they don't really need that it's like and if you have a 7.1
surround sound set up and it broadcasts the bluetooth via bluetooth to your fucking speakers
then you're in your house and you have a computer play your games on that unless you've got you're
like on amtrak you've got these backpacks like oh these are my speakers yo and you're setting
them up i don't know you have like uber headphones that can emulate it really fucking well you know
it might be a bit much yeah so the dolby 7.1 chip and firmware is in there at least but yeah exactly
if you've got the speakers then you're probably in your house you can play on your desktop so
yeah i'm gonna it it looks like a hot little device but mom is always on the desktop playing
words with friends with people in australia so maybe that's why i need a tablet it also sounds
like because this tablet is so streamlined that it's going to be able to churn out max
settings graphics on this little tablet that a pc where you you always have to upgrade your graphics
card every two years and it sounds like this is just a total monster visually on how it's
going to render games but who's going to buy it loki is this something that interests you
fuck no why not too damn expensive now i was trying to find out um they have um this this
seriously makes me think like i'm surprised loki doesn't try to build his own version of this for
half as much no no it it's don't get me wrong the what what's in it is pretty powerful it's got a
core i7 inside of it and a bunch of other you know fancy shit and in the form factor is nice but it
looks ridiculous i mean it's not portable at all it's as portable as a laptop is and honestly just
buy a fucking laptop and a controller i mean it it's pretty much and the price point is just
ridiculous i was trying to find they remember they had this is the company that wanted to do
that switchblade which was the m portable mo you know system that was going to revolutionize
everything and then that kind of flopped and then they came out with this really fucking expensive
um keyboard which i cannot find for life me but i swear that keyboard's like 300 bucks
all i have to say though is that you know we're mere probably within a month of the next ipad
announcement right that should come late january february if by some i mean we all know the next
ipad has to fucking be high def has to right and the rumors are swelling and all that stuff it's
going to be more powerful if apple finally decides maybe now is the time to finally put
some type of attachment on the ipad that gives tangible game controls this thing should not even
bother coming out it's fucking dead already like like not to sound all apple fanboy but let's be
real and with the tablet and the two you know move like sony move like gaming sticks i am interested
in how those gaming sticks with the thumb you know thing translates mouse controls but what if
you want to play a first person shooter you need the wasd and the keyboard and stuff so even then
even now this tablet looks like it's gonna limit the experience of the pc games that a laptop or
pc would give you so it's also 100 or it's also like a thousand dollars yeah i mean you can spend
a thousand dollars on a laptop and get a nice laptop yeah all right well let's move on with
a couple more news stories for you guys and then the twitter topics and the skype line at 1 877
game olr loki and also by the time it actually does come out there's going to be something
better and cheaper i mean fuck there switchblade never came out that was shown in e3 i think last
year or ces or some shit okay sorry um anyway so let's talk a little bit about successful
franchises in one successful franchise which i'm just surprised every day and how successful it is
just dance and just dance 3 sold 7 million um copies already worldwide and that's from october
and of course um you know the series itself is moved 25 million units um i would definitely
say that the music franchise is not dead or at least just dances and dead so konami ddr
when have you moved 25 million units ever can i ask how 7 million units ever how does just dance
3 compared to dance central 2 it's a different type of game dance central 2 is more of learning
the actual like dance steps whereas just dance the whole just dance series is more mimicking you
remember when you watched me play that abba game oh yeah we're laughing where you're holding the
thing yeah that's imagine that to katy perry songs that's just dance i mean i what i meant
what i meant was the uh this the units sold the sales oh yeah they're far and beyond dance central
2 well yeah because dance central 2 is connect and everyone of course has a fucking wii so that
makes sense yeah but i i want to say that i would be willing to bet that just dance 3 on the connect
is probably outsold dance central 2 which i don't know i i i haven't played just dance 3
specifically but dance central 2 is so good like it's kind of sad um i had to look up the numbers
but yeah i'd be willing to bet that they they've probably beat them out all right well while you
look that up don't interrupt me wait till i'm done with the story but uh i want to close out today
before we get to the skype line with some more of those um updates on soap up obviously the stop
online piracy act there has been and since that email was sent in and since last week's show there
has been quite a bit of change going on with this and uh for one the um SOPA sponsor lamar smith
came out uh and said he's going to pull the dns blocking provisions from the bill quote after the
consultation with industry groups across the country i feel we should remove domain name
system blocking from the stop online piracy act so that the committee can further examine the
issues surrounding this provision so you know that was obviously one of the big controversial
things is the whole blocking of websites that getting taken out of the bill now also over the
weekend the obama administration is pretty much has already been brought up earlier in the show
but i had it listed here so whatever uh the obama administration basically came out against the
bills in their current form saying in a nutshell i'd i you know i'm gonna really try my best to
summarize this they support that foreign websites and piracy and all this needs to be stopped
but not at the cost of censoring lawful activity and must not as they say in the release inhibit
innovation by our dynamic businesses large and small so in other words they don't want to see
sites get shut down by corporations because of you know flaw wording in this bill which is kind
of where i think a lot of us are at you know i i can see that they need to do something about
foreign website need to do something about fucking spam you know what i mean that shit is annoying
but how do you stop it and i don't know if there's an easy answer i really don't think there's an
easy answer to stopping that kind of stuff good filters on your email i this might sound a little
weird yes good filters on your email but maybe we need like a new email 2.0 like maybe they need to
upgrade the standards they use for emails that gives more accountability to the computers that
send them maybe i i that's just kind of where i'm at like you know you can kind of spoof a lot of
that now but maybe they need to change the system that uses encryption verification i don't i mean
i guess any of that could get hacked by people but there's got to be something where there's
more accountability from the original center and it's easier to track you know what i mean
um okay so just dance and dance central 2 now dance central 2 has been out a lot less time well
a few weeks less they've it's only been out 11 weeks whereas dance or just dance 3 has been out
for 14 weeks just dance 3 is at 993 191 units um that's only in the us and dance central 2 is at
930 858 units so they're slightly ahead but they've been out for three more weeks interesting
okay well that's good to know although for me note this chart which was from last week
uh dance central 2 is in the 17th spot whereas just dance 3 is in the 20th spot well that's good
yeah well i mean again i mean i'm not i'm not hating on just dance 3 i mean it's a decent game
but that's just that's straight on the 360 that's not all platforms okay all right let's uh let's
open up the skype line it's that time we're going to open up the skype line now and take your calls
at one eight seven seven game olr or as our username on skype is orange lounge radio all one
word while we wait for those calls to come in because there is a little bit of a delay we have
just a couple tweets tonight not a lot but um we do have a couple so let me get to some of those
tweets right now i just want to make sure there wasn't anything earlier in the week that i missed
here uh i guess not anything i'm catching off top my head i apologize i'm gonna be honest if you
tweet us on sunday you have a much better chance of getting read than tweeting us on monday after
the show because sometimes i lose those amongst there's we get a lot of spam tweets too i have to
filter through anyway uh we'll start with a tweet from spazzinator on twitter tweets us and says
will there be another marathon or fuck show anytime soon um fuck show no that was a that
was a one-time thing that's done um a marathon show yes we've been talking about it we just
don't know when tonight would have been a great night for that but just too much other stuff
going on so it may not be until there's another long weekend which for me is a long weekend which
for me isn't until memorial day do you get president's day off nope interesting see i
don't get president's day off but i do get martin luther king day off i don't we don't get any of
those interesting but you get memorial day right yes oh but we have we have other plans memorial
day weekend most likely so sometime it is it is in our minds let me put it that way it's just
you know again that whole thing i talked about earlier about only being able to stay up so late
but i think it would be fun to do another like noon to midnight show if nothing else
um so we'll see it's it's on our minds but just not in the next month or two all right uh let's
see moving on to some other tweets uh tiger claw sends us a couple tweets i'll start with this one
about the writer's guild uh announces a list of nominees for best writing in video games you know
the wga they um also nominate movies and things like that but now they get into writing for video
games after all a lot of video games are very movie-sized scripts these days right so um these
games got nominated for best video game writing by the wga uh assassins creed revelations batman
arkham city brink mortal combat strange but i guess it did have a story mode uh and uncharted
three drake's deception uh those are the nominees from the wga um list needs more portal 2 in my
opinion that's kind of a odd obviously missing game but uh yeah i mean still a lot of those
games are very good and have very you know stories that suck you in so there you go again our skype
line 1877 game olr or a username on skype is orange lounge radio if you'd like to go ahead
and give us a call you can at any time all right one of the story from tiger claw whistleblower
alleges unlawful practices at code masters hmm uh he links us to the story on shack news
a former code masters employee has publicly accused the publisher of unlawful business
practices uh a programmer semi assessy i hope i said that right oh was a programmer on the
game body count says that code masters uh has threatened former staff with bankruptcy
proceedings over a dispute regarding wages the company claims were mistakenly paid out
uh he wrote this whole blog post about it saying that code masters frequently infringed on
employees rights uh he had to work a left or he had to they failed to give workers 11 hours of
rest in any 24-hour work period so in other words yet another slave driving game company story
unfortunately here way too many of these on the show which is really sad but anyway we got a call
coming in on the skype line so let's go to it hi you are on orange launch radio who's this
this is vid power hey vid power i haven't heard from you in a very long time how are you doing
good good how what's up with you guys um you know same old shit different week 10 years later
right right exactly so yeah i wanted i wanted to call in and talk about ces ces over that's right
you're in vegas right are you still there indeed so exactly in your backyard did you go to the party
uh yes i did i did go to ces and i checked out the uh the video games there and i kind of wanted to
uh tell you guys what what stuff is good there our man on the street please how was ces what
just what did you see it was pretty good it's pretty good you know what the the the one game
that uh really uh kind of came out to me and i wasn't expecting to like was uh believe it or not
it was microsoft flight oh yeah the the upcoming flight simulator yeah that's like their replacement
for microsoft flight simulator right is their new their new version of that for a new generation
exactly exactly you know i i've only played like a flight simulator like once or twice in my life
and i was like really awful so um you know this game wasn't really on my radar but uh after
playing it and um it was really fun i gotta i gotta admit was it easy to pick up because i know
the problem with a lot of flight simulators is that i don't know how to fly a fucking plane and
like it is a flight simulator and if you don't know the proper sequence to turn the plane on
to get it to take off like you're not going anywhere in that game like or does does microsoft
flight kind of simplify that yeah yes so what they did was they had a setup um on a pc but they had a
xbox 360 controller connected to the pc and um one of the the developers was there and basically
the he had these bunch of like challenges and it really using just like the xbox 360 controller
it was really simplified controls and it makes flying a plane way easier hmm much easier than
you know i thought it would be interesting but yeah that was it was really fun they had like
really basic stuff like you know how to take off and how to land and they had some fun stuff like
how to like collect all these like low like fly through rings and stuff things like that
oh wasn't that wasn't that one of the stages in pilot wings no no but very very good looking
graphics i assume i remember flight flight simulators were always really good demonstrators
of like graphical capabilities that was also one of the stages at superman 64 shut up
awesome well i mean how big of a presence does video gaming have at ces because we're usually
told that it's kind of it's not there as much as you'd think well yeah that's an accurate statement
it's definitely not not big in terms of video game related stuff um obviously at the microsoft booth
and at the sony booth as well those are pretty obvious but uh other than that like you couldn't
really find anything else uh that were video game related so those are like really the only two
booths that you could go to to play actual video games gotcha was there anything just you know
since we're all nerds here at olr was there anything that kind of jumped out at you like
wow this is something i really want in my living room like even if it's not necessarily gaming
related was there any device that just made you go like dang i want one of these next christmas
tell you should not really not really it was just a lot of random cool stuff that would it's
probably not ready for a consumer level until you know a few years down the line it's all too
damn expensive how does one of those 100-foot hd TVs look in person it is pretty sweet gotta admit
seeing that in person was was pretty eye-opening there awesome awesome well now is does the porn
expo still go on next door at the same time or did that change now you know what that one the
the original porn expo it now it's on like the week after cs however this completely separate
company is doing another like adult convention thing they're in the same time so you know
tapping into that market back to back adult cons in las vegas i guess i guess it can sustain we'll
see good time one of these days i gotta make it to ces that's gotta be on my like my bucket list
of things to do um at some point so because do you have to be industry to get into yes i don't think
so i thought you did really technically you do but it's pretty easy is it like the old e3 it's
really easy yeah it's pretty easy very cool very cool well vin power anything else you want to
share with us tonight uh no just um just kind of giving you guys a quick gaming summary of over at
ces i played some of the other house party games yeah um i am alive is good stuff i really enjoyed
that it's really it's really fun it's like reminds me of prince of persia okay and uh the the combat
quote unquote combat is uh remember playing uh middle gear solid games and you know you can hold
up people by pointing a gun at them the entire combat is kind of centered around like intimidating
your opponents by pointing a gun at them so that's like really original i had a lot of fun
with that interesting did you play the new alan wake at all i did i did you know i didn't play
too much of the first alan wake that played uh that was released but i got enough i played
enough of this new one too it's it's really more of the same so if you were a fan of the first
alan wake this new one is right up your alley interesting that it's downloadable but hopefully
it does really well because i like the first alan wait game but i don't i guess it didn't it was
kind of one of those games that sold gradually from what i understand like it never really was
the chart topper but it was always kind of you know it lasted for a long time so definitely
definitely all right well vin power i'm gonna let you go to get some more calls hopefully but um
thank you so much for the call and um maybe see you at ces 2013 cool cool take care buddy all
right las vegas we have quite a few listeners in las vegas that's a town i need to get back to and
visit it probably doesn't even look the same as you know the last time i was in vegas was 2001
a long time ago i went a few years ago there was no tram the last time i was in vegas and
apparently they have like a whole tram thing that goes to all the big casinos now on the strip
uh yeah i don't think i was there when they had a tram last time i was there we went and visited
zappos well that's an awesome company and the sahara is oh oh yeah i know zappos yeah that's a
that's the um they have their call center has a really big reputation yeah yeah yeah they're
it's fucking amazing i was a call center trainer for many many years that's a company i would love
to get into it was just like i really wish it worked yeah it's a company a lot of a lot of
folks modeled their machine in their building by the way really i played on it interesting what
makes it was i think it was a max 2 if i remember correctly not bad yeah can stay fit on lunch
breaks yep very cool 1877 game olr or a username on skype is orange launch radio if you want to
give us a call we're out of tweet topics they also have that last one really they do that's amazing
all their conference rooms are themed and each of their little rows and departments or whatever
they have a theme it's it's fucking amazing it's seriously uh rama in our chat room says star trek
experience there buddy warp core breach yep last time i was there it was still going and uh yeah
if you're referring to the ever classic understation live segment technically that was i think the call
that's very famous that you hear a lot on under station i say famous like it's really good but
you know that that travis plays a lot understation live i was actually there with jessica also from
understation live that was the year 2000 that was october 2000 because i did two trips to vegas like
almost back to back and then i haven't been back in like 10 years but uh that was the first time i
was ever drunk i was like 22 or 23 so you know but i was at the i know i i totally missed the
21 years old thing go figure but uh yeah that was at the star trek experience and um it wasn't the
first time i'd ever had alcohol it's the first time i got drunk and like a true nerd it was at
the star trek experience the borg thing wasn't even there i never got to ride it and now it's
all closed which is sad so oh did one of the kitties finally come out yeah to eat to eat
he's like all right i'll put up with loki being here muraco's here all right let's try to take
another call here hi you're on orange launch radio who's this hey cinderwolf hey what's up
cinderwolf what's on your mind buddy i'm not too much actually just figured i finally have time to
actually catch the broadcast tonight thought i'd call in and uh you know say hi to everybody well
hello hello aren't you from canada if i remember right i am yeah you've got it well you don't have
a three-day weekend then because martin luther king's a very american holiday so you don't you
just happen to have a late sunday available huh yeah pretty much i usually get about a half a day
really three quarters of a day a week between both jobs all right all right wow wow all right so
crazy crazy what else did you got a chance to call in what do you want to talk about tonight any
story or maybe something we missed uh well actually i'm going to be very honest i did
actually miss quite a bit of the broadcast so i'll actually have to go back and catch up on it
tomorrow but uh i just really kind of talk a little bit about a game that i've been playing
recently called uh bastion actually oh yes of course bastion the canadian launches the game
yes of course pretty much yeah like i'd uh actually i just double checked my skyrim count
i've been playing skyrim for about 180 hours over the past two month and a half now and uh
actually the video card died so i borrowing a replacement from a buddy of mine can't run
skyrim but i can play bastion of it uh of all things so well bastion is you know not quite the
cutting edge 3d graphics but sometimes it is not all about the graphics right no i mean it's not
not at all in fact i find this sort of gaming revolution even though it's uh most of everything
seems to be centered around 3d and you know impressive graphics i find there's still this
growing movement to go you know old school or traditional sort of 2d with you know cell shading
or you know that sort of thing 2d side scrollers even so um what what possessed you to decide to
jump in and check out bastion um i actually picked up uh the demo online uh through the 360 back
before the uh the console update with the dashboard and uh you know it was sort of an update right in
my face i was like you know i love the artwork i'm actually a major fan of artwork uh working
actually at a comic shop as well uh and it really stood out to me i found the artwork is uh is
actually very fantastic very amazing um it's almost like somebody's like sketching the world
and it just sort of comes to life and that stood out to me at the time so i'm playing this and i'm
like wow you know the controls are very simplistic it's an incredibly basic story you don't even need
to know anything about the game to start getting into it and you know even uh two hours into the
game you're still like okay i still don't know the entire backstory so it's sort of driving you to
uh really keep playing to find out how it's going to end and you know exactly what the calamity is
now a lot of folks have kind of talked about the narration in the game and how important that you
know the whole narration uh and narrating it as it's unfolding do you think the narration is
something really unique to the game or are you kind of like ah this is gimmicky actually i i
actually love the narration it's you know once in a while it's kind of cheesy but narration actually
it really makes it feel almost kind of like you know like story time when you're a kid so to speak
but it's not enough that it's there's not so much that you're like okay this is really something
that annoys me it's a hate actually i never really thought of it that way sort of deal when it hits
when it hits a new point um and you're just like well you know i kind of like the backstory dialogue
when you're you're uh you know you smoke the little pipe you go to this little area to to
essentially just grind and grind and grab pick up your little crystal shards or fragments and uh in
between each wave there's a little piece of the kid's backstory in the background so it's like
hey that's kind of neat bringing me up to speed on who i'm actually playing with and i thought it
was kind of interesting that like as you kind of put that center area together it can kind of
change the way the narration is going to because each building that you build kind of changes you
know you get a little different narration for that so yeah actually i found the narration did
change a little bit between buildings but by the end of it you know you're like i'm i'm not
there like i'm i still have to be only about halfway through it but the i find the narration
really ends up the same because you end up building the same buildings by the end of it
anyway sure sure so it's so in a way there's a little bit of a sort of a multi-path but it's
still a very linear storyline which there's nothing wrong with linear but the way they've
gone about the story kind of makes you think well you know maybe if i played a little bit differently
later on even though i know the ending is it going to be more of a challenge or am i going to
discover things i didn't know were there before or so the game was really well developed in
dragging and sucking you into it to see you through to the end all right well it sounds
like uh you are definitely enjoying bastion so um are you hoping there's going to be a sequel
as if i need to ask definitely i i can i can hope i mean there there have been the rumors of buzz
online saying there is saying there aren't and you know we just all have to sort of cross our
fingers but i figure once i finish this i'll probably round skyrim count up to 200 hours so
all right nice all right well um cinderwolf thanks so much for the call and reminding us
that you know bastion might be one of those games you missed at the end of 2011 amongst all the
skyrim so uh definitely all right well cinderwolf you have a good one and thanks so much for calling
in youtube all right take everybody oh he cut out there at the end but we'll just hope he said
something nice all right 1877 game olr or a username on skype is orange launch radio if you
want to give us a call we got time for about one more call we can fit in one more call right yeah
so yes um alan while you were afk your kiddies are finally like starting to integrate with the
show a little bit yeah it's just a matter of time before we get maruko on air with a comment yeah
so i get that loki that means they're warming up dude they're like uh this guy ain't gonna leave
and if we wanna get there like it's been three hours and we're hungry so we're gonna just come
out to the food dish so uh some of the chatters are asking for pictures so um i'll have to take
one and put it on the website i mean i have old pics but i have a tumblr post that's bookmarked
that i could link and chat okay they wouldn't they wouldn't be pictures from like right this second
though yeah and my my uh my iphone camera is fucked like like it's the back camera i think
i scratched it or something but like there's too much exposure in one corner and so all my pictures
it looks blurry and greasy yeah it's my touch screen starting to go out is it and your your
main thumb button at the bottom doesn't yeah wake it up either so i really need to get a new phone
and technically i'm eligible for a free upgrade right now but it's like i don't i don't want a 4s
i want a 5 so i can i can wait it out right yeah right we'll see mine anything's from my son
dropping it on the floor over and over you should punish him all right i'm just kidding all right
we got time for about one more call so let's let's try to get one more call hi you're on orange
launch radio who's this hi this is uni hey uni i haven't tonight is like long time no talk night
like all these people that are calling and i haven't heard from forever this is awesome well
how are you uni i'm good i have laryngitis so forgive me if i sound weird it's all right i'm
just glad you know amongst all the comments of tonight being a sausage fest i'm glad
we get a lovely lady calling in this weekend we hung out with someone who probably has strep so
yeah it's not strep it's it's a matter of time before i am sick too probably for the next show
i'll be coming in here as they are that radio so mr spank you'll be making a return yeah mr
spank you'll make your turn well uni i'm sorry i don't mean to derail uh to what do we owe this
phone call tonight what's on your mind i just missed you guys and uh i haven't seen heard you
guys in forever and when you were wishing joe happy birthday which is dark tech syria sorry
happy birthday joe i know it is a little late but i i know i i did go over to his facebook and i did
the appropriate because you know he he loves it when john does this to me the rob rob rob thing
so i went to his job happy birthday so very cool well um so so just you know it was kind of like
oh god i haven't seen that name in forever i should i should listen to their their their show
that is somehow still going after all this time eh yeah it's been six years i think since you
started listening uh seven actually we have been on the air this is our 10th year june will be 10
years it's crazy it's great i think i started listening in year three so at least even though
so did i a lot even though a lot even though a lot of those old shows are like long gone well
i don't know there is that ol archive thing that dark tetsuya speaking of like knows a lot about
that stuff like a lot of people are like you've really been on for 10 years like yeah yeah i mean
like there's people that will call in once in a while and be like i've been listening for seven
years and you know so on so it's like yeah then the show has been going pretty much non-stop for
10 we've never had a break over two weeks let's say two three maybe three we maybe had like one
time there was like a three-week break that's the longest break we've ever had so so well um uni
what what video games do you play these days i play world of warcraft and argent dawn um i have
885s oh my god that's great you know what i have noticed with this expansion uh it's it's really
easy for people to be in that multiple 85 camp now like i have i never thought i would have more
than one and i have four i have 485s on three different servers dang right i also play starcraft
too i'm bronze rank but i play protoss i need advice how how do i get good at starcraft too
uh focus on your economy you focus on um putting okay i'm just gonna say this drones probes
suvs whichever you play if you play terran it's suvs okay what you do is you constantly pump
those out like around five minutes you make your next expansion it's like a whole entire build
order it's all about build order if you do your build right and you make it right you win um my
maker right now for protoss is immortals and void race you just pump out those two units and you
send them to like the opposing team which you're playing against it smooshes their faces and it's
like hilarious that's what it's all about um have you ever played this is my favorite thing you're
gonna think i'm such a dumbass but this is my favorite thing in starcraft 2 is star jeweled
have you ever played star jeweled no oh you've got to check it out it's bejeweled and it's free
it's it's like one of the custom maps just go look for it it's a blizzard map it's called star jeweled
and it's mixes bejeweled and starcraft it's after the show you've got to go check it out uh let me
ask you this real quick before we before we say goodbye um heart of the swarm coming out soon
hopefully soon ish what are you most looking forward to in heart of the swarm um i'm mostly
looking forward to diablo 3 is gonna be awesome but i'm more looking forward to diablo 3 you know
what that that that's a fair answer that really because i'm in the same boat you know a starcraft
2 it's all right but diablo 3 bring it on have you played have you been able to play the beta at all
uh no i'm not in the beta i wish i was i don't i don't mean to rub it in but i did get in the
beta a few months ago so i have played through it and it's it's it's it's very nice it's okay
i don't hate you i love you rob um i'm gonna let you go if you want all right yeah sure we better
wrap up the show it's after nine o'clock or midnight for you east coast folks so all right
we'll let you go but thanks so much for calling in and saying hello okay bye take care have fun
remember star jeweled all right bye okay also ire chef is a lot of fun too and there's a
what is it there's a left for dead one too it's like left oh i can't remember the name
it's left for something else just look for that some for zerg and uh somebody in chat
will screen it out in a minute here all right we gotta we gotta wrap up uh thank you so much for
the calls i'm sorry to those who didn't get through although i gotta say that was an awesome
night of skype calls because we got to talk to like three people we haven't talked to in a long
time uh one eight or excuse me email bag is mailbag at orange lounge radio.com you could
leave us a voicemail on the skype line sometimes we do play those if they're um you know concise
and and to the point um but yeah mailbag at orange lounge radio.com we only had two emails
tonight so those of you that didn't get through get your excuse me oh radio's worst nightmare
the hiccups uh get your thoughts in via email and we'll get those on the next show all right
before we really put the bow on the show tonight and say we're done i need to go over to loki and
see if he has any last minute stories or alan yes um thq has come out and they released a statement
saying no they have not cancelled their 2014 lineup they're saying additionally we are
thrilled with the great performance of saints row the third which like um which on a like uh for
the period in north america has tripled in sell through from saints row um two in addition wwe
12s worldwide sales um are up 40 percent year over year as well as according to the npd in month of
december thq was number five publisher overall number four third party also they reported uh
growth of 18 in the market that was down almost six percent all right well there you go loki with
breaking news here on olr thq is not dead there it is i didn't think so i mean they're one of the
major publishers out there if there's any publisher that's gonna die it would be okay
let me think semi atari atari is the next fucking publisher there we go i mean they're they're like
clinging on to the grave you know what we need here at olr we need the i mean this is kind of
a sad game to play though but i don't know like it's always sad when studios close but we do kind
of need the publisher death pool like you know how like they have the celebrity death pool like
which celebrity is going to kick the rotten.com has that if you remember that site yeah they're
still around aren't they yeah here's here's all that atari has coming right now i mean they have
test drive uh test drive ferrari legends which is test drive unlimited um and also the witcher 2
which is going to be coming the consoles i mean the witcher 2 did well on pc but dude that's all
they have and maybe it no no no they're not doing any more uh dragon ball games that's it that's all
they have so there's not a lot coming out all right uh maybe we need to have that here the uh
um that can be a segment on another slow news week the um publisher death pool and we'll see uh take
bets on which publisher is going to fold before the end of the year all right any other breaking
news or was that it uh they're well this is not news but the retro duo portable the nes snes
portable system looks pretty sweet oh yeah the the technology patent on that's expired so you're
going to start seeing just like you see all the nintendo ripoffs now you're going to start seeing
super nintendo ones all over the place pretty soon so all righty uh alan i'm assuming you don't have
any last minute stories tonight nope all right i figured it but you do have pictures of cute kitties
that i saw in the chat room yes thank you all right uh maybe uh i don't know if ramas uh can
do this but maybe he can reblog that over to the olr tumblr so everybody can see the kitties yeah
it'd be great all right um that's going to do with them for another episode of orange launch radio
thank you guys so much for downloading our show and listening to us tonight you know what we say
guys if you enjoy orange launch radio all we do we ask tell a friend you know what just say hey
there's this show out there and they don't have a big magazine backing them or a website that gets
hundreds of millions of hits so but you should check them out because it's a fun time and come
join us in chat sometime so help us spread the word uh you can do that by telling friends leave
a nice review on itunes we always appreciate that too or um you know just a little shout out in your
signature on a forum or whatever uh we really appreciate all the word of mouth that we can get
so thank you guys again we really appreciate it uh we're gonna go around and get everybody's final
thoughts alan thank you so much for filling in at the last minute yet again you've done that twice
this month you're welcome i owe you do you have any final thoughts for listeners tonight thanks
for letting me use your laptop you're welcome and uh i'm making uh orange chicken can't wait
and steam rice delicious we're gonna eat that after the show wraps nom nom nom uh let's see
my final thought is i just realized we have two posters in here that say haters to the left and
one points one way and one points the other so i'm confused which way did the haters go
because they're on opposite walls either out the front door or into the kitchen to cook for us
into the okay fair enough all right uh let's say into the oven oh my god
like like the witch like a tansel and gretel all right loki your final thought tonight uh
my final thought is uh i really don't want to eat mcdonald's anymore i'm gonna try to stop is that a
late new year's resolution is that what i'm hearing no it's been one i've been toiling
around and i was actually gonna do that i was just running a little bit late um this evening
so there wasn't really any time for me to stop anywhere else i could have heated up some soup
but i didn't have a lot of time to do that so i made this uh this cheddar and beer soup i don't
care for it too much though because it it the beer didn't cook out and so it's gotta like
you know you can if you drink the whole pot of it i guess you can get a little bit buzzed but uh
it wasn't it wasn't quite how i had pictured i put too many leaks in it too it's too sweet
sorry i'm laughing at what act deaf said in chat and i'm assuming this is about the
haters to the left sign the points to the kitchen haters gonna bake it works kinda right we're all
right sorry it's only appropriate i cut your ass off with something stupid i was done all right no
we're done thank you guys again so much for listening to it dark soccer she'll be back next
week i'll be back next week loki will be back next week hopefully nobody's sick we'll see
everybody uh you know think good thoughts for us we'll be back to do it all again thanks again for
tuning in guys have a great week you've been listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge
radio is an orange lounge production to join us for a live show visit www.allgames.com sunday
nights at 6 p.m pacific time the views and opinions expressed on orange lounge radio do
not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of orange lounge radio
or allgames.com but we're probably right anyway see you next week
