Today, February 1, 2009, could Wii photo printing come to the US, Gears of War PC breaks down,
and multiplayer comes to the next Bioshock game.
What football game?
Hey, welcome everybody to another week of Orange Launch Radio.
We are that podcast on the internet dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture,
and the gamer lifestyle.
And we are always here every week to talk to you guys live on All Games Radio, www.allgames.com.
Joining me for the next few hours, my name is Rob Roberts.
Not joining us tonight is Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
She is on a little vacation, I don't know if you'd call it a vacation.
I think she had family stuff going on up in the lovely state of Washington, but not the
parts like Seattle, Tacoma, like where PAX happens, and the part we were all at just
a little bit last year.
She's in some town called Prosser, which I think is not quite as exciting as Seattle.
So yeah, she's been updating her Twitter.
If you follow DarkSaga on Twitter, she's been updating her Twitter pretty regularly.
It's basically the equivalent of help me, please send help.
I miss Wi-Fi.
Help me.
So joining us tonight, we have a different female perspective.
Say hello to the one and only Rice Princess.
Hello.
How are you doing, Rice Princess?
Oh, I'm all right.
How about you?
Not bad, not bad.
Are you caring about the Super Bowl that's going on right now as we're doing the show?
No, but I'm caring about Resident Evil 5.
Rice Princess just found out that I actually downloaded the Resident Evil 5 demo and she's
dying to play.
Are you a big Resident Evil fan?
I am.
How big?
I've played all of the games.
Even four and one, all of them?
Yeah.
And if I were like a billionaire, I'd recreate the mansion.
How about the movies?
Are you a big fan of the movies?
I actually do like the movies too.
Yeah.
They're awesome.
I heard some rumor, I don't think it made the show well tonight, some rumor there's
a fourth one that's going to be made pretty soon.
Do you think it should keep going or do you think they need to pull the plug now?
It depends on where they take the story.
If they're keep, I don't know, like because this last one that they came out with was
an original story and it was just, I don't know, it was all right.
If they go back to like the game story stuff, that'd be cool.
All right.
We'll also say hello to the one and only tech master, Loki.
Hello.
How you doing, Loki?
Fine, I'm trying to find the Transformers 2 trailer and apparently the link that we
had in our chat room, it's not working or at least it works, but it's not playing.
I see the real reason why people watch the Super Bowl, the commercials and the movie
trailers.
You know, the smart people would realize that you can actually watch commercials before
they come out on the Super Bowl, or at least for most of the trailers and, well not trailers
but commercials.
They actually have a website that had some, I was watching them earlier.
They suck.
Well, some of them suck, but most of them were not good.
Well, also joining us every week is the ever present fourth guest on the show, the chat
room and we have a acidic vampire in chat making a comment about Resident Evil.
Degeneration was better than the live action movies, although extinction was okay.
I really did like every regeneration.
I do want to give a special shout out to the chatters tonight because they are here during
the Super Bowl and so, you know, they're either football haters or they are very loyal listeners
of Orange Lawn Radio.
We only have probably about, you know, there was no Bobby tonight to lead into our show.
He took the night off for the Super Bowl and we probably only have, between everything
that's been going on, probably about a third of the usual listeners we have.
So I want to really thank those folks that were loyal and stay in tune tonight.
I also want to thank, joining us tonight in studio, say hello to Silent Nathan is here
again.
Hello.
Hello.
No, seriously, how are you Nathan?
How are you doing?
I'm fine.
I have a motorcycle.
You have a motorcycle?
What game do you have a motorcycle in?
Because I know you don't have one for real.
Because I would have wanted to ride in the sidecar.
World of Warcraft.
Nerd.
No, I'm just kidding.
Describe to the listeners what having a motorcycle means in World of Warcraft and how exactly
does it fit into the lore?
It goes vroom, vroom, vroom, and then you can make it jump and it's lore-wise...
Who cares?
It's a motorcycle.
How hard is it to get a motorcycle in the game?
It's not hard, it's expensive.
Just expensive.
Did you have to do a lot of quests?
Did you have to save a lot of princesses and storm a lot of castles?
I'm hoarded so I usually have to kill the princesses and destroy the castles, but yeah,
it's at least 12,000 gold just for vendor mats, so it's a lot of money.
Well congratulations on your motorcycle.
One day I will come back to WoW and I will ride in your motorcycle in the sidecar.
It'll be fun.
You have to come back within a month, otherwise you can't.
But if I stay away for three months, then somebody can use the Scroll of Resurrection
on me, and that's the whole plan, actually.
You should actually cancel your account, start a whole new account, and we can be the leveling
buddies and we'll get awesome mounts.
There you go.
Let's talk a little bit about our gaming weeks in a segment we always like to start off the
show with called How Is Your Gaming Week?
But Loki, we'll start with you tonight.
How is your gaming week?
It was still not that eventful, but more eventful than last week.
More Grand Theft Auto 4 on Xbox 360, still playing stuff, which is, you know, it's fun.
I'm looking forward to the new expansion they have coming out in I think a week or so.
And then, let's see, I tried a little bit more Fable 2, went and downloaded the expansion
for that.
I haven't got a chance to play that yet, but I went and ran around a little bit and killed
a few things.
I don't know, Fable 2 is kind of okay for me.
Why I decided to download the expansion when it's just okay is beyond me.
I was like, I'm gonna do that.
Wait a second.
Because you're a consumer whore.
But whatever, it's all good.
So I'll probably, I'm trying to get back into that.
And then finally, you know, after trying everything to get Grand Theft Auto 4 to work, I had to
go back and do a system restore before it broke, and hooray, it works again!
After I had to do some more futzing around with it because, you know, I got a different
error message this time, but at least that was fixable, so.
It works again, but the question is, for how long?
So I'm excited about that because now I get to play with the mods again.
You went on such a tangent last week.
Oh, I'm still very disappointed with him because the fact that I have to patch.
They released some patch this week, right?
It did nothing to fix my problem.
And you know, I hear it's causing more problems, so whatever.
You want to hear something funny, and this isn't even on our show roll, apparently there
is issues with Secure ROM's CD activation or authentication thing that they have running.
So somebody had asked them, they had some problems, and Secure ROM just linked them
to a program that bypasses the CD check, or the DVD check.
So which, of course, that person posted that everywhere on the internet.
So now there is literally an official no DVD patch for the game.
So they've made it, you know, pretty easy to pirate the game, I guess.
Well, technically you're not supposed to be able to pirate it because you still have to
authenticate it and the serial number and everything like that to play online.
But trust me, you don't really have to because it's able to be done.
But now it doesn't check for the DVD.
So that might solve some problems, at least some people are having.
But yeah, I don't know, I'm interested to play the game a little bit more now.
Also since I believe this add-on is exclusive for the Xbox 360, however people have found
the models and stuff hidden within the code data or whatever.
So I'll be seeing how they're going to modify stuff for the PC version.
I don't know, PC version is this fun.
All the mod stuff.
Alright, so nuclear grenades, it sounds like you've warmed up a little bit to the PC one
as opposed to last week.
No, I still hate the way that they, no listen, I've warmed up to the fact that I can mod
it.
I am not giving them any, you know, gimmes on the fact that it's just a really poor port
whatsoever and the fact, the way they handled everything.
There is no reason I should have to do a system restore to get a game to work.
That's absolutely ridiculous.
Because that screws up a bunch of other stuff on my computer, so I have to hopefully make
sure everything's working now.
But it's absolutely ridiculous that I would have to do a system restore to get a game
to work.
Any game.
Even Crysis, I had less trouble running.
And goddamn Crysis is a bitch to, you know, work.
And sadly enough, Crysis actually runs better than Grand Theft Auto IV, so that's telling
you something.
And trust me, Grand Theft Auto IV is not Crysis, is definitely not pushing the graphics that
Crysis was.
I think Acidic Vampire in chat sums it up very well.
It's a love-hate relationship for Loki.
It is a love-hate relationship.
You love to hate it.
Anything else for your gaming week?
No, that was pretty much it.
I have to ask for our spin-off show, Orange Lounge Foodio.
You're pretty excited about the food you brought to the show tonight.
Can you tell our listeners about this fine new cuisine of yours?
It's not a fine cuisine, but they have these new things at Burger King called Burger Shots,
and they're basically...
Like when you first said the name, I was like, what popped in my head were like the dessert
shots from Applebee's and stuff.
I'm like, ew, that does not sound appetizing at all.
Putting a hamburger in a glass, nasty.
Putting hamburger and ketchup and mustard in a shot glass, that's disgusting.
No, they're sliders.
They're little mini hamburgers, basically, and you can buy them.
They have a two-pack and a six-pack.
Why would you want a two-pack?
You don't want to get fat?
I don't know.
They're okay.
They're all right.
This is the second time I've had them, and it's just kind of okay now.
It's not as good as their normal burgers.
You don't have the smoky, flame-broiled taste to it, but they're okay.
They're kind of neat.
Isn't it the same thing they used to have years ago, but they were called burger buddies?
I don't remember that.
It was like 15 years ago.
This is when I was a kid.
Burger buddies?
Yeah, something like that.
Like, did you play with them?
No, they were little, tiny, miniature hamburgers.
I remember that.
I used to love them.
Could I have some burger buddies, please?
Shut up, Rice Princess.
Tell us about your gaming week.
Back to gaming.
Rice Princess.
Okay.
Well, I'm going to play the demo of Resident Evil 5, and that's going to be my gaming
week.
Yay.
I'm going to play.
Yeah, very much.
I might turn around, and then suddenly Rice Princess is gone, and so is my Xbox 360.
Or your PS3, because I wouldn't...
I don't think they have the demo on PlayStation 3, actually.
Wait, what?
I thought it was on your PS3.
No, it's on my Xbox 360.
I don't think they released a demo on PS3.
I hate you, but I love Resident Evil.
It was exclusive on the 360 for a week.
Damn it.
Okay.
Well, that means if you want to wait until next week, they'll have it on PlayStation
3.
It's exactly the same game.
Yeah, but it's on an Xbox.
My hands will melt if I touch the controller.
I used to be like that.
I'm still like that.
And then there were a lot more games that came out, and it was a lot cheaper.
I'm still going to play it.
I'm just going to put on gloves or something.
Just pretend it's something else.
I don't know why you have this rampant hate for Xbox, but whatever.
I'm like, Xbox hate is so like five years ago.
I mean, we're all kind of over it now.
It's not hate, it's just extreme dislike.
If you go back into the early episodes of Orange Lounge Radio, there used to be plenty
of Xbox hate when that first Xbox came out.
Remember the controller that was so massive that only a gorilla could use it, really?
But now, Xbox is actually pretty cool.
A lot's changed, Rice Princess, within the now.
Except they have never fixed the D-pad, and that is unacceptable.
That's true.
Exactly.
All right.
Let's see, my gaming week.
Actually, I didn't play a lot of new stuff in my gaming week this week, kind of a lot
of the old stuff, you know, Fable 2, and same stuff I've been playing.
Next week, though, thanks to a very, very, very kind listener, I've got a code for Left
for Dead now, so I'm going to be playing that on PC this week.
I'm very excited.
And to follow up a question that came up last week, there is an Orange Lounge Radio Steam
community out there, and I was able to find it very easy by going into Steam and just
searching for Orange Lounge in groups, so I joined it.
So there's about 30-some-odd people in the Orange Lounge Radio Steam group, so if you
are a Left for Dead player, you're listening to this show, I encourage you to join our
Steam group, because I'll probably be playing Left for Dead, and I want to play with listeners,
but you have to promise to be nice to me, because I suck at first-person shooters.
So even if I accidentally shoot you and think you're a zombie or whatever, you have to be
nice to me.
You know what they mean in that game?
That would be kind of fun.
What?
Because you know how they, like, mix stuff around, you know, like, Half-Life and stuff,
and it's all in the source engine anyways.
Maybe a portal gun in Left for Dead.
You never know.
That would be kind of funny.
What about the Gravity Gun?
Both.
You never know.
Yeah.
Otherwise, the other game I've been playing this week, kind of funny, I kind of, you know,
we had the whole conversation last week about how I left WoW, but this week I kind of dabbled
in another MMO.
I played Phantasy Star Online Blue Burst this week, which is funny because Sega, like, stopped
supporting that game years ago.
Well, there's a pirate server that you can play on for free, and I'm okay with talking
about it on the show, because Sega kind of turns a blind eye to the whole thing, because
they turned their servers off a while ago, so they just kind of let this thing run.
So it's interesting.
It's kind of tough to play, because they're still, like, I can't do a lot of the quests
because they're all in the Japanese text still, but it's Phantasy Star Online, and it's free,
so I can't complain.
I don't think I'll play it forever, but ah, memories.
Wow.
How long ago did that come out?
Let's see.
If the Dreamcast is about 10 years old, right, Dreamcast came out 9-9-99, right?
I think so.
I would say the first Phantasy Star Online is probably about 9 years old.
Holy crap.
I know, it's an old game.
I know.
But still, I mean, there's not a lot of, like, action-based MMOs like that.
I can't even really call Phantasy Star Online an MMO, though.
I mean, it is and it isn't.
It's not an MMO like WoW, you know, you go off, everything's like instanced.
It's more Guild Wars, I guess, than anything, but it's not even like that.
It's like action-based.
It is pretty cool, though.
Yeah, I know.
It's really stood the test of time, you know?
Even though a lot of people hate on universe, I don't mind universe.
I think I have Phantasy Star Online for my Dreamcast, because I remember I always would
play it offline.
I would never play it online, because I just, you know, I had dial-up at the time, you know,
so it didn't really make...
That'd be kind of hard, yeah.
Well, I mean, they did have a dial-up modem in, you know, Dreamcast, so...
Well, apparently, this server will let you connect the Dreamcast one, the PlaySta...
Was there a PlayStitch one?
I don't know.
The GameCube one, I know, was on there, and the PC one.
You can connect all those together on this one server.
This is Blue Burst, right?
You can use either the Blue Burst client or the Dreamcast client, and it's episode one,
two, and four.
You can play them all together, which I thought was kind of cool.
Just not the Xbox one, because the Xbox one was through Xbox Live, and so there's no way
you can play that anymore, because Sega shut down the server, and you can't really hack
Xbox Live servers without a lot of problems, so...
Well, you can, but...
Yeah, again, it's not something I think I'm gonna play a long time.
It's just, you know, nostalgia's pretty cool, so...
Because, you know, honestly, the cave level gets so boring after a while.
It totally does.
Have you even played PSO?
No.
But I'm sure it does.
It does.
It does.
Okay, I take...
I never got to the cave level.
Really?
No.
You just played Forest over and over again?
Yep, that's all I did.
Oh my god, you must have been bored.
You can do caves at, like, level seven.
You don't have to get that far.
I don't think I played Phantasy Star Online that long, because I remember I tried fighting
the first, like, dragon or whatever it was, and I died, and I'm like, I'm gonna go play
a different game now.
Yeah, it helps to have friends to do the dragon, but, you know...
Remember, I was playing single player, so I had no friends.
Aww, poor Loki.
Well everyone else had PlayStation, and, you know, the only reason I had Dreamcast is because
I wanted to use our all-nighter event.
I'm like, oh-kay.
Wow.
Hey, Dreamcast are still awesome.
I mean, because of the fact that you can boot, like, there's a lot of homebrew stuff for
Dreamcast with the emulators and everything.
I was actually, I'm looking to find a, because I'm not gonna try to buy it, screw that shit.
I'm trying to find a copy of Super Runabout for the Dreamcast, because for some reason,
like, I thought of this one game that I played before, it's called Felny 1179, that was on
the PlayStation 1, and it's a pretty fun game.
It's kind of like, not really like Burnout, but it's a racing game where you're supposed
to crash into a lot of stuff, like, cause a lot of property damage, and as you'd play
through the game, you'd unlock more cars, kind of like Burnout, like ridiculous stuff,
like, you know, meteorite cars, buses, and just all sorts of crazy stuff.
But Super Runabout was kind of the same game, same type of thing, and it was just really
stupid fun.
That's a game that you really, you know, make a new one of, cause you'd be left on Burnout
with collateral damage.
So I need to find that, so I can play that again.
Quite a bit of Dreamcast love coming from our chat room.
We have Leo Shen saying, I still play Marvel vs. Capcom 2 on my Dreamcast all the time.
I love that game so much.
Did you own a Dreamcast?
We did own a Dreamcast, yeah.
TGM-GS6, there's no easy way to pronounce that, says, I need to revive my Dreamcast
so I can play Border Down.
You know, they keep releasing these, like, homebrew things, like, every year for Dreamcast.
I was just thinking today, actually, while I was playing PSO, cause it got me thinking
about the Dreamcast.
The Dreamcast isn't even 10 years old yet.
You know, it's still, it's not that old of a system, all things considered, so, still
pretty interesting, all the things you can do on it.
Let me ask Silent Nathan real quick how his gaming week was, and then we'll move into
tonight's news.
Silent Nathan, how was your gaming week?
It takes a long time to make enough gold to buy a motorcycle.
So wow wow and more wow?
See.
Enough said from Silent Nathan.
Alright, quickly some housekeeping tonight, and then we will get into tonight's gaming
news.
I just wanted to say really quick, I have to further apologize to those listeners that
listen to us on Justin.tv, because we have no webcam again tonight, but here's the interesting
thing that's going on.
We actually, a very kind listener over in Japan sent us a webcam, so I want to say thank
you.
The problem with it though, when we tried to hook it up, we were able to get video but
no audio, because the video and audio was separate on it, so we thought it would be
kind of lame to just have the video thing on Justin.tv.
So I have a cord coming that's going to fix our problems, but it's just not going to get
here until this week sometime, because it's coming from New Jersey.
So I'm really, really, really, really hoping we will be back up on Justin.tv next week.
And yeah, very excited about that.
And then when you come over looking all pretty in the future Rice Princess, it won't be for
nothing, as you did a couple weeks ago.
Yay!
There you go.
Also, of course, there's no Dark Sakura tonight, but she will be back next week on the program,
and no shows off or anything coming up for us.
We're just cranking right through up until our seventh anniversary this June, if you
can believe it.
Wow.
Possibly some conventions in our future.
I am toying with the idea of going to ASEN.
Do you know it's very cheap to fly out to Chicago right now in Southwest?
Really?
It's like $99 one way.
Oh, they're having a $99 sale.
That's why.
Exactly.
So I might go to ASEN.
You should.
Just for the heck of it.
It's in May, and I know some of...
That's like the...
I've been to the East Coast, and I've met listeners on the East Coast.
I've just never been to ASEN's Anime Central, sorry, in Chicago.
I know we have listeners in that area, Chicago area.
I want to go.
I want to do the panel and the whole nine yards.
I think I'd have a lot of fun.
I'm sure Dark Sakura wants to go.
Loki's wife probably won't let him go.
Well, I don't want to go either.
Who knows?
Sorry.
We will see.
I'm going to try.
I'm going to try.
Trust me.
If I'm going to go to one show this year, it's going to be E3.
Yeah, E3.
You know E3 registration opened up this week, actually.
So we've got to talk offline about that.
Yeah, because my wife, I don't think she'll mind if I...
She will mind if I go, but she will get over it.
I still think we should take her as a special correspondent.
She will...
See, we've been talking because I have this thing through my work.
I have a $1,500 trip we've got to take before the end of this year.
So we were saying we're going to go originally to Seattle, and we're going to say, eh, it's
not really much that we really want to do in Seattle.
Go to Prosser.
That's where the party's at this weekend.
We were going to go to possibly L.A. to go to Disneyland, that kind of stuff.
But I mean, it would be around her birthday, and her birthday is the 4th of June, and that's
like the week before.
No, that is the week of E3, I think.
Oh, yeah.
Wow.
No, no, it's not.
E3 is like June 2nd through 4th.
I'm not even kidding you.
Ah, fuck that.
Hold on.
Let me look.
Want, want, want.
Dude, dude, dude.
I thought it was like the 13th or something.
Just be like, happy birthday, babe.
E3.com.
Look at all these video games I gotcha.
Entrance into E3.
I gotcha.
Goodie bag from E3.
Yeah, June 2nd through 4th.
Ah, you ass.
Oh, no.
Well, there's no way I'm going to E3 now, so.
We'll just be like, but babe, you can get a bunch of swag.
Ah, yeah, that's not going to fly.
You could walk around a bunch of, like, smelly nerds.
Yay.
Yeah, that will not fly.
You should at least try to get down for one day, get back in time for her birthday or
something.
Because, you know, the third day of E3 is always like the, I am a zombie today, and
just, I'm just going through the motions trying to pick up everything I missed.
True.
So, think about it.
Think about it.
All right.
I'll think about it.
All right.
If we can even get in.
I know.
Hey, you can pull some strings now.
You have connections, dude.
Oh, yeah, right.
No, seriously, like, back when we went in 2005, we were still kind of fledgling, but
now you can just, like.
That's true.
Because it worked at a certain game company that, I don't know if I should say, because
I don't know if the game company knows that they inadvertently let us in E3, but we got
those tickets.
Who cares?
We could bring our old badges from 2005 and be like, look, we went in 2005.
No, they specifically have made it, like, you have to reapply even if you went before.
I don't know.
Anyway.
Damn it.
We'll worry about that in the upcoming weeks.
We got time.
We got time.
We have at least till May.
All right.
Anyhow, we got to get into the gaming news tonight.
Ricky!
Get us into some gaming news.
Yes, it's not that exciting, but we may be getting a new channel soon.
Apparently, there is a trademark, well, this is, I think, coming to Europe first.
There was a trademark on the European trademark database that suggests that Nintendo is looking
to bring its DigiCam print channel to Europe and potentially elsewhere as the photo print
service channel.
And basically what the DigiCam print channel is in Japan is it's a service offered through
Fujifilm that, of course, allows you to print photos that you save to an SD card and you
can upload them off your photo channel.
Can I just, like, use my printer that lets me put the SD card right in front of the printer?
You can also customize them so that you have Nintendo themed photo albums.
You can even order business cards featuring Nintendo backgrounds in Mii pictures and also
the business cards available through, you know, Club Nintendo in Japan as well.
Yeah, I think it's kind of useless, but, you know, whatever.
New services, you know, new.
That it is.
I guess.
Is that something, you know, you're a Nintendo fangirl, Rice Princess.
Is this something you'd want to use?
No.
No?
No?
No.
But if I didn't, I might consider it, but really no.
Some other things coming to the future in Nintendo's world is the Wii Fit body check
channel.
What?
The Wii Fit body check channel.
It's going to be something that's launching on the Wii in April.
I guess what this game does, it uses your BMI data, that's your body mass index that
you get from Wii Fit, and you get the step data from personal trainers walking pedometer.
This is in Japan, by the way, because I don't think we have that game here yet.
And you get some personalized guidance from, like, health experts.
Walk more, fatty.
Stay healthy.
Or they'll probably say, you should actually play your Wii Fit game because we know you
stopped about a week after you bought it.
Now there's speculation there that, you know, this channel again has been announced for
Japan, the Wii Fit body check channel, but they also have trademarked something called
Nintendo Active Health.
That was something that was trademarked in Europe a little earlier this year, so maybe
this is the same thing.
Who knows?
I think Active Health might, it might be the DS game.
The DS, instead of personal trainer walking, it's Active Health or some sort of, I don't
know.
I could see it, you know, tying in with Wii Fit and stuff and then maybe them doing, like,
updates Wii Fit to, you know, incorporate data from that.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Update Wii Fit?
No, no, no.
Nintendo doesn't do updates like that.
No, no, no.
They don't do patches and shit.
Well, I know.
They will release Wii Fit 2.
No, no.
Well, of course, yes, they'll do that, but I'm saying that they'll release this channel
and they'll tie in, you know, it'll be able to tie in with the DS game.
I guess.
Yeah, what, what, what extra kind of tips are you gonna get from these health professionals
who don't even, like, see you, you know?
These games do nothing about your diet, do they?
No.
I don't think so.
I mean, if you really want to lose weight, it has to be an eating and exercise thing,
right?
Me, sometimes.
Everything I've ever heard said that.
You just have to eat less calories.
That's where personal trainer cooking comes into play.
Personal trainer cooking, mama?
No, personal trainer cooking and then they'll, you know, give you recipe ideas and stuff
like that and then somehow, you know, your being fat will be attributed to your not being
good at math and that's where personal training math will come into play.
No!
I knew that was the reason why I was fat.
Um, AcidicVampire in chat says, so Nintendo is releasing this but not Mother 3.
Hmm.
Jerks.
I know.
Just kidding, I love Nintendo.
Well, is Mother 3 gonna get you in shape?
No, I don't think so.
Think of the greater good.
Think of the children.
Yes, no, would, would soccer moms be interested in Mother 3?
I don't think so.
Probably not.
But a personalized health coach?
That's, that's like what every soccer mom prays for before they go to bed.
Yeah.
So, we'll see.
Well, um, there's some pretty cool news.
This week they announced that there's gonna be a sequel to Boom Blocks coming out, Boom
Blocks Bash Party.
It's gonna have some additional levels and some other fun stuff.
But what's also kinda neat is they announced- That sounds really close to Boom Blocks Bachelor
Party.
Now that would make that game a hell of a lot more interesting, wouldn't it?
Um, yes, it would.
Too bad it's not gonna happen that way.
But apparently there's also something else that's interesting about it.
It's not gonna have friend codes.
There will be the ability to download and upload new levels and rate others, other people's
works.
And there will not be any additional security measures as far as friend's codes go.
But then again, this is an EA game, so, um, you know, maybe they're gonna have that stupid
break to sign up for, like, EA servers or something like that.
But still though, that's not friend's codes, and, um, that's pretty cool.
It's interesting it's taken this long for somebody to finally defy the friend code system.
I didn't- you know, I think a lot of us thought it was impossible, that if you wanted to do
the online Nintendo thing, you had to do friend's codes.
I think what makes this story notable is not necessarily who or what game is doing it,
but the whole fact that it can be done.
Yes.
And the other thing that's interesting, you might remember that there was that rumor before
that there was gonna be a major game that would not use friend codes.
Here it is.
Boom Blocks is a major game?
It actually is.
It is a pretty major game.
It sold really well, the first one, and it's been a pretty fun puzzle game.
I'm telling you though, the puzzle games need some tits in them.
It's- they would- Like Gals Panic!
No, no, no, no, no.
I know I've gotten into this on the show before.
Gals Panic I fully approve of.
Me too.
But not all puzzle games need tits in it.
If you will remember, Bubble Bath Babes, not a good puzzle game.
Nobody bought it.
But it was a start.
You know, Rome wasn't built in a day.
They tried, and you know, I don't know why that was never further explored, but you know,
why did Miss Nude World have to stop at 96?
I know.
And remember in Leisure Suit Larry, they came out with one like a couple years back?
Like I thought that did pretty well, didn't it?
No.
How did the Leisure Suit Larry do?
I don't know.
But I thought that was like a-
But they are making another one.
Cult franchise or something.
Really?
Yeah.
Wow.
It's just- it's on hold right now because Sierra, which is part of the Vindi Universal-
well, the Vindi Universal got bought up by Activision, and you know, all their properties
are kind of being sold off and redirected, so.
It's still in the works.
I mean, it's supposed to be- well, right now I think we had it dated for April, but I don't
think it's going to come out in April, but probably this year.
And it's Leisure Suit Larry's box office bust.
Okay.
Because see, this is the little, you know, Larry, and he has to help his uncle, Larry,
who's the original Leisure Suit Larry, and they're in Hollywood, and, oh, it's funny!
And there's like, cartoony women with big boobs, and-
That'll have sex with him eventually.
They get drunk-
Let's find an audio clip of that song from Miss World, Nude 96.
I know we used to have it years ago on this show.
Yeah, we've played it before.
I know, it's been years.
It fits the mood so well, too, for a puzzle game.
Anyhow, here's a puzzle game that's going to be coming to WiiWare, it's Bubble Bobble
on WiiWare.
I love Bubble Bobble.
No word yet if it's going to have a level 30 bug that you can't find the boss in it,
but actually what's kind of interesting about it, it's been, I guess, published in Famitsu
Magazine, and the game looks like it's gotten a bit of an upgrade, it looks like the graphics
are, you know, this doesn't look like a port of the arcade, and certainly not the old NES
version, so when we say Bubble Bobble's coming to WiiWare, I'm not talking about just a port
of the NES game, it looks like some newer version of Bubble Bobble made specifically
for WiiWare.
And, the NES game pissed me off, especially when you have that special, was it level 99
that you had to do something special to get to the levels beyond that?
Well, here's the interesting thing, it's going to be 400 stages in this new WiiWare version,
it's a full, it's going to have a full recreation of the original Bubble Bobble, some higher
difficulty levels if you are so inclined.
Here's the other cool thing though, apparently the new WiiWare one, four player local co-op,
because you might remember the original was only two, and a brand new enemy.
Just one.
Just one, but a brand new enemy.
Apparently there's going to be download content for this game as well, 200 points a pop for
the download content, no word though how much the game itself is going to cost, I imagine
probably like 800.
Four million dollars!
So, but yeah, the download content will be 50 additional stages of high difficulty.
Wow.
And a unique boss character in each one, ooh!
I think that they should go all out with this, release an external peripheral that you can
attach to the Wii via USB, and it would be a bubble blowing machine, so that as you're
playing the game, you know, it would blow bubbles at you.
I've seen those in home, on PlayStation 3, like have you seen this, like in the, randomly
in the mall on home, there's bubble blowing machines, for no particular reason, they're
just sitting there in the middle of the mall.
I think like every time you blow a bubble in the game, they should blow another bubble
out at you, I mean that would be kind of funny.
That would be pretty awesome.
That would be very immersive if you did that.
That's like a whole like 4D type of gaming I don't think has been explored yet.
Like Bubble Bobble featuring real bubbles.
It's like smell-o-vision, but better, I'd say.
You need to patent that idea, Loki.
Quick.
That's alright.
I don't think that I'm really going to get my feelings hurt if someone actually releases
a bubble blowing machine.
Of course then, the bubble blowing machine, it breaks after 30 bubbles.
That's the downside to it.
That's ridiculous.
Very limited.
Well, Nintendo revealed their launch schedule for the second quarter of 2000.
I have to read this comment.
I know I've been reading this guy a lot tonight, but the stuff he's been saying is funny.
Acidic Vampire says, Bubbles are fabulous.
Makes me feel like Amy Adams in Enchanted.
Or Glenda the Good Witch.
Nevermind.
Yeah.
I get it.
Alright.
Read the damn next story.
Alright.
Well anyways, not really, I mean, I guess the second quarter, but everything that they've
announced so far for 2009.
Not a big surprise.
Japan, they've got some pretty cool stuff coming out.
You know, they have a sequel to, well, what they call over there Famicom Wars, which is
Advance Wars over here.
DS2 is coming out sometime in, you know, 2009.
There's going to be a Tomodachi collection that's coming out in 2009.
New Picross game, it's coming out in March.
Mario & Luigi RPG 3, which is scheduled to come out over there.
Oh finally, an interesting sounding game.
February 11th.
And then on the Wii, of course they've got their new play control games, Mario Power
Tennis coming out, actually it's already come out over there.
That was January 15th.
This week there's another code R, which is Trace Memory is what they called it over here
on the DS, but that's on the Wii now.
New play control Metroid Prime.
Also Pikmin 2, Metroid Prime is coming out in a couple weeks there, and Pikmin 2 in March.
Wii Sports Resort sometime in the spring, of course that's going to be over here as
well.
Sin and Punishment 2, of course sometime this year.
Endless Ocean 2, Hoshi no Kirby, Lion Attack Heroes, that's a weird name, Chibi-Robo,
they're going to do a new play control for that in Metroid Prime 2 as well.
And then they have some really weird names, oh Cosmic Walker, I guess that's a space version
of Endless Ocean, you're kind of space walking.
And then Dynamic Zen, Spurn Smashers, and Punch Out.
So that's interesting.
That's one game that had a lot of people excited previously was Punch Out, the new one.
Sometime it's going to be coming out.
And then of course in the US, some of the stuff that's already been announced, Fire
Emblem, Shadow Dragon, that's going to be coming out in a couple weeks, Pokemon Platinum
in March, Personal Trainer Walking, remember on the DS, that might go in with that whole
rumor there that that's actually going to come out over here, that update, coming out
sometime in 2009.
Rhythm Heaven coming out sometime in 2009, actually early April for that one.
Mario and Luigi RPG 3 coming out at some point, I'm going to guess probably May for that.
How long does it freakin' take to localize a game, Rhythm Heaven's not coming out until
April?
They were teasing that one at PAX last year, they were playing that.
And then the DSi sometime spring or summer of 2009, so that April rumor might actually
come true.
And then on the Wii, we've got Mario Power Tennis coming out in March as well as Pikmin.
Those are both coming out actually I think the same day.
Wii Sports Resort sometime in the first half of the year, Punch Out also in the first half
of the year, so probably Wii Sports, I'm going to try to guess here, maybe April and Punch
Out May or June, or maybe both June.
And then Sin and Punishment 2 sometime in 2009, which looks awesome.
And then of course in Europe, they're getting Rhythm Paradise over there, which, same game.
Walk With Me, do you know your walking routine?
Which comes with two activity meters.
At least it wasn't Twin Peaks Fire Walk With Me, do you know your fire walking routine?
They're getting Mario and Luigi RPG as well, Pokemon Platinum sometime in the first half
of the year.
Who killed Laura Palmer?
You better moonwalk to find out!
Kirby Superstar Ultra is also coming out over there, and then DSI Hardware sometime spring
or summer.
And then of course they're getting almost the same stuff as far as the play control
games.
Pikmin coming out February, that's surprising that they get Pikmin way before us.
Mario Power Tennis is coming out in March.
Fire Walk With Me!
Punch Out, stop it!
Punch Out in the first half of the year, new play control Pikmin in the first half of the
year.
Wii Sports Resort is coming out in 2009, right in the first half, and Sin and Punishment
2.
Another code R, so they're getting another code, and Endless Ocean 2 also coming out
over here.
I'm guessing anything that will probably have some more stuff that's unannounced.
Obviously they haven't announced what they're going to be talking about yet.
E3, and just a thought, probably not going to be interesting.
I don't know.
I guess there's a couple interesting games in there.
Unless they announce Excite Truck 2, in which case I will give them, you know, I will apologize
for everything I've said.
But unless there's an Excite Truck 2, you know, that's really the only stipulation.
Excite Truck 2, or they can get the hell out.
Well one game that you might notice is missing from Nintendo's upcoming release calendar,
and boy I hate covering this story.
File this in the bin of things that we don't really think we ought to cover on this show,
but I kind of feel like we have to.
Do you remember Bob?
Bob was the guy that locked himself in a room in his 100-day protest in an effort to get
a development kit for his game, Bob's Game.
And he aborted his protest, I don't know, so many days into it because I guess he couldn't
take it anymore, and basically destroyed his room was the grand finale of the protest.
And no, Nintendo never sent him a kit.
Well, some of the audio you're going to be hearing now in the background there is actually
some video of them defacing property at Nintendo World in New York City.
That's right, that's how they decided to get back at Nintendo for not sending Bob a development
kit is that he got some of his friends together who for some strange reason looked like a
bunch of foreign tourists that would probably have recruited Bob in the very beginning of
the video.
Yeah, I saw him.
Doesn't he look like a tool?
He just, he does just kind of, he does, yeah, he just, he looks like an asshole.
I mean, honestly.
I don't know.
But um, you just, yeah, you see these girls are going into the Nintendo World store and
everybody's filming things going on here, I don't know why they didn't call security,
but they take posters to the side of the store that say Bob's Game, and they end up, I don't
know, handing out flyers to all these people just interrupting, being generally rude.
They slip in business cards into a bunch of the different games, they put mock boxes up
onto the shelves, and they just basically, generally harass people.
And just act like assholes, really, if Jamie was here, she'd be having a field day right
now, honestly, she'd just, oh my god, I can't even imagine.
Let me add that, okay, for one, Bob's Game, great that you made a game all by yourself,
congratulations, you know what, lots of people have done that, and they have taken, you know,
their game online, whatever, and you know, we don't really hear too much about it, but
the fact is, just because you made a game by yourself does not mean it needs to be played.
Look at that, he just dumped a bunch of business cards on the floor.
Oh, what an ass.
I gotta know what the chat room thinks about this.
And then let me say the other thing, his game does not look good, and trust me, he doesn't
seem that creative.
Bob's Game, really, is that what you're gonna call it, Bob's Game, I'm sorry, I know there
is a game actually coming out by Graffiti Entertainment, they're the ones publishing
it, it was a game called Black Siegel, I forget what it was originally called, but it was
a homebrew DS Game Boy Advance game that they finally did get a publisher because they couldn't
publish it on their own, and yeah, it's not one person putting it out, but you know what,
they went through the proper channels and got their game published, because he doesn't
need to publish this game himself, he just needs to find a publisher to do it for him,
and you know, if no one's picking it up, gee I wonder why, and so they're actually going
through channels that may be a really small company, but they're gonna get it published,
and I think his game could probably get published by the same company if he really tried, but
he's an asshole, and honestly, at first I felt bad for him because he couldn't get a
development kit, I don't give a shit now, I think he's an asshole, and I fucking, his
game looks like shit, it looks like something made with the old RPG maker, and it really
does not look good at all, I would not buy this game, especially after all this shit
he's been pulling.
SSJ100Matt in our chat says, fucking douchebag, even if his game came to the DS, I wouldn't
buy it.
GS68 says, for fuck's sake, look at Pixel or Nijoro or whatever, they don't get paid
for their shit and they don't care, and says this should be an OLR stupid award of the
year, and Acidic Vampire says he's being a whiny little bitch.
He pretty much is, what is he hoping to accomplish by doing all this?
For real!
I mean, do you think anybody at Nintendo is gonna, at Nintendo, like executives, are actually
gonna hear about this?
Oh my, you're doing all of this stuff, we should publish, or, you know, make, put your
game out.
Oh, I know!
It's like he doesn't get the cops called on him.
It's like he doesn't get the cops called on him.
He's probably gonna release it as a ROM or something, and still no one's gonna download
it.
He put the video on the internet.
Do you know how stupid that is?
Because like now there's video out there of you essentially vandalizing the property and
making the scene here at the Nintendo World Store or whatever.
You know?
You don't think they might come after you?
I want you, Miyamoto, to come out with like the Master Sword and just like chop him in
half.
That'd be awesome.
I'm sorry, this guy does not need any more of our time, and to be honest, I don't give
a shit if his game ever gets published.
And really, you know, release it as in the homebrew community or something like that,
because you know what?
I don't think anyone's gonna give a shit.
The game doesn't look that great, okay, it has all this, you know, gameplay and stuff
in it, but it doesn't look that good.
It really doesn't.
There's no reason that this should be published.
Gameguru in chat says, Bob's been blackballed from the video game industry, and you know
what?
I think, I think the blogs need to stop giving this guy any attention.
At all.
We should too, so okay.
Go ahead.
He's a dick face, and he's a crappy game developer.
The end of the story.
Let's move on.
I just, I just want to say though, I just want to say, I want to put a request out there
to the OL Army.
If you see this guy getting any more coverage on blogs out there or whatever, please leave
a comment, email the blog, and ask them to please stop giving this guy attention.
It starts here.
No more.
Bob Chat is banned from Orange Lawns Radio.
I don't ever want to hear about this stupid idiot again, and I hope, I hope to hell his
thing gets him in trouble and whatever.
And if you see him on the street, you should kick him in the junk.
I think so.
So the OLR banishment of Bob begins here, and now with our favorite segment.
Loki would you like to start us off with the FUs of the week tonight?
Yes.
I guess I FU'd Bob because he's annoying, and honestly I watched that video clip today
and I was like, oh my god, really?
Are you guys doing this?
I mean, you really think this is going to work?
You just feel awkward watching it, don't you?
It does feel awkward, and I feel-
Like those girls have no idea what they're doing.
And it's not hurting Nintendo at all, it's pissing off the people that have to work in
that damn store, they have to clean up this stupid mess, because you're a stupid game
that's never going to get published, and is not any good anyways.
So what?
You're one person that you made a game, oh my god, you're the first person on earth to
make a game before.
There's a lot of people that make games by themselves, you know, and they put it out
on the Atari and shit like that?
That's how the whole fucking game industry worked, and it's how it became.
Just because you're one dude that makes a game doesn't mean that Nintendo has to give
you a dev kit because you think you're awesome, that you did with one person what a whole
team of people would do.
But guess what?
The game made with a team of people is probably a whole lot better, and it will get published.
Your game, not so much.
I concur.
That's it?
Nothing else to say about your personal life?
Oh, and those burger shot burgers aren't that good anymore.
I'm over- So F you today.
F you, burger shot burgers.
My F you of the week goes to the Super Bowl for cutting into tonight's live ratings.
That's always a bummer.
And then I give an F you to phantom pains I have.
Even after all those surgeries and stuff and scare I had last year, I really don't want
to have pains anymore, so it kind of sucks.
Because then it always freaks me out that it's worst case scenario, like I've got cancer
or something, and it's just, it's stupid, and I just, I just want to be healthy.
For once.
You'll be healthy.
I hate it.
I know.
Rice Princess, your F yous.
Fuck you to Lieutenant Felix Gaeta.
I don't know who the fuck you think you are, but you just pissed off a whole lot of people,
and I hope you fucking die.
I feel so sorry for that actor.
No, I'm sure he's a great actor.
He did a lot of voice work for Ronda.
You know there's people that don't know how to tell the difference, though.
Yeah, I know.
I'm not, like, crazy.
I just don't like him as a character, but I hope he fucking gets airlocks or some shit.
That must be, like, the first gay guy you've, like, really just wanted to beat up.
Yeah, I do.
Oh my god.
I would never be his hag.
I wouldn't be like, go fuck yourself out of an airlock.
I don't know.
But yeah, I'm mad at him, so.
Alright.
Uh, does Silent Nathan have any F yous of the week, or is he sleeping?
No, he's shaking, no, he's shaking his head, though.
A simple no.
Alright.
That's it.
Yeah, SSJ100Matt says, you don't see Aaron from Snake 360 pulling that crap.
That's true.
I mean, there's so many great ways for poking on there.
He's nice.
I'm serious, though.
That guy is not the only guy that's programmed a game by himself.
Hell, there's been people that have made a, I think, a whole anime movie by themselves,
and you know, here are them bitching and stuff, and their movie gets made, and it looks fucking
awesome.
And I do want to clarify for the chatroom, because they were asking, even though Bob
is banned from OLR, you can still say Bobby Blackwolf.
That's okay.
You can say it.
It's part of a bigger word.
It's just Bob as far as Bob's game, and you know.
There might be a CEO or something of some company named Bob, and that's alright.
And if Bob, Bobby Blackwolf makes a game, you can call it Bobby's Game.
That's right.
You can shorten it to Bob's Game, but you know, that doesn't really work.
I would like to see Bobby Blackwolf put out a game called Bob's Game, and get it put on
Xbox Live, and then sue the other Bob.
That's what I would like to see happen.
That'd be awesome.
I'm gonna make an email to Bobby later on.
Um, oh my god, LittleBigPlanet.
You should do something making fun of Bob's Game on LittleBigPlanet.
There you go.
That'll be fun.
We'll see.
Um, I wanted to say also, AcidicVampire, sometimes our chatroom joins in on the FUs, and I don't
always read in the mall, because then we'd be here for a day, but this just made me think
of something that Rice Princess and I were talking about the other day.
AcidicVampire in chat says, F you to those damn Snuggie commercials.
It's a rope backwards!
No, I, okay, for those that don't know what the Snuggie is, we have to talk about this
for a minute, because this is important.
The hell with video games.
I want one of these for when I play video games.
Buy a robe and turn it backwards.
Done.
The Snuggie is a blanket, but it has sleeves on it, because you know how sometimes like
your arms are just like, they're under the blanket, and if you want to get some, then
your arms get cold.
Hypothermia.
So the Snuggie fixes those problems, and I want one, because I get cold really easy.
You're what's wrong with this nation.
Yeah, it's so funny.
When I saw the commercial the first time, I was like, what a great idea, but I'm not
going to buy anything I see on TV, I'll just wait until it's a target.
You know what else is a great idea?
It's called a robe.
Guess what?
It also covers your back and your front.
You make it sound like I'm always sitting around my house naked.
I have clothes on, but sometimes you need an extra layer.
Exactly.
A sweater.
Hey, I wore a robe with these clothes on right now because not only was it warm, it was comfortable.
And guess what?
It's not a fucking Snuggie that probably costs a lot of money.
And they ripped off the Snuggie off of some other guy that had something very...
The slinket.
The slinket, yeah.
Well, then I'll buy a slinket.
I don't give a shit what the name is, I just want a blanket with sleeves.
I think it's a brilliant idea.
Did you see the what the fuck blanket, the parody?
Yes, I saw that.
You saw that, right?
You posted on your live show or whatever.
Yeah, that's right.
That's like the best thing ever.
And while we're at it, cashforgold.com is a complete ripoff, okay?
If anyone can't figure that out, I mean, yeah, you send us your gold first, then I'll tell
you how much it's worth.
Yeah, we'll wait for you and everything.
We'll give you a top...
Really?
Thanks.
We'll give you a top dollar for it.
Oh, and by the way, if you want your gold back, it's already melted down, so too bad.
Tired of using regular blankets like this asshole?
Do they somehow destroy your heating bills?
Do you struggle when trying to figure out how to put them on?
Are mundane tasks like answering the phone now impossibly difficult?
Well morons, now there's hope with the new what the fuck blanket, the blanket that'll
ruin your sex life.
That's on YouTube.
She looks like a monk.
I think I actually posted a reply on Rice Princess' live journal with a picture of one
of the happy, happy cultists, because it just reminded me, because they talk about how it
looks like a cult robe or whatever.
Somebody actually replied, my parents bought one for everyone in the household.
That shit is on the ground in the corner.
I like that idea.
Give it to me.
Don't let it sit in the corner.
I was like, you should give it to Rob.
He'd use it, I guess.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on with more gaming news.
Sorry for the...
The only thing that I don't like about the robe, though, is it conducts a lot of static
electricity, like a lot of static electricity, and it's not funny.
And what about the ShamWow?
That guy's annoying, too.
But that's an actual product that's good.
I mean...
Well, I've never used it.
I don't know.
Whatever happened to Sillet Bang?
That's...
Sillet Bang?
Where's the magic bullet?
It's like orange glow or something.
All right.
Enough.
Enough.
Games.
Video games.
Games.
Games.
Games.
Anyways, Gears of War PC.
I don't know, because there was a little problem.
Apparently, there is a Verisign code that has expired.
And because it expired, the game will not work past the date January 28th.
So if you want to play it, you have to set your date back to before the 28th, and then
it'll work just fine.
Epic is aware of the situation, and is working on a way to fix it.
So soon, it'll be fixed.
But right now, it's a minor inconvenience.
That's a pretty fucking big inconvenience, actually.
What if you just got this game, like, in the bargain bin at a store or something, and now
you can't even play the damn thing?
Well, then you would go online, read about it, and set your date back to before the 28th.
What if I'm not smart enough to do that?
Well, then, too bad.
Then you go back and take it back to Walmart and go, it's game no work, and then they'll
give you your money back.
Can you give me a Snuggie instead?
That's right.
Maybe I would take back my copies of Gears of War PC and get a Snuggie.
They should have a Gears of War Snuggie.
They should have a Gears of War Snuggie.
That would be awful.
They should have Snuggies that have, like, patterns on them, like, Sesame Street and
all this.
Sesame Street?
You know, all the stuff from, you know, when we were kids.
Yes.
Totally.
Or you could make your own out of a blanket.
But with sleeves, Loki, you're missing the point.
It needs sleeves.
I have an idea.
Why don't you get pajamas?
Or a jacket.
Or a robe.
Pajamas make me feel old.
Or like some socks.
What are you saying about pajamas, okay?
I have a pair of flannel pajamas that are fucking comfortable, okay?
And they're warm.
And they're warm.
Alright, look.
Gears of War didn't just make the mistake of not making a Snuggie out of their collection
or flubbing the PC version of the game.
Apparently, also, the Gears of War 2 Gold Lancer went up on Xbox Live for everybody
earlier this week.
This was something you were only supposed to get if you actually got the collector's
edition of Gears of War 2.
And when I say Gold Lancer, I don't mean a car.
It's the type of gun.
It's the type of gun that you use in the game.
Although it would be pretty awesome if you suddenly could use cars to run over the monsters.
And here's the other interesting thing about it.
According to a representative for Xbox Live, everybody who actually got the Gold Lancer
during the period that it was available, they're gonna have the item removed from the game
in an upcoming fix.
Right.
Just like they said the Fable 2 exclusive code or whatever for people to have the collector's
edition.
We're gonna find out who doesn't have the collector's edition.
We're gonna take it away from you.
Yeah, that never happened.
Apparently, also, the way they fixed this temporarily, they put the Gold Lancer...
I mean, they weren't able to remove the Gold Lancer from Xbox Live Marketplace.
Apparently, it was still there late last week, but it was being charged a price of 99,999
Microsoft points.
They do that.
They do that.
They did that before because they actually have that available and then there's also
some maps that were for Call of Duty World at War that were exclusive.
This was when they first launched that Xbox.com where you can actually queue up downloads
and stuff like that.
They had a way that if you go through...
Say you downloaded this Gold Lancer or whatever, you can go back into your history, find out
what the item or the URL is for the item posted on the internet, then anybody can go download
it or go to that link.
If it happened to be a free item, you'll be able to download it onto your system or something
like that.
Something that would be exclusive.
They did this originally with...
There was also the Banjo-Kazooie thing, the Xbox Live Arcade game that was available only
for a limited time.
However, they caught that too and they also put it, like, 99,999 as the amount for it.
You have to wonder if anybody spends the $150,000 or whatever it would take to get it anyway.
Well, there are people that buy stupid iPhone programs that cost thousands of dollars just
to have a stupid gem on there.
So...
Wow.
That's pretty sad.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I wish I had disposable income like that, but I don't.
You don't?
Well, if you did, then you could probably buy some of these new Xbox Live Arcade games
coming from Square Enix.
Of course, we talked about Yosamin Live, their puzzle game that's coming out with a little
angry...
I don't know, objects in there.
They have a little slime object that's kind of angry looking and a cross that looks angry.
It's a whole lot of angry stuff.
Actually, it's like, you know, like in Super Mario Brothers how everything has a smiley
face on it?
Everything has an angry face in this game, so that's interesting.
Some other games, of course, that are going to be coming as well.
The Crystal Defenders, which, of course, was originally a mobile game.
Some other stuff...
There are some other games that they're working on too that I didn't really mention the titles
for, though.
But they do have a lot more ports coming to Xbox Live Arcade and Square Enix is going
to start supporting it a little bit more.
So that's cool.
I don't really know what other games they have.
They had a game a while back in Itremaster.
That would be kind of neat.
Yeah, for Xbox Live.
That would be fun, right?
Yeah.
I wonder if they're still making money on that.
You know what I mean?
Like the online version?
Nah, I doubt it.
I mean, it's kind of free money at this point if they do have anybody playing it.
I mean, I'm sure it takes like one server to run the whole thing, but, you know, they
could release that as like a $10 Xbox Live Arcade game, maybe when you have to charge
a monthly fee and they still make a pretty penny off it.
They had a game, and I can't remember what the hell it was called.
It was, and I'm not even sure if it actually came out, but it was for, I think, the Playstation
2.
Might have been the Playstation 1.
And it was on a demo disc that was, I think it was the Playstation 1 now, if I remember
correctly.
It was on a demo disc with like, I want to say, maybe if it had been Final Fantasy 7,
there might have been some other stuff on there as well.
But it was a street racing RPG.
But I don't remember what it was called, though.
But I remember it had, you know, like racing in it, and it was from Square Enix.
I don't remember either.
But that would be another cool game to bring out.
Who knows?
Who knows?
And I'm sure there'll be some type of Final Fantasy milking at some point, which is not
necessarily a bad thing.
Well, they do have Crystal Defenders, which is a Final Fantasy game, so.
Alright, I guess there is that.
Hey, if you are downloading a lot of stuff on Xbox Live Marketplace for popular role-playing
games, perhaps you've checked out some of the content for Elder Scrolls Oblivion.
And Bethesda actually put out a list this week of what some of the top downloaded Oblivion
content is.
And funny enough, the top downloaded content is Wizard's Tower, is the number one most
downloaded content that they have.
Knights of the Nine is all the way down to number seven, Shivering Isles number eight.
But what's interesting, I mean, because those are pretty expensive if I remember right,
but what's interesting, remember all the shit that Bethesda used to get for the horse armor?
Remember the horse armor download they put?
Apparently that content, all it was, like where is all this other content I'm mentioning
is like new levels, new areas to explore, new quests and stuff.
Horse armor was just armor for your horse.
And it was just a visual thing only, it did nothing special.
Because yeah, so and they actually charged a lot of money for this.
It was like, at the time, it was an insane amount, I don't remember how much was horse
armor?
It was like five bucks, I think.
It was like five bucks for stupid armor for your horse.
Well the thing is, that checks in at number nine.
And they claim they still sell some horse armor every day.
Wow.
Still, even after all this time.
Fighter's Stronghold is the dead last entry on the top ten list.
You can get Elder Scrolls Oblivion the game of the year edition with the expansion on
it.
20 bucks.
Not bad.
I'm thinking about buying it again.
For Playstation 3?
Fuck that.
Who knows?
Xbox 360.
I didn't catch which system it was on.
No, the game of the year edition is on both.
So both of them are 20 bucks now.
Fighter's Stronghold is dead last.
Apparently though, that could be because this thing only ranks the bot download and pay
for it.
And Fighter's Stronghold was free for a little while, that's why I have it.
So probably a lot of people grabbed it while it was free and they never needed to get it
again.
But was it an Xbox Magazine disc that actually has two of those on there that were paid download
content for free?
If you want them.
I don't know if you still play Oblivion, but you know.
There's just so much to do in Oblivion.
I mean, god, even without the expansions, I felt like they could, I mean, literally
you can just walk around the world and just walk into random ass dungeons and explore
them.
I mean, there was just so much in that game.
I, it's crazy.
I can't wait for the next one.
It'd be crazy.
So there you go.
Still all that content for Oblivion is still popular today?
Something that's popular, I think, is still Raiden.
You may remember those as the wonderful top-down arcade shooter games.
Well, Raiden Fighter Aces, I believe, came out in Japan, and it's rumored to be coming
out over here as well.
Raiden Fighter Aces actually is a collection of three different Raiden Fighter games.
They have Raiden Fighters, Raiden Fighters 2, Operation Helldive, and Raiden Fighter's
Jet, all on one disc.
Well, the rumors are that Zoo Games is actually publishing the game in the US for $29.99,
and that's absolutely true, and it'll be coming out the first week of March.
Also, Raiden 4 will be coming out around the same time, actually later in March.
So a lot of good stuff for Raiden fans.
And GS68 wants to clarify two things.
He's saying Raiden.
Raiden, Raiden, whatever.
And Mortal Kombat kind of ruined it, because they called that one guy Raiden, forget it,
and says all of this is Japanese-only, right?
No.
It's coming stateside.
These are coming out in the US.
And what platform?
Xbox 360.
There you go.
And yeah, Raiden 4 will be coming out at the end of March.
Nice.
I'm sure there'll be a lot of people that are very interested in that.
Also some folks interested in everything Banjo Kazooie related, and there's Banjo Tooie.
Banjo Tooie is going to be coming out on Xbox Live Arcade, apparently a little later this
year.
Probably about 1,200 Microsoft points, although that hasn't been confirmed yet.
But it is confirmed.
It is coming out.
It's slightly upped graphics and upped frame rate as well.
And Stop and Swap is coming over.
Apparently this is something from the Nintendo 64 days, where if you got some items in Banjo
Kazooie, they will show up in Banjo Tooie as well.
So not too big of a surprise, since I'm assuming the first one did pretty well for them, and
the game was already done.
They just have to do some upgrades and sell it all over again for $15, and people will
buy it.
Where there's horse armor, there's Banjo Tooie.
Okay, maybe it's not that bad.
But you know, there's a lot of people who love the Banjo series, and I'm sure excited
to play it all over again with the updated graphics and widescreen and all that stuff.
So good for them.
Yeah, well, if you're not waiting for Banjo Tooie, there are some other things coming
out this week.
That might be something you want to pick up.
I don't know, not a whole lot this week, unfortunately.
Starting things off, let's see.
We have, for the Wii, Rygar Battle of Argus.
Yay.
I don't know, it's a port of the Playstation 2 game, and then they've added some Colosseum
levels or something like that.
So yay, a port of something!
That came out like, what, five years ago?
Yeah, it was a while ago.
So that'll be coming out.
And then this week, I know there's some miscellaneous DS games, like some Imagine crap.
Imagine, crapping.
No, it's really pathetic, the lineup this week, I swear.
And then, could that be because we have Street Fighter IV coming out the week after, or is
that two weeks?
It's two weeks.
Yeah, two weeks.
Actually, the week after would be Fear 2, and X-Planes.
Oh, there's people definitely excited about that.
That's for sure.
Yeah.
Street Fighter II is next week in Japan, but I'll get to that in a minute.
Oh, are you done with the US states?
This list that I'm looking at is not very accurate, it actually doesn't even have next
week.
It just skips over next week, that's how pathetic next week is.
I'm trying to think if there's, I think Tenchu Z, or not Tenchu Z yet, Tenchu 4 on the Wii
is coming out I believe as well, at least I can't remember if that got delayed or not.
Yeah, so it's basically Tenchu or nothing.
This whole January-February period is usually pretty slow for game releases.
The Street Fighter IV thing is kind of a, I get the sense it's something Capcom is kind
of trying out.
Usually you don't see a lot of big, big games in this time frame, right?
Actually, Capcom typically releases stuff in the first quarter.
Interesting.
Actually, this year they're releasing stuff first quarter and second quarter, which is
good.
But they are pretty smart to do so, because there's not much competition this time of
year.
Although this year there's pretty good stuff coming out.
But yeah, not too much, this next week is really dead.
So we'll wait for the week after that where we actually get into the meat of things, and
it'll start picking up from there all the way through March.
Alright, let's talk about Japanese release dates.
Luckily it looks a little better over there for the Japanese release dates.
On the Xbox 360, Burnout Paradise, the Ultimate Box set, makes this way, and I'm assuming
that's just all the special download stuff we got here.
It's the Burnout plus the ultimate party thing that they've got that's going to be a download
next week.
Basically all the extra crap.
You can get that in Japan this week on February the 5th for the Xbox 360.
Also, Midnight Club Los Angeles comes out on the 5th.
If you head over to the place, it's racing fun on the Xbox 360 this week.
By the way, Street Fighter IV is next week, but I'll remind you about that next week.
On the PlayStation 3, Burnout Paradise, the Ultimate Box also there, as well as Midnight
Club Los Angeles.
You also get Shaun White snowboarding, and Demon's Souls is a game that's coming out
from Sony on the PlayStation 3.
It's... what are you laughing at over there?
And Demon's Souls you get.
It's apparently a pretty big release.
It's an RPG coming out.
Demon's Souls!
I sure... but... shut up.
For that, I'm not going to tell you anything more about Demon's Souls.
You'll just have to.
It will forever be a mystery.
Oh, no.
No, please, Rob.
Tells you about Demon's Souls.
Well, it's an RPG made by Sony.
I think it's pretty... alright.
On the Nintendo Wii, another code R. Kyoku no Tobira is coming out from Nintendo.
D-Terminal and AV-Cable.
That's right.
If you need a new AV-Cable, you can get that this week.
Well, D-Terminal's pretty cool.
I've been waiting for years for that to come out.
Finally.
Well, the D-Terminal's cool because, I mean, you know, if you want to hook it up to a PC
monitor, that's the only way you can do it, really.
I've got to say, though, this another code R game actually sounds kind of cool.
Is this just Lost in Blue?
No, it's just Trace Memory.
Oh, it's Trace Memory.
Oh, okay, because I got confused when I looked at the thing.
This game actually sounds kind of cool.
The first one was really slow.
You know what's weird?
I thought that game has been out for a while.
No, it's just coming out of the game.
At least I've seen it floating around for a while, but, you know, I could be wrong.
I've been thinking of the DS version.
I think you are.
Yeah, I think you are.
Coming out on the PlayStation 2, nothing.
There's one game getting a price reduction, Momotaro Densetsu 16.
That's it.
And nothing else is new.
Nintendo DS is a little different.
There is some new stuff coming out, but it's mostly like covers and pouches and things
like that.
But there is a game called Destiny Links coming out from Bandai Namco, and it's an RPG, of
course.
And you get your character and you sail forth to Amazia, the island of happiness.
That sounds like a destiny I want.
I'm not making it up.
Can't wait to get to Amazia.
Amazia.
I believe that's it.
I'm trying to look at PSP really quick and see if there's anything there.
Midnight Club LA Remix, Shaun White Snowboarding, and DJ Max Fever, by the way, is supposed
to be coming out in the US.
I think it did already hit the US, but it got delayed some places because of the snowstorms
that were going on, right?
Yeah, fucking ice storms.
Some people got their hands on it.
Hey, let's go to Europe real quick.
Since Jamie's not here tonight, I'll go ahead and read the Europe dates for you.
Now, see, Japan and the US were kind of slow, but Europe has a big week ahead.
For February 6th, they're getting Burnout Paradise on the PC, Castlevania Order of Aclatia
on the DS, Chrono Trigger finally hits on the DS for those folks in Europe, Gauntlet
on the DS, Lost in Blue 3 on the DS, New Play Control Peekman comes out on the Wii, Raven
Squad hits the Xbox 360 and PC, Rise of the Argonauts hits PS3, Xbox 360, and PC, Shell
Shock 2, fucking tongue twister, Shell Shock 2 Blood Trails comes out on 360, PS3 and PC,
and Walk With Me, do you know your walking routine on the DS?
Do you know that you're walking right now?
Isn't it funny that even when we get the crap game, so do Europe, but when we get a great
game like Chrono Trigger, they have to wait like three months for it.
You poor guys.
Well, they got Pikmin.
See, they're gonna get the port of Pikmin now, and we're gonna get the new Zelda months
before they will.
Yeah.
That's fair.
Go Nintendo.
I'm sorry.
Boy oh boy.
You know what else is equally awesome as, you know, delays and stuff like that?
Rock band receiving some brand new tracks from Nickelodeon's High School Musical-esque
movie, Spectacular, yes, there's two songs from the film, Break My Heart and Don't Tell
Me.
They're both available for the equivalent of one dollar on your Xbox Live Marketplace
or PlayStation Network.
And of course, if you happen to wait until March 31st for the DVD release of Spectacular,
there will also be a redemption code for a free download of the two songs via the rock
band music store.
And if you're curious what this sounds like, it's not terrible.
Yes, it is.
I don't think I'd pay money for it though.
It's not terrible, but it is terrible.
Shut up.
It's interesting how diverse rock band is getting, I mean, we have the country stuff
and now we get the tween stuff.
The thing is, it's not anything that you have to download, but I do appreciate the option
of being able to download something like this, because that means that they can release other
things that are of other genres that, you know, may appeal to me a little bit more.
I mean, at least they're willing to put it up there, then to just say, oh, we're just
going to put out more, you know.
The entire chat room is crying out in pain at what we just played, especially because
you won't hear this on the podcast because the podcasts are mono sound, but when it played
live, that YouTube, for whatever reason, was left channel only.
So people are like, ah, my right ear is bleeding.
By the way, you have your headset on backwards because that YouTube was left channel only.
Dark Tetsuya pours bleach on his speakers, Leo Shen, my ears are bleeding now, damn it.
Alright fine, I guess there's not a lot of people that are going to be downloading the
Spectacular songs.
But it's spectacular.
But it's spectacular.
Also Spectacular is a segment we like to do here every week on Orange Lounge Radio.
We like to pay a little respect to the classic games, and it's a little segment we do here
on the show called the Classic Game of the Week.
Of course, Dark Soccer is the one that usually does this segment, but she's not here tonight,
so we have no game that she picked.
I decided to pick one for us, but you know, I kind of picked one collectively for all
of us to kind of match, you know, there is a certain something going on right now in
the world, you know, there's that big game, I guess they throw a ball around and all this
stuff.
No, no, of course, we are taping the same day as the Super Bowl, and when you talk football
and you talk video games, there really is one classic video game you have to recognize,
and that is this week's Classic Game of the Week.
Blades of Steel.
No.
Tecmo Bowl is this week's Classic Game of the Week.
Yay.
That's right, the wonderful 8-bit sounds of Tecmo Bowl on the NES.
I chose purposefully not to do Tecmo Super Bowl tonight, I did Tecmo Bowl, the old school
game, because this is, you know, a little more of a classic, and this is, I played this
game a hell of a lot growing up, you know, and I know we like to think that Rob plays
like no sports games and hates them all, but there are a few, few and far between that
will come along once in a while to get my attention, and Tecmo Bowl was one of them.
So let's learn a little bit about Tecmo Bowl.
Tecmo Bowl was actually based off an arcade game, an arcade version of Tecmo Bowl.
I should be noted, that's not what we're citing as the Classic Game of the Week, because I've
played the arcade version in a compilation that was on the Xbox, Tecmo Classic Arcade,
and it stinks compared to the one on the NES.
It doesn't seem to move as quickly, I just don't care for it.
So Tecmo Bowl on the NES is our Classic Game of the Week.
You've probably seen this before, it was released on the Wii Virtual Console on March 12, 2007,
but the original came out in 1989 after the original arcade version was released in 1987.
The arcade version had this big two monitor setup so that four people could play, but
the NES version was way scaled down because it was only two players.
You could do three modes, one player, two player, or just a coach mode where you would
pick all the plays.
The playbook only has four offensive plays, or if you're on defense, you kind of try to
pick the play that you think the offense is going to pick, and you did it with this combination
of the controller and the buttons.
Tecmo Bowl isn't a perfect game though, it was a little better than Ten Yard Fight, which
was one of the only other football games that was out at the time.
Apparently almost any pass that you throw to a covered receiver is going to end up an
interception.
If you use the New York Giants, and you use Lawrence Taylor, apparently you can pretty
much block almost all kicks, and apparently San Francisco has a play that is usually unstoppable
against almost any defense, and I used to win every time with San Francisco and I think
that's probably why.
By the way, you wouldn't actually be playing as the New York Giants though in the game
because they didn't have the licensing from the NFL to actually use the names of the teams,
so when you selected teams, you were just Indianapolis, or San Francisco, or New York.
But it was weird, they had certain teams in the game but not certain others.
For instance, you don't have, you know, the Steelers.
I don't know if that has to do with the whole NFL layup, I don't know, forget it.
But anyway, I don't know enough about football to understand the whole thing behind that,
but you do get the players, and they are all in the game, and you know, it was the old
8-bit NES days, they didn't really look any different, it's just that you had the different
names.
However, if you downloaded this on the Virtual Console version, you didn't get the names
because the licensing had expired, so they actually removed all the names from the version
that came out for Virtual Console, which kind of stinks, if you think about it.
By the way, there was also a version on mobile phones that was released in 2004, and apparently
they are bringing this series back.
Tecmo Bowl Kickoff, I don't know if this came out yet, but that was supposed to be coming
out on the DS, but I don't know if that ever did actually come out, or is still on its
way out, but I think it, I can't remember if it came out in November or not, it was
originally going to come out in November.
You know what, it just, it just isn't the old school 8-bit version, so, you know, and
I know there's a lot of people very partial to Tecmo Super Bowl, but I just, I have to
take a minute to just recognize the greatness of the classic NES version, you're actually
nodding your head, Rice Princess.
Uh, yes, it did come out.
Oh, it did come out?
When did it come out?
Uh, not too long ago, but it's available for 20 bucks.
There you go.
Apparently it just price dropped.
Rice Princess, were you a fan of Tecmo Bowl?
No.
No?
Okay.
Were there any sports games that you played?
Um, I liked this about Tecmo Bowl too, was that it had like little cinematics, when you
had to touch down, it was like high five and super slow motion because we don't really
have movies, and this halftime show, whoa, I know, cinematic halftime show is pretty
awesome.
It's like Ninja Gaiden, but with the ball, I was nodding my head because I'm concurring
with your point about like, um, paying homage to like the older original versions and stuff
like that.
Personally, if I were to pick a, you know, an NFL game that was going to be my, um, you
know, pick for something like this today, NFL Blitz, I knew it.
All right, fair enough.
Maybe next year, maybe during next Super Bowl, we'll see.
But that's it for now.
It's your classic game of the week, Tecmo Bowl here on Orange Lounge Radio.
And with that, it's going to bring part A of our show to a close tonight, but don't
go anywhere because we're going to be just right back in a few seconds with part B. If
you're listening on the podcast, it only takes a few seconds.
You hear that little doo, doo, doo, doo, and then it's right back into part B. But if you're
listening live, this is the point where we, uh, take a little bit longer of a break to,
you know, get a drink of water, use the restroom, toilet bowl, not the toilet Super Bowl.
And this will actually be, it's very special this week, our break, because this will be
try to restrain a rice princess from my Xbox 360 for 10 minutes during the break.
So we'll see how that works.
We'll be right back in just a little bit with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Hi and welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio on this lovely Sunday evening, February the
1st of 2009.
You know, there's a big football game going on today, but we're here doing a show anyway.
It's over actually.
The Steelers won.
Apparently it was really exciting.
I guess there was like a, a big run to a touchdown or things like, you can totally tell.
I don't know dick about football when you play football, although I do love tech mobile
as you saw there at the end of part a, but we're back now with more of Orange Lounge
Radio and we have a plenty more news stories to get to dark soccer is not here tonight
if you're just tuning in.
Cause we've had people slowly tuning as, as people realize it's over on the game.
Uh, we have more and more people slowly tuning in tonight.
Dark soccer is not here tonight.
She has some family errands to take care of and lovely Prosser Washington, which I think
is towards the South of Washington.
I'm not sure.
I don't live there.
Um, but she's, she's not that close to Seattle.
That's what she told me.
It's not that close to Seattle.
Um, but we're still here.
Rice princess is here tonight, uh, helping to fill in and give us some sarcasm and wit
as she usually does, or at least attempts to do.
And silent Nathan is also here, but he wouldn't know cause he doesn't say much, but he is
here wearing his hoard hat, uh, showing his pride for the hoard.
I'm wearing my Alliance sweater.
Oh, do you two like fight for real over?
Awesome.
Oh, too bad we don't have a webcam, but we will have it next week.
Cause there's a cord coming from New Jersey.
I found out.
Woo.
Woo hoo.
All right, let's get back into some gaming news.
Loki's here to deliver the news as always.
What's up, Loki?
Uh, not much.
Um, there will be some new download content coming out for the new Prince of Persia game.
Um, this takes place after the end of the game.
It's going to be the epilogue download content and it will kind of further develop the relationship
between the two main characters and also have them, um, you know, going after our new enemy,
the shape shifter.
Are they going to do it yet?
I don't think so.
And then it's apparently the shape shifter is an enemy that takes the form of two of
Eremon's most fearsome lieutenants, the warrior and the hunter.
And it's as though their physical form is familiar to our heroes and the player.
It will require a particular strategy to defeat the shape shifter, rewarding the player that
takes advantage of the new sprint feature exclusive to the epilogue.
Will I get to have more conversations with the chick that always saves me from falling
to my death?
Uh, possibly.
Awesome.
And, uh, of course, you know, they're going to have the sprinting offensive and Elika
is going to get the new energized power, which will allow her to temporarily, um, temporarily
restore a piece of destroyed environment.
Huh.
That'd be interesting.
Will, uh, will the game still help me every step of the way by telling me what buttons
to push?
Maybe.
Awesome.
Uh, the download content will be available though on February 26th.
All right.
Check that out.
How much do they have price for that?
No price yet.
So, uh, somewhere between five and $10.
I'm guessing.
Well, something that does have a price, a pretty high price, 8,190 yen, they are going
to charge to this.
That's 90 American dollars.
They are charging for the last remnant on PC, and this is according to Famitsu Magazine.
There is a PC port of the last remnant.
This was a role playing game that was put on the Xbox 360.
They hit kind of mixed reviews.
Um, some of our listeners have been saying pretty favorable things about this.
I haven't checked this game out myself yet.
Um, but if you don't own an Xbox 360 and you want to check this out on PC, um, you might
be in luck because it is coming in Japan on April 9th, but it is going to have that pretty
high price tag.
And then when you count importing fees on top of that or what have you, although of
course, I'm sure if you wanted to go to darker places on the internet, you could probably
get it for free.
Um, but I don't know, you know, it's going to be all in Japanese, so who knows?
Um, apparently though, it's going to actually give you some extra stuff in the PC version.
You can speed up battle animations now.
Um, it will have more leader class characters.
You can preview equipment in the menu and you can actually switch between Japanese and
English.
So maybe you won't need to patch much more than the menus to get this.
So, and Rama is in chat and says it's a great game.
He says, last remnant, great game at comment coming from our chat room, chat dot orange
launch radio.com.
If you're just joining us post super bowl, you should come join us as long as it's easier
to install and have run than grand theft auto four.
By the way, one other quick thing I want to say about this game.
This is the game that a square enix took the unreal engine for.
Remember you might remember a few years back, there was a big news story that square enix
had purchased the unreal engine for something.
This is that game.
So you can see it in motion on the PC in the last remnant.
Apparently it was un-really disappointing.
That's a mixed mixed bag, mixed bag of opinions.
Yeah.
Well, something that might be a little bit better, hopefully are some sequels to some
well known capcom franchises.
There was some talk about brand new dead rising game and a lost planet game and that they
may possibly be multi platform.
This of course is coming from an issue of Famitsu magazine with an interview with the
capcom executive Kenji Inafune and of course he mentioned of course new dead rising lost
planet games.
I mean, not a big surprise since you know capcom dead rising did very well for them
and you know they're making a lost planet movie for god's sake so not a big surprise
that we'll see some new games and the fact that they'll be multi platform is not a shock
either.
Cool, hopefully those are soon.
Hopefully we'll see those at E3.
It's interesting to think about what kinds of stuff we're really going to see come out
of E3 this year because there's been a lot of, it's been fairly quiet all things considered.
I'm thinking this year's E3 is going to be pretty big especially with the whole return
to E3's roots even though they say not really but you know that whole thing.
We'll see.
Also, but capcom is all about the multi porting too so I'm sure if these things are coming
out they're going to be everywhere on every platform right?
There you go.
Alright let's see, let's talk about Bioshock 2 another game that's probably going to get
some attention at E3.
I'm almost positive they've got to be showing more of this game at E3 this year.
Bioshock 2 the Sea of Dreams, or I'm sorry Sea of Dreams there's no V in there.
But Bioshock 2 Sea of Dreams is actually going to finally add something that was missing
from the first Bioshock and what was missing from the first Bioshock for being a first
person shooter?
Multiplayer.
That's right.
Apparently this is all according to some recent job listings that were discovered.
The Bioshock team is looking for some multiplayer gameplay experts.
They're looking for some people who know how to extend and enhance the Unreal Engine 3
with proprietary networking technology to address gameplay performance and so on.
As somebody who can deliver a robust, scalable and responsive multiplayer gameplay code and
backend services for the PC, PS3 and Xbox 360 platforms.
So unless there's some top secret unannounced project going on here, you can almost count
on the fact that Bioshock 2 is going to have multiplayer in it.
Which is something the first one was pretty lacking.
Although honestly, I mean it didn't need it.
Bioshock was a hell of a first person shooter game.
You know that even people that don't play a lot of first person shooters like me can
get into.
Because it was almost like Silent Hill-ish in how scary it was, at least for me.
Kind of the psychological element of the game.
So it's going to be interesting to see what multiplayer does to all that.
Then that gets me thinking, since I invoked Silent Hill in that last story, why did we
never get like a multiplayer Silent Hill?
Wouldn't that be kind of interesting?
Well because they tried, I don't think it would work out.
I guess it wouldn't because Silent Hill, you know a lot of times is somebody's personal
interpretation.
You know what I mean?
It's usually a very personalized story so I don't think anything like that would really
work.
But it's fun to think about.
Not really.
Shut up.
Guitar Hero World Tour is going to be getting some brand new download packs in February.
The first pack is going to be the Acoustic Track Pack, which is available for 440 Microsoft
Points.
Included with that will be the song Holic.
That makes me angry.
Oops.
No.
And the Acoustic Track Pack, which will be available for 440 Microsoft Points or $5.49,
will include three different songs, including Drive by Incubus, a new slang by The Shins,
and Wonderwall, the Oasis cover by Ryan Adams.
Those are each also available for 160 Microsoft Points or $2 each.
Wait a minute.
Ryan Adams covered Wonderwall?
Like, wow.
That's going to be bad.
I'm sorry.
I saw Ryan Adams once in concert and he was kind of a douche.
So I mean, he's a douchey guy covering a douchey song from a douchey band.
I mean, this is just like, oh, this is going to be terrible.
Sorry.
Then we have the Wings Track Pack, which is also available for 440 Microsoft Points or
$5.49, including Junior's Farm, Hi Hi Hi, and Jet, and I'm sure nothing that has to
do with the television series Wings.
Then we have the Bob Seger Track Pack, also 440 Microsoft Points and $5.49, including
that old-time rock and roll, that's awesome, Her Strut, and Get Out of Denver, which is
a live version.
An old buddy of Orange Lounge Radio, Marissa, is in chat right now.
I love me some Marissa.
I hope she comes back to the show at some point.
She's in chat right now, so Marissa Congusto, and she's saying, yes, he did in regards to
Ryan Adams.
He changed the melody, and then OMG, no, I heart Oasis.
Don't get me wrong.
I like Oasis.
I actually downloaded some of their stuff for Rock Band, but if you ever have listened
to them in interviews, they are kind of douchey.
They're straight up assholes.
What are you talking about?
But you know, hey, some of the greatest musicians were big douchebags, so, you know.
And some weren't.
All right.
Wait.
Sorry, Loki.
Oh, that's it.
Oh, OK, well, then we'll talk about PC games, and interesting that they say, at least according
to a survey that's coming out from, I believe, is this coming from the MPD group?
Yes, it is.
MPD group is saying 47% of PC game purchases are, in fact, digital.
So meaning, you know, Steam, D2D, or whatever's going on there.
So this is funny, because last week, weren't we just talking about how it seemed like the
shelf space at GameStop for PC games was little to none?
Yes.
So, kind of interesting here.
Apparently, according to the survey, 93% of PC gamers bought at least one game digitally
in the past 12 months.
71% bought four games digitally.
Very interesting.
But then I think about some of those games, like PopCap, and those types of games, like,
you know, if you go and download, you know, because I bring this up, because obviously
they're huge, casual PC games, you know, and a lot of people go to the site, download the
trial game, and then you can, you know, put your credit card number in online and get
the full version.
That's digital distribution right there.
You know, I don't think that necessarily means, like, half of all games are bought off Steam.
I don't think that's necessarily what it means.
I think it goes a little deeper than that, especially when you filter in these classic
games from a site like Yahoo Games or whatever, where, you know, you can get, you know, click
now and put in your credit card number to get the full version of Diner Dash 5.
Woo!
And it will be.
So.
Yeah.
That's kind of not surprising in a way, but interesting.
Yes.
Very.
You know what else is interesting?
I'm sure that means the shelf space is going to continue to shrink.
What else is interesting, Logie?
People finding different things about LittleBigPlanet, including some upcoming patch details.
Apparently, this was leaked out from a photo that was on Media Modicles Flickr page.
And if you look very closely, you'll notice that there is a white board with a bunch of
different information about download content and updates.
And the next one that's on the list there, which I can't quite see the code name for,
but it will include new tutorials and online creation mode, where you'll be able to work
with other players and create your own levels online.
Awesome.
And apparently, there's also going to be a new arcade pack at some point.
I don't know what exactly that is.
Arcade pack?
Yeah.
It says...
That could be all kinds of cool!
...what will include no idea.
But something else.
Yeah.
I'm trying to see code name.
What are your thoughts on LittleBigPlanet, RicePrincess?
You haven't talked a lot about it on the show, but I know you love Wii.
You hate 360.
So PS3's got to be a nice neutral ground.
What do you think about LittleBigPlanet?
I don't know.
I've never played it.
Really?
Really.
I haven't.
It's actually a lot of fun.
It was my favorite game that came out last year.
Really?
Yeah, I love it.
I don't have a PS3.
You've got to see how cheesy some of the user levels are.
I think that's how you will like it.
Go on there and play the Warcraft-inspired Onyxia's Lair level.
Oh, God.
You'll love it for how cheesy it can be.
I hope so.
I wonder if there's a Rocky Horror Picture Show level.
There should be.
There ought to be.
I'm going to search for one.
Oh, my word.
If not, we need to make one somehow.
Totally.
Where your character has to jump to the left and then step to the right.
Oh, my God.
Consistently.
And utilize the pelvic thrust.
Yes.
And utilize the pelvic thrust.
To drive people insane.
All right.
Shut up.
All right.
But all these features sound pretty awesome for LittleBigPlanet.
Yes.
So, no word to the time frame?
No.
But, again, this is based off information that's coming off of a picture of a whiteboard.
Well, still, you know, if the studio themselves put up the picture, I would actually say that
is a pretty respectable source because I don't think they're going to think to, quick, erase
the whiteboard.
We're spilling all our secrets.
You know what I mean?
They're spilling your secrets onto the whiteboard.
Sorry.
I'm laughing at chat.
AcidicVampire in chat.
Chat.onoursonstrated.com.
You're getting read a lot tonight, buddy.
He's saying a lot of funny things.
It says, Skye, play the Parker Posey level.
It's not popular, but it's great.
What?
There's a Parker Posey level.
Oh, my God.
I want to play it so bad.
I think I'm going to do that right after the show.
No, because I'm going to play Resident Evil 5.
I'm going to push you if you don't let me.
I have to put that in the queue.
Do I get to unlock stickers of Parker Posey?
I don't know.
If so, I'm so sold.
That's awesome.
Like, party girl and everything.
Oh, God.
Amazing.
Aw, or like, why is that?
Silent Nathan is now suddenly interested in Little Big Planet?
Maybe I'll go play it right now.
Right now.
Now.
All right.
Bye.
Um, hey, speaking of games that I want to play right now, I can't play this right now,
but apparently it's going to be in development.
Tron, a new game.
A new Tron game.
You know, they showed that trailer for Tron 2, or TR2N.
What they showed at Comic Con.
Apparently there is a game coming out for this whole thing as well.
This is according to Variety.
Even though there were some issues with the Disney video game company, Variety magazine
is reporting that apparently Disney is shipping to game developers a concept for TR2N, or
Tron 2.
Of course, no idea what it's going to be like or anything.
But of course this makes me think, okay, there was a Tron 2.0, and it wasn't very well received.
So hopefully whatever, but the original Tron game was awesome.
Never played it.
It's pretty awesome.
They have it on Xbox Live, and it was one of those games that was better in the 80s,
and when you play it now you're kind of like, oh, this game is better left in my imagination.
But it still was pretty cool, especially for an 80s game.
What do you think about, like, reinventing franchises?
Such as Tron?
Sure.
I'm okay with it, I guess.
I don't know.
I think especially a series like Tron needed a sequel a long time ago.
It seems a little late.
But then when you look at a series like The Goonies, or there is no series there, right?
They don't need to make A Goonies 2.
Like if they made A Goonies 2, you know it's going to be stupid.
Or The Karate Kid?
No.
Just no.
Are you talking about the movie or the game?
Oh, the movie.
The game was amazing.
That's another classic game that we need to have sometimes, is Goonies 2.
That game was amazing.
Heck yes.
Oh my god.
I thought you did that as a classic game already.
I don't know if Dark Soccer has ever done it.
I'd have to check the wiki.
But I don't think it's ever been a classic game.
I'd have to check the wiki on your own show.
Yes.
Well look, I don't know.
Look, we've done the classic game of the week for like at least a year now.
So I don't know every single game we've highlighted.
There's a lot.
But thankfully we have a wiki and the fans update the wiki because they're awesome.
Did someone let Nathan run in the house really to go play Playstation 3?
Probably that jerkwad.
Hey Nathan, you're cool.
And not a jerkwad at all.
Anyhow.
It's a neutron game in development, probably to come out with a movie if they can find
somebody to do, you know, take the financial hit for all the development, I guess, in this
economy.
Disney does have their own studio.
Yeah, but it's been hurting.
Well yeah, because they put out Turok and I mean, come on.
I could have told you that Turok's gonna suck before they even put Turok out.
And they're like, seriously, really, you're gonna put Turok out?
Really?
This is something you think is a great idea?
The economy is going downhill, what game should we make?
Turok!
It's a great idea!
Amaze Satsuma in chat wonders if Sky wants a Showgirls 2.
You know there was supposed to be a Showgirls 2, where, cause at the end of Showgirls 1
it alludes to the fact that Nomi Malone is going to Hollywood, and Showgirls 2 was supposed
to be a parody on Hollywood, like the first one was a parody on Vegas, but then the movie
came out and they decided to can the sequel.
Never mind.
I would be in full support of a Showgirls 2, but not now, I mean Elizabeth Berkley's
not gonna do it, what's the point?
The point is, that we have all these wonderful porn studios that can develop a movie now,
I mean they're doing more theatrical movies, and hell, they have all the knockoffs, like
all the TV show ones, like Not the Bradys, Not the Munsters, Not Bewitched, I don't know
what the other ones are, but, I mean, not My Three Sons, I'm not sure about that one.
How come porn studios don't get into gaming?
You know you see all these legitimate movie studios getting into gaming.
There's porn actresses that are in the gaming, but you know, not, I don't know.
There's a lot of people that love World of Warcraft.
There are.
I don't know why, but there are.
I knew a stripper who played World of Warcraft, and all the nerds would like message her on
the message board, like, oh my god, did you do this?
There's a stripper that's over at our local strip club that plays World of Warcraft.
There's probably a stripper at every strip club that plays World of Warcraft, because
everybody plays World of Warcraft, I'm just saying, though, I don't know.
Plus think about it, if you're a stripper, you know, you're working nights, you're probably
home during the day with a kid, I'm kind of reminded, I don't know if you've ever seen
the Guild, but I'm kind of reminded of Carla from the Guild, who by the way is by far
my favorite character on that program.
But the stripper that's local that plays WoW, she's a nerd, like she's an Asian girl, and
her stage name's Kitana.
Yeah, that's the one.
Yeah, that's totally the one.
Freaking dork.
Wait a minute, do we just have a six degrees of stripper here in the studio?
Like we just found out that Loki and Rice Princess know the same stripper?
Do you know that stripper?
I don't know her, but I've seen her movies.
I don't like her at a large movie or anything.
Well, I know her that well, but I know her in the biblical sense.
No, you know, when we're really bored sometimes, you know, the wife and I decided to go to
the strip club.
She wants to go again, actually, she keeps saying that.
I want to go, I keep saying I want to go.
We need to have an OLR at this strip club night.
No, but seriously, I mean, when you're getting, you know, a lot of times when you're getting
like a lap dance and stuff, it's seriously the weirdest conversations, I mean, it's like
about games and shit.
You know, you mentioned that you do a game podcast and it's like, oh my God, I play games
too.
That's so funny.
Like, how does that even come up in conversation?
Is she like, so what do you do?
And you're like, well, actually, here's the thing is because, you know, to get into how
strip clubs operate, they have to wait until the new song begins because you have, when
you're paying for a lap dance is for X number of songs and you're not just going to start,
you know, if it's in the middle of a song.
So you have to sit there and wait for the new song and during that time it's you.
So what do you do?
You know, how's it going?
You know, that kind of stuff.
And that's where the games come up because that's all I do is games.
No, the time I got a lap dance, because I went to the strip club once and my friends
like, you were there, Irene, right?
Okay.
My friends made me say which stripper I thought was the hottest.
And naturally I said the one that looks like Buffy the Vampire Slayer, because there was
a stripper there looked just like Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
And she, you know, they, but they paid for a lap dance and it pretty much started right
away.
I guess the song was coming on or whatever.
Like, you know, she was rubbing her boobies in my face and the whole thing and it was
just very awkward for me, but whatever.
So finally it was over and she said, Oh, you just, you should just relax, honey.
She's like, you know, I hope you enjoyed it.
You know, you could tell her self esteem was probably hurt a little bit because I was so
nervous and I'm like, honey, it's nothing against you.
I'm just gay.
And she says, Oh, I could kind of tell.
And then she's just sitting there and she's talking to me and she's like, Oh, my roommate's
gay and I love him.
He's the best thing.
And so she's talking to me for like a whole nother song, but it was really awkward because
she, like, she had no clothes on except some, you know, a thong.
And it was, it was kind of strange, you know, I was just kind of like, just put a t-shirt
on or something, you know, an acidic vampire says, Rob loves the boobies.
Yes.
Especially when he's drunk.
Rob might be gay, but he loves all gay guys like boobies.
It's, I don't know what it is.
I guess everybody really likes boobies.
Who doesn't like boobies?
Women like boobies.
Yeah.
Women do.
But yeah, you were going to say something, Nathan?
I just want to point out though, some props in chat for the strip club with the wife,
because some folks are like, Game Guru says, wait, wait, wait, you go to the strip club
with your wife?
She loves going.
And somebody, it's not very often.
It's just like, it was a while ago.
Game Guru says your wife is the coolest.
No, we seriously, we seriously thought we were going to do this, but we were so fucking
tired from like the wedding day.
We were seriously going to go in our wedding garb to the strip club.
We were almost going to do it, but we were so exhausted.
Like during the wedding, we were like, dude, yeah, we should totally go afterwards, just
dressed up in the tux and everything.
Because that would be hilarious.
But we were just like so beat at the end of the day.
It's like, fuck that.
We're not going anywhere.
Nice.
Go sleep.
Or not fuck that.
Yeah, boobs are awesome.
Let's see, Rama says Skye, you're a hypocrite.
You have a problem with a woman in a bra and panties at a strip bar.
Hold up.
She had no bra on.
Okay.
Yeah.
Just panties.
I wouldn't even call it like panties.
When I, when you say panties, I think of like granny panties, you know, like regular panties,
not a thong.
She had like a thong on.
But she'll have you go to a R.A.
Rock, your picture show convention full of women in bra and panties.
Well, that's different.
That's why you're going there.
That's theater.
That's art.
It's art.
That's funny that you're laughing at that.
That's art.
But anyways, yes, there are a lot of people in all occupations that play World of Warcraft.
Even strippers.
It's not like, you know, oh, I strip therefore I cannot play games at all.
But yeah, porn stars, strippers.
There's a lot.
I mean, fuck.
Just read like IGN.
They do these stupid like babes of the day things and a lot of them that they put on
there have fucking, you know, game, you know, interests and stuff like that.
And you know, it's just all the more reason people think, oh my God, women, games, ooh,
got to.
Yeah.
Marissa is in chat again saying they make all sorts of terrible porn games.
Remember how I said earlier they need, why don't porn studios make games?
They make all sorts of terrible porn games, but they're usually multiplayer online.
I learned this by working in the porn capital of the world, Chatsworth, California.
Okay.
Two comments to that.
A, I should have figured that out because, you know, on porn websites, so I've heard,
you see a lot of times ads for those like multiplayer sex.
So you've heard.
Yeah.
I just heard through Loki.
Through your eyes.
That that's what you see on those sites.
And I guess you're right.
I just don't think of them because they're not really out there and about.
And B, I did not realize Chatsworth, California was the capital of porn industry, but it doesn't
surprise me.
But if you've ever been to Chatsworth, California, it's, it's, you know.
Is it better than Buttonwillow?
It's better than Buttonwillow.
It's I would say Fresno is probably better than Chatsworth.
And I like how we're only laughing because everybody else doesn't live in California.
No offense to the people there.
Wow.
Wink, wink, hint, hint.
My grandma's from there.
And her movie comes out next month.
Ew.
Ew.
Ew.
Gilf.
Gross.
And then Marissa also says, Rob can have some of my boob to play with, stress toys.
I have too much anyway.
Marissa does.
Marissa has some nice big boobies.
I would, I would definitely, you know, help relieve some stress.
Your own stress all day with her boobs.
All right.
Can we move on back into video games?
I don't know how we got on the whole topic of strippers from Tron.
Who cares?
Who cares?
Like, that was the last story we just did was Tron, I just want to point out.
And then suddenly it's about strippers playing World of Warcraft and boobies in Chatsworth,
California being the board capital of the world.
I definitely would pay good money to see a stripper that's glowing in the Tron outfit.
Absolutely.
Hey, that, you know, there's that guy on the internet, the Tron guy who wears that outfit.
No, no, no, not him.
But you'll imagine if a woman wore that outfit.
Is he hot?
I don't want to see a woman the size of the Tron guy wearing that outfit.
All right.
I can't process this much data.
Dark Knight in chat says, thank God Jamie's not here for this one.
You know, it probably would have derailed even if she was here because it's not the
fact that Jamie's not here.
It's the fact that Rice Princess is here.
Hey, I didn't bring up, wait, yes I did.
Yes you did.
La, la, la.
Let's move on.
Why do we have this whole six degrees of strippers thing going on here?
Or we just both live in the same town and both go to the same strip club.
Why am I not being invited to said strip club?
I haven't gone in like a year or two.
We need to fix this.
It's been a long time.
It's just because you go to the strip club and then afterwards you're like, that costs
me a lot of money for very little time.
Why the fuck did I do that?
And then you forget about it after a while.
You have guilty gear news, right Loki?
Yes, speaking of guilt for spending all that money in strip clubs.
Guilty Gear XX Accent Core Plus has been announced by Axis to be coming to the US.
They're planning on bringing it out on the PS2, the PSP, and the Wii.
You may remember Axis also brought out Guilty Gear XX Accent Core a little bit earlier.
I think it was last year actually.
And this new game was planned on, I guess, coming out spring 2009, probably the latter
half of the spring.
But it's not that different from Guilty Gear XX Accent Core, but Plus does feature some,
I guess, more characters and some different stuff that they tweaked.
Sorry, I was just showing Rice Princess a picture of Tron Guy.
Thank you chatters.
And then I almost vomited.
Oh, so Guilty Gear, yeah.
So it'll be coming out.
Too bad it's something new, Guilty Gear.
Or wait, that wasn't, it was something blue, I forget what they called it.
The new game, it's not Guilty Gear, but it's done by the same people.
It's all like HD, or not cel-shaded, but like hand drawn animation stuff.
No idea.
I don't know.
Alright, well let's move on to the mailbag.
It's the part of the show every week that you guys can send us an email and we'll read
it here on the show and respond to whatever's in it.
Or make fun of it.
One of the two will happen.
We invite your emails to be sent in to mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
Although we didn't have a whole lot this week, that's probably because our podcast feed was
behind a little bit.
But by the way, it is getting caught up, a new show just went out today, so go look for
it.
We do have at least one email to read and it's from Australia.
This is from Mike in Australia.
Mike in Australia says, hello to all in studio, Rob, Loki, Silent Nathan and Rice Princess.
Oh, he must be listening right now.
Wow.
Because he knew exactly who was on the show.
Well, hello.
I've had the opportunity to listen live two weeks in a row, which is a treat considering
during your half-time Puppy Bowl music break, it's coming up to 2 p.m., so generally I'm
at work.
Firstly, I want to ask your thoughts about some good platform games on the DS.
I don't have an Xbox 360 or PS3, so I'm stuck with the DS Lite, which is good enough at
the moment.
I've acquired Castlevania, Order of Eclatia, but haven't really gotten into yet, played
the first level or so.
I'm slowly playing through Yoshi Island DS, so if you can suggest anything similar, that
would be good.
Before I finish, I just want to say great show as always and really enjoy listening
to your shows.
Take care and hope to listen live again soon.
Mike, PS, this email is not sponsored by anyone, but for you guys to learn a new Australian
term, budgie, bud, budgie smugglers, I guess the email's brought to us by budgie smugglers.
Explanation from Urban Dictionary, Australian slang term for men's tight-fitting speedo-style
swimwear.
The lump in the front apparently resembles a budgie when it is stuck down the front of
someone's shorts.
That's a budgie.
That's what I want to know.
Is that like a Snuggie?
Oh, I bet it is.
That's like the Australian version of a grape.
I mean.
Alright.
Look, look, back to the question at hand.
How about some DS platform games?
You know, I haven't played a whole lot on DS as of late.
I just, I have this thing against playing games on DS for some reason.
I like playing games on the TV, but to help our poor guy out.
What are some games?
See, even when I'm playing the DS, I'm playing a lot of RPGs, like Final Fantasy IV or Mario
games.
Is this no good DS games?
No.
Well, platformers specifically.
Like things like Castlevania, Yoshi Island, what are some other good platform games?
New Super Mario Brothers is definitely like one of the classics if you don't have that
yet.
You gotta get that.
I'm gonna look to chat too for some hints.
Chat.
What are some good ones?
The new games that have come out.
Of course, there's the new Kirby game, Kirby Superstar Ultra, which is, you know, port.
And then there's, was it the Chase Phoenix meets Felicity.
That's supposed to be kind of like Kirby's Canada's Curse.
And then, other platformer games, I'm sure there's a lot of crappy games that have come
out that have been like platformers.
Wasn't N out on DS, didn't they release a version of N?
Yeah, that's kind of a neat little game.
That's coming out, or that's already out.
And then, you know, I don't know.
Game Guru in chat suggests Sonic Rush.
It's better than the console Sonics.
You would definitely also have to pick up the Chrono Trigger for the DS.
It's not a platform game, but it's way better than any of the games you've already mentioned.
Also a budgie is a bird.
Like a parakeet.
Oh, thank you.
Seriously?
I feel like I learn new things on this show every day.
The more you know.
There you go.
The more you know.
Alright.
There you have it.
Yay.
I don't know if any of you in the chat room do agree with Sonic Rush.
So there you go.
If you don't own that one yet, you should probably check out Sonic Rush.
Hitstun though suggests Tony Hawk's American Skateland.
It's kind of a platform game.
Sorta.
Yep.
Yep.
So there's some suggestions from us to you.
If you have an email you want to send us, mailbag at OrangeLawnsRadio.com, I'd like
to hear more international slang terms, like budgie smugglers.
That was definitely educational.
There you go.
What'd you say, Nathan?
Next time you put on a Speedo, look down and it will resemble a parakeet in your pants.
I don't think there's going to be a next time I'm going to put on a Speedo.
If I wear- On Naturale.
If I go swimming, I wear like, you know, swimming trunks, not, you know, in this country it's
not appropriate usually to wear Speedos to the beach unless you are really good looking
and I'm not really good looking, sadly, so there you go.
People do it anyway.
That's true.
The Tron guy wears that whole thing in public, so whatever.
Let's go on.
Let's move on with some more gaming news.
We'll get to the Skype line soon also, by the way, you guys, Skype line opening up a
little later.
Well, here's a game if you're a fan of the Jump Superstars games that they have on the
DS.
There's a new Konami PSP brawler coming out and no word on, let's see here, what the title
is on it, but it's got- Oh, Sunday X Magazine is the- I guess it's just all the different
manga characters, but they've got, you know, Sunday X Magazine Tyson Action and it's got
everything from, you know, Samurai Deeper Kyo to Get Backers, Air Gear, what is it,
so it's basically all the stuff that's like, you know, from Shonen Sunday Weekly Shonen,
so the Shonen Jump games, so very awesome.
Project Arms, Inuyasha, I don't know, actually, you know, Jump Ultimate Stars was okay.
It was a neat fighting game on the DS, it was kind of like Smash Brothers a little bit,
but the way that you use, like, they had a bottom portion of your screen that you can
align different manga panels and you'd get different abilities and assist characters
and stuff like that based on what you had in there and you had to fit them in, so it's
almost like the sticker system on Smash Brothers Brawl, so it's kind of neat.
I see.
Boy, these Smash Brothers Brawl clones are sure getting popular lately.
I remember you brought up the one about the Ninja Turtles last week and that was like
confirmed on Monday.
Well, yeah, some of the people did Brawl, or not Brawl, Smash Brothers, so it's part
of the same team, so it's going to be very similar to that, but this game, yeah, it looks
pretty fun and we need good, you know, PSP games.
Alright, more PSP the merrier, I suppose.
Sega is going to be trying to make a new arcade game, which sounds kind of interesting.
It's called Border Break, Sega Network Robot Wars, and it's a networked robot wars, of
course.
Arcade game that's being made by Sega, apparently it's going to be shown at the next AOU show
that's coming up in Japan, 20 players in this game, 10 on 10 robot battles, so this is like
the kind of thing that is going to be very expensive, you're going to see in the corner
of a Dave and Busters or something like that, I don't think this is something you're going
to see very much of, this is like an entertainment setter, 20 mech things, that's a lot.
That's crazy.
That's awesome.
I know, I want to play it.
It's awesome, but I don't think you'll ever see one on these shores.
Just arcades aren't popular enough over here, maybe a Dave and Busters would be like your
biggest bet.
Well, you may not have to have 20 cabinets, but I mean, it still could be, you know, cool.
Yeah, it might be cool, but I don't know if you're going to see it, that's all.
It's probably going to be expensive.
I don't think there's enough arcade stuff to justify it, sadly.
So, we'll see, we'll see, but anyway, it is in development.
There's another unique game, which I'm not really sure what arcades are going to be carrying
this because it has a lot of parts that go along with it, but it's a game that's come
out, or coming out in Japan, called Block Pippo.
And what it is, it's a game that's controlled with Lego-style blocks, and you actually build
up platforms and stuff using these blocks, and there's like a giant bin below the screen
with these blocks in there, and you build platforms for the characters to run on, kind
of like Lemmings, almost, by the look of it.
It actually is being tested for the U.S. as well, under the name Brick People, but it's
very unique looking, and it's got a lot of, you know, the block things that are going
to be in this bin, and I just have a feeling, you put that in an arcade, kids are going
to be stealing that shit left and right, but it's neat.
Why can't kids just be more responsible?
That's a good one.
Yeah, Lioshin agrees, those blocks will get stolen so fast if it was in the U.S., they'd
have to be all put on those cords.
That would be a mess.
You're like, crap, I can't put these blocks in there because of all these cords.
Shit, I got stuck and tangled in these cords.
That's the game.
Help!
Interesting games spotted around the gaming blogs this week, Go Nintendo featured this,
a Wii homebrew game called Super Sonic Wii, but what's interesting about this game, I'm
actually going to try to play the YouTube footage here in studio, a little clip of what
the game looks like here, if it'll actually play, looks like it's timing out, but I looked
at it a little bit before the show, it's a game that looks just like frequency or amplitude.
It's actually amplitude, it's based off of the game Amplitude DS, which was a spin off
of Amplitude, but now they have it for the Wii, and it looks pretty awesome.
If you go to the actual website for the game, which I believe Super Sonic Wii.com or Super
Sonic.com.
There we go, there's a little clip of it.
It's definitely a scaled down, all you can hear is the audio, but I'll tell you, it looks
like a very scaled down version of Amplitude, because you don't really have the hypnotic
backgrounds that a game like Amplitude had, it looks like you only have three tracks,
but still, it's a start, it's something, it's bound to get sued, especially if that rumor
from a few weeks back that harmonics might be making a comeback with this stuff is true.
There it is, Super Sonic Wii.
Well, you can download it now, it's available out there, so if you wanna check it out, you've
got a homebrew enabled Wii system, definitely check this out, and of course if you have
a homebrew enabled DS, you can check out Amplitude DS.
Of course, homebrewing any of those systems might violate your warranty, so be careful,
and don't say OLR told you to do it.
You don't need that crap, seriously.
But there's something else that's gonna be coming out here soon, it's a new Wii game,
it's called Glacier 2, they're comparing it to Twisted Metal, except you drive down mountains,
I would say it's more like full auto, but you drive down mountains, because I mean that
was more like this game, I think, it's basically a combat racing game, and it'll have 18 different
levels, it'll feature 7 different cars, all with giant guns and weapons on them, like
any other car should have, and this is a brand new game from a company called Team 6 Studios,
and this is their first Wii game.
I don't know, looks okay, but hey, we need a good combat racing game, and since they're
not making another full auto game, this will have to do, I guess.
Actually, no, I take that back, there was another combat racing game on the Wii, it's
called DT Racer, or DT Carnage, I think, what it was, and that's a combat racing game similar
to full auto, not very good though, from what I remember, but you can try that out, it's
probably like dirt cheap now.
Well, some other games that got really cheap lately were the Need for Speed games, because
apparently they did not sell very well, the recent games they released, so EA decided
if it worked for Batman, it's going to work for us, they're going to reboot the franchise,
so they're hitting the old reset button on the Need for Speed franchise, and they're
going to release 3 new Need for Speed games in the year 2009.
What's interesting though is that the whole concept behind it, one for the core gamers,
one for the casual gamers, one for the online gamers, I think it's an interesting approach
to take with the games.
Need for Speed Shift is the game that's coming out on Playstation 3, 360, PC, and PSP, and
that's the core game, that's like Project Gotham, coming out in the fall as well, Need
for Speed Nitro, that's coming out on the DS and the Wii, which you can probably guess
is going to be the casual game, I think that's more like the original Need for Speed games,
it's also supposed to have giant head racers and car vaulting, lame, wait, car vaulting?
God, I hope this is not another fucking game, wait, wait, wait, that might just be like
a vault to actually put your car in, no, that's car vaulting, aww, stupid, no, why, wouldn't
you like that?
Well, I do like that, but you know, the fact that, car vaulting reminds me of the stupid
Cruisin game that they had come out, and that Cruisin game was a ripoff, or actually a port,
was it not Need for Speed, the Fast and the Furious arcade game, the crappy Cruisin USA
based one, Cruisin World, I don't know, no, no, the Fast and the Furious game that came
to arcades, not good, I didn't even know they had a Fast and the Furious game in the arcade,
yeah, it's not good, it's based off Cruisin USA, I think it was kind of to try and compete
with, like, you know how when you go to an arcade, one of the things you still see tons
of people playing are what, Wangan, and uh, this is not even close, that's like saying
that a turd is competing with a diamond or something, Tigerclaw says, you mean Fast and
the Furious Tokyo Drift arcade, I seen that at Walmart, yeah, it's awful, that's where
it belongs to, yeah, that's what Cruisin came out, that's actually what Cruisin was, alright,
also a third game in the Need for Speed series, not for the Wii, if the other two don't sound
interesting to you, Need for Speed World Online, it's supposed to be a free online title, it's
coming out in Asia first over the summer and then we'll get it in Christmas time, so I'm
assuming you probably have to pay for car upgrades or something, you know, probably
based off the Asian model for MMOs where it's free, but then you have to pay for the good
stuff, so, it's free, but your cars have no wheels, pay extra for the wheels, it's like
go, oh crap, can't go, by the way, the games are all being developed by different studios,
even though Black Box apparently kind of got, you know, kind of, well, pink slipped, a lot
of them did, Black Box is still working on Need for Speed World Online, at least who's
left with EA Singapore, Need for Speed Nitro, the casual one is by EA Montreal, it's arcade
racer is what they're calling it, Need for Speed Shift coming by Slightly Mad, they're
the guys that made GT Legends and Blimey apparently is on it too, GT-R2, Blimey! Wow. There you
go, lots of Need for Speed in 2009, yeah, if you're a Need for Speed fan, that is exciting
news, DarkTetsuya in chat I believe is a Need for Speed fan and says, it's supposed to be
a fourth one, yeah, there's a fourth secret one, but, I don't know, hopefully that's the
good one, Need for Secrets, and you can only play it if you find it, cause they're gonna
hide it. Alright, and then of course we have to talk about the game that has download content
coming out the wazoo, Burnout Paradise, they're actually, there's a new rumored download that's
gonna be available, actually I wouldn't say it's so much a rumor cause it's actually on
their download store, but apparently it wasn't announced yet, so, oops, but it's a Burnout
Paradise Police Cars, and they've got, you know, the actual link for it, but it says
coming soon on the actual in-game store, and they do have some screenshots, I guess, I
don't know if it's preview pics or something like that, of the PCPD cars, so maybe new
game modes, some sort of chasing stuff, I don't know, Burnout Paradise is getting fucking
awesome, and now meaning you can get the game for like 20 bucks, all the debt-free download
content and all the paid download content is coming out. Much love to those folks for
just continuing to support a game that might have gotten bashed as mediocre when it came
out, but they still just expanding and expanding on it and making it pretty awesome, so, good
for you guys. We'll see, any time frame on when that could come out? No word, but I mean
a lot of the stuff that they're talking about, like there's the Burnout Paradise, the new
cars, I think that's coming out this week, I mean probably later on, maybe this month,
possibly next, probably relatively soon. Alright, one more story for you guys tonight, then
we're gonna open up the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR, our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio,
I don't know how busy it's gonna be tonight with a lot of our regulars catching the Super
Bowl tonight, and I guess even though it's over, maybe the office or whatever they're
showing right now, you know, maybe a little drunk from all the beer at the Super Bowl
parties, who knows, but we will open up the Skype line soon. One more story tonight and
it involves a company we talk about a lot on this show, PopCap. PopCap is finally bringing
some of their games to the PlayStation Network, it actually happened this week, Bejeweled
2 finally showed up on the PlayStation Network, and there also are plans to release Zuma,
Heavy Weapon, Feeding Frenzy, and Pagle. I know Pagle's pretty awesome. Pagle hasn't
even showed up on Xbox Live yet, so I'm curious if it'll beat it to the punch on PlayStation
3, I kinda doubt it, they'll probably be released simultaneously, but there you go, $9.99 if
you wanna check out Bejeweled 2, that's one penny less than what you'll pay on Xbox Live.
I go where the bargain is. That's right. So there you have it, I don't think the game
itself is much different, I think it's all the same modes from the Xbox 360 one, I don't
know if the achievements are as hard, or excuse me, trophies, or what have you, but, there
you go. Man, I love that game. What, Bejeweled? Pagle. Oh, Pagle. Pagle's pretty awesome.
Pagle is pretty awesome. It is, I wanna play it now. So, well, you might get to play it
on PlayStation Network soon, or Xbox 360, because I know you're a big 360 fan. Alright,
so we're gonna go ahead and open up the Skype line now, 1-877-GAME-OLR, toll free in the
US and Canada, or you can call us on Skype, our username is OrangeLoungeRadio, while we
wait for some calls to come in, because we do have a little bit of a delay between when
I say, hey, call in, and when people actually hear me say that on the radio. Loki, do we
have any last minute stories tonight? Yeah, speaking of football, apparently there's that
whole deal where the retired NFL players were not getting any money from the new NFL games,
and their likenesses were being used without, you know, any sort of compensation. Well,
they have now finished that whole lawsuit, and they are going to be getting paid out
on it. So, that's pretty cool. In the tune of $28.1 million by the NFL. Only, let's go
to the Skype line. Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this? Hi, this is Spazinator. Hey, Spazinator,
what's on your mind? Well, two things. First off, I just want to double check and make
sure I heard you correctly in part A. Did you see that if you had the collector's edition
of Gears of War 2, you're going to lose your golden lancer? No, only if you were one of
the people that downloaded it while, I guess, it accidentally went up on the marketplace
for free and so a bunch of people downloaded it, they want to restrict it so that only
the people with the collector's edition actually have it. So, I don't know how they're going
to figure that out. They're not going to. It's not going to happen. You don't think
they'll actually be able to figure out? No, they're not going to figure it out. Loki's
convinced they're not going to be able to figure it out, but if you legitimately have
the gold gun from the collector's edition, you're not who they're trying to remove
it from. I kind of agree about that. Because by one of the people that had bought the collector's
edition, I just hate to get my, you know, lose my feed me, you know?
Wait, hold on. I'm not much of a Gears player. What is so special about the gold gun or is
it just that
it's pretty? It's just a gold gun.
It's just bragging rights more than anything.
You know, something to say, hey, I got the special edition.
You know, it's kind of like the Iron Rich
application for the iPhone. I don't know. I kind of thought maybe it fired gold bullets or
something. Alright, what was your second question?
Well, it's not so much a question, it's
more like a stupid statement.
Well, we make a lot of those on this show, so go right ahead. Yeah,
I was just thinking, with all the talk about strippers in movies
during part A, I doubt
it'll ever happen, but someone should make a game for Xbox 360 and
PlayStation 3 where, you know, you go to a strip club and
you know, you have boobies splashing in your face.
Kind of like, I don't know, like Show of Girls type of game.
That would be called This is Vegas coming out from Midway later this year.
Awesome. What about that Playboy game?
The Playboy Mansion? Yeah, that was actually supposed to be pretty good.
It was popular. You know, the problem is a lot of these games, you know, while you might see
some boobs here and there, you're never gonna see anything pretty much
more hardcore than that on the PlayStation 3 and the Xbox 360 because
of the whole standards thing, where if you have,
you know, if your game gets rated adults only, your game can't come out on any of
the consoles. The consoles like basically forbid it
because there's too many people out there who don't understand
there's a developer who makes for the publisher who puts out on the system,
you know, people think, oh, Nintendo Wii has got this disgusting,
you know, vagina-eating game that's out on the system,
you know. When is that getting released? It's not,
because it's rated adults only, so it's not like it used to be back in the day
where, you know, remember that Nintendo
seal of quality, you know, remember how those
other companies would put out their own games without going through Nintendo and
it was kind of like a whole bootleg thing. They can't really do that now, so
sadly, I don't think you're ever gonna see real hardcore games get released, but
you would wish one of them would just let up.
Or you can just look at porn on the internet.
There was that one game, there was some
breast game that was, it was almost like DDR that had these little like circles come up
with like
arrows and stuff, and there are different moves you had to do, and basically you had to
shake this chest
and make the boobs either spin counterclockwise or clockwise or up and
down, left or right.
It was awesome. I don't know, porn on the internet's great, but I can see a
lot of potential for the new
Wiimote technology in a porno game.
Exactly. Especially if the vagina eating game was either pigs in a trough type
eating or knife and fork.
Frisbee has a great name in chat for the game, Muff Chomp.
Wow. You know, since you kind of touched on it
for a second, you know,
this is just me, you know, speaking up on yes here, but
what I'm thinking is that, you know,
game console owners should be
afraid of 8-year-old games, you know, I mean,
you know, if it means light, there should be no problems with it,
you know, it's kind of like, the best analogy I can give you is with
Amrita games, you know, there's two out there that are like completely opposite,
there's the Grand Theft Auto series and
the BMX triple X. Obviously,
you know, Grand Theft Auto games are really great,
you know, my few niece here is out there,
whereas, you know, BMX triple X
is just a full piece of crap. I gotta get BMX triple X again, I love that game.
Actually, I think my sister has it because I had it for the GameCube.
That game is awesome. Loki really has like the best family ever, doesn't he?
Like the wife goes to the GameCube, the sister plays BMX triple X.
It was a funny game, it's seriously, it's Tony, it's not Tony Hawk, it's like Matt
Hoffman's Pro BMX,
but with like nudity and stuff, and just ridiculous plotline, but it's basically
like the old school Tony Hawk game. You know what, though, Spassinator makes kind of a
good point, though, is that, you know, we have,
especially we have this whole dual thing in this country which stinks,
this whole double standard where,
you know, you could chop people in half and chop their heads off and have a
completely violent game and it's just not,
it's R or it's M rated, but heaven forbid you show a cooter or a penis
and it's gonna be an NC-17 or AO related thing,
but he makes a good point that, you know, a lot of the sex games that we've had that
come out, like the guy game,
BMX triple X, they've all been kind of crap, you know?
What we need is a good artistic
pussy eating game
to come out, and we just need it to have, you know,
a little bit of art. It'll be like Master Pussy Theater.
Master Pussy Theater, exactly.
Yeah, if you want to really kick it over the edge there,
you know, throw all that stuff in there, then just,
you know, have like a side mission where you blow up a certain
ex-flory lawyer.
I'm sorry, but Master Pussy Theater needs to be in the OLR dream games, I think,
just for the simple fact that it is that artistic
sex game that's gonna bring respectability to
sex games. I'm afraid of the fetish achievements for those games on the
Xbox 360.
Alright, Spazinator, we have to let you go. You've completely made this show
disgusting tonight.
How dare you? You're welcome. Alright, take care Spazinator.
Bye.
AcidicVampire wants to remind us there's boobies in God of War in a sex minigame.
There is. Hi, you're on Booby Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Oh, Booby Lounge Radio! How exciting!
Whoa! Hi guys, it's Jason. Hi Jason, how are you? What's on your mind?
Well, now that you mention it, I don't know that I want to explain on air
what's on my mind.
What did you call in to discuss tonight with the Orange Lounge Radio host
on this family program? As long as Rush Limbaugh and Bill O'Reilly
are alive and spewing their shit, your dreams will never come true, I'm sorry to say.
No, that's not why I called in, but it was very funny. It was a very
funny anecdote to add into everything that just happened. I'm hoping somebody can answer me
because
obviously I heard this just recently and it's the stupidest thing I've ever heard.
Why does Gears of War need SSL and why does it stop the game from working?
The whole Gears of War broken blah blah blah. Does anybody know the technical
reason behind that?
It's because the certificate expired.
What is the certificate actually used for?
Nothing. And it blocks the game in its entirety?
Yeah, sure. I don't know. I don't play Gears of War on PC
and it's such an easy fix to set my date back, I'm like, eh, whatever.
Is it some type of thing to prevent cheating or the connection to
multiplayer mode is secure or what?
Maybe the authenticate that it's a legit copy of the game, I don't know.
It's gotta be something like that, like authenticating the legitimacy of the game or
something like that. I don't know. I don't think it has a direct impact on the
game itself,
Jason, or I think the 360 ones would have stopped working too. I think it has
specifically to do with
some type of authentication thing on the PC. Yeah, that's kind of what I was thinking.
Some kind of a phone home connection, something or other, and that's just,
that's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard. I mean, we've heard of some really
stupid DRM, but
for crying out loud people,
it's laughable. You put the situation where you have to,
you have to have a patch. One of two things has to happen. You either have to
buy
a ridiculously expensive certificate for,
I don't know, 10 years and then you piss off all the nostalgia players.
Or you have to issue a patch every single
year with a new certificate. Well, I think this is going to be a tough lesson learned because this is a
pretty big fuck up to have your game completely stopped working. It's a bad setup. They need to get rid of that
entirely. That is a bad
mechanism. Okay, enough computer geekery.
You guys mentioned that and I just kind of...
They've been having trouble with this sort of thing way back from Monkey Island. They have yet
to get this right. If you remember way back on the really old DOS games, you used to
buy a game and it'd come with a little booklet
and at certain times you'd have to refer to page 193 line B65
or you'd have some awful
little card you have to match up with the moon on
the solstice of winter just to prove that you did in fact buy the game.
And if you lose it, you're fucked! Some of those things weren't so bad and with the
internet
I've had a lot of things be subtly replaced.
Anyways, Space Quest,
the Space Quest series came with a
brochure of sorts to explain about the game and it had
in the case of Space Quest V, which was one of my favorite ones,
it had like a star chart with constellation codes or
something like that and you had to use those codes to actually
warp to different locales in the game as the story tells you to go there.
And that was their DRM and it was good, it was cute.
Jason, what I didn't like about that whole thing is that then console games started
doing it
and like, you know, if I didn't have that letter from home to dip in the water to
see the secret code...
I didn't have that letter
because I bought my game used and I had to call their helpline and I'm like,
uh, they'll dip the letter in the water and I'm like, what letter?
No, the one in the manual. I don't have the manual.
Okay, the code's 747. Well, it wasn't that hard.
Couldn't you just tell me that the first thing or do you like not get your 99 cents a
minute if I, you know,
give it away that fast? People will say that DRM is a necessary
evil, I'll tell that person you're full of shit. By the way, yeah.
It's self-serving and it only serves to
fuck people over. Hold on, Nathan wanted to say something about Space Quest V.
Did you also enjoy blowing up an android with a banana?
A space banana? That was, um,
when I was a lot younger, the BBS's were around, but that was the extent of my
online life.
I love Space Quest IV. That was as far as I could get. I never got to the R&R world.
So I, as many times as I played the game, I always
oh, I don't even remember what that planet is called anymore. I always got that far and then that was the end of it.
And that was the whole game for me for about five years of my life.
I was more of a King's Quest player and I wish to God those games would come out on
like Xbox Live Arcade, although they're on like GameTap and stuff, so you know.
You're entirely wrong in your preference, but you know what, a lot of people were.
Hey, King's Quest has that rabid fandom. I remember
about a year or two ago on this show we had those guys- Silver lining?
Yeah, the Silver Lining, which was originally like a King's Quest-inspired thing and
then they were allowed to put it out if they ditched the King's Quest thing and
you know, that whole mess that was going on there.
I can't say anything bad about King's Quest. The Sierra Adventure games in general were really
impressive. I just
Hell yeah. I never had one. I never played one. Space Quest wasn't my series. Something sadly lacking in gaming
today unless it says Telltale Games on it.
They're the only ones doing anything, you know? Anyhow.
Anything else, Jason, you wanna talk about tonight before we get some other calls? Do you guys
really think that Bioshock really needs multiplayer?
No. I personally don't think it needs multiplayer. I think the first one was
good enough as it is.
But I can see why they want to put it in the second one
to definitely make it not feel like more of the same. Because you know,
I think otherwise some people might start to say, well, it's more of the same.
You know, it's another sci-fi. You know, no matter what the story is or what they do
with it, there's gonna be people out there that say
it's more of the same. But if they throw this multiplayer curve at it,
people are gonna be like, oh my gosh, it's like the must-have game of
da-da-da. You know, it almost makes me think they left it out. It makes it just like every other
first-person shooter with a different weapon set.
I mean, the one thing as much crap as I gave Bioshock because the
ending,
the last hour and a half or so of it just absolutely pissed me off. It was so
boring and then it ended with the easiest boss battle I think I've ever seen in a game.
Bioshock, what made
the best thing about Bioshock was the story.
It was interesting. It was scientific fantasy,
sci-fi. It was a
good story. Being able to find the story and if you actually sat down and
paid attention to it.
I mean, you know, I'm not an ADD gamer so maybe I have a little bit of a
different look on the game than some other people.
But the story made that game incredible
until the end. But that was the best part about it and
you lose all that in multiplayer. It's more... I really shouldn't say this, but it's more
humdrum.
It doesn't necessarily mean though, Jason, that the focus is gonna be on multiplayer.
They might still have a very solid single-player mode in it and the
multiplayer might just be an afterthought type thing.
That's very true. I just did.
A lot of... when you guys mentioned it and I went article surfing, it was just like
they're finally getting multiplayer. Oh my god!
Well, because there's a whole audience out there that does play first-person
shooters to
do the multiplayer and, you know, it was missing for them in the first Bioshock.
Maybe they don't see the same thing in it. I can't talk it. It's just kind of... it
seems overbearing in the pre... in everybody's view.
We'll see. Alright, Jason, we gotta let you go so we can get some more calls. But you have a
good one.
Thanks, buddy. Fine. Jeez, come on. Sorry.
We try to keep it to five minutes and you're on eight. Alright.
See you, buddy. Bye. Bye. If you want to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR. Our username on Skype is
OrangeLoungeRadio.
SSJ100Matt says, apparently not having multiplayer in a game hurts a game.
Sorry if Legend of Zelda doesn't have multiplayer. Hey, but there was that
Four Swords game.
That was kind of awesome. Remember that? On the GameCube? Yeah. I like that game.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this? It's GS68.
Hi, GS68. What's on your mind? Um, so I found out I'm playing DD Max Fever.
Oh, the new one in the US? The one that just came out?
Yeah, the American one. And I know you're a big...
It's a good game on its own. I mean, I know you're a pretty good pick from Portable 1 and 2, but
as far as, like, buying it if you've already into the series, I can't really recommend it.
I mean, you might as well just get Portable 1 and 2 and get the full silence from both games.
Yeah, I'm kind of interested in your review here, because I know you're a big
DJ Max fan, so it's kind of interesting to hear you kind of give this a negative
review, but what if,
what if I'm somebody, you know, because I am somebody, personally, who's not really
played a lot of the DJ Max game? I mean, I have a friend that's obsessed with it, too,
so I've, like, seen it. I've seen a couple of videos. I've not really sat down and
spent any quality time with the game.
Let's say I'm a person who's never really seen or heard of DJ Max before. Is this a
good introduction game?
Um, I can't really say yet. I don't play it much, but it's pretty decent, but there's,
one thing that's biting me about this game, and it's the whole author-correct feature.
What is this feature?
Basically, if you press the wrong button for a note, but at the right time, the phone is
on the same side of the screen as the note is, you still get 100%, the full percentage
for it, and you still get some points for it. And I'm on a game site as DJ Max Zero
Board, and I'm seeing newbies saying, oh, so I can just press any button to play the
game? So what's the point of the notes and such, and this, I think, is a bad idea.
That is kind of strange.
Yeah, because then you can just go like do-do-do-do.
I don't really dubs it down. Yeah. You can't turn that off?
Press two buttons, I think.
This seems a little silly.
I can't. I mean, yeah, you get 80% of the points, but you still get full credit as far
credit as far as your percentage goes which means
you can start pressing the wrong notes at
all the time and still get one hundred percent
percentage at the end of the song. Well now this begs the question who the hell did
they make this game for then because you know i would think oh this is kind of
like you know a little reward for the people that have supported DJ Max in this
country you know they're going to finally release it in the US but if most
people that are interested in this game are people that have already imported
the other copies then what the hell's the point
because they didn't really put anything in this game to really woo a new audience to it
you know and if they did it's the most casual of casual players who just want to slam any
button they can to get a high score
well they had to uh... the people that imported them
you know they were real fans but this is one that they actually sent out to the
stupid american pig dogs
well it's not as bad as say butt and groovy
i mean
it is pretty good for a relief on its own but when you compare it to the other
releases
it feels kind of outdated
and
this one worked the exclusive songs and they're not that good
well that's unfortunate i guess uh... who knows maybe maybe if it sells okay
they'll do another one maybe not
i guess a few licenses would have hurt i mean hey they did positive edition which
is a licensed game
what's that
i mean
yet i don't think that you have any if you like and that's one of her big area
in
the report on the tradition is
license
that's true i was saying the last thing on the show just needed a little bit of
americanization to help it penetrate the market even though it might have pissed
some of the hardcore fans off
it would have in the long run benefit of the game is always sold more copies but
no
well anything else in your mind gs sixty eight
uh...
not much really yes i got popping music thirteen but and
and uh... yeah
i'll do the status but
maximum two and three dx came out but
i don't want to talk about it because no one cares about it it's not that great
it is a new course and
has twenty more stages and
kind of that's about it basically
alright well if fans of the series then should keep an eye out for that for more
stages all that good stuff alright gs sixty eight have a good one buddy
i did too
our little resident uh... d j max fan colin into uh... give us the update on
what's going on there
i think we're gonna go ahead and close up the skype line for now so sorry to
those didn't get through tonight uh... but we will always open it up again next
week to take more of your phone calls
i think we're gonna go around and uh... start to wrap up the show i know it's
been kind of a quick show tonight but you know there was a whole lot in the
gaming news and of course with the super bowl and everything else going on
at least you got stripper talk if nothing else tonight so it was it was a
good show i had quality show did you have fun rice princess
i had a great time well thank you so much for being here do you have any
final thoughts for our listeners tonight
resident evil five resident evil five oh i i should go to loki though first and ask if there's any last minute stories or he'll yell at me
i'm not gonna yell at you i don't really care
let's see here
i was gonna say uh... there's a couple things real quick
if you have a launched a three sixty it's no longer under warranty
as of uh... february second
uh... your three sixty if it gets three rings of death
you're screwed
and you gotta pay ninety nine dollars get the unit fixed
or
just buy a new one
or you just you know pay someone else to fix it for you
for probably less
if you uh... pay the ninety nine dollars to get it fixed is it uh... a new warranty
or do you have to pay ninety nine dollars if it breaks the next day i
think it's a one-year warranty
if mine red rings of deaths again
although i didn't get mine i mean i would still be covered i think for a
couple more months
i'm not sure actually
how long was the warranty three years three years
from purchase date i think mine's up in february you can well you can look on
the back of your three six you'll say when it was manufactured and then some
you know three years after that because i mean i've got
quite a few systems so
luckily i think all mine have crapped out the ones that were going to crap out
i have one left that's of my original and i have my other one that i fixed
so the one that fixed is actually still working very well
uh... and then i have one more that like i said that hasn't been replaced yet but
all the other ones have so
you know four out of six is not a good uh...
good ratio no
anything else last minute stories tonight
all right then silent nathan thank you for being here and being so quiet do you
have any final thoughts for our listeners tonight
you're gonna want to stick with lanolin and uh... not that aloe vera bullshit
okay
uh... my final thought for tonight is uh... vitamin water is awesome
loki do you have any final thoughts tonight
uh...
my head hurts
i'm sorry loki
hope it feels better
uh... anyhow
thank you guys so much for tuning into and uh... supporting orange lounge radio
you guys are awesome we really appreciate it every week you guys uh...
listen or show
hey if you like what you hear here on since you know we don't have you know
commercials as of yet or anything it's all free and stuff it's really word of
mouth that helps spread the word about our show so please tell two people you
know about orange laundry and it really helps us spread the word
uh...
or leave us a nice review on a place like itunes or something like that
so until then
have a great week
we'll see you next week dark soccer will be back next week got plenty more game
news
street fighter four will almost be out
it'll be a new month actually no it's already a new month it's february first
where have i been hello but it'll be more good times one way or another here
on orange lounge radio
you've been listening to orange lounge radio
orange lounge radio is an orange lounge production
to join us for a live show visit www.allgames.com
sunday nights at six p m pacific time
the views and opinions expressed on orange lounge radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of orange lounge radio or allgames.com
but we're probably right anyway
see you next week
