Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, Dark Sakura, Sky, and Loco.
Tonight, February 8th, 2009, will Netflix on the 360 get a premium upgrade,
Time Crisis debuts on the iPhone,
and is President Obama a new character in Street Fighter?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that show dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
Here I am, Rob Roberts, with you every week, and also joining us, say hello to the one and only,
Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Back from her gray, wait, we didn't hear you, is the mic on?
It is now! Alright, there we go, back from the dead to join us here on Orange Lounge Radio
because she's been out a couple weeks. It was gray, very gray.
Oh yeah, you went to Prosser, Washington, Party Central America, how was that?
I went roller skating.
People did roller skating to be cool like 20 years ago.
I love roller skating, but I found out something very depressing, Rob.
What's that? Since I had, the last time I went roller skating was four years ago,
I went with Jessica, of all people.
Oddly enough, having two car accidents where your hip gets injured means it's really hard to roller skate.
Especially when you're going one way and you're having to balance with your right leg and it hurts and ow.
Ow. So yeah, I murdered myself.
But I played lots of stuff.
We'll talk about that in just a minute, but I have to introduce everybody else who's here.
Say hello to the one and only, Tech Master, Loki.
Hi. Hi, how are you doing, Loki?
I'm doing fine.
Yeah? Fine?
Well, I was in Oakland all day, so you can't really recover from it.
And you didn't get shot?
I didn't get shot.
Congratulations.
Alright, we are very excited tonight here because if we sound giddy, it's because finally after like six weeks of being gone,
we're finally back on Justin TV.
So hi to everybody who's watching us there on Justin TV.
Justin TV slash Orange Lounge Radio.
Though again, I don't know why people want to watch us doing a radio show, but people seem to want to do it.
But the reason why I'm giddy is because the audio now works.
And let me explain how this works real quick.
The audio now works that they hear us through the mics.
So the sound quality on Justin TV during the show is a lot, lot better.
But I want to point this out.
They're not going to hear the music or anything else.
They're not going to hear background music when we're doing segments like Jamie's segment.
They're not going to hear all that stuff because the way it's hooked up, only the mics feed into Justin TV.
So if you want to hear everything, you still probably want to watch Justin TV but actually listen through All Games Radio at www.allgames.com
where we tape every Sunday night right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at 6 o'clock Pacific time.
Let's introduce other people we have in the studio tonight.
We have some very special guests tonight.
I'm going to start with this guy behind me here who has not been to the show before.
But he's someone I've kind of gotten to know a little bit recently and had listened to a few episodes of the show.
And I was like, well, why don't you come be on the show?
So say hello to other Matt.
Matt number two.
Matt two, yes. How are you, Matt two?
I'm good. How are you, Rob?
I'm pretty good. Thanks for asking.
That's good to know.
So you've actually listened to a couple episodes of the show.
I have. I'm not an OLR virgin.
And you weren't freaked out.
No, not too badly.
We first met when somebody brought you over to my New Year's party.
So we kind of like were talking and found out we had some things in common and so on.
But you actually went away and listened to the show and weren't scared off.
You still are talking to me, which is awesome.
The next day I went to iTunes and I downloaded a recent podcast.
So within 24 hours I was already listening.
Very cool. Well, sucker.
Really quickly, what kind of games do you like?
Since you've never been on the show before, we usually like to ask new people.
What kind of video games do you play, if any?
I play a few. Mainly PC gaming for right now.
I do have an Xbox 360.
But I mainly do the PC gaming.
Everything from first person shooter to MMORPGs and everything else in between.
Puzzle games, Prince of Persia, things like that.
Lately it's been WoW and Rock Band 2 have been dominating my time.
Nothing wrong with that.
Nothing wrong with that at all.
WoW was dominating my time for a little while too.
Yes.
Yes, but then I quit.
But then we have Rock Band 2 I play a lot of as well.
I have a question for you.
Okay.
Do you like old PC games?
What do you mean old?
Are you a fan of Loom?
Never played Loom, but I go back as far as my online gaming experience goes back to X-Wing vs. TIE Fighter,
X-Wing Alliance, and organizing online gaming clans, if you will, with IRC chat
and organizing that on the old school MSN Gaming Zone, if anyone remembers that.
Do you ever do MUDs?
Do which?
Do MUDs?
I don't remember MUDs.
Old RPG stuff.
Old, old school.
Yeah.
Back in the day, so.
Yeah.
Descent, Descent was one of the first 3D games.
I remember Descent and having it over 14 floppies.
That's right.
And Doom 2 had 6 floppy 3.5 inch diskettes.
Heck yeah.
I still remember all my cheat codes too.
Alright nerds, we gotta introduce somebody else who's here tonight.
Let's say, this is somebody you always hear a lot about, but he hasn't been on the show too many times,
but just in time for Valentine's Day.
You know what?
I'm gonna let Jamie introduce tonight's special guest.
I think Jamie would do a much better job introducing.
This is my personal parasite.
I'm kidding. I'm kidding.
Say hello everybody to Jamie's husband, Dan, is joining us tonight on the show.
Dan, how are you?
Uh, hi.
Thanks for that wonderful introduction, wife.
Dan is the king of gaming in our house.
He has more knowledge of classic games than I do.
What I want to know is how much does Dan, your husband, have in common with Dan from Street Fighter?
Next time I want Rob to introduce me, by the way.
I love Street Fighter.
I'm here to talk about Street Fighter 4.
Are you excited about Street Fighter?
If I had more in common with Dan Hibiki, it'd be awesome.
Are you excited about Street Fighter 4?
Are you excited about Street Fighter 4?
I'm not even that big of a fighting game fan, and I have kind of a semi-fanboy boner going for Street Fighter 4.
So fighting game fans must be at that point of no return right about now, because the game's about to be released.
And it looks incredible.
Yeah, I can't stop watching videos.
I prepaid for my $150 fighting stick.
Oh my god.
Yeah, baby.
Well, if you're playing it on Xbox 360, though, you kind of have to have one of those.
Because I'm seriously contemplating getting it on the PlayStation 3 simply because I can't picture playing Street Fighter 4 on the Xbox 360 controller.
I'm getting it on the PlayStation 3.
Not even just because of the controllers.
That's because I'm not going to play fighting games on live.
Because online gaming is already irritating enough.
Online fighting games are the worst thing to ever happen.
And unless you like them, then hey, go for it.
And honestly, I've got to play something on my PS3.
That poor thing is lonely.
I've got to introduce our chat room, chat.orangelandtrader.com, and they're always here to talk to us.
By the way, I just want to say, Justin TV, you guys, we don't read the chat room over there as much because it's just too hard to look at two different chat rooms.
So please, please, if you can, join us in the other chat, chat.orangelandtrader.com.
The Rob D is in there, and he's a big fighting game fan as well.
He says, I have the collector's edition preordered.
I'm going crazy.
I'm watching the World Warrior on loop.
I'm watching the Street Fighter cartoon.
I'm going to watch the anime movie the night before.
Try working in a game store where we've had nothing but Street Fighter on all the demos for like a month.
What kind of game store work do you do, if you don't mind me asking?
You don't have to say what company or whatever. I don't know what you can say or can't say, but what kind of game store stuff do you do?
I manage a game crazy.
Anyone who's listened to this store, this show forever knows I used to manage a GameStop.
Now, it's not that there's anything wrong with GameStop, other than the fact that they're corrupt and evil and hate you.
But I jumped to the other side.
So it's not that it's any different. It's just smaller and hates you less.
And I do want to point out now, tonight, we do have the whiteboard in studio.
So we can now start, finally, our list of things that suck about GameStop.
And I'm going to have Dan starting off the list tonight.
They hate you, so I'll be writing that on the whiteboard here while we get into our gaming week.
So, DarkSakura, why don't you tell us about your gaming week?
Well, my past two weeks of gaming have been fairly diverse.
I actually finally got past the stupid dialogue portion of Ragnarok DS and actually got to kill four porings.
Ooh. Four.
Bling, bling, bling.
It's pretty fun so far. That's really cute.
Dude, how do you get to prontera? Because that was the only word I could read.
Because I know some Japanese. I can't read that much Kanji.
So, oh well.
And then, also, finally got through the damn forest on Castlevania, Order of Ecclesia.
Because it was exactly what I said I had to do.
One more level and I could do it.
And then I played, we played R-Type Dimensions last night.
And I have to say that it's really, really, really freaking sweet.
Especially having unlimited content, unlimited ships.
Because R-Type is like freaking hard.
It's R-Type.
And this is actually harder than I remember R-Type being.
So, and I wasn't really all that great at R-Type to begin with.
But Dan and I played co-op last night and it was really fun.
No, it wasn't last night. It was the night before.
Anyway, it was really fun.
And I played, I saw something that depressed me.
I saw the trailer for Marvel Ultimate Alliance 2.
It's Civil War crap.
We hated it the first time, Marvel.
Stop it.
Stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it.
It sucked. It was an awful storyline.
Stop it.
Do you hear me?
I read your Twitters. I'll tell you all.
So anyway.
And then, what else did I play?
Oh yeah, I did actually play some Ragnarok Online for like, you know, an hour.
And that was it.
And I'm also, I also had a minor fan-gasm over Star Trek Online's character trailer.
That looked hot.
Uh-huh.
But I'm making our, when it comes out I'm making the official alien race of OLR.
The OLR-ians.
Nice.
Seriously.
Are they gonna be orange people?
No, probably not. Orange is a good color.
Copper.
Copper.
I just, I insist I don't wear a red shirt.
It depends though. No, no, no, no.
If you are, original Star Trek red shirt is the kiss of death.
If you, in Next Generation, yellow is the kiss of death.
If you're Voyager, prepare to suck.
Hey now.
And if you're DS-
I like Janeway. I'm the one.
And if you're DS9, it's the most awesome of them all and Enterprise doesn't exist.
Because really, it's Quantum Leap the future.
Okay.
Um, Trek nerds. We gotta get back to video games.
Oh, um, um, um, um.
Um, and, uh, I, uh, I did play something else.
Oh yeah, I'm also, I think I found an MMO to play though in the meantime that's free to play.
Um, it's Perfect World.
My friend Heather plays it.
And I've seen it, it's pretty cool, so I was gonna give it a try since it's free in that World of Warcraft.
I've never heard of Perfect World. Give us a brief description of what this is.
Um, it's not World of Warcraft.
Oh, well then I'm sold, hey!
It's the same type of game though, but it has some pretty gorgeous environments and it's pretty cool.
And you can actually ride a tiger.
You can ride a white tiger.
I want a white tiger.
Can you get the eye of the tiger?
I've also decided something else completely unrelated to gaming.
I want a pet goat.
She doesn't even acknowledge it.
No, I'm not.
I also decided that I want a pet goat while I was out of town.
You can have my sisters if you want.
Really?
No, she can't.
She has four.
Do they have the cool rectangular pupils?
I don't care.
Wait, in real life IRL she wants a goat?
Yes!
No, my sister-
Where the hell are you gonna put a goat?
In the backyard!
Exac-
Hey, well, you know, my sister is looking for a place to store her four goats, so-
I want one goat so I can walk it on a leash.
Well, they suck.
What are you gonna do with a goat?
Keep it as a pet!
I don't know, you can't-
What, are you gonna take it out and walk it around the block?
Yes!
My sister collects animals, apparently.
Is he gonna ride it to work?
No, goats are too little to ride.
They suck.
There is nothing cool about goats.
They just eat shit and then shit.
Yeah, they'll eat anything, so I'll just feed it, you know, Jaguar games.
That's all they do.
They just process grass into shit.
That is it.
But they're cute.
They are not cute at all.
They are goats.
Dad's goats are cute.
Okay, we're not talking about Harvest Moon here.
And they're meat goats.
Video games!
Okay, your gaming week.
I was gonna say they're meat goats.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
Goat free, I hope.
Yes, it was goat free, thank God.
No, this week I didn't play hardly anything other than Grand Theft Auto IV.
And I've been prepping my experience of Grand Theft Auto IV on the PC,
putting the right mods in place so that I can go in.
And hopefully film something funny.
Just a little hint.
I found a skin to reskin Nico to look like Adolf Hitler.
Oh, it's gonna be fun.
And let's see what else.
Some other mods that flood stuff and, you know, crazy weapons.
So it's gonna be the wacky world of Adolf Hitler.
Or maybe another Hitler, you know.
Hitler on Ice.
Hitler in the Matrix or something, I don't know.
Anyways.
Can I say some chat comments real quick?
Sure.
Because now they're on a goat kick.
Bob Coffee Away, I think, who forgot to change their name to Bob Coffee because they're obviously
there.
Bob Coffee says, zombie goats would be the best thing ever.
That might be like a video game involving zombie goats.
Well, they did have Black Sheep, which was zombie sheep.
That was an awful movie.
I saw that, you know, they had the trailer for that at the beginning of, what is it,
Death Proof?
And it was actually a real movie?
ActDeafedInChat says, sheep go to heaven, goats go to hell.
I just posted a picture of the goats in chat because I love them.
Chat.orangelandstrategy.com.
Oh, haha, Brad.
My sister seriously has her goat on her Facebook as one of her pictures.
I am not kidding.
She has, well, she had four of them.
I think she has three now because one of them got attacked by dogs and died.
But, she has three goats.
Wait!
Wait, I gotta tell you, this just proves goats suck.
If like a bunch of dogs can take out a goat, they're fat.
It was a pack of dogs.
It was a pack of pit bulls.
Oh my god.
That's a pack of angry dogs.
The coolest thing about these goats is that they have rectangular pupils.
And I am obsessed with that.
Is there a dogs who hate goats society?
What is this?
This is like-
No.
This is her boyfriend's dogs actually.
This is like Animal Farm for reals.
They don't take care of them and they start going feral.
So that's why they attack the goats.
Anyways, because they're hungry.
So, she also has a bunch of birds and hamsters and shit.
So yeah, she's-
She still needs to be a veterinarian though, right?
So we kinda let her get away with it.
Yeah, but she shouldn't have goats.
She's in an apartment.
She has to store them like in Rio Linda.
Which, you know, for Rio Linda, they fit right in.
But anyways, yes, they do have names.
I don't remember what the names are.
Rio Linda is from Sacramento is at Morris to Mobile, Alabama.
Oh yeah, that's gonna help a lot.
Okay, it's the boonies of California.
Anyways, so yeah, that's my game week.
It was just Grand Theft Auto.
I meant to download Killzone 2 because I don't have it pre-ordered at GameStop.
Oh, how will I ever get the demo that seems to be region-free?
Maybe I'll create another free account in the UK!
Oh no! I've bypassed her! Security!
So yeah.
Wow. Alright, my gaming week.
I don't have a whole lot to share.
After last week's show, you might remember Rice Princess was going crazy over the fact that I had the Resident Evil 5 demo.
So we actually went in and played the Resident Evil 5 demo and it was pretty cool.
Yes, I'll give my impressions on that.
I was just like, heh, that's okay.
Was that your impressions?
Yeah, it was just like, eh.
That's kind of how I felt about it.
It was alright.
Resident Evil is not a series I've ever gotten into.
I mean, I love zombies and stuff.
There's another zombie series, of course, that I really got into that we'll be talking about later.
I have to get this off my chest, I'm sorry.
I need to stop talking about this because I have to get this off my chest.
I've been waiting all night to say this.
I played the absolute worst Xbox Live arcade game in my entire freaking life this week.
Worse than Yaris?
Worse than Yaris.
And they're actually charging money for this one, okay?
Apparently this is based off a game show or something, but I've never seen it before.
And it is the worst fucking idea for a game I've ever seen in my life.
It's called Merv Griffin's Crosswords.
Oh my god, this game was awful.
Wasn't that actually a TV show?
It is a TV show.
I hope it got cancelled like five times because the setup of the show was stupid.
The AI in the game was stupid.
If they got an answer wrong, they would misspell words.
I didn't even understand how the game worked.
And the clues were terrible.
Like, oh my god, this game was awful.
I felt myself slowly dying being attacked by a pack of wild dogs or something while playing this game.
It was so, so terrible.
And I can't believe they're even trying to charge $10 for it.
Oh god, it was a horrible game.
Really, Merv Griffin's Crosswords.
I think I would have saw Merv Griffin's Crosswords and been like, nope, sorry.
Why don't they bring us a good game like old school Press Your Luck?
I know, for real, right? Bring us some good game shows.
I know, right?
Frisbee in Chat says, this game, S-U-C blank S.
Exactly how I feel.
I wouldn't even be upset if they brought back Bumper Stumpers.
Bumper Stumpers was kind of like, how can you have Bumper Stumpers go on and on and on forever?
It was great.
Alright, forget it. Anyway.
How do you man, did they bring a game of Double Dare?
VX JasonXV in Chat says, the game show itself is interesting.
Games based off of game shows tend to suck though.
Look, I would rather play the are you smarter than a fifth grader game all day long
than have to play five minutes of Merv Griffin's Crosswords ever again.
With Zombie Jeff Foxworthy?
Actually, all things considered, the are you smarter than a fifth grader game wasn't bad.
I mean, for what it is, you know what it is, it's an adaptation of the TV show.
If you don't like the TV show, then whatever, you're probably not going to like the game.
For what it is, that live game is not bad.
But this game was just not fun at all. At all.
Maybe because you weren't a fan of the TV show?
I never watched the TV show. I loved the Scrabble show back in the day.
I like word game shows. The Scrabble show is awesome.
Lingo. I love Lingo.
These are two games I would rather see on Xbox Live.
You should have a game that you're an audience member at one of these shows
and you can yell at the contestants and get them to do stuff.
But it may or may not affect the answers.
This whole one versus a hundred thing that's coming to Xbox Live or whatever that is.
What are they calling that? The whole shows on live on live or whatever it is?
It's like they're not community games.
Hopefully it's like that.
Yeah, I don't remember what it's called.
Hopefully it's not. It'd just be like Xbox Live.
But in true Xbox Live form, when the host gets up there, you just have to start yelling,
Fag, fag, fag, fuck, fuck, nah.
Never mind. I'm not going to...
You know what else they say on Xbox Live.
Let's see. What else did I play this week as far as video games go?
I just was so obsessed with hating that game.
I did play the new R-Type game. That was kind of fun.
I got to say, that whole switching between 2D and 3D with a button was totally pointless,
but it was kind of cool.
It's like, I'm turning the 3D on. Oh, I'm turning the 3D off.
I'm turning the 3D on. I'm turning it off.
And Deep Man in Chat says, did you mention Left 4 Dead?
I did check out Left 4 Dead finally.
One of our listeners was very, very kind and gave...
I guess they bought a four-pack together, but only used three of the codes.
So they gave me a code. I was very, very thankful.
And I did check out the game for a little bit, but not enough to give impressions yet.
I haven't played enough at all.
I got raped in like five minutes. That's how horrible I am at first-person shooters, okay?
I was going down the stairs, and then some big fat guy comes down the stairs and rapes us all
because I don't know what I'm doing.
So I need to figure out what the hell to do in this game.
That's just Left 4 Dead.
I guess so.
But it's like, oh, the dude just threw up on your party member. You're fucked now.
I was like, I don't know what I'm doing. I haven't even played this for five minutes.
Anyhow, yeah, that's going to do it for my gaming week.
Matt, number two, did you play anything interesting this week you'd like to share with our listeners?
I'm just a big square, and I play a little bit of WoW.
I'm on that ever-long quest to hit 80 because I'm a noob.
But you have like 20 characters.
I do not have 20 characters. I have one of every class on Narzul, which is my main server.
And it's funny because we do have TrekkieNerds on the show tonight, and I think every time.
Most of my characters are named after what I have affectionately called obscure Star Trek characters.
So, for example, Kes, Seska, Neelix, Gum2, Darmok.
And if you're a Trekkie, you recognize hopefully a handful of those.
I recognize two of them as Voyager names.
That's right.
Darmok and Neelix was really obscure.
He was on for like six seasons.
But he cooked and he didn't.
He was a main character. He was in the opening credits.
He was on Voyager!
He was a morale officer that became a security guy under Tuvok.
So, obscure because you never really think of him. You think of Janeway.
Trekkie's 3.
Yeah, Trekkie's 3, exactly.
What's that?
I have to ask, do you like Warp 11?
No.
Sadness.
I'm sorry.
My main mage is Malak, but I had to rename him to Valerian since someone took the name when I had the transfer service.
So, hopefully one day Valerian will be 80 and then I will have to work on my other, as Rob calls him, 20 characters.
Bobcoffee and Chat says, I recognize all of those. I fail at life. LOL.
We both fail at life. LOL squared.
That was pretty much my gaming week.
My Xbox 360 has unfortunately remained dormant these past few weeks because WoW has taken over my life.
Nice.
Alright, speaking of Chat, I think they're previewing our new website in the chat room right now.
I was talking about it on Bobby's show, but I don't think I mentioned it here yet.
We are going to be launching a new website soon and I think Deep Man was previewing it.
And check it out in chat. It's pretty awesome.
Dan, how was your gaming week? What kind of stuff have you been playing?
It was awesome.
I pulled down HD Remix, the Super Street Fighter Turbo HD Remix.
And at first I played the demo and I was like, ah, super janky, no thanks.
But as Street Fighter Mania gripped me, it was like, okay, I'll download it.
And it's actually not too bad. It's a little bit easier than Super Turbo is normally, so that's pretty awesome.
See, Rob, these are the people that encourage this kind of behavior, re-releasing games.
I know.
Oh, I'm terrible because I also downloaded R-Type Dimensions, which was, it kicked ass, you know.
And I've got the remake of Bionic Commando. I'm a remake whore. Seriously, if it's a good remake, if it's a game that needs to be remade...
Some of them are really good.
Because of technology, I mean, I fully say remake it, but you've got to be real faithful and real respectful of the original material.
See, I don't have a problem with the Bionic Commando one because that changed enough of it.
They've added a whole bunch of stuff in it. It's not just like, okay, we made the sprites prettier.
Frogger.
Same game, you know.
And Frogger, yeah, perfect example.
R-Type, I'm not really sure if they changed anything to it, but, you know, Street Fighter, I mean, they just made the sprites prettier.
Well, that was basically what they did with R-Type. I mean, it's R-Type 1, R-Type 2. It's got the 3D graphics.
They added a two-player simultaneous mode, which was actually kind of interesting, but...
Cool.
If you're an R-Type god and you could play through the whole game with no problem, yeah, it's still just R-Type.
You are an R-Type god, though, from what I remember Jamie saying.
Yeah, I could totally dust, like, the first three levels of R-Type 1, then you get to level 4 when the game gets hard.
And, I mean, I don't care who you are, R-Type gets real, real hard. I could beat it on the consoles, but this R-Type Dimension is a hard version of R-Type.
I don't know if your hitbox in that game is bigger or what, but, you know, there's a lot of shooters and stuff that deserve remakes, and so I do encourage that, you know, as long as it's respectful to the original game and it's a game that needs it, you know.
Tigerclaw in chat makes a good case. He says, Bionic Commando remake was awesome. You get the Hitler head explosion in full 3D.
True that.
That is true. Very true.
Alright, we're going to go ahead and get into some housekeeping tonight real quick, and then we'll finally get into some gaming news.
Hold on, hold on.
Oh, what?
I have a few more things I want to add.
No.
Yes. Ah. What the hell, okay? I don't think we're talking about this tonight, so I'm going to mention it anyways.
The Warriors on Xbox Live Arcade. They're making a new version of the Warriors game that's like, it's now like Final Fight, the Warriors.
Speaking of didn't need to be remade.
And probably won't have Guy in it.
It's just, it's, God, it's horrible. Why would they do that? The Warriors game on Xbox is so awesome. Just make that backwards compatible, and then we're done.
I mean, I don't know. And I also wanted to say I saw Coraline in 3D and that was awesome.
I want to see that.
I haven't seen a 3D movie, at least with the new like real 3D or whatever stuff, and it was really sweet.
Plus the polarized glasses. I think there's a way you can get your PC monitors to do 3D with the polarized stuff, so I'm going to play with that.
Do you think that type of, you know, just totally random off the cusp question, do you think that type of technology might be coming to gaming someday?
Oh yeah, definitely. I think actually it's already coming to gaming.
They're going to show that off at E3 this year with Avatar by Ubisoft. It's going to be in 3D as well.
And I wouldn't be surprised if it's polarized because that would make sense to me because it doesn't look that bad when you're not looking at it without the glasses.
Because I was really surprised before. I'm just used to kind of like either the really weird blurry glasses or the red and blue stuff.
So, you know, old school 3D stuff.
But, I mean, the polarized glasses, it was weird because I put them on and I thought, oh, this is going to hurt my eyes and stuff.
And I was like, wow, it's just looking like through normal glasses. But then, you know, the effect on the screen is really awesome.
Well, a question for you. Do you ever, I think it's on the Wiimote hack website. There was the guy who did sort of the reverse by using the infrared sensors.
Yeah, the, I forget what they call it. Yeah, I haven't done that. Just, I don't know. I can't get my Bluetooth stuff to work right.
If you can see the full 3D effect, even just watching a video of it, they should do something that would utilize that type of technology.
Well, they were supposed to in boom blocks, if you remember, the developers want to do that.
But they somehow, someone said no and they had to take it out.
It's going to be a little Easter egg in there where you could do it that way. I forget what they called it.
But yeah, I think, I know like TrackMania, I think, does some sort of 3D thing. I don't know if it's with the red, blue glasses or if it's the polarized glasses, but that'd be fun.
Because TrackMania is a sweet game. But that's it. Sorry.
No, that's all right. That's all right. Let's talk about really quickly housekeeping. I pretty much said all I wanted to say about the new website.
Hopefully that will go live for everybody, not just during the show, but everybody will get to see that.
Maybe in the next week or two. It's going to be awesome.
Regular content, again, I'm so excited. We can actually do reviews and all that fun stuff. It'll be great.
Otherwise, just make sure to keep following us on MySpace and Facebook, at the O.L. Army on Facebook, and LiveJournal as well at Orange Lounge.
What, Loki?
I was just thinking, because it is sort of housekeeping, the E3 news, you know, the special guests that we're going to have doing special...
Oh yeah. I'm very excited about E3. That's all I have to say. Very excited about E3.
Yes, this year at E3 because...
I hope I can get in.
I mean, I know I'll be able to get in. Getting my special guests in is going to be difficult, but we'll see.
Anyways, possibly this year we will have Nellie coming in to do her Woman That Hates Gaming review of E3.
Because we're going to go there for a couple days. We're actually going to a trip for Disneyland as well, because E3 happens to fall on her birthday.
So she said, you know, I'm going to be very loving and I'll go with you. You can go to E3.
And as long as we go to Disneyland and stuff, I'm fine with that. I can go into E3 maybe a day or two or something like that.
I'm very excited to get the Wife That Hates Gaming interview. It's going to be amazing.
Alright, so we'll see. We'll see.
Anyhow, let's get into some gaming news. We're like a half hour into the show and haven't gotten to gaming news yet. So, Loki, please take it away.
Alright. Well, speaking of E3, the exhibitor list has been revealed and some people that had dropped out before are back, including Activision Blizzard.
They are back after dropping out of the last E3. But, I mean, who can blame them? The last E3 was kind of ehhh. I don't know.
But, it's interesting though. Even though Activision Blizzard may be there, the Blizzard portion of Activision will not be there.
But, I mean, I guess they did have a few things they could have shown off like Diablo 3 and Starcraft 2. But, I don't know. I mean, I don't really know when all that's supposed to come out.
So, they don't really necessarily need to show that, I guess.
What does Activision have that you want to see without Blizzard?
Without Blizzard?
Blizzard has everything. They've got Starcraft. They've got Diablo. They've got whatever's next for Warcraft.
Activision's like, well, we've got Guitar Hero.
Call of Duty.
I mean, granted, they'll have...
Well, Modern Warfare 2, sure, maybe.
I'll give you a list of what I want to see from them. DJ Hero. The new Tony Hawk game, which is supposed to be...
I mean, granted, I want to see it. I don't want to buy it or play it.
Killing a franchise.
It's the new Tony Hawk game where they're going to have an actual skateboard that you use for the game. So, that'll be interesting.
They're trying to sell us for $200.
Exactly. Maybe you see what they're going to do to innovate with Guitar Hero.
And then maybe Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2 and possibly the new Transformers game just to see if it's really sucky or not.
Well, hey, I know the first game blew.
Did you watch the trailer that's up on Kotaku for it?
Yes, and it doesn't look any better than the first game.
But it's a different developer.
It doesn't matter. It's a movie game. It's going to suck.
It'll be bad in a different way, and not all movie games suck.
Oh, wonderful. Thank you.
Okay, Wanted looks awesome, and that's going to be a movie game, of course.
Yeah, but it's not going to be awesome. You're watching the trailer and you're like, ooh, that looks like it might be good.
Okay, yeah, Transformers, the new game trailer, there was nothing that said, hmm, I'm going to buy this. It just kind of...
I mean, look at it.
If you even spend money to rent that game, you're high.
It's for seven-year-old boys who love the movie and have to keep on living it.
It's not for gamers.
But I want to keep on living the movie!
Fine! Pirate it like the rest of us!
Okay!
But seriously, Activision has got nothing without Blizzard.
In fact, they may as well just call the whole company Blizzard.
Well, they also have Alpha, was it Prototype, which looks really awesome.
That's Sierra, but yeah.
They've got Modern Warfare 2. That's it.
I mean, and that should be Mankind.
I'm excited about it.
The hitball series is just waiting to make a comeback.
No, it's not!
They try and stay dead.
They try that every generation.
They keep bringing it back and it sucks.
Didn't they already make one for the Wii?
Yes, and it sucks.
Okay, it started off as a port of the GameCube game and they fucked that up.
And so they made it into this new game where they renamed it and it still sucked.
Okay, speaking of porting GameCube games, who's not bitter that Pikmin is just the GameCube version with Wii controls?
That's all they're doing, is putting out all these GameCube games with Wii controls.
Oh, no, no!
Well, don't get me wrong, I'm kind of down with that whenever I'm a remake whore, but come on!
No, they promised us a new Pikmin.
They are doing a new Pikmin.
They're doing this, they're doing Pikmin and Pikmin 2, and then they're actually going to announce a new Pikmin at E3.
Do a game I want to play again, like F-Zero.
Oh, yeah.
Well, F-Zero on the Wii would be awesome.
Even if it's just GX, because that game was brutal.
That better be the secret in Reggie's pants at E3.
That's what they should be doing as one of the Wii.
New play control games.
Zip, ew, Falcon Punch!
No, seriously, they should do a new play control version of F-Zero GX, because that'd be perfect, but instead of this Mario Power Tennis, really, was that such a great game that it requires...
No, Mario Power Tennis was pretty pimp.
And come on, like Strikers, Strikers is awesome.
Mario's aggressive death soccer is like the best game to ever happen.
I still, still can't, you know, believe that that game is that good.
I hate soccer, but I love that game.
Sorry, I can't get that mental image now of Reggie Fils-Aime coming out at E3 and Falcon Punching us with his cock.
I issue a challenge now to our listeners, especially the ones who were kind enough to do the kudaragi crayon eating picture.
No, no, don't make a picture.
We now want the Falcon Punch picture.
No, no.
I will, I will send someone a shiny silver dollar.
Keep it clean. Alright.
That I ride on in Sharpie.
Let's move on to something depressing to try and sedate the show a little bit here.
Sadly, THQ has laid off about 100 people on their staff.
And, you know, sad trombone, but, you know, it was the mobile gaming division.
And I don't mean to sound, you know, crass. I feel sorry for those people. You know, it sucks to lose jobs and stuff, and the economy stinks and everything.
But, you know.
Does THQ make anything besides SmackDown?
Yeah, they make a bunch of SpongeBob, you know, and Nintendo licensed games, and Saints Row 2, which I love.
Oh yeah, they did make Saints Row 2. That game was not so bad.
Anyhow, well, here's the thing. They are actually going to be restructuring the wireless subsidiary.
Apparently, though, they actually closed completely the San Diego Mobile Studio, as well, and some offices in the UK and Germany.
They are still going to be cranking out some wireless games, though, out of Finland.
They are Uni Versomo Studios, and I guess this means, I don't know, more Worms Mobile, things of that sort.
They did a mobile version of Saints Row. I don't think it was any good, though.
I don't know. If they did, like, Worms World Party for, like, the iPhone, I'd be down.
Yeah, I mean, again, I feel bad. I don't mean to joke about people losing their jobs, but at the same time, you know, mobile games...
No, it's cool. If you've got a job, just go for it.
There might be good news for mobile things later on in the show we're going to get into.
The only good news for mobile gaming is the iPhone, which is awesome.
Well, that's exactly what we're going to get into a little later in the show.
Oh, well, then I won't spoil it.
But for now, we'll get into some more gaming news, won't we, Dar Sakura?
Yes, we will. Who likes Netflix?
Me! I have watched seasons one and two of 30 Rock on Netflix on demand on the Xbox 360. It's great.
See, speaking of Netflix on the Xbox 360, they did a survey that went out to a few members that was asking them if they would pay a little bit extra for premium content, like, from cable channels, like HBO.
And it's sort of, I guess, rumored that it's going to be around, you know, ten bucks extra.
Don't encourage them.
But, um, I don't know. I think some people would be excited by it.
Nobody will be excited by it.
There are consumer whores.
Look, I like the idea of offering some more of this premium content. Like, being able to watch the tutors on demand and all this kind of stuff sounds kind of awesome.
Because I like that type of period piece fucking. Because that's what the tutors is. I don't know if you've ever watched it, but it's period piece fucking, basically.
But here's the thing is that, then if they set the bar and they say, oh, we're going to charge this premium content for all this extra stuff on Xbox 360, then everybody's going to want to be premium content.
I'm going to have nothing left to watch but independent documentaries about strippers that went to stripping because of Hurricane Katrina, which, yes, is an actual documentary I once watched on Netflix 360.
That's all that's going to be left is Hurricane.
Awesome.
Premium content, good. Paying more, bad. It's already $9 a month for the super basic level with the unlimited streaming, which is great through the Xbox. I love it.
It's awesome. It's got me watching more TV than ever, which is really what society needed.
But at the same time, it's like, oh, man, don't give them any reason to charge us more.
It's giving us Doctor Who. We've got up to season four now, right?
No.
No?
We have season four, but we're not paying extra for it. It just came with the Netflix.
Well, I'd be curious if you signed up for premium membership.
It takes away subscribership from HBO, Cinemax, all that stuff from cable subscribers because now they can just download for a whole lot cheaper.
The main shows like Big Love, Tutors, other Sopranos from back in the day, those types of shows I'm at, I would be curious to take away subscribership.
That's a good question, but I wonder if they would care because they're still getting money from you watching their shows.
So maybe they don't care. They still get their money one way or another.
That's true, or the cable companies are maybe losing revenue.
Well, to hell with them.
I'm sure that Netflix is actually paying a certain percentage to the premium channels for content.
I mean, that would make sense, or else HBO would be like, bitch, please.
Well, they pay a licensing fee for the movies that they use, but I mean, it's not like they're going to show The Sopranos every night after it comes on like they do CSI.
Xlink in chatroom says, gives a very honest response. This is why I torrent. It's a very honest response.
It's whether the legality is questionable or whatever.
Same here.
Well, Dan says, why pay for what I conceal? But also, there's something to be said, just like iTunes.
Why do people actually use iTunes when you can go out and find the downloaded MP3?
Because sometimes it's a pain in the ass to find the actual MP3.
Because I have an iPhone.
Well, how convenient is it that you can just sit there, tap a button, and you will have the full song for just a buck?
And it's legal.
And you get the warm fuzzies, legal, supporting the artist, all that stuff.
I get the warm fuzzies doing the opposite.
Well, you're evil.
That's because you're a pre-vert.
All right.
Okay, that's not true.
Let's move on with some more gaming news.
Netflix isn't really gaming, but at the same time, that's what people use their 360s for lately. At least I do.
One million. One million subscribers.
I spend more time on my 360. Seriously, if you look what I've done the past week, on the 360, I played that horrible Crosswords game.
I played...
Sweet.
Netflix.
My PlayStation 3 is actually where I've been gaming lately, because I have Prince of Persia on PS3.
I've been playing that on Little Big Planet. I've been playing the hell out of.
That's been my PS3.
I'm actually using my...
Which is weird, because I always thought PS3 was supposed to be the system that was going to be my all-in-one entertainment center.
But, like, I'm the complete opposite lately.
I don't know what the hell's up with that.
I don't know.
I use my PS3 for streaming stuff. It works pretty well.
All right. Who cares? Anyway, it's all right. Let's move on with gaming news.
Gauntlet DS is potentially cancelled.
This is coming from various retail sites that have been telling their customers it had a pre-order that's been cancelled.
That it's been removed off of GameStop and some other retail websites.
I know from a distributor standpoint, I think it was locked and basically put out of print.
Which either means that it's got a to-be-announced release date, or actually it's cancelled.
So, it's pretty much cancelled.
Could it possibly be in limo?
Like, might the game be changing hands or something?
It could be. It happens a lot. In fact...
With Midway going through all the problems it's been having too, you know.
Thank you for reminding me too.
That was something I got to touch on at a special time later on.
There was something going through limbo.
Okay.
Anyways, it's very possible something like this. It looked okay.
I don't remember being that impressed by it, because I did play it at PAX, but it was all right.
Anything four player on the DS would be really cool.
Four player with voiceover IP during the game.
Anything that you're waiting for from Midway, don't hold your breath.
It pains me to say it, because I love Midway.
Me too.
I love Mortal Kombat and a lot of their IPs, but that company is boned.
It is too bad.
They owe twice what their company is worth.
The only solace that you'll get is the fact that probably the big studios that they own in the franchises will be snapped up by bigger, probably more stable companies.
They'll all belong to EA or Act of Blizzard before it's all over, but Midway is going down the tubes.
You've got to wonder how much Midway lost on that stranglehold or whatever that game was.
They brought in that big, huge name director and they spent all this money marketing it.
I think the game made a ploop when it landed.
It's not just stranglehold. They've just had flop after flop after flop.
They have all these great franchises and they would try to bring them back.
They did Spy Hunter for the PS2 back in the day, and Spy Hunter was great.
So they're like, ah man, we'll do Defender.
Defender wasn't a bad game, but nobody cared.
And their treasures collections are awesome.
The Midway treasure collections they did on Xbox, like the 20 old games, like Rampage.
Yeah, they sell hand over fist.
You've got to wonder how they could be in that much trouble.
I guess the development budgets on their not-whoring-out-at-all franchises have just been out of control.
Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe was kind of their last hurrah, I think.
I've got to read this comment from Chad, because this is a good point.
I apologize if I'm mispronouncing his name.
In chat.orangetonshooter.com, Spike Guru says VOIP over 802.11b. Wouldn't that blow?
Because the DS isn't the most powerful wireless networking device.
Well, I mean, I don't know.
They said they had it working, or maybe they couldn't get it working, and that's why.
If they could make it work, you know.
I don't really see how much you're going to really need voice for Gauntlet.
I mean, it's nice, but it's Gauntlet.
True, true.
All right, well, maybe here's-
Hit that thing with an axe! Quick!
Grab the treasure!
No, my treasure!
Quit dying!
Elf shot the food.
Gauntlet, people!
Well, I don't know.
It's not that complex!
Whoops, shot the food.
Dan, maybe this is a game you would be more into for the DS.
Lego Battles is a game that's going to be coming out on the Nintendo DS.
It's coming from Warner Brothers and TT Games.
Robler's Tales.
TT. Telltale.
TT.
Titties!
It's a Lego-based strategy game, basically.
I think Loki's kind of talked about this a little bit on the show before.
Really?
Did I?
Officially, now, out there, that you're going to be, like, having bases that you're building and defending.
It's Lego castles, Lego's pirates, Lego's space-themed.
You're going to have units that you can actually-
You can actually have pirates and space people in the same team.
So, like, you can mix and match all this stuff.
You can tell there's Lego ninjas that just don't matter.
Well, actually, apparently, in the press release, you can have pirate swordsmen fighting wizards and aliens, dragons battling ninjas-
And that's going to be the greatest Lego game to ever happen.
Pirate ships launching broadsides against spacecraft and knights.
And you can also play this game local multiplayer.
Sadly, no V.O.I.P.
I'm sorry, pirate ship fighting a spaceship, that's just ridiculous.
I mean, seriously, what, it's a pirate ship, got cannons and shit, the spaceship's like,
I'm just going to fly higher, bitch.
Oh, you're dead.
They need to make a game like this, but, like, not Lego's.
You need to go old school and get, like, the Blacktron Lego's in there.
No, no offense against the Lego's, but I want to see, like, dragons versus spaceships for real.
I'm a fucking Duplo in this shit.
Duplo would totally dominate because they'd just be giant, indestructible blocks.
It's my pirate ship.
It'd be, like, tech level low, but resistance is, like, super high.
And cost, well, cost of anything Lego is just through the roof.
Boy, it's like construction fighter.
It could be Lego versus Mega Bloks.
Lego's and Duplo's and Tinker Toys and Lincoln Logs.
Have you seen the Mega Block Halo toys that they're doing?
You can get, like, Warthogs and Scorpion tanks and stuff all made of Mega Bloks.
There's a franchise that someone should have jumped on.
I know it was an April Fool's joke, but Lego Halo would have been sweet.
The chat room is talking about, like, a Lego fighting game, and the Rob D says you could lose parts as you fight.
That would be fun.
Yeah.
Just knock the blocks off of somebody. That'd be fun.
Lego Street Fighter.
Did you see, um, speaking of Legos also, did you see the pictures someone did of the Starcraft 2?
Yeah.
That person is my hero. That was the most awesome thing I've ever seen.
Very cool.
Alright, so Lego Battle's coming to the DS, I believe the release date's summertime, so we'll see.
April.
April, that's in time for my birthday.
Nice.
Ninjas and Dragons on Jamie's birthday. Who could ask for more?
Rock.
Well, for our UK friends, I'm so sorry.
It's just that this game is coming out as making me laugh.
They're bringing out a Coronation Street game on the DS, which is sort of like, as far as I know,
it's sort of like a weird soap opera-y type show out there, kind of like, what is it, the other one, EastEnders?
I think?
You look...
That wasn't on the mic.
Dan didn't say it in the mics, you guys didn't hear it, but he went way to cover the gaming news that matters.
We have listeners in the UK.
I also want to point out when Loki reads release dates, he reads things like Imagine Teacher and Imagine Baby's Dance Party.
Hey, I want to cover everything, okay?
So we have to cover everything.
So we can make fun of it.
There would be a hundred more people interested in what she's talking about than Imagine, you know, sitting around and fucking yourself.
Because you know what, if we're going to read release dates that matter to me, we wouldn't be reading anything.
Can I get my story, please?
Yes, you may.
This is the official STFU for me, thank you.
Anyway, yeah, Coronation Street is really, really popular, it has 78% of the UK's television audience.
So basically it's like, if you're going to watch TV and it's on, that's the only thing to watch, I guess.
But they're doing a DS game by, I don't really know too much about what's going into the game exactly as far as the play of it will be.
But it's supposed to be out for Christmas this year, so...
Yay, you get Coronation Street!
Did you do a little Briton DS game?
That PlayStation 2 one was awful.
Yeah, they did a PSP and PS2 game.
What?
Do not want.
I think that Top Gear and Doctor Who are the only things that justify the continued existence of the BBC.
Torchwood and the Sarah Jane Adventures.
Torchwood and the Sarah Jane Adventures. Whatever that is.
Oh, and Primeval. Is Primeval still on?
What's that?
Primeval, that's a good show.
No, I haven't seen Primeval, but it might download to Merlin.
And the new series for afterlife on Mars, Ashes to Ashes, that's pretty decent.
It is, yes.
So there's actually lots of good stuff on BBC, but it really is about Doctor Who.
The staple of British television, in my opinion.
And Top Gear.
Going from something on the BBC to something that's very American.
Godfather 2, EA has delayed the release of the game because apparently releasing Godfather 2 on the same day as Killzone 2, not a good idea.
So they decided to hold it off a little bit. I believe now it's coming out the second quarter.
Beginning of April, probably.
So, cool. I don't know. I'm not too excited about Godfather. I didn't play the first one.
I mean, it's my type of game because it is like a Grand Theft Auto sandbox type of thing.
You owe it to yourself to pick it up and try it.
It actually is a pretty sick game as long as you don't get too much respect.
Because then you stop being able to shake the crap out of people and make them bend your will.
Because you can just walk into a store and just grab the dude and beat him up until he gives you what you want and you'd be like, that's awesome.
Sweet.
See, I'm wondering if Godfather 2, because I haven't read much about it, if it takes place further in the past, like when Vito Corleone was a kid.
Or if it's going to be just like, oh, there's more Godfather.
I think it's a continuation.
That's not as cool.
And they basically have now online multiplayer as well.
Yeah, that's probably mostly the whole attraction.
Multiplayer would be fun, though. Then you can slap your friends.
I want a Scarface, too.
Scarface, you know, and it was kind of like, oh, he didn't die.
He didn't die and he did it all again because he was so happy the first time.
Told him a tenner and I'm an idiot. Jesus.
All right. As long as this time when they do the portable versions, they don't make them into strategy games.
Because seriously, everyone comes to my store and wants to buy the portable Scarface game.
And I'm like, fine, buy it. Then they bring it back like ten minutes later.
What is this crap? It's a strategy game.
Well, you should have read the back of the book.
I wanted to run around and shoot people. I'm talking right now.
This is why people need to read the reviews and look at the back of the box. Dumbasses.
All we have is a disc. Can you look at the back of the disc?
I'm saying in general, Dan, and people, you can look online and find reviews.
I think it's a safe assumption that if the box looks the same and it's on the PS2 and the PSP, it should be largely the same game.
But it's not. So you're right. Kind of.
Oh, and I was going to say, too, I mean, we shouldn't, you know, be harking too much on the UK for having a TV drama being turned into a game.
Because after all, Ubisoft is bringing out Grey's Anatomy for the DS and the Wii.
It could have played like Trauma Center.
It is supposed to play like Trauma Center, but with more drama.
Aren't they downsizing that team?
Sadly, there's an audience.
Good developers are getting fired.
Sadly, there's an audience for that, too. You know, there are people, plenty of people that will probably buy that game.
I sold one copy of Hell's Kitchen on the Wii. One.
OK? There's not an audience for that. I mean, unless they're buying it somewhere besides game stores.
It's terrible. Why are they making all this crap?
I like cooking and yelling.
Honestly, the Nintendo Wii, and you heard it here, if you're listening, one of the dozens and dozens of listeners on Orange is on the Radio.
If you're listening, I'm saying it now, the Nintendo Wii is going to cause gaming Armageddon.
It's the return of the Atari 2600. It's shovelware.
They're putting anything they can on it to try to make a quick buck. Come on, they're making Grey's Anatomy.
No. That's terrible.
It will probably be better than E.T.
The Nintendo DS is probably that, too.
It will probably still be better than E.T.
I don't know. Really, if you played E.T. when that game came out on Atari, it had, like, music, and the character was animated.
And when you were young and didn't understand, it didn't suck that bad.
All the people who bang on E.T. now never even played it.
I did play it. I fell in the hole 50 gazillion times.
Your wife wants to say something bad.
It's because you suck at video games. Seriously.
E.T. was not that bad a game.
Yes, Atari was arrogant.
Yes, they made more copies than there were 2600s, which is terrible.
Give, give, give.
Dan.
We get it.
No, no, no.
I have the story.
Did you even beat E.T.?
No, I never did. No one ever has.
In the existence of mankind.
There's a YouTube video of someone beating E.T.
YouTube videos can be fixed, sir.
Whatever.
Yes, when you beat E.T., the real E.T. comes out, and it's actually a good game.
The real E.T. comes out, shakes your hand, and goes to space.
No, I was going to say, E.T.'s a notorious bomb, but that's because Atari produced more copies than there were a dying system.
Well, I mean, they also have, what is it, Prison Break coming out on PS3 and Xbox 360.
Why that game now?
And some other examples of really quality stuff on the Wii.
We have a game coming out that's supposed to tie into a Garfield movie that came out two years ago.
Now coming out on the Wii because it's been delayed, delayed, delayed, delayed, delayed, delayed, and delayed some more.
We have ghosts.
Oh my god.
I seriously think we're about ready to have Armageddon live here in studio.
There's a storm going on outside.
Weemageddon!
That last burst of wind almost blew over the garage door. That's going to be scary.
This is what we hear outside.
Whenever you get the little awning piece from the roof, it's like...
It'll be live on Justin.TV, too, when we all get blown away.
I will get blown away.
You're controlling the apocalypse.
You're all fucked.
Can I read a Turok story?
Rob, do your story, please.
I'm going to read a Turok story.
ET is officially banned on Orange Lounge Radio.
No way. Veto'd.
I have to say a word that I just heard.
Weemageddon.
You should copyright the word.
Copyright? Dude, bad. You should copyright that.
It's my word! I said Weemageddon.
The mats are fighting over Weemageddon.
Weemageddon getting out of here.
You can have Weemageddon.
Go back on the tape, please.
Look, moving on. Turok.
Turokageddon.
Turok, of course, was reinvented recently on the 360 and the PlayStation 3 and all that.
I didn't play it. Did you play it?
There's a franchise that needs a comeback.
Oh, wait. No, it didn't.
Apparently some folks agree with you.
Turok 2, rumor is it's been canned.
Before it was even announced.
Apparently this is because of some layoffs that just happened to Disney.
Again, this is all kind of rumored.
Had nothing to do with the poor sales of the first game.
But they say maybe Turok 2 will return to development someday,
but a bunch of the core people that were doing it are no longer there.
But here's the sad thing. Apparently propaganda games that was making this game
were also the people that were supposed to be doing the Tron game for the new Tron title.
So they all might have been sacked.
Better find people to do the Tron game, or I will personally go there with steel-toed boots
and kick every last one of them in the nuts.
Here, you want to make some money? I'll tell you how you do it.
It's very simple, okay?
You take the Left 4 Dead concept,
Jurassic Park, your surviving dinosaur attacks, and that's it.
They did that. It sucked.
Actually, that would be pretty awesome.
They did a first-person shooter Jurassic Park game.
They did a first-person shooter Jurassic Park game, and it blew.
It was scary. No, that was the one on Super Nintendo.
That scared the shit out of me.
It was the Sega CD one, but the arcade one blew too.
No, I'm talking Left 4 Dead with dinosaurs.
That would be cool. I'm down for that.
This is the game that they need to make.
This is the game that they need to make using the Left 4 Dead engine.
They need to do Marvel Zombies vs. Army of Darkness.
They did comics.
How about Goats vs. Dogs?
How about I do my story?
How about I read a chat comment real quick?
There's actually some insightful stuff from chat.
TheRobD actually says something a little bit insightful,
so I have to go to chat for insightful comments tonight
because no one in the studio is saying anything.
TheRobD says,
Is it funny that we take it for granted that a game will have a sequel, isn't it?
So we're kind of all new to Rock 2 is going to be coming at some point.
Don't we all kind of take it for granted that sometimes we're going to be getting sequels?
Well, because some of these games, regardless of the quality of them,
they keep putting out sequels.
For example, Transformers.
Well, it's because I think if the first one makes any remote amount of money,
because people aren't willing to do anything original
because they want to stick to those franchises that they think are going to sell.
I mean, thank God we have, you know, Freaky Guy bringing us Noby Noby Boy
or else we'd have nothing original.
And yet they still won't bring us Guardian Legend 2.
I know!
I'm sorry, Noby Noby Boy isn't that original looking.
It looks just like Katamari.
Well, you know the video games industry is doomed
because they made another Turok after Turok Evolution.
And Turok Evolution, for anyone who played that game, was bad.
Really, really bad. Not a good game.
Was it as bad as Superman 64?
Yeah.
And then they went and made Superman Returns, which was not very good either.
That wasn't a sequel to Superman. I mean, there's a difference between a sequel.
It was a reboot.
Yeah, that's kind of like what Turok, this last Turok was.
And actually, it was the last Turok reboot was Evolution and it was horrible.
And Superman Returns, which was not a bad game if you only paid ten bucks for it.
Sixty bucks? No, ten bucks? Yeah.
You know, you could be Superman and you could blow cars around and tear up Metropolis
and that actually hurt you.
Okay, here's a better example then.
I did not play Superman 64 expecting Superman 2600
where you would fly and then be chased by the kryptonite.
Superman for the 2600 was sweet.
Superman 64 managed to be worse than that.
Because the expectations were higher.
Because the 64 should have had a good game where you flew around and did interesting things.
Loki, go ahead. We got to keep the news moving because we're like an hour into the show.
I think it's my story actually.
Well, Hugh had a quick thought and then we'll move on.
Yeah, so I was going to say Activision, Neil, the purveyor of fine games,
decided that Pimp My Ride the game was so awesome that they're going to put out Pimp My Ride street racing.
Yes, Pimp My Ride the game. Awful, awful, awful.
I hate to say it, I have to talk people out of buying Pimp My Ride almost every day.
Alright, let's move on to some release dates, try to keep things moving forward here.
We're going to start off in the UK, Dark Sakura, what's coming to the UK?
For our UK listeners, on the 10th is Tomb Raider Underworld Beneath the Ashes on Xbox 360.
On the 12th is Flower for Playstation 3 which I really don't know anything about.
It's like flow but with flowers.
That sounds kind of cool.
Also on the 13th we have Bomberman 2 on DS, yay Bomberman.
Deadly Creatures on Wii, Eternal Sonata on Playstation 3,
Fear 2 Project Origin on PC, Xbox 360 and Playstation 3,
Kings Bounty the Legend on PC, Last King of Africa on DS,
Mushroom Men sounds hallucinogenic, that's for PC,
Shell Shock 2, Trails on PS3, PC, and Xbox 360,
Star Ocean the Second Evolution on PSP,
and The House of the Dead Overkill on Wii because you can't kill enough zombies.
Alright, very cool.
In the US there is actually quite a bit coming out as well.
Fear 2 Project Origin on both PS3, Xbox 360, and the Wii.
X-Blades coming out on PC, Playstation 3, and Xbox 360.
Deadly Creatures coming out on the Wii.
Let's see, Sonic's Ultimate Genesis Collection on Playstation 3 and Xbox 360.
You love remakes, this shit looks hot.
This game they're doing there, they're gonna be upgrading them all to 720.
Sadly they won't be widescreen.
But supposedly some classic arcade games are locked away too.
Congo Bongo is in there right here.
We did it all that last Genesis Collection.
It's like you play so many games and you unlock the arcade version of Altered Beast.
This Genesis Collection looks really awesome.
It's like 40 games, some really good stuff.
40 games for 30 bucks.
Well, and they're Genesis games.
Genesis is the superior 16-bit system, so obviously you don't see a lot of Super Nintendo collections.
I have to say, I'm sometimes not a big fan of these remakes and stuff,
but this looks pretty hot.
This isn't even really a remake, it's just a collection.
It's a repackaging.
Well sure, but I mean a remake is, you know, they make it three years.
Loco Roco 2 on PSP.
Then on the Wii and the Xbox 360 we have Oni Chambara Bikini Zombie Slayer.
Yes!
And on Xbox 360 Oni Chambara Bikini Samurai Squad.
Have you seen the cover art for that game?
This game is so epic that they made a movie for it in Japan.
A theatrical movie.
I'm going to be so broke this week.
I'll bring you some cover art. It's fantastic.
Let's see here.
Then we've also got some other crap that no one cares about.
Jake Power Fireman for the little kids.
NASCAR Kart Racing because, you know, the Wii doesn't need a true NASCAR game.
That would be insulting to its audience.
My do-it-all for the DS, which is like a PDA device.
Retro Game Challenge, which is a collection of a bunch of fake 8-bit games.
That's kind of neat.
House of the Dead Overkill, which will be truly epic.
Mass Effect is getting re-released as a two-disc edition.
They're going to have the download content in it as well.
And it's going to be $19.99, so that's pretty sweet.
And let's see here.
And that's actually it.
What's kind of interesting, though, is also this week...
Is this Street Fighter IV this week?
No.
No, that's next week.
Aw, dammit!
Ha ha!
Blame.
Anyways, also, actually technically still this week,
Fire Emblem Shadow Dragon, I believe, will be coming out next...
16th?
Actually, well, no, never mind, that's supposed to be Tuesday, so that's next week.
That game's going to be great.
And then I think Lost in the Damned this week,
or Lost in the Damned for Grand Theft Auto IV.
So that is what I'm really looking forward to.
Man, I thought Street Fighter IV was this week.
No, it's next week.
What are you still thinking, Rob?
Blame.
Well, guess what?
They get in Japan this week.
Street Fighter IV on February 12th, coming to Japan.
Well, hopefully it's region-free.
And has English options, because I can't read Japanese, sadly.
It's Street Fighter.
Yeah.
Well, I know, I know.
But then I don't get those awesome endings.
I'm just hoping that the US one has the option to turn off the dub soundtrack.
I think I heard it does.
Good.
PlayStation 3, you also get Street Fighter IV in Japan,
but you also get Skate 2 gets a release in Japan on the 12th of February,
because games come out on Fridays over there, I believe.
Also coming out on the PlayStation 2, Mobile Suit Gundam.
Another one of those games from Bandai Namco.
This one's called Giren no Yabu Access no Kyui 5.
So yet another Gundam game.
On the DS, it doesn't look like there's actually a lot of stuff coming out.
There's a game called Hitamari Sketch, Doko Demo Sugoruku X365.
And I have no idea.
I'm trying to look at screen caps for this game.
Just saying it is fun.
Yeah, I know, just saying it is fun.
It looks like it's another minigame collection on the DS,
made up of little WarioWare-ish minigames,
kind of what it looks like to me.
I guess that could be cute.
But they're all cute little Japanese schoolgirls on there.
And on the Sony PSP this week, not a whole lot,
but you do have Tenchu 4 looks to be a pretty big release
coming out over there this week,
as well as a port of the Gundam game that's on PS2 this week.
Otherwise, a pretty quiet week in Japan,
probably because of Street Fighter IV pretty much dominating.
So there you go.
There's your release dates for Japan.
So let's get back and do some more gaming news.
Well, we have our Virtual Fighter.
Virtual Console UK news coming out,
actually should already be out as of Friday,
is Clay Fighter, which is on there for 800 Wii points,
the equivalent of six pounds or eight euros.
And the other game that's on there is Sonic Chaos,
which was a Master System game and is 500 Wii points.
So it was actually the first Sonic game that had Tails playable.
There you go.
Is Clay Fighter on the US Virtual Console?
If you can pull that down, that game is great.
I stopped following Virtual Console a while ago.
I don't know if we ever got Secret of Mana.
Secret of Mana is supposed to be on the UK one, I thought.
Jeez, I don't think we got that here yet.
Seriously though, Clay Fighter, you can be a Clay Elvis fighting a Clay-like Norse Valkyrie chick.
Helga.
Fighting a blob.
Clay Fighter.
Clay Fighter.
Come on, fight them if you dare.
Clay Fighter, great.
There was a viral video making this round this week
that supposedly was a leaked Dead Rising 2 trailer.
And we know all about leaked trailers
that they sometimes tend to be not leaked by someone stealing it,
but they're leaked on purpose.
This was shot off of a screen, apparently, off a TV.
And it showed what looks to be a teaser trailer.
Basically, it looks almost like an overrun Las Vegas-type area with casinos.
One seemed to show someone in a giant American Gladiators hamster ball thing rolling over zombies.
So, to be honest, I think it's actually authentic.
And I think it is purposely released by Capcom
because the audio in it, if you notice, is actually a direct feed from the trailers.
So, it's not just shot off a TV audio.
Any idea if we're going to get some multiplayer co-op in this?
Because that's what Dead Rising needed.
It was a great game, but man, if it had, sort of like Left 4 Dead,
multiple players in the Dead Rising kind of gameplay against millions of zombies.
Oh, dude.
Yeah, no idea what it is exactly, but I know at the very end of the trailer
it actually flashes the number 2 really quick.
And there's also another scene that you see Frank Wesson in the Mega Man outfit again.
I've been in a war.
Can I say, though, that Capcom has a really good pulse on where we want to kill zombies?
Because when I saw this trailer and saw that the next one is in Vegas or whatever,
I was like, that's awesome.
No doubt.
Just like when I saw the first one, it was killing zombies in a mall. That's awesome.
There's one company that knows killing zombies, that knows slaying the undead. It's Capcom.
Let me put it this way. If this is fake, it's an amazing fake.
Yeah.
And maybe Capcom should do this if this is a fake.
For real.
But I will be willing to bet that you'll see this at E3.
Easy.
Start the buzz now.
What better way to get people talking about it than put out a trailer that's supposedly stolen, you know?
Make a demo for E3 of E3 infested with zombies.
That actually would be pretty badass.
And you killing people are zombies.
Or maybe in the reverse, you're a zombie and you're killing people.
Well, the buzz is also starting on this game. It's Saw.
The game.
You know, this is weird because I heard before that Saw was supposed to be coming out.
It was in development and then got cancelled.
Well, apparently now Konami has picked up the rights to do Saw.
I guess Brash Entertainment had started this game and stopped it.
And now Konami has actually picked up the rights since that other company closed down.
Variety was the one to actually report this.
The game is now going to be developed by Zombie Studios.
And it's supposed to come out right when the sixth Saw movie comes out this Halloween.
And I'm like, they really are on Saw 6?
It doesn't seem like something you can adapt into a game at all.
I mean, it just doesn't work for me.
I don't see how you're going to be able to do it.
You know what?
To the dismay of fans of it in the room, I can foresee this.
If Konami makes Saw and it's a hit, it will kill Silent Hill.
Oh, I know. That's the sad thing.
And, you know, because I'm thinking in my head, I'm like, well, okay.
But wait a minute. Konami's done Silent Hill.
Granted, these are two completely different developers.
I've never really heard of this Zombie Studios before.
They have nothing to do with Silent Hill.
But I'm like, well, okay.
Silent Hill is actually a pretty rad game.
So, like, if they made Saw, like, kind of like a game like that.
But I'm like, I just don't see Saw being a game like that.
I don't think it's going to work.
I think it's just going to be gross killing.
And it's sad. I don't think Homecoming did well.
They're doing everything they can to stem the tie.
They tried to action up Homecoming.
They tried to do the remake, the Origins one.
And, you know, that's all Konami needs.
If they come up with another horror franchise,
they'll probably put Silent Hill out to pasture.
Yeah, I don't know how well Homecoming did.
But I'm worried that there may not be a sixth one.
So, I hope you're wrong.
But sadly, you might be right.
So, don't buy the Saw game.
Lee M'Geddon.
But honestly, though, I mean,
I don't see how they're going to be able to do it.
It's just, it's not...
Saw isn't a franchise that's really action-packed or anything.
And, I mean, it's...
Neither is Silent Hill.
Well, Silent Hill is easy...
They'll just do the same thing, except for you'll be dodging, like,
traps made by the Saw guy.
And, you know, every once in a while you get yourself into some sort of weird ethical dilemma
where you have to kill somebody.
And honestly, it sounds like they might be able to make a pretty cool game out of it.
I'd buy it.
We'll see. We'll check it out at E3.
Just to kill Silent Hill.
Jamie, you express a lot of dish pleasure at the news of a Saw game.
Are you excited about it?
I will stab you in the face.
Oh, it might be...
If you buy the Saw game.
Saw in real life.
No, because, first of all,
the concept of Saw is, well, retarded.
Sorry!
And not very interesting.
And how can you...
I guess, you know, if Nightmare on Elm Street did...
You know, this is, I guess, our Nightmare on Elm Street for the modern age, except,
you know, Freddy Krueger was funny.
But...
And the fact that they're now rebooting Friday the 13th, right?
There's that new movie coming out.
But Jared Padalecki's in it.
And, uh...
And it does look cool.
The, uh, Nightmare on Elm Street, they're also doing without Robert Englund.
Which will not work.
You can't...
But Robert Englund in there, he's not doing anything.
I mean, seriously, who's here?
He's slowly dying. That's why they can't put him in it.
It doesn't matter!
He's old!
He's dying of old!
Anyway...
My point is, is that, you know,
Saw is a gimmick.
Silent Hill, you know, basically,
a lot of thought went into the psychology of the game.
And it created its own sort of mythology around what made that universe work.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, in other words, Pyramid Head is not a gimmick.
He's a fucking rock star.
They should stop putting him in every single game.
But my point is that...
I mean, sure, if you want mindless bullshit in a game,
get Saw. Go for it.
Buy mindless bullshit.
If you want a game that's gonna make you, you know, think a little bit
and actually use your brain...
And possibly pee your pants.
And possibly pee your pants, yes.
Go for Silent Hill.
Besides that Silent Hill 2, Chainsaw.
Perfect.
Silent Hill of Superior.
Alright, let's move on with some other gaming news.
We're like an hour fifteen into this show.
We're not even close to the end of a...
This is why Dan comes once every five years.
Dan's funny.
If you didn't want to hear from me, you wouldn't have invited me.
We like Dan. We like Dan. He's funny.
I invited my sweetie here and cuddled with him and said,
Come be on the show.
He goes, okay, and then lost his phone.
Anyway.
So the...
We gotta go to Jamie for our next story.
Oh, sorry. I didn't realize she hadn't done the other story yet.
Anyway, anyway, anyway.
Guess what we were speaking earlier about series getting a reboot.
So guess what's next in line?
Splatterhouse.
Which totally makes sense with Friday the 13th getting its reboot
because then you've got Dude in a Hockey Mask.
And freaking Splatterhouse is awesome.
I love the picture on the little article because I was the guy with the chainsaw hands.
Anyway.
And as we all know, the game is actually out on Virtual Console right now.
But they're talking later this year.
Namco Bondi is planning Quarter 3 for doing a new Splatterhouse game.
And there actually is an official site up.
If you go to splatterhousegame.com,
you can see some of the images from the game.
And you can actually now...
This is the first game that lets you use your own severed limbs as a weapon.
Yeah, your arms and stuff and your skin will get ripped off as you're playing the game
or as you're getting damage done to you.
And your limbs will grow back and you can actually beat people with your limbs.
This won't be rated M or anything.
There's a lot of controversy about this because apparently Namco just whacked the dev team for this game.
Which was a California-based developer.
I don't know if they handed it to another team or if the game is going to be back or in limbo.
I heard the Afro Samurai people might be able to take it.
Or the arm of the developer got cut off and given to the other team to use in developing the game.
This news, though, is coming right out of New York Comic-Con which was going on this weekend.
Right, so it's interesting that we hear the dev team get sacked,
yet they're showing it at New York Comic-Con going on this weekend.
Which is crazy, so it's interesting.
Oh, that's the corporate world.
Fast-paced, ever-changing world of video game development.
Exactly, but that's okay because in Splatterhouse they'll grow the limbs back.
It's alright.
Anyhow, a couple more stories and we'll get to the classic game of the week in a break.
Alright, well there is a brand new update that they did to fix the HDMI audio issues that they were having with the HDMI audio cable for the 360.
However, as with most updates, it seems, there are some problems.
And apparently a lot of people are reporting that after this update was downloaded to their Xbox 360 system,
that they received the brand new present of an E74 error message, which is one of the one red light problem.
And it's funny because that also happens to be not covered by their warranty.
D'oh! And sad trombone.
And so, yeah, a lot of people are pissed off at that.
You mean Microsoft developed a game console with a problem.
No! No!
I've taken back six Xboxes in the last week.
Was it all because of this update?
No, those things just break.
They don't have to update them to break.
Microsoft don't even worry about updating them. They're just going to break!
You look at them funny and they'll break.
Seriously?
It's like the Xbox has feelings.
You look at me funny and I'm going to shut down.
You used me to do all your gaming and bought stuff for me!
I just want to cuddle!
Oh, but you know, I love when they ask you on the phone, was it plugged into a search protector?
Oh yes, it was the search protector's fault that my console broke.
Alright, look, we got a segment we don't do on the show very often,
but when we do it, it's just because there's such stupidity that goes on out there in the world
that sometimes video games get a bad name.
That's why we have to give out a stupid award.
This week's stupid award goes to Daniel Alvarez.
He lives in Austin, Texas.
Why does he get the stupid award?
Because he got arrested on charges of assault.
Because what he did, he assaulted his girlfriend with a Wii controller.
Also, and possibly the even more hideous crime as reported,
he's also suspected of eating her cookies.
He seriously jumped up behind her with the nunchuck strap and like super spider with it.
Yes.
Like it's like a Rottwein.
Wait, I'm not done. I'm not done.
Look, like this is one of those things.
Look, we got this report off of Kotaku, and this is like one of those things that's so stupid,
I'm not wondering if they just made the damn thing up.
Like, seriously?
I'm looking at this. No, listen to this.
Apparently, Christina Alvarado, who is the girlfriend,
what happened is that she actually told the police that she was attacked by her boyfriend,
and the thing was, she was pissed off at him because he ate her Girl Scout cookies.
And he was pissed off because he got woke up to get yelled at about the Girl Scout cookies.
So I guess to teach her a lesson, he choked her with a Wii controller.
Don't you dare. Ever.
Because I wake him up all the time for eating my stuff out of the fridge.
I was going to kill you. It would not be with a Wii controller.
Well, the unofficial city motto of Austin is keep Austin weird.
That's frickin' weird right there.
So I might go ahead and lean on that one to be true.
And FYI, it does not appear to be made up.
They've linked to a source here that apparently says, yes,
an Austin man has been accused of trying to choke his girlfriend with a cord of a Wii video game controller
after she became angry that he had eaten all of her Girl Scout cookies.
You know what the gag is, though?
For the people who don't know about the way that the nunchuck works
is that all Wii controllers are cordless.
I bet that damage that any cords would not be covered under the warranty.
I wonder if that's what the defense attorney will try to say.
All she would have to do is yank hard and unplug it.
If you have the other hand on the remote, the other hand on the nunchuck.
I want to know what type of cookies they were
because if they were Samoas, I kind of understand.
They're not Samoas anymore, Rob.
No, they are always Samoas. I don't give a shit what they're calling them on the box.
I agree. And Thin Mints.
Caramel sucks a lot.
I need to know one thing.
Yes.
Was he wearing the wrist strap?
No, no. Even better, even better, did it have the condom on?
See, the mats think alike here.
I was going to say the exact same thing before Loki took the mic away.
So, yes, we need to know if it had the Wii condom on and the safety strap.
Because if it didn't have the safety strap on, Nintendo would have...
They're not dealing with that.
Isn't it even funnier if somehow during this whole struggle of him strangling her
that somehow the remote flew into the TV?
You guys are sick, sick people.
And it pains me to be associated.
They fought over fucking cookies.
They kind of...
Did you think that was serious?
At least there were no tacos thrown.
People have been trying to kill each other with game controllers for years.
I don't know if you know this.
It dates back to the 2600 days.
Back when we had the NES advantage, I could see someone getting killed with an NES advantage.
He's got a scar on his back in the shape of a ColecoVision controller.
Then there was this one time that I woke up and Jamie was just stuffing a power pad down onto my face.
She's been trying to kill me with a game controller.
Now she knows. Use a Wii remote. I'm dead.
You fuckers have killed me.
SSJ100Matt in our chat room has a great idea for a new video game.
Cookie Guy versus Taco Kid.
Dark Knight asks, does Miyamoto have to choke a bitch?
Oh boy.
We need to get to the classic game of the week and take a break and try to find our souls.
So every week here on Orange Lawn's radio,
DarkSakura likes to dig through the archive of great gaming
and find a video game she believes all of you should be playing.
It's our classic video game of the week.
DarkSakura, which should the kids be playing this week?
GORF.
Bless you.
Well, I didn't throw up yet.
GORF.
GORF stands for Galactic Orbiting Robot Force.
It's a very bizarre little game because it's like a version of three games in one.
Basically, your first level, you've got different missions.
So going through different missions will set up your rank.
Anyway, I guess what you're hearing, it's just about shooting.
It's basically Space Invaders. The first stage of GORF is Space Invaders.
The first level is Space Invaders with a big circular shield that you kind of have to shoot through.
Yeah, the second level is, well, like my husband was saying, behind the scenes,
is like Galaga where you have to shoot the little planes that shoot down.
It had the crappiest collision detection ever.
It wouldn't even shoot you and you'd explode.
Stupid game.
And then the last level was another, well, at least in the arcade version,
you had the Galaxian-type level and you had a space warp-type level after that,
which was the gyrus-like level where it's sort of a weird perspective as if you're going into the warp.
All kind of tempest-y, but not quite, as far as the perspective.
And then the last one is the flagship one where actually you're going and shooting the alien ship
and it has a shield around it, like a semi-circular shield, so you have to shoot through it.
And the game was actually supposed to be a tie-in with Star Trek The Motion Picture,
but it didn't fit in with the script, so they said no.
So they put all these great 80s space games in a blender and out comes GORF.
Pretty much. On top of that, it was actually saying here that it used the Votrax speech synthesis chip in the arcade version,
so it had the robot voice in it too. It was pretty cool.
I only played this in the arcade a couple times. I had this on the Colecovision,
which to me is just the best version of GORF ever.
I love the little music place.
But it's also saying that the GORF hardware actually was compatible,
and you could switch it out for other games like Wizard of War.
I'm going to do something here with the music.
I'm going to switch to the Commodore 64 version just because I love Commodore 64
and I see that there's one here on this.
But GORF was out on like a million different systems, it seems. Right?
Yeah, it was out on quite a few.
I think I played this on Commodore 64. This looks familiar to me.
I remember the circular shield and all that stuff. Good times.
But basically though, as you go through the levels and get to the end of it,
and I've gotten to the end of it on the Colecovision,
you get space cadet, space captain, space colonel, space general, space warrior, and space avenger.
There was a sequel planned called Ms. GORF. Yeah, I know.
Does Ms. GORF have a bow in her hair? Is that what differentiates her from GORF?
I don't know.
It was actually, I think it was programmed in fourth language.
Is that like fourth meal at Taco Bell?
Well, the programmer of GORF owns the source code
and it apparently only exists in a set of eight inch floppy disks.
There were versions on the Atari 2600, Atari 5200, Colecovision,
the Atari 8-bit BBC Micro, Commodore 64, VIC-20, and 1982.
The Galaxian mission was removed from all home ports.
It was given an Atari Jaguar port just by some guy.
You know, did it as a hobby.
And it was taken off of the market because he didn't go for any of the copyrights.
So, bastard.
I'm bored. I think I want to remake GORF.
I know, right?
Also, the current world record for GORF, recognized by Twin Galaxies.
And the...
Hey, I watch King of Kong.
I actually realized a giant fart was enough to make the high scoreboard on GORF.
Here, let me make the scoreboard right now.
As Rob puts the microphone towards his crotch.
Anyway, he also made the Guinness Book of World Records
by a guy named Todd Rogers on November 24th, 1982 at Haunted Trails in Burbank, Illinois.
He is?
Oh, apparently he's in the King of Kong.
And my husband says he looks like Ron Jeremy.
Kind of.
With the Rob D's in chat going, I hate Todd Rogers.
I know it's Todd Rogers. I hate him.
But the high score was 653,990.
I want someone to break it.
That would involve playing GORF.
GORF is fun.
I am putting out a personal challenge to someone to break Todd Rogers' score on GORF.
653,990.
GORF backwards is frog.
It would actually be pretty awesome if you could break it with a score of 666,000.
If someone, whoever manages to break that will get a no prize from me,
will be interviewed on Orange Town's radio,
and will win a shiny penny.
You also get it in the Guinness Book of World Records, though.
You might.
Alright, look.
Enough GORF.
Frog.
No, good choice.
It's definitely a game I think a lot of people have not heard of or forgot about.
So bringing GORF back to the spotlight, and hopefully that old record can be shattered.
How about a little anecdote regarding me picking that game?
Sure.
I was actually trying to think of a good epic RPG, and I was like, ah, fuck it, GORF.
Whatever works for you.
Whatever works.
It just stuck in my head.
Alright.
Anyhow, we're going to take a break while Dan and Jamie get into an argument.
We're going to take a break.
Everything she knows about classic video games she stole from me.
And then she flipped me off.
Right on the air.
We're going to take a break, you guys.
We'll be back with plenty more Orange Lounge Radio.
We have more to come in Part B tonight.
We're going to talk about Indiana Jones and a great Indiana Jones game that might be making
a comeback.
We're going to finally talk about iPhone gaming, which I promised Dan we could do earlier.
And a new project from Rockstar Games, which I'm sure has Loki pretty excited.
We'll be talking about all of that in Part B right after this.
Stay tuned, guys, with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio on this lovely Sunday evening, February the
8th of 2009, where we are doing the 312th episode of our show, Orange Lounge Radio.
We always tape live Sunday nights at AllGames.com.
Of course, if you were listening live tonight, there was a little bit of mad stuff going
on during the break.
We've kind of been joking throughout the evening.
There's a lot of wind and rain type stuff going on outside.
It seemed to have knocked our network out for a little bit because we dropped during
the break.
Our podcast listeners won't notice a thing because they just get that little break in
between there.
But we're going to get right back on with the show, so I apologize for running a little
late.
We're going to try and catch up some time here.
And I know we have folks that want to call in to talk about New York Comic-Con and all
that stuff.
So we're going to try and move a little bit quickly through news in Part B. We'll see.
I had the small announcement, though.
Oh, yes, you did have a small announcement, Dark Soccer.
I just got this inspiration during the last segment on Part A. I kind of want to do a
monthly top score contest on a classic game.
And I know not everyone has different things, so I'll pick different consoles and arcade
or whatnot.
But I will be putting something up very soon for a high score classic game contest.
And talk to our web guy about that.
Because with the new website and everything, there's now a thing where you can upload pictures
directly to our website by sending it this particular email address so people can send
their scores.
Maybe we can do a little widget or something with the scores.
We could probably put something together pretty easy.
It would be fun.
I'm still working on it.
But, you know, I used to do the game knowledge quiz back when I had Pump Up the Volume.
And I'd kind of like to do something like that again.
That'd be fun.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, anyhow, let's get into some news now.
And we'll start off with Loki.
He's bringing us some news on an old classic series, right?
Yes, Indiana Jones and the Staff of Kings was the new Indiana Jones game that they announced
for the Wii and DS.
And, you know, it actually looks pretty cool.
I'm glad to see that LucasArts is working on an Indiana Jones game.
But something that's also pretty cool is they're going to be bringing a special unlockable
for the Wii version.
It will have the adventure game Indiana Jones and the Fate of Atlantis.
Sorry.
You didn't hear that music on the feed.
My bad.
So, yeah, Indiana Jones and the Fate of Atlantis on the Wii version.
Pretty good if you don't have, you know, a SCUMM emulator on there.
Or SCUMM VM.
And this is like one of the all-time classic, you know, click and point games.
So it's pretty awesome.
Are they not doing that 360 and PS3 one that they announced?
Maybe not right now.
It might be later on.
Weak.
Well, this is also on the Wii.
So maybe just, you know, multi-platform?
Everything but, yeah, Wii, PlayStation 2, and PSP.
Because, you know, they can port that crap easy.
So, I don't know.
There may be another one coming out for the PS3 and 360.
They're still working on it, so.
Well, I don't know if you would file this under Wiimageddon or what you'd do,
but apparently EA, they made a lot of announcements this week
because they had a financial call going on this week.
And apparently they are going to be porting Dead Space to the Wii.
This says, a quote from the call, the CEO John Riccitello says,
We're bringing core intellectual properties and franchises
in categories we think have legs on the Wii platform.
A good example of this is Dead Space.
Unfortunately, what you don't know is that it's going to be Dead Space Party.
And it's actually going to be, you know, Party Spinoff
because, you know, they couldn't really do an actual legit hardcore game for the Wii.
Well, I don't know.
But the interesting thing about this is that they actually say,
and also this from a magazine interview, quote,
Go look at Dead Space and imagine playing that game with a wand and nunchuck.
If they improved the precision, then you could have a good experience.
Hmm, is it a hint that MotionPlus could be supported by this?
And imagine that the graphics look slightly worse.
Slightly.
It's like this.
If EA pulls this off, and they're a company on the upswing,
I mean, I know that profits are down and they're laying people off,
but creatively, wow, that's a great word,
you've got to give EA credit.
They're head and shoulders above where they were last year this time, you know.
They're coming off of Dead Space, which was amazing.
Mirror's Edge, which was a heck of a game.
Just a bunch of great titles coming out of EA.
If they pull this off, props.
I mean, because the Wii needs super cool games,
but man, I don't know how you're going to do it without the graphic power
because Dead Space is a game where the visuals are just so important.
Well, okay, granted, if Dead Space really is about the graphics,
then, you know, whatever, but should games really be about the graphics?
Not necessarily, right?
Well, maybe, maybe not, but I mean, play Dead Space.
I mean, have you played Dead Space?
No, because it's first person.
That game will fuck you up for life.
I'll check it out, but I just know not yet.
It's atrocious, and I think so much of the atmosphere in that game
is it's just super, super good visuals.
But I will say, one of the other games you mentioned,
I'm not usually much of a first person gamer,
but Mirror's Edge is pretty hot.
I think that game is pretty hot.
Yeah, and it's one of those things where it's like if they tried to do that on Wii,
and they could do it right and have motion controls and stuff,
hey, you know, great, more power to you.
The Wii needs these games, you know, even if it's not about graphics,
which it's not about graphics, if they could bring this game
in a meaningful way to the other system, to the Wii,
it would validate the Wii's existence
because there are too many minigame collections.
And don't get me wrong, I know for the Wii's mainstream target audience,
that's, I guess, what sells.
But, you know, they need it.
Again, if you're just joining us live tonight here on All Games Radio,
Orange Lounge Radio, live on All Games,
I just want to point out that's Dan, Jamie's husband,
often talked about on the show but rarely heard from.
But he's here tonight and telling it like it is from his experience
in working in game stores for many years.
Well, in other gaming news, especially in iPhone gaming news,
which, you know, as a person who has an iPhone
and actually plays the games on it,
I still don't know what I think about having this one on there
because it just seems like it would be cheaply easy.
But Time Crisis is supposed to be coming on to the Apple App Store,
actually already on there, where you can play with the finger of death.
Instead of shooting the guys on the screen, you tap them,
so I guess it's like punching them in the face with a gun.
And the way that you dodge is by tilting the iPhone to do your dodge move,
which I suppose is also reload.
So you can now poke people to death.
Very interesting, though, at this rise of, you know,
console gaming franchise classics coming on to iPhone.
And I don't know if it's just because it's kind of like all Namco and Konami,
but, you know, just within the past, like just within 2009,
we've had news of Katamari, Time Crisis, Silent Hill, Metal Gear,
DDR, all having, yeah, there's a Silent Hill iPhone game now.
Oh, you weren't here last week.
I have it, if you want to check it out before you buy it and spend $7 on it.
But there's, yeah, Silent Hill iPhone game now.
Don't do it.
It's not fog, it's not fog adventure Silent Hill.
It's like a dungeon explorer type thing, so just, you know, try before you buy.
That's what I'm saying.
But, yeah, there's a Silent Hill game on iPhone now.
It's crazy.
So it's just interesting, this whole, you know, barrage of stuff we're getting.
I don't think the Metal Gear Solid game's out yet, but we know it's coming.
It is in the works, at least.
Oh, geez.
Metal Gear.
It's just interesting, I suppose.
Well, you know, I was going to say another game we didn't talk about
because it wasn't our show role, but Rolando.
I don't know if you remember that game.
Oh, yeah.
That's a great game.
They're doing a sequel to that, actually, on there.
And they have, I think, they're doing a free version, you know,
like a trial version or something like that.
So that's going to be available now, but, I mean, that's a pretty cool game.
I completely forgot to mention this during my gaming week
because I sometimes forget that my iPhone has become a way for me to do gaming,
but Aurora Faint 2, the arena, I checked out and downloaded a solid,
solid fucking game.
Who made Rolando?
That I don't know.
No idea.
Aurora Faint is a hell of a puzzle game that I'm enjoying on an iPhone.
It's LocoRoco.
Yeah.
It's great.
It is LocoRoco.
That's crazy.
But one thing that you won't find anymore on the iPhone app store
is the iPhone Duck Hunt game.
Yes, the Nintendo lawyers have finally swooped in like a duck
and plucked the game off the...
Anything about the game in Watch?
And then the dog rose out of the bushes and laughed at him.
You know the Nintendo lawyer, after he laid the smack down on that stupid little company,
did the Nintendo duck laugh.
What about the Game & Watch games, though, that were on there?
I don't know.
Those may still be on there.
I downloaded a couple of them.
Yeah, I downloaded the one that was free, but I didn't download any of the others.
Reggie's going to show up at your house and personally lead them off your iPhone.
He's going to Falcon Punch us with his cock.
Show me your move.
I did want to give a quick shout-out real quickly,
because we were talking about iPhone games and Namco and all their franchises.
Not on the iPhone, but on the PlayStation 3.
I believe a Namco collection is being released or has just recently been released,
and I hear it's pretty cool, and you want to check it out.
The Namco Museum on PS3.
I think it's only in the Japanese store.
Remember, because they were tying those in also,
you can get like t-shirts and shit for home.
I think it's going to be on its way here pretty soon.
I hear you want to check it out.
I didn't come out for the 360 like last Christmas.
Well, they had the Namco. It was a Namco arcade something for the 360.
They had like a bunch of the Xbox Live Arcade games,
and then they had some other classic games and remade stuff,
and that was supposed to be pretty good, and I think it's probably pretty cheap now.
Yeah, it had some live. It was like 30 bucks, and it had like 30 games or so.
I mean, it was this really weird thing because it had games you could play off the disk,
then it had games you had to import on your hard drive and play as like live arcade games.
You know, and it had like a lot of stuff you might have already downloaded.
It had like Pac-Man Tournament Edition and stuff like that, or Championship Edition.
Yeah, it looked like a great collection. Really cool stuff.
I was really surprised they did it because I figured they'd just keep, you know,
shelling them out to us 10 bucks at a time over the network.
All right, well, we're going to get to the mailbag in just a minute.
Mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com with your emails,
but I have one more story about iPhone gaming,
and this ties in kind of exactly what you were saying a little bit ago,
and this is iPhone is growing and growing and starting to become mobile gaming.
In fact, right now, they are saying that iPhones are accounting for 14% of mobile game downloaders,
and that was in the month of November. 32.4%.
That's like a third of all iPhone users say that they have downloaded a game.
In the month of November, they downloaded some type of game.
Just to put that in perspective, across most mobile phone companies, you're looking at 3.8%.
So, you're talking like 10 times as many people on the iPhone check out games.
Is that because the iPhone gives you?
Go back a year on this show.
Just go back one year on this show before iPhone apps started coming out.
Mobile phone gaming was kind of the butt of many jokes on this show.
But in other countries, mobile gaming has been just fantastic,
but we haven't had a phone until the iPhone or the Trio or the ones like that came out
that was capable of handling an actual game with solid gameplay.
And let me say this to the chatters.
chat.orangelandradio.com, we always look at that here on Sunday Nights.
Catacos in the chat room says, well, let's get serious.
What other phone can play games on them that are that good?
Might I mention the N-Gage?
No, good. That are good.
The iPhone, you know, it amounts to like 3%, 30%, whatever, of games downloaded,
but it amounts to 100% of the decent phone games to download.
I will say this, that I did have a couple of cool games on my old phone.
It was intensely hard to play, but I did have Super Pac-Man.
Once in a while, there were even, as hard of a time as we gave them in the past,
there were, like, the Luminous one that they had on phones was pretty frickin' good for a phone game.
And the Doom RPG and stuff, they had some pretty intricate stuff even on the old-ass phones.
I did play Bejeweled on my old phone.
So, you know, but most of it was a joke because it was cashing in on the SpongeBob, you know, and all that crap.
You know, they were just crappy little games.
Spikaru says, I have an N-Gage and does NES and Mega Drive emulation pretty well.
That's the only thing it's good for.
I guess that would be a reason to have it.
Tony Hawk on N-Gage was not that bad.
All right. Let's get to the mailbag here, guys.
Mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com if you have questions for us.
Every week you guys send in your e-mails and we like to open up the mailbag and read through them.
And Dark Soccer's going to do it right now.
Do we actually get some e-mails this week?
Yes, we did.
All right.
We had a poor showing last week, so I'm glad people listened.
Rob with Two Bees says there's new box art on Neo GAF.
What's Neo GAF? G-A-F?
Neo games are fun.
Yeah, these huge forums that, you know, tons and tons of people look at.
Okay, I just haven't been there before.
Probably because there's like a million different gaming forums on the internet.
Supposedly the Williams Pinball Hall of Fame is being ported to PS3, Xbox 360.
Yes, it is.
He says I actually bought this for PSP, Wii, and PS2.
I'm curious to see the graphics.
I'm curious to see if they add some more tables.
The Wii, you know what?
Oh, God! Fun House is on the freaking cover. I hate that game.
Call Wii Mageddon as much as you want, but that Wii game was pretty awesome.
The pinballs. Dan's giving his thumbs up of approval.
Yeah, that was a pretty awesome collection of games, I gotta say.
If you like pinball, you have a 360, download Pinball FX.
It's awesome.
But Pinball Hall of Fame is great.
If they go crazy, add some new tables for the 360 PS3 versions, that'll be awesome.
It's actually a really good pinball collection, really good physics.
And honestly enough, my vote's for the Wii version because of the nunchucks for remote control.
Um, our next one, um, comes from GeekBoy2424.
Hi guys, I have come to a conclusion. I have ADHD.
Along with a little bit of OCD.
My question for the week is, how do you guys stop yourselves because the only thing that works for me is playing games?
Uh, when is, okay, I guess when I sit at my desk I can't concentrate because I can't sit freaking still.
Help Dr. Orange Lounge. Sincerely, GeekBoy2424.
Okay, well if you seriously think you might have some type of, like, you know, attention deficit disorder, you might want to see a doctor.
You know, as much as, you know, it strokes our gaming egos that you would email the show to talk about this,
you really, really need to see a doctor if you think you actually have symptoms.
Like, I don't know if this is a joke, because I joke a lot of times on the show that I have gaming ADHD
because I play a game for five minutes, then go, ooh, something shiny!
And go play something else. Like, it happens all the time.
But if, like, you're for real real, like, you have to play video games to get around your ADD that you think you have,
you might want to see a doctor. I'm just saying, we can't diagnose that.
And that's a huge liability if we even tried to.
Now that Rob has said something responsible, I say self-medicate.
Play games all the time. Just, it's not going to kill you or anything. Just play them.
When you're at your desk, what about your Game Boy?
You know, if it calms you down and it makes you feel good, it's not like you're doing drugs or something, hook it up, man.
Just remember to go to the bathroom once in a while.
When I was a young, hyperactive child, they used to make me drink coffee to calm down.
Because caffeine and, excuse me, caffeine, when you're already wired up and hyper, actually can be a sedative.
What? I'm not giving medical advice. I'm just saying what I used to do.
I'm just saying coffee's delicious.
That's not medical advice, by the way. That's just what I used to do.
Liability, liability, liability. No, I understand.
Anyway, but you know what? ADD is in your head.
I'm kidding.
Next email.
Hi, OLR. I'm sending this message from my iPod Touch with a cracked screen because my smart self dropped it on the ground while going from a friend's house to mine.
Anyway, I came to say hi because I've been listening to the podcast lately and laughed about the kid that threw a taco at his mom.
By P.S.
Oh, he didn't put any spaces or anything.
This message came from your friendly neighborhood MySpace friend, Eroka7, sent from my iPod.
The end.
Can I interrupt? I got some kind of sad news I want to read.
I just was informed of this by a chatter who linked me to an article on Bamani style that was posted earlier today.
Jason Michael Bornstein, who is kind of known more out there as Stillwind in his name, passed away on Saturday night.
He was a big part of the team at Konami of Hawaii, and he was the audio director of the Xbox series.
And part of the reason why I'm stopping the whole show to mention this and just kind of take a minute to kind of soak this all in is that
I don't know if you guys remember back when we would do the podcast and the show itself, the radio show itself, as separate shows,
but one year we had a big, big score that we had the universe soundtrack.
We premiered those songs here on Orange Lawn's radio, and I think it was like UltraMix 4 at the time before anybody else got to hear them.
That was Stillwind who coordinated all that with us here over email and was a big part, I know, of the fan community as well.
So I'm just kind of, it does not, I'm just kind of shocked and saddened to hear it, and I'm sorry to depress everybody with this news,
but I'm just finding it out myself, and this is sometimes the problems that you have when you do a live radio show is that you get live news.
I don't know, you know, Babani Style is a pretty respectable site. I don't see why they would lie about something like this, and just no.
That would be very poor taste. So I'm pretty sure this is legit and very sad, and I don't know what else to say.
I'm very sorry to hear this for his family and everybody and for the community that will have really lost something with this.
That's really sad news.
So I'm very sorry to derail the mailbag with that sad news.
He died from a ruptured aorta.
Oh, that is very sad.
Okay, but he did a lot for the show a couple years ago and did keep in touch a little while here and there, so I just wanted to pass that news along.
Sorry, please tell me the next email has like a dick and fart joke or something to bring the humor back to the show, because I really just killed it right there.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Well, hi folks. I just thought I'd throw in my proverbial two cents regarding the subject of rampant fanboyism that is often seen quite a lot on the net.
Personally, I think that no matter what systems one promotes or trashes fanboyism in any form just makes us gamers look like the mouth-breathing Cheetos dust encrusted inbred Neanderthals that non-gamers perceive us, and quite frankly, this kind of thing really needs to stop.
Big, long sentence. Wow.
Speaking as someone who has both the 360 and PS3, and a whole shit-ton of other systems from previous generations, I can honestly say the following.
There's no such thing as a perfect system.
Either there's a flaw in the hardware itself, or there's a feature service, or some other aspect that another system does better.
Additionally, just because a given game isn't on one system of choice, that doesn't mean it's a crap game.
Conversely, just because a game is exclusive to one's favorite system, that doesn't make the game the greatest thing since the invention of breast implants.
Simply put, each system has strengths as well as weaknesses, good games as well as total turds.
It helps to have multiple consoles so one has that much more options for gaming.
Amen to that.
Because you know what we always said on the show, a system is only as good as the games that are on it.
That sums it up right there. And that's from Spaznator.
Dreamcast, yo.
Dude, Dreamcast is turning 10 this year, can you believe it? I was just thinking about that. That's crazy.
I remember standing in line on September 9th, 1999.
It's interesting though that we do have three very distinct consoles that are out there right now, and all of them have decent games on them, and all of them have some pretty crap games on them.
So you have two consoles and then you have the Wii.
But even the Wii, you know, the Wii's got for it, for a particular audience, it has games people want.
Soccer moms and families, it's got a ton of stuff that people want.
But the console war right now, and while it's not a war for first place because Nintendo's got that, the console war, the culture clash in gamers right now is PlayStation 3 versus Xbox 360.
Just like last generation, GameCube was there, but it was really Xbox versus PS2.
And, I mean, I've been hitting the gaming forums for a long time, I don't just work in a game store, but I work in a game store because I'm a gamer.
And, you know, the fanboyism is always going to be there.
I own every system, and I mean every system.
They really do.
In our defense, we do not own a Jaguar.
I would if I found one.
But, hey dude, Tempest 2000 is sweet and aliens versus predators good.
Cybermorph is not too bad.
But, back on the subject of fanboyism, I always have my favorites.
You know, when it came down to Genesis versus Super Nintendo, I would argue Genesis for hours.
And my wife says Super Nintendo, they're both great, don't get me wrong, Genesis.
But, quit worrying about it.
You know, if you go onto a forum and you post about something on the 360, expect someone to say the PS3 is great.
But, isn't it, and BlackWolf is in chat and makes a great point here.
And, you know, the executives get into this shit too.
Sony says that the PS3 is a leader because the Wii doesn't exist to them, and they don't consider the 360 reliable.
So, they say that they win by default.
They win because they're all, we refuse to acknowledge our competition, therefore we are the victors.
We win because our system is made by Sony.
He's also not making that up.
They're also eating too much periwinkle.
He's paraphrasing, but he's not making that up, what are you saying?
And they're also eating too much burnt sienna.
We are the number one Sony system on the planet.
And that's fine. You know, the company is going to try to brainwash you anyway.
Sadly, no, the PlayStation 2 is.
No, that's true. And the PSP. But, pick the system that you like and fight for it.
What about the PlayStation 1?
Get on the forums and tell everyone who likes the other system that they are ass clowns.
That's right. I want to see more rap and feminism. Be into what you're doing.
Alright, Jamie's dying to read the last email, Jamie.
Dear Lord.
Last email.
You brought him. You brought him.
I know, I know, I know.
Dan, I love Dan.
I'll tell you one thing that Sony does win in, and this is absolutely, you can't really, I think, argue this.
If the systems were used for blunt force trauma, they definitely would win.
Because that system is heavy and quite solid.
360, it is pretty heavy, not quite as solid.
The Wii, well, that's not very bad. Or not very good.
You come after me with a PS3. I'll come after you with a 360 power supply.
And we'll see who gets who.
What?
Dan, please.
Okay, last email. At least Dan's rambling has mean I've gotten to eat more bread and get more crumbs in my cleavage.
Excuse me.
No. Are you done?
Okay, last email.
Hey, OLR. Love the show. I never miss an episode on the podcast feed.
It's tough for me to catch the live show because I live on the East Coast and have young twins.
I'm early to work on Monday morning, blah, blah, blah.
Basically, what I'm saying is that I have a tough time staying up as late as the show runs.
Oh, stop it with your sob story. No, I'm kidding. I'm totally kidding.
Also, I love the fact that you guys, in podcast form, help me through the monotonous parts of my office job.
Amen.
Lately, I've been sad that the feed has been so far behind.
Is there any way that you could update the feed more regularly?
I've been missing my OLR fix every week.
Yes, it got updated twice last week and will be updated twice this week and will be caught up.
We're slowly catching up.
Again, it's just the side thing of having two computers running this thing off of.
I just get far behind. I'm only one person.
We're almost there.
Regardless, I appreciate your efforts as an independent podcast and wish you many more great episodes, Boston OLR fan.
I hear that a lot that we help people through the work week.
I know it's kind of depressing when your three-hour show you relied on isn't there, so I'm trying, guys.
We'll get caught up. We're almost there.
So, great. Thanks for the emails, guys. Send us more.
Mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
I'm hijacking this mother.
Next week's mailbag. Did you love Dan? Did you hate Dan?
There you go.
It's good to get that out of the way next week because in two weeks it'll be all Street Fighter IV talk when it comes to Dan.
Word.
Loki, how about some more gaming news?
Yes, let's talk a little bit about Red Dead Redemption, the sequel to Red Dead Revolver, and it's going to be very awesome.
It's actually going to be using the Rage engine again, so very similar to what they did with Grand Theft Auto IV.
And, of course, they say that there's going to be the complete open world with strong plotlines in a massive, vibrant, rural environment.
And it's supposed to be coming out on PS3 and Xbox 360. No sort of time frame, though.
Is that one out of left field or what?
A little bit, yeah.
How about a new bully game? Somebody was just asking me about that the other night in a car ride about bully. How about a new bully game?
How about a new Warriors game? I'm sorry. The first Warriors game was awesome.
You get the Xbox Live one?
No, that's unacceptable. That's crap.
I'm sure another bully will happen.
Because it was good, and it sold. But, seriously, it's like, how many years ago was Red Dead Revolver?
Yeah, that's true.
That was like four years ago. So, I mean, you know, bullies still got two, three more years before we need a sequel for it.
But then remember when we got Excite Truck?
Excite Truck was, like, great.
Dude, I know Excite Truck was awesome, but I'm just saying, like, dude, how many years ago was Excite Bike?
I don't even see Excite Truck, and Excite Bike is even remotely similar.
The games play completely different, but they are kind of like, you know, they do.
It makes me happy that Nintendo used the prefix Excite again.
Because it did excite me.
For the third time. You got Excite Bike, Excite Bike 64, which is sweet, and if that's on a virtual console it should be,
and Excite Truck, which is actually the best driving game on the Wii, right there with Mario.
Now they need Excite Tank.
Oh, dude, sweet.
Because nothing excites me more than the thought of driving a tank.
Or actually, Excite Truck with, like, a battle mode would be pretty awesome.
Excite Humvee.
Or, hey, let's take it even better.
Instead of an Excite Bike, or Excite Truck sequel, just do another Excite Truck game, but, like, with Mario stuff.
Like, making it like a Mario Kart off-road racing game.
No! Shut up!
It doesn't need, we don't need, Mario's everywhere already.
Excite Truck 2.
It'll be very simple. Or just a new F-Zero, for God's sake.
You know what?
I'm sorry, yes, Star-Star?
Excite Jet Ski.
Isn't that in Wii Sports? Isn't the new Wii Sports, what do they call it, Wii Sport Resort or whatever it's called?
Yeah.
Doesn't that have a Jet Ski thing in it?
Yes, it does.
I think it does.
Wave Race 65.
SSJ100 Matt is flash-forwarding to E3 this year.
Nelly, that's Matt's wife, Nelly interviewing Reggie.
Why the fuck aren't you making Excite Truck 2?
I would totally...
Sad thing is, Nelly will have no idea who the hell Reggie is, so if that were to actually happen, it could.
GS68 suggested Excite Butt.
No, you can't drive a butt.
Alright, look.
How about Excite Obama?
Because, you know, Obama...
Obama is exciting.
Obama excited a lot of people with his inauguration, election and all that, and is showing up in video games, apparently.
Go figure.
And this is in Street Fighter Online, Mouse Generation.
This is not necessarily the same Street Fighter that you know and love over here.
You know, this is an online one that's been going on for quite some time.
Some Valentine's Day, they have some chocolate-covered avatars that are being released.
Okay, whatever, but what's more kind of thought-provoking is the fact that there's a new character,
and he bears a resemblance to a certain presidential figure very recently, and he's called...
By the way, the pack is called the Yes We Can Pack.
If that doesn't tell you anything, I don't know what to tell you.
And that's the most offensive version of Obama that I've ever seen.
It really is. That is very offensive.
But it's Japanese, so people go, it's cute.
I'll show you.
He has some serious buck teeth.
Dark skin, short hair, come on.
It's just the whole, you know, but it's just...
You know, I don't think anyone's going to truly be offended by it.
It's Obama and his chocolate hair.
That's interesting.
Is this Street Fighter Online? This isn't like a Capcom product.
If he's meeting a Bush, I'll download it.
I don't...
I pay money to see that shit.
Obama Punch!
Maybe if they put Sarah Palin in it, I don't know.
No, apparently, this is from a Japanese publisher.
The name of the publisher is Diletto, and they are co-owned by Capcom and Games Arena.
So this is like, this is like a Capcom thing.
This is like an official product.
Sorta.
But in another country.
Like, you know, in Japan, in Marvel Superheroes vs. Street Fighter, on the Saturn,
there was a character that they couldn't have anywhere else in the world,
because he was copyrighted, I guess.
Norimaro, right?
He was like a comedian.
Man, wouldn't it be sweet if there was a hidden American character and it was Obama?
What would be Obama's special power in this game?
We don't know.
Well, according to DJ Dark Knight in chat, a veto uppercut.
He would have all of Sagat's moves, so he'd immediately be god tier.
And I mean, he would just be like, veto, veto.
I just had this image of Sagat, but actually, as Dick Cheney,
like, in a special movie, waterboarding.
Nice.
Or shooting you with a gun, as Dick Cheney.
He would start off, like, in, gosh, which game was it where he was?
Where's Sagat?
Start off holding like Dan, and then he'd throw him aside,
but he'd start off and be like Bush.
Wasn't there, like, a guile move?
Like, it was a rumored guile move, they'd pull out a pistol or something
and, like, shoot somebody?
That was, like, an urban fucking legend.
Some kid at the arcade knew a kid who saw a kid pull out a gun.
But now with Dick Cheney.
Yeah, Dick Cheney.
But he'd only shoot his partner in the face.
Now, a hidden character in this, would this be,
would Hillary Clinton come out of the woodwork and, like,
mix some shit up with this?
I don't know what her special character is.
Or Sarah Palin might come out, who knows?
Ariel Wolf shooting right there.
Here's the thing, the chat room is quick to point out,
there is an Obama Japan.
There is an Obama Japan, according to chat,
and I did remember seeing that on TV when he won.
They were, you know, showing how excited they were in Japan and all that, so.
All right, anyhow, if you want to join the festivities,
chat.orangelandtrader.com, and I apologize to the folks on Justin TV
because I just clicked over there and I see, like, the chat is filling up there.
Like, you have Deathwishing says Excitebike64 is my favorite game on the N64.
It was a good game.
And sorry guys, it's just really hard for us to watch two chat rooms at the same time
and do a show, so sometimes Justin TV gets ignored, so I apologize.
But definitely join our main chat room, chat.orangelandtrader.com
and we'll read more of your comments as we can.
All right.
Anyhow, let's get into some more gaming news, shall we, Jimmy?
Yes.
If, God, the wind doesn't blow the garage door clear over, what?
It's like...
World of Warcraft!
God is Obama uppercutting the door.
What about WoW?
There's going to be some changes.
In the next World of Warcraft patch, we'll have some class changes, actually.
Again?
There is no more consumable ammunition for hunters.
A boost of protection spec paladins.
For real?
Like, you don't have to get arrows anymore or whatever?
That makes me happy.
That's strange.
Major improvements to the priest class, especially in group healing.
General buffs for rogues and shamans.
Efficiency improvements for warriors and warlocks, with penalty for warriors changing stances being much lighter.
Plus mana regeneration being reigned in across the board.
Sweet!
Somewhere an arms warrior is rejoicing.
You can actually find more information on it on WoW Insider.
They've got the specifics listed.
But basically, they're trying to just streamline all the classes, trying to bring all the tanking classes in line.
Level, basically just trying to balance the game.
And also make the boss fights more challenging by decreasing the mana regeneration.
The content has not gone into testing yet.
It should be going in before the release in the next couple of months.
So, keep your eyes out.
If any of our readers find out more, let us know.
Also, in patch 3.1, there will be a new raid dungeon called Ulduar, with an introduction of dual talent specializations.
Thank god! About fucking time.
That's the rumor.
Well, after the 3.0.8 patch where hunters got nerfed hardcore, I guess this is a sad consolation that,
oh, we'll no longer have to make you buy arrows ever again.
I guess that's the consolation that we get as hunters, or huntards, as I like to call myself.
It hurts my feelings that I understood some of that.
Matt2, do you think this will be enough to get me back to WoW?
Yes, short of me paying for your account again or whatever to do to get you playing back to the world of warcrack.
I actually kind of think that I want to start playing again just for a little bit.
Even though my last character was level 10.
But as Rob pointed out at the beginning of the show, all 20 of my characters, which is really 9 of them, are all Nar'zhul.
Have you been gone for more than 3 months?
Let me get you a scroll of resurrection because then we can get the uber item that lets us level up really quickly.
You'll get my scroll.
Stay strong. Don't start playing again.
No, no.
Just don't do it.
You're better off without it. It's like smoking. You just don't need that.
Yeah, but WoW doesn't cause cancer.
That's what you think.
Of course, our stigmatisms in our eyes might get worse and worse.
Dan thinks that it causes cancer to the sequel.
Is that cancer to electric boogaloo? What is this?
Whatever.
It's because it's not cool to say that things cause cancer because people are dying of cancer.
So I started saying that things cause cancer too.
Well, WoW causes electric boogaloo. It makes sense.
WoW causes electric boogaloo.
It's serious though. Don't start playing.
I don't know, but a new race engine...
You can be so much more about games when you don't play WoW.
That's true. I play so many more games when I'm not playing WoW.
You don't even know.
Satrombone.
Yes, satrombone. Low key.
Well, this is totally as far away from World of Warcraft as possible.
Battlefield 1943 is now slated to come out on Xbox Live Arcade, PC, and Playstation Network this summer.
It is going to be based on the same engine as Bad Company and will feature 24 player battles.
And they had a few different maps, including Wake Island, Guadalcanal, and Iwo Jima, which are based off of actual world locations.
I think they actually used some of the topography maps and stuff like that for that.
So, neat, I guess.
Also, around the same time, I believe they announced Battlefield Bad Company 2 as well.
Because really, if gaming needed anything besides more MMORPGs, it's more FPSs.
Thank God.
I think, if I remember correctly, Bad Company 2 is right now for September.
Now, TigerClaw says it's nice for them to go back to the World War 2 roots.
Since, obviously, they can't really do the modern warfare stuff now because Call of Duty has owned it.
I do want to go back previously because this comment is pretty funny on the past story about WoW.
Rama in chat says WoW may not cause cancer, but it can cause breakups, cheating, and marriage counseling.
I have heard that.
But the family that raids together stays together.
Alright, that's my counter-argument.
I am not going back to WoW.
I'm going to play Perfect World because I said I was going to play Perfect World.
For 30 days and you'll come play WoW.
I've been off of WoW for how long?
At it? And you're not even playing anymore?
I'm not even playing right now. Why am I trying to recruit people?
Alright, because I know Matt 2 is going to succeed in his efforts to try and get me back.
Yes, I am.
Anyhow, going back to EA.
I am, really.
And their conference call they had.
News about Battlefield was not the only thing to come out of it and some of the things we talked about in Part A.
But also Mass Effect has been confirmed that Mass Effect 2 is going to be multiple platform.
It's not going to be Xbox exclusive.
That's straight out of the mouth of CEO John Riccitello.
Mass Effect 2 is going to be multiple platform.
Also, Bad Company, the other Battlefield game, will be back on consoles in the year 2010.
So, some point like January to March, but who knows?
Really? I thought it was 2009, but I guess it's going to be delayed a lot more.
Probably even more than that.
What, Mass Effect?
No, the other one. The Battlefield Bad Company.
I thought Mass Effect was a Microsoft Game Studios owned franchise.
I didn't think Bioware carried it over with them.
Well, here's the thing, and I bet Black Wolf and Chad is right. He's saying it right.
He's saying exactly what I'm thinking.
Multiple platform equals Xbox 360 and PC.
I bet you that's exactly what it is.
Doesn't mean suddenly we're going to see PS3.
And plus, we've also seen, you know, who knows?
You might get a Mass Effect spinoff on the DS.
Because we have seen that Microsoft is not opposed to letting their stuff go on, yeah, less effect.
Dual effect.
Seeing things go on the DS, Viva Pinata had a game on the DS, so it's possible.
No, not Viva Pinata, Mech Assault.
That would be an awesome game, like a mech game, but they're just giant pinatas.
Well, they've done Mech Assault on the DS, and it was not very good.
But they did it. It was a Microsoft franchise.
They did it. It was a Microsoft franchise.
That's all I'm saying.
But I was a completely different game, but it's kind of big like some of these Mass Effect games and stuff.
Borderlands, I actually watched some gameplay footage of.
And that thing's going to be epic, and I think it's going to catch a lot of people off guard.
Because it's almost like Oblivion and Fallout with just a lot more fast-paced first-person gameplay and vehicles.
And Mad Max.
Alrighty then.
Well, let's move a little bit away from that world and go to a different kind of virtual world altogether.
The world of Sims.
I love The Sims, because I like building houses apparently, and then not doing anything.
Sims 3 actually has been talked about, but it's been delayed from the February 20th release date to sometime in early June.
They're actually speculating June 2nd, with the non-PC versions being sometime later than that.
They're also saying that the games will be released on PC and Mac and iPhone, iPhone Touch, and other mobiles.
But the release date only really goes for the PC version.
So, oh well.
Yeah, too bad.
Well, I mean, they're delaying a lot of stuff, so not surprised.
And you know what?
News of all these game delays.
I don't know about you guys, but I just get ticked off when I hear about all these game delays.
Because, you know, I get my hopes up to play these awesome sounding games, and then, aha, gotcha, delayed.
And, you know, when I get ticked off like this, we start playing the angry music, and it causes the angry segment of our show to happen called the FUs of the Week.
Music
FU.
Yes, this is the FUs of the Week.
The best part of the show.
FU to my work for deciding that I need to help back up people on the phones, even though I don't get a single damn call, and it'll really suck because I've been having a really bad sore throat from my sinus infection.
So, FU to the phones and talk to the people.
FU the person that parks next to me at my apartment complex because they're parking right on the line and they haven't moved their car in like four days, and so it makes it almost impossible for me to get out of my car.
I would really do some damage to their car, but someone's already keyed it, so apparently they do this other places as well, so.
Ah, fuck them.
I actually don't have a lot of FUs of the Week.
I had a pretty good week, so FU to me being so happy, I suppose.
But, um, FU to, I'll say this, FU to sleeping in until noon and still feeling tired.
I hate that. Have you ever had that where you sleep so freaking much?
Although that's not the case because I didn't go to bed until five last night, but I have had this happen before where, like, you sleep so much that your eyes hurt and you're still tired.
I've had that happen. That sucks. FU to that.
Okay, Dan, do you have any FUs of the Week you want to share?
FU to people who get bent about push release dates.
There's other shit to play. Find a different game. Seriously. Those dates don't even exist for you.
Those are for retailers, like me, so I know when they're coming out and I know when to start pushing the product.
You're not even supposed to know them! FU all.
Dan, we just have to work in this segment somewhere in the show, so just wait a second.
You die. You die twice. I hope you get electric boogaloo.
FU to being alive.
Matt, too! Do you have any FUs of the Week you'd like to share?
I haven't thought this far ahead, but I guess FU to Weemageddon, the potential impending Weemageddon that may cause more console wars with each other.
And the Jerry Breckenheimer movie that will follow called Weemageddon.
That's right. That's right. It'll make millions upon millions of dollars.
But I do agree that there are two main primary consoles in the Wii U for that one special demographic.
FU to you for stealing my stolen word.
FU, because you thought that first and I happened to say it.
It's not even copyright.
That's why I said I stole it, and then you stole it from me.
Alright, FU both.
And then you stole it from him.
FU both. We're getting back into the news.
Loki doesn't even want it anymore.
We'll add a prefix to FU. S-T-F-U.
Oh, snap.
Oooh.
Alright, Loki. Do we have any more gaming news? I hope so.
Yes. I was going to say, I'm going to now copyright Super Weemageddon.
The Super Weemageddon.
Well, a game that will not be featured on the Super Weemageddon 64 will be Puzzle Quest Galactrix.
Really? Because they do manage to port those Puzzle Quest games to everything.
It is sad.
It could be on Super Weemageddon 64 already.
It will be coming out on DSPC, Xbox Live Arcade.
Apparently the PC version is coming around on February 24th.
The Xbox Live Arcade date is unconfirmed, but you know me being the guessing man that I am.
I would say since the, I don't know, maybe probably the week after.
Puzzle Quest is cool. I was really afraid you were going to say it was cancelled.
It's cancelled.
No.
What? No Atari 2600 port?
It's cancelled for Christmas, and Christmas is cancelled as well.
Puzzle Quest is awesome.
Happy Hanukkah!
Although where the Galactrix thing comes from, I don't even know.
Galactrix comes from the fact that the game is different and it's set in space now.
And they changed the engine. Like, you know, now it's the whole hexagonal thing.
But it's pretty cool, actually. If you've played the demo, it's pretty addicting, I think.
Just put friggin' Puzzle Pirates on Xbox Live Arcade game.
Seriously. Seriously. Seriously.
It's really meant to be a portable game, though. I can't see sitting there.
Yeah, Puzzle Pirates would be an awesome DS, like, MMO.
I can't see playing, like, Puzzle Quest on my 360.
But I could totally see playing that on the PSP.
Also, out of EA, some other news. It's not related to Puzzle Quest, but one other little piece of news that's out of EA.
Apparently, they are now going to be getting the Bourne series over there.
Or, I guess what's going on, it's not just really the Bourne.
What's happened, they've picked up the rights to publish games that are based on Robert Ludlam stories.
He is the guy who made the Jason Bourne series.
So, apparently the first game in the series is going to be made by Star Breeze Studios.
No word on exactly what that game is, but...
Because the first game was so awesome that they really needed to make a sequel to it?
You know, I'm not surprised these games sell pretty well, though, because the Bourne series is kind of one of those series that...
You know, a lot of people don't talk about it, but a lot of people watch these movies.
You know, all of them broke 100 million at the box office.
Matt Damon!
They all do very well, yes, because of Matt Damon.
What other books has he written? I mean, I'm not really familiar with...
It is a Bourne title they're working on, by the way.
I'll start with The Bourne, and end with, like, something.
The Bourne Cakery.
Nice.
Okay. The Bourne Cooking Mama. No, I don't know.
So, there you have it. EA has picked up the Bourne rights, and who knows what else from the same author.
The Bourne Oven.
I like this idea of picking up rights to authors' stories, though.
Like, could you imagine, like, you know, J.D. Salinger rights getting picked up?
We'd have The Catcher in the Rye game.
Hey, we've had Discworld games before.
Roald Dahl gets picked up. We could finally have Charlie and the Great Glass Elevator, the game.
It'd be pretty amazing.
It was certainly better than that shit-tastic Charlie and the Chocolate Factory game they put out a couple years ago.
I'm picking up the rights to the Bible.
Sorry, those little offshoot companies already did Bible adventures. Hello?
I don't know if, like, God's rights are for sale.
I pick the...
I'm so glad you didn't have a mic when you said that.
I pick the rights to the gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster game.
I am going to do a Flying Spaghetti Monster game.
Fine, I'm buying the rights to the articles in Playboy.
Seriously, if you want to make a badass game, license the Oblivion Engine and the Bible.
And just combine them. How fucking nuts would that be?
Or as Frisbee puts in the chat, SuperChristPuncher64.
Jesus, punch!
And if you die, you just get resurrected.
You don't really have to buy the rights to the Bible. I think it's in public domain.
So if you wanted to make that game, you could make it.
Then why do they sell Bibles on TV?
No, seriously, I'm selling the rights to the Bible.
If you want to buy a Bible, I'm your man.
Ray Bradbury, you go around burning books in, like, Fahrenheit 451. I can just see it now.
Please, more gaming news that isn't related to religion.
Flying Spaghetti Monster.
Final Fantasy VII, Advent Children.
I said not religion.
For some people, Final Fantasy VII is a religion.
These people need lives.
At any rate, the Blu-Ray edition of the movie will have a dub soundtrack.
Which is why I'm importing that bitch.
And not because Final Fantasy XIII demo is going to be on there at all.
Oh no, not for that or anything.
No, never for that. No, it's going to have an option.
I do want the Final Fantasy XIII demo.
But it actually, if you do buy that Blu-Ray version though, it's going to have the English voice track.
Did you download the HD Final Fantasy XIII trailer on PlayStation 3?
No.
I seriously think I got a boner from watching that trailer. It was pretty hot.
Noise.
I'm hearing way too much about cocks on this show tonight.
At least we've had a mention of boobs.
Speaking of cocks, Guns N' Roses Chinese...
Wow, Loki just won best transition ever. Congratulations.
Guns N' Roses Chinese Democracy album is coming to Rock Band this spring.
Yeah, no word on the price, but it's coming.
Don't worry, it's going to be delayed.
It's going to be coming actually February 28th, so that's kind of soon.
And then also, Rock Band is going to be getting some new download content with the re-release of Pearl Jam's X album.
They're going to have a code for three bonus tracks in Rock Band.
Very similar to what they did with System of the Down.
I think they had three tracks that were available with their album as well.
So you can probably bet that these will be available as well later on.
But the three tracks will be available for free download.
Brother, Alive, and State of Love and Trust.
Rock Band is costing themselves some serious cool points.
First was the janky way you had to pay 40 bucks for ACDC Live, which you can get for 30 bucks now.
The second is the whole Chinese democracy thing.
Come on, quit trying to stuff like these giant packs on us.
It's terrible. Terrible stuff.
Making us buy ACDs. Just put them up on the network. Come on.
Well, it's going to be on the network. The Chinese democracy thing is going to be on the network.
Yeah, but see, that just sucks.
It's not that I'm trying to say it's like, oh, they're doing it that way.
I'm just trying to say it's like, come on, bring us something that's relevant that we want.
Axl doesn't deserve to be rewarded. Axl deserves to be punched in the face.
And the ACDC thing, I want ACDC Live, but I don't want to pay 30 bucks for it.
When it hits 20 at Walmart, I'm there.
I'm excited about Pearl Jam. That is their single best and only fantastic album.
How long is that album? Are we out?
Yes.
That is one of the last CDs that I have ever owned.
That every damn track on it was fantastic.
Can we seriously get a Journey album right now?
No shit.
Seriously?
And it's not that Pearl Jam isn't good.
It's just that Journey's better.
Right. But I don't want to buy 10 again so I can get three rock band songs.
And yes, there's a there's a egregious dearth of Journey.
There needs to be way more of it.
Every Journey song would be great.
For real. That's what they need to be selling at Walmart, is the Journey game.
What is the one that's on...
Any way you want it, that's the way you need it.
That's great. But I mean, there's...
So much more. So much more.
A little more story for you guys, then we're going to open up the Skype line.
We love our music game roots and we have to mention music games whenever we see new ones.
That's right.
I don't know if this one exactly would qualify.
It's a game called D-Pad Hero.
That's right. There's so much love out there for Guitar Hero and everything that this whole thing started.
That they have actually made a retro demake, not a remake.
I don't know how you feel. I know you love remakes.
I don't know how you feel about demakes though.
D-Pad Hero. That's right. It's Guitar Hero, but you use the D-Pad to play the game.
And actually, there's actually a little video that leaked on YouTube here.
I shouldn't say leaked, but they actually put it out here kind of showing how the game works.
If you're hearing the noises in the background there, that's what I'm trying to load here in studio.
Although it's kind of having a hard time buffering.
I was so sure you said D-Bag Hero at first. I didn't even...
Like Douchebag Hero?
I don't think that would play exactly the same way.
I was like, what? Oh. Oh, okay.
No, not D-Bag Hero. D-Pad Hero.
Sorry. Enunciate.
Alright, I just need to clean my ears or something.
Anyhow, I don't know why the video's not working, but it's not.
But apparently you have all these different...
But the thing is that you actually...
You guys know he's making that up, right?
You actually get these music things in NES style.
So it actually has, speaking of Guns N' Roses, Sweet Child of Mine that you can actually play in like it's NES style.
There you go. I really want to see if we can get a...
Because they actually have this too.
They have Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger in this game as well by Daft Punk.
Let me see if one of these other videos will work here a little better.
Let's see, here's a little...
And these little things fall down.
Looks like you actually hold the D-Pad in a certain direction when you push the button.
So it does have a little bit of a challenge to it.
And there actually is a little audience that rocks out.
See, there's like one guy bobbing up and down there in the background.
This song is awesome.
This is actually a pretty faithful remake of the song.
And Amae Satsuma in chat says,
He wants Tea Bag Hero. I don't know about that. Featuring an all Madonna soundtrack. I don't know about that.
Alright, that's going to do it for news right now.
Let's go to the Skype line, but actually we're going to take a call right off the top here.
We actually have some people sitting there waiting on hold.
Callers, you guys there?
Yeah, we're here.
Hi. Hello, hello. This is Rama and SSJ100 Matt, correct?
Yep, we're here.
So why are you kids calling us tonight? What's going on?
New York Comic Con.
Ah, that's right. Of course, our New York City listeners.
I'm sure you guys were banging down the doors of New York Comic Con.
How was it? Tell us about it, you guys.
You first, Matt.
Well, I had a lot of fun.
I mean, this is the first Comic Con I went to because this is the first time I've been back in New York for a long time.
But, Comic Con has kind of turned itself into, you know, a normal comic convention into, you know, just a whole geek fest of everything.
And now, this year, they kind of expanded the game section.
So now half the convention is more so video game stuff.
And they had a lot of new games there that I was excited to play, so.
That's cool. It sounds like it's practically turning into the San Diego Comic Con because they don't really talk about comics at the San Diego.
No, they do. But, I mean, a lot of it is Hollywood panels.
Like, when I heard there was a Sarah Silverman show panel at Comic Con, I'm like, what the fuck does that have to do with comics? Nothing.
We read comic books, so we should have a panel. I don't know.
Comic Con has long since been perverted away from comic books.
Apparently. But that's okay. We like gaming, so that's pretty cool.
And I just want to point out, guys, as well, since we are kind of getting used to this whole new Skype setup,
they can't hear the Skype calls on Justin.tv, and that's just one of the downsides to the way things are wired now and have the better sound quality.
So, sadly, if you want to hear both ends of the call, you have to be tuned into All Games Radio, where we're turning in live.
Sorry, guys. We'll see if we can fix that in the future, but can't do it right now while we're on a call.
So tell us about the types. What games did you guys get out there and actually play?
Well, actually, to tell you the truth, it was very, very easy to play a lot of the games.
I was surprised, because I went there on Saturday, where it was the busy, busy day, where everyone was there.
So I had to wait about 15 minutes, probably, per game to get up a game.
But I could spend the entire call talking about every single game there, but I'll just talk about three.
The three that I got a chance to play were MadWorld, which is coming out for the Wii.
If anyone hasn't seen it, it's kind of like if Sin City was a Wii game.
Interesting. So this is a nice departure from Wii Mageddon, which has been talked about earlier, and I've heard about this game before.
MadWorld, Dan?
MadWorld. We got to check it out last September.
You a fan?
It's pretty hardcore for a Wii game.
It's kind of got a Killer7 vibe, if anyone's checked out Killer7, but it's hyper-violent.
It's all black and white, except for when you're laying out some carnage and then you get a lot of blood.
Definitely one of the coolest titles for the Wii.
What did you think, Matt?
I thought it was great.
They had a challenge in the game where you basically have to shove guys into a pit, and every couple of minutes a giant thing just drops down and crushes everything in the pit.
It was funny. Every single time you throw a guy in, they get crushed. A pool of blood slowly fills up, and more guys you throw in there, they start drowning in the blood.
It's a pretty brutal game, and it might get me to buy a Wii game.
Interesting. All right. That's a pretty hearty endorsement. What else did you check out?
Another game which I think Loki would be interested in is Grand Theft Auto Chinatown Wars for the DS.
I heard this was out on the floor. What did you think?
When I originally heard they were going to make a Grand Theft Auto DS game, I was kind of skeptical, but when I got a chance to play it, I got admitted. It's a pretty good game.
It kind of goes back to the old top-down GTAs, like GTA 2, but the animation is very smooth and everything. It's got a lot of cute gimmicks in it.
If you're calling for a cab, you basically whistle into the DS for the cab. It's got a lot of cool things like that.
Is there any special thing for when you want to get the hooker to blow you in the shooter?
You've got to hold some money up in front of it and crinkle the dollars together.
Seriously though, if you want to see what Grand Theft Auto is going to look like when it's on Nintendo 64, there you go. Chinatown Wars, baby.
They've got a little thing in there where it's like Dope Wars, if you kind of remember that from old handheld calculators and all that.
That Dope Wars was awesome.
Loki, anything you want to say about the Grand Theft Auto Chinatown Wars?
Looks neat. I'm planning on playing it.
What was the third game?
The third game, which I consider was the best game there, was the Ghostbusters game.
I've heard some good things about this. Tell us a little bit about the Ghostbusters game. What's it like?
It's kind of like what everyone seems to think it is. It looks and feels like Gears of War, but with Ghostbusters.
What version did they have there?
They had every single version. They had the PS3, the 360, and the Wii version. The Wii version is the only one that looks different. It kind of looks a little more cartoony than the others.
It's just as fun. I managed to get to play the Wii and the 360.
I heard that the Wii was an FPS version where you use your remote to capture ghosts and your nunchuck for movement.
The 360 version is more like a third person shooter.
You basically use the nunchuck to throw the trap and all that.
That's awesome.
Matt, I've been letting you do all the talking, but Rama, did you go too? What did you check out?
I was mostly in the dealer's room, but I was able to check out one game. I think it's a game that everybody loves. Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Turtles in Time.
It was there to celebrate the 25th shell-a-versary of the Ninja Turtles.
The shell-a-versary. I heard there was an old school Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles arcade machine there.
Yes, and there were crowds upon crowds for people to jump in and play.
Isn't that sad that with all these new games that are making their debut there, you have Jumpgate and Prototype and Madworld and WrestleMania and Conduit.
People are lining up to play TMNT 2, the arcade game.
Because quality persists. That is an amazing game.
I'd be in line playing that.
The last E3 we got to go to, there was a DDR and 2DX machine that year and there were people that were playing it all day long.
And I'm like, dude, you guys are at E3 and you're playing fucking DDR?
Was that a recent mix of 2DX or was it like an old one?
It was a mix of 2DX that you can't really get at the time. Wasn't here yet.
But the DDR mix I don't think was anything new. I think they just had Supernova.
So it was kind of surprising.
Was it Supernova 2? I don't remember. It was a while ago.
It was a while ago.
Anyway, enough about a years old con.
Actually, I don't think it was Supernova 2.
Oh, it doesn't matter.
It wasn't out.
I want to hear about New York Con.
So you got to play the new Turtles thing and how was it?
The new Turtles game, I'm not sure if they had it on out for own.
I didn't think so.
They just kept advertising it.
I do know it was pretty much from the people that did on Smash Brothers Brawl.
So I think this is going to be a good title that they're working on.
Well, we'll see. I'm a little skeptical because some of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles games are kind of ass, but we'll see.
Did anybody see Hawks?
It was on display.
Yeah, I got to play Hawks.
How was it?
It's like a very polished Ace Combat.
Sweet.
And yeah, it's a lot of fun.
I like shooting things with jets.
Alright, so really quickly guys, then we're going to let you go because we've got to get some more calls because we're kind of running long tonight.
But best thing you saw at Comic Con, Matt?
Aside from the Ghostbusters game, there's a new game called Prototype, which is coming out for the 360.
It's awesome.
It's everything what Spider-Man Web of Shadows should have been. It's really brutal and free roam New York City mutant thing. It's really great.
Alright, and Rama, best thing?
It has to be a tie. Number one, the Ninja Turtles arcade machine.
And number two, the attempt at breaking the Guinness Book of World Records for the biggest amount of video game cosplayers and one shutting.
Did you break it?
No. The record was 342. There was 90 of us.
Street Fighter IV there?
Maybe next year.
I suppose I think it was. I don't know.
Was it your favorite?
Wait, what?
You saying Street Fighter IV was there and it wasn't your favorite?
Okay.
Well, I didn't see it there.
Ron Tron.
Yes?
We need to do that at Fandame.
No, because that title has got to come back to the US.
We need to do this at Fandame.
Alright.
Before I go, if you see pictures of us at the video game shoot, you'll be seeing me in the back holding up a giant Super NES.
Nice.
And actually two quick last things. I'm posting pictures in the chat regularly.
Awesome.
And also one very last thing. Expect a care package of schwag coming in the mail.
Oh, you guys are the best.
I love the fans. We don't even have to go to these events and we get goodies. Love it.
Thank you guys so much.
Not a problem.
Have a good one, kids. See you later.
Speaking of our fans doing nice stuff for us, I would like to personally thank IkumaJP for the box of puka.
Which, by the way, I do still have some of the nom noms in the house if you guys want some of the nom noms.
Alright, we're going to go to the phones. Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hi, this is Spazinator.
Hey Spazinator, what's on your mind?
Two quick questions.
With the Xbox 360, do you know if there's a hard driver available that's bigger than 120 gigs?
Not yet. It's just a matter of time, though.
Well, the reason I ask is because I hate to see it, but my hard drive is running out of space as it is.
Also, secondly, can you think of any retro games that you would like to see released for any one of those three systems?
I'm sorry, run that by me one more time?
You know how retro games are kind of big and they're constantly getting released for all three systems, whether it be Wii, Virtual Console, the PlayStation 3, or XBLA.
Can you think of any game that you would like to see released for one of those three, or are you pretty much all set?
Mega Man 10.
What, that will be released, or that was released?
You would like to because he released.
Mega Man 10 at some point would be awesome.
As long as they stay with the Mega Man 9 series and do a Mega Man 10, that'd be great.
Mega Man 9 was awesome for all three systems, but of course was the best on the Wii because it was just the most authentic retro, new retro experience.
I'm surprised that, I mean, I'm not surprised, but Bionic Commando Rearmed would be really nice on the Wii if they decided to do it.
I don't think the game that needs to be remade, that was out before its time, and I mean, I know that I hate this game and I hate the fanboys for it.
Although I approve of fanboyism and go for it, love what you love.
I really think that the game that needs a remake, needs it for anything powerful enough to run it, is Final Fantasy VII.
So I'd like to see Final Fantasy VII remade for every console with state-of-the-art 3D graphics and the storyline re-translated so it makes sense,
and more party options, and just kind of the fleshing out that it really needs.
But you know if they make it they're just going to dumb it down, it's going to be simpler and easier than it even was before, which was too easy to do.
But at least it'll have real nice CGI.
Yeah, I definitely agree with you. I'd love to see a remake of VII, you know, because I used to love that game.
Unfortunately I don't have my copy of it anymore, so if they ever do release the game again, I'll buy it.
I'll buy anything but the DS, you know, because the DS will just basically be able to do it as it originally was.
Well, thank you for taking my call.
You are welcome.
Alright, you have a good one.
Take care Spazinator, have a good one.
I don't know whether Final Fantasy VII would fit on Xbox Live Arcade, that's the only problem I see going on with that, but who knows, we'll see.
Yeah, because you know if they wanted to make it, Microsoft wouldn't make an exception.
We'll see. Alright, we got another call.
Hello, this is DSMaster25.
Hi, what's on your mind?
Not much. Urban got a PSP 2000, but it's kind of flukey on me, I buy it used.
Wait, I find this ironic, because your name is DSMaster, yet I'm looking at your logo on Skype and your call is about a PSP. Please explain.
Basically, I was desperate for one, because I wanted Skype and everything, so I figured why not buy a PSP, so basically I did.
You wanted what game?
I wanted to use Skype, portably, but the Skype zones were not in America, so the only other option was a PSP.
Interesting, okay, okay.
So basically, I bought one used, now I have this cracked on my screen, and now my start button, my select button, my home button, all that doesn't work.
It sounds like you have a broken PSP. I would recommend replacing it with a new working one, preferably a 3000 series, because if you wanted to use Skype...
He said he bought it used, I'm curious, did you buy it used at GameStop?
Yes.
Sad trombone.
Well, did you buy it like that, or did you buy it nice and you made it like that?
Because if you bought it like that, take that puppy back. Hopefully you were smart enough to buy the extended service on it.
Unfortunately, I was dead broke by the time I bought the PSP, so I didn't have any money to buy the extended service.
Sad trombone.
What was wrong with the PSP now?
This is just a sad trombone call.
Basically, the home button, the volume buttons, the screen brightness, and sound...
Do they not test these things? Do they not notice him scratch on the screen, or a big crack on the screen?
Because I know when you have to go trade stuff in there, it's like, does this shit work?
Well, here's the deal. You're about to get an education as to the inside workings of used game stores.
They get ranked on how much they get traded in, so a lot of times they'll let crap slide, and then they get ranked on selling you stuff.
So they're going to try to foist it on you.
Now, there are game stores like mine where if you bring me a system, man, I'm looking for a reason to say no, because I'm a jerk.
Honest. It's like, you bring me an Xbox, I've already got five Xboxes. If that thing ain't pristine, I'm like, take it home with you. I don't want it.
But at the same time, it's like, if you bought a system from GameStop, and it's broken, you have a guarantee. Hopefully you didn't buy it that long ago.
Take that puppy back. Make him exchange it for a nice one.
If you bought it months ago, and you've just been dealing with it being all broken, and you let it go, I mean, you better go to the manager and bank.
And just, you know, don't be a jerk about it, because he'll dig in, but, you know, hopefully they can give you some satisfaction.
Don't try to be like, well, I want a new system or my money back. Just be like, look, I'm not looking for anything more than the same unit in nice shape.
You know, that works for what I need to do. You know, systems get tested, but it's, every store is run by different people.
That's why there's bad, you know, GameStop as a corporation is reasonably evil, but that's just like any corporation.
They're there to make money. There's good stores, and those stores deserve you to go shop there.
And there's bad stores, and those stores deserve for you to sit outside in your running car, and when they come out at night, just run them over.
And then maybe they'll get some good people in there, and you can have another good game store.
Orange House Radio does not actually endorse this thing.
So what you're telling me-
Okay, they may not endorse it officially, but you know they're all down with it.
I'm down with it.
Hey, so what you're telling me is basically go back in there, because my 30 day guarantee has already passed, because I bought this on December 22nd.
Otherwise, you know, the buttons and stuff not working? I mean, which buttons are not working on there?
The home button, the volume buttons, the screen brightness, and the sound equizer.
For what it's worth?
Wait, wait, wait. Hold on. Stop, stop you guys. Okay, so basically all the buttons on that bottom row, right?
Yeah, except for start. That's the only one that works.
It sounds like the ribbon cable's loose in there, so that would be easy enough just to take it apart, and you can actually plug that back in if you want to do that.
And then replacing the screen's like 30 bucks, I think.
Well, that's if they stonewall you on just giving you some satisfaction.
I believe GameStop has a one month guarantee on a used system. Get that puppy back ASAP.
Now, if you chopped a game crazy, we'd give you a 90 day guarantee without you even paying any extra money.
Nice, nice. Now here's the thing.
Plug, plug, plug.
For what it's worth, your call sounds great.
And you'll be funny with the PSP system. I don't know if you could do one on them where you buy a used system and swap it for the broken one.
You sold me a busted system.
They're serial numbered, but I mean, you know, if you want to try a fast one that's on you, I can't tell you to do that or not tell you that.
That's up to your quality of being a human being.
But, hey, I won't say I've never done anything like that.
I think I'm going to wait until I get money, and then I'm going to buy 3,000.
You know, go back. And then I'll use this one for like emulators.
That's a good idea.
I think the advice too would just be, you know what, go in, anyone else that finds themselves in this situation, go in, be nice about it.
Don't be a dick because no manager is going to want to do favors for you if you're a dick.
Go in, be nice about it, and see if they'll do a favor for you.
And if not, run them over with your car.
But your other idea was great, especially if, like Loki says, there's a ribbon cable in there.
If you like taking crap apart, and you're out of warranty and can't get any help, take that puppy apart.
PSPs are awesome inside.
There's all sorts of cool stuff you can do with them.
You can blow up their batteries and lose pieces, change the color of the buttons.
Turn them into lasers?
No, but seriously, there's a lot of stuff inside there.
If someone took it apart to, I don't know, do something, you know, they may have accidentally fucked something up.
Because it's pretty easy to do that because I've done that before when I took something apart.
Oh, the ribbon cable's not all the way in, and you have to really shove that puppy back in there, and then it'll probably work.
Because it sounds like that might be the issue, because all of a sudden the buttons won't just die.
It's the ribbon cable.
Yeah, one of the janky things about used PSPs, you've got to watch out.
No, but basically what happened was I bought it, and all the bottom row buttons were working just fine.
And then the Monday show after, I was listening to you guys in the shower, okay?
Oh, so now it's our fault.
No, no, no, no.
Now, see, this is just getting weird in reverse.
Basically, I'm trying to change the volume, and I'm reaching through the shower curtain, and I think I might jump some water, but I don't know.
Well, see, okay, now wait a minute. Now this is all on you, buddy. You broke your PSP.
Okay, keep this one for use in the shower, and you're doing it, and keep it away from the water.
What is the water?
I'm just curious, is this an OA verse that you've been listening to in the shower?
I'm just curious.
If you do want to use it in the shower, they do sell waterproof cases you can put on the PSP.
All right, DS Master, we've got to let you go to get some more help.
I'm just saying, if that's your thing.
Are you all soapy?
Good luck.
DS Master, good luck to you, and next thing, if you do get a new PSP, keep it out of the bathtub.
By the way, the only reason why I bought this one was because I was speculating about the scan lines on the 3000 model.
Now I figured it's not such an interesting issue.
It's all the same, it just has a mic.
All right, good luck, PSP, DS Master, whoever you are, and have a good one, okay?
All right, bye.
I don't know if that guy's ever called in before. I might have been a first-time caller, so that was a good call.
I like the... Oh, good times. We'll try to do at least one more call here and then wrap up the show.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
It's Death Wishing. Hey, what's up?
Well, hi, Death Wishing. You're a first-time caller too, aren't you?
Yep.
What's on your mind?
I'm kind of disappointed with a lot of stuff I see in this year for gaming.
In this year of gaming, in 2009 in gaming? How so? Just because it seems like there's nothing to look forward to?
I know it just started, but it's just... I don't know. This summer seems a lot more droughted.
I can already tell this summer it's going to be a major drought for gaming.
Do you think it might be that everybody's trying to keep it in their pants until E3?
That's kind of one thing I've been trying to tell myself as much as I might be lying to myself.
Maybe people are trying to keep it in their pants until E3.
That would be different.
You've got to remember, games and game developers are like plants.
And their water is money. And there's no money out there right now.
So things are quiet.
You've got to actually think, this summer there's not going to be crap anyway.
You've got to look towards the fourth quarter.
They're not going to be making announcements about the fourth quarter until mid-spring,
when they've gotten through the Street Fighter IV and the Resident Evils and the Killzone II.
You've got some... I mean if you actually think about it, this is a great spring for games.
There are some just nice AAA titles for every system.
Nintendo had a great Christmas, at least in the States with the Wii.
I know they're having a lot of trouble in Japan.
But really, I think that if you look at a lot of the release lists and whatnot,
there's a lot of cool stuff coming out for everybody.
Skip the Summer, there'll be a big title or two, but it's not going to blow any wind up your skirt.
And then just look to the fourth quarter, man.
That's where all the big games are.
Dan does have a point, because our economy is in such shit right now in the US.
I don't know if you're calling for the US or wherever.
But the thing is, it seems like on this show, week after week after week,
we've been reporting, this studio has closed, this studio has closed, this studio has closed.
So damn, we're kind of lucky to be getting to get any games at all at this point.
But I do kind of agree. I feel that same frustration.
It seems like every game comes out at Christmas.
It seems like the rest of the year, and we don't know what's coming out at Christmas yet,
because they're going to wait and announce all that stuff at E3 probably.
You're going to see all the Christmas titles.
But right now, especially on Nintendo, it seems like there's nothing to look forward to on the Wii.
There's a couple gems here and there on 360 and PS3.
Maybe your Street Fighter IV. There are some little things here and there, but not enough.
Gamers get spoiled. They expect big releases every month.
Maybe because Hollywood spoils us. There's a big movie every week.
Movie games still happen.
So don't get me started on movie games.
You're not in the first two years of any console's development cycle now.
They've all proven what they have to prove, except for Sony.
Look at Sony's lineup. They've got three killers.
They've got Killzone, which is two weeks a week away.
They've got Uncharted 2, which if you have a PS3, Uncharted is fantastic,
and it's really good, and you should have played it.
And they've got God of War.
Microsoft is kind of like, oh, we've got ODST. We've got Halo, but it's not really Halo.
And they've kind of let their big franchises slip away from them.
Nintendo, there was an article not far back.
Nintendo's got half a dozen really cool releases coming up for the Wii,
but it's all your ma and pa mainstream stuff, except we've got Punch-Out on there.
Punch-Out for the Wii should be pretty cool.
But not as cool as Street Fighter IV.
Dude, I don't know if Punch-Out is awesome.
But it's not Street Fighter IV. Punch-Out and Street Fighter IV.
The Wii and the PS3 and the 360, they're two different worlds.
What does Mike Tyson have on a Hadoop, honestly?
Dude, have you played Mike Tyson's Punch-Out?
If you threw Ryu in there against Mike Tyson, he's got a one uppercut knockdown.
But there's Ryu and Ken, and one's Hadoop, and one's Hadoop.
I'm not a Hadoopkin. It's going to take off a third of your life.
Mike Tyson takes off all your life with one punch.
And if you don't dodge all those punches, you can't even block him.
He made Shang Rong look like a sissy.
You know what we have now? We have Obama with the veto uppercut.
I fought Akuma last night in HD Remix, and I got beat uncontrollably hard.
But at least I could hit him. Mike Tyson and Punch-Out, your ass is grass.
Put in 0073735963 in the password. Fight Mike Tyson.
If you beat him, then I'm going to give you your props.
Wait, let me ask this as well real quick.
For what it's worth, are you a 360 owner?
Yes, I do own a 360.
Does it still work?
Okay, honestly, I'm on my second 360, and I had it from release.
Okay, me too. I'm on my second one after release too.
But actually, what I just kind of want to ask, I don't know,
but just kind of also something that can kind of tide you over,
is that don't forget, you still have coming out every week,
not just Xbox Live Arcade games, but community games.
And I realize there's a lot of poop out there in the community games,
but there's a lot of pretty awesome stuff too.
And you know, when you consider that in the retail world,
you know, we get poop as well, like Fusion Frenzy
and that fucking Crosswords game that I played this week.
It was god awful.
You know, you get a lot of that stuff.
There's some pretty cool stuff that comes out too.
So if you're feeling like, damn, I need a fix of something new,
check out the community games.
You might not see anything that's going to blow you away,
but you might see something that, you know,
a neat concept for a game that keeps you entertained for a little while,
which is, you know, what a game should do.
And when you consider those community games are dirt cheap,
eh, it's something.
And look past the big franchises.
Bionic Commando, which is coming out in a couple months, a month or so.
Looks great.
Mad World, which we talked about a few minutes ago.
It's mind blowing.
Halo Wars is actually pretty fun.
You know, there's a lot of stuff coming up this year,
but maybe it's not Devil May Cry 5.
Maybe it's not Halo 4.
Just, you know, let that stuff lay for a while.
You know they're going to rehash it.
They're going to spit it at us.
There's going to be a marketing blitz.
You know, there's going to be Grand Theft Auto 5 and 6 and 8 and 10.
But, you know, here's your chance to branch out.
Try some new games.
You know, just because they're not beating you down with another AAA title
doesn't mean there aren't super high quality games by great developers
who still have jobs, knock on wood, and will be blowing you out of the water.
And like I said, look to the fourth quarter,
because there are big names announced.
Especially if you don't have a Sony, you know,
go for God of War is going to be, you know, blamed by the better.
Badass.
All right.
Death Wishing, we've got to let you go to close out the show,
but thanks a bunch and thanks for tuning in tonight.
We appreciate it.
Love you.
All right, see ya.
I think so.
I love you too.
We love you too.
Okay.
We have last minute stories.
Huh?
Yeah, we do have some last minute stories.
I do want to make an outbound call real quick.
This is an important one.
We do want to do one more call.
This is outbound, because this is important.
We want to get this person on the show.
And unfortunately, the way our Skype is set up,
we have not been able to get like incoming.
We just get bombarded with everybody, which we love.
You know, we love the fact that so many people are trying to get through,
but there is somebody we wanted to talk to that couldn't get through.
And we want to talk to him now.
Deke, are you there?
Yeah, I'm here.
Can you guys hear me?
Yes, we can.
How are you?
Oh, not bad.
Tired.
It's 10 30 here.
The reason why I'm letting you have cuts tonight and come to the front of the line.
You get cuts tonight is because Deke,
you've got the mastermind behind our new website that is out there
that the folks have been looking at.
Have you been happy with the feedback?
It looks like a lot of people like it tonight.
So far, yeah.
I've only heard maybe one little thing wrong with it,
and I'm pretty sure that's got to do with the database move
from the old website forums to the new one.
And so that should be pretty easy to take care of.
I was honestly thinking in the back of my mind
that the site would have to be reset.
Like I was like, okay, we'll just have to start over with the forums.
You know, our news will probably have to start from square one.
And I was like ready to accept that.
And then when I looked at the new site today, I was like,
holy crap, he got everything migrated from the old site.
That was pretty impressive.
So props to you.
Oh, no worries.
You know, it's my job.
This is what I do for a living, so I'm used to it.
Yeah, so we don't pay you, so I mean, I hope the day job does.
Send you cookies.
Yeah, we will send you a token of our appreciation, don't you worry.
But what did you want to call in and talk to the listeners about tonight?
That was pretty much it.
I just wanted to get your guys' responses to the new website
and just find out what you thought.
If there's any changes you wanted, just, yeah, that's pretty much it.
We'll talk to you offline about some of the little stuff.
I think we're going to write some new things to maybe replace some of the dated things,
even though you did copy them over from the old site.
I think some things could use an 09 update, you know, like where the podcast is at and everything.
But other than that, I mean, the site itself looks great.
I love the idea of people sending in their own pictures.
I hope people don't abuse that, so we have to lock it down.
Yeah, I'm going to keep track of that and make sure nobody kind of abuses it.
I want to see cocks popping up all over the place.
No cock shots.
Dar Sakura on break took a picture of me eating jelly beans just randomly
and uploaded them to the thing.
So I don't know, what should I hold up?
Oh, how about cookies? Let's hold up cookies for this,
and we'll send it right to the website right now.
There you go. I just posted one of myself posing next to the website a couple of minutes ago.
Nice. Very nice.
I like it.
Well, we're very excited about it, and we hope to have it launched maybe next weekend even or something, you know,
just as soon as we get some of our new authors on board,
because I know Tiara's getting ready to write some game reviews for us.
I'm so excited, and we're going to have regular content again.
I could just tinkle. I'm so excited.
Awesome.
Not in here.
All right. Well, Deke, thank you so much, and please send our thanks along to your family as well,
who I know have had to put up with you working on the site, and we really appreciate it.
No worries. Take care, guys.
All right. Take care, Deke.
Australians are cool.
You know, what's funny is that he's actually living in Canada now, though.
Canadians are less cool, but okay.
It's going to pass because you're there.
Well, he definitely still has the Australian accent, but I think it's a little bit of both.
Very cool. Very cool.
A very international family one way or another, so we appreciate that.
He's an Australian guy living in Canada, listening to an American show.
The Internet is an amazing thing.
All right. That's going to do it.
We are going to wrap up the show.
Sorry to those that didn't get through on Skype.
I know a lot of you were getting through, but I also was very happy to hear some new callers get through tonight.
That was pretty awesome, so thanks and shout out.
Thanks to the guy who ate up all the time because his system was broken because he's using it in the shower.
Well done.
I think the Justin TV things actually kind of helped us get some new listeners,
so I'm really excited to get back on there.
I don't know. I don't think watching a radio show is that exciting,
but we'll see what we can do about the TV in the future.
Maybe we'll get a Switch box and actually play games.
I don't know what we can do. We'll figure something out.
I can fix it so the audio, you can hear everything next time.
That's easy. Just splitter your speaker out and then into the...
They don't want to hear about the wires.
We'll make it happen one way or the other.
You guys got to see it in here. It's a wiring idea.
It's awesome.
They're going to take a picture.
When I move...
So you can see what they go through so you can hear them.
I can't live in this house forever because I'm a renter,
and someday they're going to kick me out or I'm going to want to actually buy a house.
When I move, it's going to suck.
Anyway, that's for another time.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
This is going to be a three-hour show this week, but that's all right.
First off, I want to say Matt, too.
Thank you so much for being here.
I'm sorry you didn't get to say more tonight,
but we'll talk more about PC games in a future week.
You will come back and join us again, correct?
It's Dan's fault, yes.
No, yes. I had a blast. Thanks for having me.
PC gaming is more my niche, but yeah.
Tell us, and we will do more PC gaming in the future.
There hasn't been a lot this week, and we actually get the emails.
Why don't you ask to talk more about PC gaming?
That's why I was like, Matt, too, probably sent one of those emails.
It needs to come to the show a little more often.
I do want to say, though, for the folks out there who listen,
who can't join us in studio, how is it different when you're listening to it on the iPod
and when you're here in studio?
It's actually a great way to kill two to three hours of my afternoon at work,
which is quite spectacular.
Quality is good, easy access.
How's it different being here live?
Oh, being here live? It's colder in the garage because my office is a balmy 72 degrees.
It's definitely different. There's definitely a lot of wires around.
It's a lot of fun.
At times I feel like I'm a little behind the times with all the wealth of knowledge that's in here.
I feel like the noob.
But when we started talking about WoW updates, I felt cool again.
Dan's pointing at me. He's about to say something profound.
We'll work on you.
He says in the world of WoW, you are the king.
Sadly, possibly, but no, there are people that out DPS in the tank.
In here anyway.
In here? Okay, cool. I'll take that title.
Sometimes I hear a term involved. I'm like, I know what that means.
DPS, sweet.
No, I had a blast. Thanks for having me.
I look forward to next shows where you'll have room for me.
Of course. Anytime, anytime.
Dan, what can I say? Thank you so much for being here and bringing in your input.
The chatters love you.
They want you to be a regular guest on the show.
Please come back again, Dan. We had a lot of fun.
Even if, even if your wife is a little pissed, you keep taking her microphone.
Maybe we'll get two mics on the couch next time or something.
Don't bet on it.
All right.
I am not pissed. It's just.
No, she's fine.
You are a butt face.
That's great.
He told her the mic was off.
Dark Sakura, do you have any final thoughts?
Oh, I didn't even ask for last minute stories.
I'm such an asshole.
Last minute stories quickly.
Dark Sakura.
There was a guy named Danny Johnson, 14 of grapevine, Texas.
Shut up.
Who actually set a new world record in guitar hero at a Guinness world records event in Manhattan.
He scored 973,954 points playing dragon forces through the fire and the flames.
And from what I read otherwise, um, he actually broke a button while doing it.
He broke his blue button and, uh, he was mad at himself.
He didn't hit a hundred percent.
He only hit 99 percent.
I'll link the video in the chat room.
Loki, did you have any last minute stories?
Yeah, just some real quick stuff.
Namco is planning on rebooting the dead to rights franchise in, um.
Dear God, why?
I don't know.
Um, interesting, I guess.
And then, um, some other stuff.
Apparently some dude, uh, threatened to blow up the Bomberman devs because he had a problem with his Bomberman game, I guess.
He had sent them 11 terrorizing emails during a four month period.
He was at the company and finally decided to do something.
He was unhappy with the quality of Hudson products.
He was just getting into the spirit of things.
I know.
We have one more contribution.
Mmm.
Oh, jeez.
And then, uh, Telltale Games is bringing Wallace and Gromit to a PC and Xbox Live Arcade this spring.
I heard about that. It sounds awesome.
And then the last thing, and this is completely retarded, but, PlayStation 3 apparently is going to start supporting Ambiex.
What the hell is that?
Ambiex is a stupid little thing that you plug into your, it's, it's right now for computers.
It has, like, colored lights that change colors for, depending on the scenes that are in your, um, game.
Then there's also, uh, fans that blow hot and cold air at you and it vibrates and craps.
Think about it. That could be cool.
Yes, and craps.
And craps.
You can say, hey, this sucks shit.
And it's all, pfft.
Wow.
That could be a feature in Excite Trucks 2.
Now the Trucks crap.
I mean, why not? You can see those, you see those guys, like, that drive down the freeway and they have the balls hanging from their trucks?
Why not? Now they can crap, too.
Don't justify that behavior, Rob.
I, well, I think that's the most vile thing possible.
If you have that on the back of your truck, take it off your truck and choke yourself with it.
Um, seriously.
Please die.
Also, I have one quick last minute story, or I'm gonna get the crap kicked out of me by you.
I'm gonna get the crap kicked out of me by Travis and John over at Undersedation Live.
Um, the, I believe they're down to like, I wanna say like 32 games, or 16, how many are they at?
2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12, 13, 14.
They're down to like the top 32, I think something, games right now.
Um, in the March Madness.
There's just a shitload of polls right now on our forums.
Make sure you vote if you haven't.
I believe tomorrow at midnight is when the next round closes and it's gonna go on to the next round.
I'm sure somebody will post a link and chat there shortly.
And I wanna also apologize, I missed Travis' bachelor party.
I was out of town last night and didn't get John's message until very late.
But we are sending Travis all our best here from Orange Launch Radio and Jenna.
And, uh, hope for the best for them for the future.
Hugs and kisses.
So.
Finally?
Yes, yes.
Oh my god, this is fantastic!
Yes, where have you been? Alright, yes.
Marriage is great, isn't it Dan?
It's more than I could have ever imagined.
And I mean that.
Yeah, I guess they're doing the totally cliche Valentine's Day thing, you know, with this weekend coming up.
We got engaged in theory on Valentine's Day.
Do you know what I did on Valentine's Day?
Sat home and cried and ate lean cuisine.
That's what I did.
No, I'm kidding.
But ours was really cool and nerdy because we were watching UHF and eating French bread with spinach dip and drinking munch fries at Swine.
I will say one of the coolest Valentine's Days I had was when the ex and I went to the Star Trek experience.
Or not the Star Trek experience, but the tour. We went to the Star Trek tour at Long Beach.
That was a pretty nerdy test at Valentine's Day, so, you know.
Some people get married, some people boldly go where no man has gone before. What can you do?
Which kind of are the same thing.
Alright, congrats to Travis, sucker.
No, actually, Jenna's the real sucker, actually, in that relationship.
No, we love him. Sorry I missed the bachelor party. I was out.
But yeah, thanks to all you guys for tuning in and listening to us, whether it be on Justin TV or on All Games Radio or on the podcast when it gets updated, which will be sooner than usual.
And that's it. We'll see you next week. We're gonna do it all again next week, right?
Well, now everyone knows what my home life is like.
Heck yeah. Alright. Quickly, final thoughts. I didn't get final thoughts. Dark Soccer, your final thought.
You know what you're doing.
My final thought is Warpcore Breach, yum. Loki.
I need a Cage Man song.
Alright, that's gonna do it. Thank you guys so much for downloading-
Rock and punch!
Thank you guys so much for downloading and supporting-
Weeb and Geddon.
Shut up! Thank you for downloading and supporting independent podcasting. You guys are great.
If you like what you hear here, remember we don't charge you for this or anything. We don't run ads during the show.
Please leave us a nice review somewhere. Until next time, Super Weeb and Geddon!
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com.
Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific Time. The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com.
But we're probably right anyway. See you next week!
