Tonight, February 22nd, 2009, a new American McGee's Alice is announced, DSI and Rhythm
Heaven get release dates, and will we soon be seeing more red on Xbox 360 elites?
Hello everybody out there on the internet, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge
Radio. We are that show that broadcasts live every week on AllGames.com, Sunday nights
dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle. My name
is Rob Roberts, I'm here with you every week, as well as the one and only, Dark Sakura,
Jamie Summers.
Hack.
How are you doing?
Hack.
Hack, cough, die?
Yes.
What are tonight's Oscars, which we're competing against, apparently?
Um, fart.
Okay, fart, the motion picture, for best picture. Also say hello to tech master, Loki, who's
chowing down on a sandwich over there. How you doing?
It's not a sandwich, it's a burger.
Oh, a burger, sorry. You guys are making me hungry, I haven't eaten dinner yet.
Okay, fine.
Alright, good, good. Any predictions for tonight's Oscars?
Slumdog Millionaire is gonna win.
Yeah, I think it's gonna be pretty anti-climatic in that way, but, you know, it's funny, having
done this show on Sunday nights for the past, you know, what, seven years almost, this is
like the fifth year or sixth year in a row, we're not able to watch the Oscars, so you
kinda get to a point where you don't care anymore.
I don't care.
It's just an awards show, it's just another thing for people to, you know, pat each other
on the back, whatever, and then charge millions and millions of dollars of advertising for
it, so whatevers.
Anyhow, let's get to a more important topic, and that is video games.
Games.
Or dark soccer, fine, we'll do both, dark soccer and video games. We'll always start
off the show with how was your gaming week. So dark soccer, tell us a little bit about
your gaming week.
My gaming week was fantabulously uneventful, but hey, I did actually play stuff. I played
some City of Heroes and more like made a whole bunch of costumes because it was fun, and
I, actually Dan and I were watching videos last night comparing the different versions
of, you know, the Oendon games and Elite Beat agents, and then we watched Wall Street Fighter,
which is probably the most hilarious and wrong thing I've ever seen on the internet in my
entire life this week.
Also played some more Order of Ecclesia, the Castlevania game. I need to actually go back
and work on my Symphony of the Night game since I've started it and got like to one
save point and was like, haha, going to bed.
Also, did some thinking about doing tabletop gaming and then went meh, so that's really
about it for my gaming week. What about you, Loki?
I played Eat the Burger. No, actually, I played a few things this week. Mainly Lost in the
Damned, or Lost and Damned. I just wanted to add the other the in there. The new Grand
Theft Auto expansion is pretty cool. It's short. I don't know, I kind of like the style
of it more gritty. Some of the things that they've changed are good, some not so good.
Especially with the multiplayer. For one, the helicopters, they really tweak. They gave
the helicopters explosive rounds and they made them like, fragile. So you run into one
little thing and your helicopter is on fire already. But, because they have explosive
rounds, you can blow up a car and people really quick. So that's kind of annoying that they
had to go and tweak all that. They really did the explosive rounds for that chopper
versus chopper online mode, which is alright, I guess. But, you know, they could have just
limited the explosive rounds to that mode instead of, you know, fucking everything up.
Then they did some other stuff that doesn't make any sense whatsoever. Now they have different
preferences where you have to set your preferences on your phone before you can actually go into
an online game. Say, for example, you're hosting one. Your preferences for auto-aim, for the
cops, and for, well, if you're doing free mode, friendly fire on or off are locked into
whatever your preferences are. You can't change it on there, which is really retarded. I understand
why they did it for, you know, if you're searching for a game. But as far as hosting a game,
you should be able to change those options without having to back out of everything and
it's really retarded and caught us off guard with that kind of stuff. And, for free mode,
they took out the helicopters. There's no fucking helicopters for no reason whatsoever.
So that makes no sense at all. I don't know why they did that, so it just complicates
things even more. It's just, why are you taking out options instead of putting, you know,
options back in or putting additional options? Now, granted, you don't have to play these
options on. It's only if you're playing The Lost and the Damned. But, I mean, it's still
annoying. There's no reason to take the helicopters out. At all. But other than that, it's pretty
fun. So, you know, what we normally do at lunch, you know, me and my friend, we just
kind of shoot each other with the helicopters anyway, so we just play a deathmatch instead
of free mode. Big deal, it's the same thing. So, that's fine. But, you know, the game itself
is pretty fun and, you know, we'll be getting into a little bit more of it. There's some
stuff they did for controversy that I don't get it and it's stupid but whatever. But yeah,
it's kind of fun. But, sadly enough, I've only spent a few hours on it and I'm already
almost done with it, so. Do you think overall it was worth the money that you have to pay
for it? Yeah, it was enough. I got it for five systems, so. It was like pretty much
buying a new game, wasn't it? How much is it? About fifteen bucks? Twenty bucks each.
Twenty bucks, whew. I had store credit, so. Well, at least that's something. No actual
money was being spent. That's good. And then, other than that, I also played Noby Noby Boy
or like I'd refer it to Baby's First Tapeworm. Basically, this game, I haven't really figured
out, I mean, obviously the point is to stretch as far as possible. I don't know how you do
that, if you eat things. From what I found, eating things didn't really seem to do anything,
but hey, maybe it does and I just don't notice it. But, basically, you're this kind of weird
tube-like creature that looks like it could have been straight out of, you know, I don't
know, just, of course, the Katamari universe and then everything that's pretty much in
this looks like it's straight out of the Katamari universe. I don't know, it's a weird game.
You kind of get bored with it after a while, but I've been trying to stretch my character
out. I've gotten to the point where I'm so long that I actually, if I stretch out up
or down, it'll go so far that it thinks I've fallen to my death, which, you know, you can't
really die in the game, you just kind of pop back out of your chimney. But, you can eat
things and then you'll poop them out. And it's funny, because stuff will explode out
of your ass. Let's get some comments from our chat room, chat.orangelaunchradio.com.
You can always join us when we tape live on Sunday nights at 6 o'clock Pacific Standard
Time, 9 o'clock Eastern Time. We got Biohaze starting us off tonight, making some comments
on Grand Theft Auto 4. They took out Helis, I didn't know that, I haven't explored much
anyway. It was worth it, especially that grenade launcher drool. The grenade launcher was kind
of crap, but the auto shotgun's pretty sweet. But yeah, they took out helicopters out of
free mode, only free mode though, so that doesn't make any sense. I don't get it. Comment
from Tigerclaw, so Noby Noby Boy is like Snake, you get bigger as you eat stuff. Well, I don't
know if that's the case, you just stretch. You have to like, kind of, um... Wouldn't
stretch imply getting big? Yes, you stretch by getting bigger, but it's not necessarily
eating things. You basically stretch out. I don't know if it's eating things that does
anything. I don't even know what the eating things part does. But I've just been stretching
by like, you know, tying myself around things and just kind of, you know. And it's weird
though too, if you stretch too much, you'll break in half. Which is weird, because that
caught me off guard. I'm like, what the hell, my guy just broke in half. But luckily if
you hold the triangle button down, you'll spawn back into your house, and you'll be
all one piece again. So I couldn't figure out, once I split in two, how to actually,
you know, connect myself again. I tried eating myself, but that didn't work. And then, kind
of along the same lines, I played a Flash game called Don't Shit Your Pants. What? Please
explain. You're a guy standing there, and you have to take a shit, and you have to not
shit your pants. It's a text adventure game. And basically you type in what you need him
to do. You have to tell him to take off your pants, pull door to bathroom. Where did you
find this game? You have him take off his pants before he opens the door to the bathroom.
Well you can do it. Have you played this too? No. You can do it in any order, but yes, that's
what you have to do. Take out pants, take off pants, pee, go in the bathroom. But you
can like, you know, you can shit on the ground. The basic object of the game is not to shit
your pants, but you can shit on the ground, shit in the toilet. They have ten different
achievements for different things you can do. It's interesting. But yeah, that's pretty
much my gaming week. Awesome. You know, what is it though with, did you find this game,
because I noticed kind of a theme on PlayStation Network recently that a lot of their big games
don't give you much explanation on what the hell to do with them. No, I didn't know what
the hell I was supposed to do in that. It gave you nothing? It says there's no objective
whatsoever, but like, you see the girl stretching out in the space, but you don't see how close
she is to another planet or something like that, because she's just really fucking far
out there. Has she hit the moon yet? She's probably gone beyond the moon, but the only
planet you can play is Earth. And you can kind of generate new maps and stuff, but they're
all kind of the same, and I didn't really get it, what I was supposed to be doing. If
I was supposed to be eating stuff, or you know, what? Because I'd eat stuff and I'd
kind of travel through my body like a snake, and then after a while, once I filled up,
and I clenched down too much on my back end, it would poop it out with a nice fart. It's
funny seeing people getting farted out, you know, single people at a time, and cats. I'll
play it during the break. Alright, alright, I'll check it out. Let's see, I also played
a pretty big release on the PlayStation Network this week that also gives you very little
explanation on what the hell you're supposed to do. It's called Flower. Flower, I'd honestly
best describe it. Honestly, it's a racing game, in my opinion. It's a very, very different
type of racing game, but it's kind of a racing game. I don't know, maybe that's not the fairest
way to describe it, but you certainly have an acceleration button, and you tilt to control
it, but it's more of like a free reign thing. Basically, what you're trying to do, it's
difficult to describe this game because there's no real demo for it, and the trailer doesn't
give you an exact sense of what to expect from this game, but basically you start as
a flower petal, and you travel through using the wind to accelerate and tilt, basically
like you're controlling a car. I mean, they say you're using the wind and all this stuff,
but basically you're controlling the flower petal like it's a car. You expand other flowers
and collect their petals. So suddenly you're this giant stream of petals, but what you're
trying to do is you're trying to, if you can unlock the flowers in certain patterns, then
it causes the terrain to shift, like it might cause the wind to kick up and a cliff of rocks
will topple over or something, so you have a new place to go. And it seems like in every
stage, it adds a new element to it. Like in stage five, I think it is, there's electrical
poles you don't want to touch or you get scarred. I don't know if you lose petals or what have
you, but they're basically bad things. In one stage, you basically leave light trails
wherever you go, and certain areas you want to paint with light, essentially, to get to
the next area. You know, that being said, although this game sounds very kind of like
artsy in design, it is. I mean, this game is beautiful. It's one of the most beautiful
games I've played in a long time. I mean, it really does, especially in the high definition
on the PlayStation 3, it really just looks like a painting in motion. I mean, this game
almost seems like somebody sat there and said, you know, how can we show those assholes that
say games are not art? What can we do to prove them wrong? And it seems like this game is
almost like a byproduct of that. But, boy, the game is just gorgeous. I mean, especially
when I was playing the night stage, which was like the fourth stage, it's a stage that
takes place completely at night and you're basically painting with lights and everything.
It's just, oh my gosh, the game is just beautiful. It's one of the most beautiful games I've
played in a long time. For a download title, that's pretty impressive. So I really enjoy
the graphics in the game. And, you know, although the game is a little simple, it's not going
to take your whole day to beat it. I would say you can get through all six stages in
about two hours tops, maybe three, I don't know. The game does leave some elements to
be explored, such as there are secret pedals that you can find in stages. There are secret
areas to go in in different stages. I mean, the game is very open. It doesn't give you
a lot of description as to what you're supposed to do in the game, so there is a lot of exploration.
That's a very big element. There's really a seventh stage, too, that's the credits,
which plays slightly differently in which when you're exploding the flowers, basically,
you're also collecting the letters of the staff in the game, which is kind of a cute
idea. You know, and the trophies are, they're challenging, but not that challenging. You
know what I mean? So it's pretty easy trophies, but will take a little of your time to get.
All in all, I think it's a pretty good title for download. And $10 is a fair price, considering
it's, you know, just the sheer beauty of the game, and I think it's something that's very
easy to pick up. You use the X button, and you use six axis to play the game. That's
it. You tilt the six axis to move, which doesn't play as bad as you might think, and you use
the X to accelerate. That's it. That's basically the controls.
That's the controls for Flow. Which was their other game. The same developers who made Flow.
There's actually a Flow reference in the game, and one of the trophies you collect is Flow.
A Flow trophy or whatever. So, yeah, I enjoyed Flower. I would say pick it up. I could see
that they're probably going to expand this game later on, maybe with some extra stages
and things, and I think that would be okay. I do think they need to put a demo out for
it, so that people can really understand what it's about, but I understand because the game
is a bit short. That's my biggest complaint about Flower is that it is a bit short, but
I think, you know, ten dollars for an experience that I think most everybody in your house
will kind of get a kick out of. You know, literally anybody can pick up this game and
play. I think it's worth it. It's pretty cool. So, yeah, I do recommend Flower.
Also, a big part of my gaming week was taken up by Street Fighter IV, which I picked up
on the Xbox 360 as opposed to the Playstation 3. You know, I had decided last week I'm going
to buy this on the Playstation 3 because I have Playstation 3 hooked up with HDMI, so
my games look that slight bit better. It's hardly noticeable, though, and better controls.
But then when I walked into the store, I was like, eh, you know what, achievements, more
people I know on Xbox Live, I'm just going to get it on 360. So I did. I bought it on
360. And the controls aren't terrible, but it is difficult, especially with some of those
characters that really rely on rolling motions for their moves. For instance, one character
I love to play is Fei Long. I think he's an awesome character. I love his moves. I love
his fighting style. I like playing, I loved him in Super Street Fighter II. Turbo, I like
playing him now. However, one of his special moves is basically, if you've not played him
before, is basically three fireballs all in a row. If you want to do this ya ya ya thing
all in a row, you have to do like three fireballs very quickly. And it's hard to do on the Xbox
360 original controller. Very hard to do. It almost makes me think I'm going to need
to pick up an arcade joystick if I'm really going to want to be able to be any good at
this game, especially online. When I play characters like Chun Li, I don't have a problem
at all, because most of Chun Li's moves are back and forth, or up to down, or back to
forth. So, that's, you know, that's easy on the Xbox 360 stick. And I'm looking at
chatroom, chat.orangelandradio.com, and Gunstar in chat says, get an arcade stick, Rob. And
I'm thinking... Hey! Is that your husband? I think so. It might be. I know that's the
name he'd use. You know, I might need to invest the money to get it. But the question, here's
the question. Do I love Street Fighter IV that much? And I, granted, I could get use
out of this on other fighting games I play. Like, Soul Calibur IV is pretty awesome. I'm
sure there'll be, like, maybe I'll enjoy Super Street Fighter II Turbo Super Edition
High Def a little more if I actually got an arcade stick. But, yeah, I don't know. That's
a lot of money to drop on a controller. And I'm just worried I won't be playing this
game that long. Some very obvious modes. I think we're left out of the game, which is
a disappointment. I think it's kind of cool that you can turn on the mode where you, like,
seek other players while you're playing arcade mode, basically. And you might, like, it gives
that old, very old-fashioned feel of somebody walking up to the arcade game and just dropping
a quarter in and challenging you. Which I think that was a really kind of neat mode
to put in there, that you could always be seeking a player match or a battle match.
Granted, if you're going to turn that mode on, you can expect you're always going to
get challenged. At least right now. Probably after this game ages a few months, it'll get
a little less. However, one mode they're missing, being able to set that to friends only is
something I would really think would be an obvious mode that they did not choose to enable.
Like, I would love to play with that mode on if only my friends could challenge me because,
you know, and you might be thinking, well, why do you want to set it that way, Rob? Because
I like to play with friends on Xbox Live more than I do random a-holes that sometimes, you
know, I don't really want to play with. And Tiger Girl House says I have it turned off.
I do most of the time, too. I spend most of my time with it turned off as well. But it
would be cool. I would probably leave it on more often if friends could just walk up and
challenge me. So. But yeah, for that reason, I choose not to leave it on.
Otherwise, I think there's a lot of cool stuff in the game. I like that there's the challenge
mode and the time attack mode and survival mode that all have, you know, they start off
really easy. I mean, if you want to talk about an easy mode, something easier than easiest,
go play, like, the first time attack mode where you basically have your super bars are
always filled up. Go play that mode. That's super, super easy. I think it's really cute
having the icons and the titles that are kind of separate from Xbox Live. So, yeah. It's
a fun fighting game. $60, though? It's a lot of money to pay. And this whole accessibility,
you know, I think the game is accessible if you've played Street Fighter II before. You
know, I know it's been taking a little bit of crap for not being as accessible as they
say it is in regards to the difficulty. And I'm not going to lie to you. Seth is a cheap
bitch. He sucks, even on easiest mode. Sucks a lot. And some of the opponents start to
really suck, too, when you get up there, even in, like, you know, medium and some of those
other modes. However, what I loved about it is that I haven't really played a Street Fighter
game hardcore since Super Street Fighter II Turbo. You know, there was a period of time
where I didn't play a lot of video games, and it was mostly during college. Like, the
only games I played were, like, Final Fantasy VII and Puzzle Fighter. And that was the period
of time when we got Street Fighter III, Street Fighter Alpha, Capcom SNK, Marvel Capcom. You
know, all those games kind of came out in that Dreamcast era that I kind of didn't play
a lot of games through. And so, for me, I didn't play a lot of those games. I was able
to pick up Street Fighter IV no problem. No problem. Because the moves are pretty much
the same. So, yeah, I had a good time with the game. $60, though, that's a lot to ask
for somebody, you know, that's based on nostalgia only. I would honestly recommend you play
it at a friend's house first before you drop that kind of money. If you envision that this
is a game you would play online a lot, if you are a fighting game fan at all, then definitely
Street Fighter IV needs to be in your collection. But if you're, like, a casual fighting game
fan like me, you're not so sure, you might want to rent or play it at a friend's house
first. Just because of the controls and the longevity of the game for $60, which is a
lot of money in this day and age. So. But overall, I would give the game a good review.
As you would, too, right, DarkSakura? Give it a good review. Yeah, I like it. Yeah. Alright.
Awesome. Looking at some comments in chatroom, Gunstar says, Seth is the worst last boss
in the history of last bosses. And SSJ100Matt says, Seth isn't as bad as Gil. So. I do have
to admit that Gil's a bastard. They're all bastards. Alright, that's going to do it for
my gaming week. I don't want to go on forever. We have some news we want to get to tonight.
Let's get to some housekeeping. And there isn't a lot right now, I do want to point
out at Orangelaunchradio.com, very cool new feature where our podcasts, when we get them
to the feed, which by the way, I got caught up tonight. There's one more waiting to go
to the feed and it'll be all caught up. They show up, I think, on the front page of the
feed when I push them out there. Actually, now it's disappeared in favor of Justin.tv,
so I'm not sure what's going on right now. But you can check that out always at Orangelaunchradio.com.
That is cool that when we are live, the Justin.tv is right there, even though our listeners
are telling us it's down right now. So I don't know what's going on with that. We'll see.
I don't know, they said Justin.tv was down. I don't know if it came back up. Whatever.
But again, remember folks, Justin.tv is priority number two, because we are a radio show.
Disconnected again.
Weird. We are a radio show, not a TV show, so Justin.tv is not priority number one. So
it is going to go down occasionally and that just sucks. So make sure you always tune in
to AllGames.com. Anyhow, also our live journal community, all the communities are right there
on Orangelaunchradio.com. If you want to find other Orange Lounge Radio listeners, very
cool community, just nice people. You know, we don't like jerks in our community. Or if
you want to find us, look at the little box that says Extended Play on Orangelaunchradio.com
in the bottom left hand corner. It's awesome. It directly links you to Facebook, Last.fm,
MySpace, YouTube, even though we haven't updated YouTube in forever, OLRPSP.com. It's awesome.
So check that out.
Alright.
Rob, I have to ask something and I'm going to actually put this up on our gallery. Is
that your printer?
That one on the floor? Yes.
That's my printer. Your printer looks like an ice chest.
It does, doesn't it?
I'm putting this up. Go to our gallery because we've been putting pictures up on it. I've
been taking tons of pictures. So I'm taking a picture of the messy floor.
And other people can submit pictures too. But I swear to God, the first time somebody
submits a picture that is inappropriate, we're pulling the plug on that thing.
No boobs. Okay. Well, no boobs. We should have a special thing.
Actually, I'm okay with boobs as long as they're covered boobs. We probably, you know, we do
have young kids that look at the website. But like dead or alive boobs are fine. So,
alright. Anyhow, let's get into some gaming news, shall we, Loki?
Yes. So there was, of course, the release this week of Lost in Damned. And with it was
a little bit of controversy. Starting off, the bit that I don't really get why it was
in there, but it was. Apparently, there was full frontal male nudity in Lost in Damned.
Actually, one of the characters that you talked to, Mr. Stubbs, is in a...
I'm sorry. That's just funny right there. That the character's name is, you know, Stubby.
Mr. Stubbs, yes. He's actually...
Is Stubby chubby? I have not seen the scene. Contrary to what you all might think, I have
not went and looked at the scene because I think the whole thing is a little silly.
It's just whatever, you know. It's full frontal, whatever. So, yeah. So, he's there, you know,
completely naked because he's in a bathhouse. And, yeah. He's all hanging out. And everyone's
like, oh my god, why'd they do that? And you know what? I have to say, why did they do
that? Because here's my thing. If they can put full frontal male nudity in this, why
aren't the strippers topless? That's what I want to know. I mean, because that's the
lesser of two evils right there. I don't get why that's the case. But, whatever. So, yeah.
That's in the game. It's really minor. No big deal. But, just in case. So, there you
go. Some other stuff that was interesting. There was some censorship tweaks on the European
Australian versions of the game. First off, the European versions. Apparently, their versions
of Grand Theft Auto 4 have been censored with the update. This is, of course, by accident.
However, you know, Rockstar is working on it right now so that, you know, it will be
fixed momentarily, I guess. Maybe within a few days if it hasn't already been fixed.
And then, of course, Lost and Damned in Australia has undone the censorship that was actually
with it. Basically, the censorship that's going on. There's no blood pools. The camera,
when you get, you know, services from a prostitute, you can normally move the camera around to
get better angles and stuff. But, in censored versions, it's not. But, apparently, yeah.
The Lost and Damned actually reverted the censorship on the Australian version. So,
that's kind of interesting. Whatever, it's a cock. Obviously, they're
just trying to ruffle some feathers with this and they've succeeded. I mean, whatever. You
know, I like, though, that at least it's not, like, sexualized. It's there to accomplish
one thing. It's there to get people talking. Well, mission accomplished because here we
are in our little crappy podcast talking about your full frontal male nudity in a game that,
you know, is completely random. Rob. Rob. Just say it. Cock. Exactly. It's just a cock.
It shouldn't be that big of a deal. But, at the same time, I would not suddenly want there
to be, like, random cocks in all my games. You know what I mean? Like, you know, suddenly
it's, oh my god, a cock monster in Final Fantasy. We need more penis in video games. But, to
be fair, if we're going to have more penis, then we need more vag. Right? Just play Second
Life. Oh, hi Drew, by the way. We had some guests randomly show up during that comment.
Everybody introduce themselves real quick. Who's here and everything? Say hello. Uh oh.
Uh oh. Oh, we had a spillage on the laptop in here. Introduce yourselves. I'll run in
and get a paper towel for Jimmy. It's Drew, as usual. Uh, hi. We have Danny. Camara. Yeah.
Rob has salvaged my laptop because I'm actually trying not to move my laptop, so, um, that
was me last week. Did Joe say hi? No, I didn't. Hi. But they know you better as Dark Tetsuya.
Alright, awesome. Welcome, Dark Tetsuya, and, uh, friends, everybody's here tonight. If
my laptop catches on fire, it's Rob's fault. Okay. Well, it's not my fault. You spilled
something on it. You startled me, Rob, with your Rob-ness. It's not my fault if you got
excited. Now my laptop smells like Propel. It is not my fault if you got excited at us
talking about the story about Cocks and Vag, okay? But we need more games with you. I agree.
You know what? If they're gonna have this game with ultra-violence, then why not ultra-nudity,
you know? Well, they have paces. I mean, come on. It's just a little bit more flesh. Who
cares? I mean, if you're gonna show, you know, cock and balls, I mean, they can seriously
just put boobies in there. I mean, I don't get it. I agree. They should be fair and have
some boobs in it, too, but, you know, whatever. Whatever. I just don't even care. I don't
know why people care so damn much. I mean, I understand it's because we've never really
seen this in a game before, OMG. Someone's gotta do it. Whatever. May as well be them.
Yeah, may as well. Get it over with. But, you know, who knows? Maybe Cocks the Game
coming soon, thanks to all of this. Who knows? Bubble Bath Cocks. I don't know. We'll see.
I somehow doubt it. Imagine Cocks, exactly. We'll see. Anyhow, moving on to other stories.
Street Fighter IV obviously was a big title this week. We talked a little bit about that
during our gaming weeks. And, for those that have played Street Fighter II back in the
day, one thing you probably noticed was that some of the characters were missing from Street
Fighter II. Namely, DJ and T-Hawk. They were two of the new characters when Super Street
Fighter II came out. They were not included in Street Fighter IV, and I kind of say, so
what? I mean, these characters weren't exactly popular or good in the first place. Sorry,
in my opinion. Bite your tongue. I didn't care for either one of them. I own people
with DJ, by the way. DJ was alright, but T-Hawk especially I didn't care for. Although his
stage music was awesome. You're such a cheap bitch if you know how to use them. Well, anyway,
they weren't there. But see, instead of these two, you got Rose, Sakura, Dan. You know,
you got characters from later in the series. In my opinion, it's worth the exchange, but
whatevs. Oh, hell yeah. But anyhow, see, Gunstar agrees with me in chat, because DJ and T-Hawk
suck. However, all hope may not be lost for DJ and T-Hawk fans. Yoshinori Ono, who is
the producer of Street Fighter IV, has kind of teased the idea of these guys appearing
later on, and this was in Famitsu magazine. He actually said that some 3D models were
created. I'd like to see pictures of that. I bet that would be pretty cool. They actually
went so far as to actually plan out the combat style for T-Hawk, but they got cut before
the game actually came out. However, Ono did say if the fans want it bad enough, the characters
could be added at a later date. How would that happen? Could that be download content?
Could that be a re-release of the game? I think that's more likely. I see, I actually
see download content, and then a gold edition later, like how they did with Marvel Ultimate
Alliance. Right, but here's the thing with download content. If they didn't already plan
for these two guys to be download content, what happens if one of my friends downloads
it and has T-Hawk and then fights me online? I don't have T-Hawk. What happens? Because,
yeah, Drew, you have a thought? Yeah, Push and Update, like they do with, say, the Dawn
of War games, the RTS games, where one player doesn't have access to a certain set of races
to play as. It's like, okay, you can only play against these players playing these characters.
It'd be a little complicated, but it would be a solution. Or have a light pack downloaded
where you have the characters there, you just can't select them. You know, kind of like
you could get to, what was it they did for Fable 2, where you could, you know, go to
that area but you didn't have all the stuff that went with it. Can I say, can I say something
a little controversial about Street Fighter 4, and maybe I'm going to get shit for this,
I don't know. It's honestly, no no no, it's honestly something I noticed, especially talking
about DJ getting cut from the game and all this stuff. Where are the black people in
Street Fighter 4? Really? This is an obvious question. There's Balrog. Balrog, that's it.
One out of how many? Most everybody in the game is Asian, Rob. But it's like white people
beating each other up the game, is what it is. No, it's Asian people beating up the white
guys the game. But where's like, you know, well I guess you have one Indian guy too,
and you know, I don't know, it just seemed like these guys, you know DJ and T-Hawk, T-Hawk
especially was a little more ethnic, like not a type you see in like other games, right?
And yeah, he's like, um, I realize it's a little bit, it's a small world-ish, but what?
It's a Japanese anime-ish fighting game. Do you really expect that much racial diversity?
I'm just saying, there's, listen, there was Def Jam. The game's a little white, that's
all I'm saying. No, the game's a lot Asian. Listen, okay, you have 50 Cent, you know,
Blood in the Sand coming out this week, it evens itself out, okay? It's AZN for reals,
yo. So deal with it. Chat room, am I wrong? Am I, am I a bad person for thinking this?
Tell him he's wrong and he's a bad person for thinking it. Biohaze says black people
are non-existent in the Street Fighter universe. That's not true, Balrog. Yeah, since the beginning.
Gunstar says Sagat is kind of like a brother and he kicks ass. He's Thai. And Game Guru
says DJ was created by Capcom USA. That's true, that's something I didn't think of.
Remember when they did Super Street Fighter? He was the character of the USA, made good,
good observation, Game Guru. Unfolded Raptor wants to point out there are green people.
So Biohaze says no more Mexicans. Can we have someone from Central or South America for
once? We have Blanca. Yeah, that's kind of a pity. Anyhow, all right. Jimmy! Rolling
and rolling. I'm sorry, go look at Dan's ending for Street Fighter 3 and you'll know what
I'm talking about. I don't know. And then I could also say, you don't really have a
gay fighter either, but then people would say Vega, but Vega's not gay, he's just an
asshole. No, I think he's very gay. He's just kind of, here's the thing, he's not gay, he's
just queer. There's a difference. I think that Vega, actually I think Vega, well, off
camera really is a major, major cross-dresser, a drag queen, seriously. With all that attention
to his face, drag queen. Those shoes, look at the heels on those shoes. Drag queen. Act
Deaf says he's just metrosexual. Drag queen. All right, please can we change the topic,
somebody else. Oh, Dark Soccer, do you have a story for us maybe? I do, speaking of drag
queens, I'm kidding. So how many people in here liked American McGee's Alice? We had
two hands next to me, shoot up and a ding. Well, there's going to be another one. They're
saying that it will not be out for a while, but it's going to be out for PC, PlayStation
3, and Xbox 360, and basically saying that EA is behind it along with American McGee
and we should be getting it out. So, yay. And they said it's going to be darker. Yeah,
the picture that they, more darker. The picture they were teasing it with were like a bunch
of snails trying to attack. It's the racing snail. Do you think this could be because,
I don't know if you guys know, but there's a new Alice in Wonderland movie coming out
next year. It's being done by Tim Burton and like Johnny Depp is the Mad Hatter. The guy
from Little Britain is Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dum. You know, they have, they have some pretty
interesting casting. The big guy from Little Britain is Tweedle Dee. Oh. Yeah. You know,
they have some interesting casting choices. Maybe because they're thinking they're going
to kind of catch this Alice craze that might start again next year because of the movie.
That seems kind of smart to me. Why not? Because if it's being done by Tim Burton, it's going
to be probably a little dark in the first place, so this will kind of fit in nicely.
Tim Burton needs to get over himself though, really. What? I love Tim Burton movies. There's
very few Tim Burton movies. There's a man though who has gotten too full of himself
and too stuck on his style. Well, I don't, ok, I don't listen to him in interviews, granted.
I don't know the person, I just know his movies. And you know, I like the movies. At least
he's not George Lucas. At least there's always that. Going to chatroom, chat.orangelaungeradio.com,
VXJsonXV says, I like how Dark Sakura is personifying a made up character. Hence Vega. DJ Rama S
asks, ok Skye, would you date Vega? No, but I have dated guys that were that self-centered.
Just so you know. But no, I would not date Vega based on previous experience. So there
you go. And the City Vampire simply says Tim Burton needs a haircut. Yeah, that I would
agree with. Alright, more gaming news, Loki. Alright, first I have a bit of random stuff
while you guys are talking. I was trying to figure out exactly what you have to do in
Noby Noby Boy. Which apparently is eat things. But the other thing I found out is that you
can eat a human and like an animal or a human and a fruit or something like that. And it
will create hybrid creatures when it poops it out. So you want, you can actually create
ManBearPig? Yes. In your anus? In your anus. Nice. Alright. Well, something not quite as
exciting as anus ManBearPig. EA has announced a port of Dead Space for the Wii. It's actually
Dead Space Extraction. It's gonna be an on rail shooter because obviously the Wii can't
really hold up, you know, the graphic detail of the 360 and PS3 versions. But it will be
kind of, I guess, a little bit like, I guess, Resident Evil Umbrella Chronicles. But with
Dead Space stuff. So new weapons, new enemies, puzzles, co-op multiplayer. Sounds kinda cool.
I like light gun shooter games on a, you know I still haven't played the House of the Dead
one that just came out. That looked interesting though. That one didn't just come out, did
it? It was a little while ago, wasn't it? Well, House of the Dead Overkill, that came
out a couple weeks ago. Oh, I didn't realize it was so recent. Was there another, oh no,
it was a compilation of prior games, that's right. That was a year ago. Got it a little
mixed up. So, alright, well, you're a fan of rail shooters, Dark Soccer, is this something
you might get? I don't know. Kind of see a little more. Yeah, no word on when it's gonna
be released. I'm sure you'll see a little bit more on it at E3. It's supposed to come
out this fall though. November probably. Alrighty. Well hey, moving on to a completely different
type of game. Leisure Suit Larry. Remember the old Sierra series, Leisure Suit Larry?
You want to talk about the original boobs in video games. You gotta go all the way back
to Leisure Suit Larry. And, you know, they tried to bring the series back a couple years
ago with a game that was kind of, eh, it was like a lukewarm reception game. And so we
kind of thought, eh, this series is probably gone and best remembered in our memory. Well,
guess what? Apparently, Leisure Suit Larry Box Office Bust was, it was a game that was
kind of cut to the side after Activision and Blizzard merged. You might remember people
were talking about Ghostbusters and Brutal Legends and some of these games. Not a lot
of people were talking about Leisure Suit Larry. Well, apparently Codemasters has actually
jumped in. It's one of their other branches, Funsta, which is a casual game branch of the
company. So that's a little interesting in my opinion. But they have picked up the publishing
rights to the game. And the game is gonna come out in April. It's gonna be on the PC,
Playstation 3, and the 360. And yes, it's been rated mature by the ESRB. No word if
there's cocks. Um. There's probably some hits though. This will probably be very similar
to the last game that came out. Yeah. Cause that was very casual, it was all minigames.
I hope they don't try to charge $60 for it. Are they just, is it just gonna be- No, actually
from what I read it's supposed to be $40. Is it just gonna be dirty casual games? It'll
probably be- Let me see. The last game that came out, the casual games that they had in
there. They had, I don't know if they had streaking in there. I remember there was Quarters.
And they had this little, it was fun. It was a little minigame that you had to, you were
a little sperm and you had to dodge. That was the minigame I played at E3 a couple years
ago. Yeah, you had to dodge something. I don't remember what it was. Stuff. During the conversation,
depending on how well you did, your conversation would be smoother or whatever. You'd talk
right out of her clothes. But if you hit stuff you'd like fart or like make, you know, stupid
comments and stuff like that. So it was pretty funny. I don't know, I kind of liked the last
game. But yeah, this one, I don't know. I'll check it out. But who knows. Alright, we'll
see. More information I guess on this to come. Probably a little closer to the release date
in April. Well, other stuff that's happening near April is a particular game that was very,
very popular on Xbox Live Arcade coming to PC on March 31st and that would be Braid.
And it's getting a price mark up to 20 bucks. Think it's worth it? Well, it actually, they
were going to raise it to 20 bucks, but they ended up bringing it back down to 15. But
wasn't it only 10 on Xbox Live? Or was it 15 on Xbox Live? I can't remember. It's been
a little while. Yeah. You know, it was one of my favorite games that came out last year.
Yeah, yeah, it's worth it. I wouldn't say buy it on both systems. I don't see the point.
But if you don't have a 360, yeah, you should buy it. It's a fun game. Well, good for Braid
fans. Indeed. You said you hadn't played the game, right? Nope. Do you think you might
check it out on PC? Nope. All right. It was worth asking. When do I have time? And the
chat room is confirming for me that Braid was 15. You know, it came out a long time
ago. I thought it was 10. So sue me. ActDeft begs to differ in our chat room. Chat.honors.radio.com
says Braid isn't really worth it. I think it is. I think it's a very different type
of puzzle game. It's like Mario is a puzzle game, which is, I don't know. It was very
entertaining to me. It was all right. I liked it a lot. And yes, I agree with Acidic Vampire.
The soundtrack is beautiful. Sorry, I'll stop interrupting. Speaking of the 360, there
is more confirmation of a rumor red Xbox 360 system coming soon. Apparently, the red Xbox
360 elite system was mentioned in a Microsoft press release from New Zealand, and it was
saying that there was some sort of deal going on where you buy a 360 and get a free copy
of Halo Wars, and that the red Xbox 360 elite console, which is exclusive to EB Games. So
I guess it's exclusive to EB Games there. Hmm. Maybe there's a red system coming out.
Maybe it's going to come out with Resident Evil. Maybe soon. Maybe they're doing red
so that you don't notice the rings. That's a joke, I think, that has to be made there.
The rings blend in with it. Red seems like a really weird color for a video game system,
though. Is it just me? Like, I get black, I get white, I get gray. I even get pink for
the DS. I actually understand that. But red? It worked for the Virtual Boy. Oh, sorry.
Oh no, it didn't. He saw nothing but red on the Virtual Boy. Yeah. I don't know. I mean,
I could see them putting something like this out for a limited time or something. People
might buy it. Even the Xbox being green? That made sense, actually. I have the Xbox that
was green, the Halo one, not the regular black one. But yeah, I don't know. Red seems like
a strange color, though. But okay. I mean, whatever. Maybe I'm just saying that because
I know it would totally clash in my house, but why I'm so worried about it, I don't know.
I'm sure if this were to actually exist, that they're probably going to be making an announcement
very soon on it since Resident Evil comes out in a few weeks. I mean, just assuming
that it's actually going to be coming out with Resident Evil. Not that I would know
or anything, but I'm just saying. Hypothetically. That something like this would be coming out
with Resident Evil, we'd have to know about it very soon since, you know, that's only
a few weeks away. Hypothetically speaking. Hypothetically. Well, something you are not
allowed to know about, at least until very soon, that would be the evening of February
23rd over in Japan, which would be, no, that's going to be late, no, tomorrow morning, right?
Well evening in Japan? Yeah, it's evening in Japan. They're on the other side of the
date line, so maybe any minute now we're going to hear about this. There's going to be, yeah,
no, it's morning over there right now, so probably in the overnight hours for us we'll
hear coming out of Japan some new Capcom-based Xbox Live title. Or no, it might be just a
360 title that they are announcing through Xbox Live. They're going to be releasing a
trailer tomorrow. And here's my thought, wouldn't this just be Dead Rising 2? I mean, because
we've kind of had the hype for it the past week and it's been confirmed, like, is it
really that big of a secret? Or do we really think something new is going to come out of
this? Because when I read this I was like, it's just going to be Dead Rising 2. Or it
could be something lame like sheep. Was Capcom making the sheep game? Yeah, they're publishing
it. They should do Black Sheep the game. Captain Commando HD Remix. They are 17 hours ahead,
so they are about noon. It's about noon in Japan right now, so we'll see more in a little
while. I for one support the Captain Commando HD Remix. You think? Dude, I dumped so many
quarters in that game, it's not even funny. Maybe Mega Man 10. I somehow doubt it. How
about Ooh, Ooh, Ooh, Ooh, Area 50, or no, no, what was that game? Oh, no, no, I'm sorry,
take that back. UN Squadron on Xbox Live. That would be awesome. UN Squadron. Act F
says Dark Stalkers for the love of God. Lioshin says Power Stone 3. I have to interject. I've
gotten the best reaction out of Drew ever. What? I've shown him a copy of the Amazon
page for the book I'm going to be ordering. Pride and Prejudice and Zombies, the classic
Regency romance now with ultra-violent zombie mayhem. That would kind of tie into the whole
Dead Rising thing. Yes. DJ Rama S in chat suggests Rival Schools 3 could be the mystery
game. Yes, I know, I wish. Damn you, Capcom. Dream on, I hate to say it. We'll see. Alright,
let's travel the world and look at some release dates that we actually know about. Or another
Monster Hunter game, because they like making Monster Hunter. That would make sense for
Japan too. They didn't advertise that the trailer was going to be here, right? I don't
know, we'll see. Alright, let's travel the world and look at some of the release dates
that we know about. We'll start off in Europe, Dark Sakura. Well, coming out for the gaming
systems and PCs and stuff in Europe, on the 27th, we have Castlevania Judgment on Wii,
Cryostasis for PC, Dead Rising and Chop Till You Drop on Wii, Family Ski and Snowboard
on Wii, Halo Wars for Xbox 360, Killzone 2 for Playstation 3, Men of War on PC, Necro
Vision on PC, Onechambara, Bikini Samurai Squad, and Bikini Zombie Slayers, First for
the 360, Second for Wii, Silent Hill Homecoming on Xbox 360, Playstation 3 and PC, and Ultimate
Band on DS and Wii. The end. You know, it's funny that you mention, that I was talking,
we were talking about Capcom in an announcement and stuff like that, because on Kotaku here,
they have listed Flock as coming out next week on Xbox Live Arcade. Remember Flock was
the sheep one by Capcom. Boring! I don't think that's that, but you never know. Anyways,
next week's actually pretty exciting for game releases. There's some pretty good stuff coming
out, including Star Ocean Last Hope on Xbox 360, which should be pretty epic. Pretty good
reviews so far. 50 Cent, Blood on the Sand on PS3 and Xbox 360. Hell yes! Shell Shock
2, Blood Trails on PS3, Xbox 360 and PC. Legacy of Ys, Book 1 and 2 on DS. Yay! Nice! Puzzle
Quest Galactrix on DS. Cool. Dead Rising Chop Till You Drop on the Wii. Stoked on Xbox 360,
it's a pretty fun snowboarding game. Imagine Ice Champions on DS. Supposedly, Eat Lead
the Return of Matt Hazard. I hope that comes out that week, because I thought it was the
week after, but you never know. Let's see, Killzone 2 on PS3. Pagle on DS. My Personal
Diary on DS. And Puzzle Challenges and More on Wii. Unfolded Raptor in chat says, Blood
on the Sand is going to be game of the year, just watch. Chat.OrangeLaunchRadio.com, live
on Sunday nights. I'm tempted to buy it, just to see. There's a part of me that wants to
buy it, but it's probably going to be 60 bucks, right? There's going to be 60 bucks, don't
buy it. I'll wait for it to hit the bargain bin. Dude, do you know what I saw at Best
Buy the other day? A Rock Revolution bundle for 30 bucks. That's drums and game. Yeah,
I think that's just slightly under what they normally cost now. I mean, it's that bad.
I thought about it, because you can use the drums with other games, right? Yeah, but they
suck that bad. But I mean, hey, if you want, get the game for the download content, because
they have some of the guitar freak stuff in there. Ah, that's a good reason. Think about
it. Yeah, I don't know. So that, I think that's pretty much it for this week. Alright, let's
look at the Japanese release dates then. Also, a pretty big week in Japan. They've got some
busy, busy stuff going on over in Japan. On the 26th of February, you have Battlefield
Bad Company getting a price reduction. Chaos Head Noah is a new game coming out over in
Japan. Halo 3 also gets a price reduction. That's because Halo Wars is slated to come
out on February 26th over there in Japan. Busy, busy week. Samurai Doh 3 comes out as
well, and Rainbow Six Vegas 2 also gets a price reduction, so it's a good week for some
sales over there in Japan. Moving on to the Playstation 3, NBA Live gets a price reduction.
Otherwise, as far as a new game goes, Ryu Ga Gotoku comes out, number 3 in the series.
I'm not sure what this is. It's the Yakuza 3. It's just Yakuza 3? Yeah. Oh, okay. Looks
like you can get some romance on in this one. Yes, they have chicks you can pick up. Nice.
Tom Clancy's End War also coming out on Playstation 3. Again, these are Japanese release dates.
Coming out on the Nintendo Wii, it's actually kind of a slow week for once in Japan on the
Wii. High School Musical 3, senior year. Medal of Honor Heroes 2 gets a price reduction.
As far as the new game goes, One Piece Unlimited Cruise, Episode 2, Mesamiro Yuusha comes out.
Let's see, apparently there was already an Episode 1 that came out, and you can actually
use your save file from Episode 1 to continue on with your quest in this game. So it's an
action game that's kind of comical. Based off the One Piece anime series with stretchy
pirates. Really? Nice. Playstation 2, you have the King of Fighters 2002 Unlimited Match
coming out in Japan. I know there's some King of Fighter fans in the house. And on the Nintendo
DS, kind of a range of games. Dragon Dance, Game Center CX, Arena no Chosenju comes out
as well. A Voice Chat DS application comes out as well. As Kameko Deluxe DS Yomei Tomika
To Otoko Tohona comes out. And that is, looks like a little girly adventure game, but there's
bowling in it. I don't know if it's like a minigame collection or what, but there's like
a little bowling minigame in that. Probably not something we're going to get over here.
And lastly, on the PSP, again in Japan, because sometimes they get stuff before we do, you
get a port of Dragon Dance, and Kamen no Maid Guy Boyouyan Battle Royale comes out. It's
an adventure game, not to be confused with the Battle Royale movie that we all know and
love. But it does have girls in school girl outfits, and it looks like they're fighting
each other. Based off the manga series. Is it? And they attack each other with brooms.
Is this like maids fighting each other? That's what it looks like. I don't know what it is.
Yeah, it's in the title. Kamen no Maid. Maid games are like, anything maids are like, major
major big fetish deals. Well, there you have it. So you fetish fans, get that on PSP. Also,
your memories off, girls style. At least I wasn't called your panties off. Wow, that's
an adventure game. Because if it was, that would be an instant purchase. You might want
to go women's style, not girls style for that. And then lastly, Shin Sangoku Musou Multi-Raid
comes out on the PSP. That's an action game that looks like, looks a little Final Fantasy-ish,
but with some live action elements in it, it looks like. So check that out on PSP. If
you're in Japan. There you have it. That does it for your PSP. Or if you want to get it
for your friends in America, who do a show for you every Sunday. And DJ Rama S in chat
room says, yes, maid games do sell. I know I sell a lot of hentai maid games. Congratulations.
Well how about something that has absolutely nothing to do with maids? Yes, please. Bobsleds!
Have a maid in a bobsled. You know there is someone out there who has a fetish for maids
on bobsleds. But no. If so, this show's for you. This is high speed bobsled racing from
Sega. God, Sega, why do you do this to me? It's called Storm G and it's a deluxe cabinet
set where they've got them all lined up. And it's supposed to have you bobsledding and
rocket powered blobs- blobs- bobsleds. Boobsledding? Okay. Each sled though- That would be cold!
Too cold! Each sled though accommodates two people and it has twin joysticks and each
person controls different aspects of- Boobs and twin joysticks. Bob! Each joystick controls
different aspects of it to do 360 degree rotation and increase your speed. I think the maid
fans would like this game. It sounds pretty hot. At any rate, it's like a 10 minute game
and you pay about 650 to play at 600 yen. And it's already at the Joyopolis in March.
For any of our Japanese listeners, go there and take pictures of it and get signs of it
in play. Really, really want to see what it's like. Have fun bobsledding with your twin
joysticks at Joyopolis. Don't forget to send us your postcards. Well, if rocket bobsledding
isn't for you, there are some other games coming out as well that are equally epic,
including the brand new game running on Sega's new hardware, Ring Edge, and the game's called
Border Break. You may remember it as, well it's sort of like Virtual On actually, but
played a little bit more linear, kind of like Armored Core. So it's a mech action fighting
game, which looks pretty awesome. And unfortunately it probably won't be coming to the US, but
it will be in Japanese arcades beginning February 23rd. In other words, next week. So, looks
pretty awesome. You know, I'm looking at this next story and I'm thinking, you know what?
I think this will be great for Jamie's birthday. Jamie, what do you say? How about for your
birthday, I buy you four Sega arcade cabinets for your house. I'm going to buy you Outrun,
Hang On, Space Harrier, and Thunder Blade. Don't you want that in your house? Got two
out of four, right? Well, there is a little twist to this because I don't actually, I'm
not pooping money. I actually would be buying these new toys that are coming out. It's coming
out from, I'm not, Organic is the name of the toy maker. They are taking classic Sega
arcade cabinets and shrinking them down to like four inches in length. And those are
the four cabinets they're going to be releasing as these little figurine toys. These are like
little gachapon, basically. Yeah. But the capsule game stuff. Well, no, they're actual,
the actual arcade cabinet. Like they're toys that look like the little cabinets, but I
was saying they're little capsule toys. You buy the box and you get a random one out of
each box. Probably. It doesn't say if they're actual capsule toys or what the thing is going
on, but I don't think they're playable. That's for sure. But this little thing, those are
very, very, very popular. I mean, getting all the various character and goods that come
up. Capcom's actually got a series of little figures for some of the female characters.
By the way, there is a fifth cabinet. That's a secret. According to the website, secret
my ass. You know what that is? I think is, um, a, uh, well, no, it can't be a, it can't
be an afterburner because afterburner is a closed machine. Oh yeah. Cause it went a little
high. Oh, well actually no, I think, I think it might be an afterburner if they had like
the cover off of it. Maybe it's a houses of the dead. No, no, no. I don't think you sat
down with that one. Well, these are all classic cabinets. So it can't be, it can't be the
very much space area. Well, no, you know what, honestly, I think it, I think it is an afterburner
because, um, space Harrier, if I'm right, um, had the closed top too. And this figure
doesn't, yeah, it just kind of makes sense to with the other games it would fit in. Yeah,
we'll see. We'll probably see when these things come out. It's one of the Sega 360 machines.
Uh, yeah, I don't, I don't know about some of these, uh, acidic vampire says WTF. I can't
play it. If it's four inches, a game guru says next up a miniature mega drive. Who knows?
I think they have those. It's possible. They do it like, especially another, I hear like
in some other countries like in South American stuff, those, um, uh, little Genesis collections
that are in the controllers and stuff are very popular. So, of course I could be full
of crap too. It wouldn't be the first time. We'll see. But let's do some, those are just
a little gotcha poem. Other news. Well, in other news, we have some news about the Metal
Gear movie and you know how pissed off I was. They were taking my man off of it. Well, guess
what? And your man is? David Hader. He's back on. Well, he didn't come right out and say
it, but he danced around saying everything, but yes, I'm back. So, um, at an interview
and actually, um, there, I'm going to go ahead and actually post a link up to the article,
um, because there's a copy of the interview, um, on there. Um, it's on Kotaku, but, um,
in an interview, he was basically saying that there's a possibility of involvement in being
back on it instead of just saying no. So I'll be posting that in the chat room so everyone
can watch the interview. It's cool. It makes me happy. Very cool. I know you love David
Hader. Oh, hell yeah. I mean, he gave us the first X-Men movie and he's the voice of Solid
Snake, so it makes sense. He should just play Snake. Well, another movie that may have been
at one time, but I don't think it's coming out anytime soon, if at all. Um, Mega Man,
the movie, apparently Warner Brothers at one time, um, was trying to acquire the rights
for the Mega Man series to, um, turn it into a feature film. God, no, please don't. You
know this would be terrible. It would be, it would be absolute shit if they were to
do this as a movie. Unless it was, like, animated. You could not do a live-action Mega Man movie.
I'm sorry. Uh, yeah. Capcom, the creators, are, um, wary, letting anyone touch the project
after a few disastrous licensing moves with the property, as well as the recent so-so
reaction to other movie adaptions. The most recent movie made that the suits, um, asked
Capcom for, or, the most recent move made was that the suits asked Capcom for a wishlist
of directors, and Shyamalan, that's right, as in M. Night Shyamalan, was one of the names
they came back with. You know, here's the thing. M. Night Shyamalan movies have gotten
progressively worse, too. Yeah, but here's the thing, though. He's trying to break out
from doing- I did like the village. Well, okay, okay, enough of the actual M. Night
Shyamalan movies that he writes and stuff like that. He's actually trying to break out
from doing those types of movies, and that's why he's doing the live-action Avatar movie,
which is, you know, based off the Nickelodeon animated series. So, if that turns out okay,
then maybe he can direct other things that don't have twists in them, you know? So, I
don't know. It's- they shouldn't touch it. But, you know what, though, nowadays with
technology becoming better and better, I mean, they could do something pretty cool with it,
but it's just- it's so hard to do something like that. Gameguru in chat says, Avatar the
movie will flop. Well, we'll see. You don't know. There might be a lot of kids that wanna
go see that. I don't know. Well, we have one more story before we get to the classic game
of the week and start to close out part A here tonight on Orange Lounge Radio, and that
is about a very interesting ROM hack. I mean, some people have got a lot of frickin' time
on their hands. Some Japanese ROM hack folks have taken a Final Fantasy II ROM and basically
converted it to Final Fantasy X. Now, granted, a lot of it is still, like, you know, just
basically palette-swapping, but they've actually been able to insert some cutscenes into it
that fit with the Final Fantasy X story. The water scene between Tidus and Yuna is in there,
which is kind of interesting. And look at that title screen just alone. It's like, oh
my gosh, I can't believe they actually worked that into an 8-bit cartridge. So, yeah, some
folks- That's very impressive. Yeah, but seriously, you got a lot of time on your hands if you're
doing that kind of detail. Well, seriously, I'm actually gonna play through this. Totally.
Looks better than that Chinese Final Fantasy VII that was out a little while ago. Yeah,
it does look a lot better than the Final Fantasy VII, I'll give you that. Looks a lot better
than that. Yeah, and GameGuru says, wasn't there a Final Fantasy VII NES ROM hack? Yes,
there was. So, there you go. Alright, so let's move into the classic video game of the week.
You know, every week here at Orange Lounge Radio, we tell you guys, go into your classic
archives, and find an old game to pay some respect to. And Dark Sakura digs through her
own huge archive of games. You told me how many systems, you and Dan counted, right?
I think we came up to 30 to 32, something like that. Systems? Yeah. That's crazy. So,
you've dug through all those archives- That's non-import, non-duplicate systems. Wow. That's
crazy. With the imports, we get up to 40. 40-ish. Oh my gosh. But you still don't have
a Pippin. What's up with that? Just kidding. Anyhow, let's go ahead and look at the classic
video game of the week, which if I'm not mistaken, is pretty topical this week. Right, Dark Sakura?
But before we say your name, you've got to play the music, because I know people are
going to get it right away. Okay, then let me fire up the music here. Here's a return
of video game music video. Okay, now we all get it, don't we? Oh, it's the Puzzle Fighter
theme. Bite my butt. The game is Street Fighter Alpha 2 or Street Fighter Zero 2, and I don't
mention the first one, because as awesome as the first one was, the second one was the
best. Oh, what? The first game is no longer canon. The second game replaced the first
game's storyline. Yeah, what he said. So, Street Fighter Alpha 2 basically was the game
that gave us the annoying things called alpha counters, which I actually kind of like, but
I hate doing them by accident. We have the three level super combo gauge, air blocking
and ball breaking, and thank god we didn't get parrying in that one like in Street Fighter
3, because parrying while cool was a pain in the ass. So basically it's, and I honestly
think this was pretty much the pinnacle of the Street Fighter series, because Alpha 3
was kind of ass, except for some of the characters in it, and I hated the A-ism, B-ism, I hated
picking all that shit. So, anyway, this also had Akuma as a regular character, or as he
was in the Japanese version, Goki, which I think is a better name, especially if you
consider the current storyline that it was Goki versus Goken. So anyway, so you actually
got Shin Akuma as your secret opponent. Everyone brought in the rival thing, which I was going
to say, I was really glad they put that in Street Fighter 4, the whole rival, where you
have like your special opponent, who's your main nemesis or whatever. And then you also
have Instantly Selectable, you have Bison, who was Vega in the Japanese version, Akuma
and Dan. You also got three characters who were returning from other games. You got Zangief
and Zalcine, and then you got Gen, who was from the first Street Fighter game. You also
got Rolento from Final Fight, and Sakura, who was the first original new character for
that series, and I thought it was really cool. Well, even for the second one that came out,
for Alpha, too. Anyway, I was very happy, though, when they shared bringing in the Final
Fight characters, because I freaking loved Final Fight. I've been collecting everywhere
for Final Fight, except for the American-made crap versions. Didn't Dan count as an original
character as well? He was in the first game! Yep. On top of that, for anyone who doesn't
know, he's totally a parody of Art of Fighting, because Ryo and Robert Garcia were combined
to make Dan who was a big joke. However, if you can beat the game with him, mad props
to you. You can beat Puzzle Fighter with him, mad props to you. So... Juice has real men
played Dan. Anyway, so you've got all your characters, you have, you know, basically
different versions of them. You've got arcade versions on the consoles. Now, this is going
to be me bitching for just a moment. The Super NES... We did not play 2s. Well, the other
two ran out. I like Chun-Li. This is a game where I decided that Chun-Li is a bitch. Anyway,
there was a Super Nintendo version of this released in 96. I had this for a while before
it was removed from my possession without me knowing. Rawr. Die. It was the version
that made use of the SDD1 chip for graphic decompression. So guess what it put into a
cartridge game? Load time. It had, now loading, in a freaking SNES cartridge. It had to decompress
and load. And I'm like, damn. This is slow. There was also a PC version that was based
off the Playstation version. It was okay. I actually have that somewhere in my house.
There was the home version that came out of Street Fighter Alpha 2 Gold, which in Japan
came out of Street Fighter Zero 2 Dash. And it was also part of the Street Fighter collection
that was a big compilation. And then there was the, in the gold version it had Kami based
on her X-Men vs. Street Fighter appearance. And it was, she was actually a hidden character
that was selectable in the versus and training modes. So that was pretty cool. Also, on Playstation
2 we got Street Fighter Alpha Anthology, which is more like the arcade version of the game.
It was pretty cool. There, I actually got both the Saturn and the Playstation versions.
And the Saturn version, way better. Way better. It's far better than the Playstation version
was. Actually, anything 2D, practically, the Saturn version is going to be better. Better
colors, better, it can handle 2D graphics and sound so much better than the Playstation
version. At any rate, they actually, in 1996, Dan won number one video game character and
Sakura won number three video game character, which I thought was funny, that was actually
in Gamest Magazine, which is a Japanese magazine. Got best fighting game, number nine best in
graphics, number six best direction, number four best video game music. So that's pretty
cool. And it seriously, oh, we got Rose's music. Rose is in Street Fighter IV, I thought
it was cool. But it's just a really, to me it is the pinnacle of the Street Fighter series.
I mean, I love Street Fighter IV, and actually I like Street Fighter III for just playing
as Ibuki. But other than that, I mean, Street Fighter II is like the top-under for me. It
does not get better than that.
Alright, well there you have it. Your classic video game of the week, Street Fighter Alpha
2. A very good topical pick, considering the game that's on everybody's mind this week.
We have to take a minute to respect the classics that help inspire some of the appearances
you see in Street Fighter IV, such as Rose and Sakura and Dan and so on. So, that's going
to do it for part A of our show, but don't go anywhere. Darn it, we got plenty more of
our show to come up. Part B, since Drew and Joe and everybody joined us late, I'll ask
them about their gaming weeks at the start of part B. And then we have some stuff to
get into as well. We're going to talk about the DSi, finally got a release date in North
America, confirming some earlier rumors that were floating around out there.
That's so weird.
That's so weird how that happens. We're going to talk about some video game law here in
California and some other Wii rumors. So, don't go anywhere. We'll be right back with
more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio. Here on this lovely Sunday evening, February
the 22nd of 2009, and we're watching Loki playing Noby Noby Boy on Justin TV and just
giggling at the little farting noises it's making.
The secret word, Rob, is parakeet.
There's definitely a little parakeet sitting there in the bottom corner or what have you.
So, alright, Loki's going to switch it off and get it switched back over to our camera
feed in studio. And we're going to get back into some gaming news.
Space squirrel in the corner.
Alright, we're going to get back into some gaming news in just a minute, but first I
thought we would start since Loki needs a minute to get things switched back anyway.
Talk about our gaming weeks a little bit. Drew, since you guys came a little late, how
was your gaming week? What kind of games have you been playing lately?
Pretty good. Kim came to visit, so brought over the PS2, played some Karaoke Revolution,
some Guitar Hero, King of Fighters 06, and surprisingly a little bit of the original
Naruto Ultimate Ninja. I don't know why we were playing it, but we were playing it.
I wanted to because I was bored. You asked for it. You're the one who suggested
it, not me. I just so happened to bring it with me.
I've been too tired to remember what I've been playing.
Alright, that's alright, that's alright. Kim doesn't want to go. You sound kind of
sick, are you alright? Um, yeah, it's just a cold, I think, in the
back. Yeah, I had that a week ago, it sucks.
Alright, uh, Joe is behind you. What have you been playing lately, Joe?
Also known as Dark Tetsuya from our website. I actually picked up Need for Speed Underground.
Oh, how's that? It's kind of cool. I want to get the second
one. How is it different from other Need for Speed
games? I don't know, there's a lot of emphasis on
tuning your car. Making it look cool. So it's like Pimp My Ride?
Pretty much. Only more fun. Alright, we gotcha. Alright, cool, cool.
Well, um, it looks like Loki's got everything switched back on Justin.TV from our, uh, from
our bra- uh oh, what happened? Did we not get any audio over there?
Uh oh. We'll see what happens. There might be some feedback. Live radio, of course we
do tape live on Sunday nights at AllGames.com. They don't see video, just audio for some
reason on Justin.TV, but again, Justin.TV is not the top priority. We are trying to
do a radio show, so we'll figure it out one way or another, I guess.
Uh, anyhow, um, I want to get back into gaming news, but we need Loki to start us off. That's
alright, just don't worry about it for a minute. Just let it- they can deal.
Chatham always goes up in arms when Justin.TV goes down. I'm like, it's a radio show!
It's working! You don't need Justin.TV. Alright.
It's working now, it wasn't plugged in all the way or something.
Alright, fair enough. Alright. Anyways, so, um, the Nintendo DSI was announced this week
that it would be coming out in the US, um, in the rest of North America on April 5th,
which is pretty close to estimates made by certain media outlets, but, um, it will be
coming out in the, um, North American region in two different colors, both black and kind
of a light blue, and will be retailing for $169.99. Neat, I guess. Um, yeah, I don't
know. Um, I'm not probably gonna pick one up myself, but, um, I don't know, they're
kinda cool, I guess. What's also neat, though, um, they're gonna be still supporting the
regular DS, of course, with the four colors that they have available, and, uh, no word
on when there's actually gonna be some DSI exclusive, um, cartridges, because right now
the only kind of exclusive stuff for the DSI is the stuff in the DSIware store, so.
You know, I was reading some interesting stories on the internet this week about prototypes
for the DSI and how at one point they wanted it to have, like, two DS card slots, but I
don't, I never really understood why. I don't get that either. By the way, that blue DS
is butt ugly. Well, maybe, maybe they were thinking that they could do, like, say, for
example, multi-cart games or something like that, because the storage on the DS cartridges
is pretty small, maybe have, like, half a game on one cartridge, half on another cartridge,
and you plug them both in, and then you don't have to, you know, swap cartridges, I guess.
The problem with the blue DSI for me, and we have actdeft in chat, says, I like the
blue DSI. The problem with the blue DSI for me, it's one of my high school's colors. My
old high school, that was actually one of their colors, that gross light blue type color.
Black. Not my favorite. Alright, well, also coming out on April 5th, a game that I'm sure
a lot of our long-time listeners who are into music games, since that's what we started
on, would be interested in. Rhythm Heaven, also known as, of course, Rhythm Tengoku overseas.
Rhythm Heaven is going to be coming out on April 5th, as well as the DSI systems. Just
so you know, this game was made by the same people that made WarioWare, and it's kind
of like, it's something like that, but it's more with music. It's really hard to explain
this game. I played it at PAX, so this game has kind of been ready a little while, but
it's kind of some cool little musical mini-games. So, I think there'll be a lot of folks that
enjoy that, and I love this little alien character in the game, too, and I've seen that on people's
live journal icons and stuff, so there you go. So that is coming out as well on April
5th, and I'm sure there'll be plenty of folks getting copies of that. Well, there's actually
supposed to be more games coming out there saying that they're working on an adaptation
of Katamari Damacy and Mr. Driller for the DSiWare, according to Famitsu, anyway. There's
also going to be a Wii game of Mr. Driller, Mr. Driller World, that has a DS version that's
supposed to be called- oh my god, how am I going to pronounce this? Okay, I'm gonna try.
I butcher names all the time in the Japanese release dates. This is long. Alright. Sekuto
Hamureru Hori Hori Action, which will have 17 levels, to be out in Japan next week. Alpha
Kananagram in chat says, that Katamari game is just a re-skinned pack attack. Cheap. Cheap.
Not surprising. You know, they better make these releases good, or people are gonna say
all these DSi things are cheap. I don't know. Well, I can imagine that most of them will
be cheap. But, oh well. Now, if you happen to be living in Europe, you're in luck. You
get the DSi a couple days early. It will be releasing there on April 3rd. However, no
price has been announced yet. In Europe, luckily, will not be getting Ugly Blue, but they will
be getting White and Black. So, I don't know why, for whatever reason, I guess us Americans
can't handle White. It's gotta be Blue. Interesting. Interesting as well that Europe usually gets
screwed by Nintendo on release dates, but now it's actually gonna beat the US by a couple
days. Just a couple days. They'll probably get screwed on price still, but a couple days.
So I guess only a couple reasons to bitch, I don't know. Anyhow, some big news coming
out of California this week. We live in a very interesting state, obviously. We broadcast
out of California and all of the people you see on the show are California residents.
We've had this whole budget crisis going on where none of us have been getting state tax
returns because they don't have the money, basically. They finally signed a budget middle
last week after, what, like 106, 109 days? Something crazy. Well, maybe they didn't pass
the budget on time because they were too busy dealing with video game laws. And guess what?
The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals came down this week and said that the California game
law has been stricken. Basically, they came out and placed a permanent injunction on it
and it's no longer there. The ESA president, Michael Gallagher, says this is a win, saying
it sends a clear signal at these types of reckless legislations. It's wasting taxpayers'
money, government time, and state resources. Of course, Leland Yee, who has been heavily
involved in this bill and everything, is pushing for California to appeal the ruling to the
Supreme Court. By the way, I believe as a part of this, we will have to pay the ESA
fees for this, just like another state had to do not that long ago. I remember we covered
on the show. What a great thing for a broke state to be doing. Maybe you guys should just
give up on that whole thing. So whenever we talk about these video game laws and them
trying to censor video games and all this stuff, we get angsty. And when we get angsty,
FUs of the week happen. Believe it or not, I don't have any FUs. No, I take that back
all day. FUs are people who don't know how to grow the fuck up. And before anyone says
anything, it's not who people may think I'm talking about. I knew you were talking about
me. I knew it. Bitch. Well, you know what? I'm going to cut you. No, shoot. Okay, I'm
not going to go into detail, but I have... Okay, I'll go into a little detail. I have
a friend who, as long as I have known this person, basically gives off the impression
of being very generous and very open to people, but really it's all very self-serving. You
know what I mean? It's like, for anyone who is a philosophy nut like me, it's pretty much
like how Hobbes said people were, that you only do good deeds because it makes you feel
good. This is what I've come to realize about this particular person, so FU to that. Grow
the fuck up. I'm not going to deal with it anymore. Alrighty, Loki. FU for the second
week in a row to the weather for ruining yet another airsoft outing. I was supposed to
be going on Sunday today, this morning, however it is raining and will continue the rain until
next Sunday. It's so retarded. It was clear all week long and then fucking rained on Sunday,
the day that I'm going. So fuck you mother nature, fuck you right up your ass. Is it
possible to fuck mother nature in her ass? I don't know about that. I'm going to say
an FU to the fact that I'm kind of hungry and so I'm going to eat something soon. FU
to hunger pains. Drew, you got any FUs? Yeah. First off, FU to shitty service at the Ardent
Air Mall today. Okay, 20 minutes to prepare a meal at the Hibachi. What the fuck? I order
somehow there's a line formed. Oh, let's not go to Panda Express. Look, let's go to the
Hibachi-san. Let's go to Hibachi-san, I said. There's no line, I said. Oh no. On top of
everything else, we try to get portraits taken and that shit takes an hour and a half, causing
us to be late for the show. I'm not too pleased. Also, fuck you to the weather, fuck it in
its fucking ear. I'm sick and tired of it. It's sunny and then suddenly it rains. Way
to end the week on a good note. Kim, did you have anything? FU to being sick. I hate being
sick on vacation. Sucks. Being sick does suck. All right. And Joe, do you have anything for
our listeners for Angst? Yeah, fuck being hungry. Fuck being hungry. All right. Anyhow,
let's get back into some gaming news. Dark Sakura. That was a very interesting way that
you just said my name. Dark Sakura. Okay. So Disney. Okay. Disney is bringing Spectrobes
Origins to Wii, supposed to be coming out in the fall. It's motion sensing, you know,
large real time battle thing, full 3D RPG world, blah blah blah blah blah blah blah.
So there are the two DS versions. Spectrobes and Spectrobes Beyond the Portals are already
everywhere. So it's more Spectrobes. Yay. The end. Yay, the end. It's supposed to be
pretty good. I don't know. I mean, it's not a game I'm remotely interested in, but from
what I hear, it's supposed to be pretty good. It's been popular, I guess. Is it maybe just
for a particular audience? Um, yeah. Well, what they're doing now, they're actually launching,
I think, a cartoon as well, which will help because it's kind of like Pokemon. I mean,
the very Pokemon Digimon-esque, so I don't know. Really not for my age group at all.
Wait, refresh my memory. Spectrobes, wasn't that gimmicky bullshit game where you had
to yell at the things to turn them into little monsters? I don't remember that, but it was
the one that had the special cards that you place over the DS touch screen where you tap
the spots and it will unlock different things. Oh. Yeah. So anyways, it's supposed to be
pretty decent. At least they're trying to be innovative with it. And, you know, maybe
they'll bring their D-gamer service over onto the Wii. That'd be pretty sweet, but I doubt
it. Doubt it a lot. Anyways, if you're not interested, though, in Spectrobes, there are
some rumors of other games that are coming out that might be worth it. Brutal Legends
is rumored to possibly be coming out to the Wii, and that's interesting. There's some
other stuff. Apparently, this is all from EA and Activision's 2009 lineup. Activision's
DJ Hero is tentatively scheduled for July. It seems like a weird time to put that out
if that were actually the case. Apparently, DJ Hero will feature a three- the peripheral
will feature three color buttons, a turntable, and a fader. Wow, if that's the case, they're
in for a lawsuit. This second Lego Indiana Jones game will be out, apparently, before
Christmas. I can see that. Activision will release a new Guitar Hero song pack around
the holiday season that kind of goes in line with- I think there was a Guitar Hero, like,
greatest hits or something like that they're planning on putting out, so that might make
sense. Star Wars Battlefront III is still alive, but probably won't be out until 2010.
Well, of course that makes sense, because even though- was it a pandemic? Who am I thinking
of? Ah, whatever. Still, a game like that, very epic. Of course they're going to make
another one. Those are all rumors right now. Rumors. Things that we might see a little
more of at E3. Yeah, well, going to the DJ Hero thing, you know, I've seen prototypes
of the other DJ game coming out, and if that's the case, if it's got a crossfader and stuff,
that makes me kind of wonder if it's, you know, there might be a lawsuit because their
controller looks very similar. Hmm, we'll see what happens. Well, Lego! Gosh, those
Lego games, they sure know how to sell. The Lego Batman, the Lego Star Wars, Lego Indiana
Jones. Well, guess what's next? Lego Prince of Persia. That's coming out of the New York
Toy Fair that happened, yeah? Apparently, you know, since they are doing the movie,
they're doing the Prince of Persia movie, right? They're going to have some Lego figures
in place that's actually coming out for the game. Now, keep in mind, the toys are being
based off the movie, not the game. Keep this in mind, these are just toys for now, but
you never know. Could be a game later on. Lego Harry Potter's the next one, for sure.
Well, other than Lego Battles, but in the Lego MMO. So, Lego Racers. No Lego Prince
of Persia game yet, but Lego Prince of Persia toys are definitely going to be happening.
I could see the new Lego Harry Potter game. I could really see that too. It makes sense.
The audiences kind of go hand in hand. So, crazy, I don't know, crazy fangirls for Legos
and Harry Potter. Anyhow, let's get into the mailbag. Every week we invite your emails
at mailbag.orangelaungeradio.com and DarkSakura picks out a few of her favorites and reads
them here on the air for all of you guys to listen to us respond to. Veto. Or sometimes
Veto. Veto. Veto what? Veto this. Alright. Ooh, Rob. I mean, for great, me giving DarkSakura
the finger makes for great radio. Although Justin.tv can see it, so. Rob's a cheeky monkey.
Cheeky monkey. Alright, mails. Well, one's kind of a plug. After you saw this email,
I'm going to go ahead and plug it. A plug? Alright. We hear from Redertainment. Well,
we got an ask to plug book. I think he friended me on Facebook, so therefore you can plug
away. Okay. The Hawk by Hunter Red, which you can download for free at Redertainment.com
starting on March 1st. So go read it. What is it? Oh, it's a book? A novel. Oh, okay.
What a novel idea. Free distribution online. Make, you know, advocate literacy. Hey. So,
first actual email. I can see DarkSakura doing a PSA for reading. Read, goddammit! Read or
you're crap! Read something, you idiot! Illiteracy is stupid! Okay. Hi folks, just had a few
questions slash comments for tonight's show. Firstly, about the training cats for advertising,
what if something goes wrong? What if there's a, wait for it, catastrophe? Sorry, I just
had to go for the pun. It was too good to pass up. P. Additionally, with regard to you
and your wind complaints tonight, it could be worse. At least you folks don't have planes
crashing in your area, just in case other listeners don't remember me mentioning it
before. I live in Buffalo, New York. Also- Actually, we do have planes crashing in our
area. There was one that crashed I think in Elk Grove or something? It was around here.
I didn't hear about that. The guy was doing, was it take off and touchdown landings and
one of those landings he forgot to lower the landing gear and caught the plane on fire.
Don't! Oops. So no one got hurt. It was only one pilot. But still, it's a plane crash.
No one got hurt. It counts. That's a crash due to stupid. Also, in case you haven't read,
seen, listened to the news for the past few days, there was a commercial plane crash,
blah blah blah. Also, Buffalo lost Thursday night. Specifically, in the suburb of Clarence,
at least you're just dealing with wind. Yeah, you've been negated. If I may, and if Dark
Sakura has time to read this, I'd just like to say, hi, in quotes, to the Dark Fury Link
show on the Alexander server in Final Fantasy XI, add it! And specifically to Jaden, Nagiko,
and Digby Reloaded. Now go play a real game. That was from Spazinator. I'm just kidding.
I'm always so rude to my old game. Go play a real game, play Perfect World. I spent years
and years and years on Final Fantasy XI, just in case you guys don't know, so, you know.
And City of Heroes, I'm sorry, is WoW without the suck. It's WoW with Barbie. It's WoW with
superheroes. It's WoW with Barbie mode. It's fun! Oh my god, making the superhero, and
you can save them. Just let me know when the Hello Kitty beta comes out. It's so great.
I've made so many superhero costumes in the last week, because every time I would actually
try to log in and play the damn game, lose connection, log out. Fuck you. Don't. Anyway,
that's another story. Alright, was that it for mail? Last email. Oh no, one more, yay.
But jeez, I could just not read it. Hey, when I went in there earlier, there was only like
two emails, so I'm happy to hear there's more emails. It's actually from the same guy. Oh.
Because he sent the email late. Oh, there we go. I'll just read it anyway. Sure. Hi
folks, I just wanted to comment on a few things. Firstly, firstly is not a word, okay? Just
say first, or first of all, or in the beginning, no. FYI, I sent you an email last week during
the month. I only should have one R in it, thank you. But apparently, I sent it too late.
Not T-O-T-O-O, thank you. I'm sorry, you send late emails, you get graminated. Needless
to say, that it can be disregarded simply because I ended up calling in and repeated
what was in the email. Secondly, like, okay, Rob, your name is not Rob. I ended up getting
flowers too. Maybe he was drunk when he did the email. Maybe. I agree, it's a great game,
about flower. I agree, it's a great game, and very beautiful. Not only that, but it's
rather relaxing. I hate to call it a casual game, seeing as the term doesn't quite seem
to fit the game. Rather, I think calling flower a zen game seems to describe it a bit better.
By the way, here's an easy way to get two trophies for it. Play a level as normal, go
do something for ten minutes between levels, and bam, one trophy unlocked. Another one
can be unlocked by simply backing out of the game, fast forward the system clock by a week,
and re-enter the game, then you'll get the second trophy. What do you think though about
the analogy that it's a racing game? Flower's just a big fruity racing game. Um, I'm sure
the email, if it could, you know, grow sentience and speak on its own on behalf of Spazinator,
it would probably tell you, boobs. On an unrelated note, Rob commented that $60 for a game is
kinda expensive, especially if you're only somewhat into a given series. Well, I would
just like to point out that with the previous gen systems in their games, when taking inflation
into consideration, the older games are just as expensive as current gen games, and in
some situations, even more expensive. Well, thank you for allowing me to throw in my two
cents. Inflation, dude, it should be two bucks, and better bring chocolate with that. This
email is sponsored by GTA IV, Lost in the Damned, and Oscar Meyer, home of the Never
Ending Supply of Wieners. Okay, and you know, I'm only nitpicking just to, you know, be
a bitch, so. Alright. Hey, you heard it here first. I, like, apparently I like being a
rampaging bitch. Uh, let's see, bully maniacs in chat. Speaking of which, Sky, did you touch
on that last week? I didn't get home until way into the second part. Um, I don't remember.
What was the email about? Something? Uh, oh, Flower? I don't know. No, I didn't play Flower
until this week, so I don't think I talked about it last week. No, I was reading the
comment in chat. Next week's show is on the server, I just need to push it to the podcast
feed. We do it a little differently now on the new website, and I kind of botched the
first one, I think, so I'm being a little careful before I do 3.13. But I am trying
to get the podcast all caught up so people don't complain anymore. So, there we go. Alright,
let's move back into some gaming news. More emails, though. Mailbag, orangelaungeradio.com.
Don't send them. Don't send them. Send them, please. Okay. I'm being silly. Yes, apparently,
once again, there's more rumors pointing to the next Tony Hawk game using a brand new
skateboarding controller. I'm sure we're gonna see this at E3. I mean, it only makes sense
that they're gonna pull this stuff out. Apparently, Variety is saying, you know, kind of confirming
this, saying their sources show a new controller along with some details. Apparently, it won't
be about precise balance. Instead, it will be about grabbing and manipulating the board
to pull all sorts of tricks from which Tony Hawk games are known for. Interesting. Something
tells me that there's... I don't know. Why can't we just have the Tony Hawk Pro Skater
stuff where it was fun? It was whimsical. You're pulling off tricks in like a mall or
something ridiculous. Or why can't we just fire Tony Hawk out of a cannon at this point?
I mean, I'm just kind of done. It's not Tony Hawk's fault, okay? We can't... This is just
like the same argument that our actor ruins a movie. No, that may be the case sometimes,
but it's not Tony Hawk's fault. It's Activision's fault. Fine. Why can't we fire Activision
out of a cannon? I don't know. None of cannons. Will it blend? Yes, it will blend. It will
blend because the blending blades are made of the hairs from Chuck Norris' legs. Great.
Baron's chat has leaked into Orange Lounge Radio. And you know that that's not true because
there's nothing that could cut a hair on Chuck Norris' leg. Die! But he can make them out
himself and market them. Good point. I did not think about that. Anyways, yes. This will
be about as cool as that conversation right there. We'll have to see, I guess. But I don't
encourage any game being put out with some special controller because that just means
that they're going to be hard to find and expensive. Well, early in the show, Loki was
talking about House of the Dead Overkill because I think that was coming out this week, right?
It came out a couple weeks ago. Just a couple weeks ago and it's something that Loki wants
to play or something. I just remembered the name came out for some reason. It came out
last week. Ah, whatever. Anyway, here's the thing. The developers behind this game, Headstrong
Games, they have made it publicly known that they are interested in revitalizing one of
Sega's classic franchises, Virtua Cop. And this was in an interview with Cube 3. This
is the producer, Neil McEwen. He said they would love to do Virtua Cop or another light
gun game for Sega. So, there you go. Apparently, the whole House of the Dead thing came to
be when they were meeting with Sega about possibly doing a game in one of their franchises.
And House of the Dead is what was settled on. However, if they continue, and you know
this game does well, and they decide they want to do another game, could Virtua Cop
be a possibility? We'll see. I don't know how y'all feel about that, but it could be
interesting. So, we'll see. Do I gotta? Yeah, and Game Guru in chat says, uh, Sega, let
them do Virtua Cop. You know, Virtua Cop would actually be pretty fun. I had a lot of fun
playing it when it was new. Sorry. The whole Virtua series, they should just rename Virtua
Fighter to, oh look, another 3D fighter. Or Virtua Cop to, look, another gun game. Or
something like that. Anyway. Well, there's something wonderful that came out to Club
Nintendo members in Japan. It was special. They could get a Wii controller that looked
like an SNES pad, and now you can get one too for $75, courtesy of Playasia. But hey,
it looks just like a real SNES pad. Even though it's really a Wii classic controller. Whatever
the fuck. You know, I'll probably get one. The real deal. Or I'll just probably break
out my paint. Ooh, it does look pretty cool though. I don't know, it's kind of expensive.
You know what, you could totally rewire, I bet you anything, because keep in mind the
classic controller actually is in the shape of the Super Famicom controller, which was
slightly different shape than our Super Nintendo controller as you'll recall, right? You can
though get Super Famicom controllers at like, eBay anywhere really, and probably just reshell
it, you know, it's not hard at all. I'd do it. I'm a cheap bitch. That is, I don't know,
I'm kind of over the whole Wii Virtual Console stuff until they put something really good
on there, and yeah, so I'm just kind of, I don't really need this controller. We'll see.
I definitely don't need this controller, because I don't play Virtual Console games anymore.
You don't. Yes. Which is too bad. But, there's some other retro games that might be interesting,
including some fictional ones. D3, the publisher behind the new parody game, Eat, Lead, The
Return of Matt Hazard, is actually planning on releasing some of these retro parodies
on Xbox Live Arcade and the Playstation Network. It's supposed to be coming out this summer
at some point. No word on exactly what it is, but it'll probably be one of the in-joke
games that are going to be part of this game itself. I thought I heard a rumor that there
was going to be some of those games unlockable in, you know, Eat, Lead, so I don't really
know what they're going to be doing there, but I don't know. That'd be kind of neat if
they're good. But otherwise, you know, I think also it kind of, hopefully Eat, Lead does
well because otherwise you're going to have some spinoff of a game that sucked. No one's
going to really want to play it. So, we'll see.
I don't know much about this series, but I'm assuming this chat comment is in reference
to this. Game Guru says, Has Matt Karts will be interesting?
Yeah. Well, it's a fictional game series. Interesting. You know, speaking of like fictional
games and stuff, what is that retro game that came out on DS this week that sounds really
interesting, or last week I think it was? The Retro Game Collection or something like
that? Yeah, Retro Game Challenge, the Game Center
CX. That sounds kind of funny. I want to check
that game out. They have the sequel just came out in Japan
too, and it's actually one of the retro games, and it's actually like a 16-bit game now,
which is supposed to be a big deal. But it's interesting.
I like that they have like old magazines and stuff in there. Like, it's all made up.
There's another one. I don't remember what it was called now, but it was that PSP game,
the one that you play 30 seconds at a time. I saw a video on that, and it looks awesome.
It's so cheesy. I don't remember the name of it. We covered
it in a previous show. I remember talking about that though.
Yeah, I think Yusha 30. Yeah, Yusha 30. It looks awesome, so I'm looking forward to checking
that out, but there's like, you know, you have to go to towns and stuff like that, and
you really have 30 seconds in between each thing, but you can get more time if you like
visit certain people and stuff. And AcidicVampire in Chat says, Retro Game
Challenge is really good. I just got it this past week. This is why I like having a live
chat room during the show. You know, not a lot of podcasts can do this. There's some
out there, you know, some of the others that are on all games, but not a lot of podcasts
can do this, kind of interact and get answers live when we're stumped. Like, I don't remember
the name of that game. Somebody usually knows it, or we get instant game reviews on these
games we haven't, you know, we're too poor to check out. So, just loving the chat, chat.hornsonshortheday.com.
Anyway, let's talk about Quake Live, and this is one I am excited to check this out, because
this is the one, this is Quake, but now it's in your browser, and I guess it's going to
be free and ad-supported. I'm so excited about this.
Was this one based off Quake 3 or something? I think it is Quake 3, yes, but Quake Live
is apparently going to start the open beta this next week. All the statistics that are
being, that are on the server now, they're going to be kicked out from the closed beta.
Tuesday, February 24th is apparently when the open beta testing period is going to be
announced. Quake Live, again, is a web-based version of Quake. So, pretty exciting. I'm
sure they're going to change some things. I don't think it's just a port of the game,
but yeah, all you have to do if you want to check this out, just go to www.quakelive.com
on February 24th, and check it out, and maybe I'll be there playing, because I love playing
Quake back in my college days in the dorms. Quake and Quake 3, I mean, the original Quake
I'm a little more partial to, but I did love Quake 3. Quake 2, I did not get into.
Did you play ASCII Quake? Huh?
Did you play ASCII Quake?
Actually, I think I did. I seem to recall that, yes.
Well, here's some different joy. Joy has a much different variety for those of us who
have iPhones and iPod Touches. Rob, you're in the club. You'll be happy.
Yes.
Oregon Trail is going to be on the iPhone and iPod Touch, Gameloft is making it, and
you will be going from Independence, Michigan to Willamette Valley in Oregon, and it will
be available probably the end of this month or beginning of next, with no price announced
yet, but hey, it's Oregon Trail. It has skill-based minigames, and some of them use the accelerometer,
and you can die of dysentery.
I know. I was going to say, now I can ford the river wherever I go. That'd be awesome.
Yes.
Great.
It actually looks pretty good.
That's what Enfolded Raptor in our chat room says. Dysentery on the go. Somebody in our
chat room, I don't even know if I should say the name, because they were in the NDA beta,
and it says, everybody play it, the Quake Live, so apparently it's really good, and
I'm hearing a lot of endorsements for it, so sounds good.
All right, let's move on. Just a couple more stories, and we're going to open up our Skype
line at 1-877-GAME-OLR, our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio. We'll be opening that
very soon. We just got a couple quick more stories for you guys.
Yes, speaking of beta testing, Sony is looking for some new game testers as well. What will
you be possibly playing? A new game machine. Hmm. People are thinking that's going to be
either part of the Playstation Portable series, or possibly maybe even like a Playstation
phone or something like that. Could it be possibly the Playstation 4? I may have to
go early for that, but I can see maybe like the PSP 4000 or something.
Could it be a new enhancement to Playstation 3? Could it be like a new home, I don't know,
like a home type thing, like an expansion that all Playstation users will have? Is that
a possibility, or is this like hardware? It's going to be hardware. New game machine.
Interesting. It's probably a PSP version too. It says basically they're looking for someone,
it's a job listing on Sony Computer Entertainment, Japan's website. It says it's asking for someone
to evaluate and assess a new game machine. Ponzi in our chat room suggests it will be
the PS 2.5. Could it be yet another reiteration of the Playstation 2, you think?
Maybe, well not the PS 2, maybe like a new PSP, like kind of like the DSi that's enhanced
with the old stuff. They just had a new PSP, didn't they?
Yeah, but I'm talking about like when it actually redesigns the PSP.
Like a PSP part 2. Not like something that, oh look now it has
a microphone on it, that's retarded. Or, oh look, now it's a little bit slimmer. I'm talking
about something that actually, oh look, it's another analog stick. Or, you know, now the
screen's bigger and shinier, I don't know. Now I can make phone calls with it.
We'll see. I know, but every, you see, every time I hear about like gaming phones, I get
really nervous because I think about the N-Gage, you know, and just what a crap system that
was. What? The N-Gage was crap from the beginning.
But then the iPhone is kind of cool. Don't worry.
Super cool. Don't worry though, the Gizmondo is still
coming out, I think. I actually liked that game that I played
on the Gizmondo, the, the guitar game. That was pretty fun.
The Johnny whatever, was that what it was called?
Yeah. Wow, how do I remember that?
That was, it was actually a fun little game. Huh.
When I could hear it at E3 years and years ago.
One of the wonderful downsides to E3. Acidic Vampire says he wants the PSP to make
dinner and bring a beer. What?
I don't know. Game Guru, you were like, do you have an iPhone?
Because if you have an iPhone, you're allowed to, to make that assessment.
So, he said the iPhone is a lousy gaming device.
You're allowed to make that assessment if you've actually played games on one for a
significant amount of time. Alright, let me move on.
I got one more story, then we'll open up the Skype Live.
Maybe they'll call in, who knows. Hideo Kojima is going to get another Lifetime
Achievement Award. He's only 45 years old, by the way, but he
has met his Lifetime Achievement from the Game Developers Choice Awards, which are happening
on March 25th. So Hideo Kojima is going to be getting that
award. You know, because he kind of made Metal Gear
and all. So, kind of makes sense that, you know, he's
probably nominated for something like this and is getting this.
By the way, this is his second award in just a short time.
His first award was a Lifetime Achievement Award from the MTV Game Awards that wasn't
here in the U.S. That was in Germany, by the way, where Hideo
Kojima got that award. So, kind of interesting, because last week
I know we had a big story on the Metreon. We were talking about how the Metreon had
that Walk of Fame in it, and then, you know, now the Metreon's big Sony store is closing.
And we were wondering if they even did that Walk of Fame anymore.
Kind of, kind of goes hand in hand with that. I'm sure Hideo Kojima probably has a little
star or whatever they call it on that Walk of Fame.
But who knows? I do remember where that was, though.
I remember walking on that before they had anybody in it.
It was like an elevated platform, if I remember right.
It was kind of interesting. Anyhow, random story.
Now let's take your random calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR. Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
The Skype line is now open, and we'll get to those calls momentarily.
There's a little, like, gap between when we say something live and when they actually
go out over the radio. Oh, nope, we're getting a call already.
So we'll take this call, and then we'll get some last-minute stories.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Deathwishing.
Hello, Deathwishing. What's on your mind?
Street Fighter IV.
Yes. We were talking about that at the very, very, very top of the show.
Are you, I'm assuming you're a fan?
I just picked it up, actually.
You just picked it up?
I played it when I was, like, five, and I never really got serious at it, and I just
figured, time to get serious at it, and I get my ass beat, but I'm having fun getting
my ass beat.
Now, when I hear you say you haven't played it since you were five, I'm assuming that
means Street Fighter II, right?
It was a Street Fighter cabinet. That's all I know.
Wow. Because maybe it was, like, an old, old-school Street Fighter game. That one didn't even
play like any of the others, but all right. So, what, you've been playing this online,
and just getting your ass beat?
I've been playing as Sakura, pretty much.
Yeah? Do you have a-
Because too many Kens. Too many Ken Barbie doll people.
Really? I've kind of seen a mixture of people online. What about-
Play Dan.
I've played a- somebody was playing Crimson Viper. I played one of those.
Dan's homo.
And, uh-
What? If you can kick somebody's ass with Dan, then you are awesome.
Um, so, well, what about this whole accessibility thing, where, uh, you, uh, they say this game
is very accessible, and you say you haven't played this for a long time.
Like noobs? Like me?
Yeah.
I'm getting my ass beat a lot.
What about against the computer?
Well, against the computer, you can progress up. I've-
I mean, the AI in the game is ruthless, though. Holy crap.
Seth. My god.
Yeah, we were talking about how Seth is a bastard.
He's very-
All I know is, don't use the 360 controller for it. I have to use that.
It sucks. I almost got it on PlayStation 3, based on the controller alone,
but then I realized, I think I know, like, maybe two or three people playing it on PlayStation 3,
and I know far more on the 360, so I finally caved and got the 360.
Actually, I do have to say-
All I know is, like, if you want to play, it's like, invest in a fight pad,
because I heard those are really good, and they're like the Sega controller,
and then, like, the tournament edition stick is super accurate.
Like, you can just pull out the same move over and over.
Those little pads, they're good, too?
Yeah, we've got one.
Really?
Yeah, they're pretty good.
I'm gonna have to come to your house and test one.
Keep in mind, we first-
No, not your house.
We pre-ordered it on PS3, and we actually paid for a tournament stick,
and then we switched it to Xbox 360,
so we have to go find another way to get a tournament stick,
but in the meantime, Dan got the little fighting pad.
It's pretty good.
How was that the GameStop tournaments?
How was that?
I've heard some reports coming in from plenty of those around the country.
How did you do?
One beat five people,
then got beat by a guy who's ranked three in California.
Wait, wait, wait.
But you've not played the game since you were, like, five,
yet you did that well in the tournament?
Because I chose a place to go to that I knew people would walk in to be like,
oh, look, a tournament.
Oh, like at the mall or something?
Yeah.
Okay, that makes sense.
That makes sense.
Huh.
Plus I bought the games two days before it came out.
Wait, you said you were in California.
Where in California?
Southern.
Oh, okay, down in the LA area.
Well, you get lots of looky-loos in the malls down there anyway,
so it makes sense.
All right, well, anything else on your mind tonight, Death Wishing?
Um, Killzone 2.
Yeah, looking forward to that.
Um, I've actually saw there's someone on JTV playing it,
and it looks great, and I don't have a PS3,
and I'm a huge fan of the Killzone series.
Uh, you can get those demo codes, though, right?
But only if you, what, pre-ordered it?
Yeah, if you pre-ordered the game,
you could have got, like, the multiplayer demo or something.
Yeah.
Yeah, I think that's just the normal demo, actually.
Well, I saw some people giving away codes on Twitter for it,
so I know it must have been kind of hard to get, so...
It's not hard to get, you just create a European account and done.
Ah, Sneaky Sneaky.
I have it on my PS3 right now, I mean, so...
Sneaky Sneaky.
Thank you, British people.
Well, then maybe we need to,
we need to fire up Killzone and compete with the other channel.
No, I have no idea who else is showing it, but...
It's hot-blooded gaming or something, I don't know.
It's so interesting, when we first started on Justin TV,
there really was not a lot of gaming stuff on there at all,
but now there's tons of people just kind of showing what they play on there, so...
But, hey, props to them.
It's definitely expanded the community over there on Justin TV, so...
Alright, well, we're gonna let you go so we can get some more calls,
but thanks for the call, buddy, alright?
Alright, thanks.
Have a good one.
Have a good day.
And, yeah, you too.
And good job in the tournament, for, you know, that's still pretty good.
Noobs or not.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio, who's this?
Hi, this is your friendly neighborhood Mexican, Agdeft.
Hello, Agdeft, how are you doing?
I'm pretty fine right now.
Awesome, awesome.
We have a little bit of lag, probably because of the fact that you are in another country,
so why don't you go ahead and ask us your question, or whatever you called in about tonight.
Well, I basically wanted to talk about Street Fighter IV here in Mexico, because
something pretty bad happened, especially with the collector's edition for PlayStation 3.
Please, tell us about it.
It's a pretty big shortage.
How did it happen?
How did the shortage happen?
Well, nobody knows how it happened.
It just happened.
Basically, most of the stores that had pre-orders for the Street Fighter IV version on the PS3,
the collector's edition one, basically got cut off by Capcom,
and they didn't get sent all the pre-orders they had in stock, or they had planned to sell.
That's so strange.
Were they redirected to the US to maybe meet demand?
And they were like, well, we could screw over other countries if we meet the demand here.
It seems a little odd.
Yeah, most people are thinking that, and that's pretty much it, because it got sold out in the US.
Screw Mexico, possibly, so I'm sorry for the PS3 owners that wanted the collector's edition,
because it's a pretty good one.
It's a pretty good deal you're getting on that box.
Yeah, that is kind of a bummer.
Sometimes we forget, we're kind of spoiled living here in the US sometimes.
Just out of curiosity, to kind of put it in perspective, how much would you be paying
for the collector's edition over there, for Street Fighter IV?
If I'm correct, I'm pretty sure it's around 1,500 pesos for the collector's edition,
and 1,000 for the regular edition, though most people on the, not to call it the black market,
but maybe what they call here at the Anglies, that would be a flea market or a swap meet.
They could sell it for over 2,000 pesos.
That would be like around $150 on the US.
Wow, yeah, I'm just looking at conversion rates right now.
It's about 10.8 pesos to the dollar.
So let's see, he said it would be about 1,500 to get it legitimately.
Divide that by 10.8598.
It's actually 1,450.
Wow, that's like $138 though, or 130 bucks.
Wow.
Yeah.
So sometimes we're a little spoiled here, so we have to remember that.
Well, you know, maybe next time you need to get some friends in the US
and just mail you the game or something.
You probably get it faster and cheaper.
Yeah, yeah, most possibly.
It's a good thing that I got the 360 version over at Amazon, so I'm not gonna worry about it.
Out of curiosity, I don't know if you know the answer to this or not,
but are you able to order games from the US?
Like say you can order a game from amazon.com in the US and have it shipped to Mexico,
or did they not do that?
I'm basically, I'm getting some help from my friend.
The game is going to be delivered over the US.
Since I'm pretty much next to the border, he can go and pick it up.
I just paid with my Mexican credit card.
That I can do, but I cannot get shipped games over here.
I can get movies and I think books, but everything else, no.
I do have to say, it's actually for Amazon UK, I can order books and they'll ship here,
but I can't order a game or a toy from the UK.
I'd have to ship it to a UK address.
Well, plus you'd get into region issues at that point, right?
Yeah, when I was trying to order Doctor Who toys, I couldn't have them shipped to me.
Bummer.
Because I wanted a Cyberman.
But we have listener friends in the UK that could help you out, right?
I'm sure.
All right, that's cool.
All right, well, act deaf.
We got to wrap things up and let you go, but do you have any other quick final thoughts
you want to get out there before we let you go?
Well, even though we got screwed on the previous version of the collector's edition of Street
Fighter IV, basically the rest of the world, Mexico, Japan, and Europe got the 360 Ring
controller that it has a definitely better D-pad.
I have two controllers here with me and they definitely work.
And it's basically the same controller as the white one that comes with the console.
Though the D-pad, you see it and it's the same, but you feel it and it's definitely better.
I really hope they think about Super Street Fighter Turbo with it and it's better.
I really hope they think about bringing that pad over here to the US.
That would be great.
But at least we have those fighting game pads that apparently are pretty good.
So I'm going to definitely check that out.
Anyway, act deaf.
Have a good one, buddy.
Thanks so much for the call and good luck on your quest for Street Fighter IV.
And sorry to hear that you guys got the shaft on that one.
That's always a bummer.
Take care, buddy.
Yeah, thanks.
All right.
If you want to give us a call, we'll take another one.
1-877-GAME-OLR or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
But wait, we already have a call dropped in.
Hey, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
It's a kind of exhausted Jason.
Jason, am I exhausting you from all my needy tells about the podcast feed?
I'm like, I don't understand.
I follow Deep Man's instructions.
That just put it on the website.
It didn't put it on the feed.
Help me, Jason.
No, it's actually kind of weird.
I haven't, it's, I don't know.
And then it disappeared from the website.
I don't know.
I need to talk to Deep Man about it.
I don't know.
I'm confused.
But I have one more episode to get us all caught up.
And then I'm going to try and get tonight's episode up.
I don't know if it'll realistically happen tomorrow.
Tomorrow is my mother's birthday.
So I have to, you know, go out and spend some time with her.
Which by the way, if I am not mistaking, this is 68.
My mother's going to be.
So, yep.
Anyhow, sorry.
Not that everybody cares.
But anyways, Jason, what'd you call and talk about tonight?
I was going to say that your parents are old.
But at the same time, you are also older than me.
Yeah, I am 30.
By a fair margin.
So it kind of...
But my parents had me late.
My mom had me when she was 38.
No wait, that would make sense.
She'd have to be turning 69.
Wow, I'm a bad kid.
I don't even know how old my mom is.
But you know, it all starts to blend together after 65.
So yeah, I guess she's going to be 69, actually.
So anyhow, what'd you call in about?
Surely you didn't call in and talk about my mom.
I don't know.
That's kind of...
Anyways, the Tony Hawk story is kind of interesting.
Because the only thing that comes to mind...
There's only two things that come to mind when they talk about a custom controller.
The first one is the arcade cabinet.
The skateboard that Top Skater had in the entire arcade cabinet setup.
And then the only other thing that comes to mind is that since we have wireless controllers now,
something resembling like those tech decks that were really popular between 5 and 10 years ago.
Wow, I haven't heard about a tech deck in a long time.
Okay, okay.
Exactly, exactly.
And it's just kind of... I'm trying to envision myself...
First of all, I sucked with those things.
I couldn't do anything on those stupid things.
But no matter which way I try to think of it logistically,
it just doesn't seem to stick out as to any kind of a good experience.
I mean, the whole design behind Top Skater was that
the tighter timing you have to the best part of the jump, the better trick you do.
And there's only two, maybe three tricks you can do per thing of timing.
And that's whether you nollie off the front, ollie off the back.
And I think the angle might make a difference too or something like that.
Or the way that you shift the skateboard on its mount.
But it's just... it sounds so stupid to me.
Because we have a controller that works for this stuff already.
It's the same thing that I said with home on the PS3.
We have an interface, we have a system that works.
You come up with a stupid gimmick like this,
and it's going to artificially inflate the cost and be stupid.
This game is on the Wii, right?
Nope, PS3 and 360.
Wow, I was just saying, it's probably on the Wii.
It's another...
Well, it's probably going to be on the Wii as well.
They're used to stupid gimmicks over there.
Oh, I don't know.
It's just really weird to think about.
It's the unfortunate downside to Guitar Hero and Rock Band being very popular.
And the Wii, actually all three of those things getting popular roughly around all the same time,
has put this stigma out there that, wow, all these extra peripherals can sell like crazy!
And so now we've got things like this.
Not that the power pad is ever really something to legitimize at all,
but the... or rather the power glove.
The power glove, the track and field mat,
the... whatever that Sega Genesis controller beam, octagon...
Activator.
... was.
Wasn't it the activator?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I had an activator.
I know, they were awesome.
I just want to say, though, about the power pad.
That... the power pad was badass when I was a kid, because I was probably like,
you know, I'm a little older than the rest of you,
and I was probably like 9 or 10 when the power pad first came out.
We used to have a blast playing freaking track meet,
and I will... well, first off, I remember for the long jump,
the trick was you jump off the pad,
and then jump back on, fly just like so far,
but also the other thing would be short order and eggsplode.
That game was awesome.
I have never heard of that.
Short order eggsplode, look it up.
That's... that should be a classic game of the week sometime.
That was a power pad.
It was basically like... it was like Simon, you know,
like the... I remember that was one of it was the one game was
you had to make a burger by jumping around the pad
to different things to add the lettuce and all this stuff,
and then the other one... I swear to God, this is the game.
Oh, so it's like live-action burger time.
But it was kind of... it was two games in one,
because then eggsplode was something completely different,
which is basically like you step on the particular button to get the egg.
It was a little silly.
Interesting.
Dance Aerobics.
I played them all. I played all those power pad games.
I never had an NES, so my power pad gaming,
it was limited to the track and field, of course.
Right. Anyway, sorry.
I'm actually kind of glad to see somebody talking about the props...
about Prop Cycle.
That was... that was a big, expensive rig,
but that was a really good game.
I love Prop Cycle so much.
Prop Cycle gets props.
Did you have... no, look online.
Did you ever see the Prop Cycle that hooked up to an Addams Family pinball?
Trust me, just look it up.
What a pointless fucking combination.
It's... it's... it's brilliant and stupid at the same time.
Just... just look it up.
I'll find a link and put it in the chat room.
Sounds good to me.
You know, we... Dark Sakura, we need more content on the website,
and I'm thinking one thing you ought to do is like a brilliant but stupid column,
and that should be something that you put in there.
Okay.
Like in gaming.
Brilliant but stupid.
We'll see.
All right, Jason, any other quick thoughts before we let you go, buddy?
The GT... the GTA 4 loss in the damn controversy you guys were talking about before.
Yes.
The debate.
I'm so tired of it in general.
You know they did it just... just to see what would happen.
You know that's why they did it.
Because they don't make every layer.
If you make a person, the texture is closed.
Well, here's the other thing, and I should have brought this up earlier in the show,
because who knows how many people have actually listened this far two and a half hours in the show.
Here's the thing.
I bet they did it this way, because the peen isn't really on the disc.
It's not in the game.
It's in the download content.
It's almost like the reverse of hot coffee, where you had to like hack the disc or whatever.
You know, basically, you know, basically use the little code to unlock the sex scene.
All right.
It's like the complete reverse of that.
I feel like they almost did this just like... like they knew...
This is the finger.
They knew in the beginning they wanted to put the peen in the game, but they thought,
no, let's do it in the download content.
Because then people who get mad and want to take this game off shelves, well, it's not
really in the game.
You have to consciously pay to download or whatever.
A little weird.
Jason, did you see the picture?
No, I haven't.
I tend to stop clicking around and whatnot when I'm on a call.
All right.
Well, we'll let you go so you can go check that out and post your things in chat.
But thanks for the call as always, Jason.
Yep.
And thank you for my venting earlier when I couldn't get the podcast up.
Of course.
People sometimes forget you're a big part of this show as well, even though it may not
be your voice they have to hear for three hours every Sunday.
So how would you play that game?
All right.
Take care, Jason.
Night.
How would you be able to play Adam Sandler football like that?
You just...
You pretty much, as far as I'm aware, you're pretty much just running the machine while
you're on the prop cycle and triggering stuff.
Let's do a couple of last minute stories and we'll do one more call because we didn't take
a lot of calls last week.
So we'll get to like one more call tonight.
So yeah, Loki?
There's a contest.
Well, I don't know really if it's a contest, but basically Codemasters wants you to name
your baby Jason in the UK because they're trying to get their game Rise of the Argonauts.
They're trying to get Jason to the top of the UK's top 50 most popular baby names.
That is completely dumb.
And if you do name your baby Jason because of this, I hope you get your tubes tied soon
after.
Yeah.
Brilliant and stupid.
Not brilliant at all.
It's just stupid.
It's just stupid.
It's just stupid.
Now, if you name your kid Jason for other reasons, you know, you have a grandpa named
Jason or you just like the name.
That's fine.
But if you name it, Jason, because Friday the 13th.
All right.
Look, we got another call on the line.
I don't want to keep him waiting.
Hi.
You're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Who's this?
Yeah.
What up, guys?
It's Xenocore from the Ultimate Quest.
How you doing?
Xenocore, how you doing?
We haven't heard from you in a while.
How are things going at Ultimate Quest?
We haven't heard from Footy in a while either.
Yeah.
Lots of real world stuff is kind of hitting us all at the moment.
I moved and got a new job.
Footy's in the middle of finals, you know, this, that, the other thing.
So we are planning on coming back, but we got to get our real lives in order first.
I was going to say, I think you've got Star Ocean this week.
So you're going to need to get things together because that's, that's a big RPG.
Yeah, that's true.
That's true.
But I've been focusing in other areas since I was cut off from the interwebs, you know,
sort of need an internet connection to do the MMO thing.
True.
So I went back to some of my old conquests and dug up a copy of Falcon 4 after I heard
Tandric's mate mention it on his show the other day.
And on top of that, the new release of 40K Dawn of War 2 just came out.
Oh, that's, that's the Warhammer one?
Yeah, the Warhammer RTS game.
Yeah.
They just released version two.
That was that one that they, didn't they not put it on GameStop shelves because it
was coming out on Steam or something.
It was this whole thing going on back and forth.
Okay.
Yeah.
I know what this game is.
Yeah.
How is it?
Yeah, it's pretty good.
It's probably the closest to the actual figurine tabletop game yet, which for fanboys
like me is great, but for some other people, they don't like it too much.
It's more tactical than it is strategic.
Dark Soccer is not a big fan of the little figurines in Warhammer.
She went on a tangential, but that's just because of her prior relationship.
She was a lot years and years ago.
I've still heard rumors to the effect of Tyranids being incredibly broken.
Well, well, not so much now.
I mean, things are pretty well balanced.
It's just online.
You really have to pay attention to what you're doing because there is no base building
in this.
Everything is done by putting your troops out in the field.
So where you position them and what areas are looking in are a lot more important than
what they used to be.
Speaking of Warhammer, I have a random question.
I'm sorry.
This probably isn't what you called in to talk about, but Warhammer online, is this
turning into the next Age of Conan where like it has a huge launch, does very well, and
then, you know, like it's, I get the sense I'm getting is that Warhammer is kind of not
maintaining the large user base it had at get go or am I completely wrong?
Does anybody know?
Well, if you look at it, the guys who built Warhammer Mythic, I mean, they're known for
their PVP stuff from Dark Age of Camelot, and that's pretty much what this game is built
towards.
So if you're not into it for the PVP, you may not want to last as long because, you
know, there's only a 40 level cap.
You know, the end game comes a lot sooner, mainly to get you into PVP stuff.
So if, you know, going up against other players isn't your thing, then you're sort of going
to get turned off from it after a while.
And you run out of PVE content pretty quickly, or at least so I've heard from my friends
who play it.
Interesting.
I was playing it for a little while, and it's not that I dislike the game, but at the time
I was so sucked into WoW, I couldn't balance two games.
So I had to cut one of those.
Oh look, another public quest.
Oh look, same public quest.
Oh no, we were out of public quests.
You know, I thought those public quests were actually a pretty neat idea.
Like, that was kind of cool.
It had some neat ideas, so that's why I'm a little sad to hear it's bleeding out users,
but, you know, at the same time, if not everybody's in it for PVP, that could make sense, so.
But I don't think that it's going to go away, though.
I think it's going to stay above critical mass.
It'll just be one of those other ones that are just sitting quietly in the corner, like
EverQuest and EverQuest 2 and Planetside and all these other classic ones that are still
running.
Here's another game I played this week, I didn't talk about my gaming week, but I actually
went back and checked out Phantasy Star Universe for a little while, and you would be surprised,
on the Xbox 360, Block 1 and Block 2 are still full a lot of the times, especially during
primetime gaming hours.
You know, they still have, you would think that game would be completely dead, but they
still have a very loyal user base in there, which was amazing because they still have
Christmas decorations up, although I think they get away with it because they call it
Winter something, so technically it's still winter, but, interesting.
One other thing, did anybody in your area or anybody listening happen to get into the
GameStop Street Fighter IV competition that happened this weekend?
I did not go, did anybody in the room go?
I don't think so, but we did have a caller just a little bit ago talk about his experience
there in Southern California, but did you go?
Yeah, there was one in Jacksonville, luckily enough, I went in, got to Round 2, and I got
my ass, well, not handed to me, it was a 3-2 victory for him, but he's an old schooler
like me, so I didn't feel too bad about it, and he actually ended up winning the store,
so I was content with that.
Well, if you're going to lose to someone, lose to the eventual winner, I suppose.
Exactly, exactly.
That's what I felt, like, back in the days of DDR, like, I don't know if a lot of people
know, but I used to do Perfect Attack in DDR in tournaments and stuff, and, you know, like,
I came in fourth, which was probably as high as I would go in some tournaments, but, you
know, usually when I would lose, I would lose to the person who would eventually win, so
it didn't feel so bad.
So, those were the days, oh man, I wish I could do some of that now, but now if I probably
played a 9-footer on DDR, I'd be like, where's my inhaler?
So, Xenocore, anything else you want to share with our listeners tonight, Xenocore, before
we let you go?
Yeah, just that, that feeling of being in the tournament, everybody talking smack, all
waiting for their turn, and getting sent home, crying, I miss that from the arcades, that
needs to come back, but that's pretty much it, that's all I have, guys, so.
We'll see, maybe they'll do some more of this, we'll see.
All right, well, Xenocore, take care, buddy, and have a good one, and good luck with Ultimate
Quest, come back soon.
All right, we're going to go ahead and close the Skype line for now, because we've taken
lots and lots of calls tonight, and we still have a cage match we've got to get to at some
point, and yeah, I heard one of our, one of our frequent listeners and callers, TheRobD,
apparently did pretty well in this tournament.
I don't know if he won his store, or runner-up, or whatever, okay, what are you laughing about,
DarkSira?
Just the prop cycle.
Oh, you nerd.
All right, so yeah, I was just reading about that in chat, and it reminded me, because
I saw a LiveJournal post to his that said that he did pretty well, so congrats to him,
and apparently he's got, he's like, I'm sure he's number one on my friends list and stuff
online, he's pretty insanely good at Street Fighter.
I have to play him once and lose to him, just for the little factor.
All right, Loki, any other last minute stories you want to get to?
Yeah, it's rumored that, or I guess Sony is saying God of War 3 and MAG are coming within
the year, of course, MAG being that massive action game, and these will be like blockbuster
exclusives, and yeah, no word on when they're possibly going to come, although if I were
a guessing man, perhaps God of War 3 might be coming out around July-ish, but we don't
know, so it's just a guess.
Summer's a good time to release games.
July especially, there's what, NCAA football and NCAA football, that's about it, at least
for July.
Well, Braid, we talked about that earlier in the show, and if you thought $15 was too
much for Braid, well, you're in luck, they're dropping the price this week to 800 Microsoft
points or $10.
Great for sales!
Haven't played it yet, you get a chance to play it now.
I had a story, too.
Oh, well, Dr. Stalker, go ahead.
Just jump right in there, cut Loki off.
Oh, he does it to me all the time, I thought it was fair.
I'm kidding, go ahead with your story, I was actually just trying to remind you that I
had one later.
Apparently, Microsoft overpaid some layoff severances, and now they want their money
back, and I guess in administrative error, they had meant to pay off their 1,400 employees
that they had just recently laid off, but they actually had put a little bit too much
money in their severance packages, and they now want it back, and it says, according to
this, we ask that you repay the overpayment and sincerely apologize for any inconvenience
to you.
Yeah, I know, just a minor inconvenience.
That's kind of messed up, I don't know.
All right, yeah, you know what's funny?
I actually had something like that happen to me once, I don't want to say at what job,
it was a long, long time ago, long, long time ago, like I was younger, and they totally
overpaid me on my last check, and not by much, but like a hundred bucks, but when you're
like 18, that's a lot of money.
So, you know, thankfully they didn't ask for it back, because at that age, I don't know
how I would have paid that back.
So, anyhow.
All right, Jamie, why don't you go ahead and do your last minute story?
It's a little dumb story.
Sure, go for it.
It was actually, it was not dumb, because it was linked to me from Alpha Cananagram,
in chat, that they're selling Noby Noby Boy shirts at panic.com.
Nice.
They're funny, there's the 12 inch version, the 24 inch version, the 48 inch version,
and the 144 inch version.
See, they should have like the head actually start up here, like at the center of the neck,
and then like it just loops around, and then the back is actually like on the back center
by your bum.
Did you see these?
It'd be awesome.
No, I didn't.
I'll link it in the chat room.
All right.
Okay, there it is.
They're pretty epic.
Let me look at that right now.
This is at panic.com slash good slash Noby Noby dot PHP.
Free advertising for them.
Look at that.
Oh wow, I see.
They're hilarious.
They look like a giant scribble on a shirt.
They're hilarious.
Oh my god, it's like somebody just did a giant scribble on a shirt, and they're gonna make
tons of money off of it.
That's so not fair.
But they're cute.
They're very cute.
I do have to say, though, in terms of design, I actually like how the page is laid out.
Yeah, I like the pink and black one.
I'm talking about the background graphics.
That's cute.
It's actually really cute.
Really good idea.
There you go.
All righty.
Loki, do you have any more?
Uh, I think that's it for right now.
Uh, let's see.
Oh yes, I remember tiger hugging me this one at the beginning of the show and uh, got sidetracked.
Uh, one of the quick thing you hear about a denial service attack.
Apparently, those against Xbox Live, they've actually responded to what's been going on
about this.
Uh, apparently, uh, these hackers were going in there and doing some type of weird denial
of service attack.
Um, and it would boot Xbox Live people off of the network, actually.
Uh, Microsoft has responded saying that basically you should contact your internet provider
if this is happening to you.
However, they are threatening to ban any hacker that gets involved in it.
Uh, quote, this problem is not related to the Xbox Live service but to the player's
internet connection.
The attacker could also attempt to disrupt other internet activities such as streaming
video or web browsing using the same tool.
And uh, Microsoft just kind of wants to remind people that hey, Xbox Live is like any other
internet service.
So somebody is attempting to uh, hack you in that regard or I guess more like spam you
I think would be a more appropriate term.
Uh, it could affect Xbox Live just like it would affect anything else you do on the internet.
So be warned.
And uh, if you're doing that to people, unless they really deserve it, you're lame.
If you're doing it to people just randomly, then you know, you're lame.
But if you're doing it to people because they really deserve it, then okay.
But just be careful.
Apparently they're doing it to people because they lose to them.
Oh, see that's lame.
It's like, okay.
Get over it.
You've lost.
I don't, I don't like you.
I'm going to DDoS you.
QQ some more.
Cry me a river.
Yeah, die in a fire if that's you.
I mean, it just, you know, why are you playing games online?
If, if you can't handle losing, don't play games online.
Why else do people play games to piss other people off?
I fucking hope like Seth for real comes into your house and beat you up.
Like that's what I hope for those people.
All right.
If that's it for the last minute stories and let's go around and get everybody's final
thought for the evening, uh, and wrap up the show for tonight.
We can get to the, uh, live after birth.
Uh, Drew, thank you for being here tonight.
I'm sorry you didn't get to say more on the show and happy Pi Day.
Pi Day.
You guys brought pie and we'll probably enjoy it during the after birth.
Although I don't know if we have a lot of forks, but I can't have any, but you guys
can all have some.
It is episode three 14 or Pi Day.
So happy Pi Day.
Uh, Drew, any final thoughts?
Kim, thank you for being here and hope you feel better.
Take drugs.
All right.
Lots of drugs.
And any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
I hope you guys enjoy the pie.
All right.
We do punch and pie.
I don't have punch, but I have apple juice, so it'd be juice and pie.
All right.
Uh, Joe, thank you for being here.
Dark Tetsuya.
Thank you as always for your contributions to the website and a lot of folks don't know,
but you actually contribute a lot of the stories to the show every week.
So thank you for being here.
Of course.
And do you have any final thoughts?
I hear you're popular on the internet.
I'm popular on the internet.
Yes, I am popular on the internet.
You bastard.
All right.
Uh, Loki, what's your final thought for tonight?
Um, final thought is I need to play more Nobby Nobby voice.
Now that I actually know what I'm supposed to be doing in it.
Although why only complain that camera fucking sucks and no, we know we boy poop more.
I do need to poop more in the parakeet.
My has a space squirrel.
It's the best in the squirrel has little antennas with sparkles on it.
I mean, it's absolutely awesome.
All right.
My space squirrel, the miniature giant space camps.
I demand.
Namco makes space squirrel the game.
My final thought is our headache, et cetera.
And I'll probably get Nobby Nobby boy so I can poop, but flower fruity racing.
Amazing.
Dark Sakura.
Last but not least your final thought.
Um, no, no.
Is your final thought?
No means no.
All right.
Thank you guys so much for tuning into and listening to orange lounge radio.
We really appreciate it.
You know, it's true.
This isn't just a line without, you know, you guys, uh, we wouldn't exist because it's
all about independent podcasts.
So if you enjoy what you hear, all you have to do, help us spread the word.
Tell two people about the show.
Leave us a nice review on iTunes.
Help us spread the word.
That's all we ask.
We don't put advertising in the show or any of that stuff.
We just give up our time on Sunday nights because we like it.
It's fun and we like attention and we like to be popular on the internet.
Right, Joe.
All right, so that's it.
Thank you guys so much for listening to us tonight.
Have a good one.
And thanks for listening to orange lounge radio.
We'll see you next week.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is an orange lounge production to join us for a live show.
Visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on orange lounge radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of orange lounge radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right
anyway.
See you next week.
You know what?
I'm going to do something we don't usually do in the afterbirth here.
I'm going to make an outbound call because I saw someone join chat and I want to talk
to him.
Maybe I'll leave this in the podcast for fun.
Usually we do a little live only thing after the show and play some copyrighted music,
but tonight we'll do something special.
Hi, Rob.
It's Rob.
Hi.
Hi.
How are you?
A little bit surprised.
This is the first time orange lounge radio has called me.
Yes, it doesn't happen very often, but I saw you join chat.
You had incredible timing and joining chat.
And my first thought was, were your ears burning?
Because we were just talking about you.
No, actually, I just came in after a little bit of Street Fighter 4 and a little bit of
homework.
Well, no, the reason why I ask and why I'm putting you on the spot a little bit is because
some folks called in talking about their local Street Fighter 4 tournaments, and they were
talking about how they got beat and all this stuff.
And then I thought, you know, I think Rob has a different story about how the Street
Fighter 4 tournament went.
So I actually want to call you and ask you, how did the Street Fighter 4 tournament go
for you?
I moved on to the second round.
I've got that little blue sheet that says KO first round.
You get to go to the second round.
So yay me.
How does that, does that mean you won the store or did the top three get to go or what?
Well, here's what happened.
I actually made it to, I lost in the winner's bracket to the guy who eventually made it
to the, well, who eventually won it.
Then I won the loser's bracket, faced him again in the grand final, so to speak, and
lost to him again.
And the sad thing is it won three rounds every time.
Really close.
We actually both played Ryu because we're both Ryu bitches that way.
And it was really, really a good match.
And it could be on either way.
And I screwed up a few times and he screwed up a few times, but I ended up losing to him
twice, sadly.
I was going to ask who your character of choice is.
So it's Ryu is your, is your, is your guy?
Uh, let me put it this way.
My aim screen name is Ryu Rob D. So yes.
Very nice.
All right.
See, I don't know what it is.
Like I'm trying to feel out different characters.
And like back in the day I used to be Chun Li.
Like, you know, you know, I love Chun Li and that was the one I used to use all the time.
But now like the, I, after Super Street Fighter 2 and everything, I think I really like Fei
Long, especially after playing him in Street Fighter 4.
But here's the thing.
I am so challenged by the controls in freaking, you know, the Xbox 360, cause it's really
hard on that little D pad to do three fireballs all in a row.
So I was going to actually ask you next, how do you get around the control issue or have
you stuck it out with the D pad?
Did you have to use the D pad in the tournament?
I stuck it out with the D pad.
I'm really used to it at this point.
And it really has calloused my thumb entirely, but I'm used to it at this point.
So I can actually do pretty much anything.
I can do even Zangief's Sweetie and Pilot Driver.
Oh my.
Quarter circle forward, the double quarter circle forward motions are still eluding me
a little bit.
At least when I'm doing the Shoryuken focus, attack, dash, cancel into the end of Ryu's
Matsuha Doken.
Meaning I'm doing a forward quarter circle forward motion, hitting the medium punch and
kick buttons together, hitting forward forward again to dash, and then two quarter circle
forwards and a punch, all while the opponent is flying up in the air and coming down.
You just fucking lost me.
But that's all right.
I'm assuming that's just massive death right there.
Some type of massive death.
All right.
Well, hey, you know what?
Congratulations to you.
That's pretty awesome.
And I wanted to hear about the whole, how it went.
Because we had a couple of people calling in saying, yeah, I lost.
Yeah, I lost.
So well, good luck around too.
Are you going to be able to make it out there for round two, you think?
Probably.
I have a couple of people saying that they'll actually drive me, which as a poor college
student with no car is a good thing.
Actually, the funniest story I heard about the tournament this weekend is this could
just be someone bullshitting on an internet message board.
But supposedly someone was at a tournament, and he's like, oh, we're just in some small
little town.
This will be easy to win.
And then all of a sudden they're like, OK, first round we've got Justin Wong.
Can he come to station A?
And if you don't know who he is, he's a famous Marvel versus Capcom 2 player.
I think even I've heard that name.
Even I've heard that name.
They used to do it.
We used to have an arcade here in Folsom that did huge Capcom events.
So we would kind of like we had a DDR tournament there years ago, and it was still open.
So that is funny.
Well, how unlucky do you have to be really?
How funny.
Hey, one other question I want to ask you, since you're the best Street Fighter 4 player
I know.
Thank you.
We don't have a lot on the show.
My question is, what are some tips for those of us that consistently get our ass kicked
by Seth who suck at the game?
Any advice for us to get better?
Certainly stay out of throw range when he wakes up, because what he likes to do is do
that stupid Shoryuken spinning pile driver move.
So staying a couple steps away from him when he wakes up would help a lot.
Really wait for him to make a move and then sweep him, because the computer is very vulnerable
to that, especially on the easier difficulties.
And really just use your safest moves against him.
Any tips for online in the non-Seth type battles?
Online, for the Ryu players, let them make mistakes, because they're usually aggressive
and most of them can't even Shoryuken, so they're vulnerable to air attacks.
Most of their game usually revolves around just trying to attack as much as possible,
so a patient player can do a lot.
Is Crimson Viper a cheap bitch, yes or no?
No, she's only got one effective move.
That stupid shock move.
But sometimes when you're fighting her, at least when you're new, the fact that she's
the only character I can think of that can hit you instantly from so far away like that,
like I was not used to seeing that in Street Fighter, so I thought that was a little cheap.
But yeah, she's interesting.
I like how she resembles Vanessa a lot from King of Fighters.
I have no idea.
I'm telling you, does she not look like an SNK character?
We were talking about this at the beginning of the show.
She absolutely does, especially since she's got the red hair, she's a special agent type
character, that sort of thing.
It's funny for her, I think, but hey.
All right.
All right, well, Rob, we're going to let you go and get to the rest of our after show or
actually close the podcast at this point.
So thank you very much for letting us harass you and surprising you with a phone call and
telling us about your experience.
Always a pleasure.
Have a good night, guys.
Take care, Rob.
All right, so now the podcast is really over.
Good night.
