A landmark Sony store says goodbye, Mario and Sonic get ported to the Winter Olympics, and is Namco Bandai about to acquire DJ Ranma?
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts and joining me every week here in the OLR studios in Sacramento, California is the one and only DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Who's feeling a little bit under the weather apparently.
Yep.
Actually, we're all under the weather.
It's one thing, one kind of common theme.
I'm above the weather.
I'm over it all.
I'm above the weather.
No one is above the law.
The weather is not the law.
The weather is chaos.
I've been kind of sick the past few days.
I had a horrible Valentine's Day because of it.
And Loki's a little bit sick as well.
Say hello, Techmaster Loki.
I'm a little sick and a little eating sandwich.
That's right.
And then some of the folks on Justin.TV are already commenting how messy the studio looks tonight.
Yeah, well, that's what happens when you're sick.
You don't really feel like cleaning.
Plus, we're presented in widescreen tonight, so you can see even more of the mess that is usually offscreen.
I was wondering why there's lightbox in there.
What's that?
I really didn't notice.
DanTheMan Hello Back for more
Yes, I have no place else I'd rather be You're lying, your internet's out at home, isn't it?
True that
Dan's internet's out at home, so, you know, he's here.
He's probably back on by now.
That's right, but you're here.
It's been nice talking to you.
With us.
Yeah, there's storms going on out in California right now, which is, you know, for most of the rest of the world, the storms here are actually pretty pitiful.
You know, compared to the rain they get, like, back east and stuff, but it's just not built out here to withstand some of the wind things we get.
So when we get a little windy, internet goes down left and right.
It's pretty sad.
Thanks for watching!
DarkSakura
I had a relatively busy gaming week despite school stuff.
I started playing City of Heroes this morning just on the trial.
I started playing with Sauce.
It was pretty fun.
I picked an electric power user who was a pretty cool character.
Of course, the most fun part is actually designing your character and making costumes and stuff, so that was pretty cool.
I also finished, well, I'm trying to think, what all did we play last night on the Genesis Collection?
Last night being Valentine's Day evening, my husband and I decided to do something super romantic and we played Xbox all night after I got us a lovely dinner prepared at Whole Foods.
So, we played a lot of Genesis Collection and some R-Type Dimensions, and I played some Symphony of the Night, and played a little, a couple of DS games, but I don't remember what.
Oh yeah, I downloaded and installed Perfect World, but I haven't started that yet.
So, I'm thinking City of Heroes is going to be the game of choice.
I've heard some interesting things about City of Heroes.
I think one of us OLR peeps needs to get on that and check it out.
That would be me.
Go for it.
Is Tiara on City of Heroes, or was that a while ago?
Oh, okay, cool.
Yeah, we played together today.
Because I know the new website's launching very, very soon, and we're going to have Tiara hopefully doing some articles for us there, so it'll be good.
Anything else for your gaming week?
Not that I can think of.
Then how about presents?
I like presents.
All right, some presents.
I'm going to show this to Justin TV before I give it to Jamie here.
So I got Jamie an authentic hula girl for her dashboard to match the one that Loki had.
So that's from Hawaii.
Even though these presents are like a month old, I'm just now remembering to give them to her.
And because I know Jamie's a tea drinker, I got her different types of tea that are very Hawaii.
One of them is a coconut macadamia herbal.
Ooh.
and the other one is Pineapple Waikiki.
Dude, that's great.
I love pineapple.
So there you go.
Some tropical teas there for DarkSakura.
I could totally use it because my voice is dying.
I know.
I'm almost kind of wishing I brought some more home for me but that's okay.
I have other stuff.
Loki, you already got your presents a few weeks ago so he doesn't feel left out but he got a matching hula girl.
Anyway, tell us about your gaming week, Loki.
You picked the perfect time when I have my mouth full of food.
DarkSakura.com
I'm playing around with modding the different files and seeing what that does.
So, I've been playing with making different weapons and I have, you know, the typical stuff, a weapon that has, like, way too much physical power.
So, you know, you shoot it into somebody and they bounce around like a ping pong ball.
Um,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Actually, I'm on a couple of them, so I can try the multiplayer in that.
And if that's really good, then I may pick it up on all five consoles, and then that way we can play multiplayer in Lost and Damned.
Then other stuff I've been playing, I played the Killzone 2 demo, which is actually pretty good.
Very similar to Resistance, you know, as far as I'm concerned.
The game itself, not so much...
Not as hard as Gears of War, of course, although the game itself, the AI is very intelligent, it seems, so I can't just easily kill them or just run up on them and stuff like that.
But it looks cool, and I think it'll be very entertaining.
I'm not sure if I'm actually going to pick it up right away because I still haven't even played through Resistance 2, but maybe soon after.
Thank you for watching!
I'm no good at the game at all, so it was easy enough to beat on it.
Not as easy as some videos would make it seem.
You can't just go high-kicking everything around because the AI is smart enough to know, hey, I'm going to kick your ass now because you're just doing the same move over and over and over again.
Some people it works like the women with the long legs, of course.
It works pretty well, but it's not just like you put on auto-fire and leave the room.
They will kick your ass.
Helluja!
So if you like some of the English dubbing, then you can go ahead and leave it English, or you can just switch it to Japanese per character.
So that's pretty awesome.
That also has cutscenes and all the other stuff too.
So I thought that was really cool.
And then other than that, I mean, it's just kind of fun.
I was playing with some of the new characters.
Rufus is kind of funny.
And then...
El Fuerto is pretty cool.
Repeat what your wife said about Rufus because that made me laugh.
Yes, I was playing as Rufus and then Nelly's like, that looks like me but with blonde hair.
I'm like, come on.
That is ridiculous.
And Rufus is the big guy, right?
Yeah, he's the one that has his belly flab.
Nelly is one of the tiniest people I've ever met.
Her beard also totally isn't that impressive.
She was talking about herself.
No, Rufus is like me if I were to be in a fighting game, pretty much.
Okay, what I want to see now, I want to see Rufus versus... Okay, I'm going to go way back here, everybody.
Ready?
Raiden from Fatal Fury.
That's what I want to see.
I want to see that fight.
You just got to wait for the next round of crossover.
Or Chang from...
Ah, from Fatal Fury 2.
From Art of Fighting.
Oh, and Seth is a bitch.
Seth, the final boss, you know, who has, like, moves from all the other, you know, Street Fighter characters.
Yeah, he sucks.
Even on easiest, he's fucking cheap.
Let's get some comments from our chat room, chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
Chat is pointing out, you sound different tonight.
VSJSV says, Loki sounds weird.
TigerClaw says, you sound slightly deeper.
It's because I'm congested.
Yeah, he's been sick too, like all of us.
Literally every host in the LLR is sick tonight.
Yes.
It's my sexy voice.
That's okay.
I feel okay.
Just in time for Valentine's Day.
Loki wants you to get down this week with Street Fighter 4.
We have live women on the... waiting by their phones for your call.
Some comments are chat.
Leo Shen wants to know, how's Crimson Viper?
Death or Alive, Soul Calibur,
Death or Alive, Soul Calibur, Street Fighter
Rufus has booby physics Rufus has mooby physics
No, it's like gut physics.
I don't know.
Yeah, it's okay.
I mean, like I said, I'm no good at Street Fighter, and I don't
Pretend to be, you know, winning any arcade game.
I mean, hell, I lose to the computer on easiest sometimes, so that's pretty bad.
You just need to do what I do with Chun-Li and just hit the kick button repeatedly.
It doesn't work.
Even on easiest, the computer would be just like, okay, you stop doing stuff, I'm going to walk over and punch you now.
No, they're actually, it's pretty hard.
I don't know if it ramps up based on how well you're doing, but, you know, easiest isn't
TigerClaw in chat says every time I hear the word Rufus the first thing on my mind is Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventures I was thinking Rufus Shinra but I watched that pretty recently alright
Okay, so if that's it for Loki's Gaming Week, then I'll talk about mine.
Mine was pretty much the same as Jamie's.
I played a lot of the new Sonic Ultimate Genesis Collection, except I played it for the PlayStation 3.
They didn't have it on 360 when I went, and I actually was thinking, you know what?
For the classic games, I think I'll want the D-pad on the PlayStation 3 controller, and why not?
I don't have a lot of games that offer trophies, so if I feel like being an achievement whore on the PS3, why not?
It makes sense.
So I picked it up.
And I'm pretty sure I'm getting the exact same freaking...
Thanks for watching!
But overall, the game collection is pretty awesome.
I mean, you cannot beat the value.
It's $40 for, what, no, sorry, 40 games for $30, and then like 9 unlockables in there.
And some of the unlockables are pretty awesome.
You get some arcade games like Altered Beast, Fantasy Zone, Shinobi, which was awesome.
And Dan had pointed out a fact I didn't think of before the show, but they have never released an official port of Shinobi Arcade for the home systems.
I mean, you had the dub down.
There have been lots of Shinobi ports.
Right, but not the authentic arcade version.
Like, a lot of them were dumbed down for the 8-bit systems.
Like, they had Shinobi on the NES from Tengen, if I remember right, but it was pretty dumbed down, you know?
It was different.
At least they tried to at least emulate the actual arcade version.
Do you remember Ninja Gaiden on the NES was completely different from Ninja Gaiden Arcade, but for the better in that case.
Way better.
Way better.
Anyhow.
Random tangent, but I just remember being a kid, like it was Shinobi over here, and Ninja Gaiden over here, or like the two big ninja games he had.
So, anyhow.
The collection is great.
It's definitely worth the money.
A slight disappointment that they didn't do more with the online functionality, especially when they've had us buy this collection before on the GameCube.
And these, you know, or I shouldn't say the same collection, but you know, Sonic games at least, all bundled together and so on.
Little disappointed that they didn't do at least leaderboards.
Online multiplayer, something that brought in the extra functionality.
Who knows?
Downloadable games.
Why not?
I mean, we all noticed Revenge of Shinobi was missing from the collection and some other big Genesis titles from back in the day are missing completely.
So why not have these as like download content?
That would be actually kind of rad.
But I somehow doubt that's how they're going to do it.
Why should they?
They released Sonic 1 and they released... Didn't the original Streets of Rage come out for download 360 and one of the Sonic 2 was download content for Xbox Live Arcade?
Streets of Rage 2 Dead
Street Trades 2, not 1
That's the reason to have a CDX though.
for more games.
Because there's no CD games in this.
No Sewer Shark.
It's just small and easy.
Or Nomad, you know.
Maybe that's the next Sonic's Ultimate CDX Collection.
And we'll have freaking Night Trap.
You really want to play the Dana Plato game?
I don't know why I want to play the Dana Plato game, but I do.
You know what games though?
There's Microcosm and Sewer Shark.
Microcosm I actually liked.
There was Dragon's Lair.
Where's my Jaguar collection?
Where it should be, non-existent.
It would just be Tempest 2000.
It would just be Tempest 2000, that's all.
That's pretty much it.
I think there was one other good Jaguar game I can't think of right now.
Defender?
Going to comments from chat, Acidic Vampire says they need some tougher achievements in that collection.
Yeah, the achievements are a little easy, but again, that's why online leaderboard at least would have been cooler so you have something else to obtain.
Yeah, the achievements are a little easy.
They're a little on the easy side.
Some of them will take you a little bit of determination to get...
Yeah, it was on the easiest.
Same thing with the trophies.
The trophies and achievements are the same thing.
It's just that on the PlayStation, instead of worth points, they're worth either bronze, silver, or gold, depending on what it is.
But I unlocked a gold trophy easy.
I got the Sonic Spinball.
Now, maybe it's just because I love Sonic Spinball.
For whatever reason, don't laugh, but I got 10 million points on Stage 1.
That's all you have to do.
And that's like beating Stage 1, pretty much.
We'll get you that.
This is probably unlikely, but can you combine games together?
Like, you know, with Sonic Spinball and all the Sonic games, you can do the Sonic and Knuckles stuff.
Sadly, no.
And actually, you couldn't do that with Sonic Spinball, I don't believe.
Yeah, you can.
You can play as Knuckles, yeah.
You could do Blue... No, you couldn't.
You could do Blue Sphere.
Yeah, there was something, I think, like one little extra thing it gave you.
No, you can play as Knuckles in Spinball.
No, you can't.
I don't think you can.
I thought you could.
I thought you thought wrong.
My Genesis collection, which I mean is not a CD for my Xbox, but is a box full of Genesis crap, is sitting by my TV.
If you want to come on by, we'll walk on.
But you get something with it.
You get something.
You get the blue.
Just like all the other games, it does the blue sphere game.
Not even the complete one.
I think it's only with Sonic the Hedgehog.
That's kind of dumb.
But interesting.
Let's see.
I'm still looking at comments in the chat room.
GameGuru says it was Sonic 2 that gave you Knuckles.
Yeah, some of them gave you the extra character.
All right.
I guess that's it for Gaming Week.
Unless, Dan, you want to... I don't know if you played some stuff that Jamie didn't that you want to share with us.
But, Dan, do you have anything?
I've played nothing new this week.
I'm still playing HD Remix.
I played R-Type Dimensions.
And I played Sonic's Ultimate Genesis Collection.
For Shinobi, mostly.
And here's what I have to say.
Online leaderboards suck.
I don't know why you like them.
All they do is serve to remind me that the games that I think that I'm good at, I really, really suck at.
But it gives you something to work towards.
All I know is go to the online leaderboards for R-Type Dimensions and see the people who have beaten that game without dying.
Every one of those people I want to kick in the balls.
I thought I was good at R-Type.
I am no good at R-Type.
I hate you all.
There was some game.
It was the Midway Collection, I think, one of the first that came out, and it had online leaderboards.
And, like, for a while, I was in the top ten for Wizard of War, that old-ass 80s game, and that made me feel pretty cool, even though, like, nobody probably fucking played Wizard of War.
I dominated Road Blasters on that and the Xbox for months.
See?
See?
They can be fun.
But you know what?
Eventually, somebody owned me.
And that person, when I find you...
Nice.
Nice.
Alright, let's get into some housekeeping real quick.
There's a couple things on the table right now tonight.
If you are listening to us live on allgames.com or on JustinTV, hello.
Hello, by the way, again, to the JustinTV listeners.
You can look at us on camera at JustinTV.
I don't know why you'll want to watch a radio show, but that's what the listeners asked for, so we gave it to them.
Keep in mind, we still don't have our issue fixed where...
You can hear all the sound that goes out over air, so you only hear what goes through the microphones.
You don't hear any of the music.
I forgot to bring the adapter for that.
It's not a huge deal.
It's not a huge deal.
I would hope that everybody's still at allgames.com to get the full experience.
But I know there's some people that because of firewalls and stuff, they can't.
So they have Justin.TV, which seems very odd to me that you would be able to watch Justin.TV, but whatever.
Some people have claimed that happens, so it's interesting.
But that's interesting.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
That's going to happen live tonight during the show a little later on.
They're just crossing all the T's and dotting all the I's right now while we're taping.
So in the meantime, you can still join us at chat.
There is still a link on OrangeLawnTrader.com to go to our chat room.
That is not being affected by the site outage.
Just check out OrangeLawnTrader.com, okay?
Some folks in chat sharing their online leaderboard experiences.
Actdeft says, I was at one point in the top 20 users in championship mode of Pac-Man CE.
That's a tough one.
That is an achievement.
That is an achievement.
Achievement unlocked.
You have a big EP for that one because that is not an easy game to be doing that with.
Anyhow, let's get into some gaming news and all that and talk about what's new in the gaming world this week.
Are you done with your sandwich, Loki?
No, I'm not done with my sandwich, but that's okay.
Alright, we'll make it work anyway.
The show must go on.
With or without sandwich.
Oh, let me say this real quick.
I'm going to give a quick shout out to our buddy Brad from PodCulture.
He started a new podcast for that show Dollhouse.
I meant to watch that.
I did watch it.
Joss is the man.
Hopefully he has more listeners than there were viewers for The Dollhouse.
Ooh, did it not do well on the ratings?
No, it lost to Super Nanny, and I will have to say, I was part of the Super Nanny crowd, unfortunately.
You know what, though, hopefully... Rude.
They just can't screw this up the way they did Firefly.
Hopefully it'll make up some viewers from TiVo and iTunes and all that stuff right now.
It's just, it's on a bad night.
I mean, most people don't stay home and watch TV on Fridays.
Well,
The whole problem is that they screwed up Firefly so bad that people are going to have a bad impression of those who never went back to watch the DVDs.
I mean, Joss is the man.
I mean, I'm serious.
If you put this show on any other day in the week, I think you'd be fine.
Seriously.
Fox does have this tendency to give Josh Whedon the death spot on Friday nights.
Not to knock Fringe, because I love Fringe, but if you want this show, if it's kind of tanking for you guys, why don't you just throw Dollhouse right after American Idol?
That way you get a really big lead-in.
Hopefully they will one night.
They'll give it a shot after American Idol.
I don't know, because the show was pretty decent.
Look, let me put it this way.
I know I'm like the gay guy you hear on the podcast or whatever, but seriously, if I was straight, Elijah Dushku, you betcha.
You betcha.
She is pretty hot.
She's very hot.
Yeah, that's happening for real.
So anyway, I didn't give the website.
Support our buddy Brad's podcast.
It's thedollhousepodcast.com if you're a Whedon fan.
You should check that out and support that show.
But Joss is owned.
Buffy just doesn't strike twice.
He hit too big too soon.
It's all downhill from there.
Firefly was awesome.
Ten times better than Buffy.
And it got screwed off of TV.
So, I don't see what the fans are hoping for.
Brad's actually saying in chat, we started a Deadpool on PodCulture about how long it'll take Fox to axe it.
That's pretty morbid, but sad, but true.
I know there had been talk about them actually doing a Faith spinoff, but this was a different idea, and I think that it was that he and Eliza Dushku came up with the idea together, so...
Honestly, the show's not bad.
It was a little hard to get into because I think the first episode kind of hits the ground running, but it's not bad by any means.
Put it on SyFy.
I mean, shit.
They just got, you know what, reruns of, you know, some Stargate spinoff.
I mean, seriously, just put it on there.
Yeah, but Stargate Atlantis was crap.
All right, look, we got to get into gaming news.
We suddenly have turned into the nerdy podcast.
Sorry.
We don't want to infringe on pod culture's territory.
Excuse me, what?
Turned into?
You know what I mean?
Alright.
I watch a lot of TV during the week, okay?
That's true.
You know what?
Ever since I stopped playing WoW, I have watched a shitload more TV than I used to.
I would never have watched Dollhouse.
Before it used to be, okay, House and Nip Tuck or whatever.
Now it's like eight shows I'm watching.
It's like too much.
But anyways, Amazing Race starts tonight.
One show.
Tivo it.
Supernatural.
I watched Wife Swap last week.
That's how pathetic I was.
Not Super Nanny, but Wife... I actually watched Wife Swap, then Dollhouse.
We don't, like, watch Super Nanny religiously.
It's just, if it's on, it's like... Sorry.
So, hey.
Rob, got more news for us.
Loki wants to start us off with a story tonight.
Alright.
Well...
After all the assumptions that the viral video wasn't necessarily a viral video, or was a viral video but just not leaked out, apparently that video that was out last week showing zombies in a Las Vegas type of setting with a giant atmosphere and stuff like that,
Yes, that was actually Dead Rising 2.
And Capcom did announce Dead Rising 2, which will be coming out on PC, 360, and PS3.
It will take place in a brand new city.
Well, Fortune City.
It's kind of like Las Vegas.
And it will be a gambling paradise.
No longer will you be playing Frank West, but some guy in a jacket.
And there's... Boo!
Boo to that.
I'm sorry.
Frank West is awesome.
But has he covered wars?
Maybe.
But see, here's the thing.
And will it blend?
We're only talking like four screenshots and everyone's assuming that Frank West is not there.
Maybe Frank West is there, but maybe there's two-player co-op.
Maybe it's multiple characters.
Maybe it's multiple characters.
Maybe he's a zombie.
I know, I know.
I'm not giving up hope yet.
And he's like the super zombie and you have to run over him with a riding lawnmower.
Dead Rising Chop Till You Dry
After playing the 360 version.
But they have new costumes in there.
The entire fun of the 360 version is taking pictures while you're doing these horrible things to the zombies.
I know, but they took that out of the Wii version.
I'm sorry.
I wish they had patched that for two-player co-op, same screen or something.
I don't know.
Talking about TV shows in the chat room and video game potential, Acidic Vampire suggests Super Nanny the game.
I don't know.
I get the sense that would just be Imagine Babies or something like that.
What the hell is Super Nanny?
It's this show where they call the 800 number, the producers of the show, if their kids are just out of control.
You should watch this show because it would piss you off.
So this is Mary Poppins modern day?
Yes.
Yes, actually, the lady's name is Joanne or something.
She's from Britain, so she has the accent and everything.
She even carries a little umbrella, and she comes and she restores harmony to the household.
You know how to restore harmony to a household with unruly children?
What?
Duct tape.
Ceiling.
Basically, this last episode that I missed Dollhouse for, it had this guy, this abusive dad, who's slapping his kids and stuff.
He's like, what?
You can't slap the baby.
That's not the way to raise your baby.
And it's like an hour of that.
You cannot slap your baby.
I'm so glad I don't watch that show because it sounds retarded.
It's just frustrating.
And you know the thing that pisses me off the most, Rob, is watching people be stupid.
That's why, like, I think your own personal hell would be shows like... Like, you'd be strapped to a chair, forced to watch this, and Wife Swap, and... I don't know, some of these feel-good reality shows.
That would feel good my ass.
Watching people be stupid is the worst form of torture ever.
Do you know what I like to do?
I like to watch The Biggest Loser while eating.
Oh my god, now that would be great.
I know.
Sugary goodness.
It is.
Anyway, I'm sorry.
We need to get back to gaming news.
Can we please?
One place I will not be eating ice cream ever again at is the Metreon.
And we know the Metreon here at Orange Lawns Radio.
We actually have a lot of very fond memories of the Metreon.
I have no memories of the Metreon other than it used to exist because I've never been to the Metreon.
Hold on, let me say it.
The Metreon is not closing, but the Metreon has gone through a lot of changes in the past few years.
For one, it's not owned by Sony anymore.
And the reason why I say the Metreon holds a special place in our hearts, the very first Dance Dance Revolution tournament, if you've been listening to this show for any length of time, you know DarkSakura, Loki, and myself, we all met playing DDR at the arcade.
The first Dance Dance Revolution tournament I ever went to was at the Metreon.
And do you remember that we went to the Metreon the day we decided to do the radio show?
That's right.
OLR was born on a trip to the Metreon.
It was.
The third mix that was half-faded.
No, fifth mix that was half-faded.
Yep, I remember that.
Because it had been halfway in direct sunlight.
At that cool little arcade, and that was when they had the little Oops, I Went to Hell store or whatever that chick was.
Oh, I can't remember the name of the... Oops, I Went to Hell store?
No, the chick was on all these shirts that say, Oops, I just ran over something.
Or, Oops, I had sex with your boyfriend.
That was like the little niche on all these shirts.
And I just remember getting one that said, Oops, I went to hell.
Oh.
I don't remember the name of the character.
It wasn't an Emily character.
I don't think so.
I don't know.
Anyway, forget it.
But I've seen Nightmare Before Christmas there twice.
Yeah, they have the IMAX theater and everything.
Well, now it's owned by Westfield.
That happened a couple years ago.
It got changed over.
But here's the thing is that they still have the Sony store.
Well, guess what?
Apparently, in an interview with GameSpot, Sony has said the lease for the Metreon for the PlayStation store will expire this summer.
We have chosen not to renew it.
They are saying the lease expires on March 31st.
So the Sony store is going...
to be closing.
It's kind of sad in a way.
I mean, it is and it isn't.
I mean, the Sony store was a little overpriced and glamorous and everything.
I mean, well, they charge the same price you'd pay in any store, but they didn't really have sales or anything like that going on there.
Everything was very high-end or whatever.
It was very nice, but it was still kind of nice that Sony had an official place.
You know what I mean?
And they did all their launch parties there, and there were some Final Fantasy things that went on there.
It's kind of sad.
It is the end of an era, in a way.
Anyhow, by the way, speaking of the launch parties, Sony has apparently said they are still always looking at new avenues for additional retail exposure in space, but they felt it best not to continue with a dedicated PlayStation store at the Metreon at this time.
Again, if you haven't caught on yet, the Metreon, right off of 4th Street in San Francisco.
I'm going to be closing.
The Sony store is closing, not the whole thing.
There are a couple of other notable things about the Metreon apart from having a pretty decent arcade there.
There is the video game Walk of Fame.
I don't know if they still have that.
I thought it was still there.
It was their...
I don't remember.
I thought it might have changed hands when it went to Westfield.
But I'm not sure.
This was there since it changed hands.
Was it?
Okay.
I haven't been since it was Sony.
It's been a couple years since I've been.
And it was still Sony last time I went.
I went not too long ago.
You could tell the place was hurting.
Because this was right when the first arcade they had closed.
It was empty.
It was.
It was hurting.
I mean, this was a couple years ago before everybody said the economy was going to crap.
And now, you know, just double that with...
Dragon Quest X would cause problems for the release of Final Fantasy XIII.
Um, well, they really, it's just that they can't, um, really be sure if it's going to affect it or not.
But Dragon Quest IX is going to be, um, delayed from March to July.
And they don't know if that's going to cause Final Fantasy XIII to get pushed back.
Um, it's actually supposed to be out, um, in Japan this year.
And, um, over here and in Europe next year, um, sometime around April 2010.
So...
It was also reported that 3D Realms mentioned that the delay on Dragon Quest X also is going to be delaying Duke Nukem forever.
Oh, gee!
Even though the games have nothing in common.
Hey, it's very much in common.
Both are going through delays.
But there is, though, a brand new trailer for Final Fantasy XIII out, so look for it and see.
Another new one?
Or is this the same one that was out a couple weeks ago?
I think it's the one that's been out for a couple weeks.
The one that shows some of the battle and CGI.
Yeah.
So, yeah.
Boy, oh boy.
Just when Final Fantasy XIII needed another delay.
The slimes, Rob.
Slimes.
Well, at this point, though, I'm just kind of used to it.
It's just like Final Fantasy XIII, it'll be out when it's out.
I take that back.
I don't think it's Dragon Quest IX or Dragon Quest X. It's IX.
It's IX.
That's why I said Dragon Quest IX.
Oh, I said X. Never mind.
Dragon Quest X will be delayed until 2012.
Yeah, X is also delayed.
I'm sure X will be out eventually.
So therefore they can't start working on X. Makes perfect sense to me.
I bet you anything X is on the Wii.
Or whatever, maybe Nintendo's next system.
Because the last Dragon Quest game that they had on the Wii was so awesome.
I'm just saying.
They'll go for wherever the big market is.
We'll see.
Well, then the next Dragon Quest game would be in my pants.
That's the biggest market out there.
Oh, shush.
I don't want to know about that because of slimes.
Yeah.
So anyways, Activision has talked about their 2009 lineup.
Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2
And then, of course, Prototype sometime this year, probably around June.
And you better believe that there's probably going to be tons of freaking Guitar Hero games.
Because they already said there's going to be a ton.
Yeah, there probably will be a ton.
I don't think they're going to renege on that.
But only half the company is going to E3, right?
Yes.
There's no Blizzard in this Activision Blizzard.
Which doesn't make any sense to me because you're one company, you can't have half your company not go.
No, they can get away with it because everybody knows about Diablo 3 and StarCraft 2, which is we all know what Blizzard will be showing, so what the hell.
Nobody wants to see those.
Well, they know.
Everybody already knows about them.
They don't need to know.
Guitar Hero Greatest Hits or How to Run a Franchise into the Ground Without Ever Even Really Trying.
Well, I think the reason why they're probably not going to be obviously going to E3 is because then if they show all this stuff off, all their big announcements for BlizzCon will be ruined.
Because they're going to PAX.
No, they're going to BlizzCon.
And seriously, if they shorted E3, it has to come out.
You know, like StarCraft Ghost.
I'm looking at some comments from chatroom.
TigerClaw is talking about the whole Dragon Quest thing.
Yeah, because Dragon Quest made you jizzed in my pants.
A little reference to the Saturday Night Live sketch.
Get it?
Their album just came out.
I'm on a boat.
Can you imagine though if Dragon Quest X really was in Loki's pants?
A wild schlong approaches.
Oh, jizzed in my pants.
I'm selecting run.
Well, something that has run away, far, far away, is the release date for Guild Wars 2.
Sad.
I know, Guild Wars 2 originally was supposed to be out in 2008.
Remember that?
It was supposed to be out in 2008.
I remember 2008 like it was last year.
Yes, it was.
And then it got pushed back, and now it's been pushed back 2010 to 2011.
is the new time frame for when Guild Wars 2 is supposed to be out, if you can believe it.
That's a huge release window.
I'm assuming that's sometime in the fiscal year.
They're saying probably April 2010 to 2011.
Let's wait until people have jobs.
Or forgot what Guild Wars 2 is about.
I don't know.
I got devastated on Kotaku for saying it doesn't matter.
Nobody buys Guild Wars.
The people who play Guild Wars care.
Nobody new is playing it.
It's not WoW, so nobody cares.
The people playing Guild Wars are the people that bought it way back when it came out so they didn't have to pay the monthly fee and they're still playing it after all this time.
But I think their new subtitle to Guild Wars 2 will actually improve their client base.
Guild Wars 2 now with Rampant Nudity.
Ooh, naked.
Big booby adventure.
How about something a little bit different?
I just want to say real quick, though, the delay possibly because of the layoffs that NCSoft has just had.
And to note, they're also skipping E3 this year.
So, you know, NCSoft kind of has some issues going on anyway.
Going out of business.
Let's hope not, because there's a lot of Guild Wars fans that will be very upset.
Just as long as, if they go out of business, they better release the standalone City of Heroes player creator for all the updated outfits and stuff.
Okay, I just want to say though, like at PAX, I remember we were live one night.
Remember how we did the whole all games thing live at PAX and we were all at the table?
I'm sorry, Rob, I don't remember that.
You need to dig through the memory banks and find it because I remember one night we were sitting at the table and there was a line coming out the door for the panel and one of them had to do with Guild Wars.
I distinctly remember it was a Guild Wars panel because I think we were making fun of Guild Wars a little bit while all the people were in line and getting scowled at.
But of course every panel at PAX had a line going out the door and around and down the stairs so we had captive audiences.
The piracy one was hilarious.
Yeah, anyhow, sorry.
I almost pirated the game during the piracy panel I remember Loki trying to do that he was trying to pirate a game during the piracy panel just to be ironic
You're such an ass, Loki.
Sorry.
Jackassery.
I know.
So, how about people who are Warhammer 40k fans?
Which is not me, because I get tired of the stupid little figures.
Sorry, for our listeners who don't know, I had a bad experience with an ex who was addicted to Warhammer 40k and his stupid, retarded little lead figures and having to paint them, but I'm not bitter.
My sister's ex actually is really into Warhammer 40k and he does paint the figures and he also LARPs and also plays Vampire the Masquerade.
I LARPed but then I grew up in Berkeley.
I just want to point out, our wife swapped this week.
It was a LARPer.
No.
They swapped with... What, what?
Blood figures are tasty.
This explains a lot, actually.
This is why Dan's not allowed to eat anything that I don't approve of first.
Anyway, so they're working on a beta now for, well actually they had the beta out for Dawn of War 2 and that it has already prompted a big massive patch of
Lots of changes to go into the game, so it is supposed to be going through, so if any of the beta players can actually say anything about it, and I'm sure there's NDAs and whatnot about that.
Good, they need the patch, since it comes out, what, like...
Next week?
I mean, seriously.
Who knows?
We might be seeing a delay if it's big enough.
But it had to be enough that if they're going to... In fact, actually, I think this is kind of a fun quote put out by Relic.
Sometimes we just make mistakes.
We're only human after all.
But other times there are very good and well thought out reasons behind the changes.
Oh, we forgot to put legs on the goblins.
Now they can't move.
Shoot!
Naked!
Naked!
How about a hug?
We're only human after all.
I want them to leave in naked.
We are the world.
You know what?
What?
It's Warhammer.
Just go play with the lead figures instead and make real friends.
Eat the lead figures.
Nice.
Seriously, get out of your house and go... Eat some lead figures.
No.
They're not candy.
I know.
See, that's what they should do.
Warhammer 40k gummy figures.
Then that way when you destroy their army, you can literally bite off their heads.
Yeah, you're just like, oh, battle damage.
Why don't you just use goldfish?
That would actually be a pretty awesome type of role-playing game.
Like, I want to come up with a role-playing game that's like Gummy Bear Warfare or something like that.
You could!
Why not?
They have fuzzy heroes.
It would be awesome.
Fuzzy heroes.
The game you use with stuffed animals.
Out of Jell-O Wigglers.
TM.
Oh my god, I want to create my own role-playing game now that involves me eating.
It's got to play like Advance Wars.
I have to figure this out.
You can totally make it out of chocolate shell and ice cream.
Or even better, a role-playing game that's comprised completely with snack food.
And you have to build units with different snack foods.
DarkTetsuya says, OLRPG.
I'm starting to like this idea.
Add it to our dream games.
Yeah, I was going to say, maybe our dream game company can not just make console games, but will make tabletop games too.
And OLRPG will be all based around food.
Actdeft suggests Fat Princess with RPG elements.
Yes, I like this idea.
It's Fat Princess for real.
This is a good idea.
I approve of this thought.
Apparently there's a new game coming out that was revealed during Nintendo of Japan's Fall Media Conference.
Of course, it wasn't really a big title.
It's a game called Kensax.
And what this is, it's actually a first-party game that is tied with a search engine.
Basically, you have different games that are in there.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
of words with a 3x3 board, and you conduct different search terms, and whoever finds the highest hit count wins.
And then they have some that are finding a certain amount.
Plus, you can also update it, I guess.
It has a library of 3,000 words, and you can add more to it.
And then, of course, you go online to increase the vocabulary plus...
Update search results.
I would think if anything had sex or porn in it, you're going to win.
This game sounds stupid and boring.
It sounds like something that you do when you're at work and you're on a firewall connection where they've locked out anything good and all you can do is just find something to amuse yourself.
That's exactly what this sounds like.
Dan's got it.
Yeah, I know all about that.
This is so bad, it makes me want to punch myself right in the face.
Let's see.
Punch yourself in the face.
How many search results do we get from that?
At least six.
The question is how many results down do you have to go before you actually hit porn?
Punch yourself in the face.
265,000 results.
Porn?
How many results for porn?
245 million for porn.
Porn wins.
The internet is for porn.
How about boobs?
Only $60 million for boobs?
What's up with that?
Because one thinks if you've got porn, boobs come with it.
I mean, seriously.
Where there's porn, there's boobs.
Hey, where there's Mario and Sonic, there's bound to be the Olympics!
Of course, Mario and Sonic at the Summer Games ended up being pretty much a sleeper hit for Sega's
So it's probably no surprise that Mario and Sonic at the Olympic Winter Games is official.
And Sega did announce it earlier this week that Nintendo's Mario and Sega's Sonic will once again compete on the Wii S and the DS in Vancouver.
The Wii S?
I said the Wii and the DS, right?
You said the Wii S and the DS.
Ah, works fine.
The Wii...
The Wii S in Vancouver is where, of course, the 2010 Olympic Games are being held.
And just in case you want to know how big that first Mario game was, Mario and Sonic at the Olympics, the first one, 10 million units globally.
By the way, the new one, the Mario and Sonic at the Winter Games, it's going to support the Wii Balance Board.
Some of the events that will be in it, speed skating, alpine skiing, so on and so on.
No news about curling, but I hope to hell they do not forget curling.
So there you have it.
Mario and Sonic at the Winter Olympics.
You know, they are making a deck of Sporta 2.
Are they really?
Yes.
Nice.
We need to branch the whole and Sonic out to the Olympic Games to other mascots.
Like Master Chief and Sonic at the Olympic Games.
A game guru suggests the next game should be Mario and Sonic at the Special Olympics.
I don't know about that.
That might be it.
I don't think that got picked up.
Dan was off mic.
Yeah, Dan said it had to be Tails and Toad.
At the Special Olympics.
All the characters there, everybody doesn't care about anymore.
Actually, Toadette.
I can't stand Toadette.
Toadette definitely is in the Special Olympics game.
They need to do an evil one with Waluigi and Shadow.
Nice.
Trying to destroy the Olympics.
Okay, sad trombone.
Sad trombone.
Hey, release dates.
Happy trombone.
Actually, can I do a plug?
No.
Of course you can do a plug.
Just because I am true to my word, I would actually like to plug a website that...
My only teacher this semester happens to have, because I know that we've got other designers and people listening to this show, so I did want to go ahead and give his website a little plug.
If you go to mehallo.com, it's M-E-H-A-L-L-O dot com, go look at his fonts.
They're great.
See, was that painless?
Wait, spell that again?
M-E-H-A-L-L-O dot com.
I put me hello.
Oh, okay.
He has some very excellent fonts.
He designs fonts.
Oh, very cool.
So, you know, we have a new webpage on the way.
That's right.
Very nice.
So, how about release dates, Rob?
How about release dates?
Well, those are the games that stuff is released on, huh?
Anyway, how about the 20th?
Because that's really the only date this week that we've got stuff coming out in the UK.
We have 50!
50 Cent Blood in the Sand on Xbox 360.
Oh, the hell with Street Fighter 4 then if this game's coming out.
Oh wait, this is Europe.
On 20th, Cryostasis on PC.
More, we have Elodies, The Adventures of Kai and Zero on DS.
Men of War on PC.
So I guess it's, you know, Sexy Man Calendar and Camo Speedos.
Necrovision.
Okay, that just sounds kind of gross.
Necrovision on PC.
Race Pro on Xbox 360.
Sega Mega Drive Collection 2.
on PlayStation 3.
Street Fighter 4 on PS3 and Xbox 360.
And remember, in the PlayStation 3 version, you get Ken.
A figure of Ken in the U.S.
A Ryu.
Oh, which one's the one we got Ken?
None of them.
Oh, it was Ryu, never mind.
No, we had a conversation about that.
Oh yeah, and also that Warhammer piece of shit.
Reviews better anyway.
Hell yeah.
Of course, Dan will argue with you until he is red in the face.
Ken's cooler, just because he wears red.
Which is why I said red in the face, not blue in the face.
But yeah, that Warhammer crap comes out too.
Not a big Warhammer fan, are you?
Fire Emblem Shadow Dragon
or actually, wait a second, today's not the 16th, my mistake, that's tomorrow.
But still, close enough.
Dragon Quest V, The Hand of the Heavenly Bride will be coming out on DS as well.
Prinny, can I really be the hero on PSP?
Oh god, this is that game they keep telling me I need to play.
Warhammer 40,000, Dawn of War 2 coming out this week as well on PC.
That's not your sort of thing, then Disney's Sing It High School Musical 3 will be coming out as well on all four systems.
Race Pro on Xbox 360 will be coming out as well.
And then the big one, Street Fighter 4 coming out on PS3 and Xbox 360.
Battle Rage, Sonic World Adventure, Shooting Love, Triangle Service
I am not you cannot you cannot make this stuff up and it is a shooting game just so you guys know there's the cover it looks like it's like a compilation of other games or something I'm not sure but probably it looks like it's those old school type of shooting games that are so popular in Japan Sonic World Adventure as well Star Ocean The Last Hope for those of you Star Ocean fans what the hell is Sonic World Adventure Sonic World Adventure is I believe it's Sonic Unleashed yeah over here
Then... Ah!
I just closed my release dates trying to look up that Sonic thing for Loki.
I want to say, yeah, Star Ocean as well on the 360.
By the way, they are releasing a premium pack, an Xbox 360 with Star Ocean coming out in Japan over there as well.
And naturally, they are getting a Street Fighter 4 as well from around the world, although I believe the Japanese release just came out for them actually this past week.
But...
A lot of Japanese stores are going to be importing the other country's versions for collectors.
PlayStation 3, Sonic World Adventure also comes out over there.
Otherwise, not a lot on the PlayStation 3 this week.
Nintendo Wii, Metroid Prime with Wii controls is coming out in Japan this week.
Dead Rising, they're calling it Zombie no Ikine.
That's the Dead Rising chop till you drop over here.
Sim Animals also comes out on the Nintendo Wii this week in Japan.
on the PlayStation 2, Biohazard Code Veronica Complete.
That would, of course, be Resident Evil.
Sacred Blaze is a big game coming out this week from Flight Plan.
And that's pretty much what you got coming out on the PlayStation 2.
Taking a quick look at the Nintendo DS.
Locke's Quest this week, Saru Saru DS, Sim Animals as well.
Simple DS Volume 46, if you can believe it.
The Hikkyo Takentai...
Shotoko Special and Shining Force Feather is the big release from Sega this week on the DS and lastly on the PSP Grand Theft Auto Vice City Stories gets a price reduction Idol Master SP Perfect Sun looks to be the other big release Perfect Sun, Wandering Star and Missing Moon all come out from Namco Bandai on the PSP this week in Japan
Remember the good old days when the PSP got games and wasn't just used to emulate old consoles?
Yeah, but Idle Master is a huge thing in Japan.
I don't think it caught on over here, but it's... Really?
I don't really know how you would describe Idle Master.
It never came out over here.
I was totally looking forward to that new Idle Master game.
Isn't it like a take on American Idol type thing, but it's not actually a singing game?
You guide your contestants through these games somehow.
I don't know.
It's like a sim game.
There was a game that I used to have on...
What?
He's talking about something irrelevant.
Anyway, I was actually talking about Dreamcast.
It was a game called Super Producers that I never got very far in.
But the way that it was is there were different mini-games in it that you would manage a pop idol's career.
I don't think it sold very well over there, though, even.
But it was a weird game.
I'm telling you, you need to bring back, on the PSP, C&C Music Factory make the video thing.
Heck yeah!
or something.
Some other type of make the music video game.
Dan was talking though about a Clicovision game that was here.
I don't recall.
Manager game?
Maybe a football manager game.
I remember those guys.
I had one of those on the Commodore 64.
Of course I didn't know what the hell I was doing because I was like 7.
Anyhow, let's go ahead and move on with some gaming news.
That's going to do it for release dates.
Well, Midway.
You know, weren't we just, like, singing the joys of Midway last week?
I don't know if you'd say the joys, but... Well, we were talking about how, you know, Midway was the, you know, pretty cool.
Especially back in the day.
Like, their arcade collections will really show you, like, how awesome, you know, they are.
But they haven't had a lot lately going for them, but Mortal Kombat.
Even more than that now.
They have filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
Sad Trombone But basically the CEO, Matt Booty, I'm trying not to laugh, said that it was a difficult but necessary decision.
Basically, for those who don't know, Chapter 11 gives you relief from your creditors so that you can regroup and get your financial plan back together.
So, I won't.
Some of those creditors that they owed money to, at the tune of $281 million in liabilities, and of course they only have $167 million in assets.
Wells Fargo Bank, they owe $150 million to.
National Amusements, they owe close to $20 million to, and apparently they paid for the manufacturing costs during the
for Midway's holiday lineup, NBA Properties Inc., almost $17.3 million in licensing and royalty fees, Warner Bros.
Interactive, $6.6 million, and Epic Games, $1.975 million for licensing and royalty fees, probably for Unreal Tournament.
It's kind of interesting that they are doing so horribly.
I also read another story that apparently somebody had purchased controlling shares of Midway for only $100,000.
So some dude out there owns like 80% of the company now with $100,000.
The mystery investor.
Yes.
They inherited like millions and millions of dollars in debt.
and basically paid virtually nothing for tons of the rights.
But yeah, it's like the mystery investor.
Well, supposedly he's supposed to be protected from the debts, but he's still going to make more than $100,000 on the deal.
Oh yeah, because he's going to get all the rights.
Then he's going to make Mortal Kombat out of his basement.
Mortal Kombat versus the Care Bears or something.
Mortal Kombat versus your mom.
Nice.
This doesn't mean, though, that Midway is shutting its doors or anything.
It just means it's not a good sign.
They might as well.
Just sell Mortal Kombat to somebody else.
Really, other than Mortal Kombat, there hasn't been a lot that they've put out lately that's been any good.
That's not the purpose, though, of the Chapter 11.
The Chapter 11 is meant for a company that they see recovery in their future.
This just gives them momentary relief.
Well, I have to say, though, what I think of when I think of Chapter 11 in this day and age is, like, remember what happened with Mervin's, the big clothing store chain here in California?
Mervin's filed for Chapter 11, and not even a week later, they were gone.
Like, the liquidators were coming into town.
So you have to worry a little bit.
Like, I know it's still a preemptive step, but...
Yeah, Chapter 11 bankruptcy basically gives a company a chance to come to terms with its creditors and arrange alternative financing.
And if the financing's not out there, they're hosed.
Circuit City closed down after being in Chapter 11.
I mean, if you go back to like the 80s, I mean, this is 80s style, Worlds of Wonder, who made like Teddy Ruxpin and Laser Tech.
Thank you for watching!
And if only they had combined Teddy Ruxpin and Lasertag together, they would have been an unstoppable force.
I bet you they did.
I bet you that somewhere at Worlds of Wonder there was a Lasertag that you could, like, shoot at Teddy Ruxpin and he'd be like, Stop.
Stop.
Aren't you my friend?
Were they the ones that made My Buddy?
My Buddy.
No, that was Galoob.
Oh, okay.
What happened to Galoob?
Are they...
Micromachines, they made Micromachines too.
Galoob I think got bought up by Hasbro or Mattel or somebody significant.
Yeah, I think they're still making Micromachines and those are Galoob as well if I remember right.
I actually think Micromachines are now put out under the Hasbro label.
Wow.
No, they probably bought it up.
If it doesn't say Micromachines, it's not the real thing.
What ever happened to that guy that talks really fast?
Is he still alive?
He died.
No, he's alive.
I always get him confused with the guy who is the Scatman.
Yeah.
That guy died.
John Machida.
Sorry.
Isn't that his name?
I get them mixed up.
They not only look similar, but you know... Scatman Crothers.
The Scatman guy looks like the Micro Machines guy.
Oh, I see.
You mean the one from the video.
That one.
Scatman Crothers is...
Am I crazy?
Surely people remember the Scatman song.
Give us some more stuff, Rob.
Speaking of companies and all this crazy bankruptcy and whatever's going on, this isn't bankruptcy, but it's an acquisition.
Apparently Namco Bandai is looking to acquire D3.
They're going to buy all of D3's stock, apparently.
This is a
Namco has already apparently made some deals with the board over at D3 they're going to have a 70% stake in the company I guess they already have it they're going to purchase the remaining 30% at about $680 a share they're going to have controlling interest in the Naruto property
Uh, doesn't D3 also make Onichimaru?
Yeah, they do a lot of the ports of the simple series games, which really, I don't know who the Japanese companies are that make these, but they need to pump out more of them.
I want to see Zombies vs. Ambulances over here.
Remember when Namco was great?
Now they're just watering it down.
First they poured in a big bucket of Namco, or a Bandai, and I mean...
NAMCO Bandai
and it's funny you bring that up because they're actually saying that D3 could benefit from especially the Bandai arm they make the toys, TV, arcade they make all this other stuff, movies and stuff that could actually maybe help D3 that maybe we could get, I don't know, Oni Chambara the TV show that would be kind of awesome actually bring the movie over that's right maybe we could get some Bikini Samurais in Tekken there you go that'd be kind of cool that'd be very cool
Why can't we have another Klonoa?
Remake to Wii or something?
Yeah, it's coming out.
We need new Klonoa.
Next few months, May, I think.
Klonoa's awesome.
Very nice.
Well, how about more acquisition news?
You know, Squeenix is trying to make a purchase.
And Squeenix has done a lot of things that have made us go, what, over.
But they are trying to purchase Eidos.
And they're trying to basically buy it for more than it's worth using 129% over their current market value.
So we're looking at grabby, grabby Squeenix.
We're looking at 80 style takeover.
So they want it.
They're going to get it.
You know what Squeenix does.
It's ours.
However, I do have to say that Kotaku is my hero for using a picture of dead Eris to advertise this.
So that makes me quite happy.
Kind of an interesting merger, if you think about it, with the whole Tomb Raider series kind of going... I don't know, what else does Eidos have over there?
I can't remember some of the other big stuff they publish.
Hitman, if there are any more of those.
They have Just Cause coming out at some point.
Well, Just Cause 2 at least.
Interesting, because those are the types of games Squeenix never really seems to get involved with.
So that would be a very interesting sort of merger, especially if Squeenix is really wanting to get into the Western development or whatever.
You guys are killing me with this Squeenix thing, by the way.
Why?
It's Squeenix.
We like to call it Squeenix.
The goddamn company's called Enix!
You're killing me.
You're killing me.
I guess you might get Psygnosis out of me.
Kanan Lynch!
Woo!
Woo!
Kanan Lynch, yeah!
Then they have, what is it, Battlestations?
I think that series, so the Battlestations Pacific or something is coming out.
Yeah, it's nothing that's really exciting.
You know, Tomb Raider is kind of what they have.
And like I said, maybe Hitman?
Although you gotta wonder about the viability of the Hitman franchise, because they didn't even bring out a game to go with its really crappy movie.
Um...
What are you going to do with that company?
Tomb Raider RPG?
I don't know.
Maybe it would save the franchise a little bit.
AlphaCanadagram in chat suggests it's called Square Anus.
Don't even guess on NX, because NX is an awesome company.
And Square used to be great, too.
It's the bizarre combination of them that just has fallen into RPG hell.
Remember when Square made Einhander?
Remember when Enix made fucking Actraiser?
Yeah, and Enix made Actraiser.
And Illusion of Gaia and that whole series.
You know, Secret of Mana.
We need another Tobal game.
Bust a Move.
Tobal, Tobal number one.
Yeah, Bust a Move.
Enix made Bust a Move.
You know, those companies used to make great games.
Now it's just rehash old RPGs, bring out new crappy JRPGs, you know.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
and then they danced their way out of it.
That game was awesome.
That game was beyond awesome.
I love the fact that one of the attacks was that Strike would shoot at you.
In fact, I just gave you... We should play it right now.
Squenix, I gave you the new tagline, Bust a Move 3, Beyond Awesome.
Bust a Move.
Dance or bust a cap in your ass.
Bust a cap.
You got served.
Ranma says, God damn it, Square Enix, I want Rad Racer 3.
Yeah, Rad Racer rules.
Only if it has 3D when you hit the select button.
Yeah, and you've got to be able to change the tracks and the Nintendo music has to be there.
Which in this day and age, it might actually be kind of doable with this whole stuff they're talking about 3D.
Can you imagine?
Remember when they were talking about that the Wii's top secret thing was going to be 3D projection in your room and all this fucking bullshit?
Why did we ever believe that fucking shit?
Because that would be super awesome and really innovative and then they're like, no, we don't want to do that.
People love to give Nintendo way more credit than they deserve.
Anyhow, forget it.
Let's get into some other stories.
Sorry.
Because remember, it's only good for Nintendo to innovate unless it will benefit their casual audience.
Yes, indeed.
GameFly vs. Total Access
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Blockbuster had streaming.
That would be ultimate.
The Netflix streaming is awesome.
There is a rumor, though, that they're going to somehow incorporate this into the PlayStation Network.
Oh, please let this be true.
So I don't know if that's actually going to happen or not, but it's rumored that maybe they're thinking about it.
Sony can't do anything that cool anymore, so don't bet on it.
Sony will find a way to screw it up.
I wish they would prove you wrong on that.
It would be great, though, if you were walking around at home and you could walk up to your TV and turn it on.
and your total access menu would come up.
Or I could just bypass that whole bullshit and just hit a button.
You could make your dude sit down and watch it and look bored.
I think that'd be awesome.
And then smoke a bowl.
Watch Cheech and Chong on Bloodbuster.
It would be really interesting if they had context-sensitive reactions.
So if they watch a sad movie, they'll sit there and cry.
If they watch Cheech and Chong, they'll sit there and neck-toke, which would be hilarious.
Not likely, but hilarious.
But I just think that would be pretty cool.
Yeah, somehow I don't think that would get by like the Sony sensors or what have you.
Well, I don't think the smoking dope thing would happen.
I think that, you know, having your little dude watch TV.
I mean, come on.
A bajillion freaking people play The Sims.
So, you know, they watch their Sims do nothing.
I don't want that.
Home bullshit.
Don't use it.
You don't have to.
I'm saying it would be cool if it was there.
God damn it.
You're missing the point.
Just so I could see it that one time and go, wow, that's fucking cool.
Okay, I'm done.
There you go.
All right.
I see.
It's like a stream saver for your life.
It's called how many millions of dollars does Sony have to spend to get me to say, wow, that's fucking cool.
Next.
Well, if it makes someone say, wow, that's fucking cool enough for me to buy a PS3.
I mean, come on.
How many systems has Nintendo sold with the controller?
for the Wii.
People are like, ooh, I can wave my hand.
This is great.
Oh, wow.
It really sucks for actual gameplay.
That's really sad.
I don't know.
I don't know what to tell you.
But yeah, you can look for that blockbuster thing coming soon, I guess.
Hopefully.
Or is that now?
That you can do the game thing now?
I think it's very soon, if not now.
I kind of want to do that, but I still want Netflix, too, for streaming.
Just... Quandary.
I don't want both.
It's too much money.
Anyhow...
or just, I don't know, go rent a movie.
Here's the other thing.
Here's what you got to do is if you change your address or whatever, like Hollywood Video will send you a bunch of these like, you know, welcome to the neighborhood and rent a free game or free movie thing.
My sister has like moved apartments in her complex a few times and she's got like a ton of those things and she keeps bouncing from different Hollywood videos.
because I'll let her do it over and over and over again.
Or if she hasn't read anything from a Hollywood video for a while, they'll eventually call her and say, hey, do you want a free rental?
Come back in the store type thing.
So she bounces between three different Hollywood videos and they keep sending her those.
Nice.
That sounds like entirely too much effort to save the five, six bucks.
She's poor, so yeah.
She doesn't care.
She's poor, so yeah.
She's poor.
Entertainment, however I can get it.
All right.
Hey, the DS Lite Onyx version, that would be the black one for most of us.
Call it the black DS Lite.
Why does it have to be a black thing?
Apparently, shut up.
Apparently, it has been discontinued.
Nintendo is keeping the black system down.
That is the rumor going on.
And Loki is confirming it's happened.
Nintendo is discontinuing the Onyx DS Lite.
I have a rare system then.
Black DS Lite.
It's going out the door.
Yeah, the only four colors left.
Metallic Silver, Metallic Rose, Black and Cobalt Blue, and Black and Crimson Red.
Pink, Pinker, Pinkest, and Very Pink are the four colors that are left of the DS.
So...
Is this because maybe there's like, you know, and this is kind of the thought process going around, that a DSi is coming relatively soon-ish, and that the DSi is going to be black?
Not necessarily, because they did the same thing with the white DS.
I think it's just after a while they just want to stop making, you know, a certain color.
You know, I don't know.
Because five colors is too many, but four is just right, I guess.
I guess.
DarkSakura has dug through the Classic Game Archive, I'm assuming with Dan's help a little bit this week, and has picked one game to highlight for you folks on the show tonight.
What game have you picked?
Today's game is The Revenge of Shinobi, and Dan did inspire me to pick it.
We had a little bit of a conversation last night about copyrighted characters making their way into different releases of this game, so I thought it would be worth mentioning.
Plus, it does have some pretty cool music.
Um...
This soundtrack is by Yuzo Koshiro, and it's actually, you can also find it in the Mega Games 2, Mega Drive 6-Pack, Sega Classics Arcade Collection for Sega CD, and the Sega Smash Pack for PC and Dreamcast.
But not on Sonic's Ultimate Genesis Projects.
Also, it is saying that the introductory game screen has Sonny Chiba as Hattori Hanzo from the Kage no Gundan series.
Anyway, it is a side-scrolling platform game.
You can
Control Joe Musashi, and go through 8th districts, and you actually have to defeat the head of Neo Zeed.
There's three scenes in each level with their own boss characters, and you use the D-pad, A, B, and C buttons to do your ninjutsu attack, your regular attack, and your jump.
and you also have a somersault move that you can press the jump button and then press it again at the height of your jump so that you can jump more and throw 8 shuriken in the air at the same time.
Um...
So, uh, you can actually go, uh, over different layers in the area, like you can be in the foreground, in the background, indoor, outdoor, um, or on the highway or next to it with the somersault move.
Um, you have, um, different ninjutsu techniques.
You've got, um, uh, ninjutsu no, um, Ikezuchi, um, Karyu, Fushin, and Mijin.
And respectively, um, the first one's lightning, the second one's flame, the third one is, like, more jumping, and that last one is explosions.
It actually costs you one life, but, um...
If you don't have a life, then you can't do it.
You also have bonus crates that have stuff hidden in them, so you can just go beat up stuff.
It has easy, normal, hard, and hardest, just meaning more enemies and a shorter life bar.
The Japanese version, called the Super Shinobi, there are options for no death and level select.
So the different stages is Ibaraki Province, Japan, Tokyo, the Military Base, Detroit, Area Code 818, Chinatown, New York, and Neo-Zeroine Stronghold.
So now we come to the different versions.
As I was mentioning, there are different copyrighted characters in the different versions.
And I think you had one.
Don't we have one?
This game, just so everyone knows, is fucking awesome.
It was the reason to buy a Genesis back in the day.
And one of the things that was so great about it, besides the fact that it's got brutal, unforgiving difficulty if you don't puss it out and play on easy, is that as you play through the game, you ran into, like, classic movie enemies.
There was a boss who was Spider-Man, and he stayed as Spider-Man.
Sega had a Spider-Man license.
But when you beat up on Spider-Man for a while, he would crawl off the screen, and he would come back, and it was Batman.
And I mean, if it wasn't, you know, it wasn't a licensed Batman, but it would just like Batman.
And in one of the subsequent re-releases of the same cartridge, it was the same game, they replaced him with, you know, a Batman, not Batman.
One of the enemies looks like Rambo.
They took off his hair and later released him, so he didn't look like Rambo anymore.
You know, and there's a guy who looks like there's a Terminator.
I mean, he looks like Schwarzenegger.
When you hit him, his skin starts coming off, and he's a cyborg underneath, and he blows up Terminator-style.
And finally, there's Godzilla.
and it's, you know, Godzilla, you know, towering and breathing fire and they replaced him with a, like a weird skeleton.
Not Mechagodzilla, which would have been even cooler.
Do you think that that might be part of the reason why it missed out on the Mega Genesis collection thing that just came out?
Is that maybe these strange licensed bosses kept it out of the collection?
It's strange.
Thanks for watching.
See you next time.
for the Sonic's Ultimate Genesis Collection.
They recolored the quote-unquote Spider-Man enemies from red and blue to yellow and blue.
So, you know, probably a little bit of, you know, hey, don't want to get sued by Marvel this time around.
But I'm sure that that's what it is.
But the real pity of that is that this would have been just an awesome chance, you know, to have the Shinobi 1, 2, and 3 all at hand.
Yeah, that is the one bummer because with so many complete Sega franchises there, it's kind of a bummer to have this one missing.
But did you notice there's one other big franchise that's missing?
Strider.
Oh, it's Capcom.
Oh, that's right.
It's not Sega.
I thought Sega did it.
I've been thinking about this.
Yeah.
And this is something that I can kind of go off about because on Ultimate Genesis Collection, I mean, it's far from the Ultimate Genesis Collection.
It's a great, great collection, but it's got some clunkers that they could have replaced with.
Way better Sega games, and I'm sure that that's being saved for Sonic's even more Ultimate Genesis Collection 2.
But I mean, there was no Shadow Dancer, The Secret of Shinobi.
You know, you could have had more arcade unlockables.
Like, you had, you know, if you played Shinobi 3, you unlocked Shinobi 1, which was great.
I was so happy.
But wouldn't it have been really cool to have been able to play Shadow Dancer and then unlock the arcade version of Shadow Dancer?
Wouldn't it have been great to have been able to have unlocked, you know, maybe have had OutRun on there?
Oh yeah, I was missing, huh?
You know, just Thunder Blade, you know, they had Super Thunder Blade, but not the way better arcade Thunder Blade, After Burner, I mean, there were so many significant, I mean, that thing could have had 30 more games, and then arcade versions of those same games, and it just would have been just fantastic, but I guess you can't expect Sega to give away the company for 30 bucks, I expect though, so they should have done it, but yeah, it would have been really cool to have just had the whole Shinobi franchise in one place, which
you know, had the lock on technology with the Sonic and that but, you know, back to Revenge of Shinobi it's awesome if you have a Sega Genesis kicking around it's a super common cartridge you might get lucky find that you have one of the early release cartridges with all the all the bosses even the one I had back in the day had the Rambo guys edited the one I have now actually does have the Rambo guys so I was pretty stoked when I was playing it super, super awesome game really hard
There's more changes, actually.
They also did, for release 1.02, which was the last release, they also did put up an acknowledgement of the Spider-Man copyright, and there was only one ending you had to save now to win the game.
Yeah, the way that you get the ending in that game is totally cool.
You get into the final level...
And I think, I mean, I'm sure a lot of people have done it.
Because again, when you play, when you talk to people online, you always find out that the game you thought you were a botto at.
People are better.
But to get the final ending, you had to fight the boss while your girl ran around in the background and a giant cement block lowered towards her.
Also, um...
There was an European version.
The shuriken is replaced by throwing knives because of legal status at the time.
Um...
It's pretty cool, actually.
A bunch of the music was performed at the 4th Symphonic Game Music Concert in Leipzig.
And it was also performed at two of the concerts of Play in Stockholm.
And it was also at the same Play concert in Singapore in June 2007.
So there you go.
That's for Revenge of Shinobi.
Alright, there you got it.
As far as game music goes too, this made Yuzo Kishiro.
So if you're into game music, you know who Yuzo Kishiro is.
If you're really interested in his work and you haven't played Revenge of Shinobi, what are you doing?
So definitely one of the most notable missing games from the Genesis Collection just recently came out.
Revenge of Shinobi is the Classic Game of the Week, so you'll have to check it out somehow else besides the Classic Game Collection for those of you guys checking that out this week.
Good pick, DarkSakura and Dan.
This week on the Classic Game of the Week.
And that is going to bring to a close, as it always does, part A of our program.
But don't go anywhere.
We'll be right back after a little break with some more of Orange Lounge Radio.
And in part B tonight, we're going to be talking a little bit about the new website.
I know it's some exciting new information.
Talk a little bit about Fear 2, Grand Theft Auto 4, more Sega, if you can believe it, and some very interesting trademarks, Persona 4, and Konami.
Getting a little taste of their own medicine this week.
We're going to be talking about that also a little bit right after the break.
So stay tuned.
We'll be back more in just a little bit with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio on this Sunday evening, February the 15th of 2009, the day after Valentine's Day.
And here in studio, unfortunately JTV stopped working.
We were having problems on the server end, so we just decided to say, screw it.
and we hooked up Street Fighter 4 which is what we're playing right now on the in-studio TV we will try to get it up on Justin TV if we're able to get back on there we already tried reconnecting it didn't work it's on there and it's something so I guess some JTV channels are up but not us but we'll be back on Justin TV hopefully soon and it's just going to be footage of Street Fighter 4 with us talking so that should be interesting
Thank you for watching!
I love that one of the best characters in the game, well, one of the most fun characters in the game is just a total joke.
Very, very nice, though.
I want to say this as well in the chat.
And SSJ100Matt reminded me of this, although I swear I was going to say something about this at the top of Part B as well.
We got a swag bag from our New York City contingent.
Specifically, SSJ100Matt, I believe, put this all together for us.
I don't know if he had some help or what have you.
But we want to say a big, big thank you to them for getting us some of the swag, including lots of Grand Theft Auto Chinatown Wars stuff.
Which Loki took it all.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
All right, Loki, why don't you start us off with some news?
I actually want to run in the house and get some tea, so Street Fighter 4 will have to wait.
And I think Dan doesn't want to give it up anyway, so why don't you get into some news, Loki?
He has to unlock me and the other two characters, so... Anyways, Fear 2, they had some pretty interesting advertisement for Fear 2.
In the UK, actually, they had trained black cats.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I mean, I'm surprised, but, you know, that they didn't have their own agenda.
But, um, anyways, what's even cooler is if you happen to live in the UK, there's a number you can call to get your own Fear 2 cat shirt.
I totally, okay, for our UK listeners, somebody get me a shirt for Shermie.
Yeah, make sure it's a 3XL cat size.
Shermie is a fat fucking cat.
I love my cat.
I know.
And I will put it on her and model her.
with the fear shirt on.
You could just probably get like a blank.
I don't know if you could make a pattern.
I want an official fear shirt for my cat.
Well, I don't know.
And then later on it's probably Dolphy sized.
Thanks for watching!
I think it's awesome.
I would put one of these on my cat if she wouldn't claw me to death.
Biohaze20 in chat asks, My cat talks and smokes a lot of pot.
Is that eligible for cat shows?
Anyone?
I don't know.
I might get a disqualified.
Does the cat actually smoke pot or do you blow pot smoke in the cat's face?
That would be for the Stoned Olympics.
That it talks to you.
Remember, Eddie Izzard talked about the Stoned Olympics.
What's that?
The Stoned Olympics.
I've not heard of this.
Where you're tested for drugs to make sure that you've taken enough.
I see.
Not that Orin Sanche would condone this.
Drugs are bad, okay?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
This is the Midnight Jungle.
It's Blanca's stage, I think.
I see.
Sorry.
Anyhow, it's going to be like this for the whole second half of the show tonight.
It's okay.
Grand Theft Auto IV Lost in the Dam not only is a...
Not only is it coming with, of course, all the great download content, a free week of multiplayer from the 17th to the 22nd.
It's called a Game with Rockstar event.
You can play The Lost and the Damned online for free if you don't have Xbox Live Gold.
Although I'm surprised there's that many folks out there that have this game and not have Xbox Live Gold, but I guess there's enough.
So, there you go.
Yeah, really, you need it online anyways because, I mean, there's not much to do if you don't have it and you beat the game.
I mean, I don't know.
But it's weird, though, because even this game, when Saints Row 2 came out, I'm like, I'm going to be playing Saints Row 2 a lot more than Grand Theft Auto 4.
Not the case.
It's so weird.
So, I don't know.
All right.
Actually, I'm going to have to interrupt here.
I know that DarkSakura is dying to do a story here, but I have an OLR special bulletin, if you will.
I need the theme music for when we have special bulletins.
Do we have?
I used to have a little trumpet announcement thing we used to do.
How about this, Rob?
What?
That'll work.
The new website is live.
So check it out, www.orangeloungeradio.com And there it is, orangeloungeradio.com is up So check it out You know what that earns?
What?
No, in all reality, though, I'm actually loading it up right now.
In all reality, we want to say a big, big, big, big, big thank you to Deekman and VXJasonXV for their hard work on getting the new website up and running.
What do you mean it isn't?
I'm looking at it right now.
It looks great.
So thank you guys so much for everybody that put that together.
It's amazing.
And it has a little Space Invader.
And as TigerClaw says in chat, it's much easier on the eyes than the old site.
Well, maybe there was some...
I am posting photographic proof
DarkSakura right now is taking pictures of us playing Street Fighter 4 here in studio and she's going to upload them to the OL Army Picks gallery so you have something to check out.
There's DarkTetsuya with an old-ass pinball table.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Sega re-registered the trademarks for Rez and 18-wheeler American Pro Trucker.
They were Dreamcast titles, as you might recall.
But hey, we've also got the Rez Remix thingamadookie, right?
Thingamadookie?
Rez HD Remix thingamadookie?
Yeah, for MatchingService.com.
But no, we've...
So they've renewed those, so who knows, we may have new truckin' action with a really poppy soundtrack.
Yeah, that's what I'm hoping, is that they actually combine the two games, and we get 18 wheeler res.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, hold on.
Uh-oh.
It's Sakura versus Dan on Street Fighter IV, so... Unfortunately, I'm Sakura.
This is just gonna bug us all night.
Why are you Sakura?
Because I lost.
Anyhow, who knows what interesting games could come of these remake trademarks.
I don't know.
This picture is going up because this is our daily life at home.
Dan versus Sakura.
What's interesting though, and this is kind of a rumor that's been around for a while now, in fact I remember another story about this, the Sega Vintage Collection is rumored to be coming to Xbox Live Arcade.
You may remember a while back they had some screenshots of the Sega Vintage Collection with the Sonic the Hedgehog games or something like that.
Well, apparently this vintage collection is supposed to be bringing some of the old Genesis games to Xbox Live Arcade.
Some of these games, you might expect, are Gunstar Heroes, Comic Zone, Altered Beasts, Shinobi 3, and Sonic the Hedgehog 3.
Okay, but I just bought all of those games on the Mega Genesis collection, so what's the freaking point?
Gunstar Heroes is not on it.
Okay, one game.
And I also... Anyway, I already bought Gunstar Hero because it was one of the first virtual console games on the Wii.
I don't get it either, but, you know, then again, they also released Hedgehog and stuff by, you know, standalone, so maybe people want just one game and... It just... I don't see the value in that.
And, you know...
I see Gamer says it's on PSN as well.
Well, yeah, but I have the collection thingy on PS3, so... You know, and sadly, the only way that this would actually work as far as being, you know, worthwhile is if they have those, like, say, four or five games and charge, like, maybe five or ten bucks for it or something like that.
And then having it kind of like a mini version of that collection.
But at the same time, it's like, what's the point?
Because you can just go purchase, you know, 40 games for, you know, 30 bucks.
Or you can wait for the price drop and you'll get 40 games for 20 bucks.
I don't know.
I don't know either.
It's a little interesting.
But it's a rumor right now.
It's coming from a Dutch gaming site.
But it's kind of weird, though, that we see two of these same types of rumors happening before.
So, I don't know.
Acidic Vampire in chat says Achievement Whores will buy it.
That's true.
Achievement Whores will definitely buy it.
Very, very true.
Well, another fighting game going on out there in the world, not just Street Fighter 4, but how many of you guys are fans of WrestleMania?
Hulk Hogan, Andre the Giant, Hulk Hogan
Sweet.
And it's going to be like a battle game where you can fight all these people.
And just to give you just a sampling of the 42 characters, again, this is a rumor.
It's coming from NeoGAF, those forums, but hey, you know what?
If you want to put together a hell of a WrestleMania game, this sounds like a good place to start.
Andre the Giant, Bam Bam Bigelow, Big Boss Man, Bret Hart, The Hammer, Hacksaw, Hulk Hogan, Jake the Snake Roberts, Jim the Anvil, Nate Hart, uh...
King Kong Bundy, Million Dollar Men, Mr. Fuji, Mr. Perfect, Ric Flair, Sgt.
Slaughter, Stone Cold Steve Austin, Undertaker, Yokozuna, I mean just tons.
The Rock, of course.
Just some awesome, awesome... Sadly, most of which are dead.
SSJ100Matt says, I played this at Comic Con.
It's a lot of fun.
I wouldn't doubt it.
That's an ultimate fighting game right there.
That's going to be a lot of fun.
Even though I'm not a big WrestleMania fan, I do remember the old school WrestleMania on the NES.
That was one of the first fighting games ever that had six of those characters in it.
I remember Macho Man was in it, and Hulk, and Andre.
The Million Dollar Man had a little dollar sign he had to get that was a power-up.
There was just these dumb little things in it that made it awesome.
It's kind of cool that WrestleMania has lasted all this time.
Didn't they just have their 25th anniversary or something like that?
Which one?
WrestleMania had like a 25th anniversary or something just recently.
I don't know.
They had something.
It was a big anniversary for it, I know.
Anyhow, I'm sure somebody in chat that's a big wrestling fan will correct me momentarily.
So, yeah.
WWF WrestleFest.
I thought it was WrestleMania.
Yeah, WrestleMania is the big one I'm thinking of.
Well, at any rate, how about some news from Squeenix?
Squeenix?
Sure.
Well...
At any rate, the PlayStation 2 game Persona 4 is going to be out in the UK on March 13th.
And the PAL box is going to have a special CD soundtrack with 24 tracks.
has a new plot, new places to go, new stuff to look at, new things to kill, new spookies.
And it is the same stylized manga pop culture art to go in the game.
So go check it out for when it's out.
And actually it's supposed to be not too far off from the style of Persona 3.
So go for it.
They're just using the same engine for Persona 3, if I remember right.
Just kind of milking money out of it.
But hey, you know what?
Actually, there's a lot of love out there for Persona 3, and I haven't played it personally, but I hear it's very in-depth, and it's pretty cool.
This is one of those games I want to check out on a rainy day somewhere.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Not Tortilla, but Tortilla.
He's a fitness expert and apparently a host of some AM talk radio show called Shape Up America.
And he has announced plans that he's going to file a class action lawsuit against Nintendo claiming that people are getting injured playing Wii games because Nintendo isn't telling people to properly warm up before doing exercise.
He claims that Wii Fit has led to people sustaining injuries in their knees, back, and wrists because of improper warm-up.
I don't know.
I think this is kind of a stretch.
I mean, that's just like saying, oh, well, I got up and walked down the stairs, but my TV didn't tell me to warm up before I did activity.
On top of that, actually...
This is something that people have been doing for years.
Before you do any physical activity, it's a good idea, even before stretching, it's a good idea to warm up your muscles before you even stretch or you're at risk for injury in the tendons and tissue.
I mean, that's just, should be common sense, the stuff that they teach you when you're in school.
Thanks for watching!
That's not their fault.
It's the fault of people playing it that are getting way too into the game and hurting themselves.
GS68 in the chatroom has a good point at chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
He says DDR doesn't tell people to stretch either, and it's been getting away with it for so, so long, right?
Yeah, it shouldn't even be a thing.
It's a frivolous lawsuit.
It's going to get thrown out.
I agree.
And you know what?
Frivolous lawsuits, I don't know about you guys, but frivolous lawsuits make me angry.
And when we get angry here at Orange Lounge Radio, we cue that nasty music and say some nasty things.
I have two FUs.
The first one being the internet connection at my house because of the damn wind.
Which, this really isn't like wind, but unfortunately Sacramento has no idea what to do when a tree moves.
To be fair, California in general.
Yeah.
But, I mean...
Plan for the fucking wind.
We get windstorms here every so often, so just plan for it.
And be prepared for everything.
Constant vigilance!
and then my other FU goes towards Half.com for the school book that I ordered that still hasn't arrived but I will say that I don't think I got charged for it so that means I have to go find the damn thing again and I don't want to buy it from school because school is fucking expensive.
I would rather be frugal because I have things that my money is better spent on.
The end.
Loki, do you have any FUs of the week?
and it keeps fucking raining and it always rains like on the weekend it's dry through the week and then it starts raining and then wind and ugh but so now this next week I'm hoping to be able to go airsofting it might actually have to be that Saturday instead of Sunday morning which is annoying but Actdeft in chat has a suggestion for you he says blame it on the rain yeah yeah forget it
Ah, that's funny.
But right now, um, I have a feeling, though, it's going to still be raining next week.
Fucking weather.
Yeah, sure, it doesn't rain all, you know, before this, and now all of a sudden it's just like, oh, rain, rain, rain, rain, rain, rain, rain, more, more rain.
Alright, well my F.U.
of the week goes to having the worst Valentine's Day ever.
Ever.
Because I was sick and I was having what you call a horizontal day.
That means I was lying on the couch all day long.
So yeah, I made Valentine's Day kind of suck.
And I was just bored and lonely and sad.
So, you know, I just wanted a hug.
Is that so wrong?
But yeah, Valentine's Day sucks.
But what is it?
It's just another day, right?
Dan, do you have any F.U.s of the week real quick?
I just want to say FU to Ryu because he keeps kicking my ass and that's about it.
Alright, there you have it.
FU to Ryu.
Alright.
That's going to do it for the FUs of the week but let's get back into some gaming news and guess what?
The lawsuit stories are not over.
That's right.
Guess who got sued this time though?
It's almost a twist of fate.
You know how there's this running inside joke that Konami will sue ever since they sued Rockstar which I still think they were in the right to sue them.
I agree.
They were totally
I think they were totally in the right, but some of the lawsuits since then have been a little interesting.
Well, now the tables have gotten turned.
Konami got sued this week.
Yep.
So now it's not Konami will sue, it's Konami got sued.
Viacom and Harmonix sued Konami over the game Rock Revolution.
They say that Rock Revolution violates their patents for musical instrument peripherals.
But wait a minute, um...
Thank you for watching!
I don't know, but I guess, well, more so, they probably want cash for it, and they probably want, I don't know, some type of... I would, you know, it's sad to say, I would say that Rock Revolution impacted the sale of Rock Band in no way whatsoever.
I know, for real, right?
I can't honestly say there's been one person on the face of the earth that said, ooh, Rock Revolution, that's way better than Rock Band.
But this is so strange.
Apparently, even though the Viacom patent says that it improved on earlier video game music controllers and even kind of references Beatmania, they're still... But this is the weird thing about it.
Konami didn't put out a new guitar with this game.
They put out a new drum set, which probably sold five of them.
Unless the internals of the drum set are something similar to what's put out there.
But their drum set looked like their old drum set for Drummania.
I mean...
It looked like crap.
And it apparently played like crap.
So I don't understand.
I don't know.
Other than maybe it's like, well, fine, you sued us, but we're going to sue you back.
We sue you too.
SSJ100 Matt in chat says, Aaron or YYR takes pride that Snake360 has outsold Rock Revolution.
That's probably a true fact.
I wouldn't doubt that at all.
I wouldn't doubt it.
He does have gut mechanics.
We got Rufus now fighting.
By the way, they're saying JustinTV's back up.
You might want to try to connect one more time on the thing, then the folks can see this.
And at least the live listeners will get to understand what we're talking about, even if the podcast listeners are screwed.
Nope, still not working.
Nah, it's a bummer.
All right.
Well, anyhow, yeah, it'll be interesting to see how this one turns out.
I wonder if they'll settle.
I wonder if somebody's just trying to make a point.
I have no idea.
Yeah, Frisbee in our chatroom sums it up.
Lawsuit ping pong.
That's exactly what appears to be happening here.
I just  I cannot see  there's no case here.
I mean, it's just 
It didn't affect their sales at all.
The sales of Rock Revolution were so freaking poor that I don't see how they can say, oh, well, our sales were impacted.
If it's Guitar Hero Rock Band, maybe there's something there.
I know it seems like we're always siding with Konami on this show, but don't take that too much because, honestly, we're just saying that having to put your name on Rock Revolution was punishment enough.
It's not good.
There's no financial liability.
I don't think it's warranted, but what do I know?
I'm not a judge.
I can say maybe that they... Do they have vocals in Rock Revolution?
I don't think they did.
I don't think they're the actual songs.
Oh yeah, I know you don't sing along.
I think it's all cover bands.
There's no karaoke portion of that.
Hell, I don't know.
Whatever.
What's the point of the game?
Yeah, something like that.
Well, here's something that our World of Warcraft listeners will be more interested in.
Yay!
Have you actually gone back to play?
Not yet, but what you're about to tell us might... I'm very proud of you.
Oh my god, it's still moving.
Sorry, I'm very proud of you if you've resisted the urge.
I have, it's been like three weeks now.
Ooh, tap that vein.
Well, there's more about the dual talent stuff in case you were interested.
You know, the dual talent spec system is coming out in the game...
And it's going to have it to where you can switch your characters between your customization setups.
One for raiding, one for PvP, and possibly one, you know, between, you know, one for healing and one for damaging.
The option is only going to be available once you have hit level 80 first.
And basically the reason is, according to Greg Street, who is a ghost crawler, that they didn't want to make the game more complex for lower levels who are still trying to learn their class.
But he said if it proves popular, then they will consider expanding it.
She'll basically pay a one-time fee to your in-game class trainer to access your dual specs.
And after that, you can switch between the two at any lexicon of power in any city.
Also, if you have the inscription profession, you can sell portable lexicon of power that will require a group of players to summon and use anywhere but during combat or an arena.
Oh god, that's going to be so nice.
Oh my god, raiding is going to change.
So you can switch roles in the middle of a raid.
That's, yeah, you can basically, like, if you need, like, for instance, I'm thinking Anaximus, you can get through most of the event with just two healers, but it's really nice to have a third healer for four horsemen.
So just imagine before you engage four horsemen, okay, let's summon the Lexicon of Power and we're going to have our druid switch from Boomkin to Resto.
I mean, that's going to change the dynamics big time.
Well, with the specs themselves, you'll get the dual setup with your action bars and your glyphs that will just switch automatically when you change over to the other spec.
There will also be a gear manager that will allow you to change between your equipable items, whether they be individual or entire equipment sets, between the two specs.
It seems pretty complex, but they're actually saying that it's going to be on the public test server soon, but not immediately available.
They said, though, that it would be starting off with possibly the next content patch, but the gear manager is not going to be at the same time.
It'll fall later.
Yeah, it'll probably be a little while before we actually see this go into the game.
But I think they're doing the Uludar patch is, what, 3.1?
And so that's probably when we'll start seeing dual specking, but the gear thing will probably be a little while.
So, there you go.
And the chat is making fun of me for knowing exactly all this WoW talk and all that.
DarkSakura.com
Luckily, I have Street Fighter 4 to oogle over, and Dan is right now on the last boss, Seth, who looks like the glowing guy from the Watchmen trailers to me.
That's what he looks like.
Yeah, and he's a cheap bastard that has the specials from a whole bunch of different characters.
This is not Dural.
Thank you, TigerClaw.
Dr. Manhattan, that's what I was trying to think of.
He looks like Dr. Manhattan to me.
Also has very abnormal muscles in a true anatomical sense.
He ate a spinning yin-yang.
No, no, no, no.
I'm talking about he has got like going down from a solar plexus in between his ribs to between his major abdominals.
He's got a whole ridge of like bonus muscles that don't exist.
Okay, now who's talking in foreign language?
Sorry, I noticed this stuff, Rob.
I'm just messing.
He's got extra muscles in his ass!
Anyways, there's a game coming out on PC in April and possibly, well, in the PS3, I guess, in quarter three this year.
Free Realms.
It's a free MMORPG and it's, I guess, kind of geared towards kids.
And you will be able to play it for free on the PlayStation Network whenever that happens to come out.
So that's kind of neat.
And it's, I guess, I don't know if it's going to be, I'm assuming it's one of those free-to-play, but you have to pay for upgrade type things.
But hey, free's good, I guess.
It doesn't look that bad.
But I don't know.
I haven't really played it.
Well, okay then.
Well, Street Fighter IV Mania is sweeping not just the U.S., but Japan.
And when I say mania, I mean mania.
86,000 copies sold in the first day alone in Japan.
And if that doesn't sound like a lot of copies, you need to understand this.
They are sold out in Japan.
You can't find this game in Japan right now.
86,000 was the first pressing, and it's gone.
Apparently, they are going to try and crank some more of these guys out as fast as they can.
But right now, they're like Nintendo Wii's.
Trying to find these guys.
Not easy.
I wonder if the same thing is going to happen over here in the U.S.
I don't think fighting games are as big here, but I definitely think this is the type of thing that you're probably going to be hoping you had a pre-order for.
Or you're going to have to run to Best Buy when they open or the stores that don't do.
Actually, even Best Buy does pre-orders now, huh?
Who doesn't do pre-orders?
Circuit City.
Well, look what happened to them.
Kmart doesn't do pre-orders, so you'll have to run to Kmart at noon.
That's true.
If you ever want to get a game on launch day, go to Kmart, because no one shops at Kmart, if you remember the old Orange Launch Radio piece of advice.
No one shops at Kmart.
Actually, I shop at Kmart now.
You know why?
Because the Target right over here by the house is closed for remodeling until October.
They're turning it into an Uber Target or whatever.
A Great Land?
Yeah.
Yeah, I think it's turning into a great land.
So the Target is closed for the foreseeable future.
And I will not go to Walmart.
Why?
The other Target great land is kind of a ways away.
Why won't you go to Walmart?
Because it's dirty and it's ghetto.
Have you been to the one over here?
It's ghetto.
It's the Rancho Cambodia of Walmart.
Because it makes you hate humanity.
For real.
So I would rather go to Kmart, honestly.
So...
There you go.
How's that for some reversal?
Misty says, hey, I shopped at Kmart right after Christmas.
Got some cute jeans.
There you go.
They came from the 80s?
Are the jeans bedazzled in the back?
That type of 80s style?
No, they're stonewashed, Rob.
They're acid washed.
Nice.
All right.
Can we move on?
Yeah, yeah.
DarkSakura
Well, how about some Star Trek Online?
How about it?
Because, oh my god, we were talking about the character trailer last week, and it's pretty, and I am making the OLRians, the official alien race of Orange Sounds Radio, and yes, they are orange.
Well, maybe.
But they're actually saying that there will not be any famous Star Trek personas available in Star Trek Online.
They're basically saying it's in the future where the majority of the known characters have passed on, except for the ones that are robots, holograms, ghosts, etc, etc.
Or Spock.
So we could see data.
No, he died.
Oh, that's right!
Damn it!
Lore... I don't remember.
Okay, Trackies, help me out.
What happened to Lore?
I think he got disassembled.
Um...
There's always more of them.
I want Q. I want there to be a freaking Q mission.
I want a Q mission.
Okay.
However, they have actually been talking to some other folks and...
They don't really... I don't think they've ruled it out.
Cryptic hasn't ruled it out, but it's not likely.
Although, who knows what might happen with those transporter accidents.
Oh, Dan's bringing out the big guns.
Ooh.
Dan is still trying to fight the last boss of the game and is having problems.
He's a cheap bitch.
It's massive jaw.
Did Seth suck you in his stomach and then shoot you out?
Because that's what it looked like in that one part.
That's disgusting.
It's massive jaw versus person who's been taking too much colloidal silver.
You know that turns you blue for real.
Wow.
It's true.
You're a chemistry nerd.
I am not.
I just happen to know that because I have an odd interest in skin diseases.
Alright, we're going to get to the mailbag here soon, but a couple more stories for you first.
Well, guess what?
There's a new artist coming to Rock Band.
Is it someone good?
Miley Cyrus?
No, it's not Miley Cyrus.
Danny Minogue?
No, it's not Danny Manilow.
It's Snoop Dogg.
Just when I think of rock band, I think of Snoop Dogg.
Yes, Snoop Dogg.
He is coming to rock band as download content.
No word on which songs they're actually going to put in rock band, but I don't know many of them that are rock-ish, you know?
I don't know.
Who cares?
Let's just play Gin and Juice.
That'll still be fun.
Actdeft says faux shizzle.
You want to go riding with the homies?
Wasn't that Coolio?
No, that was Coolio.
Sorry.
Coolio was rolling with the homies.
Coolio was Coolio-er.
Sorry.
Please tell me there's some other bands that make more sense for a rock band.
Yeah, there's some other stuff coming too.
You know, White Zombie, which makes me happy.
There's two songs from White Zombie, Black Sunshine and More Human Than Humans.
More human than human
Some actual Puff Daddy song, I think, that they did a rock version of.
That would fit for rock band, although I think it's kind of old.
I remember seeing this back when I was playing Cusar.
That's years ago.
You know what song I'm surprised they haven't put in there?
It's the Public Enemy Anthrax, Bring the Noise.
Where is that?
Or I was going to suggest the Run DMC and Aerosmith, but that was actually in the Aerosmith Guitar Hero, wasn't it?
That was in Guitar Hero Aerosmith, but we need actual rocking out.
We need Anthrax.
Anthrax and Public Enemy.
I still say we need GWAR, but that's just me.
Yeah, we need GWAR.
GWAR!
Okay, we need rock band GWAR.
or Rob Zombie.
I'd be good with Rob Zombie even though, you know, white zombies.
They have some Rob Zombie but not Dragula.
More Rob Zombie there.
All right.
Anyhow, let's do some more news and we'll get to mailbag.
I have one more story here and it's about G.I.
Joe and of course...
Yay!
Yay!
Yay!
If you do well as you play the G.I.
Joe game, you will unlock vintage educational clips where G.I.
Joe comes out and does this little spiel and says, and now you know, and knowing is half the battle.
So that's pretty amazing.
So, awesome.
Now you have a reason to get this if you don't have them all on Betamax tape or something like that.
I don't know.
Betamax.
Anyhow, let's take a minute to open up ye olde mailbag and see what you guys have to say.
Every week you guys email us at mailbag at orange launch radio dot com.
We rip open the email bag and see what you guys have to say.
Nothing.
No mail.
That's a lie.
I saw at least three in there earlier.
There's three.
All right.
Sup, lords of OLR?
As you maybe know, I listen and wrote this misg to the podcast on my iTouch.
Last Sunday, I wept because I tried to listen live on allgames.com, but it didn't work.
Frowny face!
How can you guys broadcast live to iTouch and hell, even PSP listeners?
Other than that, I told you I got Endwar last week and beat it in five hours and lied to Blockbuster about it being broken.
LOL, I'm just cheap like that.
The game was basically Company of Heroes on the PC with mic support, which was state-of-the-art and worked.
My brother just picked up four cake-ass games today.
Random capitalization.
And this weekend is gonna kick ass too.
The games were Gears of War 2, GTA 4, Rainbow Six Vegas 2, and Lost Planet.
I've got an ass ton of games to play.
I'll tell you what I thought of them next time.
Until the next email you hear from me, goodbye.
This is from RJ.
I am going to say this, given how much texting I do on my iPhone, it is possible to capitalize and use proper grammar and spell shit correctly.
Especially when it fixes it for you!
Other than that, really the only way to really listen to the podcast through your iPod or iPhone is going to be to download the podcast.
We don't have it available live.
And the PSP is the... I thought we had a live player on PSP.
We do.
You have to be on the PSP to see it, though.
So, yeah.
You got to.
Next email.
Read me here with greetings to the three hosts and ferret.
The ferret says hello as well.
I'd like to take this particular email to hype a game.
It's not necessarily about the gameplay itself, but more the experience.
I initially meant this towards Sky and DarkSakura.
Loki may not get it, but he may be mildly amused.
But I thought, oh well, let's get your listeners in this.
Before I say the name of the game, I'd like to ask for any chatroom listeners who have played it to not spoil anything about the game.
Yes, that was in caps, so I screamed it.
Thank you.
The name of the game is Aversion.
To compel everyone to play this simple game, here are a few reasons.
It's free and played on your PC with low system requirements.
It's two hours.
It's a platformer, but it's not very hard.
And lastly, it's cute with a secret.
Ooh, Navy Seals.
and again, it's meant to be an experience and worth it for the true ending.
Again, there are two endings.
Here's the link for everyone.
It's zarat.us z-a-r-a-t dot u-s slash t-r-a slash offline dash games slash eversion e-v-r-s-i-o-n dot h-t-m-l Hold on.
Sorry.
I'm dying here and
They're doing other things.
He's working on Justin TV.
Because it says it's working, but it's not working.
It's the phantom working.
See, Seth is a cheap bastard.
I'm just, you know...
See, that's why you have to switch it to one round per battle.
Extra credit to Sky if he'll make a video of himself playing the game blind, never playing it before, not literally blind.
Now I'm going to poke his eyes out.
With audio commentary and uploading it to the neglected OLR YouTube channel.
Just saying.
Although it's not worth it if someone doesn't elicit the proper reaction.
And a random question, will OLR support the DSI with podcast in AAC format for those too lazy to convert them from MP3?
I'll give you the generic answer, maybe.
Thank you for your response.
You're welcome for your response.
This email brought to you by The Mirror Room from Silent Hill 3.
With a weird scrunchy face.
Last email!
Mike in Australia again.
I just wanted to say thank you to Rob and all in chat a fortnight ago that recommended Chrono Trigger.
Although it's not a game I generally would play, I got the game on Rob's and the OL Army's recommendation and have been really enjoying it.
Might have to try Super Metroid if Rob picked it as the number one game above Chrono Trigger.
If there's any other DS games you can recommend, regardless of type of game, I would like to hear your suggestions.
Hope everyone in the OLR world is doing well and look forward to getting the podcast updated soon.
Thanks.
Um... Well, I know I've said this, but Castlevania Order of Ecclesia is a lot of fun.
I do really like Cooking Mama.
Um... Um...
There is, of course, the Western release, Elite Beat Agents.
You can maybe find Osatatakai Oendan or Oendan 2 from Japan.
There's a number of good RPGs out there.
There's just a bunch of really good games out there.
But I do totally recommend Order of Ecclesia.
If you really want to know what I'm playing, I'm grabbing my DS case right now while Rob is fixing Justin TV and I'll let you know what the hell's in it right now.
Let me grab this monstrosity of a case.
Right there.
Which, of course, half of them fell down Sorry, if you hear the random noises, I'm trying to fix JustinTV I'm not having much luck, though I think I just lost a game in your couch, Rob I think us trying to upgrade the encoder thing Dan finally did it Broke JustinTV, so I don't know With Dan!
Dan beat Seth with Dan!
Nice.
And of course, right as Dan beats the game with Dan, I can't get stupid Justin TV to work.
I'm pissed.
If I ever meet someone named Seth, I'm just going to punch him in the face.
I think I know why.
Well, anyway, the games that are currently in my case at this point in time, and maybe this will give you an idea.
Yes.
Oh, Dan's got a fun ending with Blanca, a.k.a.
Jimmy, and Sakura, and Ryu.
Oh my god, spoilers.
I'm not going to say anything else.
So the games in my case right now are Final Fantasy VI for Advance, Polarium, Trauma Center, Ragnarok DS is currently in my DS.
I have Castlevania Order of Ecclesia, Cooking Mama 1 and 2, Puyo Puyo Fever, or sorry, Puyo Pop Fever, Animal Crossing Wild World, Osutatakai Oendan, and Doctor Who Top Trumps from the UK, which given that you're in Australia, I'm sure that you won't have a problem getting that.
So that's what's currently in my system right now.
So maybe that'll give you some ideas.
By the way, I want to go back.
Since I was futzing with JustinTV, I wanted to kind of correct one thing one listener was saying, and that was about being able to listen to Orange Launch Radio on your iPhone.
Oh, here's the other game.
You actually can listen live.
You have to use an app like Tuner.
Tuner's what I use.
That's a pay app, but I know there's a free one as well out there that you can use to tune in to All Games Radio when we're live on Sunday night.
So you can listen on the phone, iPhone, just like you can on the PSP.
I just wanted to correct that.
The other game that's in here, the one that I lost to your couch?
Yes.
The world ends with you.
Oh, you don't want to lose... I mean, you do want to lose that one to my couch.
No, I don't, Rob.
I get to play.
Woo-hoo.
So, anywho, I'm just looking at the new website, the OL Army Picks, and I finally see the Asakura vs. Dan.
That's not the greatest quality, though.
If Justin TV stays down, we'll try to make a YouTube after the show.
Like a 10-minute review of Street Fighter 4.
Maybe that could be a fun thing we can do.
I don't know.
Loki's trying to work like mad to get Justin TV back up.
We'll see what happens.
Anyhow, meanwhile, if that does it for the mailbag, I'm going to say, send us more mail.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Also, if I'm not over this by next week, someone else is reading Mailbag.
We'll see.
I can always do that, I guess, if my cold goes away.
Loki, we've got a couple more news stories and we're going to open up the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Not just yet, almost there.
A couple more news stories for you guys.
Yeah.
Spyro and Crash
stuff that they can make multiple releases for well EA picked it up and now Activision wants money so I don't get how that's possible but okay and it's actually funny because EA had put out a comment too about it as well um
regarding the whole Brutal Legend thing.
They attributed it to, it's like, you know, we doubt Activision would try to sue.
That would be like a husband abandoning his family and then suing after his wife meets a better-looking guy.
That's the most awesome comparison I've ever heard.
But, I mean, it makes, you know, what they're saying makes sense.
It's kind of like, well, you guys didn't want to put out this game, so we're giving him an outlet, and now you're saying, no, you can't do it.
It's weird.
Yeah.
They want money.
They do, but then why won't they just put out the game?
Because they're afraid of someone else making money.
It's weird.
The whole thing's weird.
Yeah, basically saying that they were still in talks with them about putting out the game.
Well, too bad.
Or is that one of the things that's like, oh, well, shit, if it's going to be such a big deal, maybe we should put out this game after all.
You know, well...
Yeah, exactly.
It's like, oh, well, we were in talks, you know, but that's like saying, you know, I was about to buy a car and some guy, you know, I've been dicking around.
Oh, I'm looking around at some other things.
I may buy that car.
I'll let you know.
And then some guy comes in and buys the car.
I'm not going to go sue the guy because he bought my car.
If you dick around for it, you know, and you didn't think that you thought that Spyro would do a lot better than this, which.
I can tell you right now when they made that announcement originally, I was like, are you fucking kidding me that they're going to drop Ghostbusters and Brutal Legend because they want Spyro and Crash?
What?
So in other words, stop dicking around, Activision.
Stop being retarded!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
All right, our old buddy Bobby wants to make a point here.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, Activision doesn't want to publish it, but they want the money for it like they got from Atari for Ghostbusters and Riddick.
Yeah, Atari paid Activision for the rights to publish the game.
EA is not paying Activision to publish Brutal Legend.
EA is not that beat down yet.
It'll be interesting to see what comes of this.
We'll see.
Sadly, the person that's going to get hurt here
The folks behind Brutal Legend, including the same gentleman who was responsible for Psychonauts.
Bummer.
It'll get published.
Eventually.
It was never going to be a big hit.
I hate to tell you this.
It's a nichey title.
It's not going to sell a gajillion copies.
And that's why Activision passed on it.
But I mean, the thing is, you've got to go with the...
The safe titles, and then you gotta go with the titles that are gonna get you some acclaim.
And, you know, EA is kind of learning that, because they went from doing all the safe bets, all the time, and everybody was like, fuck EA, their games are horrible.
I mean, what else can they spew out of us besides EA Sports and crap?
And then they started bringing out all these great games, like Dead Space, and Mirror's Edge, and...
These games that have kind of more limited audiences, but they're getting EA some recognition as, hey, I remember when EA could make a game.
I freaking sold a copy of Mirror's Edge last week, practically.
You remember Matt was here last week.
We played the demo after the show, and he totally was like, oh, I got to get this game.
This is awesome.
I was like, I sold a copy of Mirror's Edge.
Where's my sales money?
It's a fantastic game.
Yeah.
You know, they're gonna build new franchises.
And Activision sold their future franchises for old, tired franchises that aren't with the developers that made them famous anymore and are pieces of crap.
You know, Crash is done.
I mean, yeah, every Crash game is gonna sell 250,000 copies.
It's consistent.
The kids know the brand.
I sold a Crash game the other day.
It hurt my heart.
But, you know...
Crash of the Titans.
Oh, that's family entertainment.
You know, but you look at like this Ghostbusters game, which has had screenshots out for like, what, a year?
I have demo discs saying that I could get it last October.
It looked great then.
And Atari, I think, is going to have a hit on their hands that they need.
And maybe they can break out of that, you know, yeah, we make Dragon Ball Z and it keeps us in business.
We're up that they've been in for the last few years.
Yeah, BlackWolf brings up a good point.
It still has the Ghostbusters lanyards from PAX.
All of us that went to Penny Arcade Expo, our lanyards were Ghostbusters.
That was like the day before they pulled the plug on it.
You know, and really, Activision, just for whatever reason, they sent out the nicest little Ghostbusters pre-sale kit.
It came with an Ecto-1 license plate that I shanked.
It came with Ghostbusters lanyards, a demo disc, a t-shirt.
I mean, it was a nice little kit, and the box looked like a trap.
and it had like goo oozing out and it says do not open until October 2008.
It's pretty sick.
You know, you got to wonder.
It's just like why put all that energy into it and then just be like, oh yeah, we got Blizzard on our side now.
F this game.
I mean, Activision published Ghostbusters back in the day for the NES and the Sega and the Commodore.
You know, you figured it would be, you know, poetic that they're going to carry it on.
No, not so much.
We're going to let it go.
I'll just let it go.
It's kind of weird.
It'll be just like Psychonauts where it'll be that game nobody buys when it comes out except for the enlightened few.
The unwashed masses don't understand it, won't get it, and then it'll be expensive on the secondary market if somebody who wants to be newly hardcore figures out that it's out there and has to get their hands on it.
You know.
It'll be one of those titles.
All right.
Well, we got one more news story for you guys.
We're going to open up the Skype line, take some quick calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR, username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
And it's about the Beatles game that's coming out later this year.
It's not rock band Beatles.
It's just the Beatles that will probably look a lot like rock band.
Well, finally, we have some insight as to what this game might be like, and it's from an interview with Entertainment Weekly.
It's Paul McCartney actually has talked about the Beatles music game, saying 45 Beatles songs will be in this game from different periods of the Beatles' histories.
including early days tracks, Liverpool, Psychedelic, and on from there.
Because you know McCartney really knows what this game is all about.
I'm sure these are going to give you deep, compelling gameplay tidbits.
You know what, though?
This could be pretty awesome.
I mean, the Beatles... Oh, this is necessary.
This is so necessary.
This is necessary.
Next to Rock Band Journey, this is the most important title they could possibly do.
No, I made a bad faux pas.
George is the one that's dead.
I meant Ringo Starr, not George Harrison.
George Harrison has control from hell.
Ringo's got nothing.
And actually, it's, you know, Yoko.
Yoko's got all the power.
McCartney's got all the money.
And Ringo's like, I was a beetle once.
Sorry about that.
That's alright, your British accent is probably better than mine.
But anyway, yeah, this is a game that's very, very necessary.
Because there hasn't been a big Beatles thing for this generation, you know what I mean?
These kids today don't have anything to respect the Beatles with, if that makes any sense.
Across the universe.
I only count that.
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Thank you for watching!
War on the scale of what was going on during that time.
Listen to me.
We don't know war of that type.
We don't have people being drafted and forced to go into a war that they don't believe in.
We don't have, you know, being stuck in such...
And true, we do have the religious right trying to keep us in that phase, but we're going from a time of completely stodgy, everyone's the same, into complete individualism and a massive revolution.
We're not talking the message, we're talking the music and the band.
The music is the message.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
You can't get it on iTunes because of the big spat between Apple Computer and Apple Core.
Yes, it is.
Yes, it is.
But, you know, I don't think it's going to matter because I think everybody's parents are going to buy it.
I think all these kids, I think the parents are all going to buy this stuff up.
And even some of the kids, enlightened kids.
Although I got to say, though, a lot of, you know, you said earlier a lot of the bands we grew up on were influenced by the Beatles.
A lot of these bands today I hear in interviews, I've heard a lot of them say they were influenced by David Bowie.
This is not a bad thing at all.
Yeah, I'm just, you know, I'm looking forward to Rock Band The Beatles or whatever it's going to be.
Except for the fact that they're probably going to screw us and won't let us import the music into Rock Band 2.
But, well, I mean, come on, you know you want to do it.
Like, the ACDC, that would be the only thing that made it worth buying.
Is the fact that I could just dump it all into Rock Band, you know, and add to this stupidly awesome playlist already, but...
I want to see from the standpoint of someone who works in the absolute bowels of the industry I want to see how this game is going to sell when it gets to stores because there's not really any buzz about it I don't have people standing in line to reserve the Beatles I don't have people standing in line to reserve even Guitar Hero Metallica I think the Guitar Hero fad is kind of starting to die and like I said earlier in the show how to run a franchise into the ground I think that
I think they're barking up the wrong tree.
Who influenced the Beatles?
See, that's the thing.
It's just the passage of time.
We don't know why they became what they became.
I influenced the Beatles.
Drugs influenced the Beatles.
What bands did the Beatles listen to?
I know we could go on the internets and look it up and find out.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Thanks for watching!
A couple comments from chatroom I gotta read.
Chat.orangeonradio.com Blackwolf says, I don't want it to be something that I can say, hey, I wish I could just import these into Rock Band.
I hope it's different enough to see it on its own merits rather than just another track pack.
Sure, and that's cool.
But once you're in a party setting...
and you want to play some Beatles and then you want to play some KC and the fucking Sunshine Band and you want to play some Metallica and you want to play some Who and you want to play some this and you want to play some that, you're not going to bust out the Rock Band 2 disc that has 500 songs on it and put in the Beatles disc that has 40 songs on it to play a couple songs.
It's going to sit on the shelf if you're hardcore enough to own it.
Unless they do a disc swap thing like SingStar does.
That could happen.
But still, you don't jump up and just go, I'm going to switch discs, yes!
You're going to be like, man, I'm going to play some other song.
Well, I mean, SingStar's awesome.
And Bullymania in chat says, SingStar ABBA went back in time and influenced the Beatles.
Yes.
Remember, though, when we used to play... We used to play... What the hell game was it?
No, Beat Mania, when we used to switch out our appendisks.
Oh, yes, the appends.
We were all into it.
It was kind of a pain in the ass, though.
That is a good point.
But it was all we had, and now there's a better way.
I will own...
The Beatles, whether it's the rock band Beatles, whether it's what.
Because I'm of not that generation, but the generation after.
And I have the Beatles on my iPod, even though I don't own any vinyl.
And I like the music, especially some of the later stuff.
The earlier stuff just doesn't do it for me.
But it's just like you know they're important.
You know you should own it if you're into...
If you're into the niche, and I mean it's not really even a niche, but if you're into the part of the industry which we are, which is music games, if you own Drumania controllers, you should probably own this fucking game.
And if you don't, it's going to depend on how big of a Beatles fan you are.
Unless they completely bastardize it, which is a possibility, sadly.
Which totally is.
But I don't really believe that.
With Yoko having control, I don't believe it either.
Well, it's not just Yoko having control.
Because take Yoko and John Lennon and the Dead Beatles and the Living Beatles and all that out of it.
Harmonix...
is going to have such reverence for the source material that there is no possible way.
That's true.
If they fuck it up, there will be no forgiveness.
Yeah, exactly.
If they mess it up, there will be torches and pitchforks and people will be dying.
and I mean well that's you laugh but I mean that's all there is no that's true it's very true it's gonna be brutal the fallout plus you know I mean if you thought the ET game fallout was bad no yeah well and there's there's money being thrown at this I mean this this is an expensive project for EA this is uh this is a deal breaker for Harmonix if if they mangle this you know it's it's over
But Actdeft has a point.
Harmonix never ever fails to deliver.
Harmonix has very rarely failed in any way, shape, or form.
Amplitude was a little disappointing after Frequency.
And I know I'm going to get some people being like, F you, pal, for that!
But Frequency was just better.
Alright, F you pal Alright, we're going to open up Hey, if you want to tell Dan F you pal to his face F me You can call in right now Flip off your monitors, I'm flipping myself off 1877 Amplitude was a great game 1877 game OLR Or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio And you can tell Dan to F off right now Let's open up the Skype Let's open up the phones, we have a caller on the line Hi, who's this?
Hi, this is Spazinator Hey Spazinator, what's on your mind?
Just two or three really quick things regarding tonight's show.
Regarding the whole using of trained cats for advertisement, what if something goes wrong with the cats?
What if there's like a catastrophe?
Using the what?
Using the trained cats for...
The advertisement you mentioned in part A, I believe, of the show?
I'm sorry, what was that?
I said PETA's gonna write a nasty letter for one I don't know, I guess, I'm assuming these things are under watch I don't think they just have these kitties all roaming the streets aimlessly I mean, there's gotta be something where they've got the cats tracked somehow or the cats are, they're being watched which seems like a lot of fucking work for a stinking ad campaign but there's gotta be something they're doing
No doubt, that's easily.
I don't know if I was like, I don't know if I had a mic when you guys were talking.
Yeah, I was playing Street Fighter.
Yeah, that's the worst thing I've ever heard.
I don't understand what the point is.
Most people see a cat running around and they're just like, hey, it's a cat.
I mean, I suppose if I saw a cat wearing a Fear t-shirt, I'd be like, hey, it's a cat wearing a t-shirt, but I wouldn't go, man.
Fear, I gotta buy that fucking game.
That gets me in the mode to play some MF in 360.
Yes!
Secondly, I know that you guys have been complaining about the wind out there in California.
It could be a whole lot worse.
Um, I don't know if you guys have been paying attention to the news as of late within basketball days, but, uh, just in my, you know, my, in the neck of the woods, uh,
We just hit kind of a semi-major plane crash.
You live in Buffalo, don't you?
I just remembered.
You got this all wrong, by the way.
We probably actually kind of like the wind, because wind is cool.
We hate the fact that at the sign of a stiff breeze, our internet goes down.
People forget how to drive, and shit starts falling over.
The storms here are nothing compared to the East Coast.
I'll tell you, nothing compared to the East Coast.
We don't have hurricanes here.
If we had a hurricane here, we'd all die.
We would be dead.
Seriously, this... I swear, it's... I really don't have a problem with driving in wind because I have driven in heavy wind.
It's just seeing how many people can.
People running around with chickens with their heads cut off.
It's nuts.
But anyway, yes, I definitely have seen the news and I heard about that plane crash in Buffalo and just what a tragedy.
I mean, there's really no other word to describe it because nobody was drunk.
It wasn't carelessness.
It was at least, you know, everything I've heard says it was, you know, it was an ice thing causing a malfunction.
You know, it was just a tragedy and very, very sad.
But yeah, I mean, I can just imagine there's just reporters and the media and
and DarkSakura.com
and not have anyone get killed on like every flight.
Just some sort of goddamn miracle worker.
I guess.
That guy is from California, by the way.
He's from the wonderfully named town of Danville.
I remember that.
I heard about that.
So, there you go.
Spaz, I'm really sorry to hear about that, but hopefully it's, I mean, you're calling us, so you must be okay and that wasn't in your neck of the woods, so I'm glad to hear that at least.
Before I let you guys go, would you be ready if I give a really, really quick shout out to my link showing Final Fantasy XI?
Sure, why not?
We've had a lot of plugs tonight.
Go for it.
Shout out Suck, don't do it.
Yeah, I just want to say hi to Doc Fury, Link John, the Alexander server, specifically Nagi and Meg and Axel Zero and everyone else on Lizzy Techist who is online right now.
Just want to say hi to everyone.
Alright, shout out you guys.
Now go play a real MMO.
No, I'm kidding.
I'm so kidding.
Dude, you so stole the words out of my mouth.
I'm going to be like, now please sell your copies.
You know I'm just bitter because I spent so many years on Final Fantasy XI, but you know what?
I've heard they made a lot of good changes for the better.
I need to not give it shit, but I would like to see them, you know, because Final Fantasy XI is over, like what?
It's almost six years old now.
The benchmark program is awesome.
I would like to see them do a new one.
My and Jamie's new computers absolutely destroy the Benchmark program.
The Benchmark program is awesome.
It's just loaded with Tarot Tarots.
I know, they're just like... I will say, Final Fantasy XI did bring us Tarot Tarots.
All right, Spazinator, we're going to let you go, buddy.
I'm sure.
Sounds good.
Have a good one.
Later.
And yes, I'm reminded by the chat room that the Hello Kitty Online beta opened yesterday, so that's something I might need to check out.
Hello Kitty, Bob.
There's the MMO you ought to be playing.
Hello Kitty, Jason, Clan Member 3000 Hello Kitty, Jason, Clan Member 3000
Kitty Clutch Clan Are you responsible for what's happening with the Black DS?
Because I don't think that's right I'm going to back away slowly from these comments Jason, please put our show back on track What do you want to talk about tonight?
That confused me a whole lot, but that's okay.
It's interesting that Dan talks about that pilot that did the water landing being brought up in California because our news was all over the place because he went to school in Colorado.
That's why he's good.
Because he moved somewhere else and learned something.
What did you call in to talk about tonight, Jason?
Did people really believe that Nintendo on... You mentioned in Part A that the whole 3D room environment of the Wii when it was still codenamed The Revolution and all that.
Did people seriously believe?
You know there was people that believed it.
And I will even admit, for like... There was a period of five minutes where I kind of wished it was true.
It wasn't true...
Actually, there's something really funny you can say about that because the first five minutes of the trailer, you can completely believe.
The first half of that trailer was beautiful.
It was amazing.
Go ahead, Dan.
We just believed that Nintendo was going to fuck us up for life.
They were going to come out with something that was so badass.
Like a video game system that you play and it sucks your dick while you're doing it.
Yes!
You just couldn't resist its awesomeness.
And then they gave us the Wii.
Because it was supposed to be totally revolutionary.
You have a system called the Revolution.
It's going to be something very awesome.
Yeah, but a game system that fucks me while I play it.
That's revolutionary.
Just
It was going to be something completely different.
And instead, we got the last generation of console again with a controller that gets grandmas don't want to play.
And that's, I guess, good for everybody.
Even grandma would play a Fuck Me Revolution.
Maybe.
But, yeah, who would Konami sue then?
Seriously, though, it's a great console for everybody but gamers.
Or it's a great concept for gamers with really low standards.
And low self-esteem.
Okay.
Well, yeah, because of course it's low self-esteem because, you know, your Nintendo keeps telling you you're fat.
Nintendo goes, you're fat, you're ugly, you're stupid.
Have you ever set that up?
Do you halfway fit?
Yes, I do.
You know, you set it up, and you make your me stand there, and he's looking all nice and confident, and then you jump on that board, and it detects what you weigh, and then the guy just sort of slouches.
And then gets fat.
And then, yeah, it starts harassing you.
I'm sorry, this is more accurate for what you are.
Exactly.
I played Brain Age, and my DS told me I was stupid.
You have the brain of an 85-year-old Alzheimer's patient.
I'm like, F you, pal.
You can't understand the word blue, stupid!
The next time I see Reggie, I'm gonna punch him in the face.
Which gets hundreds of thousands of hits on the entire webs.
So, I mean, I don't know.
It's not that what Nintendo's done isn't
and so on.
The Wii is going to take your mother out to date and then sex her.
The Wii is going to get your mom out the house so that you can have orgasmic video game experiences.
We were ready for that and what we got was the Wii.
And so, I mean, did we believe it?
No.
But did we speculate about it?
Sure.
Instead, we've got my mom who won't get off the fucking TV because she's playing Elebits.
That's what we've got now.
We didn't know it was going to be the GameCube 2, you know?
I just... You guys talking about it just made me think about that trailer.
And yeah, the first half of it was great, but as soon as it said Nintendo on, the music changed and he actually tried to make up what the system was going to be.
If... Oh, God.
The...
I don't know what to do.
I don't know how to describe the people that believe the second half of that trailer.
Mario looked like Luigi for crying out loud.
Nintendo has never done that.
Has never made concept art that looks that bad.
Mushroom Kingdom was in a forest.
The video just cut out abruptly.
And
Virtual environments don't exist.
You don't make games on it.
Well, I guess there's RPG Maker, but yeah, that made good games.
Anyways.
It was Nintendo trying to convince you that the world was going to change.
If the fanboys believe it's strong enough, it will come.
Exactly.
They were going to say, look, the 360, you think that's great?
Maybe you see what we got for you.
And that's something that Sony was the master of in the last generation, and they used that to bury the Dreamcast.
The Dreamcast is great, but wait till you see what the PlayStation 2 does.
Because the PlayStation 2 is going to mess you up for life.
And they were sort of right, but they used it to bury the system.
Nintendo just did the same thing, and it worked.
It fucking worked again from Nintendo.
Nintendo watched Sony and just learned.
They were like, look, we're going to sit out this generation with this little GameCube and we're going to put out some good games for the hardcore.
But the next generation, we're going to dominate again.
And you know what?
They did.
Because that's what Nintendo does.
They learn from their mistakes and they conquer the goddamn world.
And, you know, the DS has done it.
And I remember when the DS came out, everybody was like, wow.
They replaced the GBA with this.
This thing sucks.
And look at the DS now.
It's standard gamer equipment.
If you don't have one, there's something wrong with you.
And the Wii is kind of the same way, except for the fact that gamers own it.
And then they look at me and they go, well, what should I buy for it?
And I'm like, Mario Kart and Smash Brothers are both worth owning.
And Zelda's always fun.
And if you don't own Mario Galaxy, you may as well sell your Wii.
And that's it.
Oh, Metroid Prime 2.
That's still at least five games, I guess.
Those are all the Nintendo franchises.
Well, Jason, thank you for the lively discussion.
And also, thank you while I have you on for all the hard work you and Digman did on the new website.
It looks great, and I know the chatters are loving it.
And we're going to love it, too, when we start filling it up with articles.
We're very excited.
I know what you have to thank me for.
Dan was the one that carried that whole segment.
Deakman was the one doing the whole website.
Practically doing all the website work.
You were the one calling.
I know you helped him.
Thank you for the help.
I know Deakman probably did the biggest chunk of that, but he used to get some props.
Jason, we're going to let you go because we're going to wrap up the show.
We've got to get out of here.
We're running late.
Bye, guys.
Have a good one.
Later.
That's actually going to do it for the Skype line tonight, guys, because we've got to get out of here, especially if we're going to try and do some stuff with Street Fighter 4 afterwards.
I don't know if Justin TV is up again, but we'll at least maybe try to get YouTube or something.
No, I restarted my computer because...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and my friends online told me to use the shift, use the S key, it still won't work I'm not worried about that because I haven't really done any actual updates with this in a while so I need to do service pack 3 and that kind of stuff but it's still kind of funny because it's annoying because all my icons disappear and then they come back and then they disappear and come back and disappear and come back
Thank you for watching, and I'll see you next time.
Flash Media Encoder to work.
Alright, wow, a night with no last minute stories.
Then we'll go around and give everybody's final thoughts.
Dan, thank you so much for being here once again and contributing.
We always love your opinions and such, especially being a long time gaming fan.
Come back again sometime.
Yeah, four or five years maybe.
Alright.
I'll be here next week if you want.
Any final thoughts for listeners?
Yeah, Street Fighter 4 is absolutely legit.
Uh,
Although the Xbox controller is a way of making fighting games a... It's like slamming your dick in a door.
It's just not any fun.
So if you buy Street Fighter IV for your 360 and you're not going to invest in an arcade stick, you're high.
I'm thinking about getting it for PS3 just on the controller alone, even though I know more people on 360.
I don't know.
DarkSakura, since you're right over there, enjoy the tea and the parting gifts from me.
I so will enjoy the tea.
I know.
You've got to let me know how that is.
I might make you save me a bag, which I know is a dumpy thing to do for a gift, but I really want to try it.
DarkSakura, shut up, Dan.
DarkSakura, do you have any final thoughts for listeners?
I'm glad I have tomorrow off because my voice hurts.
Rub it in, why don't you?
Loki!
Do you have any final thoughts?
No, I'm just pissed off now because Explorer keeps crashing and reinstalling.
I just have to actually go do real updates because I've been just letting it do its crappy automatic update stuff.
And my final thought is I would like to be over having clogged up sinuses now.
Alright, there you go.
Just to prove it.
Alright.
that's brisk baby
We'll do it anyway.
We'll see you here next week for Orange Lounge Radio one more time.
See ya.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific Time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week!
Thanks for watching!
