This is your host, DarkSakura, Sky, and the Loco King!
Tonight, February 11th, 2007, Xbox gamerscore whores might get rewarded soon,
an old PC gaming franchise is said to be coming back,
and we have some exclusive news on the Alice movie.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, everybody out there on the Internet.
Welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast on the Internet
dedicated to video gaming and gaming culture
and what you, the gamer, really want to know.
And I'm here to help you through that.
My name is Rob Roberts. You might know me as Sky.
Joining me, as always, say hello to my lovely co-hosts
in that corner, the happiest bunny on the farm,
DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Roar.
Fresh off the highway.
Seriously.
How many small furry animals did you run over on your way here?
Absolutely zero.
That's good to know.
How many SUV drivers did you run off the road on your way here?
Fifty.
All right. Good to hear.
Good job.
Also joining us, say hello to Tech Massa.
Loki.
Hello.
How you doing, Loki?
Good.
Did you run anyone off the road on the way here?
No, only in game earlier.
All right.
That's good to hear.
First off, I want to apologize for my sound tonight
because, A, I'm recovering from a cold,
so I sound a little bit congested.
I got the plague.
I guess in 2007 this will be the year of Rob getting the plague
instead of Jamie getting the plague all the time,
so that's entertaining.
You'll have the plague if you develop bronchial pneumonia
and lose 20 pounds in three weeks.
Hopefully it's not that.
I tried to get an appointment with a doctor,
but they were like,
The earliest the doctor can see you is Tuesday.
That's what she sounded like, too.
The earliest the doctor can see you is Tuesday.
This is on Friday.
I'm like, Tuesday.
Well, I hope to be better by Tuesday,
so I guess an appointment's not necessary.
Thank you.
It's like, ah, jerks.
Urgent care.
My co-pays hire for urgent care.
I don't want to deal with that.
Anyway, I'm doing better on my own
by taking over-the-counter drugs.
Drugs are my friend.
Over-the-counter, all legal.
All right.
Anyhow.
Oh, that only suppresses your healing process.
Oh, whatever.
Anyhow.
Oh, also, and then the microphone I used to use, dead.
Dead as hell, run over by too many rolling chairs here in the office.
It's dead a million times over,
so I have a new microphone that sounds like I'm talking out of a tin can,
even though this microphone probably costs twice as much
as Loki's microphone that he's using.
Which the top is falling off of this microphone.
Oh, that's just lovely to hear.
Well, then you'll have a tin can microphone soon, too.
My microphone's working just fine.
I want that, but that was donated to us.
I have no idea where that microphone came from.
I know who it came from.
I know where it came from.
I mean, I know who donated it.
We don't want to get them.
Really?
Because we need two more like that.
Guitar center.
Really?
And that's where we're going.
We're going shopping.
Any place that sells microphones.
We're going shopping.
No, dude, I got this at Radio Shack.
I was like, oh, Radio Shack, you know, they have like ten different microphones.
You need radio crap.
Well, I mean, this microphone, I don't want to tell you how much it was,
but I'll say it was twice as much as that one,
and it has the tin can sound to it.
So, I don't know.
I think it'll just take some getting used to.
Just put it up to your neck and go, hello.
Next week in front of me is funny.
Oh, really?
Okay.
Being told secrets from Jamie.
So, maybe we will get a shopping spree next week.
Who knows?
Wait, are you saying I should do this, Loki?
Hello, and welcome to Orange Lounge Radio.
All right.
Anyway, I'm being rude and have not introduced our special guest yet.
So, these are some buddies of Orange Lounge Radio.
Say hello to Rice Princess.
She's been on the show before.
Yes, I have.
Hello.
How are you?
She's the one that never like talks loud enough,
so you can never hear her in the microphone.
Sorry.
So, Rice Princess, I want you to just yell at me tonight.
Just yell.
You fucking asshole!
There you go.
Great.
Hi.
Now we can hear you.
All right.
And also say hello to Eddie.
Yep.
That's me.
Have you ever been on this show before, Eddie?
Yeah, like three or four years ago.
Big, fruity, gay Eddie.
Casper the Gay.
That's me.
Casper the Gay.
Eddie the Friendly Gay.
What kind of games are you into since you've never been on the show before?
Never been on the show before.
You haven't been on here since we've been podcasting.
When you were on the show, we had like five people listening,
and we thought we were the shit.
Including us in the room.
That's exactly.
It was like the live studio audience was it.
We were live performers.
But now we have this whole internet podcast, iPod thing.
It's crazy.
All right.
So what type of games are you into?
Fantasy adventure.
Yeah.
I'm a diehard Nintendo fanboy, which everybody I guess is not as bad anymore,
because Wii's pretty cool.
But yep.
Fantasy adventure kind of games like Zelda.
It was-
RPGs.
Was Zelda like your favorite game that came out last year, you'd say?
Yeah.
Twilight Princess by far.
What would you say is your favorite video game of all time,
just so we have something to go off of here?
Of all time?
Probably like Link to the Past, something like that.
So you're a total Link fanboy.
Nerd.
Nerd.
Nerdy nerd.
All right.
Well, Casper the Gay, do you follow gaming news a lot?
Do you follow the gaming culture?
Yeah.
I log on to the IGN sometimes.
Really?
You shouldn't log on to those big money sites, though.
Yeah, I know.
The correct answer is,
I read independent blogs like Destructoid and Kotaku.
There you go.
Whatever Rob said.
And I'll go to Orange Lounge Radio for all my news,
and Augames.com, they're the shit.
There you go.
Good job, Eddie.
Yeah, good.
That's what it sounds like.
All right.
Also, no.
Actually, you know, as far as the big box...
Why is Eddie Mr. Bill?
I don't know.
As far as the big box sites go,
IGN doesn't bug me nearly as bad as some of the others.
Yeah.
Anyway, let's see.
I'm reading chat room,
because we also have the chat room is always here
to lend their perspective as well.
We love our chat room.
Let's see.
What do we have here?
J.P. Bond says,
Yay Rice Princess.
Dark Knight says,
What is up, our home girl?
You didn't say it right, Rob.
I'm doing very good.
How about you?
Good.
Let's see.
Act Deaf says,
Isn't every gay person friendly?
No.
No.
Absolutely not.
I've dated some real bitches in the past.
No, no, no.
No, no.
No, no, no, no.
In fact, we could name some on this program,
but we're above that.
I'm not.
All I have to say...
All of you.
No, I'm just kidding.
If you like to listen to the live shows on Orange Laundrio,
because, you know, we don't just do this podcast.
We have live shows there as well.
Wednesday happens to be guys on the show,
and it's our Valentine's Day special.
We're going to be calling some of our exes on air
and wishing them a happy Valentine's Day,
so that'll be a good time.
Anyway, let's see.
J.P. Bond says,
I am gay, and I am far from friendly.
You know, I met J.P. Bond in person.
He was just shy.
Oh, man, he's gay?
Yes.
I thought, like, he was a straight boy that had a crush on me,
because he was happy that I was on.
I was like, oh, yes, I'm going to get a boy...
You should know this.
Weren't we just talking the other day?
I promise we'll get into video game news soon.
Weren't we just saying the other day
when I was watching Lifetime movies,
because I was sick, and when I'm home sick,
I watch Lifetime movies, and there was a...
You happened to be over.
I was watching one.
There was a commercial for Gay, Straight, or Taken.
Yes.
And you were like,
I was born to be on that show.
Apparently, I'm not.
I'm going to be, like, the worst person ever.
I'm going to get it totally wrong.
Have you heard of this show, Dark Soccer?
Gay, Straight, or Taken on Lifetime?
It's...
TV?
Yeah, I know.
I know you don't watch Lifetime,
so that's why I'm sharing this with you.
I don't even have cable, Rob.
Okay.
The extent of my cable is court TV.
Are you familiar with Lifetime, vagina television?
Are you familiar with Lifetime?
Yes.
Television, vagina...
I haven't watched Lifetime in easily three years.
Right.
Well, Lifetime is, like, women's TV, and, like, you know, all the...
That's why I don't watch it.
It's stupid.
The movies they have on there are, like, the best movies ever.
They have, like, you know, Final Justice, the story of the woman who stood, you know,
in, like, you know...
Who stood in line at Walmart.
The story of the woman who was horribly raped and murdered and had, you know, a Lifetime
movie made out of her.
And had ear mites.
Right.
I frickin' love Lifetime movies.
Or the most recent one...
I should pick up a Lifetime movie.
Was the Fantasia...
You should be a Lifetime movie.
No way.
Dark Sakura, the gamer girl of the millennia, I don't know.
The Fantasia Burino story was one I just recently watched.
But anyway, my point is, there's commercials for this show, this new show they're doing,
Gay, Straight, or Taken.
It's a dating show, and the thing is that a woman goes out on a date with a gay man,
a straight man, and a guy who's already married or taken, has a girlfriend.
And at the end is when she finds it, like, she has to pick which one's which, and if
she correctly picks the straight man, then they win, like, a fabulous, you know, date
prize, like, Hawaii-type thing.
But if she picks one of the others, then they win a prize, and she gets nothing.
Yeah, because whiny straight girls have it so hard.
What?
So, is this something you would watch?
No.
Hell no.
Should they make a...
Is this a video game that would appeal to gamer girls?
Is this...
Because, you know, there's always that thing going around, like, how do we get women into
gaming?
How...
Because I've got two women in here.
I know how to make...
How do we get women into gaming?
Do we need Lifetime to bring out, like, you know, the video voyeur, the Susan Wilson video
game?
Is that...
Is that what we need?
I'm having a terrible hair day.
Oh, my God, that movie was so bad.
Video games need more violence.
Is that how to get women into gaming?
It's how to get men into gaming.
More violence?
I'd like to see more titties in gaming.
Definitely.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
No, no, no.
We need boobs and blood.
Exactly.
More guy-on-guy spanking.
Wait, wait, wait.
I'm...
I'm done with that.
Women who...
Okay, you guys are telling me that...
It's all about... it's all about Dead or Alive, Extreme, and Rumble Roses, and Rule of Roses
candy.
It's all about sequels to the Desperate Housewives PC game.
Because if there's a skill that's vastly needed in this world, it's, you know, cooking and
cleaning.
All right, going to the chat room for some comments, Jared Jay says, Rob, you just crossed
from respectable gay to stereotypical uber gay.
Whatever, girlfriend, whatever.
You don't know me.
I'm down.
Oh, snap, girl.
No, that is so not me.
That is so not me.
I'm sorry.
It's really not...
That's so not you when you're sober.
Yeah, when I'm drunk, maybe.
Let's see.
Gaming Nerd says, my parents watched it one day.
It was pretty creepy.
JV Mon says, I hate gay, straight, or taken.
Let's see.
Padrino says, what if the taken guy is gay?
I don't know.
I don't know.
What if the taken guy is gay?
Yeah, there was the gay guy that was taken on the show before.
It's always a straight guy that's taken.
But see, here's the thing, though, and even when we talked it over and we were saying,
what if?
You know, we were put in that situation.
It's like, fuck that.
Just do whatever it takes to win the vacation.
We'll forgive you.
It's like, that's...
I don't know.
All you need to do is grab their junk and see which one gets an erection unless you're
really ugly.
Then it doesn't work.
You know?
What if the taken one is in a bad relationship?
I'm sorry.
Were we a video game podcast?
Because I just...
I kind of forgot.
All right.
Well, then I'm...
I'm turning this car on.
Games.
Yeah.
Jamie, how was your gaming week?
What type of video games have you been playing this week?
Games with boobs.
Oh, Dead or Alive?
No.
I...
My midterm is tomorrow for massage therapy, so I've actually been studying anatomy all
week and playing...
I did play a little bit of Cookie Mama just because I couldn't sleep.
And I was going to borrow Rule of Rose from Chris, and she couldn't find her...
Couldn't find the game.
We found the case, but not the game.
So, oh well.
Oh, I did play...
I actually did play a whole crap load of Creature from the Black Lagoon Pinball.
A whole crap load of it.
And oh, I also played Twilight Zone.
Right now, though, we're fixing our Rocky and Bullinkle machine, and we got an Earthshaker,
which is old-school cool pinball.
Well, how are you fitting any more pinball machines in that?
Aren't you going to be selling some?
Oh, okay.
We have nine pinball machines.
No, you're not.
Well, one of them's Will's, because we gave him, we sold him our Judge Dredd, and we wanted
to get rid of the Johnny Mnemonic.
I told Dan that if he gets rid of the Star Trek pinball, I would murder him in his sleep.
So we're probably going to sell our Guns N' Roses machine.
And maybe...
Aww, that's sad.
I love that machine.
Well, then come over and play it before we sell it.
I'm going to.
Because I need money for a Doffy's.
After the show, okay?
And, and...
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
You're going to charge me quarters?
No.
We need to sell them so that I can use the money from Dan's pinball machines, mine.
Alpha Canagram says, oh snap, Rocky and Bullinkle, oh snap.
I love Rocky and Bullinkle, but well, the problem with our Rocky and Bullinkle machine
is that we need a new, a new board for it, for a new, for the ROM set.
And right now the board's like, I'm going to be broken for a while and, you know, paying
for school.
I've got to decide what's more important, my education or pinball, which is really hard
choice, but you know.
Mike W says, don't worry, Mama will fix it.
Cookie Mama reference, of course.
Insert ellipse here.
Okay, thanks, bye.
You need to have Sugar Mama the game.
Yeah, I played that.
Wow.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was good.
I played more of the Crackdown demo, again.
I found the grenade launcher, which, you know, makes the game a lot more fun.
And then, what else did I do?
I tried, oh, I played a little bit of, oh God, what the hell is that crappy PopCap game?
I don't know, some crappy PopCap game that's on live.
And yeah, I don't know, I just, trying to get you even points.
I got bored real quick, so.
And then, let's see, played more Resistance.
I'm actually playing it the second time through, and you get some more weapons, so it's like
mildly fun, more fun, I guess.
And then, actually, ironically enough, we were over at my sister's house yesterday,
and once we got done playing board games, they popped in Driver 3, because they're borrowing
my PlayStation 2 right now.
And apparently, her and her boyfriend, their favorite thing to do now is to stay up late
at night playing this game, just watching how crappy the game is.
And it's so bad that we were actually watching my sister play it, and we knew we would watch
a replay of it, and the replay wasn't doing what she did in the game.
The replay actually glitched out, and it was, it looked like we were watching like the Discovery
Channel, like a video of some lizard or something, because the character kept ducking and popping
back up and stuff and running around, and it ended up in the water somehow.
And there was actually another time that she was driving, and this car falls, like it looks
like it drove off the top of a roof of a building and just like crashed into this background
all of a sudden.
I was like, what the fuck is this?
It was just so retarded, so I have to play more Driver 3 now, because I forgot how crappy
that game is, and probably now it's like dirt cheap, so maybe pick up an actual copy of
it instead of a pirated copy on my PlayStation 2 hard drive.
And then play it on the PlayStation 3.
But yeah, that's pretty much it.
Looking forward to playing some new stuff this week, hopefully.
Jared Jay says, oh god, I still can't believe I paid $50 for Driver 3 back in the day.
And you know what?
I can't believe I paid $50 for a game I played a little bit this week, Fusion Frenzy 2.
I picked up this game because the demo was kind of fun, and I thought, oh well, you know,
I love those little mini games, this will be, you know, a good time.
The best way I can describe this game is unpolished.
I mean, it's just, it feels sloppy, like all these little cutscenes are bleh, and the games
all look the same, and it's so bland.
How could a game with 40 mini games, that's basically think Mario Party without the big
board, be so frickin' bland?
But it is.
I was just so bored.
And then I'm thinking, like, Fusion Frenzy 1 really wasn't anything to write home about,
was it?
Eddie, you watched me play this game, right?
Yeah, I just, I came over like an hour ago, and Rob was playing it.
It's just, it's really generic.
I mean, it looks like I revamped the graphics from, like, F-Zero on GameCube, and just like,
you know, they keep looping the same animation through.
Which is amazing, because the developers are completely different.
Yeah, but yeah, it, to me, had the same look to it, and it was just kind of generic, and
like, all the different, there's, the characters are all the same, it's just they're different
colors, and they use the same animation loops, like, over and over again, instead of actually,
like, having new cutscenes, and it's just, yeah, I just think they rush through it.
So I do not recommend Fusion Frenzy 2, unless you want easy achievement points.
Go rent it, because you can get through the achievements pretty easy, as I understand
it.
I racked up 75 pretty quickly, just playing through it once, and it wasn't anything that
difficult, so, yawn.
And I know we're going to talk later in the show about the rewards program, but it's,
for those of you guys that are hoping to get this as a reward, you might find that they're
just trying to unload the extra copies they're bound to have, because this game is not fun.
I'm sorry.
Well, here's the thing, like, thank God that the Halo beta wasn't included with this game.
Good point.
Root Beer Tapper's another game I played this week on Xbox Live Arcade, and I love the old
school Tapper.
You know, I know a lot of people have been giving Microsoft some shit for putting up
all these, like, old classic video games up on Xbox Live recently, but actually the ones
that they put up recently, like Rally-X and Root Beer Tapper, I actually remember from
my childhood and love.
So the only problem with Root Beer Tapper is that they really didn't do much to it.
They put a co-op and competitive mode in it, but it's stupid.
You don't see the other player on your screen at all.
All you see is, you see their score and how they're progressing in the game.
That's it.
So it doesn't lend itself very much to a co-op or, and they didn't even redo the graphics
or anything, so, I mean, I guess it's good that it's only $5, which is the cheapest that
Microsoft will charge any game, but expect this game to be the free toss-in on a lot
of upcoming bundle stuff like Xbox Live cards and things, because I just, I don't think
it's, as much as I love Root Beer Tapper, it didn't get the same treatment a lot of
the other games did, therefore, I don't think it's as good of a value, and it pains me to
say that.
What's, I was just, you mentioned that it's $5 is the cheapest, that's how it is on the
Virtual Console and Nintendo, what is with that, I mean, to me, that's still kind of
expensive for a game that, like, came out, like, 20 years ago, you know, they made their
money on it, they're just selling the bits over the internet, it's just, it's kind of
weird to me.
A lot of people have been making the same complaints you have, does a game like, I don't
know, Tennis, and I'm not talking Wii Sports Tennis, I'm talking old-school 8-bit Tennis,
does this game like Tennis really justify the same price as a game like Super Mario
Brothers?
Especially when I can go buy, like, a Nintendo for pretty cheap and buy the cartridges for
like 50 cents or less, I mean, it's like, or even if you want to go the illegal route,
download the ROM, which takes, like, a split second to download because it's really super
tiny, you know, only a few kilobytes, and it's like, wow, all this time that you, and
you didn't, they didn't add, like, multiplayer, no, if they added multiplayer over, you know,
their online network, oh, that's right, they don't have an online network, they just, you
know, Wii Connect 24, which just lets me know when there's a message to download, it doesn't
actually download the message.
Comments from our chat room, Jeremy Todd 1 says, I hate Root Beer Tapper, but of course,
I didn't play it a long time ago, so that nostalgia factor isn't there, but whatever,
I still think the game sucks.
Brad from Pod Culture says, I've been playing the hell out of Root Beer Tapper, fun times,
so differing opinions, I guess download the demo, see if it's something you like, so there
you go.
Alright, yeah, there's a chat room brawl breaking out over Root Beer Tapper, in fact, I think
some Root Beer glasses have just been shattered.
Why can't it just be Tapper with the beer?
Because it was Budweiser, and that was sponsored, and so you got product placement in there,
it's like why you couldn't do Mike Tyson's Punch-Out now, right?
Same type of thing.
Because he bit people's ears off, that's why he can't.
Yeah, he's a cannibal.
Yeah, actually, Nintendo is going to be re-skinning Punch-Out, and it's going to be Mike Tyson's
Ear-Biting and Women-Raping, actually is going to be coming out to the Wii Virtual Console,
for only $5, Eddie!
It's going to play like Oonga Boonga.
Get the Wii-mote and just like, thrust it in there.
For those that don't know what Oonga Boonga is, just don't look it up, just don't research
it, don't look it up on Wikipedia.
You should totally see it.
Oh man, Loki.
You can address those cards and letters to loki at orangelonestrader.com.
It's the finger up the ass for a tickets game.
Why can't we have ticket games like that over here, that'd be hilarious.
Let's see, let's go over and check in with Rice Princess and Casper the Gay, and see
if there's anything they've been playing this week, real quick.
I've been playing Oonga Booga, but like, on my own body, with someone else, but I don't
want to spend tickets, I'm just like, ooh, awesome, keep playing.
You're disgusting.
Eddie, what have you been playing this week?
I've been playing!
Okay, what?
Hat sex!
Are you guys drunk on this program tonight?
They're wearing hats.
I know this is radio, maybe we can take some pictures of both of them, but they're wearing
hats.
And like, Rice Princess is wearing a freakin' shamrock hat, that's like not even March yet.
Eddie, Casper the Gay, what have you been playing?
Yeah, big surprise, I downloaded Link the Bass when it came out on Virtual Console,
but I was kind of mad, I was like, that was $8, I was like, holy crap, but I was like,
you know, I haven't played that game in like 10 years, I should play it, but I mean, it's
like, it's cool, I love the old school stuff, but you know, it takes like 10 minutes now
to get all three pendants at the beginning, it's like, which is still fun though, I mean,
it's good old school stuff, but yeah, if Nintendo's listening, bring down your prices, I mean,
it's like, $2 for an NES game would not be too low.
Yes, actually, all of Nintendo is listening to this program, Reggie Fils-Aime is a very
loyal listener.
Yeah, pretty much.
Sure.
Oh, I forgot, I've been playing Super Mario World.
I beat it, I beat Super Mario World, because I'm awesome, I used Star World to get there
quickly.
Hey, Rob, you know, I've beaten Super Mario World 2.
Hey, Jamie, kiss my ass.
No, I don't know where that's been.
I'll help you out there, um.
You guys are filthy.
It's a tag, bonk.
All right, um.
You're being so brown, because, you know, it has to do with your butt, I guess, I don't
know.
Oh my god!
I like your shirt.
We watched the bullshit episode about the ass last night.
Video games, anybody?
Has anybody played them?
I'm trying to segue into video games again by commenting on your shirt.
Oh, sure, yes.
It's a lovely shirt.
I am, I'm wearing a very hot tanooki shirt, I'm gonna pose for the camera right now, look
at me, I'm all sexy, I'm, you know, god damn it.
You can't even see the tanooki when you do that, Rob, move your fucking microphone.
This is great radio, by the way.
No, it's not at all.
It's never been good.
We were just gonna mention my shirt, yes, I have a tanooki Mario in my shirt.
You know, I got accosted by a stranger in Radio Shack today, it was like, no, seriously,
this is how it went, dude, dude, that's an awesome shirt, dude, that is an awesome shirt.
Did you walk into the fraternity in Radio Shack or something?
Apparently so, because the guy's like, dude, that shirt is awesome, dude, I just got a
wee today, I got a wee at Target, I swear to god, I'm not making this up, and then the
woman behind the counter was like, um, was that the Mario where you, like, killed things
with your tail?
Because I'm not sure, because I've been sitting behind here all day doing nothing, and it's
starting to get my brain, because nobody shops at Radio Shack.
Rob.
What?
Oh, more pictures, I feel like a- Do you want a satellite TV?
I feel like Anna Nicole Smith, only alive, this is nice.
I'm taking a picture of Rob's shirt, one, two, five.
Ah, thank you.
It's blurry, oh well.
All right, anyway, let's get- And I'm not uploading it either.
Let's get into some actual gaming news, because we don't really have any housekeeping tonight.
Visit our Myspace- I do.
Oh, you have some housekeeping?
What do you want to say?
Well, just that you need some housekeeping.
Shut up.
Loki, save this show with some awesome exclusives, that would be, like, the best thing ever,
if you could, like, give us some video game news no one's heard yet.
How about the entire lineup for Xbox 360 from Microsoft this year, that'd be great.
How about that?
Let's start off, then, with Blue Dragon, which has been announced now for July 11th, so look
forward to that.
Project Silpheed on the 360.
Awesome.
For May 16th, Tenchu Z coming out June 12th, Two Human also May 16th, Mass Effect coming
out May 30th, Shadowrun June 13th, Forza 2 is slated for May 16th as well, man, that's
going to be a pretty big day, because I know Halo 3 is set around that time, too.
I'm sure some of this stuff is going to move, but.
And then on top of all those games we have coming out, of course, they're going to be
having a 4,000 point live card coming out in April, so if you didn't really want to
spend $20 on live points at the store, now you can spend $40 on live points at the store,
or actually, no, that's more than $50, I'm sorry.
I was kind of wondering at first why they would be doing this, but then I think the
movie rentals, you know, you can spend a lot of points really quickly on the movie rentals,
so folks that are downloading the HD movies, I can see.
Those cards sell well because people buy them as gifts, so.
I can see that.
They're like iTunes cards.
Exactly.
So, that's going to be pretty cool.
Tetris Evolution is actually coming out.
Remember, Tetris Grandmaster was one of the launch titles in Japan, now it's making it
over here.
This 360 game I've seen, this is a retail price point of $29.99 when it's coming out
in March.
Good job.
A moment of applause, please, for this.
Applause, please.
Low price points are awesome.
That was the wrong one-handed clap.
I've got some bad news, though.
That doesn't sound one-handed clapping.
Mario Party 8 has been delayed to June, or not June, May 15th, so I don't know.
How do you know this?
This is groundbreaking news.
Because us distributors talk to the publishers on a daily basis, so they will give us updates
to dates all the time, and even usually before press releases go out we get announcements
for stuff that hasn't been announced yet, or maybe announced at certain retail spots
but no one's paying attention.
Don't worry, guys.
You can play Fusion Frenzy 2 in the meantime and then poop on it because it's bad.
Because you had to play Fusion Frenzy.
Well, to be honest, though, most of the Wii games coming out now have party games in them.
I know Sonic the Hedgehog, the brand new one, Sonic and the Secret Rings, has actually party
games in it as well.
They look kind of fun.
Wait.
I have a question.
Yes.
Rice Princess has a question.
Yes.
Are the Secret Rings cock rings?
Low key.
And then finally, the remakes, Final Fantasy I and II, are slated for the PSP June 13th.
That's huge.
So that'll be pretty nice as well.
Wow.
Those are some huge dates you're giving us there.
Good job, Low Key.
So I'm just glad to see that some actual games are coming out.
I'm not sure if Microsoft's going to be stacking that many games in May.
They might try to shuffle stuff around a little bit to kind of spread out the fun, but lots
of good stuff for the summer.
Awesome.
Did you just paste that picture of my shirt?
Yes, I did.
Oh my gosh.
Oh wow.
And you can see my big fat stomach in there.
That's very nice.
Good job.
I got a cool shirt today.
Some of the perks of being in our chat room live when the show is going on Sunday at 6
o'clock.
What'd you get?
This is Captain America for President.
I love Captain America.
I want a shirt that says Reggie Fils-Aime for President, because he would regulate.
I'd go for Captain America.
And then like Link could be Vice President.
That would be awesome.
What?
What?
Rice Princess, you remember the rule in the studio is if you say something, you have to
say it in a mic.
Yeah, damn it.
Rob, I hate you.
I've hated you for years.
Oh, thank you.
I love you too.
Aww.
Aww.
Don't really touch me, Rob.
What the hell is wrong with the program tonight?
I don't know.
Oh, Fireboma says Sky needs to lose a good 200 pounds.
Who?
In related news, Fireboma.
No, no, no.
Who?
Fireboma.
Fireboma, out.
In related news, Fireboma just got kicked from chat.
There you go.
Yay.
Fireboma, you're out.
Yeah.
If you come back in, Fireboma, I'm going to sit on you.
For those who have never seen Rob, he's like the skinniest man ever.
What?
The only way your ass would weight 500 pounds is if you wore a metal diaper and you pooped
in it.
Anyway, God, what is wrong with this program tonight?
Shit.
Pure shit.
No, I was just saying that I saw a really cute shirt that was caps lock, cruise control
for awesome, and I really want that shirt a lot.
What is that a reference to?
I don't even get it.
Do you know what caps lock is?
Well, I know what the caps lock is, but- It's cruise control for awesome.
Hello.
You don't get it?
I saw this other one where the front says ding and on the back it says grats.
I really want that one.
That one I get.
Yeah.
You would because you're a nerd.
Yeah.
I've been playing lots of World of Warcraft this week, by the way.
So have I.
All right.
Anyhow.
Boo.
Let's go into some other news.
I promised last week we would have some news on the Alice movie.
This would be American McGee's Alice, as you know, being made into a movie.
Now, I apologize to the source because I don't think I'm supposed to name the source, but
if you want it to be named, then I apologize, but this information is coming from a very
trusted source of Orange Lounge Radio, somebody I've been working with for a while who just
happened to come across this.
I can't really say how, but got to read the script, the current script as it is for Alice.
Now keep in mind, these things change all the time.
So I know a lot of folks are going to sit out there and go, yeah, right, OLR is full
of it.
I reasonably believe this is accurate, the way the movie stands today.
It doesn't sound like BS.
It sounds pretty legit, but it might change by the time the movie comes out.
I'm curious what you guys think of this.
So here, I'm going to read from this, and I want to say thanks again to our source.
So I'm going to keep anonymous, but if you want me to name you, let me know.
I'll name you next week.
Alice as a child is confronted by her parents due to her uncontrollable fascination with
Wonderland.
Against Alice's protest that Wonderland exists, Alice's father takes down possibly
anything in her room that would insinuate any thought related to Wonderland.
Later that night, the house is burned down, and the only survivor found is Alice, splattered
with blood on her body.
Forward to the future, Alice is staying in a mental institution.
An MD, Dr. Hatfield, is interested in Alice and transfers her to another institution,
even though doctors tell Hatfield that Alice is impossible to cure.
Alice then begins a new treatment at the new institution, which is looking more and more
abnormal to Alice.
Alice's old meds are no longer given to her.
The other patients are deranged, but one sane doctor named Doyle seems to be the only
sane one, and Alice pleads to him for help as she claims she's not who or what she
really is.
Alice's treatments are getting worser and crueler and gets wind of Hatfield's surgeries.
After escaping a scuffle from getting into her first surgery, she follows a rabbit she
barely saw in the middle of her struggle and follows it into you-know-where.
Apparently, there were some notes on the script as well, some possible movies, because some
movie names were written on here, some movies that this could be influenced from.
12 Monkeys, 7, Perfect Storm, Pan's Labyrinth, Jacob's Ladder, What Dreams May Come, Lord
of the Rings, and then some bands were written on there as well, Nine Inch Nails, Ministry,
Butthole Surfers, specifically Chris Vrenna of Nine Inch Nails as well, Electronic Industrial
Hip Hop Music, and then this is the movie genre, Psycho Horror Action.
So what do you think?
Sounds kind of neat?
Sounds true to the game?
What do you think?
It sounds neat.
I haven't played the game, but it sounds neat.
I did years ago, but I don't remember it very well.
I watched a speed run of the game.
Did you?
It could be okay.
Yeah, so it sounds like it could be interesting.
Mention a movie I saw today.
What's that?
I saw Pan's Labyrinth today.
Oh, how was that?
Did you like that?
My roommate's been raving about that.
I didn't know if I should cry or be happy, so I just went, oh, it was really good.
Interesting.
Okay.
Let's see.
I'm going...
Except the original title wasn't even Pan's Labyrinth.
I don't know why they called it that.
The Rob D says Alice then gets treatment from a Dr. House, making reference to the TV show,
I guess.
JV Mon says, this sounds awesome.
So it could be very interesting.
Padrino says, I do believe it can be real since the scripts have to make the rounds.
I believe it's real too, but I think, as most scripts do, it's probably going to change
a bunch before we see the final product.
But there you have it.
Your first look into what the Alice movie has in store.
All right.
So how about some other news circulating the internet this week?
Well, there's a little bit of happiness going on.
For all of us who have been begging and pleading for Nintendo to do a kitty-kitty version of
Nintendogs, well, somebody else is doing it.
Crave is putting out Purr Pals for the DS.
You can choose 40 breeds of kitties, and pet them, and love them, and call them George,
and you can raise them, you know.
It's funny this mentions modifying cat behavior.
No.
You just call them modified cats.
Cats modify your behavior.
Am I the only one disappointed that they did not call this Pussy Pals?
Yes, you are.
I love that this article put up a cat macro, though.
It says, where is your god now?
Are you going to be picking up Purr Pals?
Probably.
Can it do Nintendogs justice?
Because, just, just.
It's a really different graphical style.
What's a kitty?
The graphical style is totally different from, like, a Nintendogs.
It's not realistic cats.
It's like cartoony alien cats.
Well, then never mind.
They have a video of it on iGn.
They have a video of it on other sites?
I usually avoid iGn, like, the plague, though.
You know.
Except, except I got Matthew Brando with blood.
They do have a lot of videos.
You know, there was a cats game that's already been out on the DS that you can do the exact
same thing.
It's called Cats with a Z at the end, you know, because they're extreme.
I don't know.
They do a dogs one, too.
Yeah, they have the dogs, horses, hamsters.
Wait, do these cats, like, go base jumping and, like, extreme snowboarding and stuff?
They're hardcore cats.
They do crystal meth and go to raves.
Wow.
They should have it, like, you know, they should have it where the cats actually start
scratching the DS, and you're like, what the fuck?
Why is there a throw up in my DS, you know, just stuff like that.
They should hack up hairballs and then poo on your, you know, your bathroom rug.
Of course, the chat room is all clamoring out in unison for Love Hamster, which was
a game we talked about.
Hamster does not have a P in it.
The Rob D says, you're just an intense pussy, Rob.
Anyway, speaking of crap, Codemasters' last Bubble Bobble game, Bubble Bobble Revolution,
was crap because you couldn't pass level 30.
What kind of a game is that?
Well, they're going back and recalling them so you can actually send it into Codemasters
and get a brand new copy that'll be fixed, and you can actually pass level 30.
That's good to know.
So if you happen to be unfortunate enough to have bought this game and haven't sold
it back yet, you may want to seek a better copy from Codemasters.
I think it would be great if there were only 31 levels, so they like send it in and it's
only one more level, and it's like, oh, okay.
Gotcha.
Wow.
Yeah, and that's the same, GS68 has the same thing in chat, but can you pass level 31?
Don't know.
What do you think, guys?
Now, do we ease up on the folks behind Bubble Bobble for the DS and not make any more level
30 jokes?
No.
You know what I think it really was?
I think they just didn't finish it on time, so they purposely made it so you couldn't
pass 30, and so that gave them more time to create more levels and stuff.
And they're like, yeah, now we've fixed it.
Yeah, now you can totally get past level 30.
I've read an interesting theory about that this is just a reflection of the general laziness
in QA and testing, because what the 360 and other next-gen systems have allowed you to
do with patching, because companies are too spoiled now with the whole patching thing.
If bugs are discovered, eh, they can go back and patch it.
But the problem is you can't really patch a DS game without doing a massive recall.
So I mean, is this maybe why this happened?
Possibly.
I mean, they obviously didn't play test it, because if, you know, oh, I can't pass level
30.
I just must suck.
I mean, other people would be better than I am.
All right.
Well moving on into other news, speaking of big letdowns, you might remember we even got
a call on this last week.
Somebody had said, hey, what do you think Konami's big announcement is?
Because remember we gave the rundown on Konami Gamer's Day last week, right, about the show
and all the games we played.
But Konami had put on their site, hey, boys and girls, stay tuned until Monday, because
we got some big shit, yo, that we're going to be laying down.
What was it?
I know what it is.
What?
They released a controller that you could play Frogger on.
No, that's actually old news.
I forgot to mention that during my gaming week.
I think that they released it, somebody had diarrhea when they went out.
Actually, I forgot to mention that Rice Princess and Casper the Gay and Xtaphir all got me
this little USB Frogger controller.
And all you have to do is plug it into the USB port and it installs the game and you
can play it.
And I'm here to tell you, the game sucks.
Balls.
Horrible, horrible, sloppy, wrinkly balls is what this game sucks.
It's horrid.
Ew.
That's gross.
And I spent more time staring at the now loading screen than I did actually playing the game.
Well, that's half the fun.
Was this like on clearance?
No.
Yeah, meaning yes.
Not.
How many dollars am I holding up?
Yes.
Was it seriously four bucks?
Wow.
It might be worth four bucks.
Not to make fun of Konami or anything, but I know.
Hey, look.
We gave glowing reviews of Gamers' Day last week, so I think I can say this shitty little
four dollar thing sucks, okay?
They're not going to cry.
Do you remember the first Gamers' Day we went to and even the second, like that summer thing,
that they had like a whole booth set up that they'd show you how to use the USB key thing?
I'm like, you fucking just plug it into a USB port.
How hard is that?
Uh, I can't get it in there right.
What the hell?
I mean, literally you just plug it in and it goes.
I mean, how do you fuck that up?
It's not supposed to go in my ass?
Damn it.
Alright, well anyway, so Konami, even though we've gotten way off track, Konami said they
were going to make this big announcement on Monday, and then here it was.
Here was the big announcement.
Here it is.
Last week, Konami announced new games in its Castlevania and DDR series.
It's going to be an incredible 2007, so stay tuned to these pages for the latest from Konami.
Chirp, chirp, chirp, chirp.
I mean, everybody was thinking, oh, it's going to be the Metal Gear Solid 4 information.
Oh, it's going to be Silent Hill Origins.
Oh, Silent Hill 5.
No, it was, hey, our big announcement is that we already made our announcement.
Sorry.
What?
That's it?
That was it.
Not even a reach around?
No.
Nothing.
I'm bitter.
Nothing.
No.
Any shitty, shitty, USB Frogger games for everybody.
Yay.
No.
If only Bar Man Act Zero were $4.
I'm tempted to wrap this up in toilet paper and give it away on the station to a lucky
listener.
Wait, is there going to be poop on that toilet paper?
No, maybe.
Ew.
But I don't want it.
No.
Maybe some Hershey's Kisses or something.
All right.
Anyway.
From your butt.
What is wrong with tonight's program?
I don't know.
Rice Princess and Eddie the Gay are here, but this program's off tonight.
Did you say Eddie the Gay?
Eddie the Gay.
Eddie Casper the Gay.
That's his full name, right?
I know I'm awesome.
All right.
Who's got the next story?
Is it me?
Your mom.
Oh, no.
Jamie, I believe it's you.
Is it?
Oh.
Yes.
I'm not your mom.
That would be wrong.
Looks like Activision has a hair up their ass because they're suing their own people.
Not really their own people, but they're suing people who worked on Guitar Hero now.
Remember that whole big stink they were having with the Ant Commandos for the unlicensed
guitar controller?
Well, they're suing them again and also including as defendants some folks that were with Red
Octane previously, that would be John Tam, Corey Fong.
Wasn't John Tam the dude that went to your house?
Yes, he is.
How funny.
He was pretty funny.
I mean, not funny.
I'm sorry, John.
It's not funny, but just interesting.
Sorry.
Small world.
I'll just sit down and shut up.
Well, also included is Corey Fong and Jamie Yang, who were...
They actually started another company since then that's working in conjunction with the
Ant Commandos.
So, in other words, these guys left Red Octane to go work with the Ant Commandos on a yet
unannounced game that probably has something to do with guitars?
Well, Activision is accusing them of copyright infringement, trademark infringement, misappropriating
trade secrets and confidential information, breach of contract, interference with constructional
relations and being stinky.
I'm glad they don't remember before 2005.
I mean, just, hmm, Guitar Freaks, ring a bell, anybody, no.
I even brought that up in a conversation, like, well, yeah, but we're different.
No, you're not.
To be fair, they are.
Okay, they have five buttons.
Guitar Hero, no, it's more than that.
You know it.
The game has a completely different look and feel than Guitar Freaks does, and it's crossed
over into popularity in a way.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, Bomani fans.
Guitar Freaks could never do.
Okay, fine.
If I put Keyboard Mania and made it look like Karaoke Revolution, oh, look, I got Keyboard
Hero.
That's all they fucking did is they changed the way the game looks.
Okay, great.
The notes come at me instead of straight up.
You know what other game did the exact same thing?
In the groove.
Is that different from you have a game like, I don't know, you have a platformer game like
Mario where he jumps and hits things, and then you have another game with a hero, like,
I don't know, The Legend of Kage where he jumps and hits things.
I don't know.
That's really obscure.
It's exactly the same.
That's exactly the same.
It's a move on.
So why isn't it a problem there?
Because they're stupid and they don't want to make a big fuss about it.
But here's the thing.
Here's where I have a problem.
I have a problem when you have the second person to come along and copy something and
say, oh, we're the originators of this stuff.
Bullshit, you were the originators.
You have no room to talk because this other company wants to make a guitar game.
That's just like when Street Fighter II was out there and then fighting games became popular.
You know what?
If say Mortal Kombat or whatever came down the line.
Mortal Kombat.
Thank you.
That's an excellent example.
What about King of Fighters?
What about World Heroes?
What about Art of Fighting?
What about Street Fighter?
Well, Art of Fighting, World Heroes and King of Fighters were all SNK so they could get
away with it.
That's fine.
Here's what I'm saying.
But they're all Street Fighter.
Here's what I'm saying, though.
Fatal Fury actually had multi-plane fighting, but sorry.
Okay, well, here's what I'm saying.
If the fucking originators of Fatal Fury came out and said, oh, we're pissed off that people
are copying our game, no, fuck them.
They were second in line or third in line.
They have no room to talk.
It's just like, you know, if the originators of In the Groove came out and said, oh, well,
we're pissed off that, you know, Dance Factory came out, well, fuck you, you copied someone
else.
The fighting games were actually around well before Street Fighter, but also, let's not
forget, though, remember the old houses for Obscure?
Pac-Man versus KC Crazy Chase for The Odyssey 2.
That game is now so hard to find because of being sued by Williams and Midway, but it's
the same thing.
Maze games have been around in a physical form before there were, remember the old mouse
trap games?
They existed beforehand.
I just think it's just a double standard right now that they really, well, the whole problem
is that Konami didn't do anything to, you know, protect their guitar freaks, you know,
patents or whatever they had there, so now they can't really, you know, stand on that.
But I still think it's retarded that they're suing over, you know, this game that, you
know what, Harmonix is working on something else right now and it's gonna blow this shit
away and then whatever, everyone's gonna get a big boner over that, so whatever.
Anywho, speaking of Guitar Hero, Activision is definitely showing their interest in Nintendo
platforms talking about doubling their, or aggressively targeting the Wii and DS for
titles such as, you know, the Spider-Man Shrek, etc., and talking about bringing Guitar Hero
to the Wii.
Although, what I've been reading, though, is it might not actually be Guitar Hero, might
be some other guitar game, but still, though, yeah, I guess you could do that, but the DS,
I don't know about that, that'd be kinda dumb, but we'll see.
Yeah, how exactly do you do Guitar Hero on the DS?
Tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap, that's kinda dumb.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Maybe something would like you hold the chords with the stylus, I don't know, that's kinda
lame, but then that's why I don't design games, I guess.
Maybe I'll have a fun peripheral.
Anyhow, some other Konami music game related news, I should state, by the way, we were
the first website anywhere in the planet to run the official song list of DDR Universe
on the Xbox 360, the default song list is what it's gonna look like there.
Our very own staffer Mel B. did some work on that and found that, so if you wanna see
that, head on over to orangeontree.com.
Very interesting lineup, I gotta say, Cascada, every time we touch is in it, Rapper's Delight
by the Sugarhill Gang is in it, that's gotta be fun, and Kylie Minogue is in it as well,
so it's gonna be fun.
I hope it has an equally retarded video like it did in Pump It Up.
I don't know, we'll see.
That was hilarious.
Also, I wanted to say this regarding official Konami music games, there's an interesting
report on Bomani Style that was run earlier this week, we received our first confirmation
from Betzen that Beatmania 2DX Arcade will soon be testing in the next few weeks in Illinois
at Brunswick Zone in Naperville.
No version has been confirmed as of yet, although it is rumored to be Beatmania 2DX Gold.
What this is basically saying is that, possibly, Betzen could be distributing Beatmania 2DX
Gold here in the States.
Usually Beatmania 2DX machines have to be imported from other countries, which is why
you see them so, so rarely.
But very interesting that they would do this now, because Konami didn't announce a Beatmania
2 at their Gamers' Day, and they came out with Beatmania 1 last year, which makes me
think, I don't know if Beatmania 2 is coming out for the home.
So what would be the strategy of them trying to release one in the arcades?
I don't know.
What do you think, though?
Do you think they should release Beatmania 2DX over here in the arcades, or do you think
it's a lost cause?
Well, there's been places that have had it for years anyway.
But they're very niche places, you know?
Yeah, and the thing is, is that the majority of arcades are really going to be really lazy
and not want to upkeep that type of machine.
So if it's going to be around, it's only going to be at major places that are guaranteed
to be well-kept.
Other than that, they're going to be wasting however many thousand dollars a machine is
on something they don't want to keep up.
JV Mon says, get hype through the arcades, and then people would be like, hey, I want
to play that at home.
So maybe this is a way for them to re-light a fire under the Beatmania franchise at home.
I don't know.
I had heard the series didn't do that bad, but the fact that they didn't announce the
sequel kind of makes you worry.
Eh, not really, because I'm wondering if they just don't know what they're going to do with
platforms.
I mean, if you think about it, say they haven't started Beatmania 2 yet, where's the PlayStation
2 going to be, say, in November?
I mean, they don't know.
So it's kind of a risky thing to do.
That's why there weren't really any PlayStation 2 games announced at Gamers' Day.
Gaming Nerd says something interesting, 2DX barely gets any money in the U.S. to begin
with.
2DX Gold will be no different.
But what if they take the Beatmania 2DX machines out of the niche arcades that have them now,
you know, the arcades that are willing to import games, and they put them in your local
bowling alley?
You know, your local other arcade would stand to make more.
And plus, the machines are going to be cheaper if they're done here domestically.
They're going to be half as much, I think.
I don't know.
I'm just guessing.
But they might stand to make more in profit.
Just a thought.
Especially those machines, it's just that they have, you know, the giant plasma screen
on it and stuff.
I mean, granted, there are a lot of machines nowadays that have, you know, giant plasma
screens.
But, you know, I know with Golf Land, for example, we have little kids fucking breaking
that shit.
You know, replacing a plasma screen isn't cheap, and that's, you know, bad.
One can only hope, though, that if we're going to get it, it's going to at least be in good
shape.
I have a little bit of something that will be in good shape, because, well, it's brand
new.
So, we have our UK release dates.
How's that sound?
Yippee!
Coming out on the 16th is a bunch of stuff.
We have Armed Assault, or is it Arm A, I guess?
Arthur and the Invisibles, Cartoon Network Racing, Excite Truck, God Hand, Infernal,
Mario Hoops 3 on 3, Over the Hedge, Hammy Goes Nuts, Sherlock Holmes, The Awakened,
Supreme Commander, Toko Race Driver 3, and Tortuga, Two Treasures.
Great.
Wow.
Great.
Sorry, I seem kind of short.
Well, it's...
Yeah, I guess it's a slow month.
I'm looking at the Japanese release dates, they're not much longer, but...
Yeah.
I mean, the U.S., it's a pretty decent week, at least.
We're going to see some new stuff for the Wii with Wii Play, so if you're short a remote
and need to buy one for cheap, Wii Play is the way to go.
And then, of course, if you're not in, or don't have a Wii, on PlayStation 2, Ghost
Rider, which is kind of a rip-off of God of War, but, you know, God of War's not a bad
game, so definitely worth checking out.
It's also cheap, only $29.99.
I played Ghost Rider at E3, I don't know how much the game's changed, I mean, granted it's
been six months.
But that game sucked ass at E3, I'm sorry, it was horrid.
It looks a lot better now.
Well, that's encouraging, because maybe they took all the negative feedback from E3 and
did some retooling, so...
I think so, it looks pretty...
Alright, then I retract my statement, a game can change a lot in six months.
It looks very similar to God of War, like a very ripped-off God of War.
Anyways, the Warriors is coming out on PSP, and that's pretty inexpensive as well, only
$19.99, so definitely check it out.
Ratchet & Clank Size Matters on the PSP, if you're a Ratchet & Clank fan.
Galactic Civilizations 2, Dark Avatar, the expansion pack for that game is finally coming
out.
Test Drive Unlimited on PC, finally making its way to market.
Gurumen, A Monsterous Adventure on the PSP, brand new Atlus game.
Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Vegas on the PSP, lots of PSP love this week.
Monster Kingdom Jewel Summoner... what?
I'm sorry, I...
Stop making comments behind me!
No, we're not making comments at you, I've been, I'm flashing my chest at Irene.
Stop getting Irene excited, it's really, it's really distracting.
Anyways...
Thank God we're not a TV show.
Dream Lords on the PC, brand new MMO.
And then finally, a GameStop exclusive, Chulip, when I gotta tell you this game looks like
a...
Wait, it's a GameStop exclusive?
It's a GameStop exclusive, and it looks like a piece of doggy shit.
Wait, I played this game at E3 like two years ago when it was first, it was cute, I mean,
it isn't, is it $19.99?
Because that might be okay.
But yeah, I mean, it isn't gonna win any awards, but it was cute, I mean, you know what you're
getting into, okay?
It's a game called Chulip for Christ's sake.
Yeah.
It's a kissing simulator.
Yeah, it's a kissing game.
You go around, you kiss people.
Oh man, that's gonna...
What?
It's gonna, it's like a sexual harassment game.
It's gonna sell really well amongst the nerds, because they'll need practice kissing, because
they don't kiss anyone else, except for their moms.
That's so wrong.
No, um, no, Chulip is a $30 game.
What?
$29.99.
Thank God.
It'll be in the bargain bin in three weeks.
Come on.
You know it and I know it.
Come on.
Is that it?
That's it.
Japanese games coming out on February 15th on the PlayStation 2.
There's not a lot, actually, across the various systems.
Nothing on 360 or any of that stuff, but we have on PlayStation 2 Appleseed EX is coming
out from Sega.
They also are putting on Castlevania Curse of Darkness to Konami best hits.
I should also mention this game, Shining Force EXA is coming out.
Also Soul Cradle, Sekai o Kuro Mano is coming out.
I know.
Shut up, Irene.
I butchered every...
That's why they have me do the Japanese release dates, because I can't pronounce any of them.
That was awesome.
Shut up.
I hate you.
Sumimasen.
Zero no Suikaima is coming out as well from Marvelous Entertainment on the PlayStation
2.
Coming out on the Nintendo DS, Bleach DS 2nd is coming out, and this game sounds like it
might be fun.
Death Note, Kira Game.
Yes.
I want that.
It's coming out.
What the hell is Death Note?
I don't even know.
Death Note is awesome.
What is it?
It's awesome.
Okay.
Okay.
Thanks, Jamie.
They're really descriptive.
Hey, hey, hey.
I'm going to preorder that shit right now.
So, shut up.
Death Note is a manga done by the same one who did Hikaru no Go.
It's really, really, really, really, really, really, really cool.
They just did a movie, and they're working on a second movie, and the anime is out right
now.
It's super awesome.
It's about a guy who finds the notebook of a death god and then starts killing people.
And that's all I'm going to say, because everyone should be reading it.
And if that's not your cup of tea, Luminous 2 is coming out on the PSP in Japan.
I'm not sure what songs they got different than we did, but I know they have some other
songs there instead.
I think we read them on a previous episode, so you'll have to go back and look, because
I'm feeling too lazy.
But I do want to point out also on Sony PSP, Tales of Destiny 2.
If you're a Tales of Destiny fan, there you have it.
Oh, Rob.
Domo arigato for that news.
Shut up.
Well, actually, why don't you reserve your Domo arigato for Dark Sakura, because she
is going to give you her website of the week, and it's the place on the internet that you
should definitely be checking out right now.
It's not mine to give.
All right.
Well, we do.
It's the gift that keeps on giving here on Orange One's Radio.
Someone's sick and deranged website.
All right.
Well, you've found it, and you're highlighting it here for us.
So arigato, Dark Sakura.
Isn't that what Scott over on All Games calls you, Dark Sakura?
Dark, dark, ball Sakura.
Hearts, love you.
Are you done?
Yes.
And the site of the week.
Shut up, Rob.
Sorry.
I love that site.
Let me introduce this again.
I'm sorry.
Let me try this again here.
No, no, no, no.
Just fucking play the music.
I'm talking.
No, no, no, no.
Today's website of the week.
No, no, no.
Hold on.
No.
We're going to give this a proper...
Jamie's kicking Rob's ass.com.
All right.
I'm sorry for butchering your name.
So here we go.
We're going to give...
Here we go.
Ready?
It's time for Dark Sakura's hardcore website of the week.
Yeah.
We should do that from now on.
Today's website of the week is davidtennis.com.
Dude, I want to look up the extra music again.
As I said, today's website of the week is davidtennis.com because I couldn't think of
anything else.
Oh, never mind.
So much for the hardcore.
Meow, meow, meow.
Meow, meow, meow.
That would be david-tennis.com.
He is the man who plays the 10th doctor on Doctor Who and I love him.
That's all.
I think we should just change this feature to Doctor Who website of the week.
Yeah, the Doctor Who website of the week.
Hey, I haven't done a Doctor Who site in like three months.
I could bite my ass in a non-literal way.
Yes, Rice Princess has a question.
I do.
Can I help you?
Eddie wants to know.
Yes.
In any of the Lincoln...
Well, it was just, what, Ocarina of Time and...
No, no.
What ended up being the only village in the land of Hyrule in the Zelda games, Irene and
I pronounce it differently and we're going to start a debate.
I pronounce it Kakariko Village and Irene pronounces it...
Kakariko.
Maybe Kakariko.
And she's Asian so she's probably right.
Kakapupi.
Kakapupi Village.
All of us Whitey's back in the 90s called it Kakariko Village.
Yeah, but if you read the Kana in Japanese it has pretty much even pronunciation on every
syllable it would be Kakariko.
I didn't know the village had a name.
Are you serious?
Like the village...
That's exactly what I was going to say.
It's the village that has the chickens that you beat up that all attack you.
That's a really long title for it.
I mean, it is the village.
That's what Kakariko means.
It means town of chickens.
Town of chickens.
The town of avenging chickens.
Anyways, speaking of avenging chickens, we have a brand new program that's being started
by Microsoft and kind of teaming up with Old Spice Deodorant to...
No, I'm sorry, this is really funny because you know that stereotype.
Any other game would be uncivilized.
No, but you know like the gamer that's been sitting at home all day racking up these 10,000...
I'm sorry.
Finish your story.
I apologize for interrupting.
Any who.
Then I'll make my deodorant joke.
They're basically challenging Xbox Live users who are in America to add at least 1,500 achievement
points to their gamer score between February 12th and April 12th.
And depending on what your gamer score is now, starting off, that will depend on what
prize package you win.
And here are the different prize packages for you that you could possibly earn by wasting
this much time.
If your gamer score is 0 to 4,999, you can earn a game picture, a dashboard theme, and
Contra for Xbox Live Arcade.
That's level 1.
Level 2, which is between 5,000 and 9,999 gamer points, you receive everything from
the level 1 package as well as 100 Microsoft points and a contest t-shirt.
Oh my god!
That's awesome!
Dude!
Dude!
I love your shirt!
Dude!
Any who, if you have over 10,000 gamer points, you will earn the level 1 package, 200 Microsoft
points, a t-shirt, and Fusion Frenzy 2.
Oh my god!
A t-shirt!
Dude!
Dude!
Dude, I gotta get that t-shirt!
That game fucking sucks!
But I gotta get the t-shirt!
And by the way, we here at Orange Launch Radio are excited to announce that there's actually
some secret levels that have not yet been unveiled, but here's the deal.
If you have 20,000 gamer points or more, you're in level 4, and Old Spice will actually send
you free deodorant, because you probably need it if your gamerscore has gotten to be that
high.
Actually, I'm not gonna include it in every level, because all of this stinks, so...
They're like, no, no, no, we don't care about the prizes, we really just want to get the
deodorant to you and we're masking it with the prizes.
And if your gamerscore is 50,000 or above, you're on level 5, and Old Spice is going
to send you a free blow-up doll, because you probably need one of those as well.
But you know what, the best prize is in level 6, they actually send someone to punch you
in the gob.
QQ!
But if you, to enter this wonderful contest, just simply go to xbox.com slash rewards,
and you can enter after, well basically after the 12th, so hurry up and get those 1500 achievement
points so you can score that wonderful Fusion Frenzy 2, hooray!
Travis Donovan from our Saturday Night Program here at Orange Lounge says, worst product
tie-in promo ever.
Black Wolf from the other Sunday Night Program on the other network, allgames.com says, level
3 package equals 830 point value plus t-shirt plus Bill Gates' favorite game.
Oh my god, Fusion Frenzy 2 is Bill Gates' favorite game?
What a loser!
That's probably the only game he's played this year.
He's like, that's my favorite game.
Mystic Goan says, I'm so tired of hearing, wow, you play so much, your stink is going
through the mic.
Thanks, Old Spice!
QQ!
Anyhow, something else that is going to cause people to not leave the house for today, actually
I should ask real quick, are you going to participate in this, Loki?
Fuck no, Fusion Frenzy 2?
No, but you're not at that level, your gamer score is not 10,000.
T-shirt?
I know, free t-shirt.
Oh, t-shirt.
Something to work out.
I'm going to be doing Crackdown, so if I finish Crackdown that quick, I guess.
DDR Universe is going to be an easy 1,000 points.
DDR Universe, yeah.
All right.
Cookie Party.
Anyhow, what?
Cookie Party?
What?
Cookie Party.
You eat a Cookie Party t-shirt?
Fuck yeah, I would be renting, I'd be going to Blockbuster right now to rent like frickin'
NBA Live 06 or whatever those games are, I don't play, but I have the easiest gamer
scores in the world.
They give away a Cookie Party t-shirt, I'm all about that, and if you don't understand
the joke, that's too bad.
The Halo 3 beta invite.
Halo 3 beta invites the picture that are included with Crackdown, like the little slip that
comes in has been leaked out to the internet, and here's the catch about the Halo 3 beta,
you have to have the Crackdown disc to be able to play the Halo 3 beta, so no buying
the game, taking the slip out for the Halo 3 thing, and then selling the game back.
You actually have to hang onto the game, probably past the return window, to actually play the
Halo 3 beta online.
Just another thing too, the Halo 3 beta might not be available right as you pick up Crackdown.
I hope nobody's expecting that, it's not going to be.
I hope people don't think that's what's going to happen.
It just means that you're going to get into the beta whenever it's available.
Is that a subtle way for them to let people know that they're cracking down on that returning
thing?
Okay, I ruined that joke.
Say goodbye to Rice Princess, everyone.
It's the last show.
It's nice knowing you, Rice Princess.
Thanks for playing.
You lose.
Ball failed.
Well, in other gaming news, there is a particular little game that a lot of people were sort
of obsessed of that didn't go so well in Japan called Loco Roco.
Well, the sequel is now playable.
You can go actually onto the website and there is a downloadable version.
Did you download it?
Not yet.
Are you going to?
I haven't been home.
I see.
She got her hair did this weekend.
I got my hair did.
Yeah.
Now, there also is though a little bit of a rumor stating that it could be possible
this will be a PS3 version, but honestly, I'm really thinking that it should just stay
PSP because that type of game really lends itself well to the PSP, especially since you're
turning the six success is not going to be as much fun as the system itself or rocking
the system itself.
Yeah, I'm hoping it'll go on PSP as well because PSP, actually, PSP is having a little bit
of a resurgence with the Castlevania and some of these other games that are coming out.
It's importable ops and all these Konami's support behind PSP.
It's actually becoming more and more like a system people ought to be checking out,
especially if a price cut isn't.
I bought another PSP.
Did you?
Yeah.
Good job.
I bought it off of a friend.
What's this?
Your fourth?
Well, I only have two now.
Only?
Yeah.
Well, basically, this one is going to be... I'm going to put the Dark Alex firmware on there
now.
It's because my friend, he mistreats his PSP, so he broke the buttons and the analog sticks,
so I have to fix that, but I bought it for three bucks.
By the way, if you're listening to us on a PSP, you should visit OLRPSP.com.
Loki hasn't updated it in about a year, but it's still pretty, and there's a background
that you can download.
There will be new stuff eventually.
Sure, there will.
And I'm working on stuff.
Right after you finish the Wii website, too, right?
Actually, that has to do with the OLR PSP.
Oh, wheely.
Wow.
That's lame.
Anyways.
It's better than OPSP, really.
Some cool stuff, though, that you might be able to do in the future will include Skype,
because apparently, speaking of the new firmwares coming out, they have dissected the firmware,
and they have found a little line of code here in 311 that talks about the Skype plug-in,
so it's something that will be coming out possibly later on.
But that's kind of cool, though.
So Skype support coming soon to your PSP.
How is that going to work?
That's special.
Because there's no microphone on it.
Well, they have headsets for it.
You can use headsets for...
What ever happened to the DS thing that was like Skype?
Remember when they showed that at E3?
Like they had the white Wi-Fi voice thing?
Voice over IP?
Yeah.
Just like they have in Metroid Prime Hunter.
Oh, they put it in one game, Big Wow.
Actually, no, they have it in the new Diddy Kong Racing.
I think you're missing my point.
My point is, where is the standalone app where I can use this to call my friends across the
US for free?
Rob, now, if they had a standalone app, that would mean that they're embracing online.
They don't want to let everyone know that they're embracing online.
It's a secret.
Oh, because they haven't actually embraced online.
They're actually making the internet harder, is what Nintendo does.
You don't understand, Rob.
You don't understand.
Wii Connect 24.
It's connected all the time.
That means it's connected to something out there.
Something that makes my Wii glow.
But when I turn it on to see what that something is, there's nothing there.
But shortly after I turned it on, there's stuff there.
It's just it lets me know soon there will be more stuff there.
Wake me up when the Wii downloads my porn for me.
What the fuck is...
Honestly, and I hate to go on a rant about it again, but what the fuck is up with Wii
Connect 24?
It doesn't download my messages.
I don't have current weather.
I don't have current news.
It doesn't download any updates.
What the fuck is it doing?
Is your Wii on?
Yes, my Wii is on.
No, no, it's devil power making it glow.
You should be a Nintendo customer service rabbi.
Oh yeah, because I've had the total opposite experience.
My Wii starts glowing, I turn it on, and there's messages right there.
All the updates are downloaded without me having to do anything, so I don't know what
you're doing.
It's because you're like the biggest...
No, but don't you have to click in and actually do the update manually, right?
You still have to click the...
Yeah, I just had to do that.
What?
I've never had to do that.
Okay.
Do you have the news channel on your Wii right now?
I do.
Yeah, when there's a new server, because they're not just going to do that without you wanting
to do it.
But the messages are there.
The updates have like...
Yeah, it'll tell you right away.
That was the thing.
The thing about the 24s was to do all that shit without you having to think about it,
right?
Not the extra apps though, because you have to choose what apps you want.
Like I'd be kind of mad if I wanted, and I was like, I don't want that app, and it was
on there, you know?
But like the messages, I don't have to download them.
They're already there when I turn it on.
You do realize that those downloading apps that you so call, those are actually firmware
updates.
The apps were meant to be on the system, and all you're doing is updating the firmware.
So yes, you are having to download the updates it's not doing for you automatically.
It's not downloading the programs, say like the internet browser, that you actually had
to download.
Yeah!
But what if you don't want the internet browser?
Too bad!
Then don't download it!
Oh, why?
The internet browser you don't have to download, it's news and weather.
You need your news and weather.
Oh yeah, I really need that really bad.
I would like to take a quick poll of all the Wii owners in the room.
How many times have you used the news channel and the forecast channel?
How many times have you used the news channel and the forecast channel?
I will go first.
I've used the forecast channel twice, and the news channel three times.
And once was this week because I was looking for pictures of Anna Nicole Smith.
Loki.
I used the forecast channel once today, but it had weather from midnight, which said it
was still raining, yet outside it's blurring sun, so apparently that was wrong.
And Loki went outside in a huge park going, man, fuck the Wii!
I just wanted to know if it was raining later, but I'd have to go in and...
How about you open a window, dumbass, that's going to tell you if it's raining or not.
Well, I know if it's raining now, I want to know if it's raining later, hence the forecast.
I don't want to know what it's doing now, I mean, because I can just look out a window.
We can open it now, Kat.
Exactly.
I don't want to know what weather it was at midnight, oh great, it was raining while I
was asleep.
Excellent!
That's great to know!
In case I was outside when I was sleeping!
So it...
That's stupid.
Well, the Sleepwalkers of America, thank you, you insensitive fuck.
Well, they would know after the fact, they'd be like, what the fuck?
It's raining!
They're like, oh man, I have pneumonia, this sucks.
DarkSakura, how many times have you used the news channel and the forecast channel?
She's holding up a big fat zero.
Eddie?
Just one time when I first got it.
Dan just used it, though.
Like every day?
I just happened to be in the living room and he had it up while I was sleeping.
Okay, so once.
More than that, but I just thought once.
I haven't used either before, but I use the foreskin channel a lot.
It's my favorite one.
Why are you on the... who invited you on tonight's program?
Nobody did, did they?
Me?
That's what I thought.
I invited myself.
I remembered why you haven't been on this program in a while.
Anyway, moving on to other news.
News coming out of DICE, the DICE show, D-I-C-E, coming out of Las Vegas, the PSP and the PS3
networks will be joining together.
That was coming from Phil Harrison, quote, this year we'll be adding some functionality
to the PSP that will unify our approach.
So we really don't know what exactly that means yet.
That means I don't have to buy a PlayStation 3 to download PlayStation 1 games to my PSP.
If maybe that means that they'll have the same look and feel of the store or what's
going on, but we don't really know.
That means that the PlayStation Portable will actually have a network store, since it doesn't
right now.
That'll be kind of nice, because the Sony website isn't even that great on the PSP.
I don't know if you've gotten to it.
It's not that great.
I try not to go to it, because it's lame.
I'm reading comments in chatroom, by the way, who's given some feedback on the whole debate
we were having in here.
James Patrick says, forecast is good here in Texas, it told me it was going to rain
a couple of times.
Interesting.
Burshad says, wait, we are gamers, we are in the basement, no windows.
Oh, I forgot.
Sorry about that.
How could I forget?
Oh, yeah, because we're on the second story.
Anyhow.
Well, I actually read an article last week about an HMV UK retailer who was doing a PSP
PS3 bundle.
They have retracted it now due to consumer pissed-offness.
They've heard the people.
Is that the legal term?
Yes, pissed-offness.
They have heard the people, they have gone back and said that for anyone who's participated
in the pre-order, they will give them an option of just ordering the PS3 or get the bundle.
The PS3 is going to cost 425 on the March 23 release in Europe with 220,000 units to
be available on that day.
But, yeah, if you're going through HMV, you can just order just the PS3 now, although
I don't know why.
There's only one good game on it.
So they did this in response to customer demand?
Pretty much.
So the tribe has spoken?
The PMS of the masses have spoken.
I see.
All right.
Well, there's some other news that came out of DICE this week as well, featuring some
wonderful announcements of stuff, including the PlayStation Ducks are back and their own
game now called Super Rub-a-Dub, and apparently the game looks very similar to the arcade
game Bubbles, which is kind of interesting.
You tilt the screen around, moving the mother duck to collect the baby ducks and reach the
end.
Yeah, that will be coming sometime soon, I guess.
And then, of course, they were talking about SingStar for the PlayStation 3 and how the
PlayStation Store will be supporting that as well.
So that's not a big surprise.
And of course, also talking about how people will be able to create their own custom user
pages, including video performances of them singing.
I assume that you would need the eye toy for this, or the EYE OF JUDGEMENT, or whatever.
And then, of course, they were talking about- Will Simon Cowell be a part of the Eye of
Judgment?
I thought it was awful.
No, they will not.
I think you should take a gun and shoot yourself in the face.
And then finally, the PlayStation 3 online platform will continue to evolve aggressively.
Well, that's great, because one game, or less than one game a month, kind of sucks
right now with your PlayStation online store.
I know people bitch about no updates to the Xbox 360s market, but jeez.
Yeah, at least Xbox 360s gains stuff on a weekly basis, at least.
I have yet to see some new demos come to the PlayStation 3 store.
But it's early for PlayStation.
Xbox was slow in the beginning as well.
Yeah, I remember that, but still though, come on.
I don't want to see an update- Oh, there's new stuff on the PlayStation Store!
It's a new PS1 game that you can't play on the PS3, you need to play it on your PSP.
Well, fuck you.
Raven's Dolphin says, Loki, I think the duck is a joke I do not know.
What's the duck joke?
The duck they showed at every new console launch, it's like the tech demo that they
had.
Oh, the way they build a tub with the rubber ducks to do how many on-screen polygons.
That was on the very first disc, the PS position demo disc.
Well speaking of PlayStation, at least the portable types, they're going to get you in
trouble in New York City pretty soon.
But don't worry, Sony fanboys, Nintendo DS is a fair game as well.
This is the reason, three pedestrians have been killed in Brooklyn since September because
they step into the road while using an electronic device and it distracts them from people yelling,
watch out!
You know, hey, get out of the way, there's a car coming.
And what they're thinking about doing now is that they're going to pass a law that says,
it's legislation, it hasn't been passed yet, but it's on the table, about you could be
charged a $100 fine if you're using a PSP, a Nintendo DS, an iPod, a Blackberry, or a
mobile phone, all while crossing the road.
So I think it's dangerous to use a device and walk.
What about people driving?
Oh, it's dangerous too, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Well, she is illegal there too, isn't it?
But well, yeah, I mean, that's already illegal in New York City, but you have to remember
the very...
It's illegal here too, Rob.
Well, not yet, but it almost is, but keep this in mind is that...
I switched to speakerphone anyway.
Back off, lady.
The thing you have to remember too, in New York City, hello, it's unlike any other city
when you're talking about pedestrians.
I mean, there's so freaking many pedestrians.
So it really is kind of its own unique little world.
You know what?
They make the laws for a reason.
They're trying to protect people, not inhibit what they're doing.
Apparently it takes a few retarded people stepping out in the traffic, jaywalking while
talking on their cell phone or playing a fucking game.
Who would the fucking play a game and walk in the first place is what I want to know,
but whatever.
So they're doing it.
Some of our New York City living friends chime in on this in the chat.
Rama says, Sky, some people are too stupid to pay attention.
You do not turn the volume up to the point where you cannot hear a honking horn.
Legend of Zaku says, looks like this guy hasn't heard about natural selection.
Amen to that.
What do you guys think about this law?
Is this a needed law, a necessity?
I think that Darwinism should just be let work because that would cleanse the gene pool.
Wow.
All right.
I think we have to blame Grand Theft Auto for this because in Grand Theft Auto you run
over people.
So therefore Grand Theft Auto is to blame because these people are getting run over
by cars.
It makes perfect sense.
Where is the justice with these damn M-rated games?
We need to take them off the shelves because clearly it's not incompetent people that are
causing deaths.
It is these M-rated games.
How do they know that the drivers aren't playing their PSPs while they're driving?
Like maybe it's their fault.
Maybe the driver is playing driver.
Yeah, and then a car just falls right in front of them out of the sky.
I just got punched in the face by a gay man.
I think it's kind of a silly piece of legislation right there.
But that's just me.
I live in New York.
I don't know.
But seriously, I think that if you're stupid enough to not pay attention when you're crossing
the road, you pretty much have it coming.
I think it's one thing, if it was like a little kid who wasn't old enough to have the common
sense.
Well, the parents should be there to tell them to look out.
Exactly.
Well, okay, but if they're walking home from school, but then again the parents should
still tell them in advance.
They should teach them to look both ways before crossing the street, cross walks, and freaking
pay attention because people are stupid.
The drivers aren't going to pay any more attention than they are.
If I'm crossing the road, hell yeah, I'm going to look and make sure that nobody's coming
for me.
I think that if you think that your video game is more important than your life, by
all means play your game and spare the rest of us your DNA.
I was thinking they shouldn't pass that so that people can still be getting hit by cars
while they're doing that, and then I can just run over and take their PSP while they're
on the ground, dying, and I'm like, yes, I have a PSP now.
Oh, you're so sympathetic.
I know.
I would totally do that.
Yeah, me too.
It's like you're stupid.
You don't deserve one of these.
Well, I sense the angst rising in this room, and you know what happens when the angst rises?
People die.
It's time for the FUs of the week here, boys and girls.
I love the FUs of the week.
Dark soccer, then start us off.
A big FU to the medical industry for being more interested in selling us drugs than actually
fixing the problem, because they give you all these drugs that do nothing but treat
the symptoms or suppress the symptoms that your body creates to help you heal, and making
us more and more and more and more dependent on them, when I think it's one thing that
if you say have diabetes and need insulin, that's one thing.
That's chronic condition, but if you have the flu and think, oh my God, I need to take
this drug and this drug and this drug and this drug, when all you have to do is drink
some tea, take some vitamin C, and take some time off work and sleep, you don't need to
pay the whole reason that the medical field is so fucked up right now, because people
are too dependent on treating symptoms.
I've learned so much since going into massage therapy about how the body works.
And also, if you're stressed out, take some fucking time and breathe.
You're dumping adrenaline and other toxins into your liver, you are making yourself fucking
sick, just stop and breathe.
I'm done.
Low key.
Shut up, Fireballa, fuck you, and it'll give happy endings.
If you want to join our chat room, you too can get yelled at by Dr. Stalker.
I'd like to make an epi to the highway patrol in California, because I saw them speeding
and not changing lanes using their blinker.
One of them did that, so props to him, but the other fucking guy, what kind of example
are you setting for these other drivers out there?
No wonder they're driving like assholes, because you drive like an asshole too, and they think
it's okay because the lawman's driving, you know, I don't give a shit if you can do that,
whatever.
So fuck that, and yeah, that's all I got.
I'm not very angry today.
Oh, yeah, fuck Activision for, you know, suing people over Guitar Hero, the completely original
guitar game out there.
My FU of the week goes to my doctor for not being available when I meet her, and to the
dentist for my temporary crown falling out a second time.
That's just lovely.
Rice Princess, do you have any FUs?
Any angst you'd like to get off your chest?
Yeah, I wanted to say FUs, too, because you're playing this version of One Night Angel, and
you should be playing the piano version.
Hello?
Jamie's Choice, not mine.
Oh, okay.
Well, you can play that one.
This is more hardcore.
Yeah, so it would be in honor of Eddie and I. I remember that one from our show.
I do.
And nobody else does.
Yeah, that's okay.
Rice Princess.
Well, then we can refresh their memories by reenacting it on their own.
I think I deleted that in P3.
I think I'm gonna punch you.
Eddie, any FUs of the week you want to give?
Yeah, I'm FUing whiny, immature, straight girls to steal, like, eyes from me, so, huh.
Me too.
Well.
Stupid straight girl.
Look out.
That was a good comeback.
Look out.
You need a third eye for that one.
Nobody understands that.
I know.
I know, because no one listens to The Wednesday Show.
Anyhow, I think now's a very good time to take a break.
I don't know about you kids, but I think now's a good break time.
So we're gonna take a break right now.
We'll be back with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
