Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream
twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links
to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
All right, welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio on this lovely Sunday evening.
We're taping live on February the 4th of 2007.
Hey, if you want to join us for a live taping sometime, it's Sunday nights, 6 o'clock pacific,
www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And yes, we know there's a big football game that just wrapped up and folks are probably
still at their parties, but here we are because we're loyal to the show.
We love you guys and we love all of you that are in chat right now, even though there is
still that football game, post-game stuff going on and whatever show is on after it
this year and all that stuff going on.
So thank you guys for being loyal and tuning into Orange Lounge Radio.
Let's get back into some gaming news, shall we?
Who's starting us off in the next segment here?
Well apparently there's news that Sony was basically saying, a spokesman from Sony, Dave,
his name sounds like Cracker, Craker, I guess.
He was quoted, they were talking about the whole, you know, format wars and stuff and
talking about, you know, PlayStation 3 versus 360 and stuff.
And then one of the things that they were talking about also was the Nintendo Wii and
saying that it wasn't even in the same category as PlayStation 3.
In fact, the Wii could be considered as an impulse buy more than anything else, which
everyone was like, oh my God, you know, that's so crazy that he would say that, but I don't
really think that's a, you know, okay, it is an impulse buy.
It's cheaper than, you know.
They're talking shit about the competition, oh noes, everybody does that.
They're calling you, at least people are buying it.
Impulse buy or not, huh?
Exactly.
All right.
All right, so what do you think, Dark Soccer, is the Wii an impulse buy, is this a fair
statement to make?
I mean, I guess I've known some casual gamers who after playing Wii Tennis are like, I've
got to get one of those.
Is the Wii an impulse buy?
Well, tell me what average person just happens to have, you know, 350 bucks lying around.
You know, usually we have things to pay, like bills, or that's a car payment, you know.
Well, somehow the three of us manage it.
Well, yeah, but we also, you know, if we were responsible about it, planned out that purchase,
right?
Right, and I did not budget a PlayStation 3, so I didn't buy them.
We budgeted our PlayStation 3, we budgeted our Wii.
I budgeted the Wii, but I did not budget a PlayStation 3, which is why I don't have one.
I had to have mine three days early, so.
And JV Mon in our chat room comes back with the classic, your mom is an impulse buy.
That was pretty funny.
That's why I said JV Mon.
Last night!
Anyhow, and the Rob D says, that's what happens when it's at a lower price than $599 US dollars.
It's a little easier to be in.
And it has more than 15 games.
Well, I wouldn't go as far as to call it an impulse buy, but it is something that's easier
to budget in.
Okay, but be honest, though, and this is only fair, since, you know, we rip on Sony a lot,
let me give it, you know, be fair here, uh, Nintendo, Wii, what's up with the Wii Connect
24 thing?
Because it obviously is not updating my firmware, it's not downloading new content for me, all
it's doing is sending me messages that I can download some more content.
Fucking, where is this automatic downloading shit?
It's there for the purpose of illuminating your living room in a blue glow.
Nintendo does not like to come out swinging with their stuff, haven't you noticed this
about them?
They don't like to reveal all the secrets of their consoles, like look at what happened
with the DS.
No one knew that thing would have voice thing over the internet or even have internet play
at all.
I mean, it was kind of hinted at, but never was that announced.
But Nintendo, for whatever reason, chooses to roll this out slowly.
Xbox 360, they come out swinging.
They lay their cock out on the table and say, thwack, here you go, it's all right here.
I mean, that's really a fundamental difference between like Microsoft and Sony and Nintendo
is the way they kind of...
Even Sony, their online network, there's nothing on there!
Give me something to buy!
Landings?
Gran Turismo?
Gran Turismo's free, okay, but there's still nothing to buy in there, there's no new demos.
There's PSP download games, that's completely useless, make the PSP download that shit!
Why do I have to have a PlayStation 3 to download this crap?
I mean, the PSP is capable of downloading this stuff too, you know, off the internet,
or if it's going to take too long to do that, download it on your PC!
That should be able to be done.
I mean, you'd probably sell some more of those virtual, you know, those emulated PlayStation
1 games if you did it that way, instead of having this stuff clutter the PlayStation
store, because there's nothing on there right now, and one game a month is bullshit, because
their games aren't that great to begin with.
I don't know, it's just really disappointing, at least fucking Xbox Live gets it, you know,
there's more stuff on there every week, you know, whether it be crap or not, at least
there's fucking demos on there, I can say, you know, oh, new demos, can't say the same
about PlayStation 3, I can certainly not say the same about the Wii, because there's nothing
on there!
Nothing!
And only one game- Old games?
One game supports Wii Connect 24, and that's Elibits, and to be honest, I haven't gotten
shit from Elibits, you know, on the Wii Connect 24.
Would you like me to send you an Elibit picture, for use in Elibits?
I can do this for you, so you'll stop being such a bitch.
No, I don't.
But, the whole thing, it's just, you know, I thought that this would eliminate the fact
of me having to wait to download these updates, or, you know, whatever, it's just, they're
not using this shit.
Going back to a very dirty comment I made earlier, Rama says, Xbox 360's cock puts a
consumer's eye out.
DarkTetsUya says, Rob just likes to say cock.
Who doesn't?
Who doesn't?
Do you like to say other things?
I like to say all dirty words, I like to say all types of dirty words.
Who doesn't?
Well, even though we saw that Sony was being cocky in that last story, get it?
We have Nintendo accepting an award.
The Wii and WarioWare won an International Toy Fair award, that's pretty cool, except
when they said WarioWare won, they spelled it W-E-A-R.
Well anyway, they won this International Toy Fair award, and they chose the Wii because,
quote, encourages playing PC games in groups instead of alone, even though it's not really
a PC game.
Well, that's a whole other story.
Also, quote, the product not only appeals to player types with an affinity to PCs, but
also to new age groups, making it sound like I'm going to, like, you know, take herbs.
They're talking out of their ass.
I think it's just these folks, you know, they don't really deal with gaming every day, so
it's, you know, they're used to giving awards to, like, Tickle Me Elmo, so I think that's
kind of the, what makes this newsworthy is that the Wii has kind of jumped that boundary
as becoming recognition as a toy, in general, and not just a gaming system.
Kind of interesting, I don't know.
I still don't think they get it, but I think this is pretty cool information, though.
Atari Europe is announcing a Godzilla game for the Wii.
And I'm sorry for the Wii, the DS, and the PSP.
It's called Godzilla Unleashed, and it's supposed to be a non-linear game featuring everybody's
favorite big green lizard, which, by the way, Godzilla is female.
Stop saying that she's a he.
So basically, you go around bashing stuff, kicking it, clawing it, stomping it, throwing
poo at it, I don't know, but you go through major cities worldwide and are aiming for
the title of king of all monsters.
She'd be queen, Godzilla's female.
She laid eggs.
Sorry.
Anyway, but it's a game that you basically work the storyline as you progress.
I think that's pretty cool, very dynamic, especially given that you're using the Wii
controller for it.
Well, I'm glad to see rampages coming out over there.
That was another thought I had, but I'm hoping that we get, like, Mothra and, you know, Gamera.
I'm glad to learn that we will have an accurate reenactment of a woman during her time of
the month on a console.
You see these bills?
Yes.
Ow.
It does explain why she constantly, you know, probably doesn't know where she's at because
she does it in bad directions, you know, oh, I fucking thought this was, like, the middle
of the ocean, but shit, it's Japan.
Well, goddammit, I'm pissed now.
I'm going to blow things up with fire.
Actually, no, I think the second Godzilla is male.
I would be shocked if Jamie comes back next week.
Of course, someone's got to keep us in line, yes, Jamie?
Am I getting the finger?
Oh.
No, Matt was getting the finger.
Usually when it's silent, I'm getting the finger.
Wouldn't moths like to fly up in the space and fly into the sun because moths are, you
know, attracted to fire?
Moths are stupid.
That's a dumb, why the hell would they create a moth, you know, monster anyways?
That's the dumbest thing ever.
But, but, but, but, but Gamera was cool.
Gamera is really neat.
Flying turtle.
The last time I played a Godzilla game was the old ass NES game that they had with you.
Super NES game was fucking awesome.
And I played...
Or was it NES?
I don't remember.
It was a King of Monsters game, which wasn't really Godzilla, but pretty much.
On NEOGEO.
NEOGEO.
Anyway.
Alright, forget it.
So, what's kind of interesting though, and this is, I guess, you know, your random Nintendo
game sighting.
They have an easter egg in their DS dictionary thing, because we don't get any actual non-games
over here.
Apparently, if you look up the word for ball, you can actually find, it says one of two
translations in the dictionary.
One of them that's grayed out.
If you click on the grayed out one, it brings up the Game & Watch game, Ball.
So you get to play that kind of little easter egg that's thrown in there.
And it was for them.
Oh, hooray.
I love Ball.
I love Mr. Game & Watch.
I don't know.
Well, something else a lot of us love and can't wait to see a new version of this is
Punch Out!
And according to gonintendo.com, Punch Out! might be coming to the Wii pretty soon here.
Now of course, a lot of these rumors come from patents and trademark offices, and that's
where Go Nintendo is getting their idea from.
Nintendo filed a Punch Out! trademark again in April of 2005, and it was recently updated
on January 11th.
Now who knows if they're just kind of holding on to it, just making sure no one else tries
to take the name or whatever they're doing.
But certainly when you look at something like Wii Boxing, you can't help but go, it's just
a matter of time before this comes out on, you know, Punch Out! on the Wii.
It's too bad it won't be Mike Tyson's Punch Out! though.
That would be Mike Tyson's Ear Fest.
Mike Tyson's... never mind, I'm gonna make a really bad joke here, let's move on before
I get myself in trouble.
You know...
I just wanted to say I really love this game, I love the Nintendo Wii.
I'm sure his Wii, uh... never mind.
Also I love fighting off ears and rape!
Now this should make a lot of people very, very happy.
Tyson's favorite luchador, Strong Bad, is on the Wii, kinda.
The uh, our favorite developer, Vid-uh, Vid-electrics, has created Vid-electrics, which is a collection
of some of their games that are remastered for Wii control.
And uh, the quote says, the guys at Vid-electrics have reworked a few of your favorite games
for use on your favorite wave around controller game system.
I think that is great.
You have uh, Strong Bad Zone, Secret Collect, Kid Speedy, um, More to Come, Population Tire,
and More to Come.
You can um, you basically go to your Wii browser to um, the uh, I guess, it's the Vid-electrics
page that of course is, you know, associated with HomestarRunner.com, um, but it's Vid-e-l-e-c-t-r-i-x-dot-com-slash-v-i-i-v.
You know, I predicted a while ago HomestarRunner was gonna jump the shark and sell out to like
Cartoon Network, but I guess I've been wrong.
They uh, still have been uh, just kind of trucking along with their web following there.
But now it's interesting to kind of see them tiptoeing into the console games a little
bit, you know.
I actually think it's pretty great that this started off as, you know, kind of not that
great books for children, and it just turned into this big internet phenomenon.
It just goes to show that good things come to those who wait, right?
We need A Peasant's Tale the game on Wii.
So since we've been doing this show five years now, just about, we should be getting those
rewards anytime soon now, huh?
Right?
Yeah?
That was funny.
We'll just be right here waiting for you.
La la la la la.
Anyways, other things you can do with your Wii, of course, non-Kozer things like modding
it.
In fact, there have been three teams that have been releasing their announcements for
Wii mod chips.
So before not, we're going to have backups and region-free Wiis, which is always good.
Well, the region-free part, at least.
One of these teams, Team Cyclops, they announced their Wii mod chip, which is supposed to be
able to play backups of both Wii and GameCube games, GameCube homebrew, imports of GameCube
games, and as well as DVD-R and support, and you're supposed to be able to have it as stealth
as well.
One other one that's actually supposed to be coming out pretty soon, it's called the
Wii Key, and that one's also going to be able to be updated via DVD, so it's supposed to
be future-proof, much like PlayStation 3, and it's supposed to be able to play backups
of both Wii and GameCube games, different region GameCube games and backups, multi-disc
games, and etc.
So this one's actually supposed to start shipping on February 7th, so maybe we'll find out a
little bit more of this next week.
Interesting.
Are you going to order one?
I don't know how to solder for shit, so probably not.
I thought you used to do that.
If you've seen any of my solder jobs, they're awful.
You know somebody who has a very expensive soldering iron who has experience with doing
these types of things now?
You?
My hubby.
Oh, yeah, from the pinball stuff.
He fixes his own pinball machines and has put together his main cabinet.
Let's get him to mod your Wii, maybe.
All right.
Well, anyhow, one thing that you can do on the Wii, of course, is play old games, which
is funny because most people want to hack them to install emulators on them, but the
Wii has one built in.
But the emulators are not perfect, as folks are finding out this week and downloading
Mario Kart 64 because you cannot save ghost data in Mario Kart 64.
Guess what?
Nintendo says, quote, due to unavoidable technical reasons, unfortunately it is not possible
to save ghost data for Mario 64's time trials in the virtual console version of the game.
They did place messages advising users about this before they download the game when the
Wii Shop channel is first accessed and in the more details tab on the individual game
page.
That's true.
The manual, they're in big red letters, you can't save ghost data.
I honestly think people are making too big a deal out of this.
I didn't have a memory pack when I owned Mario Kart 64, so I never had ghost data anyway.
How many people had a Nintendo 64, let alone the memory pack?
Of course, I know that's just opening up for the chat to start going, me, me, me, me, me,
but honestly, I don't think this is as huge of a loss.
What I suppose where people are getting frustrated is that the Wii has this giant storage built
into it.
Why can't the emulator be smart enough to just save to the Wii thing?
Like virtual memory cards on the PlayStation 3.
But you'd be talking about going in and editing Mario Kart 64's game information to do that
because it would be talking about accessing data a whole other way.
You'd have to rewrite the game or recompile the game.
Perhaps they could patch it with, I don't know, Wii Connect 24 that they're not using?
They're not going to do it.
Nintendo says they're not going to do it.
The PC emulators, though, always saved the information.
The ROMs themselves actually have the emulator built into it when you're downloading it,
so it wouldn't be that hard for them to fix that.
All they have to do is edit the emulator.
But no.
Yeah, why should they?
Because no one really cares about that shit anyways.
Well, Legend of Zaku agrees and says, ghost data?
Who the fuck uses that?
And that's probably followed up by Boco Fett saying, I love ghost mode.
And Rob D seems to agree they could include a patch with the game.
This is all coming from our chatroom chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
Hitstun says, oh, come on, you can't emulate a friggin' controller pack?
I think it just might be in the way that the original system talked to the hardware.
I don't know if it's as easy as folks think it is.
Well, just like they were talking about doing it later on.
If it was that easy, Nintendo would have done it.
Rumble later on.
Maybe through an add-on?
Yeah.
Well, how about multiplayer online?
I think all of us would forgive Nintendo for the stupid ghost thing if we could do some
multiplayer online.
Wouldn't that be pretty awesome?
Oh, that would be fuckin' awesome.
In the real world, however.
And M64 says, Skya, I think you only download the emulator once per system.
Not sure on the specifics of that, possibly.
Who knows?
But you see, the thing, though, is once you purchase a game, you can delete it and redownload
it again.
So if that's the case, they could say, OK, there's an update to this game, please redownload
it.
And boom.
Done.
And you're supposed to do all that automatically.
Right.
ReConnect24 is a service that they sell, but don't actually fuckin' use.
So what's the point?
But that's not a surprise.
They did the same thing on the DS.
Same thing.
Anyhow.
Yeah, I know.
Let's move on.
Let's get some more user feedback.
And one way we invite you guys, the listeners, to come on and be a part of the program, because
it's not just us.
I mean, you know, this is your show, too.
And one way you can participate is by sending us an email to Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Every week, DarkSakura opens up the email bag and dives in and grabs a few of her favorite
letters, and reads them here on air.
It's the Mailbag segment.
Slim Pickens this week, though, right, DarkSakura?
Not a lot of emails?
Well, we got a bunch of big fat ones.
Oh, there you go.
We like long letters.
Well, one of the emails comes from GS191.
However, I'm not reading the part about Jennifer Strange, because honestly, I'm sick of it.
Although we appreciate the feedback, I think we're all trying to move on from that whole
thing.
But thank you for your insight.
Thank you for being on the Internet.
You know, and as you find us, financial assessment and your very own name is, you know, what
we're thinking, and we...
Anyway.
Oh, there's also the disclaimer that...
Just because Loki wasn't on a mic Loki said we just can't continue to drown ourselves
in that information.
Arr!
It smells like meat in here.
Because he's eating a hamburger and he left the cart open.
Which you know what that means.
French fries stealing.
Fries stealing!
O shit.
Okay, an Ebony.
Sorry.
I need an eat em.
Oh no, I need an wiener.
Talk with your mouth full.
Okay.
I don't know what I read in the email.
Okay, now the Frapper map, the bane of my existence.
Can I smell fries in my mouth?
I really don't know what to do.
Give me more fries, give me more fries.
These are good fries.
They're elephant bar, they're pretty good.
That one was too salty though.
I really don't know what to do anymore about the Frapper map.
Ever since the switch from Google Maps to Yahoo Maps,
the performance of the website has gone down a lot.
I really screwed up the editing and refer to the point that you can go to your forums,
you can do that, but it takes out the shout out listings on the Frapper page.
So you're forced to use their forums if you want to see shout outs on the page.
Or if you use your own forums, take it automatically.
It takes the shout outs off the page.
Being the administrator of the Frapper map, I'm at a fork in the road.
There are many times that I was so discontent with the map
that I almost leave the map and start over again.
The one good thing is that there is an embedded HTML option when I customize the map,
so that gives me some hope on getting this to where I like it,
and hopefully everyone else does too.
Currently the map has 141 members,
but I know that there is a much larger community out there.
With more support, it will motivate me further, hopefully.
So as of now, I will keep it up, but if the Frapper screws up again,
I just don't know what to do.
We'll try to support the Frapper map, and I will do my best to maintain it.
Thank you.
Look at our Frapper map. It's pretty nice.
I have it up on the screen here.
If you want to see it, it's frapper.com slash orange lounge radio.
There's really nothing to this besides just the fact it's kind of cool to see where our listeners are.
You notice we have a lot scattered throughout the U.S.,
but what I'm really noticing a lack of is the pins over in the U.K.
Look at that.
There's like three pins over there.
Come on.
I know we've got more listeners than that over there,
and then look, Australia, if I go over to Australia, there's like a pin.
So we want to especially, not that we love our U.S. listeners,
we want to really see some of our international listeners put a pin in the map somewhere,
but I am going to steal what they do at All Games Interactive.
I am going to replace what's over here.
We're going to put a big map up here,
and we're going to put pins in whenever we get calls and the e-mails from different parts of the world.
We'll have one color for calls and one color for e-mails.
So we're going to start our own real-life Frapper.
But in the meantime, the online one will have to do frapper.com slash orange lounge radio.
That was a fan-created thing, so thank you to this e-mailer who created it.
Hugs and kisses.
Well, next e-mail.
Hi, guys.
DDR Dollar Bill here.
Hoping your days are going well for you guys.
Thanks for the updates from Konami Gamer's Day,
which now made my picking of the newest system very difficult.
This is why.
This weekend I was in the Chinatown section here in New York,
and while browsing through the anime picked up three series I haven't seen yet,
I was also checking out the imports and had some thoughts.
In the past, in order to play imported games,
the systems would need to be modified in some fashion.
I can recall back in the cartridge systems where you'd have to buy an adapter to play these games
or actually just break open your Super Nintendo and pull stuff out.
Super Nintendo one was funny.
Or having your CD DVD-based systems modified with a mod chip or swap desk or a paper clip.
Sorry.
I know that the Game Boy DS systems did not need any modification,
which is probably why I enjoyed them the most.
My question is this.
For the systems I did not list that are current are the following true.
Xbox 360 region locked.
No safe mod exists.
Safe as in you will not be banned from Xbox Live.
Wii region locked. No mod exists yet.
PS3 not region locked on PS3 games.
Region locked on PS2 games.
PSP not region locked.
I'm asking this because I'm going to be getting back into purchasing import titles,
not just the Bemani stuff,
but also some of their wrestling games,
which has been more original and fun than the Smackdown vs. Raw,
and other little oddities such as D.O.N. DBZ vs. One Piece vs. Naruto.
I don't care about playing backup copies, honestly,
and I don't want to get one system of each,
as that would be a waste of money.
I wish they would just let everyone pick and choose what to play,
regardless of where it's coming from.
Anywho, I could go on for another hour, but I'll leave it like that.
See you guys in the chat room tonight.
PS, I miss freestyle sometimes.
I do believe the PlayStation 3 regions for the game.
At least Blu-Ray.
One is both Japan and the United States.
When we talk about importing Japanese games, I think that works.
At least I don't know about the movies that might work,
but the games I'm not sure.
Once again, you probably just need to check maybe with import sites
to deal with that kind of stuff, whether that will work or not.
360 I know doesn't.
I'm going to be in San Francisco this weekend,
so if I go by Mikado I can ask them there since they keep up with all that.
I know they were saying that it is and it isn't,
but I know it's not region free,
but I think that we're in the same region as Japan now.
Interesting.
That makes sense because we're both NTSC.
Not that it's going to matter for anything in a high definition format,
but I can sort of see it.
SSJ100 Matt in our chat room says,
You can use the GameCube freeloader on the Wii.
Positive. I've seen it done.
I have a freeloader.
But that's only for GameCube games.
That's not for Wii games.
I'm still going to check it out though.
I want to try it for myself.
But that's pretty cool.
It's really only a matter of time though
before anything that is region locked will be unlocked.
I am one of those people who said,
I'm not modding my PS2 and went out and bought a JPS2.
Ditto. I did it too.
PlayStation 2 Japanese games do not work on a US PlayStation 2.
Or a PlayStation 3.
I know somebody in chat,
I think Black Boy says PS2 Japanese games work on PlayStation 3,
but actually one of the sites had video of trying Kingdom Hearts 2,
the import on PlayStation 3,
and it came up with an error message.
So I'm not sure if that's true.
One thing though that I am curious about though is the freeloader.
If they're going to have...
Well, not the freeloader,
but what was the one for PlayStation hard drive?
HD loader?
HD loader. That was it.
If they're going to be coming up with something like that.
But it's still out there for the PlayStation 2.
If you can find the old style one or even the new style one,
you can download the HD loader that actually fits on your memory card.
And then you just plug in a USB drive.
Or USB hard drive or something like that.
And it works great for imports.
Well, they even have the thing where you can...
I guess it's the same thing.
You download it directly to your hard drive on the system.
I mean, not that we're condoning that eye roll,
but I wonder if they're going to have something like that for PS3
and then that makes the importing...
Or you remember back in the days with the GameCube
how they had the whole GD-ROM rip through the VMU unit.
Remember that?
I wonder if they'd be doing something along those lines too.
Just to clarify, it looks like I understand where I misunderstood.
Black Boy said,
I've played Japanese PlayStation 2 games on the Japanese PlayStation 3.
Well, yeah, that'll work. I thought he meant Japanese PlayStation 2 to US PlayStation 3.
And that's what the video was of.
So, oops.
Okay.
Next email.
And this comes from Neki, our friend.
Hi, Neki.
Heya, O-L-R.
Didn't get around to emailing last week, but I got some stuff today.
This is my second time typing this.
Since the first one screwed up, I hope it doesn't happen again.
Check out attachment one.
Okay, I didn't actually see there was attachments with this one.
It will show the Wii with over 4 million sales,
the 360 with 10 million,
and the PS3 with the tiny 1 million owned.
I would just like to give a big shout out towards my home forum site,
dscommunity.co.uk.
It's nice and fun, so everyone join the forums.
There's your free shout out.
Oh, yeah, and by the way, we are doing a DS tournament on Wednesday
starting from, it looks like July 2nd this year
at about 7 to 12 p.m. GMT.
Everyone is welcome, but it would be a good idea to join the forums first
plus we got chat.
Anyway, there's your free plug.
Free plug.
Did they plug us on their forums?
That's what I want to know.
Plug us on your forums now because we're awesome.
Yes, fries. Rock.
And so a question for me is where it got the music.
Dude, fries.
I'm not like hungry.
I haven't eaten since there's pancakes today.
Gave me an email.
Okay, sorry.
Sorry, necky.
A question for me was where did they get the music for the show.
I really went about the FUs of the Week,
your website of the week and the show's ending music.
The FUs of the Week music is actually from the Final Fantasy VII
Advent Children movie.
It's the one wing angel.
The big final battle in that movie, yep.
The website of the week music, isn't that Journey to Wonderland?
No, that's the mailbag music.
It's Journey to Wonderland.
Website of the Week is from DDR Ohastas.
That's right.
It's candy.
You can actually dance to that in the Japanese version of DDR.
I've done it.
It's awesome.
The first is the Ohastasian kids version.
It's kind of cute.
What was the Ohaska?
It's got a lot of cute songs in it.
It's fun.
And our ending show music, Rob knows that one because it's from Beatmania.
It's Akira Yamaoka, iFuturist.
Also in DDR Supernova, I believe.
Yep.
The godly and studly Akira Yamaoka who produces Silent Hill now as well.
I was actually watching the making of Silent Hill 3 and he was in it and he sounded really hoarse.
He's such a rock star.
I met him once like three years ago.
He was awesome.
I like his business cards.
Anyway, can't think of anything else.
Thanks for the podcast.
Really enjoy it.
Keep it up, Nike.
P.S. I found a Dr. Who thing you might get very excited about.
Haven't read it all as it's long.
Dr. Who the game?
Huh.
Why don't we talk about something like that?
Oh my god.
Huh.
It looks like they're going to be doing a Dr. Who game.
That's not a big surprise.
That makes me a happy fangirl.
Alright.
Oh, they're showing some of the old games though like the PC Dalek games anyway.
Anyway, that's for me later.
Anything else?
Yes.
Oh, sorry.
Hi.
This is from Bandit.
Hi guys.
How's it going?
Been listening to the show for a while and decided to send in an email for a change.
I just wanted to stop and voice an opinion that I've had for a while about moving to
the next gen.
Sure, when you look at the shiny new hardware that's out there from the big three, you may
want to go out and buy the newest and greatest, but at this point, I've seen no reason to
do so yet.
After all of these years of playing games, mostly competitive type games, I've become
more of a casual gamer than anything.
I find myself spending more time reading gaming news through various online sites than actually
playing them.
It was really hard not to just throw down the cash and buy a new console on any of the
launches, but I had to take a step back and look at what I currently have.
The prime console I own is the PS2.
When I actually took a look back at the games that I've yet to play over the years, I realized
that purchasing a new console would be a bad idea, especially considering the prices of
games now.
I've actually never played God of War, Devil May Cry 1 or 3, and many other critically
reviewed, I'm sorry, acclaimed titles like these.
There's not enough time in the day to play everything.
I haven't played some of those.
I really missed a lot of great titles on the PS2 by only playing certain games such as
Madden and Tekken 5.
Certainly with the case of Tekken 5, I would spend hours learning a character's move list
and practicing before visiting a group of the best local players here in Pittsburgh
who go by the name of Steel City Tekken.
Believe me, the practice had to be done to stand a chance against them.
Now, getting back to the point I'm trying to make, if you're the type of person who
missed out on a lot of games from the PS2 era, take a look at how many great AAA titles
you can buy on that console for the price of one next-gen game.
After looking through EB Games 1999 and Undersection on their site, I saw that you could get up
to seven PS2 games for the price of one $60 next-gen title.
So if you haven't yet made the commitment to any new next-gen console, I would go as
to say that the PS2 has one of the two greatest library of games ever on any console.
The original NES will always be first, in my opinion.
Also remember that the PS2 is not dead yet.
We still have Luminesce Live, God of War 2, and Final Cut of Kingdoms Hearts 2 to play soon.
Since I decided to stick with the PS2 a little longer, I went out and picked up a few games
that I missed.
I grabbed Syphon Filter Omega Stream, Devil May Cry Collector's Box Set, and Area 51,
not the original that was in the arcades and on the PS1 Saturn, for less than $60.
A five-to-one game ratio really sounds good to me right now.
I could write much more to prove my point, but I'm sure everyone can see where I'm coming
from.
Anyway, have a great show, and long live the PS2.
Could I say, though, that two of those games he says that we have to look forward to, we've
kind of already played, like Luminesce Live and Kingdom Hearts 2.
I mean, granted, you have some new stuff with those, but essentially we've seen those before.
I stopped playing Kingdom Hearts 2 as soon as they announced the Final Cut, because I'm
going to start over on that one.
All right, whatever.
Seriously.
I understand.
I understand.
I need to go back and finish Kingdom Hearts 1.
I never finish games.
I can't.
There's not enough time in the day.
I have to really love a game to finish it, and then my problem is I get sucked into MMOs.
Well, here's the last email, and I'm not going to read all of it, because there's a bunch
of reviews about the same sequel of the games and everything.
Hey, OLR.
This is the information about the Shadow Hearts RPG series that I promised a couple of weeks
ago.
I apologize for taking so long.
I definitely recommend that you give the series a try.
The first Shadow Hearts game, however, is hard to find, so you might have to find it
on eBay.
I'm interested on your opinions about the series.
Have a great night.
Shadow next gen.
And we have various links to them, so I'm going to check them out a little bit later.
Shadow Hearts, the series?
Yeah.
I know the last one that came out of New World looked pretty good.
Just didn't play it, because I don't have time to play every obscure RPG out there.
But yeah, it looked pretty cool.
Kind of a unique concept, kind of set in the 1940s, I believe.
You play a detective son who ends up finding these portals to another dimension almost,
and the stuff starts coming through, and basically has to fight it with a bunch of your usual,
typical RPG plot, a bunch of people that have no reason to be together, kind of come together,
and fight monsters and stuff.
It looks like a lot of folks in chat room agree with my gamer ADD perspective.
Brad from Pod Culture says, Sky, you're not the only one who does that.
Paradox Vincent says, OMG, thank you, Sky, thank you, thank you, I'm not alone.
That's why I play music games.
And I think, to go back to what I had said in part A about somebody had said all I ever
seem to play are Xbox Live Arcade games, I think that might go help to explain it right
there, is that Xbox Live Arcade games, again, they're quick and not a lot of time, and really
satisfy my gamer ADD.
And yet, why I keep going back to World of Warcraft, I'll never understand.
I think it's the social aspect of that.
Who knows?
Well, my whole thing is, that's sort of why I was stuck on Cooking Mama for that long.
But, you know, I was thinking about it, and I own a lot of games that I haven't given
the attention that I'd like to give.
So, like, I'm going back, I've started over on Papalo Cross, just because, you know how
I was up in arms about how much I wanted to play that game, you know, for years.
So, I actually started over on Papalo Cross, so I can get to where I got before and actually
play through it this time.
You know, the reality is, you work, go to school, I work, do my hobbies on the side,
so does, you know, Loki, and all you folks who listen.
You're probably working right now, or school, or whatever it is you do.
There is not always enough time during the day.
And, you know, part of this show is that we don't claim to be the experts on every single
game out there.
And, certainly, there's those games we feel passionate about, but we're just like you
guys.
We're not getting paid to play games eight hours a day.
If somebody wanted to do that, great.
I mean, because, essentially, that's what you do when you visit those big websites,
like, you know, I'm not going to name them, but the ones that are, you know, sponsored
by magazine companies and things, you know.
Keep in mind, like, just my next week, I'm going to school four nights next week, doing
a CPR class, working on a website, working on art commissions, and working full-time.
So, I mean, that's a standard week.
You know, I, we don't get to have free time all the time to do all the stuff that we,
you know, would like to do, you know, to play all the, all the games.
And, you know, that's why- But when I do have free time, it's all about
the games.
Well, what I was trying to say is that that's why, you know, when we do the show, we actually
come and tell each other so that we can each give each other the impression of what we're,
you know, we're looking at.
You know, what's quick and easy to play, what's going to be a little time consuming, what
project's going on, that type of thing.
And no more e-mail, by the way.
Makes sense.
Except I got some spam, which I deleted.
I can say this.
I got an e-mail, and I neglected to mention this during housekeeping, but I'll mention
it next week so it's at the top of the show, because I know not everyone listens to the
whole thing.
But I do want to confirm that Orange Laundry is going to be back at Fauna Mae Con this
year, which is being held from May 25th to May 28th at the San Jose Convention Center.
At the San Jose Convention Center in California.
So.
Right?
I'll be there for the weekend.
Gotcha.
Okay.
The whole, I just found this out, too.
Right.
Dan's younger brother, his step-brother, is getting married the weekend before that.
I see.
So, I will definitely be there Saturday and Sunday.
Yeah, yeah.
Or Friday afternoon if I can at all manage it.
Even though we might not be there from open to close, we'll be there definitely doing
a live panel and taping a show live, like we did last year.
And I will be cosplaying as Annette Renard now.
I have no idea what I'm going to cosplay as, because I don't usually do cosplay, but we'll
see.
But regardless, cosplay aside, we'd love to see you guys turn out for the show.
As I understand, one of our listeners, Rama, is coming out from the East Coast for this
convention and has rented a fat hotel room, so it's going to be like a mini-OLR con of
sorts.
Fauna Mae Con is the sideshow.
I definitely need to remake my Temari costume, because the last one that was made, it was
too big.
So, we'll have more details on our involvement with Fauna Mae as the event approaches, but
that's really exciting, because we definitely are looking forward to bringing more video
game type content to Fauna Mae, because I don't know a lot about anime, so I can only
talk about video games.
Maybe Jamie can do the anime thing.
I can.
I'm actually thinking about starting to watch Bleach.
I watch Bleach when I pour it in the washer.
Alright.
Anyways, so, not having anything to do with Bleach or anime or anything like that, apparently,
well, unless you lived under a rock or something, you probably didn't realize, well, Vista just
came out.
All 50 billion- OMG, it did?
Yeah, really.
I'm just rushing right out to go buy it, like I did with XP.
But, if you happen to be gaming on a PC that has the parental control set on it, it might
actually break some of your casual games, like games that use Wild Tangent.
And according to your gamer, DirectX creator Alex St. John says, basically, that they tried
making sure that it wouldn't break all the different games out there, they thought they
covered everything, but unfortunately, Wild Tangent is denoted as spyware by the anti-spyware
applications in Vista, and says, normally the software is generally harmless, but it
does get installed without express- Isn't Wild Tangent the games that come with
AOL Instant Messenger, because those games are spyware.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, I think so.
Wild Tangent is spyware.
So, whatever.
I mean, it's not a huge deal, but just thought you might want to know, because there are
some people that like casual games like Christopher and-
Black Boy says, wow, Loki's News is old, they patched this already.
Yes, it is old.
And you know, it's just like, I don't care.
But nevertheless, you know, isn't it funny that they rolled out an operating system and
it broke half the games on it?
I mean, why should I upgrade to Windows Vista, anybody?
Would anybody like to tell me why I need to drop the money right now to upgrade to Windows
Vista?
I'm not going to.
You should upgrade your computer, too.
Because I don't- What?
You gotta upgrade your computer, too.
I don't understand why I need to upgrade right now.
I'm not.
I don't want to- This is all the more reason for me to just buy my iMac.
Screw Windows.
I mean, between the PC I have now and the Mac, I'm doing just fine.
I don't need Windows Vista.
What?
You look like you want to say something smart-ass so bad.
It's hurting you.
That's fine.
That's fine.
You guys are fine with your Macs.
That's great.
I'm sure games will come to it eventually.
I don't play PC games and the only PC game I play is World of Warcraft.
And I have Guild Wars on my laptop so I don't have to worry about it.
Jeremy Todd 1 says there's no reason to upgrade right now.
Simple as that.
Just upgrade in a couple years and there's actually a reason to upgrade.
DDR Dollar Bill says Vista has had a lot of returns.
So we'll see.
Maybe later.
I don't know how well it's running.
I'm hearing it's got performance issues.
But nevertheless, this is certainly something you're not seeing returned as often.
It's World of Warcraft The Burning Crusade.
You think people are World of Warcraft addicts here.
You should check out China because the Nine released World of Warcraft locally for China.
They got 3.5 million subscribers in China.
So it's pretty big over there as well.
Well guess what?
Burning Crusade is also going to be coming to China, which I suppose isn't the most shocking
news in the world.
But maybe you didn't realize it wasn't already out over there.
They're going to have to wait a little bit for this game.
So Chinese localization is already underway for the Burning Crusade and the Nine is working
closely with Blizzard to offer all the same support that Blizzard offers to the US customers
and also the distribution and all that stuff.
A quick quote here from Blizzard, quote, we're fully committed to ensuring that the ongoing
operation of World of Warcraft in mainland China will provide an excellent experience
for players there for many years to come.
We look forward to extending that commitment with this expansion as well as with future
Blizzard releases.
So it sounds like if we get it here, you're going to get it in China from the Nine, even
if it is a little bit later on.
You have to just wait for all the localization and stuff.
Like well, we have to do that for Japanese games.
So it's only fair that that side of the world has to wait for us once in a while.
Oh, and then they get the joy of patching.
Yes, then you get to patch World of Warcraft seven times before you can play it.
It's so much fun.
And then it won't patch and then you have to download it and do it yourself.
Cool.
Anyway.
Actually, can I suggest this real quick?
XFire has a patching system built in that's actually pretty good.
I have to say you wouldn't think I would usually endorse a program like XFire, but actually
it's really cool.
I really like XFire.
I think that's a great little application, anyway, for a PC gamer.
Anyway, sorry.
We'll take your word for it, Rob.
Yeah, please do.
Okay.
Speaking of MMOs, there is an MMO coming to the UK.
It's called Two Worlds.
It's being released on PC and Xbox 360.
The good thing about it, it's a free roaming RPG that's the orc versus human deal.
But the cool thing is that it has unique quests, a one-on-one arena battle, horse races, and
customizable characters with no level capping.
So that's pretty cool.
I can truly be a god character in that game.
I hear it's very similar to Oblivion.
Yeah.
Very similar to Oblivion.
Jeremy Tell One wants to point out and clarify from what he's read about the game.
The 360 version only has eight player multiplayer.
Only the PC version is an MMO.
Eight players is still not bad.
That's still fun.
That's still an OL army.
And eight players.
That'll be fun.
Now, here's what I want to know, because I haven't really read up on much.
I wonder if Crackdown is more than two players co-op, because that'd be awesome if you have
like four people.
Hmm.
I don't know.
I guess we'll see more when the game comes out, because if it's coming on 360, we'll
probably get a demo.
So who knows?
Yeah.
Anyways, so just like tons of stuff coming out now on the 360, including some brand new
Xbox Live Arcade games.
And they announced ten new games that are going to be coming out.
Some of these we've heard of before.
Some we have not.
For example, 3D Ultra Mini Golf Adventures.
A little bit different than 3D Ultra Mini Golf.
It was one of the Sierra Online games, which I loved, by the way.
So that's going to become an Alien Hominid HD, which is kind of an HD upgrade to the
original Alien Hominid game.
Band of Bugs, which is supposed to be by Ninjabi.
It's kind of a, I guess, a strategy game.
It's kind of neat.
Castlevania Symphony of Night.
No big surprise there.
Catan.
Settlers Catan.
Remember that was one that was remembered to be coming at some point.
Eats.
Chowdown.
Kind of a different game, I guess, as a port of a PC title by the same name.
Luxor 2, which should make Nelly happy.
Another kind of Zuma clone type of thing.
Paper Boy.
Root Beer Tapper.
Paper Boy and Root Beer Tapper are awesome.
I know you guys bitch about the classic coin-op ports, but these are some true classics that
are underrated, I think.
And then my favorite of the list here, Worms HD is going to be coming out, and that's awesome.
We used to have epic Worms multiplayer going on in my house.
Worms is awesome.
You know what's interesting though, and we neglected to say this in our coverage of Konami
Gamer's Day, but did you notice they had nothing on Xbox Live Arcade?
I was very surprised we didn't see Castlevania Symphony of Night on Live Arcade, because
they had it at CES.
I would have thought that's what they would have used their 360s for instead of showing
Wii 11.
That's kind of what I thought we were going to see too, but I guess not.
That's alright.
Alright, well, speaking of Xbox Live, Crackdown has shattered records on Xbox Live.
You know it had a demo released, and it shattered the demos, or shattered records away from
Lost Planet and Fight Night, the most downloaded demo for a 24-hour period, and the most downloaded
demo during a seven-day period, and that's without Halo 3, you know, beta stuff.
I don't know if people are maybe downloading this to see if it's worth it, if they want
to do the Halo 3.
It's fun.
I've played the demo.
I can play the demo all week.
I couldn't get into it.
I'll have to do co-op with somebody who can kind of show me what the hell I'm supposed
to be doing, because I didn't get it, but I'm stupid sometimes.
You can punch people, then throw them in the cars, and then throw cars on top of them,
and then you can, like...
I'll try it again.
What's great, though, is they have achievements for throwing dead bodies into the air, then
bouncing them off, or bouncing rockets off of them.
I'll just have to come over and watch you play at some point, and see if it's worth
it for me.
It's so worth it.
I swear I'm going to sign up for a game rental site or something this week, so I stop buying
all this stuff new.
We'll see.
Anyhow, I guess that's all I have to say about Crackdown.
Well, there is different games to be downloaded, especially Castlevania Symphony of the Night
on Xbox Live Arcade.
They were talking about the memory card coming out that was supposed to be 256 megabytes,
but the pre-order on GameStop's website is 512 megabytes for the portable memory.
So in other words, they give it a secret upgrade.
Now it's 512.
Or is it a typo on GameStop's end?
What do you think, Loki?
I haven't heard of anything official about them upgrading that, although I'm assuming
that we'll find something new, or find out something about it pretty soon, if not at
all.
It seems kind of logical that would happen, though, right?
Yeah.
I mean, it makes sense, because 256, I mean, the price point for it was a bit more expensive,
and I don't know why you'd buy a memory unit anyways.
I mean, spend the extra money and just get a hard drive.
That's what I say.
Just get the damn hard drive, unless you really have a need to take that shit with you on
the go.
There's really no point.
Exactly.
So, yeah, no idea if this is official yet.
I'd imagine...
I don't think it's going to be a typo, because I think originally they had 256 on there,
so they probably just got it updated.
Interesting.
I don't know.
I'll keep my eyes out.
Please do.
Eyes and ears.
I'll check them out.
But anywho, so beyond the bigger memory cards, there is going to be another epic game coming
to the Xbox 360, as well as PlayStation 3, Unreal Tournament.
One unique thing about this, and I think we mentioned this back on an earlier show, they're
going to be allowing mods to be used on PlayStation 3 and the 360 version, probably as well as
the PC.
Of course, they're also going to be including user-created mods as well.
So that's actually kind of cool, that they're allowing mods on there, because I know there's
been some pretty good mods available for Unreal and Half-Life 2 and stuff.
It'd be really cool to see some of the stuff downloadable online.
Although no idea when this game's coming out.
I like the idea of user mods coming out online.
I mean, the only time I can think of user-created content outside of an MMO that I've seen on
like Xbox, it would be like DDR Steps on ultraMix 2 through 4, whatever, have those steps you
could download online.
So you don't see a whole lot of user-created content, so that's kind of cool, I think.
Also what's kind of cool, a Flash-based computer game called N, which I used to play religiously.
It's coming to Xbox Live Arcade.
Describe N. I've never played N. What is N all about, Loki?
N kind of has a stick figure, like ninja type of character that you run around collecting
the gems.
Oh God, I've watched you play this game before.
I know what...
Okay, sorry, keep going.
So anyways, it's pretty awesome though.
You just run around and you collect stuff and there's like, as the levels go on it gets
harder and harder and there's like missiles and stuff you have to dodge and you just have
to make it through the time limit and stuff.
I've totally seen you play this game before.
Okay, now I know what it is.
Well, N Plus is coming out on Live Arcade later this year.
Will you be buying that?
Yes.
Alright, very cool.
Of course, who knows how long it's going to get delayed because by this time we were supposed
to see Castle Crashers, but not that we're bitter or anything like the rest of you.
Alright, let's go to the website of the week.
Every week Dark Sakura climbs the internet up and down and back and forth and finds a
website suitable of sharing with the rest of you and we call it Dark Sakura's website
of the week, a website for you to visit besides orangelaungeradio.com.
So Dark Sakura, where should the kids be pointing their web browsers this week besides orangelaungeradio.com?
The website of the week is the Castlevania Dungeon.
You can get there by going to castlevania.classicgaming.gamespy.com.
I will be, of course, reposting the link in the chat room which I have actually already
done once today because I was posting links to images of the original Rondo of Blood.
But if you go into the site, it has write-ups on every one of the games.
The first thing that you see is actually a big screen print of the updated Rondo of Blood.
There's artwork, multimedia, emulation, fan fiction.
It's really cool.
I've actually been going on this site in upwards of eight years now.
It really is the, I'd have to say, most in-depth Castlevania site ever and really I can't say
good enough about it.
It really is up there.
In fact, this site actually, if Dan told me right, inspired his site that he used to have
back in the day which was Neo Strider's Strider's Own, if you wouldn't ever remember that.
Nerds.
I did his graphics form.
This was partly my site too, but Castlevania invention is just fantastic.
Kudos to the folks that run it.
You guys have been just keeping it awesome for years and so cool.
So go there.
Now.
I mean, after the show.
Why am I not surprised the Castlevania site made it for her website of the week?
Well, it was going to be history.com.
Now you just gave away what next week was likely to be.
No, next week isn't history.com.
I am completely shocked.
Completely shocked.
That's what I thought.
Anyways, there was some other weird news that managed to leak out this week.
This website, DVD Empire, they were making big news about exiting the video game business
and apparently gave their top eight reasons why they are leaving the game business.
Now most people are like, who the fuck is DVD Empire?
Well the only way I've heard of them before is because, well a couple of reasons.
One, they're the legit side of adult DVD Empire, which is big on adult movies.
The other thing is we actually sell to them, or we did at one time I guess because now
they're out in the business.
But I just thought it was interesting some of the reasons that they mentioned that they're
leaving the game's business because it actually doesn't make any sense.
And I don't think a lot of sites are covering this.
Well let me just real quickly go down the list.
Number one, video game industry does not care.
The video game industry only cares about the mass emergence like Toys R Us, Walmart, Best
Buy, etc.
They completely ignore the needs and wants of medium or small game retailers and below
is how they do it.
Well that's sort of true.
I mean you're not going to be able to bring in a retail kiosk or anything like that if
you're a small guy.
You have to be doing a lot of business with them.
They can't make money they say, which is funny because I have a lot of customers that do
make money and lots of it, but whatever.
You may not care whether or not we make money but we continue to pay to sell video games.
Is impossible for us to make money selling video games.
Video game manufacturers set the price using what they call MSRP and here's an example
the video gaming industry greed.
They set the retail price at $5 above product costs.
Buy it for $54.99, sell it for $59.99.
That is completely untrue.
Their price, which I happened to after reading this, I looked it up, is way below that price.
In fact, I think they were, at least for us, buying 6% or their discount was our cost plus
6%.
So they were actually paying 6% over what we paid for it.
So they were still making tons of money on this stuff and there's never that type of
margins on stuff at all.
So I don't know what the fuck they're talking about there and they can definitely make money
off of that stuff.
They're also saying no price protection, games dropping price quickly.
These guys used to buy one piece of different things at a time.
So they wouldn't have a large inventory, that wouldn't even apply.
No returns, that's all over the industry.
They say distribution is dumb.
I don't know who their rep was so that might be the case but they say basically that they
get their product three days after street date.
Well unless they are a big chain company, they won't get any product on street date
because you have to be direct with the actual publishers in order to get stuff on street
date.
So they're just stupid.
And better suited for brick and mortar retailers, that might be true but either way they're
just bitching and moaning.
Good riddance.
Travis Donovan from our own Saturday Night Program here at Orange Lounge Radio says,
I tried ordering from them back in 02 and it took three weeks to get my order and then
it was wrong and then another month and a half to get what I ordered.
All their games are now 20% off.
I'm sure you were buying games and not porno, right Travis?
The other thing too they were talking about here, there are some updates at the bottom
of their little bitch page here.
They have three different updates.
One of them says, we knew about the low profit margins when developing our games division.
Why are you bitching?
Why did they put up a bitch page in the first place?
It's so retarded.
It's kind of a professional.
It's so retarded.
And then the other one, people responded to our news with, well your model sucked, you
should have sold these games and accessories.
Let me put it this way, there are retailers and smaller guys that sell a lot more than
you guys do and sure as hell, I don't know if we were their only distributor, but if
we were, they weren't buying anything.
They weren't hardly buying anything.
They are just really whining and get out of the business.
Well one thing I'm sure will be successful no matter how it's delivered to folks would
be a Katamari Damacy online game.
Get this.
A Japanese gaming site called 4Gamer has reported that the Korean publisher WindySoft is bringing
out Katamari Damacy online.
It signed a contract in November of 2006 and Cyberstep has already begun development of
the game, a late 2007 release.
The gameplay of Katamari Damacy online is kind of like the versus battle from PS2 and
PSP and now it's going to be in an online arena.
There will also be community management features.
There's going to be pet and house elements collectibles.
You also supposedly can make your own island and create custom clothing from the items
you get while playing.
Very interesting.
Hopefully, we'll see this on the US side, but if not, I'm sure a lot of people will
figure out how to play it nonetheless because there's always the cult of people who want
to play those games.
We would like to take this opportunity to welcome your phone calls at this time by opening
up our Skype line.
Our phone number is 1-877-GAME-OLR.
That number is toll free in the United States and Canada.
If you'd rather, though, or if you're in another country, you should call us on Skype.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
You can get more detail by going to our website, www.orangeloungeradio.com and clicking on
interact with us.
So while we wait for some phone calls, do you have any last minute news, some real quick
last minute news, anyone?
Yes, real quick.
A couple of things, there's some stuff being developed for the PSP, homebrew stuff.
One of these is the Legend Zelda Quest for Link and actually looks kind of cool, kind
of resembles the Super Nintendo Zelda, so if you want to check that, PSP Updates has
the link for you.
And then there's also one that looks like a cross between Zombies Ate My Neighbors and
Biohazard 2 version 2.0 final has been released and yeah, it looks exactly like Zombies Ate
My Neighbors.
All right, let's go to some calls.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
Raven's Dolphin.
Oh yes, you again, how are you doing Raven's Dolphin?
I just got something to tell you about all games and you.
Okay, what?
You sounded tired.
Well, it was 9.30 when I finally got through.
It was 12.30 when I was over here.
You know what, as well as that there was a lot going on here at the house, so I was kind
of in my bedroom, like lying down, talking on the phone and what else should be said.
Not to, again, I love all games, but their phone system, I don't know if it happens to
you when you call in, but you hear yourself echoing and it totally bugs.
Like I couldn't.
Oh, I agree.
It's not you.
I couldn't hear anything they were saying, so it was tough.
It hasn't always been that way because I've been on the show before and I didn't have
that.
But anyway, is that all you wanted to say?
Yeah, two more things.
Okay, what else?
Sam & Max is great on GameTap, I've been enjoying myself with it.
I freaking updated GameTap this week, meaning to play it, and then I got sucked into something
else.
I played one of their stupid arcade games.
I know.
I don't.
Well, that too, but you know, some of the, because GameTap has like 800 games on it,
so it's like you go there, I'm like, oh, I'm going to finally play Missed Online or Sam
& Max, and then I'm like, holy shit, they put this game on there?
I've totally got to play that game.
So I think it was like Rainbow Islands or some crap.
I know, ADD.
I know.
You're ADD.
Yeah, there it is.
You know?
I do.
I couldn't finish Hitman, and that made me mad.
I wanted to finish it, and it made me mad.
What else is on your mind?
Okay, I have to tell you about the Mario Kart 64 thing.
I have to tell you why.
Why the Save Ghost thing?
It's because the Wii, the emulator for the N64 doesn't realize that it's not an N64 before.
It's running on a Wii, so it's thinking it's on an N64.
That's what an emulator is, but it's thinking that it's an N64, and it's thinking that it
has an N64 pack in it, but it thinks it needs that.
It needs that, but in retrospect, it doesn't have it.
I kind of sort of was implying that when I said that in order to make it work, they would
have to go and recode the game itself, and that's a lot more than just trying to emulate
it correctly.
But you're right.
They would have to recode the game to instead of looking for the memory pack, look for the
Wii's memory, and that's not something that's easily done with a ten-year-old game.
I know that other emulated sites like Project, I'm not going to say the rest, but they got
through that, but the Wii, it's built up emulation.
It's only going to pull what it thinks.
The save states that are on the cartridge will work fine on the Wii.
It's just those cartridge games might not.
I do want to say this, though, I do agree that Nintendo definitely should use that patching
feature to fix some of these things.
Not so much the ghost thing, I could care less about that, but I would just love to
see them give little bonuses, especially the multiplayer.
Especially with the old-ass 8-bit games like Mario Brothers, how much more valuable would
games like that be if we could play those online?
Seriously.
Just one more second.
I thought the emulation was good on the N64, wouldn't you be pissed if you played Mario
and it was off one millisecond?
Yeah.
Alright, that's all I have to say.
I do want to say one other thing, though, about the emulation is that one thing, having
the widescreen HD and everything, I noticed that the Xbox 360 is smart enough to put the
vertical letterbox on my games when I'm playing something that's not widescreen, but the Nintendo
Wii is not, and I really wish it was, and that is not a very hard fix.
And yes, I realize I could dig up the TV remote and switch it that way, but it's so much easier
when the system just does it automatically.
I would love to see Nintendo make that little patch.
You're right, and that's it.
I want you to get another call.
No problem.
Thank you, Ravenstaufen, for your opinion, as always.
He had his agenda tonight, and he has 123 agenda.
Bravo.
Good job.
Welcome your phone calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR, or the Skype line.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, what's up?
It's the Rob D.
Hi, the Rob D. How are you doing?
Not too bad.
Well, actually, I'm a little bit sad, but it has nothing to do with anything other than
the Super Bowl, so I'm from Chicago.
We're not too big on the Super Bowl here, but I understand it was a big thing for folks
around Chicago.
I know one of our lesbians is from the immediate area around there and is a big Chicago fan,
so I'm sure...
I mean, she's in Wisconsin and is a Bears fan, so...
Didn't she have cameras or something?
I don't think so, but I was secretly rooting for the Bears for her sake, so I'm very sorry.
I was rooting for the Bears simply because I was hoping they'd make another music video.
Super Bowl Shuffle?
Yes, exactly.
My favorite life in that is probably Now I'm As Smooth As A Chocolate Swirl.
But you have to admit, and without getting too much further into sports, you have to
admit that opening touchdown was hilarious.
Yeah, definitely.
Comedy gold.
What's on your mind tonight, game-wise?
Well basically, I have to talk about the whole ghost saving thing with a memory pack.
Popular topic tonight, yes.
What's on your mind?
Well, I disagree that it has to do with hacking the game itself or altering the game itself
in any way.
I think that the emulator could be programmed to emulate a control pack itself, an older
memory pack.
I mean...
I suppose...
I don't know.
I guess maybe I'm just thinking...
The reason why my brain goes there is I'm thinking maybe it's just simply the way the
data is written, or you're talking about different types of memory.
I don't know.
My brain...
For some reason, I'm thinking in my mind it has to be the game that's recoded.
I don't know.
I wish Nintendo would be more open, but you know they're not going to tell us the specifics.
Well, I'm just curious, since every PC emulator has figured out a way to get around save data,
it would only take a little bit of ingenuity to get around it on the Wii.
I suppose.
But unfortunately, the Wii is so locked down when it comes to hacking and all that stuff.
It's got to be Nintendo who does it, and I honestly don't think they care enough.
I think they just want to start cranking out more virtual console games for us to buy.
I think they want to get working on Pokemon Snap and whatever else on the 64 they're going
to be bringing us.
Ocarina of Time.
All that crap.
Yeah, it's not a big deal for Ghost Data.
I never used it in the 64 version anyway.
Yeah, I didn't have a memory pack, so it's kind of a moot point to me.
I'm like, oh, well that's too bad I can't save Ghost Data, but then again, I'm barely
playing this as it is because I have such bad gamer ADD.
The other thing I'd like to comment on, though, is since Final Fantasy VI comes out this week
for the Game Boy Advance, I think that's a great thing.
I love Final Fantasy VI.
It's my favorite Final Fantasy game ever.
Terra's theme is quite possibly my favorite piece of music from any game.
The opera is one of the best scenes in video games.
It could be the best scene, but the opera scene is possibly the best scene in video
game history, period.
When I went to the More Friends concert a couple years ago before E3 and they reenacted
that thing, like they had the actual opera singers, just chills.
Even though the rest of the concert had sound glitches galore, that part was phenomenal.
Phenomenal.
But why haven't we seen a remake of Chrono Trigger?
Didn't they touch it on the PlayStation 1 at least?
They did.
Final Fantasy Chronicle.
Yeah.
You know, it's kind of like, why doesn't Nintendo do a new Kid Icarus?
It's kind of like, it squares little franchise that they're just kind of waiting for the
right time on, I suppose, to really wow us with something.
But yeah, that is kind of interesting.
Why haven't we seen a Chrono Trigger type game on the PS?
I wonder if the other part of it isn't Toriyama's stake in it.
Maybe.
Toriyama is a really big name in art in Japan, so it could possibly be his own stake in it.
Yeah, but what other RPG could it give me to care about an anthropomorphic frog?
True.
Maybe they'll add one in Final Fantasy 6.
Battle Toads.
Hey, what happened to Battle Toads vs. Double Dragon?
Battle Toads was too fucking hard.
Everyone gave up on it.
Yeah, it took me forever to get through, but I did actually view that game, but that's
a different story altogether.
That's all I had to say, so I'll leave you to the rest of the show.
No problem.
Thanks so much for your insight, Rob D. We've been enjoying your chat comments tonight.
Thank you.
All right, take care, buddy.
You too.
Later.
All right, let's go to another call right here on the line.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
This is Brad from Pod Culture.
Hey, Brad from Pod Culture.
Hi.
How you doing, buddy?
Howdy.
I'm short, I'm fat, and I'm going bald, but other than that, okay.
Well, real life sucks, but that's okay.
That's why we have the internet.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Not a whole lot.
Just got a wee this week.
Wee!
I see your username comment says this, too.
Wee!
And I apologize.
I got your message about the friend code, but I've been so horrible at adding it.
I have like four people I have to add, so I will add you, I promise.
Rob's not as bad as me.
I've got like ten people waiting.
I have a queue.
That's no big thing.
I'm more interested in playing with the me's more than anything else.
I will send you my doctor.
I will send you the goat say me.
Somebody made me.
It's disgusting.
It's brilliant.
Oh, Lord.
I have Michael Jackson and the doctor.
I think it was SSJ100Matt made it.
It's a goat say me.
It's hilarious.
That's so wrong on so many levels.
But funny.
Anyway, what else is on your mind regarding the wee?
Well, I got the Mario Kart 64, downloaded that today, and not only that, the problem
with the ghost data, I was having problems with plugging in my GameCube controller and
using it.
Oh, because those games are optimized for the Wii Classic controller.
I haven't tried the GameCube controller.
What were the problems you were having?
It's like the A button wouldn't work.
And I know it's not the controller.
I played that, played a NASCAR game on it the other day.
Oh, boy.
Well, do you think it's going to be worth shelling out the money for a Classic controller
to get the optimized experience?
Which I went and did.
Did you really?
Yeah.
And did it play a lot better for you?
Other than the fact that that controller itself sucks.
You don't like the Wii Classic controller?
No.
What is it about it you don't like?
I guess I'm being used to the Xbox controller or PlayStation.
It's just the way that it fits in the hands.
I see.
It is a little  the thing that weirds me out about the controller is all the buttons
on the top of it.
Like there's an L button, an R button, and then like a little Z, and these other little
nubs on it.
And I'm like, there's too many buttons.
Is it me or is the A and B buttons reversed from what they normally would be on the controller?
I think they're right, but sometimes if you play a lot of Japanese games, they're
usually backwards, and so that can kind of mess with you.
It just seems like it's in a weird place.
Yeah.
And then what else was  oh, NintendoManiac64 says a Classic controller is needed for Super
Nintendo games.
I'd agree with that, because the GameCube had that funky layout for the buttons.
I beg to differ.
You don't  you use the GameCube controller on Super Nintendo games?
The Hori pad.
Hori made a GameCube controller that was in the Super Nintendo layout.
Oh, so you're not really using a GameCube controller.
I get it.
Okay.
If you're using a Classic controller, you've still got another way to do it.
Okay.
I didn't even think about a third party GameCube controller.
And the fact that the Hori pads came out in the U.S. at major retailers, so.
Oh, there you go.
Good insight, DarkSucker.
All right.
So what other games have you been playing on your Wii, Bryce?
I downloaded Super Mario Brothers and  what the hell else was the other one I downloaded?
I downloaded two of them.
Isn't it funny how you download all these games?
R-Type.
Are you going to download R-Type for Jamie?
She sends me the Wii points.
You know what?
I'll go get you a Wii card if you promise me the first thing you download is R-Type.
Oh, sure.
You send me a Wii card, I'll download anything you want.
Just wait until after I make my next school payment and I'll do it.
Wow.
Look at this, guys.
Call in tonight.
Jamie's giving away free Wii points.
Only to my fellow Whovian.
All right.
It's like a contest.
There's something nice about Dr. Who and Wii points.
Send those emails to mailbag at orangefundstradio.com.
I will send Wii points to whoever gets me a David Tennant signature.
How's that?
Oh, there you go.
Actually, I could just do that with an envelope, but still.
There you go.
Zappy in our chat says, I love Dr. Who.
Give me.
All right.
Brad, anything else on your mind tonight?
Yeah.
The DOA movie actually doesn't suck.
Really?
See, all I've heard is really negative things about it.
So what  now, I know you reviewed it on your own program, but in a nutshell, what
were your thoughts on it?
It's complete popcorn.
There's not a whole lot of  I mean, it's all substance, but are all 
All style, no substance?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, it's a fun summer movie kind of thing.
It's just fun.
It's not 
So it's like  it's one of those movies where, like, turn your brain off for two hours
and just kind of be a mindless zombie and it's not so bad?
Oh, yeah.
All right.
That's cool.
Why do you think it bypassed theaters?
I really don't know because I've paid 10 bucks to see movies that are 10 times worse
than that.
That's true.
I did pay to see Lady in the Water.
Did you have the life  or is it  I'm sorry.
Is it true in Dead or Alive movie that they have, like, life bars and the announcer in
it?
Yeah.
Was that  that sounds cheesy.
Was it cheesy?
It's very cheesy in some places, yeah.
Oh, well, I suppose you don't go see a Dead or Alive movie expecting Oscar-caliber Judi
Dench acting-in-it type content, although it would be kind of funny if Judi Dench was
in Dead or Alive, don't you think?
I don't 
What?
Forget it.
No.
Not funny.
All right.
Well, yeah, I hope they go to your program and check out the full review of Dead or Alive.
All right.
All right.
Well, Brad, thanks so much for calling in tonight.
We've got to go to another call, but take care, buddy, okay?
Later on, man.
Peace.
All right.
A little mini movie review here on Orange Launch Radio.
Let's go to one more call.
Hi.
You're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey.
Shadownextgen in chat.
Hi.
Shadownextgen in chat.
What's on your mind, buddy?
I apologize if you guys talked about this earlier as I was late to the show because
of the Super Bowl.
All right.
A lot of people have that excuse tonight, but try me.
What's up?
Do you guys have any idea about what Konami's, quote-unquote, earth-shattering news tomorrow
is going to be?
You know what?
We didn't bring this up, but I had read somewhere that they have earth-shattering
news coming on Monday.
It's on their own website.
Yeah.
They're advertising tomorrow.
Earth-shattering news.
And I saw that get picked up on Kotaku or Destructo or one of those sites.
No, because they didn't tell us what it is on Thursday.
I can guarantee you we talked earlier in the show about we weren't allowed to say some
things for some time, but I can guarantee you everything that we were allowed to say
has been said now.
Here's the earth-shattering news.
Metal Gear Solid 4 is coming soon.
I have a feeling it's probably about one of the games we didn't see, like where was
the Metal Gear Solid 4 info.
You know maybe that's it.
Maybe it's the Metal Gear Solid release date because don't you remember her saying
something like, well, we want to give you the release date, but can we do that?
No.
Didn't she kind of do that kind of thing?
Wasn't that how she was teasing the release date?
Or was she just smoking a bowl?
Doesn't she remind you just a little bit of what's-her-name from Nintendo, the parent
Kaplan or whatever?
I don't know.
But anyway, I would say if it's that earth-shattering, it's the Metal Gear Solid 4 release date,
new trailer, something like that.
Something that missed Konami Gamer's Day for whatever reason.
A lot of people are thinking it's maybe Konami's confirmation of MGS4 on the 360.
I have a feeling if that's going to happen, it's going to be a window where it's
going to be on the PS3 for six months and then it'll come out on the 360.
It might be like Virtua Fighter and just be Blade.
Yeah, that's essentially what I'm getting at is that it might be one of those things.
Because I'll tell you what, Sony needs that so bad right now.
And you can kind of tell that Konami's really backing the PSP more than almost anyone else.
Konami is doing what they can for Sony.
So they still are in the business of making money, but I have a feeling they're going
to give at least a window.
I would not expect that to be tomorrow's news.
But I could be wrong.
That could be it.
But I have a feeling you're going to get tomorrow the release.
Unless it's something stupid, like remember the time when the guy got a lot of crap for
this, but Joystiq had this big announcement at one o'clock about what Nintendo's doing.
Yeah, and it turned out to be just some chip thing.
If it's not something stupid like that, I would imagine it's the Metal Gear Solid
release date.
Oh my God.
Big kudos to the Rob D. Metal Gear Solid 4 will star Sub-Zero instead of Raiden.
I see what you did there.
Funny.
Well, what do you hope it is, Shadow Next Gen?
Personally, like I said, I'd like to see Metal Gear on the 360.
That would probably be for me.
That way, one less reason for me to shell out $600.
It would be bad news for Sony if that is what they announce tomorrow.
Do you think Sony ought to just throw in the towel at that point?
What can Sony do if they're about to lose Metal Gear Solid to the 360?
I really couldn't tell you.
Well, for one thing, they can start listening to their community like Microsoft does.
Good idea.
It seems like they keep telling us what we want instead of listening to what we want.
That is true.
They don't have anything quite like Major Nelson.
You got to give that to Microsoft.
I mean, Microsoft is by no means perfect, but at least they do have their outlet with
their community.
You got to admit, though, Nintendo doesn't really listen to people either, but somehow
they get away with it.
No, they don't, but I think they do a little bit better.
But yeah, they could do better in that area as well.
We seem to forgive Nintendo because they kind of at least deliver a little more than Sony
seems to have been recently, I think is what it comes down to.
Well, I think, personally, I think the reason why Sony has gotten so much f**k over the
past year is just their PR.
If they wouldn't have said half of their stupid comments, they'd probably be in a much better
position right now.
I would agree with you there.
Like the time when people will buy a PS3 even if there are no games for it.
I guess that's true.
Well, we will see what that announcement is, and we'll talk about it next week.
So shout out next year, and I'm hoping you'll call us back next week and let us know about
the news, whatever it is.
Yeah, all right.
Jump through, guys.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
Have a good one.
Yeah, you too.
Later.
That's going to do it for tonight's Skyline.
Thank you so much to all our people calling in, and I apologize if we didn't get to your
call.
We were getting hammered a lot there towards the end, but we just got to keep things moving.
We're running a little late tonight, so we are going to go ahead and start to wrap up
the show.
Any last minute stories, guys?
Yeah.
All right.
Yes, Loki.
A few things.
There's going to be a brand new wipeout.
I know.
This is a surprise.
Brand new wipeout coming to the PS3 and PSP, and it actually looks pretty good.
They have some screenshots up on that, you know, looks very similar to the other wipeout
games.
Apparently, Microsoft is bringing Project Silphied over here for Square Enix, so they're
going to be publishing it stateside.
So that's kind of cool.
I'm very much looking forward to that one.
So we'll see the next-gen shooter on 360 soon.
Rumors are that according to Famitsu, Resident Evil 5 is delayed to 2008.
I definitely believe that.
Let's see.
Another rumor here, and this apparently was actually coming from, I want to say Bungie.
Yeah, actually it was from their last Bungie update.
They were saying that you'll be able to modify the gravity in, I believe, multiplayer games,
so you can reduce the gravity to 50%.
Oh boy.
Jump even further.
Hooray for low gravity games.
You all know that's coming.
Can I give some quick chat room comments to the last phone call here?
NM64 says, Skye, I think Nintendo surprised their fans.
Sony tells fans what they want.
The Rob D says, that's because Nintendo doesn't act like arrogant jerks and piss all over
our memories when they don't listen to us.
Black Boy says, Nintendo totally doesn't listen to the consumers.
Let's see.
Hitstun says, Konami announces Boktai game for PS3, yeah.
You have to drag your PS3 out into the sun.
It might cook itself.
Bandit says, breaking news, Konami's tears can cure cancer, if only it was able to cry.
How random.
How ripped off from the Chuck Norris.
Yeah, I get it.
I get it.
Yeah.
Anyways, there was also another rumored list of titles coming out for the Wii.
This is supposedly from the new Game Pro issue, the March issue.
On the list, we have 100 Bullets, which is supposed to hit in the fall, Alive, which
is being done by Ubisoft.
Remember, that's that one girl game thing that's supposed to make you cry and stuff.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
I remember that.
A new Devil Kings game, which is very similar.
It's Capcom's kind of Danksy Warriors type of game.
A new Digimon game, DK Bongo Blast, I guess, is now coming out for the Wii.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, not a big surprise.
Iron Man the movie game coming out in 2008.
Kirby, a new Kirby game, 2007, I guess fall.
Legend of the Dragon, I know Legend of the Dragon is coming out.
Lost, they're supposed to be doing the game this year on that.
Ratatouille, I know that's coming out, and that's actually not fall listed on here.
Mario Kart for the Wii, Pilot Wings for the Wii, I don't believe that, but I guess we'll
see.
A new Wii shooting game and some new Wii Sports, Wii Motor Sports, they're going to have that
airplane game that was shown in E3.
Wii Music, which is supposed to come in October, TNA Impact, Jawa, which I have no idea what
that is, Space Station Tycoon, Dance Factory, Animal Crossing, Raid Over the River, which
actually looks pretty awesome, that's also coming out of the DS, and Sadness, we'll see.
Jamie's still on the Castlevania kick, and now she's trying to get me into it too.
Sorry, I found a YouTube thing where someone has uploaded apparently the entire run of
the game.
Real quick, because I know this makes for awesome radio, I wanted to show you, Rob,
a game I liked, I know you like Burnout, well this is another game, Flatout, they have the
first screenshots for Flatout Ultimate Carnage on xboxside.com, so I thought you might want
to check this out, because it looks very similar to Burnout, and it looks very good.
Wow, that's very pretty.
It's like Burnout, but you can launch your driver through the windshield.
That is great, I'm going to so play that.
Hooray.
Yeah.
Alright, any other last minute news, Loki, Dark Sakura, anyone?
Rondo of Blood is the best.
Really?
Yes.
I never knew.
I guess that means we're going to go around and get everybody's final thought.
I do want to say this, I usually don't tease what's coming up next week on the program,
but next week, we have a juicy exclusive for you guys.
One of our listeners, and I trust this person, has laid eyes on the script for the Alice
movie, and we are going to be divulging a lot of details on the Alice movie that you're
not supposed to know about right here on the program next week, so stay tuned for that.
That's your teaser for next week.
In the meantime, that means that's it, end of show.
Thank you guys so much for tuning in, supporting independent radio, supporting Orange Launch
Radio.
You guys are awesome.
We love you to bits.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
Loki, your final thought tonight?
My final thought is I'm completely done with Microsoft's retail training.
At least I'm caught up.
By the way, chat room, yes, that is American McGee's Alice that we're talking about.
Dark Sakura, your final thought?
Richter Belmont, I'm sorry, Richter, I actually got a really freaking busy week ahead of me,
so just, I need energy.
My final thought is I want ice cream so bad right now, it hurts.
I have ice cream.
I want Baskin-Robbins or Cold Stone or something.
I'm never eating it in and out again, by the way.
Why?
Did you read the nutritional content?
Yes.
Yeah, that's a good way to stop eating fast food like ever again.
I love their fries, the 400 calories for all those tasty, beautiful potatoes.
I can just make them at home in the oven and then they're like 200.
All right.
You're going to cut up a potato and put it in the oven?
Yeah, I could do that.
That's not bad.
All right.
That's it, folks.
We'll be back next week with another edition of Orange Lounge Radio.
Until then, hugs and kisses from us to you.
Take care.
Have a good week.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast program, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week.
