And we are back here with Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 221 for this February the 25th
of 2007 and we are here with part B of our podcast.
If it's your first time listening to Orange Lounge Radio, you should dip back into our
archives.
Visit www.orangeloungeradio.com.
You can hear the first half of the show where we talked about the virtual console and how
Perrin Kaplan is always the introduction to the opposite sketch and much more.
We even took some calls, which is a rarity for part A.
So now we're going to get into part B, some more news.
Dark Soccer is not here this week, but she'll be joining us for a tape segment in part B
to do the mailbag because we always welcome your emails at mailbag.orangeloungeradio.com.
It is an interactive show.
It's not just about us.
I mean, we're just some schmoes on the internet like you.
We want to always welcome you guys to interact with the program.
We also have our chat room, hi chat room, waiting to interact with us.
Also in part B tonight, Beat the Host.
So Loki's looking forward to getting beat up a little bit.
A little later on in the show.
If they choose me.
If they choose you.
All right.
Anyways, so apparently the rumor that Warhawk was going to be a download title is going
to be true, I guess.
According to 1UP's Sam Kennedy, he apparently just recently was shown by Incognito, the
brand new Warhawk game, and it is going to be a download title.
And a quote from him, what Warhawk is apparently evolved into is a multiplayer only title featuring
ground and air combat that will be downloadable from the PlayStation Network.
That's definitely not the Warhawk experience I'd imagined when I first saw the trailer
two years ago, but that's not to say that I've lost excitement over it either.
But for all I know, it could still be pretty freaking cool.
It's just not what I expected.
It's very interesting to see one of these titles that was supposed to be one of the
flagship titles for Sony is now a kind of a tech demo that they're releasing now as
a multiplayer game on the PlayStation Network.
Is it really this title is that weak that it can't be released retail?
Or is it just that the PlayStation Network doesn't have anything on it, or a combination
of the two?
Blaze doubts the truth behind this.
Blaze in Chatham says 1UP is a tool of Satan, therefore they lie.
Very true, but I would take it if they're going and actually visiting the studio that
maybe this is the case.
But then again, they haven't officially announced it yet, so I guess we can still call it rumor.
Would you buy this?
Nope.
Downloadable?
At all.
You know what though?
I go, how much is it possibly going to be downloadable?
It would have been 25 bucks, and then it would have been 60 bucks as a retail title.
I'll have to see what the price is going to be on this, because I know one of the things
that they're pushing is full downloadable games.
So if they're just going to test the waters with Warhawk, it better be good.
I'll wait and hear the reviews on it, and that will determine whether I purchase it
or not.
Because it's just like Qbert.
Qbert's a downloadable title, and just because it's downloadable doesn't mean I'm going to
buy it.
It's crap, so I'll wait.
Misty in our chat room says, aren't most game sites tools of Satan?
Yeah, that's true.
And actually, that gives me a chance to work in a plug for AllGames.com, where our show
is rebroadcast every week, Monday nights at 5.30, unless they run long, which they usually
do, and Pacific time, and Tuesday mornings at 9 a.m.
AllGames.com actually endorsed by Satan himself, actually.
So check it out.
Hot.
Hot, yeah, that's hot.
Really.
Literally.
Whoa, yeah.
All right.
Do you care about Warhawk at All Rights Princess?
I don't even know what the hell that is.
They had it on PlayStation 1.
It's like a biplane, like old shooting type game.
I mean, you're into bi.
It was done by the same people that did Twisted Metal, and it was one of those kind of air
combat games.
But it was one of the big things that they were showing off the six axis controller at
E3, and I remember laughing my ass off when I saw the guy demoing it, and he barely landed
this thing on the little landing pad, because the thing was like practically falling off
of the landing pad, because he just sucked balls at actually using this.
So that was kind of funny.
I would have loved to see him like land it and the whole thing tip over and fall into
the water, but alas, we can't always get what we want.
All right.
Well, some other PlayStation 3 news for you guys.
If you guys have been kind of QQing over the fact that there's not a lot of, and I don't
mean lining up, a lot of PlayStation 3 exclusives coming out, what's interesting is that they
are going to be getting some exclusives for Spider-Man 3, which I believe is a Sony picture
movie.
Of course.
I'm not mistaken.
What's interesting about it is that Activision will be putting out a PlayStation 3 exclusive
version of Spider-Man 3, but it's just the collector's edition that's exclusive.
The game itself will still be out on other platforms, but with the collector's edition
exclusive to the PlayStation 3, you get some webisodes for the Spider-Man 3 movie, an exclusive
interview with the producer, behind the scenes talk with the dreamy Tobey Maguire and Topher
Grace and James Franco, but oddly enough, Kirsten Dunst is not listed here, so she must
have been a bitch and not done it, especially Spider-Man 3 trailers as well.
As well as you get to play as the second Green Goblin in the game, there's going to be submissions.
Thank you for ruining the next part of the story.
Well, I thought you were done.
No, I was not done.
You paused.
You were a long pauser.
But I will say this, it also interfaces with the 6-axis controller.
What, you don't care about Spider-Man 3, Eddie?
No, but does the PlayStation 3 version exclusively suck?
I don't know.
It's a little early to judge.
It's going to be Spider-Man 3.
Most of the Spider-Man games actually have done pretty well.
Yeah, they're pretty good.
Except for me, the last one, the Ultimate Spider-Man is kind of lame, but there's no
movie coming out at the time.
Alpha Canagram says, duh, the Spider-Man font is on the PlayStation 3.
Well, that's just because they're just unoriginal, so they're going to use that.
We can't think of a font for the PlayStation 3.
Ah, fuck it, let's just steal it.
It's our property anyways.
So fuck them.
Anyways, speaking of fucking over things, PlayStation 3 is going to be $1,000 in Australia.
That's Australian dollars, of course.
But that still equals up to $788 U.S. or 599 Euros.
So yeah, that kind of sucks.
Holy crap, mate.
And apparently they say that it's the same price as the European PS3.
It's just because the current exchange rate and the small population size of Australia,
they're just going to get fucked over.
Put another PlayStation 3 on the barbie.
You hear those clicks?
Those are all of our Australian listeners unsubscribing right there.
You know what, though?
The thing is, it may be more expensive, but you know what?
They're going to be including Casino Royale with it, so I'm sure that will make up for
the extra hundreds of dollars that you're going to have to pay for it.
The other thing also, which is kind of good, there was a rumor going around that there
was only going to be 11,000 units in Australia, which at that price point, I wouldn't be surprised.
But apparently it is going to be more than that, so if you are waiting to get your hands
on a PlayStation 3, just do what most of us are doing, just wait.
Leave it to the chat room to be making the Australia comments.
Mel B says, PS3, Australian for ripped off.
Like the commercials for the beer, get it?
And then Rama says, crikes, Australia's taking one up the arse.
You have the worst Australian accent, period.
My Australia sounds like a Scottish guy and my British sounds like an Australian guy.
It all just kind of sounds the same.
It's like your t-shirt dude slash straight guy, whatever.
You just don't try very hard, do you, Rama?
Look, I'm not on this show because I'm funny, okay?
We know that.
I don't know why I'm on this program.
Yeah, we don't know either.
I really don't know.
Oh, I'm on this program to give release dates to you every week from Japan, where there's
being made fun of of the Australians.
Heck, why don't we just travel on over to Japan?
Let's make fun of them, too, and their release dates for the upcoming week.
Coming out, let's see, on March 1st for the PlayStation 3, Gundam Musou, God, is this
the Gundam game we got here?
No, Gundam Musou is even better.
Gundam Musou is...
That's Mobile Suit Gundam, isn't it?
It's Mobile Suit Gundam mixed with Dynasty Warriors.
And there's a moose in it, too.
Dynasty Gundam, where you're fighting hundreds and hundreds of AI retarded...
That's a pass.
Thank you.
Robots.
Let's see, what's coming out over on the Nintendo Wii?
We have Densha de Go!
Shinkansen EX.
That's why you're on the show, Rob, to pronounce Japanese wrong.
Thank you very much.
It's great.
This is a game where it looks like you simulate a train.
It's a train sim.
Yay.
That should be fun.
It's like a train on the Nintendo Wii.
That'll be fun.
Coming out on the PlayStation 2.
You ready?
Sure.
Interlude.
But that's moving into the best version, so that doesn't really count.
Aku Daikan 3 is coming out.
Sumimasen.
I like this, because this is the best cover I think I've ever seen.
Is that you have these real people, and there's this guy on the cover that's making this face
like, huh?
What do you want?
He's like, I farted.
You looking at me, bitch?
I don't know what the hell type of game this is.
It's a strategy game.
I'm going to post the link there and chat room for those that want to see the cover
of that game.
That's one of my favorite covers I've seen in a long time.
Let's see.
What else do we have coming out over in Japan?
On the Nintendo DS, a handful of games coming out, Super Robot Taisen W is coming out.
Let's see.
Oh, Disney Meteos is almost out.
That's March.
Disney Meteos?
Oh, that's the US.
Like Meteos?
Never mind.
That's March 5th in the US.
Sorry.
I'm not going to release any other release dates.
That's all I got.
Not a big week for releases in Japan.
Darn.
I'm also doing Euro release dates tonight, though, because Dark Soccer is not here, so
let me quickly get them out getting out some release dates.
Let's see.
The Elder Scrolls on the PSP is slated for March 1st.
Also slated for March 1st, Legend of Zelda, The Phantom Hourglass.
That doesn't sound right.
I thought that game got hella delayed.
You got hella delayed.
That's interesting.
What the hell?
These don't even sound like legitimate release dates.
They're talking about Resident Evil 5 on the Xbox 360?
What?
No.
No.
I think there's just some placeholders on this calendar here.
Wrong.
I would believe this, though.
Yu-Gi-Oh!
GX coming out on the 2nd for the PSP.
That certainly seems legit.
Still no one cares.
Sonic and the Secret Rings for the Wii also on the 2nd.
There you have it.
Uh-huh.
Awesome.
Wait.
Speaking of Resident Evil, is that on your agenda tonight?
I don't think so.
The Resident Evil 3 trailer came out for the movie?
No, it definitely was not on the agenda tonight.
Oh.
Well, the trailer's out.
And?
So go watch it.
It's called Resident Evil Extinction.
It actually doesn't show a lot.
It just kind of...
You know how on one of the first two movies, they show the fake umbrella commercial where
it's the face stuff or whatever, and if you've seen the cosmetic thing, whatever, it was
kind of like that.
They're like, we just don't even want to try anymore.
Yeah, kind of.
But I'm still going to see it because I like Resident Evil.
Rob D.'s making fun of me in chat saying, March 2007, Duke Nukem Forever coming to the
Wii.
Screw you.
ActDeaf says, Resident Evil 3 was filmed in my city.
So you live in Raccoon City?
Are there a lot of raccoons?
Okay, yeah, so that's it.
That's all I wanted to say.
Let's get some definite for sure release dates, Loki.
Wait.
Well, nothing's ever definite for sure.
I shouldn't try and fill in for Jamie.
I just shouldn't.
Let's see, some exclusive stuff real quick, and this isn't all that great.
It's already been announced, Command & Conquer 3 for the 360.
It is coming out now, though, May 9th, so that's kind of cool.
Definitely needs some more real-time strategy stuff.
This one's kind of interesting, but not too exciting.
Backyard Football 08, and this is one of those franchises.
It's the only kid franchise for sports games, and it is coming to the Wii and PlayStation
2, but that's all the way in September 27th.
Definitely a budget Atari title that they keep putting out each year.
Arioma says Backyard Football is the best ever.
Okay, well, there you go.
The best ever.
I'll stick with that.
Anyways, this week, though, we've got some good stuff coming out.
On the 360, we have Bullet Witch, which is going to be pretty awesome, and if you're
definitely looking for some scantily clad witches fighting demons.
Oh, that's perfect.
And I do believe that there is a download where you can get a schoolgirl outfit for
her, so that's awesome.
Also on the 360, Dance Dance Revolution Universe, finally making its way out, and I'm picking
this up.
I can't wait to try it out.
Of course, I'm not going to be able to use a dance pad, but, you know, upstairs apartment
and all.
Samurai Warriors 2 Empires.
Okay, shit, I'm buying it anyway.
Listeners can deal.
If I have to hear them practicing guitar or piano or whatever they have down there, they're
going to hear me playing DDR.
Like it!
Samurai Warriors 2 Empires, coming out on the 360 and Playstation 2.
If you're even remotely interested in this, it's basically the same damn game that came
out in September.
On the Playstation 2 as well, MLB 2K7, that is also coming out on the Xbox, the 360, Playstation
3, and I believe the PSP, so if you need some baseball, you can get there.
Otherwise MLB 07, the show, is also coming out on Playstation 2.
On the Wii, we've got SSX Blur, which, you know, SSX is an awesome snowboarding game,
so definitely check that out.
Playstation 3, you've got Formula 1 Championship Edition, if you're a racing fan, you might
like that.
On the PSP, Chilli Con Carnage, which is, I believe, Total Overdose on the PSP now,
and 300 March to Glory, a PSP game based on the upcoming Frank Miller movie and comic.
Finally, also on the PC, we've got Jade Empire Special Edition, which looks pretty cool.
Also Sims 2 Seasons, you know, expansion pack for Sims 2, and I do believe that is it.
Oh, I think Luminous Plus might be coming, no I think it already came out, I can't remember.
That's moved around so many times.
I think it did, because DMM mentioned it when he called in earlier.
Yeah, but I think Source got it early, so they might have broken street on it.
I'm almost positive I saw it at a game stop like two months ago, but as much as I love
Luminous, I'm not buying it again.
I have it on PSP twice, I have it on 360, I don't need it again.
Really I don't.
It's a good game.
It's good, but it's not, you know, freaking buy it four times good.
And of course, you know, on Virtual Console, though, you've got, what is it, Ocarina of
Time coming out, so if you want to purchase a game virtually, you can go ahead and do
that.
Yeah, because I don't already have the GameCube disc and the version.
How many times have they released that game?
Too many.
Yeah.
All right.
Anyhow, speaking of buying things, one of the places very popular for folks to buy games
at is Circuit City.
Well, what's interesting about this is that Circuit City is testing a new program online
and at select stores.
They are now dabbling in used game sales, so it looks like they want to start competing
with places like GameStop.
Of course, this means, you know, games are usually selling about five dollars cheaper
than they usually do.
The prices, it appears, according to reports, are about the same that you would see at a
GameStop.
But of course, Circuit City wants a piece of that billion dollar market, apparently,
that GameStop EB Games has.
I think a little competition for GameStop would be a healthy thing, so I totally support
this.
Although, I have to admit, I don't usually shop at Circuit City, but maybe that's part
of another reason they want to do this.
Maybe they'd like to get their foot in the door a little more with games, so I welcome
the price competition.
I don't think GameStop could buy Circuit City very easily like they did EB Games and whatever
else they've been buying lately, so I think this will be a good thing.
Yeah, it is a good thing as long as they don't kind of go along the same lines of their ads
and coupon policy, which means that, well, for example, there was a situation that happened
last month.
Circuit City had a flyer that ran an ad which promised to save you up to forty dollars when
you buy your Wii with them.
It says as long as you visited the website, printed the flyer, went to the shop, they
give you the discount.
Later on, though, they said they'd take it all back.
They said the discount actually comes with a statement qualifying purchases excluding
gaming hardware and took the coupon off the site completely.
But apparently people went to the store and wanted the discount and they couldn't get
it.
Then, of course, they complained to the Better Business Bureau and so on and so forth.
The response was apparently the Better Business Bureau received a ton of responses for it.
One of the things they basically got from Circuit City was that they reserve the right
to make changes to advertisements and coupons, et cetera, whenever they want.
Where they can print out, you can have a coupon for forty dollars off of a system or something.
They can go ahead and bait and switch.
Huge comments from Chat Room on these two topics.
Joshi16 says, Circuit City will give up, me thinks.
Shadow Charlie says, Circuit City, they can go fuck themselves.
DDR Dollar Bill says, Circuit City will fall soon.
Blaze says, Competition for GameStop is important because there is little competition out there.
James Patrick says, GameStop killed EB Games.
I hate them for that.
Hitstun says, I'm starting to really miss Funkoland.
That made a lot of people go, Funkoland!
Funkoland was awesome!
The way you say it's funny, like Funkoland.
Hey, it's exactly like it's so funky.
It's got a lot of funk to it.
Funkoland.
All right.
Yeah.
So we have some other stuff coming up in this segment, including Beat the Host.
And of course, we need to find a worthy competitor to play Beat the Host tonight.
So if you want to guess some arcade retro classics here with us, we're going to be asking
a question here very soon.
But we have a couple more stories for you first.
And that is this one, which I think is very interesting.
Apparently, Dig is trying to trademark its name.
You know Dig.com?
D-I-G-G.com.
They're trying to trademark their name.
And let me work in a cheap plug.
If you would, Orange Lounge Radio is on Dig.
And we used to be on the first page, but WC Radio really kicked our butt.
Thanks.
Thanks for that, Speedy.
No, just kidding.
But a lot of shows are kicking our butt there on Dig, including the Corpcast.
So we need help.
So if you would like to Dig our show, head on over to Dig.com, click on Podcast, search
Orange Lounge.
You'll find us.
Give us a Dig.
I'm sure somebody will post a link in chat.
We could also use reviews on iTunes.
And I'll tell you what.
We actually had two people post reviews last week, so the OLR is the festering rash of
internet radio.
Awesome.
Awesome work.
And then UNI made a more serious review.
Awesome work, people.
I'm so proud of the OLR me.
So we definitely need more Digs and more reviews.
Anyhow, so you know Dig, the social networking site.
Well get this, apparently LucasArts is trying to interfere with this trademark.
They have actually put in an injunction or whatever, filed an opposition, shall we say,
because they had a game in 1995 called The Dig.
And because Dig has a gaming page and you have this game called The Dig, LucasArts says
it's too confusing.
But what?
It's not even spelled the same way or anything.
Like that's the stupidest thing I've ever heard in my life.
That is terrible.
It's pretty bad.
Apparently it is spelled the same way.
Is it The Dig?
No.
Because this is D-A-G-G and The Dig is just like a Dig.
No, the game was The Dig.
Well I forgot that The Dig even existed.
Me too.
How could you forget it was such a good game?
I don't know.
That's stupid.
Stupid LucasArts.
It's all George Lucas' fault because he makes crappy fixes to his Star Wars movies.
So speaking of putting the blame on others.
Wait, I have to say this.
Speedy in chat says Dig Dug should sue.
That's true.
If The Dig can sue, why can't Dig Dug?
Why doesn't Dig Dug sue The Dig?
When you dig stories, don't you say Dug It?
Like it says, hey, you dug it.
Hey man, I dug it.
Yay.
You know what?
Namco, get on that.
I think like grave robbers and those guys should sue people too.
That's it.
Sorry.
That was stupid.
No, I'm really sorry.
I interrupted Loki.
I know.
They were at a Seattle, Washington news station and unfortunately, they're retarded but KOMO
TV, they reported on the sexual predators that are on Xbox Live and they're blaming
Xbox Live for apparently people.
Remember this whole story with the kid getting kidnapped and they apparently had some pictures
on live or something like that?
Anyways, they're documenting this 13-year-old boy playing Gears of War which that right
there is a mature rated game.
Parents obviously not paying attention to what this kid is doing.
Thank you by the way, case in point, I think this makes the whole story a piece of shit
right there that they taped a 13-year-old playing Gears of War when it says clearly
right there on the label, it's a mature game.
Anyways though, it says a parent is helpless to do anything and a grown man playing the
Lolita character for game points and that basically went on to talk a little bit about
it.
It's all sensationalism basically but they were also talking about how there's no way
that the parents have to be online or with their kids I guess or something in order for
the parental blocking to work or something.
Either way, it was one of those stories done by a local station for ratings that obviously
had no facts whatsoever regarding the subject and of course everybody jumps on it like you
know crazy.
Hey baby, why don't you come over here and I'll show you the size of my Xbox Live points
card.
Oh yeah.
That was terrible, Rom.
And so is the story.
I know.
Whoa, don't yell at me.
Oh, I concur with you.
This has to be, I have to laugh at this.
This is also, they have a picture from Fancy Star Universe which it says right here, 500
for pics, 1,000 for nude cam show.
Oh my God.
Dark Tetsuya in chat says, want to see my gamer score?
Oh gosh.
It says people are from Ohio, Kansas and I'm from Washington.
You can just talk to each other really clear.
I've met other people as far away as Russia and then it says the parents are talking about
it.
We're really concerned.
Our problem is parents don't see this as a threat yet.
Of course they're not paying attention to what their kid's doing.
Anyways, you've got to check out the article, it's hilarious, comotv.com slash news slash
5983826.html or just probably just search on the website and you'll find online gaming
world as a forum for sex predators.
That's the story article but it's funny.
Hey Rob.
What?
You want to come over and see my huge stiff boner?
Actually, coming from a woman, I kind of would like to see how you're going to pull that
off.
Okay, 500 for pics, 1,000 for live webcam action, whatever the fuck it's in.
Okay, here's another one right here.
They're talking about apparently this kid Adam.
I think this is a 13 year old they're talking about, his mother Karen Epstein.
She does not know about the feature, the blocking features on Xbox Live.
When she opened Adam's online account, she handed him over the setup so that he can do
all the setup stuff for the account.
Okay, well apparently this parent is just stupid because she's handing over this stuff
to her kid and letting him get in basically all this trouble and stuff and to be honest,
if you're really that concerned about your kid, and to be honest, I don't think she even
knows that there's a threat out there with this stuff until the news person says, did
you know your kid can get raped from Xbox Live?
Then she's like, whoa, what the fuck?
In related news, according to that one news story we talked about a couple months ago,
PictoChat is raping children everywhere.
Did you hear about this?
I'm going to start using PictoChat now.
Rice Princess is horny.
Whatever.
You can't rape the willing Rice Princess.
This is true.
All right.
Hey little boys.
No, I'm just kidding.
All right.
Oh God.
Wash my brain.
Never be clean.
Never be clean.
All right.
Anyhow.
I don't feel yourself.
Here it is kids, tonight's question.
The first one to send this in a private message to me in the chat room gets to play beat the
host tonight and you have to be willing to use Skype or call our 800 number to be a part
of the game.
Now, tonight's topic is classic gaming, right?
The question is, if you're a classic gaming expert, this should be no problem for you.
On what board number does Pac-Man crash?
That is on what board number does Pac-Man crash?
There you go.
I posted it on the chat room, so if you know your classic games, you know what I'm talking
about.
There it is.
All right.
Now, controversial stories like our last one always generate a lot of emails and we always
get a lot of good emails to our mailbag at orangelanatradia.com and through the magic
of the space-time continuum, Dark Sacra is here tonight to read us our emails.
Hi Jamie.
Yo, this is the voice from beyond who isn't here because of family business.
Here is the mailbag and the first email comes from some guy...
Thank God I'm here too to interrupt you because it just wouldn't be a mailbag segment if I
couldn't talk too damn much.
Rob, I hate your Mac.
Hey, bring your own laptop next time.
B-Y-O-L 24 for you.
Hey, I was going to give you a free massage, so bite me.
Massage my butt.
No, I'm not into the glute massage, sorry.
Massage my middle finger right there.
I massaged Christopher's.
Did you?
Yes.
All right.
Good to hear.
This email comes from some dude named Mark.
God, why can't people just be patient?
Anyway, I'm sorry to say, but the standard of your show the last couple episodes has
seriously gone downhill.
It's becoming less of a show about video games and more about your social lives.
There seems to be a lot of hideous screaming and yelling.
It's really crossed the line of unprofessional.
Hey, Jamie.
I got to fart.
I think if Sky kept on topic and I know he tries, the show would go for half the time.
That's kind of funny because usually people are like, do more.
Okay.
Well, it's been a polarizing thing.
Some people with the last couple episodes have been like, oh my God, this has been like
the funniest things you guys have ever taped, and some people-
Let me finish the email.
All right, fine.
I also listen to the video game show and gamer cast network, which both have the right balance
of humor and information.
It's a shame because I love hearing about Dark Sakura's obsession with collection.
You do.
In Loki's tech news, even when he gets so angry, he fumbles his words, LOL, but I don't
have the time and patience to sift through the nonsense to get the info I need.
He didn't say he unsubscribed.
I thought I said he unsubscribed.
No.
Whatever.
The patience isn't spelled like... You spelled patience like-
See, now you're just being a bitch to him because he had something negative to say about
the show.
No, no, no, no.
I'm just pointing out for future reference that the type of patience that you spelled
belong in a hospital.
Oh my God.
Okay.
So to get back-
You too can send us an email and get your spelling and grammar berated by Jamie live
on the air and you wonder why people unsubscribe from the show.
He didn't unsubscribe.
He didn't say he unsubscribed.
Sorry.
Well, he didn't say he stopped listening, though.
No.
He didn't say he stopped listening.
Well, hopefully-
This is a shame.
Well, he's going to really unsubscribe now.
No.
I'm saying that out of the kindness of my heart.
You know what?
Yeah.
We kind of agree.
Really?
Are you unsubscribing from the show too?
Fuck you.
No.
Is that why you're not here tonight?
No.
I'm going to my grandfather-in-law's birthday party.
Yeah.
I'm a firm believer in family values as in I believe in the value of... Never mind.
Sorry.
You're getting off topic.
We need to talk more about games.
Is this about a video game?
Is your grandpa a video game?
I don't think he is.
He's not my grandpa.
Well-
All right.
You say your piece also.
Okay.
Anyway, I think, yeah, to a degree, it's gotten a little bit crazy, but you know, those like
how the shows used to be back in the day and I think it's kind of fun to let loose and
be kind of silly once in a while because really ratings state other than what you just said.
However, you know, I like to keep it a bit more in line and finding the balance is kind
of hard, but sometimes you do have to let loose and be a little bit silly sometimes.
You know, everybody needs a change, a little break.
Change is good for you.
Maybe you know, maybe you need to be silly more often.
You're one of those people who seems to me that your energy is rooted in your root chakra,
which is the first one.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
All right.
Look, look.
I want to say my piece.
You know, I agree with what you're saying.
It's about balance and the trick is that we have to find the right balance on this program
between, you know, too crazy and too, you know, too much hardcore games because honestly,
you know, there's like 300 video game podcasts out there.
You know, granted, just because we were one of the first ones out there doesn't mean that,
you know, people will automatically, you know, tune into us because we were one of the first.
We have to compete with, you know, 300 podcasts, everything from other independent podcasts
to corporate podcasts, although I don't see the other independent podcasts really as competition.
So I actually want to say thank you to the emailer in a strange way because the other
podcast he says he's going to go listen to instead are at least both independent podcasts
that are, you know, just fine shows.
There wasn't an instead there.
Well, whatever.
Anyway, so regardless, you know, but it's interesting because for me, I know I've listened
to one of those shows before and they kind of have an off-topicness of their own.
That's not a bad thing.
I think you have to have a personal touch.
That's what makes all these shows unique.
So you know, we're still trying to find the balance in a way.
Yeah, I was a little crazy the past couple of weeks, but you know, it was fun.
I think what makes me happy about this one though is that he cared enough to tell us.
That's true.
And I mean, that to me just seems like is, you know, hey, I want you guys to do better,
you know.
So I mean, if that's the case, that's sort of the vibe I was getting.
So I hope that's the case.
Dude, I hope you're still listening.
I'm sorry for picking on you.
I pick on everybody out of love, but you know, honestly, that helps us do better.
So if you give us, if you stick with us, keep giving us that chance, you know, we'll cry.
I think you'll find again, the goal of the show is to be like friends sitting around
the dinner table talking smack about games and sometimes it's going to be on topic and
sometimes it's going to get a little crazy, but you know, keep in mind we do it for free.
Sometimes the craziness is what keeps us going.
I know I had a lot of fun the past two shows, so we'll see what happens.
I hear now I realize this portion is pre-taped, but I hear Rice Princess is going to be back
tonight.
So we're going to have to really rein her in.
Stay somewhat on topic.
Yeah, I'm not going to be here.
I'll be eating cake.
Well, have fun.
Bring me back some cake.
Is it ice cream cake?
I don't know.
It's for grandpa.
Cake the video game?
Cake the band?
So next email.
Yes.
Next email.
From AZHP.
Hey guys.
Hey.
I just wanted to comment on your story last week about PS3's price drop.
David Cracker actually came out and said that the Japanese financial division was talking
about price reduction, not price cut.
Okay.
He claimed in an interview with IGN or OneUp or someone that they were looking at ways
to make the PS3 cheaper to produce, but would not pass the savings on to the consumers.
Now do you guys think this is a wise decision?
Would they make more money by keeping the same price, but having a cheaper cost of production?
Would they benefit from having a larger install base with a price cut to get more software
sales?
It just feels like Sony of America doesn't even know what Sony Japan is doing or thinking.
They're all just winging it.
I love the PS2 even though I'm on my third one because they keep breaking, but they just
keep doing the wrong thing at the wrong time with the PS3 and PSP.
What's going on?
Oh, you know, I would rather pay more for a quality product.
That's my thought.
That's actually sort of why I like my first generation Japanese PS2 because even though
they had parts that were a little bit faster, they were a little bit better made in terms
of their sturdiness, so it's business.
They're always wanting to make things cheaper and cheaper and cheaper and not change the
price.
They want to make it transparent to the buyer.
You're not going to know the difference unless you take it apart and look at what they did
and compare it side by side.
Well, it's funny we talk about balance because I think that's what Sony is having to find
is a balance here between their cost and the cost to produce the system and how much they're
going to charge people.
That's a very fine line and obviously they took a big gamble when they charged a lot
for their system and some say that gamble may not be paying off.
Is it in their best interest to pass along this savings cost to the consumer?
I think so.
I think that if they are going to save money on the systems, they need to pass along that
savings to the consumer in some way, but in the end, keep in mind Sony is losing a lot
of money on the consoles still.
The average Blu-ray player is still $1,000 standalone, not in PS3.
You know they're taking a pretty big hit on these systems.
Granted, Sony doesn't want to keep taking such a big hit so they do want to cut corners,
but again, it's about a balance.
If they can maybe save $100 on a system, pass along $50 of that savings to me, at least
it will be the illusion of, hey, the price is falling even though they're going to actually
gain a little more money if that makes sense.
I hate to keep comparing things to my massage therapy, but actually a lot of what they talk
about in the business aspect of that is that when you're trying to get clients in, in this
case comparing it with new buyers, you make an introductory price.
You make a special, you know, get your PS3 at the sale date, maybe like a corporate sponsored
sale, they get a bajillion buyers, you know what I mean, they get more people purchasing
it and then have it be at the regular price, they can say, oh, well, this is a good product,
it's really worthwhile for you to buy it, and then other people will come back, and
that's, you know, I think how you do it.
All right.
I hope you're listening, Sony.
Sony never listens to us.
Kasarai just needs a massage.
He needs Jamie to touch his chakra.
Not by me.
I'm sorry, there's people I...
Give him a happy ending.
Rob Hart.
Okay, this one comes from Twist.
I think Twist is a new writer, too.
Hi, Twist.
Hi, Twist.
I think that you're awesome.
Anyway, hey, OLR.
A few things I want to write about today.
First off, I was at GameStop today, I'm so sorry, and there were two Sony men there.
Sony, big capital letters.
I guess they were just checking on their PS3 demo setup or something.
The assistant manager there, a friend of mine, was talking to one of them and asked when
the U.S. will see any white PSPs.
The man explained it probably wouldn't happen.
They watched Nintendo sell their multicolored systems and learned a little from it.
Owning every colored system seems to be a trend in Japan and not America.
Also, if a white PSP were to be released and someone who wanted a white PSP went to a store
to buy one and they only had black ones available, they would leave the store and not buy any
PSP.
They would therefore be losing out on a PSP sale.
Those were the excuses he gave.
Second thing I saw interesting was the sudden interest my girlfriend has in video games.
A few of my friends and I went to a local Super Smash Bros. tournament and my girlfriend
tagged along.
Afterwards, my friend apologized for exposing her to the nerds and the boringness and said
she had a blast just watching and couldn't wait to go to the next tourney.
She then grew a sudden interest in Smash Bros. and other fighting games I play.
We've been dating for only two months so I didn't think she liked video games much.
And instantly the sex stopped.
She later explained she used to hate video games.
She would get mad at her little brother all the time when they were younger and her father
would chase him off the TV when he would be playing.
So why the sudden interest I asked?
She figured out that she hated them maybe because her brother never let her play and
no one ever taught her.
So I thought maybe every girl is a potential gamer but can't express it because of game-hogging
brothers.
I don't know, I used to just kick my brothers off and play myself.
Last thing, Evolution Fighting Game Tournament, evo2k.com.
You guys should check it out.
It's a great experience.
People here take fighting games to a whole other level.
You guys have the Bimani community.
I have the fighting game community, lol.
That's all.
Love the show.
Keep it up.
No matter how off topic the show goes, it's always great.
You know, the fighting game community, they're some pretty hardcore people.
You know, I don't follow that scene a whole lot because I suck at fighting games but yeah,
it's pretty hardcore there.
I like Smash Bros. though but I suck at it.
There's just a funny story.
There's a guy who's well known in the cosplay community now named Chris, Chris Tang.
A long time ago when we first met him, he worked for Capcom and brought his own joystick
over to our house and proceeded to be on like a level 5 difficulty while Dan was at like
a 1 difficulty and Dan actually beat him around and he said that that was the most fun he's
ever had playing because someone actually managed to beat him.
So losing once in a while isn't so bad?
If you beat everybody that's around you, then...
That's why I kind of, you know, I love fighting games but there are people who get way too
into it who get too good for the game to be enjoyable I think.
Have I told my Street Fighter 2 chick story on this air once?
One time I was in L.A. and I was on like a trip and it was when I was younger, probably
about 17 and we were at a comic book shop late one night.
It was like after closing but for some reason a bunch of people were still there.
There are all these hardcore Street Fighter 2 people playing and I walked in, I didn't
know much about the game and I was playing Chun-Li and I kicked all their asses.
I did.
But the thing is that I probably beat like 8 of them in a row and they were getting pissed
like who is this guy?
What the hell is he doing?
You know it's probably because I was doing some new, I was some new blood and they all
knew each other's techniques probably so they kicked my ass.
Well finally, you know when I went down?
When some girl walked in and she also picked Chun-Li, she schooled me.
So if you ever have some chick that's trying to play that innocent thing like, oh what's
that controller?
Let me try.
I want to play this game.
You're in for an ass kicking because she's probably just doing that.
I loved doing that when I lived in Alabama.
Did I ever tell you the Tekken story?
I'm sure you have but if you want to say it again real quick.
Well there were these guys who had been in there all morning playing with King, nobody
but King, learning all the throws and everything, playing each other.
So I went in there and picked Julia who on Tekken, Julia and Jin both have moves that
block throws and so I was just using them over and over again and managed to piss them
off so badly that they left all of their credits in the machine and left and I of course took
advantage of it.
I'm not going to let any credits go to waste.
Very nice.
I love being a girl gamer.
I think we completely got off topic of that email but oh well.
That's what happens when you email us.
This one comes from Radink.
I guess it's also pronounced.
Hey, OLR.
Love the show.
I'm curious as to what the closing song of the show was.
Is I, Future List by Kiryamoka, fame producer of the Silent Hill series.
Uber email.
Okay, this is from McFloyd.
This is a great email.
Dear OLR crew, I haven't emailed in a while so I thought it was about time I did speaking
of emailing whatever happened to the letter of the week.
Did it just phase out because I haven't heard one being announced for a while?
The only reason I think about it is because my first email was the letter of the week
and I was ecstatic about it and I haven't heard much since then.
You know what?
It's been, okay, I know this is hardly an excuse but I have been horrendously busy.
Well, also just we haven't gotten a lot of Uber emails lately.
Yours is it.
Congratulations.
You're a second time winner.
Well, we don't get a lot of Uber emails.
I think the idea behind the letter of the week was for the Uber emails that were just
like too long to read on air, we would have them just be the letter of the week and everybody
could go read them on their own time but we haven't gotten a lot of those lately.
You know what?
This one's it.
It's the longest email we've received by default you in.
No, but actually it's a really good email.
I'm going to finish reading it.
Okay.
I'm finding more and more that graphics really do affect what I think of a system.
I love my Xbox 360 because it has games like Gears of War and I'm very excited about the
effects in Halo 3 from what I've been reading on the Bungie website.
Although I don't know if I'll be buying a PS3, it still really impresses me as everything
looks so realistic.
If Sony made some better decisions and the price went down a bit, I might even consider
getting the PS3 mainly because it has the processing power to make major games perform
well and possibly to make the dashboard or whatever it's called on the PS3 very sleek,
easy to navigate, and a simple place to put music, pictures, movies, et cetera.
In a few years, I would see the PS3 and Xbox 360 as good game consoles but I'm worried
about the Wii.
It doesn't have the power to play games that will make people gasp in admiration or the
space right off the bat to store large amounts of information.
It has the graphics of the game generation that was supposed to last five years and it's
supposed to last for a generation that could be even longer.
The controller is innovative, there's no doubt, but games like Katamari Damacy pulled
off innovation with regular PS2 controller and peripherals can always be made.
Software like the Wii channels could very easily be copied by Sony or Microsoft and
maybe even improved.
So why haven't they done it?
What are your opinions?
How do you think the Wii will last this generation?
I think, again, it goes back to the golden rule of gaming.
A system is only as good as the games that are on it and on the Wii, you have Wii Sports,
Zelda Twilight Princess, Trauma Center, and on the PlayStation 3, you have Mobile Suit
Gundam, Sonic the Hedgehog.
Granted, you have Resistance but Resistance is Resistance $600 plus $60.
Let me give the PS3 benefit of the doubt, $500 plus $60 plus whatever the component
cable costs to make the game look good.
Is it worth that?
Is it that good?
I say no.
For the average gamer, no.
Whereas the Wii, again, the Wii is going towards a different audience than you, the hardcore
gamer.
They're accomplishing their goal very beautifully, I think.
Honestly, I know a lot of people.
We had Marissa in here last week.
I've had other people I know that don't really play a lot of games or haven't played a lot
since Cape It Nintendo.
Grandparents are playing the Wii.
Even outside the grandparents, because I think a lot of the anti-Nintendo crowd says, oh,
well, a grandma may play Wii bowling, but does that mean she goes out and buys a Wii?
I don't know, but that means that grandma's going to think about that for her kids.
Actually, I was at Target a couple of days ago and saw this lady, probably in her early
60s, buying a Wii.
We were in line together.
I asked her, I was like, so this is for your grandkids?
She's like, no, it's for me.
You know, I don't want to come off sounding like a Nintendo fanboy.
To be fair, Sony has the potential.
You're right.
This guy's right.
The system's got a lot of processing power.
It's got a lot of potential, but at the same time, so does the Wii.
We know Nintendo always keeps secrets about systems.
They don't show off until later.
The Wii really, truly has not gone online yet.
I think they will, despite the whole friend code thing.
I just have this feeling that once you really sit down and play Animal Crossing with Wii
Connect 24, it's going to be a different type of experience all its own.
In the meantime, I still think Microsoft will always be the king of gaming, online gaming
in this case.
I don't know.
We'll see.
We'll see.
It's just too early.
I mean, wake me up when Metal Gear Solid 4 and Final Fantasy 13 are out.
Then I can really assess the PlayStation 3, but right now, it's a pretty box with nothing
inside it.
That's how I feel.
Actually, mine's dusty now.
If I were to show-
It's a shiny, dusty collector.
If I were to show my mom resistance, she might go, well, it's nice looking, but if I were
to show my mom Wii Sports, she'd go, whoa, you're like up and you're moving.
It's just that you just swing it.
You don't have to hit a button.
That's all you do?
That's the difference between Nintendo and this generation and everything, despite what's
in the box.
Anyway, that's my ramblin' thought.
There's one other issue that's been bothering me.
The way people rate games, I find it disturbing, and this doesn't just relate to video games,
that sex is as much a bigger deal than violence for the ratings as it's a much worse thing.
For those who really understand what violence does, I suppose it's okay that violence is
so prominent in video games, but when little kids grow up seeing in movies and games that
violence is not such a big deal and sex is awkward or wrong, or when people do it they're
somehow breaking the rules, it definitely sets them on the wrong path for looking at
life.
I think that as long as games and shows are separated from reality, it's okay, but when
kids are becoming saturated with these ideas coming from them from all directions, it's
hard for parents to give them the right information when the media controls their kids' minds.
My point with all this is that you have to give the parents a break because entertainment,
video games included, is affecting children, and there will always be friends with systems
to play your TVs to watch, even parents try their hardest to stop it.
That would require an impossible amount of patience and strength to first extract what
a child has seen on TV and then put everything in context for them.
Parents don't often have the courage to teach children so much about life early on, so I
don't believe it's necessarily their fault if kids grow up desensitized and messed up.
The media has become crueler and more vicious.
Yeah, I can see it from that angle, I do understand that, but I think that it's just a matter
of actually, you know, you phrased it beautifully, parents don't often have the courage to teach
their children about life early on.
You know, I think that if they started off educating their children, you know, that would
avoid a lot of the problems, say, you know, make sure that if their child's going to see
something that they understand, and actually I have a very good relation to this, I was
actually just watching the second, an evening with Kevin Smith last night, he was talking
about his daughter.
He says he doesn't, they don't hide language around around their daughter, that they curse
all they want to, and, you know, and she basically has gotten to where she doesn't want to do
it just because she hears it, you know, it's not a big deal to her.
You know, it's just like, well, you know, when you're dieting, if you can have all the
chocolate cake you want, chocolate cake doesn't become special anymore, you won't want it
as much.
You know, I think that if you, not necessarily a blatant exposure of a violent element to
a child, but if you explain it how it is and say, you know, this is what goes on, this
is, you know, why people do this, this is what happens, if a child doesn't have to figure
it out for themselves, because their logic, they're not fully developed, their logic is
not all there.
If you say, hey, you know, this happens, this is what goes on, they're going to be in a
better position to assimilate what they're seeing.
It's very interesting you bring up that point, because I kind of, one other little thing,
I don't know if I was maybe mishearing or misreading into this letter, but I'm also
hearing that, you know, the society and the parents have a way bigger problem with sex
and games than they do with violence and games, and that's just American culture in general.
I mean, you're not just talking about video games there, it is movies, it is TV, sex is
always looked at way harsher than violence.
I mean, seriously, a movie says the F word twice and it gets rated R, but, you know,
you can blow up limbs and heads and, you know, sometimes you can still get away with a PG-13,
yet we have this real problem with underage sex in this country.
Interesting, hmm?
I don't know, you kind of apply what you're saying there and when it's taboo, people want
to do it.
I bet if mom and dad talked more about them having sex in front of the kids, the kids
would never want to have sex ever.
I'm joking.
I'm not a parent, I don't know.
Just something that I have more information that I've taken from my classes.
One of my teachers said that the reason why there's also a lot of unhealthiness in people
is because they have an unhealthy attitude toward their bodies.
You know, with us having this, you know, anorexic, waif-looking image on TV when all it is is
freakin' photoshopping and unhealthiness, when you're driven to be productive, when
all that's doing is raising your adrenaline, making your liver, you're dumping adrenaline
into your liver, which is shortening your lifespan in general.
You're not breathing properly, but also, you know, there's this whole attitude that sex
is something that you don't discuss.
It's something that you keep hidden, where it's offended.
I'm willing to discuss sex on this program any time.
Well, and you know, there's some people who don't need it so much.
You know, I'm not going to...
There's some people I know that do need it, because, you know, oh boy.
It really, but it is, I think, you know, it is, I think, an important part of your overall
well-being.
It's a balance that it creates, and when we treat it like it's a disease, when we treat
it like it's something that's disgusting, that's foul and immoral, you really take something
that's very healthy for you and treat it.
It's like having the cure for cancer and thinking that it's, and treating it illegal.
All the emails have this balance theme going on tonight.
I fully believe in balance.
I think it's a good thing, but you know, it's just that whole, that's, you know, I hate
to go off on the tangent like that, but that's my view toward how America views sex, because
if you go to a lot of other countries where people just can you go around topless or,
you know, where nudity is on TV and no one treats it like a big deal, look at their rate
of sex crimes, you know.
I'm going to start a trend right here.
I'm going to go around topless in studio right now.
You know what, Rob?
I can't, but it's, you know, if you take a look at it, we have such a high rate of sex
crime because I think it's because we do treat it like it's, like it's a disease.
Your thoughts are always welcomed out there.
Mail back to orangeslauncheted.com.
I'm sorry for going off on it, but you know, it's, it's, it's actually something that's
been sort of sitting on my head for a while because I really noticed it, you know, and
the video can be another symptom of it.
You know, the whole hot coffee thing is like, dude, why?
It's got an M rating anyway, didn't it?
I believe so.
Yeah.
I should have said it should have been AO, but that's R versus NC 17, but anyway, whatever.
So the last, the last phrase here, and by the way, Loki got pwned.
He was so confident about the Halo 3 release in spring, yet on the Bungie website, a picture
had the ad campaign came out and the bottom fall, 2007 was written boldly and clearly.
I guess no one's perfect, but he was still wrong.
Okay, that's all bye.
Listen to last week, part A, I called him on it.
He has, he has some good reasoning though.
So listen, take a, take a listen.
P.S.
Since the Wii is seventh generation and the Xbox 360 is second generation for Microsoft,
the term for Wii and 360 owners should actually be Wii 69.
I'm not sure how that math came about, but all right.
Okay.
We'll take it.
We have one from Lee.
Hi, Lee.
Who was apparently writing us from London.
Well, hello.
Hi, you guys.
Cheerio.
Would you like to sit down and have some tea and crumpets?
Hey, I got an email complimenting me on the British accent, by the way, to my personal
email box.
Really?
Yes.
Have I?
I don't know.
Let's not.
We're running long.
Let's get.
One thing I really like about being from Alabama, if you, if you look up, the Southern accent
is actually derived.
Balance, Jamie.
Balance.
I am going to talk about it.
The Southern accent is actually derived from the West England type, you know, region of
accent.
Did you read that on Wikipedia?
No, I didn't.
I actually took a linguistics class.
All right.
All right.
I'll talk to you though.
Anyway.
Back to the email.
Hi, you guys.
Just wanted to comment on your marketing strategy.
Rob suggested at the end of your last show that all listeners go out and let one person
know about OLR.
I think this may be an unnecessarily slow process and hamper your efforts at world media
domination.
If my maths is correct, and it most likely isn't, if all your listeners were to head
out and let two people know about OLR every week, and then the following week they all
in turn let two more people know, in about 30 weeks the entire population of the planet
would be listening to your show.
In your new position as world famous personalities, you could use the power of gaming to eradicate
world poverty, cure the common cold, and create a new utopian society.
Dude, utopian.
I love that word.
Just a suggestion though.
Cheers, Lee.
Lee, Lee, Lee.
Lee is the new marketing manager of Orange Lounge Radio.
I like the way you think, Lee.
Welcome aboard, Lee.
Welcome aboard.
Send me a plane ticket, please.
I like the way this man thinks.
Therefore, at the end of the show, I will from now, I will be encouraging everyone to
tell two people that now they have to tell two people about Orange Lounge Radio.
And you can all thank Lee for that.
I like the way he thinks.
That was brilliant.
Last email.
Yay.
Which is going to segment, or segue I should say, into another segment.
All right.
Oh.
Play my music, Rob.
Sure thing.
The website of the week, combined with this email from our friend, ApolloChon, good morning.
One of my friends, another listener, linked me to this site a few days ago, and I thought
it was cute.
Perhaps it could be a website of the week, or something of the sort.
It at least deserves an honorable mention.
Objection.
Which we have discussed on the site before.
I have seen previous user-made objections, so this is good.
It's about time we named this the site of the week.
However, it's about time.
So it's objection.mrdictionary.net.php, and we actually have one submitted in this email.
So you actually had an objection put in the email.
Yep, and it's loading the text right now.
Okay.
Okay.
Clearly, Dark Sakura should choose objection as the website of the week.
Evidence shows that it is 99% amazing.
I'd like to know what type of evidence that is, but all right.
We'll take it.
That sounds like one of my live channel entries to you.
Anyway, that'll do it for both the website of the week and for emails.
Keep them coming, y'all.
All right.
Any closing words you want to say to the listeners at home, Dark Sakura, before we vanish you
into what's current and live on the show right now?
I didn't say what I was playing this week.
All right.
Well, quickly tell us about your gaming week.
I played World of Warcraft.
Yeah?
Thanks to my dear best friend, Chris.
I am playing again.
I don't have Burning Crusade yet because, well, I have to pay $300 at the end of March
and $500 to buy a massage table in April, so I'm kind of broke.
However, I played my first human.
I played a warlock, and I hate kobolds.
What server are you on?
Ravencrest.
Ravencrest?
Oh, the server.
We all play it.
Wait a minute.
I was trying to say Ravenloft.
Wait, Ravencrest, but you're a human.
Yes.
What's your character's name?
I'm not telling you.
Oh, you can't say it on air.
Can you whisper it to me?
Can you mouth it?
Why?
Because you're going to hunt me down.
Yes, I'm a horde, so I'm going to hunt you down.
I'm going to kill you for making a character on the wrong side for the Horde.
I'm going to make a horde too, but my character's name is Lorcan, which if anybody ever reads
Anne Rice novels before she went stupid, it was a character in one of her last books,
one of her pre-stupidity books.
My character's name is posted, but if you want to know it, you have to go check the
forums.
Orangenotrader.com.
Forums.
My other characters are on Suramar.
I have a night elf on Suramar.
And then on Airy Peak, I have an undead.
Airy Peak is so 2006.
Well, my characters, I'm just glad they weren't deleted, because I didn't play for seven months.
And then they're still there.
And by the way, just an honorable mention, Misty has sent us 20,000 emails from her phone.
You can email, like mailbag getorangenotrader on your phone?
I can do that too.
Interesting.
But I like this one.
Hey, I miss you guys a lot.
I'm just going to go ahead and get a brand new computer once my tax money gets here.
Misty's funny.
She sends me a lot of random AOL messages too, but it's cool.
They make me chuckle.
Dude, it's the doctor.
On that note, we better go back to the present time.
So quickly, your final thought.
Anybody in the Sacramento, Roseville, Citrus Heights area, in April I will be a licensed
massage therapist and my rates are $75 an hour for me to come to your house and give
you the best massage ever.
Is this the Orange Ontario video game show or the massage show, because I'm starting
to wonder.
Will you massage people while they play video games, maybe?
I will do a special video game massage where I play the Final Fantasy Celtic Moon soundtrack
while rubbing your feet.
All right.
We got to go back.
So, Dark Sakura, have a lovely week off and take care.
Okay.
All right.
Through the magic of the space time continuum, that was Dark Sakura.
Thank you very much, Dark Sakura.
We miss you here live in the studio tonight, but our aim is improving.
I will have you know.
So it's very nice.
All right.
Well, let's get back into some news.
We got some news for you guys and this is kind of interesting.
Did you hear about this, Eddie?
I don't know.
Did you see the list that GamesRadar posted of the five game characters with one foot
in the closet?
I did not, but I'd love to hear it.
You might want to turn on that mic.
I did not, but I'd love to hear it.
Well, I don't know if I want to really read the whole list, but basically it was a bit
of a controversial article.
They said Kratos from God of War, Marcus Fenix from Gears of War, Frank West from Dead Rising
and Vaan from Final Fantasy XII.
That's true.
But what's interesting is kind of the way they went about saying it is they used a lot
of gay stereotypes, like so and so is cross dresses, so he must be gay because he looks
like a chick, so he must be gay.
That's stupid.
That's pretty dumb.
And what's interesting is it caught the radar of Gay.com, which is not a gaming site.
It's a gay site.
It caught the radar of Gay.com's UK edition as well as another site, Pink News.
And they publicly yelled at these games' radar articles.
Pink News said, quote, what is the point of outing characters?
Is this yet another bunch of childish straight boys laughing at gay people?
And the author of the Gay.com article was elaborating that the article had a very facetious
tone to it and basically was making jokes about the LGBT community.
And I guess because they pegged Frank West as being gay because he dresses up in women's
clothes and children's clothes for a bit of carnal experimentation.
Yeah, I mean, gamer guys are, the subculture.
Not the ones that listen to this show.
I mean, we're all cool, but the subculture, like in general, does seem to be kind of homophobic.
That's the tone.
I think anyway, I mean, like you said, like the guys that make the games with like boobs
and stuff, you know, which is like every game, you know, yeah, I can see that where they'd
be like kind of homophobic.
They make hot guys too.
Have you never played any of the Castlevania games, where the hell have you been?
I mean, it's like, what is that one game that came out, God Hand?
I mean, it's like, that game is like pretty ripping on gay people and like, like I haven't
seen this game.
Yeah, the God Hand, it's for PS2.
I mean, the game looks pretty good, but it's like, it's pretty over the top, like just
porn for like 14 year old straight guys.
Like you can like spank, but only the female characters and like there's these like really
flaming like gay villains.
The whole game is supposed to be, it's a parody on like Kung Fu games or whatever.
It's, it's like a Kung Fu hustle, the game is basically what it's supposed to be.
Yeah.
But like in every trailer they show like the spank attack, you know, and the, but you could
only spank the female villains.
Like they didn't program it.
You could just spank anyone.
So the, I don't know, that's pretty like one sided to me.
Interesting.
I don't know.
I read the original list, the games radar posted, I just thought it was stupid.
Like it was like, it's like when someone tells a joke and no one laughs and believe me, I
know that feeling very well here on this program.
You know, that's kind of like what I felt this guy's article was, is that like, like
some genius on one of these board meetings was said, Hey, let's do an article on like
gay guys in video games.
And I don't think it was meant maliciously.
So I don't get my feathers ruffled about it.
Like I just look at it and go, wow, that's just stupid.
Yeah.
I don't get offended about it.
I just go, okay dude.
Right.
Sure dude.
Dude.
Yeah.
Sure dude.
I think Gears of War is totally gay.
Yeah.
You got it.
Yeah.
Cause he, you know, thinking about his buddies too much and all that.
And Kratos is totally gay because he doesn't like bang two chicks at the same time in two
different games.
Uh huh.
Uh huh.
And he doesn't wipe his ass with tree bark.
I mean, where was Makoto on the list?
Like that's the reason I didn't take the list.
Well, I guess maybe because it was about closeted game characters, whereas Makoto in enchanted
arms was a, you know, he was a, he was a very, if I ever saw one in the cosmos.
Yeah.
Or with his ginormous package.
Or where is King, the biggest lesbian in all of video games?
Oh my God.
She's totally a lesbian.
Yeah.
I'm kind of with you guys.
She's like one of my favorite characters.
I don't really care.
Yeah.
I don't really care.
I mean, whoa.
You know, it's like, I just, you know, I want there to be a game where you spank guys.
You like, you like Sims type games where you can just do whatever you want.
Yeah.
Pretty much.
Yeah.
As long as they let me do stuff to guys in the games.
Only willy ones, of course.
Yeah.
Well, yeah, no.
Yeah.
Of course.
I mean, geez.
Come on now.
Uh-huh.
Come on.
You guys are gay.
Uh, let's see.
James Patrick says, uh, God ham, the main character is gay, right?
Or becomes gay.
That's what the X-Play video seemed to suggest.
Yeah.
Of course.
That's a lot of things.
A lot of X-Play videos suggest gay themes for games and that's, that's kind of what
this article struck me as.
It was like an X-Play review.
Like it's trying like way too hard to be funny, but I just don't laugh.
That's what it is.
Yep.
All right.
So, that's it.
I don't have my feathers ruffled over it.
I just kind of go, game's radar is wearing enough egg on their face over it.
I don't need to be able to sit here, oh, it's homophobic and blah, blah, blah.
No, it wasn't.
It was just stupid.
There's a difference.
There's a difference between homophobia and stupid.
Nobody really cares about you guys, so.
Yeah.
So, every month it seems to be that there is a story out there about somebody killing
somebody and somehow they're tying it into violent video games and that was the case
also with a Milwaukee murder.
Fifteen-year-old Nathan Moore was a murderer of Rex Bomb, an alcoholic transient, and apparently
this Nathan Moore was quoted saying it was just like a violent video game.
You know, killing the guy reminded him of a violent video game.
So, of course everyone went, ah, it's games to blame and stuff like that.
Um, the one, the stepmom of Nathan actually was a dedicated Penny Arcade reader and she
actually wrote him a letter regarding the whole thing and it's actually quite interesting
because they talk about how, you know, the kid is just kind of just crazy, doesn't, you
know, getting in trouble in every which way and, you know, doesn't, she basically points
out it's not the game, not video games fault and it did not make him who he was.
He was already fucked up to begin with, so, um, I do think it's kind of interesting though
at least there's someone out there that's willing to say, hey, this is not the case.
Um, and I believe someone pointed out, I can't remember where it was, but they pointed out
that, you know, he may be crazy, but he's not stupid.
He knows that he can get like some sort of like crazy, um, insanity plea with, you know,
saying that, oh, video games made me do it type of thing.
So I think he's just trying to use that, you know, kind of to get off a little bit.
I don't know, but get off, get off from being, you know, I love, we can always count on the
serious perspective from rice princess.
Do you have any serious thoughts on this?
Yeah.
That was it.
I farted.
Yeah.
Everybody's saying goodbye to rice princess folks, she won't be back last week.
Um, anybody have any comments on that?
I do.
Moving right along then, you guys are assholes, um, Microsoft has been caught in a lawsuit
and a federal jury ordered Microsoft to pay $1.5 billion, uh, to the, uh, telecom group
Actel Lucent, no Alcatel, Alcatel, like Alcatel Lucent, uh, for violating two patents related
to digital music.
Basically it all has to do with MP3 encoding and decoding, uh, and that has to do with
Windows media player.
They're going, what the hell does this have to do with gaming?
Well, uh, it's because a part of this suit has to do with speech coding and video coding
used in the Xbox 360, which makes you go, Hmm, will future Microsoft's products be hampered
by this?
Or is this just a case of a jury wanting to get back at Microsoft because you know, they're
evil or whatever it is.
I think that they're just going to pay this and unlike, you know, Sony, they're actually
going to, you know, pay for the rights or whatever that they may have infringed on and
just license them.
I think they do that actually for the rumble technology.
They license the rumbling patents or whatever, although some companies decide to remove them
altogether because they don't want to shell out money.
But whatever.
So, um, you know, on a completely different topic though, um, you got to love the Russians
and they came up with this wonder, you know, and this is like a, such a horrible stereotype,
but um, they've come up with a Russian, a massively multiplayer online drinking game.
Oh my God, that's awesome.
And apparently it's, um, you would take this special shot glass that will plug into your
computer via USB.
And when you logged into a special chat room, the glass keeps track of how much alcohol
you have left just to make sure that you're keeping up.
Um, so that, I don't know.
If I put water in it.
Well, I suppose you could.
Ha!
I fooled the computer.
Well, aren't you elite hacker?
I hack sword your shot glass.
With water.
Or can't you just like pour it out into another cup or, you know, like there's tons of different
ways you could hack into it.
Or how does it all, give it all to Irene because she's poor and can't afford it.
Well, could you just go on one of those adult sites and put up a picture of somebody else?
I mean, that's about the same.
Or can't you just like drink at home, like with your friends and not have to do it on
the computer with a bunch of people you don't know?
Like, that's pretty sad.
This sounds to be, to be honest, this sounds like something that they would have in like
Second Life.
Uh, Cane VM says, uh, in our chat room again, chat.orangehelter.com, Cane VM says, MMO drinking?
Hell yeah.
Black Boy says, that game sounds awesome.
Uh, Blaze says, innocent people will die over this game.
And GS68 says, you'll die of water intoxication.
That's true.
That's Sacramento.
And, uh, apparently people like to do that here.
Oh God.
Um.
What?
It's true.
Too soon.
Too soon.
Don't give me that.
Okay.
Yeah.
You know, all those people that made those comments were like under 21 and like, oh my
God, he's so cool.
He's drinking game.
I don't think Black Boy, what Black Boy participates in, uh, uh, I know they call it Free Play
Friday, but I call it Drunken Orgy over at All Games on Fridays.
So I think he's over 21.
Oh man.
They have Drunken Orgies?
Uh, we got to pick up the slack here.
This is Zippy Orgies.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Oh, it is, it is, uh, the end of February sweeps.
How are we going to top that on the All Games Network?
We need to be pulling some ice cream.
We're going to murder someone live on here.
I know.
All right.
Bye Rob.
And you wondered why Lanky Style came back.
All right.
Lanky Style, just put this plastic bag on your head and I got a rubber band.
I'm, I can't.
Too soon.
Too soon.
I love you.
Hearts to you.
He's really acknowledging me.
I know how we can, I know how we can pull through the sweeps.
Oh man, our ratings are number one.
Um, so anyway, let's go back to, all right, well, no, I know exactly how we can pull through
for sweeps.
Are you okay?
Lanky Style?
I didn't, I didn't mean it.
An apology to Lanky Style?
I think he's giving me poundy face.
It's like unsubscribe, unsubscribe right there.
All right.
Anyway.
Don't misrepresent me.
What?
I said, don't misrepresent me.
At least I probably got you to talk.
Fuck.
All right.
You're mean now, Rob.
I know.
I'm, I'm a jerk.
All right.
Let's see.
I'm looking at chat room.
Black Boy says, did anyone see the photo of me teabagging stalker Oscar?
See look, we're going to lose sweeps, you guys, we're going to fucking lose.
Oh man.
Against this.
Come on.
Teabagging?
That's it.
I got to, that's it.
I'm going to have to go and teabag rice princess right now.
Get the hell away from me.
He's really walking towards me.
Bend over.
Ah.
Ah.
No.
All right.
Got a face full of crotch.
How much do I owe you?
Well, it's a nice segment, which is a great sweeps trick.
It's playing a good old fashioned game here on Orange Lounge Radio and we have a game
called Beat the Host.
And we asked to qualify our question earlier in chat and that was which board does Pac-Man
crash on?
And we have our winner on the line.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
You there?
Hey, how's it going?
Hey, who is this?
It's the Rob D. Rob D, what board does Pac-Man crash on?
256.
Right.
The 256th board is when half of it glitches, but apparently you can actually still get
past it but you have to you have to be super human basically a few memorizer
thing it supposedly is possible and there is a way to have the ramen get
around that make it normal I think but I know that's that's going to Wikipedia so
I don't know too much about it alright good job you and I got the answer the
same place I do have a question to ask you before we get into this right why
not are you talking to some hold them I'm not I I actually I was out Saturday
night I'm sorry I'm not trying to dodge you guys but Saturday night is a is a
busy night especially when I work during the week I will definitely join you guys
though I hear that all games is expanding to do tournaments like
throughout the week so I will definitely join but I I will join on a Saturday I
promise but I do rocky every other Saturday and that you know keeps me kind
of busy so I give you a little grief for that alright thank thank you for the
public humiliation in front of thousands I mean 120 the humiliation in front of
20 listeners all right all right Rob do you ready to play beat the host of course
well then we need some cheesy theme music
that's right it's time to play beat the host okay I'm not gonna do that all
right the way the beat the host works you're gonna choose somebody here in
studio to challenge you could challenge Casper the gay also known as big gay
Eddie you challenge spaghetti you challenge Loki you can challenge rice
princess or lanky style and tonight's topic is classic video games we have
changed up the rules a little bit but I'll explain that as we move on first
off rock D who you get challenge you know what I'll press my luck a little
bit I'll go with Loki Loki look great everyone prize everyone picks Loki
alright he's like the center square he's the whoopee Goldberg of our program
alright alright so on before Loki leave studio I'm gonna explain the revised
rules of beat the host because we changed up a little bit from last time
we did this have you heard beat the host before Rob D no I have not good then
it'll be all new to you okay what we're gonna do is we have ten clips of songs
and today's category is classic arcade games so I taped myself playing ten
classic arcade games and what we're gonna do is you're gonna have two
minutes to guess the ten games so I will continue to play the music and tell you
correctly guess the song this goes for you as well Loki I'll continue to play
the music and tell you correctly guess the song at which point I'll go to the
next song however you can always skip ahead to the next song by just saying
pass you want to go to the next song okay so you have two minutes to knock
all ten of them out okay that's good you got it and if you beat Loki you win a
fabulous prize are you on myspace Rob D yes I am
all right the Rob D by winning tonight you'll earn a space in our myspace top
friends now we have to do this like the old one where we just shout out the
answers or do we want to write them down no this time it's not like the way we
used to do we have to say it all at the end you're gonna say it while it's going
on and tonight he's a killer you're probably gonna run through a bunch of
games until you get it right but if I don't say anything then you haven't
guessed it right yet all right all right Loki is now going to leave the
family and head to our isolation booth somebody keep an eye on him
like the old game shows all right yep so out of curiosity is that the orange
lounge radio myspace friend list easier or harder to get on to you than a Scott
Rubins friends list on Xbox Live I you know it's it's actually a little harder
because Scott I finally got on to Scott Rubins friends list on Xbox Live so and
I'm almost kicked out of orange on just top 20 so all right any anybody want to
talk shit about Loki while he's not here all right all right Rob D ready to
start you know it all right then here we go your two minutes begins now
I'm gonna say missile commander actually defender defender
Valley down I'm say our face no I'll just skip this one
yes correct one no one minute left no idea
you pass yeah
I
I do know this one, but I forget what it is, so I'm going to pass on that.
All right.
Fifteen.
Master us.
Five, no.
Four.
Three.
Pass.
Two.
One.
Make the point.
This is a tough category tonight.
Our chat room is even struggling at times.
But you did get two right and that may be enough to beat Loki.
I don't know, my classic arcade game knowledge is a little limited on that one, fortunately,
but good luck, Loki.
All right.
Well, here we go.
We're going to bring Loki back in studio.
If Lanky style would please go grab Loki.
How was Lanky style doing?
He actually got a few of them, yeah.
He would have been a very formidable opponent.
All right.
Well, it's a good thing Rob D didn't pick him.
Yeah.
I'm glad he picked a total loser like Loki.
Hi, Lanky.
How you doing?
Loki's wearing the wedding shirt that Jamie and I got him, the one that says Game Over.
Yes. Alright, well I can't tell you what Rob D got just yet, but
we'll see, it's a tough category. Anyway, I need you to look that way. Alright,
and you're going to name off, because I don't want him to see what songs are on screen. So here we go.
Again, just say pass. If you want to pass, you have two minutes, and your two minutes
starts right now.
Bubble Wobble. Yes.
Pass.
Dig Dug. No. Mr. Do. No. Burger Time. Yes.
Pass.
Pass.
Contra. No. Pass. Pass.
Dig Dug. Yes.
Pass.
45 seconds.
Pass.
30 seconds. Pass. In fact, the one you passed the first time.
1942. No. Time travel. No.
19 seconds.
8, 7, 4, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. All done.
Alright, let's add it up. Let's see how you guys did.
Rob D got two right, but Loki got three right. Loki, you win.
You know, a lot of them I recognized, and I was like, I couldn't play them.
It was really hard tonight. Chadron was doing very well, though. Rob D, I'm so sorry you didn't win.
That happens. Good job, Loki. Alright, better luck next time, though. You want to hear the right answers, though?
I bet you want to know them, because this is the party. Ah, yes I do. Ah, dammit.
Are we allowed to guess them? Were Tempest and Bubble Wobble in there?
Ah, yes, they both were. What were you thinking, Rice Princess?
Are we allowed to guess them as you go on? Sure, why not?
Okay, so just play them. We didn't cheat, though, because the names are up on the screen.
No, I can't even see from there. Okay, good. Here we go.
What do you think, Rice Princess? Well, this is Bubble Wobble. Loki guessed that one.
What do you think this one is?
Robotron? No. Oh.
I have no fucking clue. Tempest, that's one.
Alright, somebody got this. This is for her time.
We both got that, actually.
Yeah, I've got no clue. No idea?
Nope. Even, I think if I let it go in here a little bit more, it'll be here.
Hold on.
I think it's right here. You might recognize this.
You remember that? Crystal Castles! Crystal Castles.
Oh, yeah. Alright, this is Frogger.
And that's Frogger.
This one's a real toughie. I don't know if anyone got this right.
This song's so familiar.
1943. 1943. Oh, God.
Dig Dug. This one's Dig Dug. Somebody got that one right? Dig Dug?
This is a tough one. I think somebody in the studio said it, though.
This could be Zaxxon. It is a Zaxxon. Damn it!
Zaxxon. Good job. This one's one of my favorites.
I'll give you a hint, because in the balls of penguins, Sega made.
Push cubes around and squish little blobs.
Tango! Tango!
Okay, this one is a killer. I don't know if anyone got this one. I wasn't watching chat.
Namco made.
In most of their selections of games.
Knights of the Round? Nope.
Sword game.
Incredibly slow-moving character.
The Tower of Druaga. The Tower of Druaga was the last one.
I know. I'm like, what? I said it was a killer.
There it was. Your ten songs. Bubble Bobble. Tempest. Burger Time. Crystal Castles. Frogger.
1943. Dig Dug. Zaxxon. Pengo. Tower of Druaga.
That was a killer, but Rob D., you made a good showing, and we appreciate your participation.
All right. Thanks for taking my call, and thanks for letting me participate.
As a consolation prize, a lifetime supply of Rice-A-Roni.
All right. Sounds great.
All right. Have a good one.
San Francisco treat. I know. I'll see you guys later.
All right. Later, buddy.
Rice Princess-A-Roni.
Rice Princess-A-Roni?
Yeah, sure.
All right. There you go.
All right.
Dark Tetsuya said he would have gotten five, and he knew the Tower of Druaga.
Looks like some folks knew Pengo. That was very good.
You know, Zaxxon sounded so familiar, and then I just had to think about it for a little bit.
I'm like, aw, crap.
That was a tough one, because I knew...
And by the way, I pulled all those games off GameTap earlier today,
because they have a bunch of those games,
and it's really easy for me to dump when the game is on the computer, the audio.
And when I picked Zaxxon at first, I was like, oh, it'll be easy to recognize.
And like I was playing, I was like, this is really hard.
Maybe I should switch it out, but no, I kept it in there.
But the Tower of Druaga, man, that's killer.
That was freaking killer.
Really cool. You should do old PC games or something like that,
because no one would get that stuff.
All right. Rob D. and Chad, he's back in Chad and yelling,
I'm pissed at myself for not knowing Tempest and Dig Dug.
I purposely put in some Xbox ones there, like Frogger and Dig Dug.
So there you have it.
We hope you enjoy Beat the Host.
How did you guys do? Would you have gotten all ten?
Would you have beat Loki? Only you know.
Be honest, no cheating on your honor.
All right, we've got a couple more gaming news stories for you guys,
and then we're going to get back into the phones,
take a couple more phone calls before we say good night.
And speaking of music, because we just played a game about video game music,
who doesn't love Koji Kondo, if you know who he is anyway?
He's the author.
Zelda.
Yeah, he made Legend of Zelda music, Star Fox, Mario.
I mean, the guy's a legend, right?
Well, he is going to be performing at Video Games Live
this year in San Francisco.
That's March 9th at 8 p.m.
That's the show during the Game Developers Conference,
which I may or may not be going to.
I'm still trying to work out some last-minute details.
I'm hoping to go to the Game Developers Conference
with the All Games crew, but we'll see.
Yeah, they did something like that in Japan,
where they actually had an orchestral concert of all the Nintendo music.
I guess there's words to the Epona song from Ocarina of Time
that this woman was opera singing.
It was pretty crazy.
There you go.
I really want to go just to see this.
I think it would be great.
A lot of the songs they play at a Video Games Live,
I don't know if I get, but I think it would be really cool.
I did not get into some of the LucasArts games like a lot of people did.
I do love Loom and Monkey Island, some of that stuff,
but apparently they're going to have some LucasArts stuff,
and apparently there's going to be a Contra presentation,
which should be interesting.
But when I think about Contra, I don't think about the music.
Does it just mean?
I don't know.
Some of the last games were pretty heavy metal,
which would be kind of cool to see for formula.
Oh yeah, Kira. That would be awesome.
All right.
Well, I guess we've got one more story for you guys tonight,
and then we're going to open up the Skype line, 877-GAME-OLR.
So the big story is Itagaki is working on something new
and something that doesn't have to do with boobies apparently.
Is it Day Rape?
No, it's not Day Rape.
He got it.
But here's the thing, though.
Everyone's thinking this is going to be a big thing,
but he did everybody party or every party or whatever,
so he has done different things.
So he's working on a new project that's not going to be DOA related.
He says, I'll be announcing such a game in the new future,
the title of the game aside.
It's like no other type of game I've ever made.
Hooray.
So I will have news about an amazing game soon.
Why?
We're back to that again.
Did you see me in Almond Joy here?
Oh, yay.
Oh, sorry.
We're on the air.
I love Almond Joy.
Coconut.
Dude, almonds.
Or as my dad would say, Ammon Joy.
Oh, it's shaped like an egg.
I can shove it up your ass.
You'd probably like that.
You have some ammons?
Some ammons?
That's what my dad's going to say.
You like ammons?
Ammons are crunchy?
You know they have a big ammon factory in downtown Sacramento.
Oh, yeah?
Diamond.
Have you ever driven by it?
Video game.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
We're on a video game show.
Well, I guess we should let some callers call in and direct the show otherwise.
1877 Game OLR.
There's always our Skype line username, OrangeLawnTradio.
There's more information on our website, www.orangelawntradio.com, by clicking on interact with us.
Let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on OrangeLawnTradio.
Who's this?
Raven's Dolphin.
Hi, Raven's Dolphin.
Oh, I got time to eat my egg here.
You like Almond Joys?
I love Almond Joys.
I know.
It's good stuff.
All right.
What's on your mind, buddy?
I was waiting for you to get to my call all night.
I was so excited to tell you that I knew that you pulled it off GameTab.
Nine out of the ten games are on GameTab.
Ten out of the ten games are on GameTab.
Really?
I just didn't want it to sound like, you know, I don't know, that they were like, they paid
us off to be.
No, I did it from GameTab because it's easy that way, to be honest.
And they do have a lot of classic games on there.
I like GameTab, especially Abe Lincoln Must Die.
I haven't even played that.
What the hell is that?
That sounds awesome.
That's the new Sam and Max episode.
Oh, no, I need to play the Sam and Max games.
If you played Sam and Max, you would know, does the carpet match the drapes?
I don't want to know the answer to that.
I seriously need to ban myself from World of Warcraft for a week so I can play some
of these computer games I've been missing.
Have you checked out Missed Online?
I haven't gotten missed through, but I heard it's great.
I want to.
Are you a fan of Missed?
Eddie?
I'm a huge fan of Missed.
I love Missed.
It's awesome.
And, yeah, it's cool.
I'm surprised you don't know about Missed Online then.
It just opened up on Valentine's Day.
I know.
Eddie has this, like, Christmas little boy face on right now.
Well, yeah, because I'm like probably the only person who still likes point-and-click
games where I'm like, oh, I missed.
Click games?
Point-and-click.
All right.
Ravenstaufen, one more question.
What else are on your mind tonight?
I got a phone to pick with Loki.
All right.
Loki, Ravenstaufen's going to pick your bones.
Ew.
All right.
What's on your mind?
Loki, you said about 15-inch television.
I own a 50-inch television and I'm not gay, and you said go buy a PC monitor.
I don't have money.
My mom said, here, have this 15-inch HDTV monitor.
Wouldn't you like it for games?
And I said, yes.
When in the hell did he say that 15-inch monitors made you gay?
I don't even remember saying that.
I never said that.
Oh, when you were on all games on Monday, you must have said it.
I don't even remember saying that.
You know what?
Scott totally sets us up to say mean things so we get angry listeners.
No, I think what I was saying, I think what I was saying, I can't remember.
I swear to God, every time I've been on that program, he tries to get me to talk about
another podcast.
Someone had a 15-inch LCD TV or whatever and they spent, I forget how much money on it,
and I said, well, you should just go buy a fucking monitor because they're a lot cheaper
and you can get a 19-inch or even a 21-inch or whatever and you can do HD on a PC monitor,
so just spend the money on that instead.
Yeah.
All right, well, there.
I never said gay, though, ever in that argument.
I said retarded but not gay.
I was improv-ing.
All right.
What else?
One more thing.
It's always one more thing.
All right.
It's your trademark, though.
You know?
Yeah.
You should have.
Do you have a Myspace Ravenstaufen?
Yes, I do.
Okay, yeah.
I was going to say, you need to get one and put a little picture of yourself on there
with little text underneath it that says, one more thing, and you should have a little
picture of you going with the hand.
One.
Of course.
All right.
Forget it.
What's your one more thing?
My headset is orange for Orange Lounge Radio.
Aww.
I just threw up in my mouth.
All right.
Thanks, Ravenstaufen.
You're cool.
You too.
Bye.
All right.
Take care.
Bye.
Let's go to another phone call.
What was that?
What the hell did I do there?
I have no idea.
I'm eagerly anticipating chicken shoot.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is Paradox Vincent.
Hi, Paradox Vincent.
What's on your mind?
Not much.
Not much?
Well, what the hell are you calling us for tonight?
What do you want to talk to us about?
I just think that on the Best Buy story, did that cover the internal, the whole scandal
on their big internal internet, the external internet website?
No, we did not cover that story.
What the hell is this about?
So the Best Buy, their internal is the external site?
What's this about?
Well, basically, I've heard that they'll offer sales on their external website, which
you can access from their home, and they'll say, oh, well, there's a sale on this, so
I want to go pick it up, this camera that's been discounted down to 130.
But then you go into the store and they won't let you have it.
Yeah, and then they say, oh, that sale ended at seven plus time, and you said, well, I
checked the website.
And they say, oh, the website must have been responding slowly.
Let's go check this one in store, and then they'll go check it and show you, see where
it ended at this date.
And I just think that too.
Well, to be fair paradox, Vincent, there's a lot of stores that do the online only deals,
like I've shopped at circuitcity.com, and I believe that's the site.
Please don't quote me on this, but I believe that's the site that won't show you what the
sale price is until you put it in your cart.
And then you have Walmart and Target both sell things on their website that they don't
even sell in the store.
The reason why they don't show you that price on there is because sometimes they will have
an agreement with the publisher or whoever that they have a minimum advertised price,
which they cannot advertise a price lower than that, or in other words, they won't get
their co-op dollars to advertise.
They get paid by these companies to advertise their products.
I am surprised, though, that Best Buy does not do price matching, because a lot of companies
will do price matching, where if you can bring in an ad from a competitor, they'll match
the price.
And I would think the Best Buy ought to be able to match itself.
And a lot of times Best Buy does retarded, though, because I went in for a camera that
was marked down and priced a couple hundred dollars, and they said they didn't have it,
but they were retarded because it was actually last year's model that it was marked down.
They had it in a shelf.
They had to actually open up a cabinet to get this thing out.
So, it might be just retarded for an employee.
I don't even think that they say that it's an online-only sale.
I really don't think that it is an online-only sale, and I just think that's really too shady
for anything.
Is it shady?
Yes.
Is it illegal?
No.
So, there's really not a lot we can do about it but take our dollars elsewhere.
Yeah, and I'm also really excited about the gold testing in Naperville, because I'm really
hoping that means they'll bring it out here and that the arcade in Arizona will get gold,
because it seriously needs an upgrade from that.
You know, again, he's talking about Beatmania 2DX Gold.
If you're a new listener to Orange Lounge, you don't know the Bimani music game scene.
He's talking about Beatmania 2DX Gold, which is basically the 14th release for Japan, the
first one they're testing in the arcades here, although they did put the game out as Beatmania
on U.S. consoles a while ago.
Yeah, you know, I think the machine does insanely well, which it has the potential to do.
I think you're going to have a lot of people driving in to play the machine from nearby
areas.
I think you're going to start seeing this.
The only blockade is going to be the machine.
It's still going to be one of the more expensive ones to purchase, but I think you're going
to see arcades around the areas take the plunge.
I'm sure the golf land chain, which is big on the West Coast, especially California,
Arizona, I'm sure they'll take the plunge.
They usually do with Bimani games.
I really wish they do.
I think that's what they might have been working on while they wanted to work on Beatmania
U.S. 2.
I think they might have, maybe?
Maybe they said, what the hell are we doing two separate games for?
Let's just make it the same.
I say, it's about time.
Yeah, I do think it's about time.
All right.
Well, Paradox Vincent, thanks so much for the call.
Take care, buddy.
We'll see you next time, all right?
All right.
Later.
Bye.
That was the NOS Cross, so they will bring the game to you very soon.
To all of us, because I would like to play 2DX Gold.
I don't know about you.
Lankystyle, you're a big fan of Beatmania 2DX, aren't you?
I used to be.
Did you hear about Beatmania 2DX Gold, testing over here in the U.S.?
Nope.
Oh.
What's that?
The 14th version.
Why did you stop playing Beatmania 2DX?
I've been doing other things.
Like, masturbating?
No.
Okay.
Like, writing a book?
Yes.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Whoa.
Hey, sorry to call in again, but I do have a couple of comments to make about games.
All right, well, Rob D., I suppose. As long as you're going to keep it on topic.
But no talking about amanjoys or I'll have to hang up.
I don't think you have to worry about that from me, but...
All right.
Okay, so, I don't know. You guys were talking about the Wii earlier and how it does have problems with games coming out
and the lack of games for it, for that matter.
I don't know. I think that all three consoles have trouble with games at this point.
Actually, yeah, they do all have trouble with games in some way, shape, or form.
The 360 has a lack of variety with its games.
If you're an RPG fan, if you're a fighting game fan, if you're a platformer fan,
I can't imagine you're too thrilled with the 360's game lineup.
True, and you just said Rice Princess right there, right?
Oh, my God, you're my hero.
This is why you have never been a big Microsoft fan, correct?
Pretty much, yeah.
Are you going to change your mind on 360 anytime soon?
No.
Not even Blue Dragon?
Nope.
All right. Sorry, Rob, did you keep going?
And then the Wii, obviously.
It just came out, but it does have some trouble with games right now.
I think a lot of third-party developers are unwilling to hop on the bandwagon
or were unwilling to hop on the bandwagon because of the odd nature of the controller,
and now I think by Christmas you'll see a lot more developers willing to give it a shot.
Do you think maybe it's just the time of year?
Because this is usually kind of a slow period for games.
We don't see a lot of big games start really hitting until summer.
Like come May, June, we'll start seeing more games in November.
Whoa, big flood of games.
Do you think maybe that's just part of it, why we feel a little bit robbed right now?
No pun intended.
Probably, but I think the E3 PowerPoint Expo in May will be very telling.
The PowerPoint Expo.
To see what people announce and see what people have for the Wii, the PS3, and the 360.
I'm hearing that the E3 Elitism Expo is actually supposed to be now possibly all the way to October.
Yeah, we'll see what happens with it. I honestly don't know that much about it yet.
And I call it the Elitism Expo because only the most elite of the gaming media
who has their mouths firmly on the cock of the various gaming companies out there
will get an invite to this.
And why didn't I get an invite?
I actually might be going to the Elitism Expo because...
Oh, really? Something you need to share with us here on the program.
Well, because distribution is in a whole different category.
Isn't it funny how no one's excited about E3 now?
Oh, fuck E3. Who gives a shit?
Well, there went our invite.
Well, it's no longer a rock star show like it used to be.
Actually, yeah, it's no longer a big show and rock star is never there anyway,
so we wouldn't see Grand Theft Auto.
Well, I meant rock stars and giant sound systems and that sort of thing.
Look, last year when I got diverted walking around the booth because of Paris Hilton,
I was pissed. I was so pissed. I was like, this show just makes me mad.
Although I did have a great time.
I did have a great time.
I did have a great time. It was really fun to play all the new games and talk about them,
but damn, Paris Hilton. I mean, man, fuck her.
She's everywhere.
Anything else, Rob?
I don't know. I think this Christmas is going to be very interesting.
I think the coming years are going to be very interesting
because the console race is really wide open this year, well, this generation.
What do you think?
The established leaders' problems are well documented.
Sony's got a lot of problems because they're trying to release a system
that's an all-in-one media center for $600 when all they want is a game machine.
We asked a lot of people in the program what the PS3 can do to get a bigger foot in the marketplace here
and get some of their love back from all these PS2 loyalists because they'll tell you,
I love my PlayStation 2, but I'm not so hot on the PlayStation 3.
I'm going to ask you, what will Sony do, you think?
I think we might see a price drop by this Christmas, honestly.
I don't know how they're going to survive otherwise.
I really don't. $600, $500.
It's a lot easier to convince kids' parents or even to convince 20- to 30-year-olds
or teenagers with jobs to get the 360, which is going to have a price drop.
You know that by this Christmas.
No question about that.
They're well overdue for one.
Or the Wii, which is $250.
You know what, though?
If worst comes to worst, though, you'll get your lame movie tie-in games that will sell like crazy.
Wasn't Cars the biggest selling game last year?
No.
Or something?
I don't know.
It was some lame movie tie-in game.
It was the highest selling game last year.
There was Madden. Madden's always the big one.
Movie tie-in stuff, I don't know.
Cars did okay, but it came out back in June.
Then the sales had already died by the time it came into Christmas.
Zappi says Cars was number three, Madden was number one.
I'm just saying, although there may not be a lot for us hardcore gamers,
the casual gamers and the kiddies, they do have a really big pull in this market we often neglect
when we're coming up with all these consensuses.
Yeah, but yeah, it is Sony, so who knows if they'll actually have that price drop.
We'll see. I hope so for their sake.
Because otherwise I don't know how they're going to...
Well, actually, again, the thing is we'll see where the Japanese developers go, too.
The ones that make the platformers, the RPGs, the fighting games, because they're not too high on Microsoft.
Well, at least they always have Ridge Racer.
Exactly. And the eye of judgment.
I know what they're going to do, Rob, to save themselves.
Sony's going to include a copy of Rainbow Island with the system.
That's a brilliant idea.
I know.
God, you should go work for Sony.
I shouldn't.
All right. Thank you, Rob, for the call.
All right, thanks for taking me again.
No problem. Have a good one.
I don't think you're showing anymore.
All right, no problem.
See you guys later.
Bye.
We just kind of hit the answer button on whoever's on deck, but unfortunately we got to call it a night.
We're running kind of long.
We took a bunch of calls in part A. We've had a lot of people on the show tonight.
Although we do appreciate all you guys calling in.
We're sorry to those digging through.
There were seriously like five people still hammering the line, so I'm so sorry to those of you guys.
We'll try to get you guys next week.
I'm sorry.
Do you want to do one real quick?
Yeah, sure, even though you just hung up on something.
Real, real, real freaking quick.
Okay, 60 seconds.
Orange House Radio, who's this?
Legend of Zaku.
All right, Zaku, get it out.
Just the fact that it's my understanding that the PS3 is just going to become that sinking ship, the Titanic.
Yes, it is.
As some would call it.
I'll never let go, Zaku.
I'll never let go.
Oh, please, yes.
All right, this will go on.
I'm just worried about, you know, honestly, you know, what I'm worried about right now is other games, you know, such as Crackdown, selling other things like, you know, for example, the Halo 3 Beta.
I mean, seeing that Crackdown is a really good game, I don't know if, you know, the Halo 3, all that hype might actually, you know, help the series in the long term.
Zaku, with the remaining 15 seconds, how can, I'll say, how can Sony get out of this mess minus the Final Fantasy 13?
Metal Gear Solid 4, does that depend?
Minus the two big ones.
Everybody knows about those.
Minus those two.
They need to get more downloadable content, more downloadable games.
Flow and Qbert, I think, are not cutting it right now.
So they need that and just, you know.
But what about Warlock?
Oh, yeah, that too, but you have to also consider that it needs to compete with the likes of the Xbox Live Arcade and the Virtual Console.
They need to get all their cards out just to be in the same footing.
You know what, they need achievement points.
That too.
All right, Zaku, got to let you go, but thanks so much for the call.
All right.
Later, buddy.
All right.
Bye.
That's it.
All right.
I just feel bad for this one.
Hi, who's this?
It's Ron Rowe.
You know, I'm still pissed that I was on a call coming up from a con while I missed an awesome show last week.
I'm sorry to hear that.
30 seconds.
Quick, con review.
Okay.
Con was great.
One of the guys in the chat, Mr. Wonderful, will be doing a complete con report for you guys in the chat by next week.
Also, to reiterate for Best Buy, yes, they do price next, but the trick is there's got to be a local store in the area.
How's that?
That's beautiful.
Thank you, Rama.
Later.
All our calls should be like that, seriously.
Wow, he's like-
Fucking in and out.
He knows the sound of it.
I know.
You just do that every time.
Like, get it out.
Beautiful.
Whip it out now.
30 seconds or die.
That'd be beautiful.
Okay.
All right.
I don't know what just happened there.
But I do know it's time to ask if there's any last minute stories.
Loki?
Loki has his hand out for a microphone.
Give me-
Anyways.
Yeah, there's going to be- I have some really small stuff.
Real quick.
Jasmine Toys announced Halo themed laser tag rifles.
So yeah, this Jasmine laser command line apparently is this brand that competes with the other laser tag rifles.
The other laser tag line out there.
You know, the cheap ass ones that you buy at KV Toys and stuff.
Laser cats.
Speaking of which, their minds-
Now that's what- God damn it, right there.
That's what the PlayStation 3 needs.
Laser cats.
Laser cats the game.
Show of hands.
If they put out laser cats the game on the PlayStation 3, who would buy?
All the hands in the room are up.
My feet are up too.
Oh my God.
There it is.
Dude, somebody put a phone call into Sony right now.
Dude, look up Sony's number.
Can we call them right now?
No.
And speaking of which, we need to go play laser- or play QZR soon.
Alright, fine.
QZR trip.
Dude, laser cats the game could save the PlayStation 3.
Oh my God.
I want a laser cat.
I really do.
Nobody knows what we're talking about, do they?
Oh my God, they totally should.
Paradox bits in chat.
Hands, feet.
SSJ 100 mat.
Laser cats over Thunder cats.
Act deaf says nope.
No.
No, they should just have a laser cat's cover for the Wiimote.
There you go.
Alright, sorry to interrupt.
Anyway, let's make one.
What's up on eBay?
Just like cut out a stuffed animal cat.
Just like take the stuffing out of a stuffed animal cat and like slide it over the Wiimote.
No, we're going to go further.
We're going to get an actual cat, you know, a taxidermist to make one.
Meow, meow, meow.
Hey Eddie, you forgot one thing.
I just started using laser cats again.
I love laser cats.
Oh, God.
We should be designing games.
And cats.
Let's quit the show and start orange lounge games, even though that Konami might sue us
over that.
We'll just start, you know, orange.
Tabby cat.
Or, I don't know, we'll start, you know, peach lounge games or something.
That's terrible.
How about sunrise?
Yeah, there you go, sunrise.
I don't know.
Tangerine.
Or Irene Mooney Me.
I don't know.
All right.
Okay.
Anything else, Loki?
That's about it.
All right.
We're dorks.
Gaming nerd says a samurai laser cats.
Samurai laser cats.
I used to watch that cartoon.
Joshi says orange soda lounge games.
There you go.
Orange crush lounge games.
Oh, my God.
That would be another copyright infringement.
I do it once.
All right.
Anyway.
I know.
Moving on, it's time to go around and get everybody's final thought.
Rice Princess, thanks for being here and ruining the show with your dry wit.
As always, your final thought.
Dry wit, what?
Well, I was thinking of this very serious, poignant matter.
It's about time.
Yeah.
Eddie, your final thought.
Hot tubs are cool.
Pervert.
Dark Sakura, your final thought.
I hate people.
Loki, your final thought.
Oh, sorry.
Blue mittens.
Loki, your final thought.
Guess reject false icons.
Fuck the reject false icons.
Worship those false icons like never before.
Bow down to the golden cow.
Oh, my God.
Don't listen to the Moses scene, yeah.
I've got a golden calf, yeah.
My final thought is, am in joy.
Thank you guys so much for tuning into and supporting Independent Radio.
Please leave us a five-star retune on iTunes.
Please leave us a dig.
What do we have to do?
I will send Rice Princess over there to make love to you, if that's what it takes.
It's getting hot.
You should declare your love for Rice Princess in a five-star iTunes review.
Actually, I got a message from Speedy F40.
It says, tell Rice Princess that I still have a crush on her because she sounds like a freak.
Oh, that's kind of scary.
There's going to be a love triangle going on here.
Oh, my God.
With who?
All right.
With Stacia.
Do you like farting?
What?
Because you need to like that to be with Rice Princess.
Well, Rice Princess will choose who her heart belongs to based on who leaves the most five-star
iTunes reviews.
There you go.
Who sends me golden wow?
No.
In all seriousness, actually, remember what our new marketing director said.
Tell two people about Orange Lawns Radio.
That's all we ask.
Then, if those two people tell two more people.
Oh, my God.
Are you Ron Pupil?
Like, if you tell someone, we'll give you a free food night.
We'll throw in a free and enjoy A.
That's already been eaten because we eat them.
I'll autograph it and put it on eBay.
It'll sell for millions.
It'll sell for nothing.
All right.
We really need to end the show now, so cue the outgoing music, please.
Cue cue.
You've been listening to Orange Lawns Radio.
Orange Lawns Radio is an Orange Lawns production.
For more information on our live and podcast program, visit our website at www.orangelawnsradio.com.
See you next week.
