Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 219 for this February the 11th of 2007.
If you're downloading this on our audio archive, also known as podcasting, welcome to the program.
Keep in mind we tape this live on Sunday nights at 6 o'clock on our website, www.orangeloungeradio.com.
You can hear the show rebroadcast in its entirety before it hits the podcast stream at allgames.com
Monday nights at 530 Pacific and Tuesday mornings at 9 a.m. Pacific, or you can just wait until
Wednesday or Thursday-ish when the show Part B makes it to the audio archive, whatever
works for you.
See, Orange Lounge Radio, we have multiple ways to get you the show that you've come
to listen to, and we thank you for tuning into and supporting our program.
You supporting independent radio are a real winner.
Rob, where's the tape recorder that you're taping the show on?
It's all in my brain.
In the 80s?
Back in the day, I used scripts for all this stuff.
I don't even use them.
It's all in my brain.
I think your tape recorder is in the 80s where it belongs.
By the way, if this is your first time listening to Orange Lounge Radio, it is a little bit
of an off night tonight, and I blame our guests.
But Dark Soccer is going to rescue us with some gaming news.
I don't want to.
You must.
Help.
You're our only help.
Okay, how about this?
It's movie news.
That works.
As long as it's not Uwe Boll.
Shut up!
Yes, it's going to be one of those shows tonight.
Rob.
What?
Rob.
What?
Rob.
I quit.
Okay, so Sony.
Good, my show now.
Hi, you're listening to Jamie Lounge Radio.
No.
Did you hear that?
That's the sound of a thousand people unsubscribing.
There you go.
You know what?
That's the sound of my finger raised in tribute to you.
Video game news.
Do we ever do it on this program?
Sony is making a Metal Gear movie produced by, was it the one who's producing the Ghost
Rider movie?
That is very cool stuff.
It was actually announced by Studio Kojima at last E3 and basically as far as what's
been quoted is that it's going to be a very, okay, this makes no sense.
They're talking about a cinematic game, but they were talking about a movie.
I don't get it.
Well, because Metal Gear Solid is a very cinematic game.
So basically they're saying because it's a cinematic.
Oh, I misread it.
That was me.
Yeah, because it's a very cinematic game, it lends itself to a movie very simply.
Very well.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I completely, apparently I forgot how to read in my weekend area.
That's why we're only, you know, that's why we're amateur radio.
That's why we don't get paid for this.
Whatever.
Don't make me feel worse.
Anyway.
But yeah, I'm actually voting for the ride in sequel.
The ride in sequel?
Yeah.
What?
UFO ending?
What?
No.
Dog ending?
No.
That's the Silent Helmet movie, not Metal Gear.
So does that mean we're going to speculate about who's going to be playing all of the
roles in the movie?
Well garsh, Rice Princess, if you were to cast the Metal Gear Solid movie, who would
you cast in the role of Snake?
A snake?
No, I would cast, why can I not?
Matt Damon, because he plays everybody.
Or Ben Affleck.
Matt Damon.
Ben Affleck.
Ben Affleck.
Because apparently people think that he's such a universal actor that he can play any
role ever.
No, I know, I know who I want it to be.
The guy who's his voice actor.
David Tennant?
No, David Hayter.
Ah.
Yeah, okay, I'm pulling up pictures of him and he's actually really cute and he would
actually make a good snake.
See here he is.
As long as Loki plays- I'm going to send it to the chat room.
As long as Loki plays the role of Tingle.
That's according to GS68.
Well no, because keep in mind, David Hayter, actually David Hayter wrote the first two
X-Men movies, but he was also Solid Snake's voice actor, plus he's pretty freaking, he
looks kind of like Snake too.
DJ Jenai wins.
He says Paul Reubens should play Snake.
Yeah, apparently it's the Hollywood Reporter saying that Columbia Pictures is now currently
negotiating the rights to mill your solid- Columbia is owned by Sony, so not a big surprise
there.
Anyways, what is kind of a big surprise though is Rockstar's brand new game, Manhunt 2, is
coming to the Wii as well as Playstation 2 and PSP.
For those who didn't play Manhunt 1, in Manhunt you actually play a psychopathic killer who
has basically egged on to kill people in very violent ways, using everything from trash
bags to shards of glass, and well, I guess we will actually get a murder simulator, which
is awesome, and it's going to be very violent.
Wait, so you can use a trash bag to kill someone?
Yes, and it's great because you can use- Let's demonstrate in studio how that's done.
Irene, if you would just sit still for a minute.
Just kidding, we here at Orange Laundry do not endorse the actual killing of actual people.
And then of course this got announced on February 6th, which just so happened, ironically enough,
and I'm sure this is just pure coincidence, happened to be the anniversary of apparently
a murder that was sought to be blamed on the original Manhunt game apparently.
There was a 2004 incident where a kid, Steven Pacara, age 14, was murdered by his friend
Warren LeBlanc, age 17, and of course they blamed the actions on the game, which was
later disproved in court, but parents either way are still kind of pissed off that they
made this announcement on the anniversary of that.
Hooray!
More murder games!
I love this, and fuck those parents.
Those parents are just jealous that they didn't think of it first.
So you know what?
Manhunt 2, hell yes.
Wow.
I apologize if I mispronounce this name.
Kai Hate Wireless says, Manhunt 2 will get Wii recalls at Walmarts and Targets nationwide.
Mike W says, murder games suck.
Raven's Dolphin says, Manhunt for the Wii.
For the win, FTW.
Well, we shall see.
Is Manhunt 2 a game that interests you?
Dark Soccer, because you said earlier in the program you want games with more blood and
more violence, and I don't know, killing people with a trash bag with your Wii mote.
I think that that would be a very interesting place to time.
I think that it should be Ultimate PMS Revenge, the game.
Alright.
She just doesn't like the title because it has man in it.
Well, no, because that could also be women taking revenge off of male oppression.
What if they called it Man Cunt?
Would that appeal to you then?
No, because then I'd start thinking of someone who's pre-op transgendered or something.
Oh, god, I just threw up in my mouth.
Let's switch topics to a Zorro game on the way to the Wii.
Pronto Games is going to be bringing the destiny of Zorro to the Wii this holiday season.
This was announced by Pronto Games.
Pronto President and Creative Director Randy Angle said they hope to bring the player,
quote, fully into the moment of Zoroness.
This game is currently planned as a Wii exclusive.
You know what that is?
I swear to god, that's a quote.
Fully into the moment of Zoroness.
Ron, you have killed Irene.
She is laughing to death.
That's what it says.
What would that be, like the 1920s?
You all know that with that wiimote, you're going to have to do that stupid make a Z with
your wiimote.
How many times in the game do you think you're going to be required to go with a wiimote?
I think that's the only point of the game.
That's what you do.
The objective is you try to make the Z.
That's the game.
That's how you fully embrace the Zoroness, is pfft, pfft, pfft.
Yeah, and at the same time, you can fully embrace the Zoroness for buying the game.
You know, they call him the gay blade.
Oh, really?
DJ, it's a new Zor...
Whatever.
DJ Jenai says, Zo, really?
It's like this, Rob, it's just, it's like...
Three snaps in Z formation?
Did Loki just do three snaps in Z formation?
I think that he did.
Slash, slash, slash.
What's going on?
I give this game two snaps, a twist, and a kiss.
I would not be buying this game.
This is the single gayest show we've ever done.
By the way, if...
It's so gay that they'll be downloading rainbows.
By the way, if you are listening for the first time, and you're like, that's wrong, I'm gonna
call GLAAD on these people.
Two of us are gay, so it's okay that we make these jokes.
Me being one of them, Eddie the Gay being the other.
So just...
Casper the Gay, Eddie the Gay, whatever, you're gay.
Gay the Gay.
Gay the gayest gay that ever gayed with his gay blade on the Zorro gay game.
I can really...
DT said I just won the internet.
Except for Rob.
Dude, when I ever eat breakfast, I poop out the internet, so don't worry about that.
Have you mastered your gay blade, Eddie?
Rob has the gay blade, and he bought it at Disneyland.
Let's go back to video game news, shall we?
Before we lose.
Tonight, it's how many subscribers can we lose?
Speaking of gay, I'm sorry.
Transformers.
How about some news about Transformers?
There's a Transformers game being put out by Activision on PS3, Xbox 360, Wii, PS2,
and PC.
That's a lot of P's trying to say that five times fast.
We have the PSP and DS versions that are going to be handled by Savage and Vicarious Visions.
Wait, they're going to be handled by a Savage?
The Transformers are being handled, you know.
I figured if we could have a transforming tape deck, we could have a vibrator.
And that will get me to another topic today, because I actually looked at the Transformers
movie poster today and about cried.
Yeah, it's actually being handled by Randy Macho Man Savage.
Oh, yeah!
Snap into a Transformer!
That was awful!
I love that he plays Space Ghost Grandpa.
Oh, yeah!
On Space Ghost Ghost to Ghost.
I will actually be doing the rest of the night as Randy Macho Man Savage.
Oh, yeah!
You can't know, Rob.
Oh, no!
Oh, no!
Naughty, naughty, Kool-Aid!
So when are you going to start, Rob?
Because that's awful.
So how about that Transformers game, huh?
Sure.
The Transformers game, you'll be able to either play as an Autobot or Decepticon, and you
would have to master each character's weapon, moves, transformations, and you'd have to
be able to switch between the, of course, vehicle and robot mode.
You can tear up the world around you, you can smash shit, and you can blow shit up.
And that makes it an awesome game already.
Woo-hoo!
Traveler's Tales, by the way, I believe that they are the ones releasing it.
They also had that Lego Star Wars game.
And also had that stupid Bionicle game, as well.
But the Lego Star Wars game was fun.
Perhaps Lego Transformers?
No?
I don't know, but I freaking saw that poster today and wanted to cry again, but I am going
to see Ghostwriter.
Anyways, so the PSP, they just updated the firmware from 3.10 to 3.11, adding brand new
functionality like a fix to some of the R-Type games and a reset button for the emulator.
And well, as you might have guessed, as soon as they got it released out there to the world,
it was cracked and broken apart, and yeah, yet another firmware that's been released
by Sony and cracked the same day.
So hooray, your attempts at foiling homebrew have failed yet again.
I don't even care.
Did you say that this is version 3.1.1?
3.1.1.
Someone cracked our system, down, down, they took it down, down, down, down, sorry.
You know what, it's one of those shows, this is 3.1.1, the last three reviews that we've
had on the station.
This is the show we're submitting to the Podcast Emmys, by the way, just so you know.
Vote for us on Digg and Podcast Allie, and tell them you loved episode 219.
Anyhow, Will Wheaton, who can save a show, but who doesn't love Will Wheaton?
Oh my God, Will Wheaton is awesome.
Will Wheaton blogged this week on suicidegirls.com, and he was blogging about the arcades.
I urge you to check this out, it was one of those reminiscing posts, he's talking about
how he loves the arcades, and he loved the arcades back in the 80s, and he asked himself,
what happens to the arcades?
And he talks about, well, he thinks that because of PC gaming, and now he can spend 40 bucks
to play a game at home, why would you spend a dollar on a game now?
But what I thought was most interesting about this is his perspective on what should they
do?
And he thought in the last paragraph of his statement here, he thinks that some billionaire
should come out and open a chain of classic 1980 videos arcades, complete with the Journey
game and Rush on the Jukebox, more reasons why I love Will Wheaton, by the way, love
him, and that you get five tokens for a dollar, and he says, why not?
You had a resurgence of 50s diners in the 80s, so why not a resurgence of classic 80s
arcades in the new millennium?
What do you think?
If they opened up a classic 80s arcade, would you go and would you patronize it?
Yeah, or I could play MAME in my garage.
Well, if they had the Journey game, I wouldn't.
I would be camped out in front of the machine all day.
I would have the high score.
No, the Journey game is awesome.
The Journey game is awesome.
But you know what?
You know where you get to play that is a classic gaming expo?
They need to have like food there too, though.
It would have to be like old school Chuck E. Cheese, you know, back there.
Isn't that kind of what Dave & Buster's is, though?
Sort of, yeah.
Yeah.
But Dave & Buster's is way damn expensive.
I mean, they have just way too many ticket games there that cost way too much to win
prizes that are, you know, okay, more expensive, but still, they have to spend more money.
So I don't know.
Hold on.
I have to set the mood here a little bit.
Oh, yeah, this shit takes me back to the days of Asteroids and Ms. Pac-Man.
Can you imagine walking into an arcade and you got Journey blasting on the...
Man, this takes me back.
You love this song.
You know it.
You just don't want to admit it, right, Princess?
Anyhow, well, we've welcomed Wil Wheaton's opinion onto the program.
How about your opinion?
You guys send us emails every week to mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com, and last week we
complained we didn't get enough emails, so I think we actually got quite a few more emails
this week, so we're very proud of the listeners.
We hope we get more next week, so mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com.
You hope we get more.
Let's get Dark Sakura to open up the mailbag and read some emails.
Email, email, email, checking the email.
First one comes from Apollo-chan saying, hey there, Dark Sakura.
Oh, it's to me.
Wow.
I hope all is well with you and the rest of the crew.
I was just curious if you or any of the other members of the OLR crew happen to have a Facebook
account.
If you are not familiar with Facebook, think MySpace, except less tacky and more respectable
atmosphere.
It began as a university-only networking site, but now it's open to everyone.
If you all are not members, I would like to suggest that you at least give it a look.
Also, there's an OLR Facebook group called Orange Dodge Radio Fans, the OLR me, that
I started a while ago, and I just thought it might be good to let you all know in case
you weren't aware.
That way, you could better promote it.
Just another vessel for spreading the OLR gospel.
Love, love, love the show.
You all make me amazingly happy, so keep up the good work and have a great week, Apollo.
PS, I'm sure you all will be talking about the 2DX testing in Illinois on next week's
show.
Isn't that super exciting?
There you go.
You listen to part A. I'm excited, but I don't think it's going to catch, but we'll see.
It's better than nothing.
Well, I signed up for a Facebook account just for this, and I'd heard about Facebook before
because I have friends that are still in college, like one of my really good friends, his sister.
We're all on Facebook at the college there.
She goes to Vassar, and every single student there, I think, has a Facebook account.
Isn't that like a textile college?
No, no, no, no.
I think it was a woman's college back in the day, but it's a very pretty campus, though,
but that's regardless.
Does anyone from Vassar listen to the program?
You should send me an email.
I actually was there a couple months ago.
Anyway, that's not the point.
The point is we have an Orange Lounge Radio community on Facebook, and you can find it
by searching for Orange Lounge Radio, and I actually signed up for a Facebook account,
and yeah, it's kind of like Myspace without the page customization and all that weird
stuff that brings Myspace to a strange level, but what I think is really interesting is
that you update people of your status.
So for those of you that remember Jonas, aka Explicit, that came onto this program, he's
on my friend's page, and it told me last night, Jonas is out at a party, and I was like, wow,
that's amazing that the internet tells me these things.
Amazing what the internet has accomplished.
I think it's awesome that somebody else created this community and that people were already
joining it before we even got an email on it.
So big hug and kisses to you guys out there.
Well, our next email actually comes from, let me see, from Stacy.
It says, hello, I've been listening to the Orange Lounge station for about a week now,
and I have a question about the playlist.
It seems that the majority of the songs are from DDR or BeatMania or from other similar
games.
There were very few, very, very few songs that weren't dance, eurobeat, et cetera.
Why is it advertised as a station dedicated to video games when there's no bias toward
dance type games?
From what I read on the site, I understand that it started out as being a tribute to
those kinds of games, but now, aside from the shows, there's very little to distinguish
it from the typical dance station.
So if this sounds like an attack, it really is, and I'm generally curious about this.
I think we just haven't filtered out a lot of the old stuff.
Yeah.
That's the majority of the stuff, because they were all there before.
To be honest, well, we did do a pretty big reshuffle when we went to MP3 Pro about a
year and a half ago, but I think that's what's been high rated, and there are other places
out there where you can hear just regular gaming music, but I find that a lot of the
orchestral gaming music can kind of be like, not that it's bad or anything, but without
the game there, it doesn't make for the most entertaining radio.
We try to keep the music that's in our rotation upbeat a little more, but certainly it could
use some help in getting the music buffed up with some other picks that are very upbeat.
So certainly we welcome your suggestions on music we could add to the stream.
The really bizarre stuff was from me, by the way.
Keep in mind, though, we still feel justified in calling ourselves radio dedicated to video
gaming because of the live shows that we do, which is really the focus of the station.
I have to be honest, even though the 24-7 music program is what's there most of the
time, it's actually the lowest on our priority chain.
We're more into bringing you guys the live interactive stuff than just a bunch of MP3s
on shuffle, to be honest.
So we're glad that somebody is listening to live stream, though, and caring, and certainly
we'll take another look at what's in rotation and maybe try to liven it up a little.
Next email comes from XenionELDDR, this is my first time writing, and first of all, I
want to say that your show is awesome and continue the good work.
Smiley.
Well, the reason I am writing is because I have a question on a certain comedy game that
has piqued my interest as of late, as learning if Konami's Oz will ever be released in America.
I know that the game is about a year and a half old, but I've seen YouTube video with
an English dubbed French, I think text version of the game, and I think that they would try
to put English text in the game because I, for one, would wait until they were done putting
the text in and buy it with no questions asked.
I also ask this because I'm considering buying the import version if it does not make it
overseas, or if there is a way to try to persuade Konami of America to releasing it over here,
because I need to buy an import PS2, and if not, as you can really see, I want this game,
but not only because this is a run-on sentence that's never-ending, this game, but I've always
wanted to try out popin' music and other 2DX games besides the English one I own.
Period!
Thank you.
Hopefully you can help me out, and thank you for taking the time to read this email.
Again, your show rules.
Thank you.
That was a really big, freaking long run-up.
I'm not trying to poke or anything, it's just like...
That's why no one emails us.
Punctuation!
Tell me when I can take a breath.
Pause on PlayStation 2 is not going to come out in this country, and I don't think there's
a lot that can be done at this point because PlayStation 2 is slowly being phased out,
so unfortunately you're probably going to have to import that one.
But I don't think it's ever a bad idea to certainly petition the game makers for the
games you want to see.
Send emails, let them know.
I know a company like Konami, they're somewhat out there reading some of the stuff out there
on the internet, so I'm not saying you should go on a board and bitch about it, but send
emails.
They do care.
And that goes with any gaming company, not just Konami, but any gaming company.
Let them know, you want to see it here.
The next one is actually a link that was sent to us by JeremyTodd1, which I think is actually
pretty cool.
Apparently the folks at Xbox Magazine used Miis for the staff picture, so they were doing
their nod toward Nintendo, and it actually is...
If you go to gonintendo.com slash wp-content slash photos slash miioxm.jpg, you can see
the image.
It's been the last two issues.
Unfortunately I get the magazine.
Originally I signed up for it to get demos because I was like, ooh, ooh, you know, time
shift demo.
That's not out yet.
Unfortunately the last few demos have all been crap, so that kind of sucks.
Well why the sudden appearance of Miis in the magazine?
Is that just furthering that odd affection that Microsoft has for Nintendo right now,
like all these subtle comments?
They want to recreate pictures of themselves.
But using your competitors, because essentially Nintendo is still their competitor, because
even though Microsoft might have somehow embraced this Wii 16, I mean, it's odd because you
see Major Nelson says nice things about the Wii in his blog, Trixie, I've read her thing
on xbox.com, she said nice things about the Wii at one point, and it's kind of like Microsoft
kind of has this professional respect for the Wii, but that doesn't seem to be reciprocated
by Nintendo.
I mean, there might be a respect, but Reggie has flat out said, don't buy a 360, buy more
Wii games, essentially, in so many words.
So it's just kind of interesting that Microsoft keeps handing these olive branches over to
Nintendo, like, hey, let's fight Sony together.
Weird.
I think that maybe they're just trying to screw with the consumer's heads.
GS68 in our chat room says, come on, Reggie, make love, not war.
So how about the next email, huh?
How about it?
Dear OLR, Hi guys, DDR Dollar Bill here, and probably changing my name in the future, long
story.
In spirit, as long as I'm not going to be in the chat room on Sunday, my crazy self
is in Vegas doing some partying with my family and probably a few hundred crazies.
Lucky.
But I do have one thing I'd like to ask.
While I was making my pre-reserve for DDR Universe, I had a glance at the future release's
date list.
Even took home a copy, it helps knowing friends at GameStop, and sell Guitar Hero 2.
Now, I know this is most likely will be a port of the PS2, but we had a discussion about
the rumor of Guitar Hero having a future release of all 80 songs.
True or not, it did get me thinking, would having music games concentrate on a certain
genre make them more appealing to the mass market?
Would it also make it more interesting for those already addicted to the games themselves?
It's just my thought of the week.
Anyhoo, there's my $2 to the show, I hope you all have fun, and it goes to the chat
room buddies as well.
DDR Dollar Bill.
Nope.
It won't make them appeal the more people know why.
Seems to be working for Karaoke Revolution.
Country?
No, it sucked.
I thought it was pretty cool.
I played it, and I don't even like country music.
It was awful.
I liked it.
It was a good game.
Then again, I have a huge distaste for country music.
I want to say a response to the Guitar Hero 80 songs thing.
Rumor and emphasis on rumor is that some of the downloadable packs will have some of the
Guitar Hero 1 songs in them, but I bet you 10 to 1 you would have an easier time seeing
the indie label stuff crossover than you would the major label stuff crossover, because they're
going to have to re-license and all that stuff.
I think they would have to.
So you'd have a better chance of seeing some of the harmonics house bands, or freeze pop,
things like that coming over from Guitar Hero 1 than some of the licensed tracks, but that's
not a no.
That's just a rumor says right now.
Moving on, hey OLR people, particularly Rob.
So I bought an Xbox 360 some months ago, and my roommate bought a Wii at launch.
We love many of the games on the systems, but I think that it's time I bought myself
a good gaming PC to play some games that I've never been able to play before, and I have
decided to go with Commodore 64.
You win the internet.
Who is this?
You win the internet.
You'll see.
All right.
I understand you know a bit about that particular machine, and I was wondering if there's anything
you recommend I look for when going out and buying one.
Kickstart.
Make sure it works.
Are there particular cables and things that I need to make sure I get, or particular accessories
or games that you recommend I look for?
I was thinking about how all of the current next gen consoles offer extra features like
media playback and use in weather channels, and I realized that the C64 can be used as
a musical instrument, so it's a good contender for my next game platform.
Thanks in advance.
Regards, Warrior Bob.
You rock, Warrior Bob.
You can hook up a Commodore 64 to a television.
I'm trying to remember, it's been so long, and I had a monitor.
I never hooked up the Commodore 64 to a TV, but I seem to remember the hookups were very
similar.
The video component was almost the exact same between the two, so you might need some type
of special converter, though, to actually hook it up to a television.
Did you guys have Commodore 64s?
I thought Rice Princess did.
No, but you know who did?
Who?
Captain Kirk.
Look, Rice Princess.
Shut up.
You had a Commodore 64, right?
Yeah.
Did you have it hooked up to a TV?
No.
Do you remember if there were special cables?
I can't remember.
I can't remember either.
I know.
It's been so long.
What about games that you remember on the Commodore 64?
Impossible Mission.
Dude, Impossible Mission was awesome.
What was that game, The Last Ninja, or Revenge of the Ninja, or something that game was?
That game was awesome.
Revenge of the Ninja was on the Game Boy.
I think it's The Last Ninja, is what it was called.
Revenge of the Ninja was on the Sega CD.
It was a cinematic game.
Lazy Jones was a fun game, because that was a bunch of mini games.
Load Runner.
It's better than Fusion Frenzy.
I can't remember.
We had nations on Mars or something, like they were the Mars Zoggers.
Pinball Construction Set.
That game's awesome, too.
Oh, shut up!
It's awesome!
It does not require a special monitor, it can be plugged into a TV.
That's what it says on Wikipedia.
I was going to say, though, Kickstart.
That is the only game I ever played on the Commodore 64.
Is that the one with the button, and you kick with the little clown, and you kick the balloons
around the screen?
No, it's a dirt bike racing game.
Oh, I'm thinking of a different game.
It's very similar to Excitebike.
Kickman!
Never mind.
Excite, it is very similar to Excitebike, so Kickstart.
Gotta get that game.
Winter Games.
Winter Games.
Bard's Tale.
Oh, GameTap has a lot of Commodore 64 games on it, so if you want to try some out, GameTap
has a bunch.
I'm trying to find the game that I used to play all the time.
I thought it was Bard's Tale, but I tried to look it up, and all the ones that I came
up with did not look anything.
What was that game?
The Seven Scrolls, or whatever that game was?
No, all I remember is a miasmal cur from the game.
That's the only thing that sticks out in my mind.
Well good luck with your Commodore 64 adventures, and you have to try GEOS at some point.
GEOS?
See the Commodore 64 as a Mac.
Oh, God.
Dude, the Commodore 64 was awesome.
I love the Commodore 64.
There's a picture on Wikipedia.
Just about any arcade game that was out in the early 80s had a port on the Commodore
64.
You name it.
Donkey Kong, Kongo Bongo, whatever, it's out there.
And Captain Kirk did have one.
There was a Star Trek game on the Commodore 64, you smartass.
Yeah, he had one in Star Trek II.
Let us know what Commodore 64... In fact, I would urge all our listeners at some point
this week, because there is a website where you can play Commodore 64 games.
I can't remember what the hell it was.
Maybe somebody in chat remembers.
There was some site that had nothing but Java Commodore 64 games, so you can play a ton
of them online.
I urge everyone to play one Commodore 64 game this week, and check out the roots of PC gaming.
Definitely make it an impossible mission.
Okay, so speaking of the Commodore 64, who had a TI-85?
I know what they are, but I didn't have one, because we had a Commodore 64.
They were better.
I had a Coleco, I had an Atom.
Anyway... And if you had an Apple II, I'm sorry.
We had one at my school, and I played a lot of Kix, and that was all I cared about.
Somebody in our chat room, Kamara, says Lemon64.com.
I've never seen this site.
This isn't the same site I use, but it looks like this will work.
I think you can do this.
I'm going to try it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
This comes from Cutie Honey.
I just got two things to say this time.
I recall a comment at the end of the Sunday show where Rob said that the show needs more
gay people.
Well, I guess you can count me as the O.O.
Army's first bisexual.
Pleasure to meet you guys.
I'm sorry you've been... You're beaten to that from show one.
Sorry.
Second, on a completely different note, two weeks ago you guys started a discussion about
games that have too many sequels and remakes.
In chat, I brought up the fact that DDR had many games, and suddenly a ton of people went
crazy.
A fun kind of crazy, mind you.
Wait, wait, wait.
Bisexual male or female?
Male.
Over 18?
Single?
Did he attach a picture?
No.
Just kidding.
I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
Rob, can I finish the email?
I'm sorry.
It's Valentine's Day, and I'm single.
Rob, it's not Valentine's Day.
Do you know what I'm doing on Valentine's Day?
Crochets.
Having my neck adjusted and going to school.
Fun.
How romantic.
Anyway, can I finish reading the email, please?
Yes, you may.
Okay.
Where was I?
Oh, yeah.
So, here's the burning question.
Do you think Konami beats a dead horse by releasing several Bimani games each year with
only different song lists?
Excuse me.
I blame the orange soda for that.
Although I'm not helping the situation by buying every PS2 DDR game that gets released,
it's kind of annoying to see some new features like battle mode added when you have to ask
yourself why didn't they add it last year.
The cheap rational bastard in me would rather like a DDR game that has over 150 songs in
it with more modes graphical upgrades in 2008 than a 70-song game with two new dancing avatars
later this year.
Anyway, thanks for your time.
I spent an hour going to school on public transportation, and your podcast keeps it
from being boring.
Keep up the good work, cutie honey.
All right.
Wait, no honey fresh?
No?
I thought that was going to be all that she was planning for.
You know, I think the Bimani games coming out very similar every year with different
song lists.
Keep in mind there's new modes.
Usually, Konami tries to throw something new in it every time, whether it be the single
player mission master or the hands and feet or whatever new thing they did.
But I would say it's no different than the Madden 06, 07, 08 games that come out.
And some people don't get that just like some people don't get the DDR games that come out
every year.
I think it's just kind of if you're into that, then you kind of accept that as part of what
the games go through each year with the change.
So that's what I say.
With the new songs come new step charts and new challenges, you know, I don't know.
But see, from the other perspective, ask somebody who doesn't play DDR as much as I do and they
probably think, it's stupid.
It's the same game every time.
And you know, that's just, you know, that's how some of us, what some of us say about
Madden is that, you know, it's roster update 2007.
Well, you know, we don't really play those games, so we don't understand.
So I try not to say that if I do, it's in jest.
It actually in the beginning with DDR, it used to have a lot of significant changes
with each one.
You know, the first I remember, you know, with Fifth Mix, you had the actual tempo freezes,
which was like, you know, when you first played, you're like, what the fuck?
You know, the song stopped.
Someone broke the machine.
Oh, it started up again.
So that was kind of neat.
And then, of course, you had tempo changes, you know, and Fourth Mix and stuff like that.
And then, you know, with Max, you had freeze notes, which, you know, were definitely different
at the time.
I don't know.
So they keep, they try to keep it pretty fresh with each one.
But you know, after a while, they do start looking very similar.
Dude, I got a friend request on Facebook.
The show rocks.
Is it a hot gay man?
No, it's not.
No hot gay man?
Oh.
No.
That was the last email, so.
Straight man.
Yep.
But a cool one.
Yeah.
What's your Facebook address, Rob?
You don't have addresses on Facebook.
You have to look me up by name.
But I use my stage name, Rob Roberts.
Really?
So it's easy to find me on Facebook.
That's cool.
Jamie, you should get a Facebook, too.
That's kind of fun.
That's okay.
I have.
Oh, I got another one, too.
Look at this.
Oh, I'm popular.
Yay.
All right.
Speaking of popular, you know what game is popular out there?
Gears of War.
I mean, everyone's got a big heart on over Gears of War.
Except for me, because I don't really like the game.
But anyways, it did win eight awards at the 10th Annual Interactive Achievement Awards.
And these aren't like achievement points, but you know, whatever.
It did win a bunch of different awards, including Game of the Year, Best Console Game, Best
Animation, let's see here, among some other ones here, Best Outstanding Character Performance
of a Male, Best Online Gameplay, Best Visual Engineering, and Action Adventure Game of
the Year.
Surprise.
You know, Gears of War wins more awards.
What?
No, I'm actually with Loki, I mean, eh, you know, I could care less.
Why?
Well, Gears of War is a phenomenal game.
Blah, blah, blah.
So is Halo, but that one sucks, too.
That's what everybody on the internet says.
It must be true.
When Halo 3 comes out this year, and even if it isn't as good as Gears of War, and you
know, it could be like half as good as Gears of War or whatever, people will still be giving
this thing awards and getting a big boner over this game because it's Halo.
I don't know.
My Gears was okay, but I mean, just, I don't know, it didn't give me the boner it gave
the rest of the internet, I guess.
Anyhow, this might give a lot of sci-fi fans a boner, though.
Eddie, get your hand away from me.
According to the Hollywood Reporter, Universal MBC, which is part of Vivendi, they are working
on a space combat game, it's like a sim game, set in the Battlestar Galactica universe,
and I'm talking the new one, not the old one.
Or Galaxy Bellactica.
Digital download for PC and Xbox Live Arcade, and there's a tie-in, by the way, with Xbox
because there's new Battlestar Galactica gamer picks and themes available for low amounts
of Microsoft points.
Are the characters going to cry their emo tears?
Hey, Battlestar Galactica is a pretty good show.
I don't know if you've ever actually watched it, it's actually pretty good.
It's the Krylons, not the Cylons.
Whatever.
Stop being uneducated.
It will be hard for Eddie, I'm kidding.
I'm looking forward to seeing what this looks like on Xbox Live, I bet it's fun.
I don't care about Xbox, but on PC it's going to be awesome.
I have some news that people might care about, but I don't know, not really.
But we have friends at Buena Vista Games, at least they've always been really, really
great at E3 to work with because when Square says, you can't film that, they're like, here,
let me play it while you film it.
But they have renamed themselves.
They are now called Disney Interactive Studios.
They're dissed.
So they're officially now making their Disney affiliation public.
So when we see Kingdom Hearts and the Disney Interactive Studios, we get it.
They're still doing non-Disney games, too, to every extent extra, which is one of them.
But they are now officially Disney oriented.
Just like Disney presents the M-rated dinosaur-hunting Turok coming out later this year.
That should be interesting.
Disney's Turok.
I wonder if we'll have a theme ride based on that.
Maybe we should have crossover because Disney owns ABC as well, so we should have crossover
with the characters from Dinosaur.
Not the mama, boo!
Awesome.
That would be awesome.
I hope there's some TGIF fans out there that get my joke, or I'm going to look stupid as
usual.
Anyway.
Let's give it up for 92, y'all!
92 in the house!
Well this might make some people happy.
Square Enix confirms a brand new MMO coming to 360 and Vista, and possibly the PlayStation
3.
But whether it's going to be a sequel to Final Fantasy XI, maybe Final Fantasy XIV, huh?
Huh?
Again?
Final Fantasy XI-II.
11D blue.
Or as some folks on the internet might say, Final Fantasy XI-II.
Because remember how everybody said Final Fantasy X-II?
We had this huge debate, and we actually emailed Square to have them settle the debate on whether
it was called X-II or X-X-X.
Forget it.
It was funny.
Uh, anyways.
Rice Princess, you look very excited about the prospect of Final Fantasy XI-II or Final
Fantasy XIV.
I'm going to crap my pants in eager anticipation.
What if it's Chrono Trigger Online?
Fuck yeah, I'll play that!
There you go!
Hell yeah!
That's where I'm really going to crap my pants.
Ew, that's kind of gross.
What if it's, like, Saga Frontier Online?
Pass!
I would be the only person playing it!
Probably!
Like, yes!
I can farm all the gold.
That's it.
Okay, we can move on.
I would play Final Fantasy XI-II, because as much crap as I get Final Fantasy XI now,
I did waste two and a half years of my life on it, so there must have been something in
that game I saw, and it was-
Add it!
Add it!
It was a good game while it lasted, but I'm in full Final Fantasy XI recovery.
That's gross.
No, it was actually the people.
The over-18 link shell people I had.
I got a mighty big link shell here for you.
Uni in our chat room is a self-confessed FFXI whore.
There you go.
I win, I spent four years, says Uni.
I feel your pain.
Have you ever spent real money on gold?
That was the point when I knew I had to quit, when I was contemplating spending real money
on gold.
Rob, I'm sorry, that's just a little bit too-
That's why I quit!
Because I said, you know what, no, that's actually-
Good for you, Rob!
The other reason why I quit is because when I was sitting there for an hour, literally
doing nothing, waiting for a party, I was like, I can't take this anymore.
Waiting for a pretend party in the game?
A panty party!
That's awesome!
Like your friends call you, what are you doing?
Oh, waiting for a party to start?
Sweet!
Sweet, can I come over?
Oh no, it's online.
No, it's online.
It's my online friend.
We're gonna do a raid.
Well, look, you do the same fucking thing in World of Warcraft, you have no room to
talk.
You know what I do?
I jump around a tree for ten minutes-
You tell Chuck Norris jokes in the barons while you wait for a party, that's the only
difference.
No, I don't.
I talk to all of my geeky friends on WoW while I'm jumping around a tree for half an hour,
and I could be leveling.
All right, anyhow.
I was looking real quickly since you mentioned buying gold, and everyone's favorite site
to hate, ige.com, they actually have options where you can purchase gold amounts up to
fifty million, or at least Gil.
Fifty million!
Fifty million Gil, which is $1,563.50, who the fuck would spend that real money-
Oh my god, oh no, that's lame, hey, wait a minute, whatever happened to our donation,
we never spent it, huh?
Just kidding.
You know what, Rob, I am policing that, okay?
And we're going to use it to send me to ASIN.
No, yeah, then I'm policing that now.
No.
She'll be all like, back me donation, please.
No, but will you please tell the back me wool story to our listeners?
Why?
It's lame.
Because it's funny, no, just tell it.
Tell it, it's a WoW story.
Okay, so Brad was playing WoW, and some guy opened a trade window with him, and just gave
him a bunch of wool, and then they just whispered to him, uh, tailoring?
And he's like, no.
And the guy's like, back me wool, please.
And I don't know if Brad gave it back or not, but I thought it was funny, because it's a
Chinese farmer.
There's the inside joke!
That's hilarious.
But, you have to understand, now Irene is a hunter character, and her pet is, or no,
the name of her character is back me wool, and the name of the pet is please.
And nobody gets that.
I do.
And now our listeners will, if they ever play on Ravencrest.
Yeah, don't play on Ravencrest.
Oh, Har.
Oh, wow.
Trainwreck.
Choo choo.
Oh, I'm sorry, oh shit, it's my turn for a story, my bad.
Yeah, Rob, I'm sitting here waiting on Rob, and you're telling Chuck Norris jokes in my
eye lockup.
I'm writing the show off tonight, I'm just writing it off, because this is not a good
show.
All right, no, I'm kidding.
This show is off.
This is amazing.
Silly, silly.
All right, here's another rule that is amazing.
GameStop, you probably have read about this on your favorite blog, but I know some folks
here in the studio have got to share their stuff on this.
Now there's legislation out there, of course, looking to get stricter penalties on games.
Well, GameStop released an internal memo this week, actually it was a conference call, and
managers were told about a new rule, it's a new strict policy, this is it.
If you sell a game, an M-rated game, to an underage customer, you get fired, and if you're
the manager of that store, whether you were there or not, you get fired as well, for managing
such a shitty employee.
I'm so glad that Dan quit.
GameStop, it doesn't work there, but what do you think of this policy?
I think it's retarded, and I'm glad that Dan quit.
Why?
Well, the manager, I agree that the manager should have better trained the employee, but
really it's the employee that should suffer for it.
I think that the manager should be written up.
I think that's acceptable.
What are you going to do, make me work overtime?
I'm just going to sell an M-rated game to a six-year-old, and then you're going to get
your ass fired.
I don't give a shit about this job.
Let's go get another one.
I think it's retarded because there's no actual law that says you have to do that, but hey,
whatever, that's their store policy, I guess.
Just make sure you follow it, but yeah, who cares?
I remember there was a news thing also where people were doing a sting to see who they
can get to sell a six-year-old or whatever.
Is that like that Dateline NBC where they trap people on the internet and get them to
come over wearing no pants to meet the 12-year-old girl, and then the reporter guy jumps out
and says, surprise, I'm from NBC, and the guy's like, I'm so embarrassed.
Is it like that, but for games?
Something like that.
Every time I watch Dateline, every time I've ever watched Dateline, it's that.
They should just call it the pedophile show.
I bet more people would watch if they changed their name from Dateline to the pedophile
show.
Pedophile show.
Yeah, they could have a little cheesy thing.
This is really bad tonight.
Shadownextgen in chat.
Thank you, chat room, for keeping us on track here, chat.orangeontrader.com.
Shadownextgen says, the policy where managers get fired because of what their employees
did is fucked up.
I think they're responsible for training the employees properly, and so writing up is not
good.
Yeah, but what if I'm so mad at my manager and I'm going to quit anyway?
I'm going to sell a game to fuck my manager over, too.
That's kind of screwed up.
I would hope there's a way to dispute the firing or something.
And to be honest, the only way they're going to get in trouble is if the fucking parent
says, hey, I didn't know this game had that kind of content in it, if you tell the parent
or whatever.
What if, for example, Billy has his friend's older brother buy the game for him or something
like that, and then gets into Billy's hands and his parents go, where the fuck do you
get this from?
Well, the GameStop people sold it to me, and now people are getting fired because of that.
Legend of Zaku makes a very interesting comparison here, says, it's only fair, Jamie, just like
an Abu Ghraib, where the people who carried out the torture got the hammer, while the
folks who ordered it got off scot-free.
Remember the Iraq torture thing?
Yeah, but the GameStop owners aren't telling them to sell the games.
That was the strangest comparison.
No offense to Zaku, because everyone's going to tell their opinions.
That was stupid.
Wow.
I'm sorry.
How is that even a... Oh, yeah, we want you to sell this game, oh, and you're fired.
That's fucking stupid.
God, think before you try to make a witty comparison, thank you.
I'm sorry, but that doesn't work.
Wow.
Yeah, you should be selling more of those stupid, was it more cards or whatever they
call them now, the edge cards.
But what if they sell them pornographic material?
Will they get fired?
Or will they get a raise?
I got a raise.
They get a raise.
Wow.
Okay.
We promised in the year 2007 our New Year's resolution was to do more PC gaming news,
so Dark Sakura, could you help us achieve our New Year's resolution?
Yes, I will, and this is actually centered towards our European friends.
Yeah.
Cheers.
Did you say jizz?
No, cheers.
I meant like you said jizz.
Jizz.
And wait, PC gaming, like politically correct gaming?
No, like a personal computer.
Because...
Anyway, there's a martial arts MMO called Nine Dragons, and the beta is open in Europe,
actually opening in Europe, they said that you'll actually be able to play and get double
experience until, let's see, actually I'm not finding the date on here is the sad thing.
It may be actually open right now.
In fact, you can actually apply for the, okay, here it is, you can apply for the beta over
on the website, which is ninedragons.acclaim.com slash welcome.htm, and you can keep on going
to the site and check out the demo there, but they're doing a double experience push
that actually may be over already, by the time I saw this, it was already over.
But hey, you can try the game.
Cool.
Dude, I got three more friend requests on Facebook.
I'm so popular.
Stop gloating.
I'm popular.
No.
This is great.
The internet is awesome.
Everybody can be a winner.
It's because I just found out.
As I mentioned in part A, Galactic Civilizations 2 is getting a brand new expansion pack called
Dark Avatar.
It's actually being released early, and yeah, you can definitely check it out now if you're
into that, and it introduces brand new asteroid builds full of resources and unique planets
and other fun stuff like that.
I don't play Galactic Civilizations 2, but it sounds fun.
Sorry, I wasn't listening.
Eddie got a text message and was sharing it with everybody.
Was it more friends requests on Facebook?
No, it was not a Facebook friend request.
I already took care of those.
Oh yeah, Dark Avatar, one week early, good times.
I'm sorry, a heart.
Can I have a hug, Loki?
Can I have a hug?
Can I have a hug, Jamie?
If you buy me dinner.
No, I'll buy you coffee, decaf, because I know you don't drink caffeine this late.
And potato pancakes.
I'll think about it.
Do I get a hug right now?
Live on air?
Yay!
Hold on, now I know this isn't TV, but here, I'll put the mic, when I hug Jamie, I'll put
the mic kind of at my chest level, so maybe you can hear her boob.
I did get that on my boob.
Oh my God.
If you did want to download the expansion pack, you can go to TotalGaming.net for that.
I feel like such a whore now.
It's actually available now.
I guess the retail version is coming out on the 14th.
Rob just made me a whore.
Anyhow, now this, I am declaring, I know it's February, but I'm declaring the upcoming news
article, the best PC gaming story of 2007, right here.
Here it is.
This guy, Warrior Bob, who asked what Commodore 64 games, here it is.
This is the game, and it's coming back, guys.
Arkon is making its return.
Originally released in 1983, Arkon was like, it was like chess, but like when the piece
of one, I know you remember, Irene, because you're as big of a nerd as me, but for the
folks who may not know, Arkon was like chess, but like the pieces would actually do battle
with each other when you tried to capture another piece.
Oh, battle chess.
No, it's not battle chess, because battle chess, the animations were already pre-done.
You actually had like a real-time fighting thing.
This game was also on the NES.
They ported it to several platforms.
What about battle chess?
Arkon is better, and then there was even Arkon 2 and 3.
We don't talk about Arkon 2 and 3, because Arkon was like the best.
What's going on, though, is that Murid Interactive, an investment company who is in the video
game industry, announced a licensing deal with Freefall Games, who created Arkon, to
resurrect the game for modern platforms.
That is the most exciting news ever.
Here's a quote from Murid Interactive.
We are incredibly pleased to have signed this brand.
Arkon is a well-respected license that has huge nostalgic value for the right reasons.
The gameplay, the great combination of strategic thinking, and the intense arcade action.
Okay, seriously, if this game comes to Xbox Live Arcade, I will have died from too much
orgasm.
Like right now?
Yeah, seriously.
I'm like, look at my pants.
Look at my pants.
They got bigger.
No, please don't.
I am so incredibly happy.
You don't even know how many games of Arkon I played, light versus dark, probably in the
year 83 or later.
Stop it, Eddie.
Now, did you see, this is also kind of PAC related, did you see the thing that they were
talking about in Spore?
They're showing off some stuff at DICE also, and one of the demonstrations that they showed
were it was, I believe, the Care Bears versus the Klingons.
It created the two races and had them battle it out.
The Kapla-ster.
I can't wait until that game comes out.
I'm going to just become a hermit once that game comes out.
You'll have your game.
I'll have Arkon.
Jamie will have Cookie Mama on the Wii.
We're all happy.
No, you know what?
The whole PC days is on the DS.
They could do Return to Zork.
Zork is awesome.
Only the nerdiest of the nerds, because that would work perfectly on DS.
We found a 404 page that was the first Zork.
Yeah, the text game?
Yeah.
Oh, by the way.
Oh, good point.
Rob D in chat says Jamie will have Rondo of Blood.
Yes, I will have Rondo of Blood.
I have to talk about Rondo of Blood every five seconds, by the way.
Cookie Mama did get pushed up into March.
It originally was in April, so it's coming out sooner.
It's going to be out before my birthday.
Do you know that Eddie actually told me about a fantasy he had once?
Eddie's fantasy was that he actually gets eaten by a grue.
If you get that joke, you're awesome.
Turn out the lights, Rob.
Give me five.
You're a winner.
That's right, because the lights have to be off.
We're all getting eaten by a grue.
That's not a grue.
Why don't you stab the innkeeper?
The sheriff will come.
Here you go.
Here's your grue.
Stop it.
I found you a grue.
I am Morpheus.
This show makes me happy.
I love this.
It is pitch black.
You are likely to be eaten by a grue.
Good times.
Wouldn't that work?
Because I looked on the internet, it's only 95 megabytes, so they could totally have that
on the DS.
If you want to look that up on Wikipedia, by the way, that's G-R-U-E.
Do your homework, kids.
What is a grue?
A grue is a sinister looking presence in the dark places of the earth.
Its favorite diet is adventurers, but its insatiable appetite is tempered by its fear
of light.
No grue has ever been seen by the light of day, and few have survived its fearsome jaws
to tell the tale.
Grue.
Actually, I read somewhere in an M. Night Shyamalan film that grues hang out with scrunts,
actually.
You're a scrunt.
On the weekend.
Rob's a scrunty bitch.
Rob's the scruntiest person in the room.
You dirty scrunt.
What?
Back to console news, DarkSakura.
What?
Grue, you scrunch.
I'm busy looking at pictures of Captain America.
I mean, we're on to a blood.
I'll steal your story.
Okay, Sega Sammy.
Oh.
Oh, Sega.
Sega, Sega.
Ah!
What?
Oh, my God.
What?
That.
That what?
I can't see.
It's an upcoming story.
Okay.
She-Man.
Sega!
How the mighty have fallen.
Shut up.
Saturn.
Sega, Saturn.
No, anyway.
Kill me.
Okay.
After the show, though, we need you to set up the thing.
Anyway, Sega Sammy profits have slid 23%, and I blame them for abandoning the Dreamcast.
So yeah, their net income went down from $526 million to $409 million.
Sales dropped by 4% to $3.35 billion.
You could say that their sales flew off course like a poorly controlled Sonic from Sonic
the Hedgehog on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
Wow.
And actually, their Pachinko machines are actually becoming a lot less popular than
they were, too.
And Pachinko is really, really a big thing.
GS68 has been spamming the chat room, and usually I don't encourage this, but spamming
the chat room with this site, segasucks.net, and I'm looking at it, and it looks like somebody's
GeoCities web page.
Hey, that's my GeoCities web page.
Hey, way to use the center...
Let me look at the FAQ.
Way to use the center...
Or the about page.
Center paragraph.
See, about this site.
The first, last, and only thing Sega fans ever have to say when I try to tell them my
site is about stopping companies from ripping gamers off is, ha ha, yes siree, don't you
know all companies are just out to make money?
Bob, bob, bob.
What is the word?
Yes siree.
I don't know.
Yes siree, bob.
I was going to say, you have to have the bob at the end.
Do we have a new...
Loki, you have a new story to talk to us about?
Yes, let's talk about Crackdown.
Yes siree.
Crackdown, one of the most awesome games this week, at least the demo is.
It's only going to be, they're only going to have male avatars to play as right now,
because apparently they haven't finished the female ones, and I guess the females have
a whole new set of animations for bulking up as you progress through the game.
Because I remember at E3 you could play as a woman in Crackdown.
So maybe download PAX later.
What did they not, I mean if the animations were kind of already there, I guess maybe
it was all the cut scenes and stuff.
Or maybe they didn't have time to put in all the animations of emotional breakdowns and
pie baking.
Don't forget periods.
Oh, and periods.
Thank you, Rice Princess.
You're welcome.
So yeah, if you're looking to play a female character, that won't be happening.
But you know what though, Crackdown was one of those games that they said that if later
on they wanted to add a new island, a new set of gangs or whatever, they could do that.
So I don't see why they wouldn't build that.
The woman gang.
You know, female avatars later.
So you know, it's probably going to be a download pack.
We're here to complain you to death.
Because you know you have your agility, firearms, explosives, and driving, well they can't level
up driving skills.
I mean, come on.
And so complaining I guess would have to be in there.
You
are putting me looking forward and Crackdown in the same sentence.
Jamie can't give two shits about Crackdown.
I can't really, not even with you know, X-Lax.
She's constipated when it comes to Crackdown.
I would need a colonic, sorry.
You know if I lose a little more weight, every time I bend over you're going to see a Crackdown
actually.
Speaking of things coming out your ass, EGM posted seven rumors in their magazine.
I don't know how founded these rumors are or not, but I'm going to share them with you
now.
These are from issue number 213.
Rumor number one we already talked about a little bit earlier in the program.
Square has another MMO in the works for PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC.
It won't be in Vanadiel, but a world from previous FF games.
So that could be in tandem with...
Is it Ivalis?
Maybe.
It could be an Ivalis game.
Oh my God, that'd be awesome.
Because that's great.
Or what if it was like Final Fantasy VI MMO?
I'm sure a lot of folks have a bone over that.
Hot.
I would hella play that.
Rumor number two is that Tekken 6 got pushed back until 2008.
QQ anyway.
Sorry, Jamie.
Tekken 6, 2008.
Bastards!
That's just a rumor though.
EGM could be full of it.
Bastards!
That is probably true.
Rumor three, Mistwalker is planning a Blue Dragon 2, but only if it does well in the
US.
A DS spinoff is also possible.
Rumor number four is Wipeout will hit the PlayStation 3 in 2007 and it uses the Motor
Storm engine.
That could be interesting.
Rumor number five is my hero, Mizuguchi, is working on a Space Channel 5 follow up.
Space Channel 6.
No, I'm just kidding.
I don't know what it's called, but that would be awesome.
It'd be Space Channel 5 2, like MTV2.
Rumor number six is there's an Indiana Jones game to hit with a movie in 2008.
Duh!
Every frickin' big movie gets a game time.
We've already seen that at E3.
Duh!
So, yeah.
That's not a rumor.
And then lastly, EA is making a Kitty Madden.
That's interesting.
They already have like an Atari, like the backyard football and stuff that sucks balls,
so I mean, they could easily do that.
What is a Kitty Madden?
Like a Kitty Madden?
No.
Yes.
They're bringing the Puppy Bowl and the Kitty Halftime to the console, as we talked about
last week.
EA has heard our prayers.
Is that what it would sound like?
Kinda, yeah.
Could we hear that again?
Meow, meow, meow.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Wow.
Playing football.
Drew Nami says a Space Channel 5-2 was already released, wasn't it?
And that's true, but more Space Channel 5 could not be a bad thing.
I have Space Channel 5-2, and that gave me fit, because of the whole backwards level.
I want pudding.
I want more, not like actual pudding, but the character.
I told him way to be random.
Burr Shaw's one set EA's Linger Abel, 2008.
That would be one for the kids.
That would be comparison to Kitty Abel.
All right, we're going to be taking-
Irene does have a point.
I would love to see kittens in like little football jerseys.
I'm sorry, but that would be as cute as it is.
I would probably buy that.
You do?
All right.
Well, we'll see if EA answers your prayers.
The game developers.
We'll be getting your Skype calls very, very soon.
We have a couple more stories.
Well, here's a bunch of no shit, Sherlock.
Yeah, the Wii has outsold the PS3 by a mere three to one ratio in January in Japan.
Take that, bitches.
Yeah, like I said, a bunch of no shit there.
I remember, actually one of my coworkers was asking me, he read an article that some PlayStation
rep or someone at Sony was claiming that the PS3 was outselling the Wii and the DS combined
in Japan.
It didn't make our show roll tonight because there was a lot of news, but there was a pretty
well-circulated story out there that somebody from Sony Computer Europe said something like,
if you can find a PlayStation 3 out there on store shelves, I'll give you $1,200 or
something like that.
Then they promptly proceeded to show four of them at the same place?
Yeah, yeah.
As I saw a bunch of them at GameStop today, wow, I could have made $12,000, but I don't
think he was serious.
See, if they're selling at a three to one ratio, so basically they're selling, okay,
the system's what?
Let's just round up to $300, right?
So they're making $900 for every $600 that Sony makes.
They're already beating them by $300 per system, not per system, but per group sale if you're
comparing Nintendo's 3 to Sony's 1.
And they're not even accounting if they're doing the high-end system or the low-end system.
So even profit-wise, Nintendo's got the head above it because I've actually argued
this with some people.
They're saying, oh, since Sony's selling for more, they're going to make more money.
No, because Nintendo loves us, and supply is doing its damned best to meet demand.
Wow, this is great.
Jernami sent me a link to this week's Penny Arcade, which actually makes fun of this specific
instance as well.
It says, in a recent interview, SCEA President Jack Tretton claimed that he would pay a $1,200
bounty on any PS3 system that was found on store shelves, and they went around town and
proceeded to get two at the Best Buy across the street, one at the Target, and by the
end, they'd racked up $13,200.
And then it says, when we get the money, we should go get a couple of Wiis.
Yeah, if we can find one.
Which is, you know what, if you're a Sony fanboy, I'm sorry that we keep picking on
you, but it's true, I mean, Wiis are still hard to come by.
Keep in mind what I said earlier in part A about the guy who came, dude, I got a Wii
today, I actually found one, like, Target got a shipment this morning.
It's true, like, Wiis are still kind of hard to come by, and PlayStation 3s or...
Yeah, my local blockbuster, like, all the employees there are, like, vying for the Nintendo,
and like, I go in, they'll be like, oh my god, I got mine, because they, like, cannot
find them.
It's crazy.
And you know what, once Tactics comes out on PSP, the PSP's gonna outsell the PS3 again.
You think?
The PSP's gonna outsell the PS3?
Yeah, when Tactics comes out, because I'm gonna buy one.
You are not a PSP fangirl, in the least.
I absolutely am not, like, I could care less, but with this news about Tactics coming onto
PSP with the frickin' Dark Knights, woo-hoo, I'm so happy.
Did you just come?
What was that?
A little bit, yeah.
But, um, yeah, and then, Castlevania, and then Luminous 2, and yeah, I think I'm gonna
have to invest in one.
All right.
Well, thank you, Jamie, for the Japanese sales report, or should I say, arigato.
I did find something completely unrelated, though, and that's someone made Captain America
in Smackdown vs. Raw.
You're right, that's completely unrelated.
I know, but I think it's pretty funny.
Low-key.
One more story, and then we're gonna go to our Skype line at 877-GAME-OLR.
One game that has a character creation mode as well as Mortal Kombat Armageddon, and well,
that being the last one that's gonna be on our current-gen consoles, we do have the rumors
of Mortal Kombat 8, and they've basically said they're gonna be using the Unreal 3 engine,
because everybody and their mother are fucking using the Unreal 3 engine for their games,
so great.
It's gonna be great-looking, so hurrah.
I don't know, no details, really, on the game at all, except that they were supposed to
be starting from scratch again, so, whatever that means.
Mortal Kombat on the Unreal engine, I mean, is it gonna be like a 3D fighter, or, I don't,
because they say it's not gonna be like a fighting-type game like we know today, so,
I mean, but I can't help but think of, like, some of those really crappy Mythologies games
at Sub-Zero, although the Shallon Monks game wasn't bad.
It reminded me of, like, Ninja Turtles.
But with Mortal Kombat characters, they should make a game like that, where you could, like,
throw Kung Lao's hat as a projectile.
What would you want to see in a new Mortal Kombat game?
Where could they take the franchise?
Oops.
Well, I guess we'll open up the Skype line and see what our listeners have to say about
that.
You can give us a call, just go to orangeloungeradio.com and click on interact with us.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Also you can give us a call with the old-fashioned telephone.
It's 1-877-GAME-OLR.
That's toll-free in the United States and Canada, but not toll-free, sad face, abroad.
You'll have to use the Skype line if you're in the UK or Australia, in which case it's
probably past your bedtime.
Wait.
I just want to say.
What?
They have to use the old-fashioned telephone, like a rotary phone?
No, you can use touch tone.
That would be acceptable.
Or a party line where you call the operator.
You could even...
Like two cans in a stream?
A cellular...
Yes.
Actually, we're having the Dixie Cups installed this week.
That's fascinating, and people will be able to use the two tin cans and a piece of yarn
to talk to us soon.
Please.
You're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this caller?
Legend of Zaku.
Well, hi, Legend of Zaku.
What's on your mind?
Just random stuff.
Yes, I know.
You're full of random stuff tonight.
I'm not taking it back, by the way.
Zaku, what's on your mind?
I meant...
Basically, what I meant when I said that was that just like a manager is like a captain
on a ship, he's responsible for everyone that runs it.
I mean, that's what you're now doing.
You have to admit, though, it was a weird...
Yeah, but is a responsible captain on a ship going to order his crew to throw their shipment
overboard?
Hmm?
Still...
You were doing it as a...
Your reference specifically stated that the manager was ordering the employees to sell
to me.
Isn't that what happened at the Boston Tea Party?
Touche.
You know what?
Think your comparisons through before stating them.
I understand what you mean, however your comparison was completely out of place.
Can't we just all get along?
Can't we just...
No!
Let's hug.
No.
Not until you buy me pie.
If you changed the tea and touche to a D, it would be douchey.
Shut up!
Zaku, please, put us back on track.
What do you want to talk about?
I want to talk about something I saw on YouTube.
I swear to God, I'm not fucking with this connection, just like to Jamie.
Jamie, are you fucking with this connection?
No, I'm watching someone draw Captain America.
Zaku, try it one more time.
Unfortunately, if you can't get it out clearly, we're going to have to move on.
Zaku, what was on your mind?
Basically, I'm talking about something I saw right now.
Send it in a text message, Zaku.
We'll try to get to it later.
Sorry, but it's just not coming through.
You'll hear it on the playback.
That's a bummer.
All right, if you want to call us, 877-GAME-OLR.
I swear I was not screwing with that call.
But I was.
Poor Zaku.
Send your question over private message, Zaku.
I'll take it.
All right.
Let's go to this call.
Hey, Paradox Vincent, what's on your mind, buddy?
Well, I recently acquired a laptop.
It's a new VAIO, and it has Vista on it.
Ah, so it's a brand new laptop, okay.
Yeah.
Um, I do not like it at all.
Really?
What's wrong with it?
Well, I mean, there are some applications on it that aren't exactly, you know, well,
they're smaller applications.
One of them, I think, is actually a foreign one called a Bemania DX, and it's kind of
like the step mania of B-Mania.
Right.
That wouldn't work.
So, basically, you're upset because a lot of the old games and things you were using
on Windows XP won't work on Windows Vista.
That and also that, I'm trying to remember, the main reason that I downloaded it, well,
one of them was for music creation software, and my sequencer wouldn't work on it.
It just performs pretty poor.
But it's pretty, I mean, Vista has all those fancy Windows animations and stuff.
I mean, the prettiness outweighs the usefulness of the applications, right?
No.
Do you think Microsoft's going to fix this with time?
Yes.
I've always said that give it a couple of years, and I'm pretty sure that it will be
an awesome application.
So what caused you to jump on board the Vista train at this point?
Was it just because you had no other choice because you got the new laptop?
Yeah, they took the model out that I was going to get.
I see.
I mean, it's really too bad because it's a great skin, but I can do everything that I'm
doing on Vista with an XP.
Are you looking forward to any of the gaming that's supposed to be coming out with Vista,
such as Halo 2 or any of that stuff?
Windows, now that I have a little more powerful Windows machine, because my other two were
pretty, they were really, really old.
So now that I have something, I got a 2.3 gig processor and two gigs memory.
Now you're the cool kid on the block because you have your 2.3 bazillion hertz or whatever
it is, and a Windows Vista.
So you have the biggest internet penis on the block.
I'm down here.
There you go.
I got you.
All right.
Anything else you want to share with our listeners?
Also, I'd like to kind of give my opinion on how Konami basically released the same
game over and over again, but with new songs.
All right.
Please, because we've got to keep it moving.
Whenever I bought a new BeatMania game, at least, I don't know about DDR, but when I
bought a new BeatMania game, I significantly improved.
I almost jumped another level up.
So I think that new songs are really all that I need to justify a whole new game.
Because you have a lot of new songs to kind of practice with and new charts to kind of
help you out where the other charts were getting a little stale.
Yep.
All right.
Well, Paradox Vincent, thanks so much for the call.
And have a good week.
Thanks for calling in.
Okay?
Bye.
All right.
Later.
Bye.
Bye.
Later.
So he has a huge EP?
Yeah, he has a huge EP.
It sounded like either he was high or he had the show on in the background and he was listening
to it.
Because I thought I heard myself.
Maybe both.
Maybe both.
Just kidding.
We tease because we love.
And he does some other calls.
Let's go over here to this call.
Hi.
You're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's Saisha here?
Hi, Saisha.
What's on your mind?
Turn down your speakers because we can hear ourselves a little bit.
What's on your mind?
I can hear it get echo-ing.
Oh, sorry.
It's echo-ing.
That's all right.
What's on your mind?
We have a delay too, but that's because it's, you know, our voices are traveling all the
way across the Atlantic.
So I was just going to ask a question about Final Fantasy 12.
Yes, what do you want to know about Final Fantasy 12?
I want to know where the story leads to because I look on the internet everywhere and I can't find anything about it and I like spoilers.
You want spoilers on the story?
Yeah, I'm impatient.
I can't tell you that because that would ruin it for our listeners.
You could go to GameFAQs.com and there's a bunch of FAQs on how to get through the game or the strategy guide that's available.
I'm sure there's places out there where you can get it spoiled.
You're just not looking hard enough, buddy.
And besides, I haven't beaten it so I couldn't tell you what happens.
There was like 50 games that came out in November that I haven't played.
You haven't beaten it yet?
No, I haven't. I got sucked back into WoW.
Oh true, I got back into WoW at level 70 already.
Is there anything else you want to ask us about tonight besides the spoilers for Final Fantasy 12 which we're not sharing?
Why are you so crazy this evening?
I don't know. Why are we crazy this evening?
That's my fault.
That's partially Eddie and a rice princess being here, but what else? Maybe it's just something in the air.
I think that I'm a little bit unable to concentrate quite correctly today.
Thanks. You sound really cute and hot.
Stop trying to get a date on the show.
Well, how am I supposed to date him? You sound sexy. Sorry.
Which means he's probably taken.
What was I going to say?
I've been sick, so I think it kind of affects your brain.
Dark Sakura was way this week. You were with Chris this weekend, right?
So she was hamming it up with the girlfriends this weekend.
And Loki, well, he probably got laid or something right before the show.
Oh, yeah, because getting laid makes me crazy.
It puts me in a good mood.
No, and I didn't get laid right before the show.
Well, I'm sorry to hear that.
Earlier in the day.
All right.
Saisha, we've got to let you go, but thanks so much for your phone call.
And cheers.
Take care.
There was too much delay. I couldn't keep it going. I'm sorry, kids.
I wanted to say bye, sexy. Thanks a lot.
We got it. Say it now. Saisha's listening.
Bye, sexy.
All right, there you go. You are so weird.
You're weird. Your face is weird.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Oh, hi, this is Judy.
Hi, what's on your mind?
Hey, Judy.
Hey, what's up, sexy pants?
What's on your mind, sweetie?
I was going to ask you guys if World of Warcraft is really worth it.
Wait, we can hardly hear you. What about World of Warcraft?
When you want to ask what about World of Warcraft?
Is it really worth it?
She's actually being eaten by a grew as she's talking to us, which is why she can't stop laughing.
It's so worth it.
What is World of Warcraft? You're the biggest addict probably out of all of us, right, princess?
What do you think?
Yeah.
You hated all MMOs before World of Warcraft.
I did. I absolutely hated them.
What sold you on World of Warcraft specifically?
Well, I don't know.
Wow, that was an awesome answer.
Matt gave me the two-week demo-y disk thing, whatever.
It's all Matt, our friend. Love you, Matt.
And I was like, whatever, I'm bored. I'm not working.
Uni hung up. She was embarrassed. Don't be embarrassed. It was fun.
And I'm like, okay, I'll give it a try.
And I got to level 20 in two days or something, and you can't go past level 20 if you're on the demo thing.
And I'm like, aw, man, that sucks. This game's awesome.
And so I subscribed to it, and then I signed my life away. It was pretty awesome.
By the way, Paradox Vincent, who I accused of being high earlier, sent me a message that said, no, you're a towel.
Get it? The towel. Forget it.
DJ Tyrant wants to know, Rice Princess, what level are you?
I don't have any 60s, and I've been playing for two years.
But you're a twink. It's because you're a twink, right?
I have many twinks. I have a lot of PVP twinks.
Warsong Goldshow for life, 111.
My highest level tune is a 38 Warlock on Trollbane.
Uni, I bet you any of the WoW players would be glad to hook you up with a free demo of WoW,
because they do that thing where you can download a demo on WorldOfWarcraft.com.
So you know what? It's like the whole Xbox 360 strategy, demos, try before you buy.
And I think that's the best way to figure it out.
Ooh, girl, and I'll play it with you.
I'll show you around, girl.
It's the girls' club on Warcraft.
Here it is, Uni says the classic, it's just that I want a Blood Elf.
Blood Elves are hot, dude.
I want a Blood Elf in my bed.
I love Black Boy. Black Boy says, okay, WoW has twinks.
Can you explain what a twink is?
Not the gay twink.
Not the gay porn kind of twink, and if you don't know what that is, you're fine.
What is a twink in WoW, Bryce Princess? Where does the name come from?
A twink in WoW is someone that has the best possible gear, the best enchants,
the best everything that you can have at that level.
And it helps if they have blonde hair, and they're usually Russian.
You're terrible, Ron.
So I have a lot of twinks, and it's easy for me because I'm a girl,
and I say, hi, I'll be your Internet girlfriend, give me gold.
And they're like, okay, that's pretty cool.
I'm like, sweet, I have a twink now, bye.
Nice knowing you.
No, I'm not really like that all the time.
But yeah, that's what a twink is.
That was educational.
I'm not going to explain what a gay twink is.
Look it up on Wikipedia.
Isn't that so cool?
Or you could be a guy and just have a really high-pitched voice and be like, hi.
Actually, they have a Valentine's Day event going on right now.
They do.
I was trying to have my girl hit on other girls, but I didn't, nah.
You were trying to be a lesbian?
Yeah, that's fun. Lesbians are fun.
Yeah, you're supposed to hit on guys, and they'll give you money.
Actually, no, I ended up hitting on guys because I screwed up.
I got the wrong thing, so I just decided to play it straight.
But you don't actually hit on other characters.
You hit on other NPCs is the way it works.
Yeah, I know, with the hearts on their heads.
Are we really talking about well?
I can't believe it.
Please, let's go to another call.
Hi, caller, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
What do you want to talk about besides Warcraft?
How about BeatMania and virtual console games?
First off, who is this?
Who said you could call?
I paid Loki five bucks.
Oh, it must be DMN. Hi, DMN. What's on your mind?
I'm doing pretty good. You guys were talking about...
Wait, DMN, you've been a long-time listener to the show, right?
Yeah.
Is tonight a good show or a bad show? Be honest.
God, the show's hilarious. What are you talking about?
Awesome. Winner.
Yay, the winner is me.
Heart!
Level up.
We're listening to the one-day show for a second.
Wow, sorry, I just gained five stamina.
I'm sorry, you want BeatMania, Wii, what?
What's one to pole smoking?
Well, you guys were talking about the BeatMania location test in Illinois.
I'm almost wondering if that's a precursor to the oft-rumored, talked-about BeatMania sequel coming to the consoles.
You know, but we didn't see it at Gamers' Day, which is a little bit of a...
It's not going to happen, but it is a little bit of a frowny face next to the idea,
because they did announce BeatMania 1 at Gamers' Day last year,
so I would say it's still up in the air.
No, I'm not familiar with Gamers' Day. Did they announce SupernovaCS?
Oh, well, we only ran about four stories on Gamers' Day on the site,
so I urge you to check out wordslouchradio.com.
Yeah, look at the website, kids.
What, did you want to know about Gamers' Day?
Yeah, was SupernovaCS announced last year?
I don't remember. Actually, it may not have been.
You may have me there. I don't think they did announce it.
I think they were showing BeatMania last year, and it was the karaoke revolution country.
They didn't show Supernova till E3.
But they had the arcade machine there, and they announced Supernova for the console.
That's right. They made the announcement of Supernova in the arcades at Gamers' Day last year.
No, they said the consoles too, I think.
Oh, yeah, and they said it was going to come to consoles, but they just didn't sew the playable game.
That's right, because Loki and I were tooting our own horn here.
Some of the first people in the country to play DDR Supernova. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You didn't have to do the arm gestures, Ross.
Who wants to judge me? Who wants to judge me?
You look like you're trying to fly away.
How about with a steel-toed boot?
I wouldn't wash that hand, by the way.
Ew.
Sephirot1215 says the last consumer DDR shown at Gamers' Day was extreme.
Okay, there you go.
Now, going back, I know Eddie was talking about how virtual console games are priced so expensively.
He sure was.
I could have put that on the N64 games. I think $10 is stupid, especially since that system blew.
Pokemon Snap, motherfucker. I'd pay $10 for that.
About a year ago, they were announcing they were considering maybe having all the NES games be free,
and I mean, I don't see why that would have been out of the question.
I mean, like you said, the games were like 20 years old.
They made their money off of them, and now it's like they're selling bits.
And I could go buy Animal Crossing and get half those games for free.
Yeah, but I honestly think that $8 for SNES games is a pretty fair price.
I mean, I'd gladly pay $8 for Link.
Eddie disagrees.
Why do you disagree?
I disagree, too.
Why? Because you guys are poor.
In part, yes.
No, I mean, it's just the whole thing.
I understand they have to pay for setting up for the virtual console,
but they don't have to pay for actually making cartridges, sending them out, shipping them out.
What if they charge one fee for access to the system?
Let's say you had to pay $20 for Super Nintendo, and then you paid $2 for each game.
Would you go for that?
No.
No.
Because you don't want to pay anything because you're a cheap, cheap whore.
Well, I mean, obviously I don't want to pay for shit.
That's why I get all this free gold, and wow.
But I just don't think you should have to pay for it.
Obviously, we're just playing the games for retro reasons or whatever.
It's not like we really want to obtain the game.
And also, Nintendo's trying to target that new generation.
Half of the people who may be playing the Wii have never even played these games before.
True.
It doesn't mean they have to charge so much fucking money for it.
Actually, though, I notice a lot of people that are getting into the Wii kind of remember the old NES,
like the old Mario Brothers and that stuff.
So I think there's a certain nostalgia value to it, too.
But I don't think there's going to be a lot of people that go, you know, OMG, it's Superstar Soldier,
because a lot of people probably don't remember that game unless you're hardcore gaming.
I mean, I'm not going to be holding my breath on virtual console games coming out,
but it'll be a nice thing to have if I see, oh, look, this game.
Okay, I haven't played this, and I've been interested in playing it.
Bam, I'll download it.
All right, DMN, anything else for our listeners?
SSJ100, Matt's going to be on STFU this week. That's about it.
That should be fun.
STFU Thursday nights right here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey, I heard Jimmy was on cross platform this week.
I heard. He didn't tell me until like a couple days ago.
How is it that you guys have accomplished more in like 11, 12 weeks of your program than we've accomplished in five years?
We model your work ethic.
Dear DMN, I hate you. Love, Rob.
No, no, you don't.
You're right, I don't. Hugs and kisses, DMN.
Don't be a deck.
Hey, take care.
All right.
So, you know, I'm going to make a show that counters STFU, and it's going to be called DIAF.
Diet of Fire?
Yeah.
That'd be good.
And it's just going to be setting people on fire.
Good times.
Last minute stories. Let's go around and get the last minute stories.
Anybody have anything they want to share?
I do.
Okay, yes, Dark Sakura.
Wand of Blood.
Dark Sakura will not be seen on next week's program, or any program afterwards, actually.
Because she'll be playing Wand of Blood. Gosh.
Actually, I did have something, though, off topic.
I'm actually not going to be able to be live Tuesday, but the Tuesday after I will be.
Sweet.
I have my midterms.
More Pump Up the Volume goodness.
Yep, Pump Up the Volume will be back the week after next.
Awesome.
Loki, you have anything last minute?
No.
Wow, nothing. That's a first. Amazing.
Well, I don't have anything either, so I guess that's it.
That's another episode of Orange Lounge Radio. Down the Crapper.
Thank you guys so much for tuning into and supporting independent podcasting and independent radio.
You guys rock.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
We'll start off with our special guest tonight.
Thank you guys so much for being here.
Rice Princess, your final thought.
That was a queef, not a fart.
Okay, thank you for clarifying.
Wow.
Casper the Gay, also known as Eddie.
Your final thought.
Yeah, don't join Rob's face site thing. Join my MySpace at W-I-I-D-D-Y.
What?
Nothing.
Oh, we, I get it. We D.
I get it because like Eddie, but we.
Also, I'm really gay.
That was Rob.
Loki, your final thought. What are you shopping for on eBay right now?
Analog replacement for my new PSP that I'm going to be getting since I want it repaired by Wednesday.
My final thought is.
God, I wish Crackdown was out this week, but I have to wait another week.
Boo.
My final thought is reject false icons and.
Stealing my life.
I heart you, Jamie.
Bah.
Jamie, your final thought.
Bundle of blood.
And my other obsession right now is Captain America.
Have a great night everybody. We'll see you next time on Orange Lounge Radio.
Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast program, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week.
