Orange, Lounge, Radio
There's a host, Dark Sakura, Sky, and Loco
Tonight, February 25th, 2007, plenty of new games from Virtual Console are discovered,
some Xbox 360 games are getting a price cut,
and one TV station warns us about sexual predators on online games.
Orange, Lounge, Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet. Welcome to another week of Orange, Lounge, Radio.
Today is February 25th, 2007. We are that podcast dedicated to video games, video gaming, the gaming lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts. You might know me as Sky.
If you play games online, you might see me post on forums.
Not joining us tonight, sadly, is Dark Sakura, also known as Jamie Summers.
She had some prior family engagements to attend to.
We will be hearing from her in a special pre-taped segment later in the show,
but we've secretly replaced Dark Sakura with a furry gay man tonight.
Say hello to Eddie.
I'm Yummy.
Oh, Casper the Gay. Am I supposed to refer to you as Casper the Gay?
Yeah, pretty much. No, it's alright. I don't care.
Well, how are you doing, Casper?
I'm great. I came down here having a good time.
You remember those old commercials that's like, we secretly replaced so-and-so's Folgers with the new DeCap.
I don't know what the hell it is.
I feel like we secretly replaced Jamie with a furry gay man.
And they'll never know.
Alright, well, also joining us tonight, the one and only tech master, Loki.
Hello.
And we did not replace him with a furry gay man.
Thank God.
Or did we?
No, we didn't.
Alright, how are you doing, Loki?
I'm doing fine.
Good, good to hear. I'm glad to see you're eating healthy tonight with the old Mickey D's.
You know, their sweet and sour sauce tastes like it's been sitting out for a long time.
It tastes a little off.
But that does not mean that I'm not gonna, you know, and I'm also disappointed that I only got two packets of sweet and sour sauce versus three, because three's a lot better.
Doesn't McDonald's have some stupid policy, like if you order yay so many nuggets?
Yeah, but ten pieces, I'm supposed to get three.
They fucking jit me.
Why don't you go in and ask to speak with the manager?
Because I don't care.
You should be one of those people.
I'm sure anybody in our chat room who's worked for fast food in the past has some story about some fucking bitch who came in there because they wanted extra sauce or, you know, oh, you gotta let the people to drive through who order like,
I want a super-sized burger, chicken McNuggets, super-sized fries, oh, and a Diet Coke.
Or even better, I want a six-piece McNugget with 12 sides of sweet and sour sauce.
That's right, it makes me angsty.
Makes me angsty.
God damn it, that's the second week in a row that's happened.
That's more than a second week in a row.
That's been like four weeks in a row.
I've been doing it on purpose.
All right.
Say hello as well tonight to, uh...
Murder!
Say hello to Rice Princess.
How you doing, Rice Princess?
Now's when you're supposed to cue one wing angel when I come...
That's all right.
How you doing, Rice Princess?
I'm doing pretty good.
I'm eating McDonald's, too.
Very healthy.
I'm eating McDonald's, too.
Is this loud enough?
Yeah, see?
Now, tonight I'm letting you see the monitor so you can see when you're loud enough.
Can I have a not-crappy mic to talk into?
No.
Because I hate yelling and making it sound like I'm falling off a cliff.
All right.
How you doing, though, otherwise?
Pretty good.
All right.
Yep.
All right.
Well, also say hello to our chat room.
Always another guest here on the program.
It's chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
Hello, I am the chat room.
I noticed Tiger Claw in chat room says,
Sky, you do know the Oscars are on?
Yep.
Well, last week it was the Grammys, or two weeks ago it was the Grammys.
This week it's the Oscars.
We just can't win.
We're always up against something.
I mean, but come on.
Who cares?
You're going to be able to read it tomorrow morning who won the Oscars.
And let's be honest.
You and I both know most people listen to this show in the audio archive or podcast form.
And they can listen to that in the convenience of whenever they want.
So it won't be up against the Oscars in that regard.
So we have to just keep doing a show like always.
Because if you want, I mean, if you don't want us to talk about video games,
we could just kind of like turn on the Oscars and just give live commentary.
God Kate Winslet looks fat.
Wouldn't that be fun?
I did see a deal.
I will say Oscar chat real fast even though, you know,
we're supposed to be keeping the random down tonight.
I will say I saw that in Notes on a Scandal,
which is the one that Judi Dench is nominated for.
I went out and saw that last night.
It's pretty good.
Pretty good.
Judi Dench plays a good, crazy old woman.
She really does.
I hope she wins.
But I hear that I didn't see the queen.
I hear that was really good too.
But Judi Dench, has she ever been bad in any movie?
I don't think she has.
Nope.
I don't think she has.
All right.
Joshi16 in the chat room has some harsh words for the podcast listeners.
He said podcast equals lazy fans.
Ouch.
Ouch.
Burn.
All right.
Well, let's get right into how we always start off the show,
a little bit of how is your gaming week,
where we talk about what we've been playing.
And usually our chat room gets into it too.
Oh, first off, speaking of chat room, I want to say hi to the new listeners.
I always make a chance to try to say hi to noobs that are in chat.
Level 10 noob.
Misty's not a noob.
She's a long-time listener.
She's in chat tonight.
She hasn't been there for a long time.
So hi, Misty.
Frisbee.
I don't recognize that name.
And if I'm mistakenly pegging you as the new listener, I miss you.
I apologize.
My brain can only hold so much.
I don't recognize Heon64.
That must be new.
So welcome.
Proper T. Roboboy.
Actually, maybe there's been a Roboboy before.
I don't know.
Roboboy, I don't recognize you.
Noobs or people I'm calling noobs because I didn't recognize your name.
Welcome to chat.
We have a lot of folks in chat tonight, a lot of regulars in there.
We appreciate your support as always.
But again, if you can't listen to us live because some of you guys have other things
to do on Sunday nights like Oscar parties or whatever stupid stuff you're doing,
you can always download our podcast.
Send us e-mails.
Mailbag and orangeontrader.com.
Leave us voicemails.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Okay, I'll shut up.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was good.
It was all crackdown.
It's lots of crackdown and the game is awesome except some co-op, depending on who you're
playing with, I guess, can be very buggy or very laggy.
Like, I played a co-op game with Jeremy Todd 1 today and yeah, it was pretty bad.
Like, I couldn't even move around and stuff.
It was that laggy.
But, and then again, I played another co-op game earlier in the week with Da Money.
I don't remember the rest of the name on there, but that was pretty cool.
And that was pretty fun because we were car surfing in that.
I stood on top of his car and he was driving really fast and I was firing rockets at other
cars coming by and it was hilarious.
Couldn't stop laughing.
So, that's pretty fun.
But the game itself is just really keeping my attention.
I'm hoping for some good download content later on because I think once I do finish
the game and finally do get the rest of the achievements, it might just kind of crash
for me because you need to have some really good co-op stuff to be able to get a lot out
of the game.
But, it's fun so far though.
I love it.
Then, of course, you know, the typical Grand Theft Auto Vice City Stories and I got a second
PSP that I'm fixing.
It's all fixed now, but I have to order a new faceplate button for it because I bought
this third-party faceplate for it and it sucks balls.
So, I always stick with first-party stuff because the third-party clear ones, they suck.
I think that's all I've really played other than, you know, just Crackdown.
So, yeah, kind of slow.
Well, Crackdown is what a lot of people have been playing.
I haven't signed on to the Xbox a lot this week because I've been playing a lot of World
of Warcraft, but I have noticed a lot of people on my friends list have been playing Crackdown
because I actually do sign on the web to check my messages.
Like, you know, if I'm, you know, just because I get messages from listeners once in a while
like, hey, how come you're only playing shitty games or hey, how come I haven't seen you
in a while?
So, I'll write.
As long as it's text messages.
If I get voice messages, it's harder to check those online.
But, I do respond to all of them as I get them.
I think from what I've been reading and what I've experienced so far, the co-op is broken
a little bit on Crackdown.
You can't invite people.
You can open your game up and then they can join it, but the inviting is broken.
So that's supposed to be fixed in a later patch.
So, when are you going to let me play Crackdown so I can decide if it's worth the 60 bucks
or not?
Well, I still want to play it.
All right.
Well, you're going to come over at some point and show it to me, right?
I had it here today.
I didn't get the demo, quote unquote.
I didn't get it.
Like, I suck at those types of games.
Oh, maybe you can see my save game where you can fire homing missiles at people.
All right.
Let's see, what else?
That's if you're a GamingWig?
That's it.
GamingWig was mostly World of War crack, as I said, Kid Icarus a lot on Nintendo.
Dude, that game, it's awesome.
It's hard as hell, but it's fun.
That's the hardest game ever.
Dude, when I beat the first dungeon this week, I thought I was the shit because I'm like,
oh my gosh, I'm over 21 and I can still beat the first dungeon.
I still have some skill at this game.
Yes.
It was like getting to hear the theme.
How many people have actually heard other music in the game besides the very first stage?
Not a lot.
Exactly.
Most people have only heard the first stage music, so it's kind of neat to hear the second
stage theme.
Anyway, I'm sure there's a lot of listeners, though, that are like, I already beat the
game, Rob.
What's taking you so long?
Yeah, I'm nine years old and I beat the game like 500 times.
Dude, when I was nine years old, I beat the game 500 times, too.
Shut up.
But also, I used Icarus Fights Medusa Angels.
Anyway, also, I went to the arcade this week, which was kind of cool because I had a date
Friday, and he actually wanted to go to the arcade because we didn't really have a set
plan, but he's kind of got a dorky side to him, so he had suggested we go to the arcade.
Dude, he made me play seven games of DDR.
It was awesome.
We played seven games of DDR.
I'm having a whole new respect for DDR Supernova, which I have yet to really have played a whole
lot of, which is cool.
Then I played DDR Disney Mix, a lot of dumb stuff.
But then we played some old school games I haven't played forever, like Soul Calibur 2.
I played Soul Calibur 2, and first off, Young Sung is awesome.
Usually, I play female characters in games because they're better in fighting games.
They're more agile, usually.
But Young Sung is the best character in Soul Calibur, hands down.
I made it all the way to the boss, so I know that machine was set on easy because I suck
at Soul Calibur.
You're like, what's going on?
That's exactly what I said.
I kept winning, and I looked at my date and I said, I don't know why I keep winning.
I'm sorry.
You're just standing there the whole time.
You're not even pushing any buttons.
I'm really sorry that I'm winning.
Hey, what's going on?
No, to answer chat, I do not have a boyfriend.
I think he listens to this once in a while.
I went on a date.
There's a big difference.
Oh, God.
Anyway, I shouldn't talk about my personal life on this program.
Yeah, you should.
I really shouldn't.
Oh, I played Mario Kart Arcade, which was fun, because they fixed their machine at Golf
Land, and now the picture camera thing works again.
It's a lot of fun.
I actually won the race.
I'm getting good at Mario Kart Arcade.
That must be on easy, too.
No, we played a normal track.
We didn't play the easiest one.
We played on normal.
True.
No, I swear.
That game's a waste of money, man.
It's kind of hokey.
Mario Kart in the arcade does not nearly have the same magic as it does at home.
Why don't you just take a picture of yourself and tape it to the screen if you really want
your face on the thing?
It would be better if you had eight of those machines.
Then it would be better with the pictures.
I could see Dave and Busters having all these machines next to each other.
In fact, I bet there's a Dave and Buster somewhere that has it.
But when you only have two, it is kind of hokey.
And the game itself is not the same magic as the home.
It's really not.
It's like a whole different engine or something.
If you want to see the Mario Kart Arcade, by the way, search for Orange Lounge on YouTube,
and there's a video of Loki playing Mario Kart drunk.
It's hilarious.
At his bachelor party.
Awesome.
Yeah.
We need to put more crap on YouTube.
Eddie, you're a camera person, right?
Yeah, I have a digital camera where we can download stuff.
Yeah.
Just took it up to the USB.
You need to do video.
You need to be like our official Orange Lounge videographer.
Seriously, yeah.
That's what I'll do.
That'll be rad.
Let's do that.
It's on.
All right.
It's on.
All right.
Anyhow, let's go around and figure out some other gaming weeks.
Rice Princess, how was your gaming week?
Oh, more wow.
Yep.
Good times on there.
Oh, I'm so happy because like my 29 Rogue on Elder Thallus, I got some poor sap to give
me a plus 15 agi on my dagger.
That's kind of expensive.
Did you just call it agi?
Agility.
It's agility.
Agility.
I call it agi.
Agi is how you abbreviate it.
That's like me saying-
Agi is going to be a punch in your face.
Oh, Rice Princess, you make me lull.
Oh, Rob.
Deaf, please.
Please.
Rob, I've got to heal it in.
Rolled full of mao.
Rolled full of mao.
JK.
Anyway.
Oh my gosh.
Now I'm going to leave.
No, but yeah, it's pretty much been wow.
Whoop dee doo.
Good wow times.
I played for about, I don't know, like an hour, hour and a half on Back Me Wool, and
I did two quests.
I don't even know why I went on.
I'm like, man.
And they were in the Barrens, so you know how you could do like 10 quests at the same
time in the Barrens?
I'm like, I'll just not do anything.
Because you got tied up in Barrens Chat?
No, I got tied up in G Chat, yo.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Guild Chat.
Let's not abbreviate that.
Yes, please.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Guild Chat.
Sorry.
So, yeah.
Did you actually sign on to the Guild and go, what up, G?
No.
No, just curious.
Eddie, how was your gaming week?
It was awesome.
I've been doing the virtual console thing too, so I got Donkey Kong Country.
Oh my god, that game still kicks ass.
I love that game.
Yeah, but it's not as good because I have GameCube controllers for my Wii instead of
the classic controllers, and that doesn't work.
But it's still fun.
Like, because you can't run and jump at the same time because of the way that the X and
the B buttons are positioned on the GameCube controller.
So, it's still awesome, though.
Like, nobody else cares, though.
Yeah, we don't.
But yeah, I also got Kid Icarus, and that game is the hardest game I've ever played
in like 27 years of video gaming.
It's ridiculous.
I'm trying to think of games that are harder than Kid Icarus.
Battletoads, if they ever put Battletoads.
Battletoads, oh my god, I love that game.
That is great.
Virtual console, you are fucked.
No, I love, because you can attack your partner.
Because you know that's one of those like two players at the same time, like Contra?
You could like double dragon.
You could attack your friend.
Yeah.
It's awesome.
Totally.
Rygar is pretty hard.
I love Rygar.
So do I.
But it's hard.
Like, try getting to the last boss without a fucking game genie code or something.
If you have a normal NES.
Wasn't Rygar so hard because you couldn't save it, or you couldn't, like you had to
beat it one city?
I don't think there was a, yeah.
You had to do it.
You had to beat it one city.
And you could only continue I think so many times too.
Yeah.
So, it was pretty hard.
Yeah, that's how all games were back in the day though.
Yeah, I guess.
Alright.
Uh huh.
I'm looking at what's going on in chat room.
JV Mon says, Sky, are you fucking with Rice Princess's volume?
Yes, sorry, if you are noticing audio problems, I'm fucking with her volume as she's talking
because Rice Princess has a naturally quiet voice.
I'm trying to be loud.
See, oh man, am I like super loud now?
Like, can two people in China hear me now?
I think we're good.
Oh, okay.
But make sure if Loki talks, he uses this mic and not the one you're on.
Okay.
Okay.
Thank you.
Alright.
Because I guess the guys in studio have louder voices anyway, not that you guys want to know
that.
Eddie, anything else you want to share about your gaming week?
Nope.
Alright.
Let's get into some gaming news then.
Oh, first actually, some housekeeping.
First off, obviously Dark Sakura's not here tonight.
You will be hearing her in a tape segment in part B though.
She still is joining us for the mailbag, so Dark Sakura fans have that to look forward
to in our B segment.
And also in our B segment tonight, which I'm making the first half of the show sound really
boring, but an old favorite from OLR comes back tonight.
You asked for it.
Tonight we're going to play some Beat the Host.
Tonight is Beat the Host.
Literally, we're going to be beating Robin Elle.
Oh, can I like punch you in the face?
No, you don't actually Beat the Host.
Oh, man, dammit.
I know you guys are kind of new to Beat the Host.
Beat the Host is we're changing the format a little bit for Beat the Host tonight, but
it's basically how well do you know your video game music.
And a listener gets to take on a host of their choosing.
I'm going to tell you what, if you don't have a knowledge of classic arcade games tonight,
don't even bother.
Okay, then don't pick me.
Don't even try tonight because it's going to be killer.
It's way harder than any of the others we've done, I think.
There are some that are easy, but some are hard.
We'll get into that in part B.
I was like five years old when the arcade games were popular.
I know, so don't pick me.
Well, then you better pick Loki, I guess.
He might be the only challenge in here.
We'll see.
Or you can pick Rice Princess just to embarrass her with her lack of classic arcade knowledge,
so this will be fun.
All right, we'll see what happens.
That would suck.
All right, let's move on and go into some gaming news this week, starting off with some
virtual console news.
We're going to talk about a new feature that has shown up on the virtual console, but not
in this country.
It's over in the UK.
What's interesting is that a new bonus is now waiting for them on the front page when
they log in.
It's not a very well-hidden secret.
It looks a little text-drawn smiley.
What happens when you go into it, it's the Warp Zone.
It's this new area on the Wii called the Nintendo Warp Zone.
What the Warp Zone has is just some trivia and cool stuff.
Right now, what they have on there is some little Kirby trivia.
They have Kirby history and Kirby trivia, which would make sense because obviously the
Kirby game.
Did they get the Kirby game in Europe released on their console yet?
I know we got it here.
I'm assuming Kirby Europe, if they don't already have it, isn't far behind.
That is kind of opening the potential to having this cool little Nintendo fan niche center
that is possible to show up on the Wii.
I'm betting if the UK has it, we're going to get it any day now here in the US.
They also did a new channel.
They did the Everybody Votes channel.
That's last week's news.
Yeah, but they could have that on that too.
You could vote on different Nintendo trivia.
That's what a lot of people are saying they should have done with the Everybody Votes
channels.
They should have had Nintendo trivia and stuff.
Who do you like better?
Mario, Luigi, that type of thing.
Instead, they decided to waste the whole space of my channel block here.
Granted, I know it's an optional download, but you know what though?
It's still retarded.
It's just like the news channel.
That's retarded too.
And the weather channel.
The weather channel, great.
I get to find out what the weather was at midnight.
Like hours ago.
The forecast works fine.
It's lame.
It's better than nothing.
It's better than nothing.
Right?
The music in the forecast channel is off.
Okay.
Obviously, I'm reaching.
I'm sorry.
JV Mon says, I use the weather channel.
GS68 is calling Loki the resident Wii hater.
I think that's not true.
Loki loves his Wii.
Right.
I totally hate my Wii that I bought with tons of games and stuff.
You didn't have to camp out because of distribution, but whatever.
You got on launch day or before.
No, you had your Wii like three days before launch.
I remember going over there playing that horrible, horrible Red Steel.
We didn't play Red Steel the first day, but you played at the party and that was awful.
It doesn't matter.
Nobody cares.
No, it's not okay with players.
No, Red Steel.
It's a horrible game.
Alright.
Horrible game.
Most person shooters and shooters are though.
No, just Red Steel because Red Steel sucks balls.
Anyways, one thing that will not suck balls, hopefully,
is going to be some Neo Geo and MSX games coming to the Virtual Console.
And the first couple titles, at least the MSX titles,
and this is going to be on the Japanese service, of course, for right now,
Eggie and Alest are going to be the first MSX titles
and they're going to be 800 Wii points each.
Then both are due out in spring.
Hopefully we'll see some more SNK stuff come over.
Personally, I would hope for Magical Lord and No Metal Slug
because, my God, how many times do they even read?
Oh, I don't know.
How about Fatal Fury Special,
one of my favorite fighting games ever next to Street Fighter.
Are you being sarcastic?
No, I fucking love Fatal Fury Special.
I like Fatal Fury.
I like King of Fighters.
Samurai Showdown.
They need Samurai Showdown because that was great too.
Or the best fucking game on Neo Geo ever,
Magical Drop.
Or King of Monsters, I think.
Yeah, good times.
That's very interesting because did they say that at launch
that they were going to partner with Neo Geo?
I don't think they did.
I remember hearing about MSX.
I remember MSX, which was very exciting
because a lot of people were going,
ooh, now we can get the true sequel to Metal Gear
and all that stuff that was only on the MSX,
like the Metal Gear 2,
not that SNK's Revenge stuff we had here in the US.
Or just being able to play the original Metal Gear in the MSX format
might be kind of interesting.
They could like retranslate it so that you don't have,
you know, the truck have started to move.
No, they should keep that in there.
You like that?
Yeah.
All right.
What were the other translations in that?
I'm getting sleepy.
I fall asleep or something like that.
Yeah, probably.
I don't know.
Forget it.
So I'm excited.
Any other MSX or Neo Geo games you'd want to see?
I'm not really familiar with the MSX too much,
so I don't know.
What was the name of that game,
Blue's Journey or Blue's Adventure or something like that?
Blue's Clues?
No.
We just figured out Blue's Clues.
We just figured out Blue's Clues.
You can get off the show now.
No, it was the one where he like had,
never mind, nobody knows what I'm talking about.
Forget it.
Jerks.
What was I going to say?
What else on Neo Geo?
Oh, as long as we don't get 50,000 clones of Puzzle Bobble,
like there were in the arcade.
Yeah.
Like every year there's a new Puzzle Bobble,
and it's always the same damn game.
It's the same game every year.
Yeah, I wasn't a big fan of that,
even though I love like puzzle games and stuff.
Shadow Charlie wants to see Super Baseball 2020.
Okay.
Rob D wants to see King of Fighters 98.
Hell yeah.
Lots of King of Fighters games too.
All the King of Fighters games.
But I don't mind seeing new ones of those every year.
Yeah, seriously.
That's awesome.
Yeah, they need to like keep making them.
Thank you.
Hitstun remembers the translation,
I feel asleep.
It was I feel asleep.
That's awesome.
Thank you, Hitstun.
Gold star for you.
Yep.
All right, let's see.
Moving on with some other gaming news.
This, oh my gosh, this makes me so excited.
Square Enix is moving to put their first virtual console title on the Wii in Japan.
Yes.
And if I tell you Square Enix is putting,
unless you've already heard this,
don't guess you've already heard,
but if I told you Square Enix was putting a game on virtual console,
what would you think it is?
Square Enix.
Like the original Final Fantasy, right?
That's what Eddie's saying, Final Fantasy?
Yeah, I would agree.
No, it's even better.
It's like one of my favorite Super Nintendo games ever,
next to Final Fantasy III, VI, whatever you want to say.
Oh my God, what is it, Rom?
Actraiser.
Oh my God.
That game's so awesome.
I played that on a ROM, which I don't do because that's illegal,
but I did play that and that's like a,
it's like a cross between SimCity and like a side-scroller adventure game.
And sex.
And awesomeness.
Because it's like, no, you know what really makes Actraiser is Yuzo Koshiro.
And music, right?
The music in Actraiser is one of the most phenomenal soundtracks ever, ever.
And for those of you guys that are listening live tonight,
you're actually going to get a treat during our break.
We can't play it on the podcast because it's copyright,
but you're going to get Actraiser music during the break tonight
because I love it that much.
So, Sky, when's that coming out on virtual console?
Well, we don't know yet.
Exactly.
We know it's going to be March in Japan.
So, you know, but that's a good sign that it'll probably make its way over here
like end of March, April.
That's awesome.
I can't, I'm so downloading this.
Actraiser 2 wasn't even that bad.
It's just that they took out the simulation element of the game.
The simulation was fun.
I mean, it was like a Greek, you know,
you were developing a Greek civilization or whatever.
But Actraiser, seriously,
the only problem with Actraiser is that you can blast through the game
in about four hours.
Well, maybe long.
Maybe just about four hours.
I remember beating it when I rented it in one night.
That's pretty similar to a lot of old games.
I mean, especially NES games.
Like, you could get through them in a couple hours.
Yeah, so that's okay.
Yeah, I'm so freaking excited.
That's awesome.
A lot of folks in chat don't seem to know what Actraiser is in chat.
Highon64, I'm sorry if I mispronounced that,
says, don't be ashamed, GS68.
I don't know what Actraiser is either.
Seriously, go online.
Go to Wikipedia and look it up or download the ROM,
although I didn't tell you to do that.
It's awesome.
What's funny is it was in that,
because in Super Nintendo when they first came out,
they had like a strategy guide.
It was basically showcasing all the Super Nintendo games
were going to come out.
And it was in that.
But I don't think it got a lot of coverage and like advertising
and I don't think anybody knew about it.
It was definitely more of a cult game, I think.
I think so, too, because I never played it when I was younger.
Don't see a lot of those games that cross genres.
And that's why Actraiser 2 was kind of forgettable,
whereas Actraiser 1, you had those, you know,
side-scrolling action stages like the ghosts and goblins type theme
with just this most beautiful music you've ever heard in a Super Nintendo game
mixed with simulation scenes that are so different,
but they blend in the game so well,
because you get things in the simulation scene,
you use in the action scene.
I mean, one of the all-time greatest games.
Seriously.
Okay, am I thinking of the right game
where you're like an angel and you go and you like...
Yes, so you can see its little butt.
Yeah, pervert, you only you would know that.
You're like, ugh, hot angel butt.
For the rest of the time you're like a god.
Yeah, that's, or like, I don't know.
You're an angel and you're like planning crops or something like that
and you like...
In the side-scroll, you're a god.
Oh really?
In the side-scroll is you're a god?
Is that what you said, Eddie?
Is that what you said Eddie? Yes, okay
That's great. I guess I didn't play enough of it. No. Yeah, that was that was a whole theme of the game
You were God. Oh
Yeah, and you had to go down to earth to fix the suffering and it's actually actually like the music
Fits the emotion of the game like so well, I'm sorry
I sound like such a ham, but it's true. Like it's one of the early great like it's so great. Did you cry?
No, not at that. I did cry at a Super Nintendo game though, which one tell me
Tell me damn it. Tell me right now. No gonna punch you in your face three Final Fantasy 2. Oh my god
Was it because it was so bad? No, because I beat it and the ending was so great
Like finally I need a game in my life. We're getting like 12 years old. Okay. I wasn't like falling I was like
It wasn't like when I saw dancer in the dark the first time
It was just like a little bit
I'm so sad it's over. Tear tear. All right. Anyway, sorry
Anyways, well if Actraiser isn't your cup of tea, there's gonna be some more stuff coming from Sega
Seriously, I want you to unsubscribe from this show. If Actraiser is not your cup of tea
You do not deserve to listen. No, I'm kidding. Obviously. There goes all of our listeners. Bye guys. It's nice knowing you
Anyways, some new titles from Sega. We're gonna see Sword of a Million
Vectorman, Sonic Spinball, and Beyond Oasis
so those should be coming within the next couple weeks and
There was also some other stuff. I was just reading here last minute from
Hudson that was coming out on the virtual console and these are also kind of exciting
you're gonna be getting double dungeons and
Splatterhouse in March Oh God splatter house do a fancy star for real. Yeah
Yeah, I saw a fantasy stars coming out too for a virtual console
That's awesome. Where'd you hear that?
from the internet
Most reliable source ever
Yeah, so I know those two looks like they're gonna be both 600 points and according to Hudson's site both do out
on March
Sonic Spinball
Cuz he mentioned it is one of those games like complete opposite end for Mac Tracer. Okay?
It's one of those games that like you remember as being really cool like, you know
Oh, it's Sonic is a pinball game. And oh, I remember this game was just so awesome
And then you play it for five minutes and you go god this shit's boring
Isn't it is it just me?
No, it's kind of like you like when I go around you and then you start talking to me for about five minutes
I'm like, I want to go home
Except not really because I love you Rob hearts to you. Let's be the last episode orange launch radio. You ever hear
Mm-hmm. Bye speaking of people that shouldn't be talking more than five minutes at a time
Perrin Kaplan
Opened her mouth about some new things going on the week, by the way
I believe Perrin Kaplan also said that the gamecube had been ceased production that there's no more game cubes
Right, and then it came out later in the week that oh just kidding. We really haven't stopped making the game cubes
I think Perrin Kaplan is kind of like I kind of treat her like
Opposite woman like when she says something the opposite is actually true. It's this clever marketing play
Yeah, anytime she talks it's like Oh introduction to the opposites
Gets that
This must be the introduction to the opposite sketch. I totally got it. Okay, but you get it too. Oh wow
Just like the other things that she said. Oh the weeds gonna be region-free
That was turned out to be true. It's not one of the other gems. Yeah, that was the other gem that she said
Some other things she talked about is that there could already be a Wii revision on the Wii
DVD playback enabled on it
Okay, okay. What do you mean? Oh my god? There's already a how many DVD players do you have in your house?
Three or four so do you need another one on the Wii? I don't think so
I don't cares. Yeah, I don't bring the pink we out already. I don't think anyone's not buying the Wii because
It doesn't have DVD playback. I know that's just a stupid feature anyways
I mean, it's kind of thrown in because you know their DVD ROM drives might as well
Just put the codex in there. Yeah, that was like popular like five years ago when nobody had a DVD and now it's like hey
Exactly so I mean the game cube didn't really play DVDs, so
Who gives a shit looking at our chat chat dot orange launch radio comm speedy f40 says the game cube will live on forever
Well, yeah, cuz the Wii will play all your GameCube games, so I mean I mean seriously
I when I heard that it was going away
I was like well that makes sense but the best part about the Wii playing the GameCube games
And I always have to explain this to my customers
They're running out GameCube games for the Wii and stuff if you don't have GameCube controllers
You're fucked you can't play your GameCube games without GameCube controllers
Which to be honest is the dumbest thing in the world anyways they should totally support the you know classic controller
I third-party controllers
Okay, or I'm just saying well. What about you know the classic controller
They should you know support that so you don't have to buy yet another fucking controller to plug in to play the GameCube games
Let's see act def says who the hell listens to parent Kaplan
Okay, look show me five gaming blogs that did not run the story this week
Okay, that run stories on Nintendo usually the thing is is that whatever she says makes it on every major gaming blog out there
So and for some reason we posted that as well
Joe she 16 says she is a classic contrary Mary
I've never heard that term Wow
contrary Mary contrary contrary Mary I guess
Very emphasis on the wrong syllable
I said it's a contra no contrary
Let's see what else is there uh let's see footy monster. No. I'm sorry who said it was a selling point
Damn it somebody in chat room. I'm sorry whoever said it. Oh footy. Oh footy monster did say it doesn't matter sky
It's a selling point talking about the DVD playback. Yeah, it's like well. I don't know who cares really well. I don't know what
Fix their online
That'd be great. Let's fix the online something that we're actually going to use instead of
Let's make DVD playback all in time. Yeah, okay
We've established that you're the only one that the messages don't download when it's off
No, it doesn't work for me either
It works for me because I'm the cooler than you because you have that USB you have a dongle
You use your dongle and the dongle makes it all work
It does quite look like a penis for the computer anyway moving right along anyway
So you know if you're looking forward to more independent games on the Wii and they have this big program that they were touting
Originally saying that they were going to fund you know a bunch of independent games
This whole independent development developer program in which they would give them free development kits and that kind of stuff
Well the only problem is they don't have enough development kits to go around apparently
They're also in short supply just like the actual Wiis are
So a lot of these independent developers aren't going to get to make their crappy ports of games that they probably already released
Well the sad part of that is though for those that were wondering where are the downloadable indie games on the virtual console?
They haven't even there. They're just a they're a twinkle in mommy's eye right now because there's no dev kits. That's it
What?
Never mind, but you know to be honest, so there's gonna be some there's just starting
You know to get those really crappy games out there. I mean was I was gonna say there's one game coming out in
April which I know everybody's gonna run out and pick up chicken shoot
On the Wii yes, it's a game where you shoot chickens
Do it if it's if it's like duck hunt with chickens sold oh my god chicken
She didn't instantly sell that title if they just change it to cock shoot. Hey wait a minute wait a minute
Who are you? Oh by the way? This is like you style highlight. You know I'm showing a long time
longtime listener
Now you've been on the show before but not not in its podcast form so nobody knows who you are in other words, okay?
Well, I'm just the nameless voice well really well wait really quickly your three favorite games of all time
and why really quickly so we know what type of gamer you are Final Fantasy 6 chrono trigger and
Chicken shoot
All right
Mm-hmm he's a big do cosplay
No, I'm kidding. You know he's a big fan of Actraiser
He played act you just missed the Actraisers come in a virtual console in Japan. I know I got a boat or two
Alright, you know so yeah that that's it. No no development kit for me the poor independent folks
You know
Poor them they can't get free development kids. Oh
You cute
GS 68 says crack shoot how about instead of chickens you if they bring out chicken shoot
I think there should be another mode in it like you remember how a duck hunt had the duck shoot
And then they had the sleigh shooting. Yeah, they should have chicken shoot and waffle shoot
Speedy f-40 wants to see cock block for the Wii
I mean interesting tie isn't that isn't that what was that PSP cock block for the Wii was that PSP game
We played at the Konami Brooktown isn't that kind of what?
Forget it no
That's just one of those games is like I'm so popular in the fictional high school
If only it were true in real life stick it in the game
Stick it in the game. No stick it in comma the game get it never mind like
Bunga that doesn't even make sense you wouldn't even put a comma there, so that's all I know Wario where smooth moves
Is there is there a minigame in where we're smooth moves that stick it in no you stick in the game
Remember that one where you push down the Super Nintendo game in there man all right moving on anyway um
Speaking of the Wii since we have a lot of Wii news tonight
This is also noteworthy because weezer still very hard to find yet
They have outsold the 360 and the PlayStation 3 in January
And this is some preliminary data that made its way onto the internet the Wii sold
436 hundred I'm sorry four hundred thirty six thousand units 360
294,000 units PlayStation 3
244,000 units so it is it's only 50,000 units separating 360 and PlayStation 3 then again 360 has been on the market for a year
So it doesn't look too good for Sony Sony might need some games to come out pretty soon
To rescue them, but who knows what's gonna happen motor storms coming out in fucking a couple weeks
And I cannot wait to play that average racing game
But it's still fun. It looks awesome. Well. I'm sure there's some is it on the show world tonight some of the play
I don't think we put Q Burt or flow or that stuff
So I guess we could take a moment to mention that Q Burt and flow made its way to the yeah
I heard Q Burt together. I heard Q Burt sucks and flow is short
I heard they redid Q Burt, and I heard it sucks really. I like Q Burt. I want to play it
Can I will you download it can I come over and play it? I?
Don't know if I want to waste that kind of money. Oh come on. I'll don't you bought a PlayStation
Oh, well you didn't buy the PlayStation you bought games for the PlayStation 3
You bought Ridge Racer 7 when you already had it when it was called Ridge Racer
I know it still sucks, and I bought full auto 2 and it's still full auto 1
They just put it in new packaging at a crappy deathmatch mode, and I was a sucker
And I bought that crap so you can say yeah
You're getting some compliments tonight
Seisha says Loki is great this evening and a footy monster says Loki is picking up the slack for dark soccer tonight
He's like double pissed off
It's just I mean I hate these games that they put out at launch and they call this sequel
And it's really not a sequel
It's just like fucking it's like a perfect example is for the Wii coming out next month Prince of Persia rival sword
It's fucking two thrones all over again. All you do is tack on some stupid controls to it and added chariot racing
Chariot race that was the only thing that was missing from the first one. Oh god. I really wish there was chariot racing in this
They got my letters yes
Ravens dolphin in the chat room says a flow is a beautiful screensaver. Yes
I hear it's a screen saver the reviews. I've heard like it's after dark at the game listen. Okay listen Sony
Stop making games that utilize this stupid tilt functionality crap because to be honest. They're not that great
I mean flow okay. That's kind of cool. You know because it was a cool web game when it was free and stuff
But this like super rubber dub or whatever it's coming out with the Ducks. It's the same damn game again
It's just like that other
Game that was out there right now. That's kind of a clone of geometry wars that one sucks to
Stop releasing games. It's just a stupid gimmick
Jeremy Todd one in chat have some advice for Sony
This is sure to make the Sony fanboys very pleased Jeremy Todd one says I got an idea for what Sony should do I think
Sony should go ride the roller coaster at death right into the lake of fire doom and torture where its eyes will get ripped and
Then they're forced to eat the eyes with a broken fork where they will continually watch bad TV shows over and over
You can address those cards and letters to Jeremy Todd one care of orange lounge anyways so more happy stuff though
Elite beat agents is getting a sequel which isn't too surprising because the game is pretty awesome
So definitely actually it is surprising is the game didn't sell as well as they thought it would especially not in Japan
Yeah, but it's Nintendo. They're not gonna come up with anything original gaming come on. He's so are you smoking crack?
What is the we what is the we?
Oh, okay, I'm not gonna come up with something original, okay?
Let me see here um another Super Mario sequel another Metroid sequel another Donkey Kong sequel whoo. That's brand new shit
I think we got a wee leadest here
Anyways, so a leap e agents with yet more you know some different music because this is what this is the natural progression of your
You know music games is let's get some different music
Um they're not really specifying a release date yet, but they're seeing that the new game is gonna have four player action and
It's gonna have a new snappy title
All right
So I I cannot wait for this game, but they're saying that the Japanese version is getting a sequel
We don't know about American yet, right?
No word on the u.s.. Yeah, but you know if it's coming on Japan. They're gonna translate it so
Well, I mean they didn't really translate oh and on they kind of gave us a whole new version
That was I think better, but you know depends. What kind of music you're into anyway Eddie is dying over here
He wants to share some wee news that wasn't on our show roll
Yeah, there's there's an unconfirmed rumor on the internet
Which is always reliable that Nintendo is gonna come out with sensor ankle straps so like you can kick and dance and kick
That's that's a bunch of bullshit
I think that'd be odd like it even if it's not sure like if it was true. That'd be awesome. That'd be so cool
Can anybody say Sega activator?
Sega activator that's pretty easy I
Think that'd be cool. I don't know like you could like run and jump and do it and do it
SSJ 100 man chat says that's fake
Oh shot down ouch
Sweet
Dead air I
Just wanted to point out though a Loki the Nintendo fanboy train is going by and you know you're not on it oh
Oh sick burn Rob. Come on Loki get on the wee fanboy train. That's why we don't give him like a fucking soundboard because we'd have stuff like this.
No, yes, because no Loki actually is a Nintendo. He likes Nintendo. I went over to his video game party
It was like all Nintendo pretty much. I mean so he's not against Nintendo come on now
I'm picking up and you know SSX blur next week, and that's gonna be awesome. I'm really looking forward to that
But to be honest you know
There's a lot of games that are coming out
And mostly by Ubisoft so fuck you Ubisoft because I hate you
That are just fucking ports of shit. I mean
Stop releasing like old-ass games under a new title because they're on the portable systems now and on the Wii
You know it's just a port of some old game that was out before listen
It didn't sell well the first time stop trying to port it over to get some more sales out of it
Especially do we do we really need another port of driver parallel lines?
I mean wasn't it bad enough the first time and now you have to enhance it with some better control
What about the dude that was with what IGN or something that got quoted in some blogs as we saying guys?
Oh my god something really cool. He needs a diet of fire. Okay. That's stupid Matt Casamani or whatever
I've got secret news. I can't tell you about it, but it's so over cool
You're just gonna be so amazed when you hear about it, okay?
Well that could be anything that could be anything and the fact that you come out and say I got a secret
I'm not telling you though. I got a secret. You're gonna. Love it. It's so cool
Mm-hmm uh-huh why the fuck okay? Why the fuck is he posting that in his blog in the earth?
You know the other thing is why the fuck are people posting it in their blogs like say dude
Did you hear the guy from IGN he heard that there's news coming? That's cool
And did you fuck is that oh my god?
You guys Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is coming to partner net but you didn't hear it from me
That's that missed our show world to you know
I'll think yeah that even though we're not supposed to talk about it. Do Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is totally a partner net Rob
What is this like the same guy that was the t-shirt dude from two weeks ago?
I like your t-shirt thing maybe wow that's pretty crazy because you do the voice exactly the same
That's my that's my uniform straight male voice actually oh wow you do really well. Thank you. You're welcome. You know rice princess
I'm just give me a beer and maybe a pie bitch. You know I'm gonna say you know other stuff a lot of stuff
That's on partner net that people go and report about it's not really
Surprises, it's like stuff. That's been in development stuff that a lot of people already knew about so and the fact
I don't I don't know if you guys read the fine print on your NDA's
But uh you're not supposed to talk about partner net and I hope that God that whoever keeps leaking this shit because it's not
Really, even a story. It's just like guess what I saw that that jetpack game that they've already announced is on partner net
Wow, you didn't announce the game. You didn't give me any details about the game all you said that is you're confirming something that they've already announced
Wow, that's awesome. Guess what Wario aware smooth moves. It's in stores now. I just confirm something that they've already announced
Give me my own blog
Joshi 16 says attention Loki. It's all about attention
Let's see what else is there here and Nintendo maniac 64 says breaking news
There's news coming
GS68 says Loki a free speech anyone
Fine, but I don't have to listen to them
All right. Well anyhow
We should move on to another story here
And this is like this ongoing saga like I thought we would have talked about this once on the show
laughed and it would be done with and I'm talking about
Level 30 and you know when I say level 30, I'm talking about
Yes
It's like do you want to know how far down the rabbit hole goes? Well, it's actually level 30 and that's about it
Well, here's the thoughts there. What's very interesting?
Is that not only when you get your replacement bubble bobble revolution that will let you go all the way to level 31
You get a free copy of Rainbow Islands
Revolution because I didn't even know there was a Rainbow Islands revolution
I did and I actually played the old-school Rainbow Islands. I still play it today on game tap
And I could care less that there's this DF version out and if I'm a Rainbow Islands fanboy
And don't give a shit about this DS release. I can't imagine there's five people who bought this game
Therefore you're getting this free game because nobody else wanted it. They have extra copies sitting in a warehouse
So does this atone for their sins is all well with Codemasters now because they gave you a free game
I mean you gotta say they didn't have to do that. Let me just put it this way they should really fire
They're marketing people because that cover for bubble bobble
Revolution or whatever looks like crap. I mean those dinosaurs look
They gain like a thousand pounds or something like Jenny Craig anyone
There's a nice little letter that came with it
Please find and closed a replacement for your defective bubble bobble Nintendo DS cartridge
You should find that you encounter no problems when playing this new version
We would like to apologize for the problems you've had with this game and hope that the need to swap the cartridges did not
Inconvenience you too much. We have enclosed a free copy of Rainbow Island
Also for the Nintendo TS, so there's only one so oh great. Oh great
So I got you know I my bubble bobble wouldn't go to level 30, and now there's only one goddamn island in Rainbow Islands
Hahaha, okay wait. You know we've enclosed a free copy of Rainbow Island. You know why they included Rainbow Islands, right?
Because bubble bubble really only goes up to 31
So they're like oh you're gonna be done after 31
Yeah, because I work for them anyway
I know this we've enclosed a free copy of Rainbow Island as
Consideration for the length of time that you had to wait for the new cartridges to be manufactured
Please dispose of your faulty cartridge by simply putting it in the trash or local
Recycling facility where one exists you know why it's called Rainbow Island
Because they didn't finish the rest of the levels and you're gonna have to send it in
No, you know what you need to fucking do with that replacement cartridge
Return it to your local GameStop
And get some money back because they're not gonna know the difference they got it come on
They're not dumb enough to buy it. Yeah, they are way. They can tell no they're not
Okay, fine. Take it back to your local whatever used game store all right well
Uh stories about bubble bubble revolution going on four weeks in a row make me very angsty
And I don't know about you, but that makes me want to bring on the pain with the FUs of the week
A dark soccer is not here tonight. I will put in a preemptive dark soccer FU to traffic and people with how she's busy with massage school and all that crap all right Loki what's your FU tonight?
I don't really have an FU, but I'm gonna take this moment to
Let everyone in on a huge secret
There is some uber huge exciting news
Coming soon, and I tell you once you hear what this news is it's gonna fucking blow your mind
It's so amazing. I really wish I could tell you, but I can't
You know NDA's and all
I like how they follow the NDA's when it comes to that news, but when it comes to everything else it is kind of wet NDA
You know why cuz there's no news
This is the same guy said there's fucking halo on the Gameboy Advance. I mean come on. Oh my god. There is oh
My god burn your Gameboy eyes princess
Unsubscribe all right uh I
Would like to give an FU to whoppers the original malted milk balls because they are so addicting and I think bro
I remain in a bunch of them when I wasn't here so FU to that don't steal my whoppers when I'm not here
Give me my malted milk balls
How dare it bitch?
How dare you take my malted milk balls Eddie?
I'd like to say an FU to all the garbage that I've been keeping in my closet because I'm moving and I have to throw
It away now, and I'm like ah it's taking forever, and it's horribly bad
FU garbage in my closet
What else do you have in your closet nothing rice princess
FU to the auction house on Elder Thallus because
You're stupid, and you'd never have good leather head here that I need for my Twink
Yeah, let's do few more poo-poo
Yeah, what the hell does that even mean?
Let's do more poo-poo. What does that even mean?
It's supposed to be like get off the game and go shut up for a second. I'm kidding
It's supposed to be less pew pew more pew pew
But I call it less pew pew more poo poo because it's funner to say
What does even pew pew mean like shooting like pew pew?
But what if you're a warrior you don't really shoot then punch yourself in the face. Why the fuck are you playing a warrior?
Warriors in lane
Playing a rogue or a hunter anything else
And that's it like you style. Do you have anything you wish to I contribute a few the Taco Bell because it makes more poo-poo
Yeah, more poo-poo less pew pew
in that case
You know you
Speaking of
Things that are pretty poo-poo in my opinion alien Hamed is coming to Xbox 360. Sorry. I did not like alien Hamed
I are hominid or whatever the hell it is. What's alien Hamed alien Hamed? It was a game
That was out on the PlayStation 2 no. I know what alien hominid is it's a flash game. It's not that great
I don't know why people are like so freakin excited and ecstatic
I mean I suppose yay indie development and all that stuff, but I'm not gonna buy it
But whatever alien hominid HD is confirmed to be the game coming to Xbox Live Arcade this Wednesday
Because Xbox live talked to one up and somebody spilled the guts because everybody always talks to one up because I don't know I think
They pay people to talk probably yeah, so they get that
So there you go and also hopefully boom boom rocket and wing commander are in the near future
Oh boy. I'm sure we have a story on that later. Don't we Loki?
Yes, wing commanders coming to Xbox live arcade wing commander arena and nobody cares because it looks like shit
I don't know if anyone's seen the videos out there
But the wing commander that you've known and loved or maybe didn't like
This is certainly not the same game in fact. This is as much wing commander as
Nova drone was Twisted Metal, so I
Don't know, but anyways if you're interested. It's 16 players online and you can battle each other might be cool
No, well come on
I mean even though the game did not look like wing commander like if you've seen the little game preview somebody took the wing commander
License and put it on some like random space shooter game, but 16 people come on. That's got to be fun
What's novadrome fun with 16 people novadrome? No, you're right novadrome was just like a fun game at all anyway
So it is coming out. It's going to have you know up to 16 players
They're going to have free-for-all maps dueling maps team maps
blah blah blah
and
Yeah, it's great
There's videos online YouTube
I'm game trailers comms check it out and be disappointed
Apparently boom boom rocket is really anticipated by a lot of folks in chat room that looks fun. It doesn't fun
I love see I like DDR, and I did like fan of vision so our old buddy
Mel B's in chat and says it's like dance mania speed meets fireworks. That's a boom boom rocket is
Well, that's all I want to say I want to see a
Video of that emotion we see screenshots, but screenshots only tell you so much
You know that would be kind of fun to play Def Jam icon of dance mania speed as the custom soundtrack in that
Any game with a dance mania speed is the custom soundtrack is sure to be hilarity
Something that's not funny is my Xbox 360 it makes too damn much noise whenever I'm playing it and
apparently though there is a rumor going around because you know when when
Websites that are foreign release news. It's just the case this German website
It's only a rumor the the u.s.. Websites won't believe it until Microsoft
I can't read it well, whatever, but anyway um it certainly sounds like it could be a possibility a German gaming website
When it was it called things in a might not dear Sinemite
I don't know they they announced that
Microsoft has done a software update for debug Xbox 360s that reduces the speed of the DVD drive
Causing the noise to go down, but the drive is slower than yeah, but did it need all the high speeds
I mean, I would ask well
Don't you think the update is smart enough to know hey when you need the high speed use high speed when you don't need it
Shut up. They don't really care. How loud the DVD drive is cuz me be honest
I don't really notice mine when I'm playing games, and if you're gonna be wrong sitting there going damn
My drive is loud, then you're gonna die. I'm gonna be honest
I do notice it especially when you boot the system like when you boot and you're starting a game
That's when I really noticed that I'm like goddamn is my Xbox 360 gonna launch into space cuz it makes so much noise
It's gonna just blast off through the roof
Don't you think they make up? Maybe it's just cuz mines vertical standing
I don't know I think because yours on is on a hard surface and so it transfers the sound
But I mean if you put it on carpet like I have mine right now
I was playing on my monitor on my computer and so I have it sitting on next to my
You know normal PC, and I don't really hear it. I mean I
Don't know, but then again. I have headphones on and I'm listening to the music and stuff so
but
Whatever. I don't know. It's not a big deal for me. I mean if it was like
Like the whole time when you're playing it then that'd be a little different, but
It would just be really weird if it was that. Unsubscribe clicks you were getting.
Throughout the world. So it's not a huge deal though. It's not like like a chainsaw sound or something like that
I don't know it people just need to quit bitching
Speedy F40 ouch ears GS 68 Loki WTF alpha canagram damn Loki
It's better etc. Loki needs a sedative
I was gonna say Eddie was making fun of me calling my wireless headset a wireless communicator at one point
But I wanted to say during my gaming week. I bought one of those $20 things you can put in your computer
What's about the gaming receiver or something like that so you can use your wireless headset?
It's awesome because I can use my wireless headset on ventrilo and it what I didn't have to do any configuration my computer
Ventrilo just automatically new and like the voices come through on the ear and you can talk with the heads
It's great. It's just buy a bunch of this and I'll do the show
It's too bad Rob cuz the ventrilo server doesn't work anymore
So you've never gone and Rob puts on a red mini Ohura skirt and goes all hailing frequencies open captain for lovin
You know even understands that nobody from Star Trek thousands of listeners of orange
I'm sorry hundreds of listeners after tonight of action. Actually, maybe 20 listeners more time after tonight and
Not a one of them is gonna understand that
All right
Anywho, well one thing that's never quieting down is these stupid rumors about mill yourself for on the 360 and
And yet another one kind of flaming or fanning the flames of this rumor. There's apparently a
kind of a survey going around asking people of their interests and mill yourself for on the Xbox 360 and
Questions like would you like to see mill yourself for on the Xbox 360?
Would you buy an Xbox 360 just to play mill yourself for?
On a scale of 0 to 100 with 0 being not at all satisfied and 100 being very satisfied
How would you rate Konami's output on Xbox 360 to date?
Well, that would be a big fat crap because and also on this survey. Do you like candy?
Do you like money because it's Captain Obvious's survey, of course people want to see Metal Gear Solid on 360, right?
I mean more games the better like you saw you're shaking your head. Why not?
Because I hate the Xbox 360
Basically, thank you. Why do you hate the 360? I don't hate it
I don't hate it, but it's not as good as is like a DS or we sign reasons titles
That's what matters. Yeah
360 he's got a lot of shit coming out. I mean, I don't know a lot of it's good, you know
exclusive titles boom boom rocket
Well, I'm like boom boom fire booboo dollar
No, I'm gonna get one only for the mist Walker titles cuz I'm a big og Final Fantasy fanboy dragon
Yes, blue fucking dragon dragon looks awesome. And so does lost Odyssey. So
Lost Odyssey's a ways off. It's not hopefully it won't be a lost cause
No, but anyways this comes from apparently an evil avatar forum post so
I take that as rumor, I guess to be honest. I don't believe that this such survey exists, but you know
Evil avatars another all-game show so we got a I'm just saying but this is like a listener
This isn't exactly you know, but whatever I mean
It's possible that they're do they really need to ask people what their interest is in mill yourself for I mean, that's like
Yeah, I'm like, would you like to see halo 3? I
mean
It's dumb
Shadows lair says my god a survey amazing. It's confirmed. I
Think it was a little bit of sarcasm sarcasm there speaking of obvious
It sounds like crackdown 2 is already being greenlit and that gets a big fat duh as well
I
Mean, maybe maybe it'll contain the halo 4 beta in the that was the joke that yeah, I read that
Yeah, I know. Yeah. Yeah, I stole a joke from whatever the site of QJ or whatever
But I mean come on didn't take a lot of brains come up with that joke
Cuz isn't that the only reason why crackdowns really selling a halo 3 beta?
I think a lot of people are actually buying for the game because it's a fun game
It's a lot of fun
And I mean if it were just for the halo 3 beta then you wouldn't see a lot of people
you know playing the game right now because a halo 3 beta isn't out this by the way comes from a
Interviewer with senior designer Steven in Netta when he gave a review to computer video games simply this magazine
He mentioned you know was what he would put in a crackdown to which you know obviously a more believable
Functioning city the city makes the fun
I think it comes to how you can choose how you choose and approach your missions and so on and so on well the thing
Is about crackdown and the even and we're talking about when they were designing the game originally
They've made it to where they can add islands and add whole extra parts of the city that aren't in the full game right now
Later on so this game can expand almost as much as like oblivion can so
You know I hope they go that route
That'd be really cool chat room is shooting down the whole halo Chi stand corrected apparently a ddr dollar bill says I like to crack
down fuck halo 3 beta Jeremy Todd once is I could care less about the halo 3 beta crackdown as amazing as a game and
Ddr dollar bill confirms again crackdown is more fun than fucking halo. I mean don't get me wrong
I'm gonna play the halo 3 beta because I'm gonna you know be able to play the halo 3 beta, but I
Don't know. I'm not too excited about it. I think it's just gonna be everyone's gonna be I think disappointed because
There's been a lot of people who have done it really good so far
And there's not really much you can innovate on and this you know big secret X button crap or whatever that is
I don't think it's gonna be that big deal, so whatever we shall see anyways
So another thing that's gonna be shown pretty soon is gonna be Xbox 360s IP TV
service, and they're actually showing it at the connected home show at
Well in Europe of course some brand new
show down there and
Looks interesting not really too much
You know they don't really go into any details on it, but I guess it's gonna have you know DVR stuff in there as well
Anything that gave me more TV channels. I'm all for so you know I can't wait to check this out
Hopefully you know they start you know having some
You know I want a DVR anyways because I don't have that currently with my cable subscriber, but
Hopefully, it's not all like MSNBC or something like that
I'm curious about it. I don't like the fact that you have to switch everything to do it
I'm not gonna switch everything just to have TV on my 360. Yeah, I mean apparently it's gonna be taking place
So um the connected home show and that's March 5th through 7th in Olympia, London
I'd like to see some youtubage of it in motion I
Don't know anyhow something else very cool announced to the Xbox 360 price cuts for the games yay
Actually not all the games
It's the platinum hit series
But you know we all like news on a price cut and actually a lot of those are already price cut so I've already been
Price cut yeah, they just saw the new packaging well supposedly March 16th is the day that the new packaging will come out
But it sounds like a lot of retailers have been proactive
Whatever you drop the price well for the low low price of 30 bucks
You can get battlefield to burn out revenge Call of Duty 2 dead or alive 4 fight night round 3
Ghost Recon advanced warfighter topspin 2 or Rockstar Games table tennis
Which I seem to recall only cost 39 in the first place yeah, so it's not much of a price cut
But um and topspin 2 sucks balls don't buy it
But some of those other ones that a lot of very popular such as Ghost Recon is pretty popular Call of Duty 2 about
Battlefield and so on I'm pretty sure folks will be all over that all you need to know that just means that those used games
Are going to drop down even more so just buy the used games especially if they're that old. There's no point
Japan's getting some extra games in there well actually they only get battlefield
But burnout but chrome hounds as well and perfect dark zero and other regions in Asia also get 99 nights
Which should be interesting chrome hounds?
I do believe is already dropped down in price in the United States as well, so I mean
You can probably find that if you really keep in mind if you want to have the best tanks in the game or whatever the
Best mechs whatever you call them you have to buy extra stuff online
Just wait for armored core 4 because this is the game that you should have bought in the first place anyways
And you know I was a sucker also bought chrome hounds thinking. Oh, it's gonna be just like armored core
It's like armored core with like anchors being dragged behind you. It's so
slow and
Boring armor core for it's the way to go um anyways
There's another rumor that's been confirmed this week
Mercenaries 2 is coming to the PlayStation 2 and Xbox 360
Despite the fact that this is kind of news that everybody already knew about since you know
There was like you know some shots that they were talking about the game and stuff, and there was 360 dev kids behind them
I mean
It's like a big duh so that game is gonna be coming out mercenaries if you don't remember
Originally believe was put out by Lucasarts, and it was one of those games that you can I remember the commercial actually for it
They're all you know you know shoot people blow stuff up blow stuff up again
You know it's it's kind of one of those sandbox type of games where you can just cause a lot of mayhem
Cause a lot of mayhem, so I will definitely be checking it out
And except for fall by the way a game that I will definitely check out is Elder Scrolls 5 because you know
there's gonna be one on the way and
Elder Scrolls 4 was obviously an amazing game on
Bethesda has confirmed Elder Scroll 5 will happen. It's definitely going to happen
There's no immediate plans right now according to the studio's vice president of PR marketing Pete Hines
but what else is interesting is that he says the possibility of an MMO is kind of a
natural step for the series
very interesting
But what's interesting about that?
It's been bounced around according to Heinz, but they will not move forward with it unless there's a fresh idea for the MMO genre
But dude, I think opening up oblivion as an MMO would you know or that type of game is an MMO
It's good enough
Don't you think I mean God on that multiplayer patch hit most people were like this should have just been in the game to begin
With it's gonna be crazy though. It'd be interesting. I
Don't know. I can't wait. I but you know you're not gonna see this game until like
2009 at their earliest I mean it's going to be at the it's gonna be when people are talking about
PlayStation 4 and Xbox 720 whenever that you know happens or the fuck else they're gonna call it. Yeah, we'll see
anyways
So with clover being dissolved some of the members of course went on to create the brand new company seed
The other members stick are stuck around and are now working for Capcom. Well. What are they working on?
you can be seeing them working on Resident Evil 5 for one and
Of course a brand new Wii game as well
So it's kind of nice to see you know clover because I know they were
Doing a lot of original IPs and stuff and kind of you know throwing that kind of creative side to Resident Evil
5 and
Hopefully this Wii game. That's pretty awesome, so
Pretty sweet, huh?
Interesting I so I guess clover not as far gone as you know some people think well
They're gone, but it's just they've kind of you know
It's it's like you know if you buy a company or something like that a lot of times
You'll dissolve the company and just say okay, whoever wants to move over. We'll pay you to move over otherwise
Find a new job. You know it's kind of like that all right pretty much keep the same people, but
Yeah, you know the talent, but you don't have to carry
You don't have to pay for the you know the spot you know the lease or whatever you're just cutting costs that way so well
That was the last story we had paid for part a but we're actually running a little early tonight
So um I think we'll actually go to the skype line and take some calls
I covertly open up the skype line there and saw if we get any calls
So we'll get some calls out of the way early a little bit tonight because we're running early tonight
So hi you uh you're on orange launch radio. Who's this? How you doing sky? I'm speedy f40 hi speedy f40
I don't recognize the name you must be a new listener
I'm not a new listener
Because I've been listening to the podcast forever
Awesome brand new on the stream though well welcome welcome to the first show I guess live show is the first live show you doing
Then yeah first live show I'm doing I've popped my orange launch cherry tonight
sweet
Congratulations. Yeah, was it hot was this was it as good for you as it was for me
I I'm sure it was probably better for you because I tried harder
But I mean I'm sure it worked out for everybody all right speedy. What kind of games you into well right now. I'm playing
Rebels Alliance, I don't know Star Wars deadly Alliance or something for the PSP because I got it through gamefly
And it's mildly entertaining, but uh I plan some wow
And some Wii games even though I got a topic for you. All right. What's up? I think the Wii is overrated oh
Gasp you're on Loki's side tonight you so you are not on the train tonight with everybody else
You're you're not on the Wii fanboy train. Yeah
God
Just kidding. Yeah, I'm not on the fanboy train. I think that the Wii is completely overrated because
Okay, I think it's just about a more of a party system a fad system if you will I have a Wii
I bought it the day it came out, and I'm missing I'm missing my gaming experience. I've been going to the PC more and more often
But you know what's interesting do you think the Wii is going the way of the GameCube because I even I love Nintendo
I would have paid the GameCube very similarly although you had some phenomenal games on GameCube
You know Resident Evil 4 it was mostly a party system your Mario parties your Smash Brothers melees. You know it's a party system
I don't think it'll go the way of the GameCube because it has that quirkiness, and it has games like oh gosh
Wari aware which is a really fun game definitely kudos to them from doing that one
But I think that a serious gamer would be better off with the Xbox 360
So you don't think you know the uber-cool
Metroid or or no no the uber-cool super secret thing the IGN guy won't shut up about you
Don't think that's gonna change your mind
No, I don't think a DVD drive or anything like that's gonna change my mind at all
See I totally disagree because on the Twilight Princess
I think that was a perfect marriage of
Classic sort of old-school styling with combining some of the Wii elements to make it more immersive
Oh, give me a break Twilight Princess sucked
It was not as good as it could have been that was developed for the GameCube, and it showed definitely show
Yeah, but I think it's just I think it showed that the that the it can do a classic style game and still be awesome
It could do a classic style game when it's a freaking port
I think that the Twilight Princess was entertaining because it was Zelda
But I don't think it was any better than any other platformer could have been there was no huge breakthrough
You know our chat room very polarized on the same topic JB Mon says Twilight Princess was overrated shadow next gen says I love Twilight Princess
JB Mon also says Twilight Princess showed fanboys will love anything. You know what I like Wind Waker a lot better
I'd be honest what you're smoking crack. I liked Wind Waker. I thought we'd make a Nintendo
I am on the Nintendo train, and I didn't even like Wind Waker. I liked Wind Waker
I thought it was a fun game the only good
I was disappointed about Wind Waker is once you know and this is a spoiler once you go under the you know the ocean you
See oh, it's Hyrule. You know I was like well
Why the fuck did they just not make it like a remake of you know?
You know link to the past or something like that with that kind of style
I mean from the person who was criticizing Nintendo early in the show for doing too damn many remakes ah
Okay, honed no. Here's what I'm saying though
I don't necessarily want to do an actual remake
But I just wanted to actually be in Hyrule instead of in the ocean
I mean because I would have rather had you know more land and stuff like that and run around like that
I don't mind the art, so I thought it was kind of different
You know you got used to it, and it kind of worked. It's just and then now I'm playing you know
Twilight Princess, and I lost interest in like an hour, so
Same here loki same here. I don't get it. I don't get why everyone is a 10
Did you play through the whole game though Twilight Princess? Yeah? No? I look like yeah?
No, I'm sucks that you're gonna play through it. No yeah, no the first
I mean the story doesn't really start developing right away, though
I mean once you get into it. I mean it's like it's the first it to me
It's the only true sequel to ocarina of time. I mean once you get into it like it's it's really cool
They start touching base with all the old ocarina of time. I didn't even care about ocarina of time though. See that's it
Oh, wow, so you're not even a Zelda fan then all right well the beautiful part of orange lounge radio
Is that everybody is entitled to their own opinion even when they're wrong?
Exactly all right well a speedy anything else you want to share with us tonight
Well, do you mind if I do some shameless plug-in? Oh?
They'll cost you a dollar okay. You know I could send it through PayPal. I know it's fine get of course
Oh, what's way? What are you gonna? What do you unplug?
I just wanted to plug wcradio.com and go check out my show max speed because that is my show
You're the guy that emailed us like two weeks ago, huh? Yeah, that was awesome. I loved your email
Well, I adore your guys's show and I miss dark soccer where the heck way dark soccer had family obligations tonight
So you get the fuzzy gay man instead and right?
All right, yeah, you'll do no actually but dark soccer is gonna be in a tape segment next
So you will get some dark soccer love in this show oh good
I love to meet some dark Sakura wait at WCR aren't all your shows like dominating dig right now. Yeah
You're out ranking us right now. Oh
You know what go dig orange launch radio. They they got everybody started with podcast. It's all good
Wcradio is an independent thing right? Oh, yeah, absolutely, then I'm all for it. I'm all for it indie radio all the way
Well, you're over there. You know go check out wcradio stuff, but really big orange launch radio because it give them justice guys seriously
This is a fancy and it's a hardcore or life fight fan. I'm I should let this guy talk forever
He's like inflating my ego. I'm not gonna be able to get out the door. Oh
Yeah, I don't but really I do love the show and I don't want to get all mushy on air
But keep up the good work. I'll be listening. No, it's okay get a little mushy. It's fine. All right
No, we appreciate the call. Of course speedy. Have a great day. Even if you do hate the Wii, okay
Okay, I don't hate the Wii. All right. I know I know it's like the DS was when it first came out
There's a lot of games just like yeah, who gives a shit, you know Nintendo got a mash
Yeah, no, but you know, it's a third party
I'll agree the third party games on the Wii do kind of sucks by the time. It'll be good. Yeah
Yeah, exactly. He's got there. They're got their game right now. So
Don't walk out of the room ever. All right. Hey, we gotta go take other calls
But thanks so much for your call and best of luck with the WC radio. Okay. Thank you very much
I tell everybody at WC radio. We said hey, okay. Hey, all right
But like on Facebook you poke them. We said we were sending WC radio a poke right now. We're just we'll send him a poke
Fish yeah, Facebook is weird cuz weird random people are like adding me now. I'm like, I don't go to school here anything. How are you?
All
right, well
Not to PC radio, but maybe they're on Facebook. But orange launch radio is also on Facebook
I should give that a plug search for ol army. We have another call higher on orange launch radio. Who's this?
Hi, this is Alex kid from a former Sega fame. How you doing? Hi Alex kid
Wow, I'm really sorry to hear about your career. Whatever happened to you. Oh, well, I retired in 1990 and rather I didn't retire
I got fired by Sega. They wanted to bring in that stupid fucking rodent sonic. Uh-huh. Think you're all familiar with him. Yeah, are you better?
At all about that. No, cuz see here's what I think. I think he's only had one good game in the past five years
I think
It's high time that Sega brings me back. Do you think so bring it back all the classic stuff with Nintendo?
Why don't they bring me back? Have you written Sega?
Have you talked to your people to talk to Sega's people about I think a class to come back
I I've been writing them for years and I you know, I had a restraining order like six years ago
But that's that's expired now. I should talk to you know be world after them. I mean what they'll happen. I
don't know like
Shinobi world was like the last thing I ever did and
Then they just threw this hedgehog at me and I couldn't well damn it. I mean, I mean Alex kid you
Alex kid you sure you certainly don't know how to play this really bad at this game Alex kid
Um, you didn't have blast processing
No, but I mean look look I could go on the 360 and sell 10 more 10 times more copies
Which would be 10 copies of the Sonic the Hedgehog game?
All right, well 360 Alex kid is there a way we would see you on a virtual console at some point I
I I don't know. Oh, I'd like to I I'd started writing in Nintendo and I started telling them, you know
Bring back those master system games because nobody played them because your system kicked up kicked our systems ass. What happened there?
Why didn't you go to Nintendo if that's where you're feeling the love Alex? Why didn't you go over to Nintendo?
Do you know at the time it was a?
Hiroshi Yamauchi and he gave me the finger and
And you know, I don't know don't you mean he gave you rock and you had scissors?
Hahaha
Shut up. I
Mean seriously Alex. That was the worst part of your fucking game who thought of putting rock-paper-scissors in a video game
I hey, I'm gonna spend money on a video game so I can play rock-paper-scissors
Did you ever play tech mobile? It's the same fucking thing. It's fucking rock-paper-scissors kid. You got a dirty mouth
I'm gonna walk. Yeah, I know so, you know what this I'm giving it back to my buddy DMN. Hold on
Multiple personality disorder live on the air
Sorry about that guys. Oh wow you
Hey, you kind of look like Alex kid without glasses. It's amazing. Yeah, what's on your mind DMN? Um, nothing
He Alex kid came over wanted a call. It was frightening. Oh, so I can hang up on you then
No, cuz I actually have a guest announcement for STFU next week. All right, who's on STFU Thursday nights here on oil?
Um, your buddy Loki actually really? Yeah traitor
You were on it too you big jerk
I know I know well I was on it when it was his early days to like lend support
I was like, oh I'm taking pity on these poor guys who had this little crap show. I'm gonna know I'm kidding
STFU is great, obviously, you know, what what be sure to make fun of you like ten times the amount of my soccer con show
You jerk. Let's see
What do we have here? A funny Dale says Derek H is better than DMN
what and
Let's said that wait. Wait, who said that funny Dale? Okay. Hold on a second here. No kicking funny Dale because you disagree with him
Huh? No kicking funny Dale because you disagree with him
Okay
The Rob D says I believe Derek H said he's too straight to listen to olr
Whatever
If you don't know what we're talking about or is the reference to one of our sister programs all games interactive
Brother sister inbred cousin whatever you want to say. I'm too straight to listen though
DMN any quick thoughts we're gonna take one more call before we take a break here. Um
You should play luminous live because it's pretty fun. It's $20. I
Know but I have luminous or not luminous live. Sorry luminous plus I have luminous on xbox 360
I don't need it luminous plus $20. All right, that's your $20 you ever spend you're wrong, but have a nice day
Anyway, you're wrong. Shut up. All right. Ah, I love hanging up on him one more call
We'll go over here. Hi. Hello to you too. Hi. You're on orange launch radio. Who's this? Hey, it's a share
I say show what's on your mind buddy? No rice. I finally got final fancy 12 rice princess cheering over here
You finally that's right fall fancy 12 finally made its way to the UK shores this week and
Thank you for not still it spoiling it because it's fucking epic
I it is it is fucking epic in every system where you've probably actually played more of it than I have because my friends stole
It there's one of my one of my friends will only play Final Fantasy games
It's the only games he'll play and he took my PlayStation 2 when Final Fantasy 12 came out. Oh,
Should be more for that. All right. Well, uh, you gotta take a moment to sell the you know
The listeners who feel that orange lounge radio is too gay for their tastes then Final Fantasy 12 probably is too
So sell our listeners on orange our sell sell our listeners on Final Fantasy 12 if you would
Um, get it because it's like epic and if you play Final Fantasy 11, you'll love it because
It's just fucking it's Final Fantasy 11, but with an actual story
I guess rice princess made a face because she hates Final Fantasy 11
I hate 11, but I love 12 because and there's a bunny lady named Fran
She can look at her butt. So that's why you should play the game
But Maury in our chat room says fucking epic is now my new phrase of the week
Today's secret word every time you hear the secret word screaming out
All right, so that's all you've been playing as fun as 12 non-stop
Pretty much. How is the cosplay over there when the game came out?
Did you go one of those midnight parties with the cosplay and all that stuff?
Um, I went to my local Astra midnight and I was like two people queuing up for it. And that was it
I was quite shocked. Don't you love how they call it a queue?
Is he gonna go into battlegrounds? No
No, we're just teasing
Anything else going on in British news that we are might be overlooking what hey, I got a question for you
What's a game that still hasn't come out over there that we have over here? That's pissing you off. Was there anything? Um,
Supernova
Dance Dance Revolution supernova. Oh, yeah dancing stage supernova cuz heaven forbid I say revolution in a British territory
But oh, that's I don't know I could well why else don't they call it Dance Dance Revolution over there? I don't know
Anyhow, um, well, they're really they have a completely different song list right station one. So I don't know
Did they call it Dance Dance Revolution on PlayStation 1?
Yeah, that's weird first mix
What don't you get it like in two weeks? Like it's really close to coming out, isn't it? I
Think so, but I don't know if that's a real release date
We're getting a DDR
Universe next week and I'm pretty excited about that. Yeah, I'm very excited about DDR universe
So dancing stage universe should be making its way over there. I mean soon enough. I imagine
Alright, well say sure we got to end our part a here and get into part B, but thanks so much for your call
All right, buddy. All right. All right. See you next week. Take care of my friends. I sexy face
You make your flirty so obvious rice princess, did you add rice princess on my face yet? Yes, I did. Oh, yes
I guess corresponding at all. Maybe it's in your business. Okay
More to come next week's episode. All right. Take care Seisha
See you. All right, if you didn't get through right now, don't worry
The phone lines will be open again in part B
So, please don't get your panties in a bunch that you did not make it onto the show
Because the phone lines will be open to get in part B. We just had a little extra time
We want to make this part an hour and a half. So there you have it some phone calls
But we are gonna take a break and when we come back
We're gonna be back with part B. Dark Sakura is gonna be here in pre tape form also beat the host
One of our favorite olr games we're gonna be beating robbing the ass and actually I'm glad lanky style is here
Cuz you probably be better at it. You would be good. How do you feel about classic arcade games? That's this week's topic
I feel good
Yes
I think I honestly if you guys want to challenge tonight lanky styles like I knew that he would if you want to make fun
Of one of the hosts of orange lounge radio rice princess would be a good one to pick on cuz she'll bomb it
She'll get one she eats rice
All right, and I will tell you how you can be the listener that battles them very soon a little bit later on
But for now, we're gonna take a break. We'll be back in a little bit with orange lounge radio part B
Orange lounge radio is taped live on Sunday nights and his podcast to the world twice a week
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's orange lounge radio
