Orange Lounge Radio
These are hosts, Dark Sakura, Sky, and Loco
Tonight, February 18th, 2007, new arcade games are revealed, including Tekken 6 and Silent Hill.
Someone in the know violates Microsoft's partner, NetNDA, and could rare be developing something for a Nintendo platform?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast dedicated to what you, the gamer, really want to know about,
and a little bit of gaming culture, geek culture, pop culture types of fare.
I'm here to help you through the next few hours of Orange Lounge Radio.
My name is Rob Roberts, and joining me as always, say hello to Jamie Summers, Dark Sakura.
Ah!
Whoa, the angsty, loud Dark Sakura. How are you?
Um, I hate people.
I'm sorry to hear it. Why do you hate people?
Because they drive slowly.
What are you talking about?
And cut me off in traffic.
It's always traffic with you, girl. What is it this time?
No, no, I also hate Starbucks for their extra hot tea that we got for you that scalded me.
I need tea. If you can't tell, my voice is a little bit off tonight again,
because I was screaming at Rocky last night, and you know, now I'm paying for today.
I'm still on the tin can mic. Although, I listened to last week's playback,
and what I noticed is that I was very loud, so I apologize for that,
so I've adjusted the audio for this week.
That's okay, we're used to it.
But on the playback, because it's a lowered bit rate on the podcast,
it didn't sound as bad. It didn't sound as tin can.
As usual?
So I don't think it'll be so bad.
The show sucked, but I was good.
Really?
I'm just kidding.
I'm just kidding.
That's surprising.
No. What? What the?
I'm doing it the whole time, and you're like, lalalalala.
Have you been like snorting crack today?
No, I had a frappuccino.
Oh, goodie.
Here we go, it's another one of those shows.
A crappuccino?
Say hello as well to Loki.
I forgot that I turned the mic off, so I didn't catch that last comment.
That's why I didn't call you a tech mouse to Loki tonight,
because apparently you forgot how to work sound equipment. Good job.
The winner is you.
Hey.
We hope you have enjoyed.
I know how to use sound equipment.
Do you?
Yes.
All right.
Well, we have some special guests with us in the studio tonight.
They're extra special. They have their own bus.
It's going to be another very interesting week here at Orange Lounge Radio.
The feedback from last week is that you guys liked a little bit of the silliness we had going on last week,
so we brought some of the silliest people we know to the program.
Say hello to one of the Orange Lounge Radio...
Oh, god damn it.
Oh, I get the mailbag.
No. No mailbag for you. Sorry.
Apparently none of us remember how to use sound tonight.
Say hello to one of the Orange Lounge Radio lesbians. Chris.
Hi, kids.
How are you doing, Chris?
Well, I just had Starbucks, so I'm a little bit more awake, so I'm okay.
It's been a long weekend.
Propagino. Propagino.
Say hello to one of the Orange Lounge Radio gays, Casper the Gay.
I'm yummy.
Are you trying to imitate my voice in the opening?
No.
And also say hello to somebody brand new.
She's losing her Orange Lounge cherry tonight.
She's brand new to the program.
It's Marissa.
Hello.
How are you, Marissa?
I love it when you talk nerdy to me.
All right.
Marissa is the originator of Uta's brassieres.
I would like to point out, whatever brassiere Marissa has on tonight, you know, I might be gay, but I can't help but look.
Marissa, you have to do it for the listeners so that they hear the original Uta's brassieres.
Should I do it right now or later?
Sure. Why not? Why not?
Well, the Uta's brassiere thing originated because I am a A-B-C-D-E-F-G-H-A-B-H-H-H-H.
No.
For all you nerds out there, I am wearing a...
I'm a geek too. I'm just a music geek.
I am a double G.
So my sisters were complaining about the types of bras that they get to wear.
And I thought this was the most ridiculous thing ever because it is awkward changing in the locker room.
But they have all these choices, you know, spangly this and clear straps this and that and, you know,
zebra bras and all they get to wear are Uta's brassieres.
You know, Nazi bras from the Third Reich.
You won't wear them and you will like them.
In old country, teeth did not fly free.
They were disciplined and they stood at attention like rockets.
So that's where it came from.
Of course, we have our chat room.
We would never have a show complete without our chat room.
Is the chat room going insane?
Well, the minute Marissa says double G.
Alpha Catagram says double G.
Shadow's Liar says this is the best show ever.
Fire Bulma says keep this girl.
Now, because the show is about video games, we need to kind of confess.
Marissa, you're not a hardcore gamer, are you?
No, because I've been depressed ever since they stopped making King's Quest.
Okay, but so you used to play like the old school adventure games, right?
Oh, I was obsessed with it, yeah. I was obsessed with all of them.
Have you heard about the King's Quest fan project?
The Silver Lining? We host the demo on orangeonshooter.com.
I hadn't heard of the brand new one, although I downloaded, I guess,
Sierra as opposed to Sierra and made remakes of the really, really old school ones.
I think I downloaded those.
I remember hearing about that. Cool.
Did you play Space Quest and some of the other stuff too?
Space Quest, Indiana Jones and the Fate of Atlantis is my personal favorite.
I love that one. Sam & Max Full Throttle.
God, you know, I had scum VM on my computer, so I just relived all of my memories on that.
But I didn't get into Siberia, which I was told I was supposed to like Siberia
because it was the new adventure game, but it did get a little boring.
Sometimes it's tough to live up to the classics, you know, when people say,
oh, there's this new game out and it's like the classic.
But then you play it and it's really not, you know.
It's true, but I think a lot of the appeal of the adventure games was the humor,
and Siberia kind of lacked that.
I've been eaten by a grue.
I've got to say, Jared J. in chat says, she loves King's Quest?
Oh, my God, marry me.
Marissa's taken, yes?
Oh, yes, but for a little self-whoring,
MySpace.com slash Marissa Meisel, M-A-R-I-S-S-A M-E-I-Z-E-L.
It's like Marissa Meisel. I'm a musician.
I was going to say, you know, of course, when guests come on real radio,
they pimp out their stuff, so you're actually a legit musician.
What kind of music do you do?
Folk rock without it being too whiny.
Folk rock. That's a genre. That's pretty awesome.
Acoustic guitar, yes.
Is that like Enya hardcore?
Who can say where the dub goes, where the duh-duh, only time.
It's like Peter, Paul, and Mary with electric guitar.
Puff the Magic Dragon, fuck you.
That whole thing? That's cool.
All right, I was going to say, as a legitimate musician,
what do you think about Guitar Hero?
Ho, ho, ho, ho, ho.
Is this a good ho-ho-ho or a bad ho-ho-ho?
Okay, what? Really quickly so we can get to the crux of the show here.
What do you think of Guitar Hero? Good thing, bad thing?
I've already sworn on the show. Am I allowed to again?
It's on the Internet. Fuck, shit, cock, cunt, piss, whore, whatever you want.
I fucking hate Guitar Hero!
Why do you hate Guitar Hero?
Well, I guess it's fun, but learning to play guitar gets you laid.
Playing video game guitar, it's not.
Well, no, it's only good fun, and I like that it brings attention to classic music,
but the most interesting part is that musicians suck at Guitar Hero,
just like real dancers suck at DDR.
It's true. They have videos of guys on the Internet
playing their own songs on Guitar Heroes, and they fucking suck at them.
Like, it's sad.
It's really, really funny.
Meg Z, when she has a Guitar Hero demo set up at her GameStop,
and they sit there and they ask her,
so does this teach you how to play a real guitar?
She goes, no, it doesn't.
No, but that's what it advertises. No, it doesn't.
And she has to get through to people to tell them it does not teach you how to play guitar.
I would like to say Jared Jay has changed his mind on Marissa.
Oh, shit, now I hate you. Go fuck a goat.
Go fuck a goat.
Aw.
But classic rock is good, huh?
You'll learn to embrace when the listeners tell you to go fuck things.
I like go fuck a cactus. That's my favorite.
Does that give me any points?
Rice Princess is going to make a cameo real quick.
Hi, Irene.
Oh, Marissa, Rice Princess.
Sorry, I'm introducing myself. Hi, Chris.
Rice Princess, Irene.
Okay, what's up, Rice Princess? How you doing?
I'm okay. I'm sick.
You brought a posse with you. What is this?
I brought my posse.
Introduce your posse real quick.
Okay, this is Chance.
Hey, what's up?
Real quickly, because we're not going to have time to have everybody on the show.
Chance, what type of games do you like?
PS2 games, like RPG games and action games.
Wow.
Wow and World of Warcraft?
Wow, yeah.
How about board games like Cold Set? Ever play that?
No, I play Axis and Allies and Risk.
Oh, you're like an old school gamer.
Yeah.
Okay, you like to do it the slow way. All right, who else is here?
My brother, Chris.
Hi, brother Chris.
What's up?
What type of games are you into, brother Chris?
I don't play video games. They're the devil.
He doesn't play video games.
He plays WoW.
We're not picking him up on the mic either, but he says he doesn't play video games.
I'm Chris and I am a butt.
All right, video games suck.
And this is Heather.
Hi, Heather.
Hi, Heather. Come up real quick.
You can't be shy.
How are you, Heather?
Great. How are you?
Good. Do you play video games?
Kind of. I'm a button masher. Sorry to say.
Button masher? What type of games do you play? Get the mic a little closer to your mouth.
Halo, Soul Calibur, Burnout.
Are you any good at Gears of War?
Never played it.
We're looking for some good players for Gears of War for something I can't talk about yet,
but we need to put together a team for Gears of War, and I'm very scared.
Interesting.
Pick that one up and check it out.
Okay.
Okay? And let me know how it goes. All right.
So what is this now, Rice Princess? Is this, like, one of those, like, swelled ego things after the last show?
You, you know, you got, like, a fan letter, and now you have this swelled ego.
Hey, you know what? I got two.
And she has to have an entourage everywhere she goes.
Okay, no, no. I got two fan letters now.
Yeah, I'm taking over your show now. Sorry, Rob.
No.
Now, did you know that I'm moving in again?
This will be the last week of Orange Lounge Radio.
Hope you enjoyed the program while it lasted.
Shut up.
All right.
All right, anyway.
Okay, I'm going to let you get back.
This is from show one.
Irene, you were here for show one, weren't you?
I totally was.
That was three studios ago.
Yeah, seriously, I remember.
All right, well, just like old times, you should go clean my kitchen.
Just like old times, I should punch you in your gong.
All right.
All right, anyway, we got to keep the show moving.
We got to get back to games.
Here you go.
Let's start. How was your gaming week, Dark Sakura?
For my gaming, I did massage.
Actually, no, we, Dan repaired our whodunnit, so I actually played some pinball.
And I played, I brought my PS2 over here, and we never played it.
I heard you brought it over here for Silent Hill,
but the meek latov was like, no, my panties are bunched too tight.
I can't play Silent Hill tonight.
Well, I also brought Crazy Taxi, and we didn't play it.
Crazy money.
For PS2?
Yeah.
You can only play that on Dreamcast.
I'm sorry.
I just grabbed a handful of stuff.
All right.
Interesting.
That's it?
Really?
Nothing else?
That's all right.
That's all right.
You're a busy girl.
Can't play games all the time.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was fun.
I played all, basically I just played only Crackdown, the full Crackdown.
Yeah, you got the retail release, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, so you're one of those bastards that got it early.
Because street dates don't apply to me.
Okay, well, sorry.
So yeah, I'm about two-thirds way through the game already, and it's worth it.
I really cannot wait until everyone else gets it so I can play some co-op.
It's actually pretty funny, because if you watch some of the AI, especially the AI drivers,
they're horrible.
In fact, I was trying to kill this one guy, and I heard all this crashing going on below
me, and there was a freeway below me, so I got on the edge and looked down, and there
was this giant pileup of cars, and you can actually see cars being ejected out of the
tunnel and just getting thrown into the ocean, and it was hilarious, and I had nothing to
do with it.
It was just the crabby AI drivers just crashed into each other and just launched cars into
the air.
Some Crackdown comments from our chatroom at chat.orangehonestradio.com.
Let's see, olarmyblaze says, okay, well, whoop-de-fucking-doo, Mr. I work in distribution.
But jeremytel1 has a serious question.
Loki, is the game too easy like I think it will be?
Like, are all the bosses really easy to kill once you start leveling up?
It gets harder as you go on, because the first, the Los Maritos bosses are pretty easy, but
then when you get to the second, the Volk are a lot harder.
They're not necessarily harder to kill, but it's more elaborate to get to them.
You can't just climb a building and boom, there they are.
And then everybody starts carrying rocket launchers, and it just gets a little complicated.
So, it does get harder as you go on.
It's just, also, I mean, there are three different difficulties, so if you're playing now the
standard one, it is going to be pretty easy going through the whole game, but, you know,
if you want more of a challenge, play on a harder difficulty.
But I think you'll be, at least, you know, play through the whole game, and then, you
know, if you want to go back and play it harder, definitely play the more challenging difficulties.
I think, as it is, it gets kind of hard, especially when you get towards the last gang, the Asian
gang, it's just, they're crazy, the amount of people that they throw at you, so, I don't
know, it does get harder, though.
Alright.
Anything else at your gaming week besides Crackdown?
Grand Theft Auto Vice City Stories still.
Still, after all this time.
Oh yeah, we'll be playing until the next game comes out.
Alright.
One other question here, Jay Dorian asks, low-key, how does the full game's world compare
to the demo?
How much bigger does it feel?
Well, the demo, it was just pretty much half of the first island, it's not even the whole
first island, and the game feels huge, I mean, like, you get, I can't recognize certain areas
of the game, I mean, you can get lost pretty easy in it, so it does feel very large, it's,
there's a ton of places to explore, I've been practically everywhere in these last, the
first two islands or whatever, and I've only found about less than a third of the secret
orbs, and just over half of the agility orbs, and I'm already, I've already maxed out my
strength, and I'm about to max out my explosives, so it's, I mean, it, there's just a ton of
stuff to explore.
I did like the achievement, there's one achievement for killing people with this globe, it's a
giant globe that you find at the observatory.
Is it like the Lochmar?
No.
It's like a giant, like, metal globe, and you have to kill 15 people with it, and that
was fun.
Do you bowl them over or something?
Something like that, you basically kind of toss it onto them.
Throw it at their head.
Yeah, throw it at their head.
Interesting.
I kill people all the time by throwing things at their head.
It's just, the fun part's gonna be coming to, I think, the co-op gameplay, because you
can just run around and do whatever the fuck you want in that game, that's gonna be fun,
and what's kind of neat about it, and you don't really notice this in the demo, the
full game, you can actually have people jump in and out of your game while you're playing,
so.
I heard about that, that sounds pretty intuitive, but is that as good as it sounds, you think?
Yeah, it's just gonna be people jumping in and out, and you don't necessarily have to
play with them, they'll just, you know, they can go fuck around in your city or whatever,
so that's gonna be kind of cool, and then, I think, I remember hearing a long time ago
that one of the downloads that they were gonna have for Crackdown was a replay editor or
something like that, where you can record your own gameplay, so that might be pretty
fun to share that with people.
Anything else?
That's it.
Alright, real quickly, I haven't done a lot this week.
I finally have taken a WoW character, World of Warcraft, further than I ever have before.
My character finally hit level 30, so I got, thank you, thank you.
I got Cheetah Form finally, and I'm halfway to 60, but now that means nothing, because
70 is the new cap, so.
But, as I swore to myself before, if I make it all the way to 40, I will finally buy Burning
Crusade, because that means I must actually be into Warcraft enough.
I don't have Burning Crusade yet, because I don't see the point of getting it, if I'm
not gonna.
Blood elves!
Blood elves are awesome, but seriously, on my server, everyone is playing Blood elves.
Everyone.
Yeah, I'll talk about that later.
Alright, and then I also played Paperboy, which is awesome.
On the Xbox 360, the old game, it translates pretty well to the Xbox 360, I gotta say,
because the game itself was kinda widescreen, like a little bit, like if you remember the
old cabinet it was in, it was kinda widescreen, so they didn't have to smush it or anything,
and the vertical bars aren't quite as big.
The achievements are kinda smart, they're not like really super duper easy, but not
super duper hard either, like the previous games, but I think Paperboy itself was a much
harder game than I remember.
Paperboy is one of those few truly original games, so definitely I recommend you guys
check out the demo if you're 360 owners, because if you never played Paperboy, at least play
the first level that the demo gives you, I think you'll find it's creative enough and
original enough of a game to necessitate buying the full game.
And they have co-op modes, and I think there's a competitive mode, I can't remember, because
I haven't taken it online yet, because most of my week's been on Warcraft, unfortunately.
I tried to get more achievements in Fusion Frenzy 2, but honestly, I couldn't tolerate
the game long enough to do it.
Like I got so fed up, I was like, oh my god, this game sucks, I turned it off.
I was like, it's not worth it.
I don't care what achievement point challenges are going on right now, I will earn them somewhere
else.
I can't do it.
Fusion Frenzy 2 is just that bad.
Chris, how was your gaming week?
I have become a World of Warcraft nerd.
Congratulations!
Yeah, clap for me, I need it.
Yeah, I just, I'm on only two of the servers, one is the noob one, which is where everyone
starts out.
Hydraxis, I think?
I don't know, I can't pronounce names.
And I've got like ten characters on there that haven't even reached level 15.
That's alright, you've got to start somewhere.
Yeah, and then I've got, but I have Burning Crusades, because if I'm going to get it,
I'm going to get all of it.
And it's really funny, on both the elves, because you know, when you start off a new
character, they all start with that little cinema, and they all say it with the elves,
it's like, it's like the elves, like, the last of their races, everybody is a fucking
elf!
Everyone is a blood elf, everyone is a night elf, they're all over, like, they're all
over the frickin' place, it's like, last of my, last of the race, my ass.
But the Draenei, oh my god, I don't care what anyone says, those things are hot.
I love the Draenei.
The Draenei girls are pretty hot.
Ugh, their Russian accents make me horny.
Please don't hold back.
I love those things so much, I think they were supposed to be something else, but I
like them being aliens, it's amusing.
Every time I hear the Draenei females speak, though, I can't help but think, Boris, look,
it's Musen's room!
Yeah, it was, it's like, not enough rage!
You know, I just love those things.
So, if anyone wants to find me, I get, I mean, go to Jamie's MySpace, I'm on MySpace, so
You're in my top eight.
She's in, I'm in her top eight.
You're in the Orange Lounge top, actually.
I am?
You are.
I feel so special.
You are.
Yeah, send me a note, I'll tell you who I am.
Seriously, I suck, I don't know how to type in general yet.
You know how, like, when you, so if somebody knows, please inform me.
I seriously don't, I know how, like, I know how to type.
You type slash one.
Really?
Slash one, space, and then whatever you want to say.
Oh, god dammit.
You know, it's just like, interesting things pop up, and it's really funny when the Horde
shows up.
It's like, because they got, like, a 60, like, what is it, a 70 level Horde came in the other
day, and like, there was like a billion people on that, on the server, and they all ganged
up on the Horde, and the Horde's sitting there like, ah, I killed everything, we killed
the Horde.
I love the Horde, I love the Horde.
I have actually a lot of Horde characters.
That's good.
It's just really funny when they show up, because I think they're all, the one, someone
explained to me, the Alliance is a bunch of noobs, who don't know, like, children who
don't know anything, and the Horde is a bunch of assholes.
Yeah, so I'm on the Horde side, definitely.
Yeah, of course.
I've got both, but.
Well, now that they have blood elves, you're starting to see a lot of the noob-ness on
the Horde side.
The blood elf males are the only ones that I can stand, because they're not all butch.
Well, they're very gay.
I know, I love them.
They're so, it's like, can I help you?
I'm looking, and Uni is jumping up and down, going, ooh, it's slash one, type slash one.
Thank you.
Uni's being very helpful.
Thank you.
She's noob-friendly.
Some people come up to me, you know what, that game is the most, WoW is the most frustrating
fucking game in the world, because there are people walking around you, and I'm not used
to that.
I'm not used to MMOs.
I've never played them.
And so, somebody comes up to me, do you want to duel?
No, thank you, decline.
Five seconds later, do you want to duel by the same frickin' person over and over and
over again?
I had to tell this guy, leave me the fuck alone, I'm on a quest, I have to get the candles.
Or what was Irene's story from, I think she told it on the air last week, she said something
about make wool, or something, and the guy traded the wool, and was like, no, I don't
do cloth guarding.
Back me wool, please.
Which totally didn't speak English, it was great.
So now her character is actually named back me wool.
Back me wool.
It's awesome.
So when you guys all come into Ravencrest to play on the official server of Orzammar
I'm going to get back and play, Aerie Peak, hi.
Oh no, we all band in Aerie Peak.
Aerie Peak, the problem with Aerie Peak, it's the first one on the list alphabetically.
Oops, none of us ever thought of that, so Aerie Peak went downhill real quick.
Ooh.
You can pay for my account and I'll play again.
Pay for your account, Jamie.
No, set up a PayPal.
I'll pay for your account.
Don't give me that look!
God, she gives me that look every time I offer to pay for something, shut up!
We'll talk about it after the show.
Okay.
Oh, I got that look.
I'm gonna get that look.
All you need to do is some sweet lovin'.
So I'm gonna go on break right now, hey guys, let's go in here, there's two of us.
Yeah, we'll be right back, guys.
Wow, wow.
All right.
They're fighting.
This is the hottest episode of Orange Lounge ever.
I can't believe we're offering to eat pussy over World of Warcraft.
Girls are gonna eat each other out over World of Warcraft.
Name one other place on the internet you will ever find this.
Name one other place on the internet you will ever find this.
Hey, to quote Randall, I love the cock.
I just had to defend myself here.
All right.
Oh, sorry.
All right.
Cock-loving Marissa.
Wait, wait, wait, how many of us have shoes off?
I have my shoes off.
My half-Japanese boyfriend would kick my ass.
If Marissa takes off her shoes, then it's Mississippi orgy.
Mississippi orgy!
All right.
Woo!
Explain the Mississippi orgy thing again for anybody who's new.
State law in Mississippi is that if three or more people, and at least one of them is,
I think, no, it's three more people with one person of an opposite gender in the room,
it's an orgy.
With your socks and shoes off.
Or with your shoes off.
I'm sorry.
There you go.
We are having a Mississippi orgy on Orange Lounge radio.
Jeremy Todd 1 says, I disagree, Rob.
The episode with the Mississippi orgy was the hottest episode ever.
Well, here you go.
That's why I told Marissa to take off her shoes.
Return of the Mississippi orgy.
Now we need some shine and we're set.
Marissa, I know you're not the biggest gamer in the world, but has there been anything
you've been playing lately?
Actually, I bought my first gaming system ever because I was just so obsessed with reliving
the adventure games with ScummVM that I actually finally went out and I bought a DS.
I'd like to personally thank Nintendo, I swear to God, for bringing women back into gaming
because every chick I know is so excited about the Wii.
So yeah, that's the first gaming system where I actually went, ooh, I want it.
You know, this is a very profound thing we're talking about here because from our perspective
as hardcore gamers, you're always reading on the game blogs about Nintendo's trying
to get the casual gamers back into gaming.
How can we get the casual gamers back into gaming?
So I ask you, you're saying the DS is the first system you have ever bought with your
own money.
What made you do it?
Well, I've always been broke so that has something to do with the fact that I didn't have one
before.
Quite frankly, PC gaming isn't the equivalent to a game system.
She wants Link's ass.
What?
She wants Link's ass.
The Rob D says, every chick I know is excited about the Wii.
I know, every chick.
Oh, the gaming system, never mind.
Get it?
Uh-huh, uh-huh, give me that.
The DS just offered something completely new as far as the touchscreen interface and you
could play Game Boy Advance, which was cool, you know, double deal.
And it's accessible.
I mean, it really is for people like me who are kind of dyslexic and all the buttons and
the functions, et cetera.
You know, and that's what they say.
Is it the fact that you look at an Xbox 360 controller and you're like, too many buttons.
What the fuck is that?
That's a spaceship.
Well, the original controller was a fucking spaceship for the original Xbox, that is.
But yeah, I mean, I think it could potentially get people into gaming again because it seems
like there isn't a single, I mean, I'm sure that there can be some recommendations, but
there aren't a lot of mainstream ways to just completely reintroduce somebody into gaming
who's used to the, you know, classic Nintendo, ah, God bless it, you know, two-button interface.
So I think that the Wii is a great, you know, I think they ultimately could become more
successful with more complicated gaming, et cetera.
But Cooking Mama is fun.
Oh, God, not another one.
Cooking Mama.
Oh, God.
Don't worry, Mama will fix it.
I actually, I'm burnt out on it though, I will admit.
I went off the show.
A very special listener sent me pictures of Mama cosplay, which you'll hear about later.
Can I tell the Mama cosplayer, go outside, please?
It's on my phone, I'll show you, the Mama cosplayer was great.
You also need to go outside.
You know what, you need to bite my ass, but to quote Chris in a non-literal sense.
I do have to complain though, and this is really old school gaming, but my friend told
me to try to get into RPGs to try Morrowind, and I bought a video game to play, not to
read, not to walk every fucking where, I just had to say that.
However, here's a really awesome picture of me in a hat.
Have you ever, actually speaking of Morrowind, have you ever played Elder Scrolls Oblivion,
ever?
Like, it's kind of an adventure game, it's pretty as hell, off the show to you some day.
No, I haven't.
It's very pretty.
It's fun.
Well, I don't have an Xbox, but Chris has an Xbox, yes.
It's for 360.
He plays black all the time.
Wow, who's doing that cosplay, do we know?
That's funny.
It's some convention.
That's great.
See someone calling Mama.
Oh, is that something Mama sent you from the, oh, my bad, am I not supposed to spoil?
For the record.
I love that look, Jamie.
Stop pouting.
Bad Rob.
So cute.
Bad Rob.
All right, then let's keep the show moving so we can get to some news and whatever it
is.
I'll show you movement.
All right.
Bowel movement.
All right, anyhow, let's get to some gaming news, thankfully, oh, God, yes, we need some
gaming news here on this program.
So who's going to start us off tonight?
Oh, I know, we actually talk about games once in a while.
In fact, get this, you know what, Chris, we actually get some exclusives.
Those are like things you haven't heard anywhere else yet.
Oh, my God, really?
Exactly.
So, Loki.
That's amazing.
Loki's going to tell us.
She sounds like she's coming.
Never mind.
Why don't you all go back to whatever you were doing before?
Just, all right.
Anyways, so like last week how we had some exclusive dates for the Microsoft games, today
we come with a brand new company, Midway.
We have a whole lineup for their games and the core subject of the change, you know,
like a certain Halo 3 date, you know, which I still believe that that game.
Oh, yes, I forgot to mention the Halo 3 official teaser came out this week and there it is
right there, Fall 2007.
And Loki had said on this show previously, what, April or May or something?
May, but...
Wrong.
Well, here's why, okay, and I have a couple reasons why I think they're doing this.
One, it's a big Christmas, you know, they don't have a big Christmas game coming out.
Two, I think they thought that the PlayStation 3 was going to be in a better position to,
you know, where there might actually be a threat.
You know, right now I don't see PlayStation 3s flying off the shelves and they certainly
don't have the lineup for it, so, you know, you don't need to put the game out right now.
And to be honest, I think the game will probably be done by May, but they'll just hold it until
Christmas, you know, so they can capitalize on that stuff.
So lesson learned about the distribution dates, I mean, we've said it before, this isn't anything
we didn't tell you when we said the Halo 3 date the first time, dates are subject to
change.
Retailers push things back all the time, you read about this on blogs, so we can tell you
how things are now, but unforeseen circumstances will push games back.
One perfect example of this would be Stranglehold for PlayStation 3 and the 360.
Originally that was scheduled to be out, what, December of last year, and now it's pushed
all the way, it's my birthday by the way, September 11th, and it'll be also available
in the collector's edition, which is, it looks like a pretty cool game, you know, John Woo
and stuff.
Anyways, Mortal Kombat Armageddon for the Wii is scheduled to come out April 18th, and
that looks actually pretty fun.
Also we'll be getting Hour of Victory on the Xbox 360, yet another World War II first person
shooter.
Also Blacksite Area 51, also scheduled for September, September 12th on PlayStation 3
and 360.
Also in September, Unreal Tournament 3 on the 360, that's the 19th.
And then Mortal Kombat's coming out on the DS on October 17th, why?
I mean has there ever been a good handheld Mortal Kombat, ever, ever?
If you have a Nomad.
Okay I don't.
Well, a Nomad's just a Genesis.
But you said handheld.
That's cheating.
No it's not.
You cheated.
You're a cheating cheater.
Also scheduled the same date, Wheelman, on PlayStation 3 and 360, that brand new Vin Diesel
movie slash game, that's going to be coming out.
Some other interesting stuff from Nintendo, they're going to have the official Nintendo
headset for the DS coming out April 22nd, and a couple delays, well actually one delay
here for you, MLB 07, the show for the PlayStation 3 has been delayed to April 24th.
So yay.
Lots of dates.
All right, well thank you very much for those dates.
Looking at the chatroom, Fireboma says Mortal Kombat better be Wi-Fi.
Maybe that's the reason to have it on DS.
Actually, Tekken Dark Resurrection, that's a good point.
Who said that?
That is a good point.
There was also...
Alpha Canagram.
Good job.
Mortal Kombat Deception's Unchained on the PSP that came out in November.
All right, so I think back to those crappy Game Boy ones.
Come on.
Surely you played...
Like they had characters cut out of them, and they were bad.
Oh, Game Boy.
I mean, come on, you can't really play a game with like two buttons anyway.
Why bother?
At least with the DS, you've got six buttons, so you can at least do kind of what you had
on the Super Nintendo, at the very least.
All right.
Well, speaking of things that are announced, this time in the arcade, we don't talk about
the arcade scene an awful lot, but obviously, if you know the history of Orange Lounge Radio,
we started as a station for the first few years we were doing this, we were strictly
about music games and what was going on with the music-based games.
So of course, Dance Dance Revolution is a game we've loved for a long time.
That's how we all met, actually, was through DDR.
So with great pleasure, we can talk about DDR Supernova 2, which was officially announced
at AOU 2007.
Of course, DDR kind of came back after a little slumber.
DDR hibernated for a little while and came back with Supernova last year.
And now, that's all you have, though, is there was a little teaser poster that just said
Dance Dance Revolution Supernova 2.
That's really all we know.
It's coming, but that's a good sign.
Are you surprised?
For me, yes, because it's arcade.
If this was a home version, no, that's not a surprise at all.
But as far as a arcade release goes, yeah, I think it is a little bit of a surprise.
Because of the fact that DDR took such a long break, I think to get a new game announced
so quickly, despite the rumors of the 200, 300 song expansion, whatever it is, which
is probably this, I think it's great.
I wonder what that says, because I can't read Japanese, obviously.
So it says 2000, I wonder if it's like spring, fall, summer.
Let me give it a look, but I will do that after I deliver some other news to us.
Why the hell does this look like, I want to say, like some crappy Pokemon logo or something?
Where's the damn poster?
Because Pokemon's very lame.
Chris has problems with you calling Pokemon lame.
And Pokemon is the only game that I really, truly loved first.
You know, DDR Supernova 2, I think it's going to be a Jewish game, if you notice there's
like almost like a Star of David in the background there.
Wow.
You know, our resident Jew in the room has made a face in regards to that.
Actually, Loki's married to a Jew too, so he gets to make the jokes through proxy.
He's into Judaism, if you know what I mean.
Marissa's boyfriend is half Japanese with a very Japanese mother, so she gets to make
all the Japanese jokes, so she's okay by proxy too.
There you go, alright.
Good.
Do I get to make Jewish jokes because I know you?
But I am!
Dammit.
Okay, I do believe that that says, looking at that, that is, I want to say winter.
I'm pretty sure that that's the kanji for 2007 winter.
Kyle Snyder's in chat, who's somewhat of a well-known DDR persona.
Hi Kyle!
And he thinks the following will show up in Supernova 2.
These are the official Kyle Snyder predictions.
Fly Away remix, Stargate Heaven, Future Love mix, Flow, Jem and Reggae mix, VJ Army, G2
and Outer Limits.
I wouldn't mind if VJ Army showed up.
That would be rad.
Alright.
Well, you know what else is absolutely completely 100% rad and even more super cool than DDR?
Me.
Me!
Your mom is cooler than DDR.
Which is true because I like your mom.
Your mom's really cool.
Okay.
But not in a, not in a, you know.
Not in a homosexual way.
Not in a MILF way.
Okay.
Alright.
Um, but Silent Hill is coming to the arcade, and yes, I know, everybody already knows about
it, so shut up.
There is...
Orange Lounge Radio reporting the news you already know about.
There is a Silent Hill in development for the arcade, not really major too much about
it out, it's just called Silent Hill the Arcade, supposed to be a gun game with a big curtain
around it and...
That's like a lasso.
Ooh, Pyramid Head.
But, um, it looks really blurry.
Well, I'm thinking it's just going for the look of Silent Hill, like it's probably going
to be foggy and have that whole ambience to it.
I'm sorry, the PlayStation 2 looked better than that.
That curtain's gotta go.
That curtain isn't gonna last.
That curtain that's on the thing, though, yeah.
Little kids at Golf Land will rip that shit off in five seconds.
My whole fear regarding this, though, is that it's gonna turn and it's gonna be like House
of the Dead clone, and it better not be, or I will personally go to Konami of Japan with
a tank.
I will tape that.
If Akira Yomoka has anything to do with this, I'm okay with it, because I know I respect
that man so much.
If it's really cool, I will personally, I mean, hug him.
Mercy, are you a big Silent Hill fan?
I'm sorry, Chris, we were not making it up to you.
I don't go see a lot of movies, not because I'm a hermit, because I don't like paying
eight dollars and seeing a movie that sucks.
I drive my feet, stick to the floor, and the smell of vomit or whatever else goes on in
the theater.
So I haven't seen a lot of movies.
Do you like scary games?
You ever thought about playing a scary video game?
I was the best girlfriend in the world when I bought my boyfriend, who couldn't afford
anything.
I bought him a, neither could I, technically, I bought him a GameCube, and god damn it,
I'm having an eternal darkness.
Resident Evil 4.
I bought him Resident Evil for the GameCube, and he just had a heart attack.
I like the suspenseful games, but sometimes they can just piss you off, and make you want
to kill something, like in the game.
Trauma Sender!
Trauma Sender is amazing!
Trauma Sender makes me want to kill things.
Oh!
Stab your knife into the patient.
I love, that's my favorite thing to do when I get frustrated in Trauma Centers, I just
whip out the scalpel and go, just start stabbing the patient.
Just start trying to kill the patient.
Exactly.
You know what I like to do in Trauma Center now that I'm in school to be a massage therapist?
Let's begin the operation!
I like tracing out their muscles, because I know where they are now.
Blaze says Trauma Center equals love.
By the way, just because I'm proud of myself, I made a 92 on my anatomy test.
Yay!
Back to games.
Can I get a technical geek on?
Can I get a technical geek on?
Is that a SM58?
I have no idea.
So now I totally know how to relax the piriformis when you have sciatic pain.
Speaking of Silent Hill, when does this come out?
I did know, and then I closed the article.
Let me down.
No!
No, they don't actually say.
I just hope the curtain was just to protect the press at this arcade show, because that
curtain is so old.
It would only be in America that the curtain would be in any game.
The curtain was basically to give it a dark, eerie feeling.
The curtain gives you the feeling of playing it in a hefty bag.
That's what the curtain gives you the feeling of.
If they want to really make it a thing, they should do it like how that crap-tastic Jurassic
Park game is, where you can sit down.
If they come out with the typing of the Silent Hill, I will retire from video game everything,
because everything I need in the world has been done.
I still play Typing of the Dead.
What if it were like Guitar Freaks crossed with Silent Hill?
That's stupid.
It would be Ki-Tar that you read.
Pyramid Head rocks out.
You have to fight them with the power of rock.
That's Guitaro Man gone lame.
No, we should have Silent Ki-Tar.
Cassio the Shooting!
You can kill them with Hall and Oates, okay?
You can kill anyone with Hall and Oates.
Speaking of slightly lame, let's talk about Tekken 6.
Yes, Tekken 6 is slightly lame.
Why?
Because the screenshots in the trailer that they've shown of it look kind of lame.
And not even really up to par to Virtua Fighter 5.
But nonetheless, we'll be coming to arcades soon.
And we'll be featuring also two new characters, Leo and Zafina.
Both of which look very generic.
So hooray.
But it looks like it will have the same visual quality of Tekken 5 Dark Resurrection.
And um...
Okay, wait, what were the characters' names again, Leo?
Leo and Zafina.
Okay, now keep in mind I've never seen pictures of these characters.
I don't even know if they've leaked out.
But I'm going to make some bold predictions, okay, knowing the Tekken series.
I'm going to say Leo is shirtless.
And Zafina has humongous breasts that will bounce.
You're wrong about shirtless.
Every character in Tekken is shirtless.
Even one of the chicks, I think.
Leo looks like a chick, who also looks like someone that was ripped from Final Fantasy
X.
No, Leo looks like one of the Bogards, a little bit.
Okay, Leo looks like a chick, anyways.
And then...
That's a guy.
And then Zafina, well, she's your chick that's, you know, of course she has big boobs, but...
She's your...
You ain't bad.
Your ethnic chick.
What, is she a belly dancer?
What the hell is that?
Probably.
Your belly...
That's so wrong.
I don't know.
Oh well, easy access, I suppose.
Either way, it looks kind of neat.
They're going to have, it looks like from the trailer, they're going to have different
ways you can kind of build up your characters and stuff.
I don't know, it looks okay, but really, do you really need to push better graphics with
fighting games?
Just make it fun.
Yay.
Yay for that, actually.
Marisa says she's yay for that.
Alright.
So they do need to push more boob physics with Dead or Alive 3, or Dead or Alive 5,
I guess that would be.
Jamie, you're a Tekken fangirl, are you excited about Tekken 6, or is this a little too much
of one thing, or what?
I'm always excited over anything that has Jin in it.
Yeah, I was going to say, as long as Jin's in it, right?
And Asuka now, because Asuka's kind of...
Well here, I'm going to write a letter on Jamie's behalf to Namco.
Dear Namco...
May I?
May I?
May I?
May I?
Sit down.
Shut up.
Let me speak.
Okay, here we go.
Rob, you talk too much.
I know.
Even our fans think so too.
No, I know.
It's funny.
Okay, then here's my letter.
Dear fans, suck it.
Alright, here we go, back to Jamie's letter.
No, no, that's G4.
Dear Namco Bandai.
Jin!
Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god!
No, no, no, no.
Love, Jamie.
No, no, no.
Jin has also carried over to Asuka.
P.S.
Asuka!
P.S.
Oh my god, boobs.
Mike W. says, my ears bleed.
Rondo of Blood, the fighting game.
Fireboma says, write it in blood.
Uni says, I'm going to smack Rob for not being nice to D.S.
I bite back.
For the record, I'm so sick of how many shadows your game could fucking render if it still
sucks.
For the record.
That's how we feel, but we don't know how to put it so eloquently to the developers.
Would you like to write a letter to the developers of games?
What if it went like that?
Alright.
It's like, great, now you have a really shiny, highly rendered piece of shit.
That dookie looks mighty fine, I mean, I can see like, it's obvious you ate corn.
It's like, wow, she looks really lifelike, too bad that she clips through people and
is stuck in the stage.
I love the blood elves in World of Warcraft because they levitate over bridges because
the clipping is so awful.
In certain places they do.
Anyhow, let's talk about something very sexy.
Besides me, Ikaruga is a shooter game.
You know Ikaruga, right?
It's like the one where you press buttons to change the color of your show because there's
like red bullets and I think it was purple bullets and red bullets.
It's like black and white, but the black is kind of purplish.
It's so awesome.
You have these bullets and you need to change the color, it's such a great shooter.
What's happening is that Ikaruga is going to be coming to Xbox Live Arcade and the way
they found this out was on an Xbox 360 debug unit through the partner net.
And I think somebody a little later is going to be talking a little more about this whole
partner net leak thing, but certainly Ikaruga was the highlight of the games announced for
that, so that's very sexy.
Ikaruga is sexy.
Ikaruga is a sexy ass game.
We need radiant silver guns still though.
So I'm very excited about that, that'll be awesome.
Ikaruga, that is just like so, well I'll tell you something else though that's relatively
sexy.
That is if you are a big collector like me and a SKU has shown up at GameCrazy, which
I cannot confirm for my husband's GameCrazy because he hasn't seen fit to tell me, sorry,
for a black Xbox 360 and it has been confirmed by several GameCrazies.
Isn't this like the fourth week in a row there's been some type of black Xbox 360 story on
the internet?
Yes, and GamersReports.com would like to let you know that they had the story first because
it's posted on every single follow up story.
It's on every freaking gaming site once, look I don't give a shit about that.
What I want to ask about is who cares, take a Sharpie to the Xbox 360 you have now and
make it black if you care that much.
Dark Soccer, why?
The original Xbox was black.
But we had the Halo one.
Yeah but here's the thing though about it, I think it's not really a fact that it's black,
it's just that it's going to have a 120 gig hard drive supposedly and they think that's
also going to have an HDMI out.
I can tell you right now.
And a bigger penis.
I can tell you right now either way it's just going to be a disappointment.
That's all it's going to be is a big disappointment for you.
So great they're going to announce that, they're going to announce the 512 card or memory unit
or whatever and everybody's like oh yay we can download more crap.
I'm sorry I just had to weigh in on this subject because I think Nintendo, it's the stupidest
thing in the world but I think they made a big mistake with the GameCube.
Well actually I got my X for the GameCube but they made it purple.
Because guys were afraid of having a purple GameCube.
Hey be glad that we didn't get the orange one.
Mine was silver.
It was indigo okay.
It was blue and by the way I had the black ones so.
In Japan they had orange ones.
That makes you extra hetero.
Okay the black ones.
Tigerclaw says Sky you know that old saying once you go black you never go back.
Is that true Dark Soccer?
Is that why you need the black Xbox 360 so bad?
I want it to match my Saturn.
Among other things.
Here's the thing though about you're going to get this nice fancy black Xbox 360 and
then oh wait the controllers are white, the Xbox HD DVD player is white, oh wait the remote
is white.
Hmm that sucks.
I really don't give two shits, maybe half of one but you know it's for people who say
oh wait you know fine you've got a new one but whatever and for the record the Sega Saturn
did initially come out in white in Japan.
Do we really need.
Check your sources.
James Patrick asked in chat Dark Soccer should sell the halo one they're worth a bit of money
now.
Um the fuck I will.
Yeah I know I have a halo one as well.
Why would I sell it?
What would I play my Xbox games on?
Keep in mind if I sell my Xbox that drops me down to 42 video game systems.
I have an orange one.
But 42 is the answer to everything.
Gaming Nerd says I'd love a nice pink 360 to match my pink PS2.
In related news Gaming Nerd is my favorite chatter ever.
Actually when I replace my JPS2 I'm going to get the Sakura PS2 which is sort of a purpley
color.
Purpley.
And it's the Sakura one so it's mine.
Mine.
Anyways.
I do I have my own brand of condoms.
Speaking of partnering that a little bit.
What?
Well did she say that in a mic?
Yes I did.
Okay you know you know that okay I gotta tell you this this is totally off the subject but
I gotta say okay I think over at All Games Interactive you know our buddy show our sister
I think Scott likes to tease you a little bit on that show because he'll yell out random
things like I like blueberry muffins and then he'll say he's just impersonating dark sakura
and now I totally see where that comes from.
I have my own brand of condoms.
What?
No pass the mic to Chris.
Jamie and I when we hang out we go down to Japan town and we go to Ichiban-Kon.
Ichiban-Kon.
Ichiban-Kon thank you.
And they've got a bunch of imports from Japan and one time we found Sakura condoms.
I'm like Jamie look your condoms.
And Chris said that and I repeated what she said only I had the mic in my hand.
Yeah see.
So that wasn't random you just weren't paying attention.
I was.
Bad host.
Hold on.
Bad host.
Whatever.
Whatever.
Those are Sakura brand those are not dark sakura.
It's one third your show too.
But they were in a dark box.
That does not count.
Yes it does.
That's just like saying okay that would be just like saying oh the Whitman chocolates
out there oh they must be my brand chocolates because it's very close to my last name white
man.
You can go outside and look up.
It's me Skye.
You could do that.
Any.
Anyways.
I think that also put you in the category of I invented the internet.
By the way I am everywhere.
Sorry Loki you had something to say.
Are you finished?
Are you finished?
Yes we're finished.
Thank you.
So let's talk about partner net.
Partner net's been around forever and then I guess just everybody forgot their NDA's
regarding partner net because you do not talk about partner net that's first rule of partner
net.
Yeah right.
Yeah right.
Everyone I know who's ever had partner net which isn't us because we're not cool enough
they they they blab partner net.
I mean we we're we know enough that you don't post it on blogs and things but oh god.
People who have partner net don't show up.
Anyways so.
They think they're special.
So yeah it they found someone took some video of it and they found out about more pic or
more games coming out.
None of which I'm too surprised about.
I mean some of these have already been announced.
Rare's jet pack you know game that's coming out later on they've already announced that.
Juice 2007 already been announced.
Absolute who the hell knows what that is.
Obzpinball yay.
Joe Pinball.
Tetris Online which I think might actually be that Tetris Evolution or whatever that's
coming out in March whatever or maybe another downloadable game.
Great two different Tetrises and then some Halo 2 maps that were already announced.
So yeah very exciting.
Great great more stuff coming out.
You know like I said you can't talk about them.
Although there are other websites so I've I was reading some comments that they were
posting that will actually do partner net updates on their blog but I guess they're
so far under the radar that no one notices that they're doing that stuff.
That's great.
But yeah that's a good way to get yourself in a lot of trouble with Microsoft.
You know breaking NDA like that so.
Yeah apparently one of the bigger sites that had a movie got asked to take it down.
Ooh snap.
Anyhow something else that came down just about as fast as it went up was the Xbox rewards
challenge.
Remember this?
You can inflate your internet penis by increasing your gamer score by fifteen hundred points
and you win I don't know crappy gamer pics in a crappy game fusion frenzy in the highest
level.
Well everybody tried to register it once and the site just blew up.
I mean nobody could get on there nobody could register.
Even now that you can get on there register the site is still kind of clunky when I got
on there and finally registered it was clunky.
Well Xbox's little concession for this whole thing is that they have extended the Xbox
reward challenge by three days.
So you have three whole more days to extend your gamer score by fifty hundred points and
people are bitching and complaining because they were like dude I took the day off of
work so I could be the first to inflate my gamer score so I could make sure that I'm
one of the ones that gets this game because you only said so many copies would be out
there and I'm saying if this is you my personal opinion of you is that you need to go out
and get a fucking life because seriously if you took the day off of work to stay home
and increase your gamer score for this competition Microsoft does not owe you anything.
Microsoft made the game Microsoft made the system that is what you bought.
This whole rewards thing is like somebody giving you something for free.
Microsoft did not owe you this.
Why are you so mad over that?
That's why I refuse to get mad about this I mean yeah it was a little frustrating as
I tried to go on the site but it's like you know what it's free stuff.
Quit your bitching and get like one of those diamond cards for free and then go get discounts
at other places.
Or go get a whore and have sex and get some of that energy out of your system because
seriously if you're getting that bent out of shape over the rewards program something's
wrong like a free game.
The grand prize is a free game.
Fusion Frenzy 2 which by the way is like one of the lamest games out there right now.
I know it's not even worth it I'm sorry.
So I'm like I'm sure people know that Fusion Frenzy 2 is not even worth it so I can think
of no other reason why people want to do this other than to say look at my giant internet
cock.
I got the free game in the Microsoft contest and let me be the first to tell you it's just
like you got into the Halo 3 beta.
Fucking everyone got into the Halo 3 beta.
Who cares?
My girlfriend's cock is bigger than yours.
It is.
You know what though if I if I went to somebody's house and they have it on display that's not
unlike well I have a friend that owns a magic card shop and they show me those player cards
you know with the pictures of the expert magic player it's like a guide of who not to have
sex with.
I'm sorry it is.
I mean I think Marissa I see Marissa speaking for like the girls who are like kind of just
not really associated with video games she's like from the outside oh okay well DS is cool
and you know so she comes in and sees you know a bunch of people freaking out over video
games and she goes wow I'm not fucking them.
Well who gives a crap if they you know they don't want to have or they're not going to
get you know laid by a girl.
That cuts into precious time that they could be earning more gamer score points.
Okay everyone I have dated has been a nerd okay this is on the record if anyone out there
knows Kaylee and SS Kaylee and a big anime music video editor so I put in my time and
I'm a music nerd okay that's all I have to say about that.
She's showing her creds she's literally whipping out her she's whipping out her cock and putting
it on the table.
I spent every day at school lunch in the library okay I have I put in my nerd time.
I have put in my time all right wow all right well anyway that's that's all I have to say
on the Xbox rewards program sorry for the little rant.
Well you know what that's pretty shitty however speaking of Microsoft and shitty but not in
a shit but okay I should say Microsoft and shitty but like not shitty.
We've been discussing Forza 2 lately the release date is in May in the United States.
It has been confirmed that it will be released in the UK in May this year so just to give
a little bit of background on that there are going to be a lot of different cars in this
there are 15 Ferraris, 2 Maseratis, 5 Lamborghinis, 13 Porsches, pretty much a lot of good stuff
there's actually I'm going to have the 1987 Porsche 959 in there so that's pretty cool.
So it's looking like a pretty cool racing game if you're into that sort of thing and
it will again have a May release in the UK as well as in the U.S. the PAL version sorry.
Isn't that nice?
That's pretty awesome and of course we're getting a lot more releases over here as well
not just Forza 2 which is still way off but this week though we've got some good stuff
including brand new Wii games Sonic and the Secret Rings is going to be finally heading
over to us so hopefully that one won't suck as bad as I know I don't know much about this
Sonic but will it redeem the series it looks to me honest it looks just like the older
Sonic games so I think that this will actually be pretty decent.
I haven't played it though so I can't say the control issues are going to still be there
even with the Wii being brand new systems and stuff and new control sets but I hope
it looks like it has some party games in it that are pretty fun so hopefully.
Other stuff coming out though we're going to have Virtua Fighter V on the Playstation
3 that's going to be coming out this week which is pretty awesome on the 360 the game
I've been playing and you've got to pick it up Crackdown as well also on the 360 there's
going to be NBA Street Home Court that one's going to be pretty awesome on the Playstation
2 Arena Football 2 Road to Glory if you're into that alternative type of game.
Then of course on the PC here we've got Supreme Commander on PC.
On the Playstation 3 download service Flow is supposed to finally make its way on the
22nd let's see here on the DS Ozuna Legend of the Unemployed Ninja which should be pretty
interesting and then also on PC Warfront Turning Point and also that's about it as far as the
good stuff.
Alright well moving on over to Japan where the video games come from a lot of times but
also you know especially when it comes to Xbox 360 the U.S. kind of gets them first
usually but it looks like they're doing a simultaneous release with Riot Act which is
what they're going to call Crackdown over in Japan Riot Act is coming out this week
over in Japan Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell Double Agent also gets a release on the 22nd of February
this week in Japan coming out on the Playstation 3 Spike is putting out not the same Spike
TV here it's a different company Untold Legends Dark Kingdom makes its way to Japan on the
Playstation 3 coming out on the Nintendo Wii Fire Emblem for the Wii that should be really
interesting also Naruto Shippuden Gekkito Ninja Taisen that should be interesting coming
out on February 22nd coming out on the Playstation 2 you get a whole lot of stuff over in Japan
what I thought was interesting though is that they're getting Destroy All Humans on the
Playstation 2 so a game that was popular enough over here made its way over to Japan so Lupin
the Third there's a Lupin 3 coming out in Japan I love Lupin the Third there's a whole
shitload of stuff on the Playstation 2 this week Pachii Slot like if you like Pachinko
and that kind of stuff you get that as well let's see the Prince of Tennis Card Hunter
Prince of Tennis is actually kind of a fun on me let's see what about some other systems
how about on the Nintendo DS you get Cats in Japan comes out SimCity DS as well and
one of my favorite titles although oh that's actually a US release date you didn't name
this one though did you Izuna Legend of the Unemployed Ninja oh did you I'm sorry I didn't
admit I didn't I was out of the room for a second I like that's my favorite name of the
week and it's not even a Japanese game let me let me check PSP no it's about this ninja
who goes around doing like odd jobs and stuff over on the PSP you get the Metal Slug complete
collection in Japan Monster Hunter Portable and Boku wa Koku Kan Saikan Airport Hero new
I am something Airport Hero that's awesome I think that if the if the other one was already
taken by the US and I'm gonna name that my favorite title of the week Airport Hero we
should just get another we should just get another Densha Dego it came with a controller
she could pilot a train my Airport Hero is a screening line that can actually like move
in a steady at a steady pace instead of backing up so I have to wait 45 minutes to take my
belt off to go through the x-rays hey Rob what are we done with Japan yeah yeah we have
other countries really we have our UK released I always thought Canadian was the 51st state
Rob what Rob what Puerto Rico what's Puerto Rico I've never heard of it Rob oh wait that's
Ricky Martin's home town Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob
Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob
Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob
Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob
Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob Rob,
Ghost Rider
on PlayStation 2 and PSP
Guilty Gear Dust Strikers on DS, I love Guilty Gear
Infernal on PC
Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Vegas on PSP and Hot Pixel on the 25th
on PSP
And that's it!
Okay, actually there's on the 27th, there's also Flipper Critters and Jade Empire but that's next week
Hot Pixel was that one PSP game that's kind of like WarioWare, right?
It's not coming out until August here, I think.
Hey, our UK friends get games first!
Wow, it's a first! Good job, UK!
Yeah, but too bad the game didn't look that good.
Too bad the guy's kind of crazy, he's like this old dude.
Oh yeah, that's right, he was talking to us and he was kind of creepy.
I got his card but I felt like...
Well, he's not going to come on the show now, sorry.
I just called him creepy. He has his own podcast, by the way.
Does he? I bet it's creepy.
Anyways, um...
So, apparently in the UK, there's this wonderful show called Watchdog that they investigate companies and stuff like that
that have either defective products or, you know, it's kind of like, I want to say there was something like this on Dateline
or something where they investigate different businesses and make sure that they're up to par or whatever.
So they're investigating Microsoft about the Xbox 360 because apparently they're saying that the...
You know, they have received 248 complaints about faulty Xbox 360s and, you know,
they're saying that the return rate was, you know, larger than Microsoft initially said
and that the fact that the owners had to spend, or some of the owners had to spend around 80 pounds
or about $156 to fix each of the units that just so happened to break after, you know, a year of purchasing the system.
You know, at the same time, I just...
Aren't they a little late on this? You know, I mean, wasn't this whole defective 360 story like about a year ago?
I... I don't know.
It takes time to build these cases, though, don't forget.
And it is the UK and, you know, everything's delayed, unfortunately with them, so...
Anyways, so Microsoft, of course, responded saying that the claims made by the show are, you know,
false, that the return rate of the Xbox 360 is significantly lower than the CE industry average of 3-5%.
Customer satisfaction is our highest priority and we do everything that we can to take care of the gamers
who may have problems with their consoles.
Anybody having an issue with their 360 should call customer service immediately so that we can help.
And, you know, to be honest, though, they did increase their warranty period for the 360 and...
I don't know, I think they're doing their part.
I mean, I would say, how are these 360s being broken?
I mean, if it's people, you know...
I still hear my customers talking about, oh, yeah, this game came back scratched because there's a ring in it now
because, you know, someone's jiggled their 360 while it's going and it carved a big ring into their disc.
So people are dumb.
I thought the X meant I shake it.
What? The system's not like the Wii controller? It's not motion sensitive?
Actually, to be honest, the system is motion sensitive.
It will know if you're laying it flat or if you're laying it upright.
It's true, it's true.
But that's a little, yeah, that's a little tiny little bubble that does that probably.
Anyhow, speaking of watchdog agencies, the biggest watchdog of them all is the government.
And Sam Brownback is a senator, a Republican senator, and he's also somebody who is running
for president in 2008, at least in Kansas, and he's exploring the Republican nomination
for the president of the United States.
Well, Sam Brownback is also one of the minds behind the Video Game Rating Act, and it has been reintroduced.
It was first introduced last September, but it is now being reintroduced for Senate.
If this was made law, what would happen is that the ESRB, you may remember us talking about this back in September,
the ESRB would have to play the final build of a game from the beginning to the end
until they could actually give it a rating.
Because I believe the way the ESRB works now, they're just filling out a questionnaire.
Maybe they play a little bit of the game, but that's about it, right?
Yeah, it's the same way the MPAA works, and I don't see anyone cracking down the MPAA.
I think the movies and the games should be done the exact same way.
Why not? Why not?
I think movies, TV, and games should all be done the exact same way. Why not?
Let me give a quick quote, and I think Marissa wants to chime in too.
Video game reviewers should be required to review the entire content of a game to ensure the accuracy of the rating.
The current video game rating system is not as accurate as it could be because reviewers do not see the full content of games
and do not even play the games they rate.
Boy, they're going to be screwed when they have to review Oblivion or an MMO.
Anyway, Marissa?
This issue in particular gets me really passionate.
I watched a great documentary called This Movie Is Not Yet Rated the other day about the MPAA.
I don't know if you've seen it.
I've heard of it, and I really want to see it, but I've heard it's just like Super Size Me resonated with McDonald's.
I heard this movie resonated with the MPAA.
The government should not step in, but interestingly enough, I think there's a problem when the industry regulates itself
because it creates a monopoly.
I don't understand, like, for movies, for example, you can go to website kidsandmine.com,
and it just lists specifically what is in the movie.
I don't think a rating system is a good idea because then people interject their opinion into it.
If you want to say there is sex in this, there's et cetera, and I know this is a really old Mimi,
but it still amazed me that people got upset about the hot coffee mod in Grand Theft Auto,
but they didn't have a problem with the fact that their five-year-old kid was killing hookers, et cetera.
Now, I like the game myself, but why is sex the problem?
Perfect example, the hot coffee thing.
I mean, granted, it was an interactive little mini-game, whose graphics were really bad, by the way,
but yet I don't hear anyone complaining that there's a fucking sex mini-game in the original God of War
and in God of War II, which there's full fucking titties in the goddamn game.
Because it wasn't hidden.
This wasn't...
Oh, it's not hidden.
Big deal.
It's an M-rated game.
The difference between a 17- and 18-year-old, can you really say mindset-wise?
I mean, granted, okay, one's a legal adult,
but mindset-wise, one's gonna know about boobies as much as the other one.
That's because they need to pull the corncob out of their ass
and stop fucking promoting a double fucking standard.
How would you feel if the video game was the exact same thing as the movie?
You pick up the box and on the back it says,
this game is rated R for sexuality and language.
And it still says sexual content.
Isn't that how they do it in Europe?
Yeah, the UK, it's the same system.
Okay, it said it was rated M for sexual content.
It was on there.
It didn't specify saying, oh, it's rated because of this minigame.
It said sexual content.
So this is really getting...
Now you're starting to get into semantics here about,
oh, well, is this sexual content that made it M-rated and not this sexual content?
Who gives a shit?
It's M, it says sexual content.
Do we need to do anything else?
No.
You know what?
People are stupid and there's a lot of...
I mean, no, I'm not saying this about everybody
because we have parents that listen to this program
and you're probably smart because you know how to download a podcast.
But there's a lot of stupid parents out there.
And for their benefit, you know, I'm going to give a little here.
It's about the world works with compromise, right?
My compromise is, okay, we will make one rating system.
So you don't have to think like, okay, I'm not that smart, so I have to translate.
And M means like an NC-17, okay?
Let's use one rating system across the board.
That's my compromise.
That way you stupid people don't have to memorize more than one system.
I'm pretty sure that's how we do it in Europe, isn't it?
And that makes perfect sense.
You know, as actually, it's funny, sort of related to that,
our good friend Rob with two Bs, I wasn't going to cover this in the mailbag,
but he sent me an article about parents were suing MySpace
for their daughter lying about being 18.
My sister says she's 19.
I'm not finished.
And their daughter going to meet up with this guy and then getting the hot nookie on.
And the parent was sued.
Well, as the article states, the judge was like, fuck you.
It was your job to police her.
That is the wrong person to be suing.
They need to sue the internet.
Internet is the blame.
Sue Al Gore for an event again.
Just to go ahead just a little bit into it.
It was a 12-year-old Texas girl lied about being 18,
met a 19-year-old man for dinner and a movie, and had some hot nookie.
And then the parents tried to sue MySpace for $30 million,
accusing the site of negligence.
But the judge in the case, Judge Sam Sparks, turned around.
And I quote, if anyone had a duty to protect Julie Doe,
it was her parents, not MySpace.
All right, and what's in Judge Sam Sparks?
Judge Sam Sparks is our American Citizen of the Week.
Yay.
Our hats off to you for telling this parent to go fuck herself.
The reason why I think it was worth noting
is that, and actually, our RobOTV's also mentioned it,
that this might actually set a precedence now
for future cases involving parental negligence.
I'm sorry.
I just get really passionate on this issue
for being exceptionally yappy.
But I mean, I agree with the idea of a rating system
because it is unfair that children feel a lot of pressure
nowadays to be hip and cool, et cetera,
and they want the same things we do,
which is a completely different rant of mine.
Sex?
Sex is cool, too.
But it's a completely different rant of mine
that we need to allow children to still be children and not
little adults.
But anyway, the only beef with the rating system
is, though, is that the GPG, et cetera, that, again,
is a personal opinion.
And actually, though, I think it makes it easier for parents,
for those who approve of more sexual content
because their own opinion or approve of less violence
or more violence, et cetera, you just
say explicitly what is in the game that
is different than saying, well, I believe
that this is because there's 12 different kinds of rated R
movies.
So there could be 12 different kinds of rated R games.
I know you look at a movie like Romeo and Michelle's
High School Reunion, that movie is rated R,
yet it's probably one of the most harmless movies
I've ever seen.
Like, it gets rated R because Janine Garofalo says fuck
like three times.
And then you look at a movie like Sin City
that's rated R, where like, you know,
fucking bullets through heads, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck
every other minute, titties everywhere.
You know, there's a big, big difference.
Well, here's the other thing, too.
And I hate how they always say, oh, we
need to put more responsibility on the ESRB
and rating these games.
No, you have to put more responsibility
on these parents who just ignore the ratings.
And they say, oh, I didn't know this content was in here.
Yeah, you didn't know because you didn't read.
And then you bought it for your five-year-old
because you'll do anything for your five-year-old
and you won't even question it.
You'll just like, OK, I'm going to buy him a fucking porno
then.
I mean, seriously, if that's going
to be such an issue with you, it's just I don't understand.
And I don't understand how, OK, granted the content
was hidden in the game.
OK, yippee, it's hidden in the game.
So if I created, say, a series of GameShark codes
or something like that and made a topless mod for Tomb Raider,
a very elaborate process I might add that would probably be,
then we get to sue IOS over that.
I mean, this is stuff that was created by someone else.
It wasn't even in the final version of the game.
And basically, you've pointed out
that this content is in there for parents that didn't know.
And even the parents that are suing about this
didn't know how to access the content in the game
or wasn't even aware.
Can I say this real quick?
I want to keep it moving.
But I got to say, I blame the media to some extent, too.
Because I bet if half the parents saw what the Tomb Raider
mod looks like or actually saw the mini game, they would go,
that's so stupid.
But parents listen to what the media says.
And the media says, did you know your child can do real fucking
in Grand Theft Auto, like power-fucking
with the X button, coming to Grand Theft Auto tonight
on Xdrop?
You know, and I think parents go off of what they hear
and not what they're actually seeing.
There's so much of that sensationalism that I think
takes everything to the nth degree.
I don't actually agree with that.
I'm just going to say this really quick.
Because do you remember how big that Super Bowl thing
with Janet Jackson was?
Her titty was on television for a half a second.
But it was covered.
It was covered.
It went and fucking freaked out, though.
It was covered with a stupid nipple shield.
I saw the exact same thing on Fucking Girls
Next Door, where she had a stupid sticker over her nipple.
And then that was acceptable.
It wasn't a sticker.
It was actually a piercing.
Dude, my grandma came out once and didn't
realize I was in the room.
And I didn't sue her.
Movies kill.
Movies kill.
It might have made me gay, but I didn't sue her.
I'm just kidding.
That's not what made me gay.
I firmly believe it's a biological thing.
Anyway, yeah, cock made me gay.
All right, anyhow.
Rheoma in chat says, Sky, never talk about that again.
But I'm serious.
I mean, what kid didn't accidentally
see a titty at some point, or a dick?
Duke Nukem had boobies in it, too.
Yeah, pixelated 8-bit boobies.
I mean, that's what they look like.
That's hot.
All right.
Anyhow, moving on.
Every week, we invite you to give your feedback here
on our program through our mailbag, among other things.
We like to be an interactive program.
Because it's not just about us.
It's not just about the three of us that run this program.
It's not just about Marissa or Chris or any of the other folks
you've heard.
Chris thinks it's all about her, but it's actually not.
We invite you guys to interact with us by the chat room,
by the voicemail, 1-877-GAME-OLR,
or through the email bag, which you can email us every week
at mailbag at orangeontraday.com.
We love getting your emails.
And DarkSakura, she's the queen of the mailbag.
She likes to jump in there and pull out
some of her favorite emails.
She's going to do that right now.
I'm going to pull it out.
I'm going to pull it out.
You should have said that on mic.
And GS68 says, and you penetrate her weak point
for massive damage.
Mailbag, please.
General alien crab bag.
I mean, wait.
Sorry.
Only.
WTB, mail.
Rob.
What?
Whatever.
Four emails.
The first one from, I'm not sure exactly what to say,
the nickname ask.
Can we try something new tonight?
When you say that we're going to do the first email,
what I'd like Chris to do is to say very sexily,
letter number one.
All right, so here we go.
So can we start from the top, please?
All right, here we go.
Say the first email.
OK, Chris.
Letter number one.
All right, very good.
Dear Rob, DarkSakura, and Loki, I just
wanted to say hello to you all and tell you
how much I enjoy your program.
I've been listening for a little over a year now.
I actually first found out about you guys
when looking for websites that were optimized to view on my PSP.
Hint, hint, hint, hint.
OLRPSP.com.
Anyway, what's the deal with Rice Princess?
She has a filthy, filthy mouth and is incredibly offensive.
You should have her on the show more often.
Keep up the good work.
Is Rice Princess still here?
Let me go find Rice Princess.
Talk smack about Rice Princess quick before I get her in here.
Oh my god, Irene is so, no.
I'm going to skip the, I'm going to go on to the next email.
Email number two.
You sounded like you had to go to the bathroom.
Oh, wait a minute.
We just read one of your fan letters on the program.
Oh, god, who won?
Is it true that you have an offensive, filthy mouth?
Fuck yeah.
Do you know any dirty jokes you can tell our listeners this week
because our emailer said they liked having you on the show
because you had a very offensive mouth.
So we just wanted you to say something offensive.
OK, poop.
That's pretty offensive.
That was on an offensive scale of 1 to 10.
That was like a 3.
OK, how about you lick the crusty poop out of my butt
and then you lick the crusty poop off my finger.
OK, I'm going to go.
OK, that was a 9.
That was a 9.
That was much better.
All right, thank you, Rice Princess.
Thank you for your contributions.
Do you want me to read it?
It's a good thing we haven't done any more your mama jokes.
All right.
Me too.
Do you want me to do it again?
Yeah, you already did.
OK.
OK, I already did the email.
This one is email number 2 from SpeedyF40.
A year and a half ago, I tuned into OLR for the first time
after finding it on Podcast Alley.
I was not hooked, but like a festering rash, the good kind.
Your show grew on me, and a year and a half later,
I am still here.
I have tuned into every show since that.
Orange Lounge Radio.
We're like the good kind of festering rash.
That's a really good compliment.
Rob, you guys are like the festering rash.
We're the festering rash of my love.
Could somebody who has not written a review on iTunes yet,
somebody in chat volunteered to do this?
OK, I want somebody in chat to yell out, claim this.
Go to iTunes and give us a five star review, which actually
everyone should do, hint, hint.
But I don't want everybody saying
the show is a festering rash.
So I want one person from chat to nominate themselves
to go write a five star review on iTunes and put,
this show is the festering rash of gaming podcasts.
The good kind.
The good kind.
Genital herpes is forever, and so is my love for Orange Lounge.
And that, OK, somebody can lay claim to that one too.
I like that one.
Can I finish reading this now?
Yes, you may.
OK.
Fester, Jamie, fester.
Bite my butt, but not really.
And you have even used one of my calls on air.
I love independent radio, and I feel
that your show is doing a service to the gamer community.
OLR has even inspired me to do my own show.
Loki, you suck because you don't like Max.
No, that's really not what he said.
OK.
He didn't say that.
I know some people may see you as an ass.
You are, just not all the time.
Most of the time I see you as an honest down to earth realist.
Loki, you set this story straight,
and your ties with the inside of the gaming world
give the show a sense of added credibility.
By the way, Apples do suck for gaming by a PC.
I would say in two to four years,
Apple computers will be a formidable gaming
computer for the average person.
Real gamers will stick with the PC,
but that is a whole other thing.
Jamie, your alternative views on gaming and the gaming culture
broaden my mind and keep ideas flowing through my head.
I love how you speak your mind, even though I
know we will have some political differences.
I hold your opinions on issues that
affect gamers in extremely high regards.
Well, thank you.
That makes me feel warm in a special place.
My ex-boyfriend actually had a good quote on that.
He said, Macintosh makes the best computer out there.
You know what the problem is?
Nobody cares.
Do you have another email, actually?
There's more.
OK, I want to do the sexy announcement,
because on the internet, I'm kind
of geek famous for being the voice of a character on LJ
Drama.
OK.
All right, well, the third one is to Rob.
Oh, yay.
You got a lot of balls being a gay gamer on the internet.
Pun intended.
When I jumped on air for my own show,
I would have to say that I model some of my on-air presence
from yours.
With me being straight guy, I come off
as being very enthusiastic.
I just don't get messages telling me I talk too much yet.
I love O-L-R. It is polished, and it is brilliant.
From your unconventional views on gaming and gaming culture
to the straight up format of the show, I love it.
I would not be who I am today on the internet and in real life
if it was not for you guys.
Independent radio for the win.
Speedy F40.
P.S. Tell Rice Princess I have a crush on her
because she sounds like a freak.
Wow.
Hey, Irene.
You have a fan.
That's very, oh, wait.
Didn't he say he ran his own podcast?
What is it?
Didn't say.
Is this his Speedy F40?
Is there like a signature or something?
He has a crush on you because you're a freak.
That's what he said.
Is you're a freak.
Speedy F40.
Oh, hi.
Dude, if you're listening, and we're
pretty sure that you are because you're amazing,
send us a link to your podcast, and we'll plug you.
Totally.
We want to pimp that podcast.
We will totally plug you in the most awesome way.
Seriously, not to spend too much time talking about ourselves.
Because I don't want to be like that.
But that's truly one of the best compliments we could ever get.
Oh, wait, it's on here.
Oh, wait, is it?
Oh, great.
WCradio.com, 5 PM Eastern time on Saturday.
Oh, it's part of the WC Radio, Warcraft Radio,
like a huge radio thing.
Really, it's Warcraft?
Yeah, isn't it?
Warcraft Radio.
Or maybe this is just a, I'm not sure if this is his or not,
but it's in the signature.
So check it out, maybe?
Well, hey, if you were going to spend all day playing
World of Warcraft, I know the soundtrack gets old,
so you might as well listen to Warcraft Radio, right?
So go for it.
That's very cool.
And that's truly one of the best compliments.
But can I say something about the gay issue
without turning the show too gay as it is already?
It's already gay.
It's actually not really been a big deal
for me to be gay on this program.
Because I give a lot of props to the gaming community.
And I think the youth in general is that I really
don't think people seem to care.
And I think if they do care, they're not listening.
So hey, all for the best.
This probably isn't their type of show anyway.
If it was something they care about,
they'd probably want to listen to bigot Radio.
But most people that have listened to this program
really don't care.
I think that speaks volumes about the gaming community
is that, hey, there's nothing wrong with being gay.
But I don't want this to be the gay show either,
because that's not all I am.
And I think people get that wrong impression about me
sometimes is that I'm the gay gamer,
and that's all I can think about is how much cock is in my games.
At least you're not the titty queen.
Yeah, we plug the lesbian thing on me just because it's funny.
It's for the straight men.
This segment is getting entirely too gay.
All right, sorry.
I just want to sit.
Talk about your joystick some more.
Wait, wait, sexy, please.
Except that boobs are hot.
Oh, I was just going to say, it's not all gay radio
unless you talk about your joystick too much.
Rawr.
Oh, oh.
Hi, it's me, Victoria.
Email number three.
Dude, that was hot.
That was hot.
I got a semi.
Hey, OLR, I started World of Warcraft for the New Year.
I fell in love with WoW until I installed the Burning Crusade
expansion pack.
Oh my god, oh my god.
No, I would not interrupt you if this is not the best thing ever.
You interrupt me all the time.
No, I would not do this if this is not the best thing ever,
DarkSaga.
Trust me.
DJ Jenai says, maybe we should rename the show
to the games and you show.
G-A-Y, games and you.
I don't understand, but it went and started up.
So I reinstalled it like two times,
and eventually I just called Blizzard.
They told me that my graphics card just
happened to not be compatible with World of Warcraft.
He told me, luckily, I was able to play for a while,
but once I installed the expansion pack,
it stopped working.
I have a VIA S3G Unicrome Pro ITG graphics card.
So just don't want anyone who plays World of Warcraft
or is starting.
Just make sure that you should upgrade to a new graphics card
if you have the VIA S3G Unicrome Pro ITG graphics card.
So he has, like, an in the groove graphics card.
What?
Look.
He's got an in the groove graphics card.
Oh, IGT?
No, that shoots a hole in my joke.
PS, my cousin bought Burning Crusade for my birthday,
and now I can't play World of Warcraft at all.
Nice birthday present, isn't it?
Aw, don't cry, emo kid.
Tough advice from Chris.
I reinstalled it, and it was a pain in the ass.
But I've got a Mac, so I don't need to upgrade anything.
Next.
Wait, what number?
Shut up, Rosa.
This is from Let's Have Tea.
Email what?
Number four.
Email number four.
Hey there.
I don't know.
I think my semi went away, because she sounded 17.
Fuck you.
Remember, it's only porn if you tape it.
Hey there, OLR, Let's Have Tea here.
I have been a longtime listener, even though I have only
actually tuned into the live show a few times,
podcast for the win.
That's not what this email is about, though.
A few weeks back, you were talking
about the Wii being used as a fitness weight loss tool.
I was digging through Dig, ha, and came across a few
interesting articles.
One article was showing how somebody lost nine pounds
playing Wii Sports for 30 minutes a day for six weeks.
He didn't change his normal eating habits at all.
He just played the game more.
And that's because it's exercise.
Also, it's activity for 30 minutes.
It will raise the heart rate.
I burn weight doing massage three days a week for 30
minutes, so yeah.
You do any kind of exercise for 30 minutes a day, it's
going to do something.
If you don't eat McDonald's during that same length of
time, you'll lose twice as much.
Yeah, exactly.
Also, I saw another article about wrist weight with the
Wii logo on them.
Sure, they were fan-created concept products, but there
are similar products out there for similar workout
activities.
Would any of you consider using one of these wrist
weights while playing an actual workout tool?
I considered getting a pair of generic ones to make it
harder to play Wii tennis and actually give my friends a
chance at beating me.
What do you think of the whole Wii fitness idea?
Just to let you know, and this is just because of my recent
involvement in the health industry, I am not prescribing
nor recommending anything.
This is not a prescription, just to protect my ass.
You do run a risk of damaging your wrists using a wrist
weight with anything that you have to flick or
move your wrist with.
Wrist weights are actually not all that safe to use.
Exactly.
No one wants to break their masturbating wrist.
My problem is I would not want to put more effort into it.
I say stand up and do it, because you burn more
calories standing up.
My problem is that I would not want to wear the wrist
weights, because I would be afraid that my wrist would
hang down more than it already does.
Then you'd look uber gay.
There's a visual there.
You know, uh, radio visual joke.
Here, I got some advice.
Get up and go to the fucking gym.
I have no patience for people who sit there and say, you get
a great workout playing the video game.
No, you don't.
Actually, yeah, you do if you play DDR.
That's not the same thing, though.
Actually, not.
OK.
I can give you DDR.
I did get up and play.
It's a difference if you actually get up and move your
arm as opposed to sitting on the couch
and flicking your wrist.
If you get up and get into the game, you actually are
elevating your heart rate.
You are actually burning more than you are sitting down and
flicking your wrist.
Yeah, but you need to also stop eating junk food.
And you need to go outside in the sunshine.
And you need to check yourself into a gym so
you don't turn fat.
I see it as like steps.
Like if you want to do a little bit that's better than
nothing, you do the Wii.
If you want to go all the way in, you do the gym.
It's kind of like different levels.
I think that Wii Sports is a great springboard into
building up activity levels, especially if you've been
living a sedentary lifestyle.
If you're going from Uber, couch, internet, potato, to
moving, playing the game, first of all, that's actually
building up your energy, building up your endurance,
even if it's minute.
That is a good step into the next level of exercise.
See, unlike a lot of my friends since I live in LA, I
like to indulge in this activity on occasion.
It's called eating.
And actually, I'm actually completely pro on the idea of
working out with this.
Because quite frankly, it's not.
I mean, I completely agree with Chris.
It's good to get out of the house, et cetera.
No, I'm in complete agreement on that.
I agree with that, too.
But sometimes going to the gym sucks.
Let's face it, people go there to meet other people.
People are checking each other out.
And when I go in there and my fat ass, I am not interested
in that, I do want to get a workout.
And if I can do it at home and not be bored out of my brain
because the StairMaster goes nowhere, I feel like a
hamster wheel.
I feel like I'm on the hamster wheel of life.
That if you get to do a lot of playing games, great.
You pay $50 and you go up.
Dennis Leary for the win.
Yes, Dennis Leary.
Life sucks.
Get a helmet.
Yay, I'm sorry.
Another thing, though, is you know, and this is what I'm
going to do for my, because I used to be an utter gym
junkie before I developed chronic fatigue syndrome
because I was going to the gym five days a week.
I dropped something like 85 pounds in two and a half
years, which I hate you for.
Jamie used to have a few extra pounds, but she's lost it all.
She's hot.
I don't care saying I went from a size 22 to a size 12 in
two and a half years.
So I think, you know, going to the gym was good for me
because I actually like to lift weights because I like
being stronger.
But cardio is fucking boring.
So I'm actually, now that I have the OK to go back to the
gym, I'm actually going to be taking, OK, I've been slightly
obsessed with Dancing with the Stars lately after watching
Stacey Keebler's Legs.
So I'm going to actually take ballroom dancing.
You know what they should have?
They should have wee yoga.
Wee yoga would be amazing.
They kind of have something like that on Xbox.
And I think there was a version on GameCube.
I know there was on PS2.
It was that Think Fitness game or whatever.
I think it had yoga in it.
So that, you know, and I want the entire tardy listeners to
know that when I say, yeah, you can fucking go to the gym,
this is from experience, OK?
You can get off your ass and do it.
You just have to want it bad enough.
Nothing changes until you want it bad
enough to make it change.
Thank you, Jamie.
But would it be fair to say there's also alternatives?
Because we have a lot of folks in the chat saying gyms are
expensive or folks don't like the gym environment.
Like JB Monn says, gyms in the village in NYC are just big
bath houses with exercise equipment.
It's called going outside and walking.
There's alternatives.
And maybe go outside, run, go outside, walk, find a walking
buddy, do something to make yourself more fit.
But wouldn't this be at least a little baby step in the
right direction?
Yeah, I granted that.
I granted that.
I just, it's just people annoy me.
And for Ryoma, a special message for you.
Fuck your Yankee blue jeans.
Yay.
Anyway, there's more to that email.
There's more to that email.
Oh, more?
OK, wow.
A little bit.
We were at the end.
Again, I love the show.
And thank you so much for the many hours of entertainment
and news you have provided everyone.
I'm a quote, truck driver, pickup truck, ha ha.
And have to drive a little over an hour straight every
Saturday and Sunday.
So your podcast really helps pass the time.
Thanks again, and best wishes.
And it also says, let's have T rates as low as 4.65%.
Refinance $150,000 loan for $579 a month.
Amazing.
And you want to know what's funny?
Since I work in the mortgage industry, that actually isn't
really all that great in you unless you have an
interest-only loan.
Isn't that some ad that goes on the bottom of the email
automatically?
I think it's hilarious.
I work in the mortgage industry, so whenever I see
those things, I go, oh, that's shitty.
Because I know how to read loan documents.
It actually is another language.
Too bad this isn't a banking show.
Yeah, but I have tomorrow off, so suck it.
No, you suck it.
I have to work tomorrow.
Suck it twice, ha.
Suck it infinity.
Oh, yeah?
Oh, yes.
Well, you can eat a hairy clam.
Did she tell me to eat a hairy clit on?
Is that what?
She said a hairy clam.
Polish my pearl, Rob.
Fucking gross.
This show just got rated AO.
I can't believe.
I think in like, what is this?
Episode 220?
In 220 episodes of Orange House Radio, that was a
phallus thing that bitch has ever said to me.
I had the top Irene's crusty shit.
Oh, OK.
No, no, Rob.
Remember, you are a douchebag.
Yes, Rob, is the official douchebag of Orange House.
Why are you bringing up like five-year-old drama of a guy
that drives me nuts?
There's this guy who drives me.
Oh, it's like Neil's on a chalkboard.
No, no, no, I'm not going to say it, because I know I'm not
going to give attention.
I will say it.
He works for a major gaming blog now, and I'm just like,
oh, this guy's annoying.
Yeah, he called me a douchebag once at a DDR tournament, and
in my response, I was like, because Irene was with me, I
was like, oh my god, Irene, I'm vinegar and water.
Did you hear that?
You're clean.
Yes, at least I'm clean.
Cut your hair.
All right, anyway, that's it.
I don't want to get into drama, because I
really don't care.
I'm at least years old.
I don't even know why this person didn't
like me, to be honest.
Because he's fabulous.
I mean, I know why I don't like him, because
he didn't like me.
It's like, you started it.
He has an electrocuted corncob, but yes, it has this.
But just so tight that any time they pull it out, it bleeds.
All right, anyhow, can we please change the subject?
I don't want to talk about it.
I was just trying to talk about it.
The years old drama.
All right, somebody, please, anybody.
Oh, was that the end of the mailbag?
Yes, I told you.
Let's close the mailbag and get back into the news, please.
I blame Chris and Marissa for making me
a Tiger Clawed
That's all right.
Anyways, Tiger Clawed is not Gaming Steve.
That's Scott's issue.
I don't even know Gaming Steve.
Anyways, so speaking of idiotic, there's
a brand new channel added to the Wii this week called
Everybody Votes, which is not true, because not everybody
does vote.
They should.
You should be locked out for, yeah, anyways.
So yeah, the Everybody Votes channel,
and you get to vote on such wonderful topics like,
what's better, dogs or cats?
Woo-hoo.
Yay, that's fun.
Worth my Wii to be flashing, by the way,
and it's still flashing, because I have not turned it on
since the stupid channel came out.
But apparently, you can vote on these,
you find out the results, and then it
gets logged into your profile to how many you got right
versus how many you got wrong.
And I guess you can show people your Wii penis.
To be honest, I wish this channel was Everybody Poops,
because that would be a lot better.
That would be true, but should that
be a question, which do you prefer more in the bathroom,
one or two?
Well, with two, you can read.
I mean, one, you're, anyway, this is disgusting.
I actually think the channel is really cute.
I didn't have a problem with it.
I think it's, you know, it's not,
like, it's the perfect kind of, Nintendo did not
make any fanfare out of it.
This is probably just something that used to be a tech demo.
I mean, we're going to be seeing a lot of crap like this,
but Nintendo did not try to sell this to anyone.
They did not try to put it out, like, by the Wii,
because we had the Everyone Votes channel.
No, it's just like, hey, we're just
going to put this up because we're bored.
We're going to put up this Everyone Votes channel
just because we have it, and here it is.
And it reminds me of this old-ass game,
and I can't even remember what the name of the game is.
I hope somebody in chat remembers.
But it was by the people that did Acrophobia,
if you remember that game.
It was, like, a game show type thing
you could play on the computer.
And there was one that, like, had a game where
you were playing with, like, 50 other people,
and there were polls.
And you tried to guess how everybody else would answer,
and you moved up this little pyramid,
depending on how accurate you were.
This really reminds me of that.
It's not a game, per se, but it has tracked your predictions.
And when I did the Dogs and Cats,
I actually thought worldwide, because it's a worldwide catch
on, I thought cats would be more popular.
And I was wrong.
And when the results came in, I was like, oh, I
can't believe it.
And I was like, oh, I kind of just
got emotional over a video game, a stupid little thing.
So I mean, it was a little thrill, and it's free.
So I don't think it's a bad thing.
I think it's cute.
There are any kittens left because
of all the masturbating.
That's why.
I see.
All right, well, there you go.
Did anybody else try the voting channel?
I watched Extra for Do It last night.
Was it?
It was hot.
Was it cute, though?
I thought the channel was cute.
I hate the entire world because cats are more awesome.
Actually, I believe it was Switzerland
where cats outrank dogs.
So let's all move to Switzerland.
We have a Norway listener in chat tonight.
I love our Norwegian listener.
So Olaf, we need to get Olaf a cat, Olaf the Viking a cat.
I want pictures of, never mind, that's a Dr. Who reference.
Anyhow, sorry.
All right, so go vote if you want on your Wii right now.
Another thing you can do on your Wii right now is download
Kid Icarus, but you should know that some of the codes
that you may remember from your childhood, they don't work.
If you want to put in Icarus Fights Medusa Angels,
that code is not going to work.
There is a warning before you download it.
It says the original Kid Icarus allows players
to use secret passwords.
However, Virtual Console does not support these passwords.
And at first, I thought that meant passwords
weren't going to work at all.
And that's not true.
You still can use the old little jumble 0080C whatever type
passwords.
It's just the secret ones won't work because apparently
the original cartridge had an included module in it
to process the special codes.
I never realized that.
But don't the emulators emulate those codes?
So that seems so weird to me.
Like if you play this on Nesticle or whatever
those NES emulators are you use, can't you use those codes?
Yeah.
So I don't get it.
Because they're lazy?
Well, I don't know enough about hardware, I guess.
Because they're too busy working on everybody votes to,
I don't know, fix their Virtual Console stuff?
I don't think everybody votes was already done
in some capacity, I think, as some type of demonstration.
It's not that.
I'm talking about this thing here.
But really, maybe it was just done
so that people would have to see how fucking hard Kid
Icarus really was.
Because I think a lot of y'all forgot.
Because you used to use those passwords to just beat
the game.
But Kid Icarus is fucking hard.
It is, but it's awesome.
It is.
It's definitely worth your time.
I love that game.
It's worth $5.
She's going to be in the middle.
You'll never get a sequel.
Never.
Fuck you, I hate you.
Well, speaking of the Virtual Console,
we do actually have some other news.
There's a few of the Japan only games
that are going to be coming onto the US Virtual Console.
It's pretty cool.
It's actually with a conversation
with Nintendo of America senior VP, George Harrison.
They are looking into bringing some of the more successful
Japanese franchises that have that cult following in the US
on the Virtual Console.
Basically, those of us who are the niche gamers, they love us.
Nintendo loves us.
That's proof.
So they're talking about bringing over
some of the games if they can have them translated properly.
I'm sorry, but if they really loved us,
they would have made the fucking thing region free.
True.
However, they still haven't given me Guardian Legend.
Bastards.
Guardian Legend is that game we will always
bitch about that we will never get on Virtual Console.
Guardian Legend is the actually.
Greatest 8-bit game ever made.
That's all that needs to be said.
Indeed.
And then it's followed by the greatest 16-bit game ever made.
Rondo of Blood.
Now, I think about wasn't the MSX announced
as one of the systems they were going to emulate in Japan
on Virtual Console?
I do believe so.
Because if we get an MSX emulator on here,
do you know what that means we get?
Metal fucking gear.
The real sequel to Metal Gear 2?
Dude, that's it right there.
That's what I want.
You write that right under Guardian Legend on the wishlist.
On MSX, there were two Guardian Legend games.
That would be on the same list of, yeah, sure.
We'll implement online before we implement this shit.
Fuck you, I hate you.
But on the MSX, there actually were two Guardian Legend games.
It's called Guardia.
I've heard of Guardia.
I've never played it, but that would be hot.
I would settle for Guardia.
I had a photograph of it once that my MSX emulator
wouldn't run, so I was so upset.
And I'm sure that everyone's going to be, well,
I don't know if anyone's really going to be interested in this,
but apparently they're putting out Brunswick Pro
Bowling for Nintendo Wii, the PlayStation 2, and PSP.
Honestly, ask yourself, when ever, ever,
other than Wii Bowling, has there ever
been a good bowling game on any console?
You just said it, Wii Bowling.
Other than Wii Bowling.
The Tekken bowling game on Tekken.
Oh, shush.
It was fun.
For three seconds.
Can I be really lame and not console oriented
and say that elf bowling was awesome?
Whee!
How about, what's the one they had at the Metreon years ago,
Mega Bowling, or whatever that thing was for you?
Touch Bowling, the one with the, no, that wasn't at the Metreon.
This was the giant ball.
Dave & Busters has it, too.
Dave & Busters, with the giant screen.
Ahead of the Metron, too.
I remember this, because we played it there.
And Neo Geo Bowling, Ryoma says, and Clubhouse Games.
But because everybody loves Wii Bowling,
somebody said, let's turn this into an actual full-fledged
game.
Yeah, that's great.
Let's charge something that you can get, I don't know,
for free.
There's a pinball game called 9 Pin.
Well, let's just make another game that's
exactly the same as the last one and charge you money for it.
That's OK, because it's Brunswick Pro Bowling.
And I'm sure, to be honest, though, when it does come out,
it'd be like $20, so who gives a shit?
I mean, it's going to be cheap.
I mean, God crave.
I mean, I don't know.
The last, what was it, the last, they had some, I want to say,
Extreme Bowling 2006 that came out last year.
It was uber lame, by the way.
So hopefully, they will go with the same kind of gameplay
as Wii Bowling, but somehow, I think
they're going to fuck it up, because they always fuck it up.
Comments from chat.
James Patrick says, Elf Bowling, shooter.
DJ Jenai says, Elf Bowling, it's more fun if you're drunk.
DJ Dark Knight says, Simpson Bowling.
Alpha Canagram agrees, Tekken Bowling.
Gaming Nerd says, let's throw our Wiimotes directly
into our TVs and break them.
Oops, I thought I was holding a bowling ball.
At Def says, what I do want is a new baseball game for the Wii.
And Tiger Claw remembers, guys, what about Hyper Bowling?
It came with Microsoft Plus for the XP.
That's what it was.
It was called Hyper Bowling, but you actually
had a bowling ball, because that was the version of it
that they had in the arcades.
It was Hyper Bowling, but with an actual ball that you roll.
Anyway, forget it.
But I was excited that Tiger Claw reminded me
of the name of that.
Is that it, or any more stories?
Oh, next story is mine.
Whoops, my bad.
Ha ha, fail.
And it has to do with one of my very favorite countries,
the only other country I've really been to.
I can remember.
I went to the Caribbean when I was seven,
but that doesn't count.
So the only other country I've really been to is Canada.
And Canada, even though we have a lot of Canadian listeners,
things are kind of quiet gaming-wise in Canada.
I mean, sure, you got some of the game studios in Toronto,
Vancouver, but for the most part,
you don't hear a whole lot of big gaming news coming out
of Canada.
Well, now guess what?
ESA has their sights set on Canada,
because apparently Canada has pirates galore.
I think they're confusing pirates
with maple syrup or hockey.
A coalition of American media industry trade groups
is asking the US government to say
that Canada is on the list of the world's worst countries
when it comes to enforcing intellectual property
rights and fighting piracy.
This was from the seven-member IIPA,
International Intellectual Property Alliance.
And they're saying that Canada has
failed to deliver on promises of more stringent copyright laws
and stepped up enforcements for laws already on the books.
Quote, Canada remains far behind virtually all of its peers
in the industrialized world with respect to its efforts
to bring its copyright laws up to date
with the realities of the global digital networked environment.
Indeed, even the major developing countries
have progressed further and faster than Canada
in meeting the challenge.
Insert mandatory playing Canada joke here.
Hey, I just have a personal experience.
All my Canadian friends love Warcraft,
but then again, who doesn't, and pot,
and preferably at the same time, which really confused me.
So what does a Canadian pirate look like?
I don't know.
Jack Sparrow that kind of smells like maple?
I don't know.
No, I have this image of like a bobsled that looks like a ship
with a sail on it and dogs.
Are mush.
No.
I'm going to Canada later this year.
That's good.
Canada is a fun place.
And I'm going to find me a Canadian pirate.
Maybe he'll find your booty.
What the fuck is a ferret?
It's a ferret joke.
Look, a ferret's been absorbed.
I'll hit myself with Kirby.
There you have me.
Isn't that DNL's Kirby?
It's DNL's Kirby.
She needs to come get it.
DNL, you need to come get your Kirby.
Because I'm getting my cooby cootie coobies.
I'm getting my cooties all over this Kirby that DMN brought.
On my nipple.
Look at that.
There you go.
Just for you, Renee.
He's sexing it up for you.
Well, I have some uses better than blaming Canada for shit.
What's that?
Well, actually, it's not really all that exciting.
But DirecTV has something called Game Lounge now.
And it's this interactive channel for family stuff
that you'd get played through your satellite box.
So it's like Xbox Live suck edition.
It has games that are based on kid shows like SpongeBob.
And it has competitive games where you can compete
for prizes and money.
And you should check it out, I guess,
if you are into family games.
I like for my games to have blood and sex.
Gaming Lounge?
It's called Game Lounge.
Game Lounge.
Was Orange Lounge taken?
Oh, I guess it was.
Didn't we contemplate changing the name of the show
to Game Lounge at one point?
No.
Because I thought we did.
Then maybe I'd put that, because we
were having those problems with nobody
understands that Orange Lounge Radio is a gaming
show, because people don't get the Orange Lounge reference
with DDR and Bimani.
But that's why this year was me.
You know what, Rob?
We did have a conversation on that one.
You said, hey, what if we change our name to Game Lounge?
And we both went, no.
Yeah, exactly.
Just like that.
Yeah, it was just like that.
This was a dramatic recreation.
Hey, guys, I have this really great idea.
No.
That was it.
That was it right there.
That was the recreation.
Just shot down again by Jamie.
Rob?
What?
Heart.
All right.
Anyhow, we've gone very long, this statement,
almost two hours.
Marissa, can you believe this show is only half over?
If this is torture, then chain me to the wall.
But the listeners like it when it's long.
I bet you guys like it long, don't you?
You like it long.
All right, well, we're going to take a quick break,
and we're going to come back with more of Orange Lounge
Radio with part B of our show.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights
and is podcasted to the world twice a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion
of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
