Tonight, February 4th, 2007, first-hand accounts of the newest Konami games from their Gamers Day event, Denver Live goes straight from theaters to video to the internet, and did Windows Vista break your favorite PC games?
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
This is episode number 218 for this February the 4th of 2007.
My name is Rob Roberts and joining me as always, say hello to DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Yo.
How you doing, Jamie Summers?
I'm doing.
Yeah?
Been an interesting week.
It's been an interesting week.
Yeah, I could say the same.
It's been a very interesting week.
We'll get into that in a minute.
Say hello as well, though, to Tech Master Loki.
Hello.
How are you doing, Loki?
I'm doing good.
Did you have an interesting week as well?
Yes.
All right.
Well, for those of you that are new to our program, we just want to say hello and welcome.
We were lucky enough to have a story of ours on the front page of Dig this week, so we're thinking we might have got a couple new people thanks to that.
So if this is your first time listening to Orange Lawn Radio, a big howdy hello to you.
Thank you for choosing to support independent podcasting, first off.
And just so you know, we're a show made up of three friends who have kind of become friends to each other just through doing this program.
We sit here and we talk about games every week, and the way that you would sit down and talk about
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
But sometimes we're not always going to break the news.
We're just going to talk about it and give you our viewpoints on it.
We're dedicated to giving every gamer a voice.
And we do that partially through our chat room as well.
A big hello to the chat room.
Joining us at chat.orangelandradio.com when we tape live here on Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific Standard Time.
Also we have our Skype line which we'll open up later in the program.
It's also an 800 number you can give us a call at and share your thoughts.
We'll open that up later.
So that way all you guys have a voice.
All right, and of course tonight they're talking a little bit in chat room about the Super Bowl, which is going on right now.
But I guess between the three of us, we kind of don't really keep tabs on what's going on in the Super Bowl.
But I will say the Puppy Bowl was awesome, and I'm kind of sad I missed the kitty halftime.
Puppy Bowl is kind of boring.
But the Puppy Bowl is cute because they have the bowl cam.
I like the bowl cam.
You know what?
They need like a Madden for puppies.
Thank you for watching!
I was thinking the puppy bowl would be something like that, and it wasn't.
It was cute, but it was just three hours of cuteness.
I was sitting in here working on some last minute things for the show, and I just hear out in the living room, DarkSakura, my roommate going, That was your roommate, that was not me.
No, it was you.
It was both of you.
DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
I was on my ass in this chair playing Tech and Dark Resurrection on PSP.
And I'm going to get Dancing Blade because I played the old one and that was pretty cool.
I actually did not play any Cooking Mama this week.
Are you in a 12-step recovery program?
No, I'm in a, oh my god, my midterms are next week type of thing, so.
I've been studying muscle groups.
Which I guess if I went back and played some, you know, Trauma Center, I'd be okay for class.
Or something.
I loaned out my copy of Trauma Center to a friend of mine who just got a Wii, so I'm sorry to say I don't have my version for you to practice on.
But that's a fun game.
So fun.
I like the Trauma Center version.
You know, I've actually gotten pretty good at some of it, but it's still frustrating.
I was like, can't I just rub them until they're better?
So, yeah.
That's really been it, though.
Alright, Loki, how was your gaming week?
I played more of the Crackdown demo, like another three or four times yesterday.
I love that game.
I just can't wait for the full thing to come out.
You know, it's one of those games that I was like, well, you know, because everyone was saying, oh, it's kind of the demo, they didn't like the demo or anything like that originally when I was first hearing about it.
I was kind of like, well, you know, I don't know if I'm going to like this.
I actually like it better because you can actually explore a lot more of the city.
And there's, you know, I did climb to the top of the tower in the middle of the city, which is fun, difficult, and a little bit, you know, a little bit of,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Pretty cool, kind of reminds me of NBA Jam a little bit because, you know, the players are doing stuff that you would normally not see anyone doing in basketball.
But it's pretty fun.
Not a game I'd be picking up, but, you know, definitely a fun game.
I really wish NBA Jam would just come back, you know, because NFL Blitz is kind of lame.
You know, I don't play a lot of sports games, but NBA Jam was definitely one I could get into.
That game was a lot of fun.
It really was.
I still love the old NFL Blitz, but this Blitz League shit's retarded.
Some comments from chat room regarding your comments on Crackdown.
Jeremy Todd 1 says, The grenade launcher in the Crackdown demo is so freaking awesome.
You can literally just keep blowing everyone up with a single button push.
Flying, flaming people equals automatic 10 out of 10 score.
Mystic Gohan wants to know, how did you get up there?
How did I get up there?
Climbing.
Seriously, it's just climbing.
There's...
If you keep climbing up the side of the building, you'll eventually get to this part where it's kind of flat.
Then on one of the ends of the three towers, they have scaffolding.
And if you jump on the scaffolding, you can kind of make your way up a little bit more.
But you really need to have at least a third level on your jumpy and stuff in order to be able to reach some of that.
But you can get pretty high.
It's pretty fun.
It's even more amazing, too, when you get that high.
You can still see all the cars and people walking down below.
I mean, that's pretty amazing compared to Saints Row, which you wouldn't see any of that stuff.
Stuff would be glitching out and stuff.
But I can't wait.
I can't wait for Saints Row 2, whenever the hell that comes out.
But Crackdown, that's going to hold me over for a long time.
Hold you over to what?
Oh, Grand Theft Auto?
Is that what you're waiting for?
Oh, yeah, Grand Theft Auto 4.
Anything else?
Um...
No, actually, oh, I played Luminous a little bit.
I got some more achievements playing the time attack stuff, and I think that's all I played.
Yeah, that's it.
All right.
Well, my gaming week wasn't too thrilling because I'm still in my world of Warcrack mode, so I'm still playing there with the guilt.
OrangeLandsRadio.com
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
So there was a film on there that one of my friends had seen that said I'd probably like called Hard Candy, which I decided to download in HD just because I wanted to see how was the HD delivery and everything.
And, well, the movie itself was kind of weird.
I mean, I guess it was good for like the first 40 minutes and it was just like WTF and it was kind of gross.
But anyway...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Once you download the movie to your hard drive, you have 14 days to start watching it.
And then once you press the play button and start watching it, you have 24 hours to finish it.
Which, you know, if I'm going to sit down and watch a movie, that was certainly ample time for me to finish it.
But just so you know before you download any of that stuff.
Picture quality, because I downloaded in HD, was pretty good.
I don't know if HD gives me anything that much more than DVD does.
I mean, yeah, it's a little crisper.
Yeah, the colors stick out a little more.
But is it worth...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
It wasn't having the slowdown problems that the store did when it first launched.
Whatever, I guess maybe the curiosity factor settled down a lot and things, it's easier to get in there and download movies now.
So I would recommend if there's a movie on there that interests you, you want to see how it looks, download one, try it for yourself, why not?
I also downloaded for free because it was for free for a couple days the first episode of the Sarah Silverman program which was hilarious but the audio is off a little bit because we also taped my roommate taped it on the DVR and then I was like oh we can download it it'll be like perfect quality and while the video quality was great the sound was off
Thanks for watching!
Going to the chat room and seeing what the folks are saying there in the chat room.
Let's see.
Blackboy says, God, Shelly Winter is in HD.
No, not the old-ass Poseidon Adventure.
I mean the new one.
What did the new one have in it?
It had... What was that guy?
It's in... God, I can't even remember his name.
Who's the guy that's Snake in Revenge of New York or whatever?
Oh, that's Kurt Russell.
Kurt Russell's in it.
That's what it is.
Mike W. says, Rob is a movie snob.
Yeah, maybe a little bit.
I don't know.
Mike W says, Rob only plays Xbox Live Arcade.
Yeah, lately that's what I've been playing.
There hasn't been a whole lot released on disc that I've wanted to play, but I enjoyed Heavy Weapon.
I love Luminous.
I love the Xbox Live Arcade games.
I like those little, I don't want to say throwaway games, but the little like...
Because I have gamer ADD.
If you've listened to this show long enough, you know that I never stick with one game for a long time, with the exception of the few MMOs I've played.
And even then, I quit and go back and quit and go back all the time.
So, Xbox Live Arcade games are perfect for me.
But I do want to check out Fusion Frenzy, which is kind of the same thing.
It's like 40 minigames in one, but it's an actual release game as opposed to Xbox Live Arcade.
And I'm definitely looking forward to some of the Xbox Live Arcade news we have coming later in the show.
and DarkSakura.com.
Sunday nights at 6 o'clock or our rebroadcast on All Games, which is currently Monday at 5.30 Pacific and 9 a.m.
on Tuesday Pacific time at AllGames.com.
Although I hear those times might be changing in the near future.
We'll let you know the details when that happens.
Also, we have a MySpace.
So if you have a MySpace, if you want to come join us where the Internet goes to die, MySpace, the antichrist of the Internet, it's MySpace.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
What?
We have another community.
Yes, we have our LiveJournal community.
And what else?
What am I forgetting?
DeviantArt?
Is there a DeviantArt community?
We have a few communities, thankfully.
We don't have a DeviantArt community.
There's Frapper.
There's the Frapper.
We have our forums, too.
Oh, I already plugged the forums.
Okay, fine.
Fine, then I'll plug them again.
OrangeSongsRadio.com Use them!
My God, people, it's not hard.
It's fun.
And we read them and respond a lot.
I have more posts on the forums than anybody.
Probably Loki and DarkSakura are up there, too.
Not me.
Not you?
Why aren't you participating in the forums, you hypocrite?
I'm not a hypocrite.
I'm babysitting.
Oh, I see.
All right, well, let's get into some gaming news.
And we're going to start it off.
As I mentioned at the top of the show, we were very lucky to have our coverage of Dance Dance Revolution Hottest Party hit dig this week.
So thank you guys very much for giving us a dig on there.
And as we reported, we were lucky enough to attend Konami Gamers Day earlier this week.
And we'll tell you more about it.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I think a lot of people expected the DDR was going to come to the Wii.
It was just a matter of time.
I don't know about you.
I wasn't expecting to hear it this early.
Like, I kind of thought we would see it maybe... Like, doesn't it seem still early in the Wii's life for us to be getting this game?
I don't know.
Maybe.
Maybe.
So...
I was surprised at the timing of it.
I thought we wouldn't hear anything about it until at least E3, if not 2008, but it looks like we are getting it this year, at least according to the press release.
Well, probably because there's not going to be another PlayStation 2 version this year, I would think.
I don't know.
They didn't show one off, so that would imply that, but I don't know.
There's a lot of stuff they didn't show off at Konami Gamers Day, so they didn't say anything about Metal Gear Solid 4, except kind of cock-tease us with a release date and then not say anything.
That was stupid.
They knew.
It's coming soon.
I was like, that's such a rough thing.
They knew we all wanted to know it.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Because that might leave it to a much bigger announcement coming up later.
Ah, so you think Silent Hill 5 is worthy of a press conference all on its own.
Why not?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
We'll see.
It was interesting, the little demo.
Now, of course, it's on the Wii.
You've got to wonder, how's the Wii Remote going to be used?
And yes, you use the Wii Remote in the game.
Basically, I think this is more of a concept build, what we were looking at at the show, because it basically looked like DDR Supernova, but blue.
And then every so often, an arrow would be replaced with this little icon that kind of looked like the Wii Remote and then unchecked next to each other.
It looked like a pause.
We're still really experimenting with what the Wii thing is going to do.
By the way, I want to mention something I didn't post anywhere on the site.
Since Jason Enos was there, I took an opportunity to ask him a couple questions.
And I asked him, I said, So how about DDR in the Arcade?
Anything you want to say about DDR in the Arcade?
And he, of course, didn't really have anything to say.
I said, What about that rumor there's an expansion coming to Supernova with, you know, the 2030, 203 or more songs?
He said he didn't know anything about it.
Which could be the polite way of saying no comment.
I don't know.
But rest assured, those rumors that you've seen floating around the other DDR sites...
Jason says you don't know about it, so that's what I'm going with.
I'll trust him.
What's interesting, though, is I was reading there are some rumored release dates, and I haven't heard anything about this yet, but that stupid Codemasters Dance Factory game was going to be coming to the Wii in March before DDR.
Oh, interesting.
But, I mean, I can tell you right now the game's going to be ass, just because the last one was ass.
Looking at some comments from chatroom.
Jeremy Todd 1 says, Silent Hill Origins is now the next Duke Nukem Forever.
God, I hope not.
Jaded says, Silent Hill, there won't be a 5.
I doubt that.
Those are big words.
4 sold pretty well, didn't it?
I don't see why there wouldn't be a 5.
Alright, Rama says, DDR Supernova 2, In The Groove, Dream On.
Dream On.
I'm sorry.
I've been following the Bomani scene for a long time.
In the Groove songs are not coming to DDR.
And I don't have any insider knowledge to back that up, granted, but just having followed Konami and the Bonnie series as long as I have, it's not happening.
Stop getting your hopes up about it, because you're going to be disappointed.
It's not happening.
Once that ruling passed, In the Groove was officially dead.
So anyway, away from that, back to DDR on the Wii, because that's what we really want to talk about.
What I thought was interesting is the selection screen.
You could use the Wii remote to point and click at songs you wanted to play.
And it had a cute little DDR arrow icon.
I don't know.
It's all temporary right now.
Yeah, I'm sure.
I'm sure.
What did you think, Loki?
Because you actually got to play it.
What did you think actually playing the game?
Did it feel right?
Was it weird?
It was like DDR hands and feet mode.
Thanks for watching!
You know, you supported the eye toy.
You don't need to have a hands and feet mode in that.
Although, the thing is, though, if they do something like this, they could do some really interesting stuff with it.
Like, instead of, you know, have a whole section of the song that's all done with your hands.
I mean, that might be kind of cool.
That's what Jason was kind of implying, that they might want to do things where you do different motions.
Like, he referenced Saturday Night Fever, like the disco pose.
Like, there might be a symbol that you have to do that kind of pose.
They could do, like, what was in...
Samba de Amigo
Right now, it's still way too early.
It is.
Other than we know that there's DDR with possible stuff.
I just want to say, though, when I played it, I thought it did feel like it played a lot like hands and feet mode because none of this extra stuff was in there.
But I felt it was a lot cleaner.
Because the problem I have with the iToy is the device just sucks.
If you're not in the exact right lighting, it doesn't work.
And that's not Konami's fault.
It's just the iToy sucks.
I'm sorry, I've not played one...
Good thing with the eye toy, not one.
And you have to have the exact right lighting to make it work, and it never is right on DDR.
I don't know if you have a house where you can get it to work every time, but the nice thing about playing this on the Wii was that it worked every time.
Like, you don't have to have the perfect white background in your house to get the Wiimote shaking to pick up.
So that's what I liked about it, and it didn't matter where my hands or feet were, I could kind of do it wherever.
So that was kind of fun.
Mm-hmm.
So I had fun with it, and it certainly posed a... I mean, I was struggling on medium-level difficulty songs.
So it certainly adds a whole new challenge to it, which I'm sure the purists will not be happy about, but...
I did find it interesting, though, that all the dance pads were just the GameCube dance pads.
I think, you know, in speculating that DDR was going to come out on the Wii, I wondered how they were going to do the wireless pad without lag, and it never occurred to me, duh, just use the GameCube pads, because there's GameCube controllers on the thing, and it looks like that's what they're doing.
Because that's what, in the trailer, you could see clearly that even the non-Mario pads they used in the trailer were just plug-in
Thank you for watching!
and they're going to have a mode in this where you actually talk to each other and you have to do the same pose at a certain part in the song.
They know they want that in one type of mode.
So you have to communicate with each other and say, okay, we're going to disco, we're going to disco, we're going to sprinkler, Roger Rabbit, I don't know, whatever.
So that's going to be interesting, I think, if nothing else.
Also free play mode and workout mode.
No sign of edit mode, but I don't see how you couldn't have a DDR right now without edit mode.
So I don't see why that wouldn't be coming for those that want to edit the Wii things into it.
Yeah, it's way early.
It's probably just a technical issue for right now.
So if you want to see more on it, we even have some pictures.
We took some pictures of the trailer, which hasn't come out anywhere else yet.
And there's a picture behind the scenes there.
You can see Jason demoing it for some girl from some unknown press site who's giggling over it.
You can see all that on our site.
And we have the only picture of the interface as it is now.
But that's going to change.
The interface is going to change.
That was obviously a temporary interface.
But that's all at OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you want to see more information on that.
So Loki, what else did you see at Konami's Gamers Day that you enjoyed?
There's actually quite a few games there and I got to try a little bit of everything.
One of the first games I tried was Time Ace, which in the preview kind of reminded me of Time Pilot because you're playing in kind of different time periods and you're flying planes and stuff.
The game...
Itself actually reminded me, the graphics remind me of Prop Cycle.
I don't know if you remember that old arcade game.
I freaking love Prop Cycle.
That's like one of the most underrated arcade games ever.
It reminded me very much of that.
Weren't you big on Prop Cycle, Jamie?
I worked at an Amcor arcade when it came out.
Prop Cycle's a bomb, man.
You fanned yourself when you played it.
I played it for free so much.
I love Prop Cycle.
Anyway, sorry.
Anyways, but the game kind of reminds me of that, at least the level that they had you try out, where you're kind of playing this biplane thing.
Time Ace, Time Pilot,
I mean, both of them are bi-playing games where you're fighting in different time periods.
It seems logical to me.
Interesting.
I just, for some stupid reason, did not make that connection.
I don't know.
I just thought that's what they were doing.
I could be wrong.
They could just be coming up with something that's almost identical and has almost the same name.
Whatever.
Another game I did play, though, was Coded Arms Contagion for the PSP.
And I can tell you, having played the first one...
It's just not good at all.
That's really, unfortunately, a problem with the system.
But the game itself looks pretty good.
I mean, it's okay.
I just didn't have very much fun with it.
But what can you say, I guess?
If you're used to playing first-person shooters on the PSP, then great.
Maybe you want to check out.
Definitely a good thing that they didn't do the random levels like they did the first one.
I don't know, but it kind of reminds me of a Metroid Prime type game.
I don't know.
Dewey's Adventure, I know we saw the video of that.
It looked okay.
Kind of reminded me of Kirby a little bit, actually.
It reminded me of one of their own titles.
It reminded me of the Kororimpa.
I can't say that.
Kororimpa?
Kororimpa.
I can't say that word.
It reminded me of Kororimpa.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
But he can't really do anything else.
It's very interesting the way you change the temperature and it's supposed to change the environments completely.
You can actually shake the controller certain ways to cause earthquakes or to cause wind and stuff like that.
So that's kind of unique for a platform game.
When they were about to announce Dewey's Adventure and they were showing the trailer and everything and they didn't tell us what the name of it was yet, didn't you think we were about to see Elebits 2?
Yes, because... I totally thought that's what was coming.
The cutscene for the artwork is exactly the same.
Exactly the same.
It's the same style.
They got the same people that did all the arts in Elebits to do this game.
It feels like it's in the same universe.
It even had glowing creatures that were small.
I'm like...
All they're doing is remaking Elebits all over again.
I give Konami props for original stuff.
with that and Elebits and everything.
I mean, how easy would it have been to just ported Castlevania to the Wii where you use the Wii as the whip?
Whoop-de-doo!
They're coming up instead with original things for the Wii, which I think is kind of cute.
But I want a Castlevania game where you use the Wii as the whip.
I know we all want that.
We don't need it right now.
We have this other Castlevania thing to look forward to.
We're going to talk about it in a minute.
We don't need another 3D Castlevania.
That's true.
Castlevania 64 still burns a little bit.
Hey, now, we have 3D Castlevanias that aren't that bad.
But they're not that good either.
Castlevania 64 made my soul cry.
Compared to Symphony of the Night, everything since looks like poop.
I'm sorry.
Compared to freaking Rondo of Blood, everything is poop.
We'll get there in a minute, sweetie.
We'll get there in a minute.
Symphony of the Night was great, but it wasn't a true Castlevania in my opinion.
It was like Metroid featuring the Castlevania characters.
I'm not saying it was a bad game, it's one of my favorites ever, but it was Metroid featuring Castlevania characters.
But it was like the best thing I've ever played, one of the best games I've ever played in my life.
And granted, I think the best video game ever made, I don't know how many times I've said this on the show, but I think the greatest video game of all time is Super Metroid.
and so of course I love Symphony of the Night.
and it was kind of cool definitely a lot of detail in there and it was kind of cool you can go around ripping heads off of little demons and throw them at them and stuff like that and the entire environment was pretty destructible so I think it definitely looks like a better game definitely a lot better than their last brawler that came out so it should be good
The other one, Wing Island.
Wing Island on the Wii actually could very well be, you know, a sister game to Pilotwings.
I mean, it pretty much is Pilotwings from what I've seen.
And also, once again, kind of the same art style as, you know, Prop Cycle.
Very simple graphics, but it's fun.
You play, you know, a squadron of biplanes and you do a bunch of different missions from fighting lost cows to delivering, you know,
I'm looking at chat trying to answer some questions.
Travis Donovan for Prez in 08 asks, How did Rob get an Elebit for his 360 gamer picture?
You're seeing a lot of people on Xbox do this now and it's all thanks to the Xbox webcam and the way I got an Elebit is that
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I had a Mario Kart as my background because you can import themes from pictures on your computer.
So, you know, you can do fun little customizable things with your 360 that kind of make you go, what?
I haven't bothered.
I just have Perfect Dark.
That's fine.
And the one that the public sees, I can't... Because, you know, you only see the camera pictures if you're on the friends list.
But what do I have?
I think I just have one of the Pac-Man ghosts or something.
I change it almost all the time.
I change it like every week.
Okay.
It's like my MySpace.
You've got to change it all the time to keep it current.
Rob, look.
Oh, you have Pac-Man background on your phone.
It was a downloadable thing.
Did you pay money for that?
Yeah, I was bored.
Loser.
When I'm bored, I buy stuff.
All right, like most women.
Hey!
Hey, hey, hey.
You're mad because it's true.
You stopped that right now.
Hey, hey, hey.
I just got a bottle thrown at me.
Rob, I have a heart.
It bleeds for you.
So, you know, it's going to be our first Castlevania game that we have on the PSP.
And what's interesting is that, you know, elements of it are new, but it's still kind of an old game.
Basically what the Dracula X Chronicles are is that you're going to have this old game, Rondo of Blood, which they said has never been in the U.S.
before.
Never!
It hasn't, but I can't stop thinking about Castlevania V. You know, even though that game was ass, I mean, really, that game was like the worst Castlevania game they ever made next to 64.
Well, yeah, but in Japan... Actually, I would rather play Castlevania 64 than Castlevania V. In Japan, by the way, it was released as Dracula XX.
Right.
Well, so, so, they kind of, but I mean, after you got past the first stage, a lot of it was different, so it wasn't really the same game, but in a way it was.
But anyway.
I'm watching the trailer.
That's as much as we got of Rondo of Blood previously.
Well, now we are going to get not only the classic Rondo of Blood game on the PSP.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Yes, I think so.
I think.
That's hot.
I think.
It was hard to hear sound in there.
Well, you remember, though, the show where I brought in my Turbo Duo.
That was before we were podcasting.
And hope you got to play it on air.
That was in like 2003 or 2004.
Yeah, that was a few years ago.
Yeah, I remember that.
I'll bring it back one day.
But yeah, it was a sexy game.
It looks great.
I love, love, love the 2D with the 3D look.
I mean, the best thing I could compare it to is like if you played Super Smash Bros.
Melee and you've played that mode where you like actually are in the Mario game, but it's like all 3D-ified even though it's 2D.
That's what they did to Rondo of Blood in this enhanced mode.
It's great.
Okay, Instant...
Impressed Points for me.
The game mechanics are the same as 2D.
Yeah, you can do the backflip.
Not just that, I was checking the timing of the moves.
They're exactly the same as the PC Engine.
It did play a little weird from the Castlevania games I'm used to, but I understand that's because the controls handled a little different back then.
Also, something you have to remember, since this was before Symphony of the Night, you cannot just go anywhere you want.
It's a little more like Castlevania 3.
It's a real Castlevania.
Castelvania 3 Castelvania 3
and a lot of people who were wondering who Maria was, who didn't know any better, she was actually playable in Rondo of Blood if you rescued her.
And all of her attacks were kind of stupid and cutesy little girly attacks.
But they were also based after the four gods of Chinese mythology, which I thought was pretty funny.
Oh, they redid the graphics for the Uber attacks in this game too.
Oh yeah, it's nice.
If you play the Saturn version though, she has those same attacks.
DRACULA X CHRONICLES
But they tease the idea that they might add new areas.
They're thinking about going back and retooling that game.
And I'm theorizing, why not give us the Saturn version?
I mean, I realize, you know, you can't really port the Saturn, but give us what the Saturn version had with Maria and that whole scenario.
That would be awesome.
Or the extra familiars.
For America, it would be...
It would be, you know, an addition because, of course, we didn't get the Saturn version.
And as for the extra familiars, they were useless.
They took them out for a reason, and I'm pretty glad that they did because they were stupid.
All it was was another one of the same thing that you already had.
Dude, the item crash is hot.
RavensDolphin says, I thought DarkSakura would be more excited about this.
Okay, when she first found out, I think I had to hold the phone about 10 inches away from my ear because I was going deaf.
I was going deaf from the squeaking.
I got my copy while we were doing the show, remember?
Because I had gone to Anime Expo and, to put a long story short
My friend Krista owed us money for our hotel room so she came back from Japan with a copy of Dracula X for me and called it even.
She owed us about $120 and gave us the game.
All the honeycombs around the one that you hit.
And so that's kind of like how the puzzle works.
You're trying to make lines of solid colors.
So it's one of those easy concept, but repeat playability.
Unfortunately, there was no sound, so it was hard for me to judge, does it have good music?
I mean, is this game called Honeycomb Beat?
But it doesn't really look like the music plays into it at all.
I think beat is just what they call tapping the screen to flip all the things over.
But I think if the price is right on this game, it could be a really good value buy.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
All the actions on the top screen, but when you pause the game or you tap things on the bottom screen, not only does the bottom screen show you the old arcade how to play banners, which I think is great.
Those old things you used to see, like when you press the button, your thing will fly or whatever it is.
You can also flip the top screen so that you can play in brain training style mode, where you're holding the DS vertically.
So for a more vertically oriented game like Puyen, it works great, because you don't really stretch the screen like you do if you're trying to squish it into the more horizontal.
So I thought that was a really smart idea.
So that's going to be a pretty good value, although granted, if you're an Xbox 360 owner, a lot of these games you've seen on live, or probably will be seeing on live a little later.
So a lot of those same games, but you get them on the go on the DS.
The next one I played is the game I can't pronounce.
Kororinpa.
Goddammit, Kororinpa.
Kororinpa.
Kororinpa.
Kororinpa.
Marble Mania on the Nintendo Wii.
Okay, you remember those old things they had back when we were kids?
Like those little marble mazes where you would turn the knobs left and right to move the marble around, but you didn't want them to fall in the holes like you tried to get it all the way to the end?
That's this game.
You tilt the Wii remote to tilt the grid around.
And so you could say in that sense, it's kind of like Marble Blast Ultra because there's, you know, like things that get in the way.
Like one round that we played had these giant scissors that closed on the course and you didn't want your ball to be in there.
And by the way, your ball could be all the, it could either be a little steel ball.
You could be like a soccer ball, a basketball or a little penguin ball.
Of course, that's the one I had to play with.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
so that was that game and then Brooktown High was the last thing I played on the PSP and uh
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Thanks for watching!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
They had booth babes there promoting Brooktown.
It was really the only thing they kind of went out and did all these little cheers.
They really went all out for promoting that particular game at the show, which I thought was interesting.
Yes, DarkSakura?
I'm totally cosplaying Annette's outfit.
What, from Castlevania?
Yeah.
Thank you for having nothing to do with what I just said.
No, I'm sorry.
I was still looking at... They had some of the promo art up on GameSpy.
Oh, that's fine.
I played the Brooktown a little bit.
and, you know, the only thing that's disappointing is having played all the hentai, you know, dating sims out there.
It just, I did like, and I hope... What, you wanted to see 16-year-old Titty?
That's gross.
No, no, I hope, I hope it had in the game, because they, did you notice in the trailer, they had kind of, you know, all the, you know, symbols for sex, you know, in there, like the rocket taking off and like the, you know, the...
Oh yeah, the trailer!
They did this weird-ass thing in the trailer where suddenly pictures of the game were replaced with these real-life imageries of a flower blooming and a rocket taking off and all this crazy stuff.
I hope that, like, you know, if you go in for a hot coffee or something like that, you know, that...
This is gonna be really random, but did you see the new Psycho?
Like, remember when Gus Van Sant remade Psycho?
Like, in 1998 or something, he remade Psycho?
One of the things he did is he, like, in the death scenes, he added these random-ass clips that had nothing to do with it.
Like, when one person's getting stabbed, like, you see a train going through a tunnel, and, like, the clouds moving by in the sky, and it's, like, all this random shit.
That's what that reminded me of.
I mean, seriously.
Anyway, that was Brooktown.
Is chatroom giving you a hard time for being stuck on a Castlevania, DarkSakura?
I don't care.
All right.
I did want to mention, though, Korinpa and Wing Island are both going to retail for $40 instead of $50.
Oh, cool.
You picked that up through your distribution thing?
Because they didn't say that at the show.
Yeah, I picked it up.
I think I mentioned it maybe last week.
You might have.
Whatever, but...
Other games at the show that they had, Death Junior Science Fair of Doom on the DS.
I didn't see it there.
It was playable, it's just not a lot of people were playing it.
Sorry, Death Junior fans.
Go Pets on the Nintendo DS, which just interfaces with the PC.
It's a DS and PC game, which I thought was interesting.
It looked to me like a cross between Animal Crossing and Nintendogs.
Jamie, you'd probably love this game.
Maybe.
Maybe.
I might love this game.
It looked interesting.
The graphics looked a little rough, but it might have just been early stages.
They didn't have it playable, just the preview.
Let's see.
You talked about Hellboy already, right?
Yeah.
Lost in Blue 2?
I didn't like the first one.
I didn't care about the second one.
Sorry.
I played some of the minigames, like the goat milking and the... No.
It looks literally exactly like the first one.
Lunar Nights, which we told you about at F1 with Konami BBQ.
It looks pretty cool still.
And Winning 11 Pro Evo Soccer 2007 looked awesome on the 360.
Even on the PS2 it looks good.
It looks awesome, but to be honest, I couldn't get too excited about it because it's coming out next week.
I'm like, why even waste the space with this game?
I mean, it's coming out
Next week, I mean, who cares?
Make more console games!
Stop with all the portable games!
They had two last year.
I mean, they had, you know, Rumble Roses, XX, Woo Goody, and then the follow-up smash hit, Bomberman.
You know, two really awesome games for the 360.
And then, well, this year they've got Hellboy, which Hellboy looks good.
You know, I'll give them that.
And DDR Universe.
But put some more games on the 360.
Oh, and I guess, you know, winning 11 soccer, you know.
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
I mean, oh goody, so we're going to see Karaoke Revolution, whatever the next one is, on 360 come fall.
SSJ100Matt says, Kojima probably wants to take his time with Metal Gear Solid 4 since it's his last one.
Yeah, he says that every time, dude.
He says that every time.
Bullshiz is his last one.
There's money to be made.
He'll come back.
Jamie, I know unfortunately you didn't get to go because of school, but what do you think from the perspective of getting to read all about this?
Are you excited about all this, or
Beyond just Castlevania?
Dracula X. I really don't care about anything but Dracula X. Really.
Nothing in the world.
No Super Bowl, no Kororimpa.
Okay, that one sounds interesting, but I really, my excitement over Dracula X is like phenomenal, monumental, bigger than a mole.
You know the creator.
In the terms of, you know.
The creator of Castlevania was there.
He is still a fucking rock star.
He came out and said, I got a new hat.
I have a picture of him, remember?
He's cool.
Yeah, I know.
We ran into him at E3, I remember that.
I know, I have all the celebrity run-ins.
I want to mention some things that kind of slipped under that most people didn't talk about.
There were some of the new lineups that they said for their plug-and-play stuff.
One of them, which was really big and I'm surprised I didn't pick, Music Mania, which I don't know if it's like Beat Mania or Poppin' Music or something, but they have a 3 and 5 key mode.
DarkSakura, DarkDeft, Drew, Carameldansen
and also, you know, DDR.
There was a study going on by the, uh, West Virginia Public Employees Insurance Agency where they had, um, it was a 24 week at home clinical study where they had, um, people play, uh, DDR five days a week for at least 30 minutes and, uh, record their activity.
They had to help monitors.
They were tracking weight, blood pressure, arterial function, fitness level, uh, BMI, um, and general, uh, attitude toward exercise and, um,
These studies came by, and see, all their subjects, by the way, were above the 85th percentile for body mass index.
Not all of them lost weight, but almost all of them were showing improved arterial function.
They were showing general levels of well-being improved.
The biggest thing on here, I thought, was...
Confidence and self-esteem improved.
They were more willing to participate in activity because they were so active and had more faith in their bodies and their capabilities.
Well, I think that it's... I mean, we know exercise is healthy.
But I think that taking something that makes it really...
Fun, because in the average person's mind, I think, they're not going to see, oh, I'm exercising.
Yeah, you don't have that whole, like, I can tell you from personal experience, I get weirded out with the idea of going to the gym.
There's something about that whole public sweating thing and the whole, you know, just like, and the whole, like, your bodybuilders, there's all those muscular people and everything.
There's kind of that big fear that kind of goes with the gym and intimidation that comes with that.
And you don't have that when you're playing DDR, because it's like, I'm just playing a video game.
I haven't kicked out.
I'm just Parapara.
Oh yeah, that was a good one too.
Well, I think the par par was more of a good aerobic workout than just DDRs because moving your arms with it, it's a lot more... Well, maybe that's what they hope to accomplish with this week.
At any rate, there's a little bit more to this that I think is cool.
The office of a West Virginia governor...
Actually, it looks like there's an association with the Department of Education and a few other facilities, including the Blue Cross Blue Shield, are giving financial support to eventually lead this into DDR games, training PE teachers, and promoting DDR clubs in West Virginia public schools.
and Konami gets all the profits.
But that's okay because it keeps new DDR games coming out at home and as long as they stay innovative, hey, they're fine by me.
I just laugh for all those people who say, oh, DDR won't work in America.
I bet you feel so stupid now.
Well, you know what?
This news is so huge that they even covered it on the national news.
Did you hear that?
Really?
Yes, I have a clip.
Hold on.
Researchers in West Virginia announced Friday the results of a study that suggests playing the video game Dance Dance Revolution improves the health of overweight kids.
Though not as much as its rival game, Hamburger on a String.
Okay, obviously that was from Saturday Night Live.
It's still kind of funny nonetheless to see a little DDR joke make its way into Weekend Update there.
I like Hamburger on a String.
And who doesn't love...
I miss Kevin Nealon doing the weekend update.
Yeah, but I love that Amy Pollard.
I love her.
She's fine.
Not as good as Tina Fey, but I love... She was with Upright Citizens Brigade.
Anyway.
Hamburger on a string.
And Miss Chevy Chase, too.
So, you know, we all know that the PlayStation 3 resembles a George Foreman grill or a grill of some sort.
In fact, people have gone as far as making it into an actual grill.
Well, now there's this one retailer in Akihabara that's...
Selling some unofficial 6-axis soy sauce to go with the PlayStation 3 grill.
That's kind of a joke.
They've basically rebranded some of the Bulldog brand soy sauce.
Yeah, it's actually quite funny.
They feature it in the smaller 20GB size or the larger 60GB size.
Is it 599 US dollars?
599 US dollars?
Is it made from giant enemy crabs?
No, in fact... Oh, these jokes will never get old!
It's actually, it says, it's being sold at Segatsu Isagi, and it's being retailed for 399 yen, marked down from 499 yen, and 599 yen for the larger one.
and it's kind of funny though because it has a picture of Ken Kutaragi on the front there and it also has a picture of PlayStation 3 with the top lifted up with a grill on it.
To be honest, I think that would be pretty cool if there was a grill on it because then you could eat and watch a Blu-ray movie at the same time.
If anyone doesn't know, Akihabara is the technical district, I guess.
You can buy all of your techie goods and now barbecue sauce.
I really want to buy barbecue sauce when I go buy a stereo.
DJ Janai says, Six Axis equals most innovative controller ever.
PS3 is the best.
Glad to know.
Glad to know we have some Sony fans in chat because, you know, sometimes it feels like there are no Sony fans left in the world.
So I'm glad to see somebody is still standing behind him.
So.
Anyhow, certainly these guys are fans of Sony.
They just express their fanboyism in a different way.
Because it's, let's see, who did this?
On the first day that firmware 3.10 came out, it got cracked.
That's kind of funny.
This was cracked by Team C plus D. And basically what happened is that, of course, they released the new firmware just a few days ago, and it got cracked right in the same day by this team who works hard to crack the games.
I'm sorry, to crack the firmware so that you can still continue to play your old school Nintendo games on your PSP.
And they've already come out with a custom firmware for 3.1.
What was it?
Yeah.
So...
Great, now you can actually install the custom firmware, play all your updated games, and still be able to play your wonderful NES ROMs.
DJ Janai says, continuous Sony fanboyism saying, come on, Sony does what Nintendo don't.
TheRobD counters with, everyone stands behind Sony to laugh at them behind their back.
Ranma says, I'll wait for the PS3 to be redesigned and retailed for $149.
Give it six more months.
Ouch.
All right.
Any more PlayStation stories?
I suppose I have some information.
Okay.
Some.
Well, there's a little game that spawned a very interesting little music video called Saints Row.
It's been confirmed that it will be going on to PS3.
It's staying sometime this spring and it will have a PlayStation Network support.
And so that means multiplayer online.
There was no mention, however, if they're going to have any additional content.
Speaking of Saints Row and that game had some CD parts in it.
Well, if you happen to be in some of the CD parts of Japan, you too can play the PlayStation 3.
And one of Japan's love hotels.
And yes, that is one of those brothel hotels.
Casa de Dew in Shibuya, Tokyo.
They have, with, I guess, your stay at these love hotels, you can be able to play PlayStation 3 for free.
So I guess that's great.
But at the same time, you know, I would be thinking, if you're staying at a love hotel, wouldn't you be going there for sex and not to play the PlayStation 3?
Or is Sony trying to tell me the PlayStation 3 is better than sex?
Or is it one of those things where it's like, okay, I'm going here and not only will I get a hot chick to sleep with me, or borderline hot chick to sleep with me, but she'll play games with me.
Well, love hotels aren't really just that.
They're also where people meet for rendezvous with their
Significant other.
And then all she would have to do is bake me a pie, and it's like the full thing.
I just wanted to get the death glare from Jamie.
I thought that was interesting, though.
I mean, I guess that's pretty cool, because after you've done it, then you can play video games.
It's just like you never left home.
Going back to a previous story in chat, reading some comments here.
Mike W says, it was decrypted day one, talking about the firmware.
Then it was cracked.
Fault story, whatever.
I don't care if OLR gets it wrong.
Well, you know.
Regardless, having the firmware get fucked with on day one, having some form of success with it, whether it be decryption or whatever it is, has got to say something.
It didn't take them long to make a custom.
It didn't take much longer after that anyway.
Let's see.
Ranma is bold and says, PlayStation 3 equals Sony's final console.
TheRobD says, What would you listen to in a love hotel while playing video games?
The I Want You to Watch Me Play Madden skit from MadTV.
I don't know if you've ever seen that, but it's kind of funny.
RavensDolphin says, Loki is going there with Nelly to a love hotel.
No, I wouldn't be going there.
Why would I travel all the way to Japan to go to a love hotel?
That's ridiculous.
Freedom of Speech
So, of course, what they were trying to do is, you know, try to change it to say that Utah was going to be basically had to be sold just like pornography does.
Let's see.
Republican Kay McCliff had this to say.
I am concerned when all the legal experts, including our own attorney general, as well as the sponsor, tell us that the bill is likely to fail in a constitutional challenge.
One where we cannot control the amount we spend because we spend our side and then we are potentially obliged to spend the legal costs of the other side.
Kay is trying to draft a substitute bill to replace the original.
Leave it to a Republican.
Well, you know, I don't want to turn this into a political war, but it's just general ignorance, I think, about the gaming community from everyone.
And I think a lot of folks could stand to be educated, no matter who you are or how you vote.
But mostly Republicans.
I think a lot of people just don't get it.
I'm just giving y'all a hard time.
All right.
Well, but there is... I have some...
I do have some news about someone who has his head up his ass that makes me happy.
Speaking of, you know, Republicans.
Sorry, I won't go off on Republicans anymore.
Okay, sorry, there was some debate going on.
Can we start over, please?
Yes.
Okay, thank you.
Speaking of someone who has his head up his ass...
he who shall not be named except right now Jack Thompson has been called on yet another complaint with the Florida Bar it's oh my god anyway there's a pending judicial review for five counts of professional misconduct against dumbass
I'm sorry, I'm supposed to be impersonal, right?
Against who shall not be named to be... Actually, he's supposed to be going to the State Supreme Court for action.
I think that's pretty cool.
But the quote on here...
In the suit, he who shall not be named represented the families of two Fayette, Alabama police officers and a police dispatcher murdered by an 18-year-old grand theft auto player in 2003.
At the time of his arrest for the killings, Devin Moore reportedly said, life is like a video game, you have to die sometime.
Moore subsequently convicted of the murders now sits on Alabama's death row.
He who shall not be named was not involved in the criminal case against Moore.
Yeah.
Honestly, the other two complaints actually have to do with the attacks he made on Shock Radio in South Florida.
And, you know, I'm just so disgusted.
Really, I hope that he is disbarred.
I hope this is the end of it.
That would be awesome if we never had to report on him again.
That would be the best thing ever.
I'd hold a party.
Uh, Ranma and Sha- I think- I think we would- You know what?
If this happens, we should throw a party.
We absolutely should throw a party.
We have a special party edition of Orange Lounge Radio, um, celebrating the vanquishment of he who shall not be named.
We'll get guests and everything.
I bet you anything, cause you know Gamer Andy was a big part of that flower, and he doesn't live that far away.
I bet you we could get him here to join our party.
We should
We'll hold a big, massive freaking party.
We'll play Mortal Kombat Armageddon with custom characters.
We'll play nothing but video games where we put Jack Thompson in them.
What about the Combine game?
Sure, we'll play that too.
Why not?
We'll play that too.
That'll piss them off.
And our Music of Choice is 2 Live Crew and Ice-T.
Bring it on!
I love this idea!
You know what?
I think we should have this party anyway.
No, but we're, okay, the party only happens if he gets disbarred.
Okay, is that the criteria?
If he gets disbarred in the state of Florida, OLR, he lost his license party.
He who shall not be named is vanquished.
However, if he is not disbarred, we send him a bag of poo in the mail.
Jack Voldemort
I love that idea.
He is just he who shall not be named.
From here on out, we are calling him Jack Voldemort.
I love that idea.
And by the way, the reason why I brought up Two Life Crew and Ice-T is that he was also instrumental in the whole cop killer scandal for Ice-T and for Two Life Crew's as nasty as they want to be.
And we'll also listen to Howard Stern.
Yes.
We should copy it and send it to Howard Stern.
Maybe not.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
That's right, it's our chance to rant about whatever we want.
It's the FUs of the week.
Get it out of your system, DarkSakura.
I have two.
The first one, FU to my uterus.
Next one is an FU to Roseville, Mitsubishi, you bastards!
Okay, this is what happens.
My husband has a 2006...
Lancer, um, Ralliard, sorry.
So it's like a model under the evolution.
It's a nice, nice car.
And he uses it to go to work, and he uses it, you know, sometimes for a couple of Bay Area trips.
He doesn't drive it really crazily.
I drive more violently than he does, and my car's still in good shape.
Well, um, the transmission balloons.
and he hadn't been, you know, in a car with only 15,000 miles on it that he's only had for a year, there's no reason for a transmission to go out that quickly.
So he took it to Roosevelt Mitsubishi.
And Bob Coffey, what I was saying is that it's the step under the Evo.
Listen to what I said.
Hi.
And the FU to my uterus is for PMS.
But anyway, back to the car.
When he took it in, this was... The car, first of all, has the 10-year warranty on it, bumper-to-bumper warranty.
So he took the car in and they said, well, you know, we have to strip it down to look at the transmission and if it's your fault, you pay $1,100 to fix it.
Well, first of all, if you don't drive your car like shit, then there's no reason for the transmission to go out.
So, um, he said, the hell with that, um, and said, you're not gonna, you know, you're not gonna charge me for taking it apart, you're gonna do the diagnostic on it.
Like, fine, then warranty won't cover it.
So he gets on the line with the, um, uh, with the, I guess, the Mitsubishi corporate, they have a big stink over it.
He said the customer service girl was friendly, but...
said that um the uh the caseworker was all like okay look we're gonna have them break down the uh the car for free it's our dime which they should have done in the first place hi and then they said if the um if they determine uh the transmission thing is his fault then they'll put it back together for free and let him take it wherever he feels that he needs to to pay less for it but um
If I start talking about how much I love my new WRX STI, you'll find out what happened.
I'm reading comments from chat.
We had someone named TheUterus join chat.
That says, don't let your uterus drive your car.
And Ranma says, fucking cunt.
And I'm going to say, don't talk to Jamie like that.
That's rude.
I know, he was saying someone else.
Let's see, and then also, but Ranma did say this, which I thought was really funny.
So if Jack equals Voldemort, that means that Jamie equals Hermione, Skye equals Harry, and Loki equals Ron.
Dude, that means that I get Victor Crumb, and then the movie is kind of hot.
Well, what do I get, Cho Chang?
Hippity-doo-dah.
Alright, anyway.
Was that it?
Uh-huh.
Are you and your uterus done?
Except she was really cool with this being, having that thick Scottish accent.
I totally didn't expect it.
Are you and your uterus finished?
I wish that men had cramps.
We do get cramps of a different sort.
No, I wish that men had hormone-related cramps.
I would love it.
Maybe someday you can have balls.
And so I can kick you in them.
Alright, uh, Loki.
Well, I wish women could drive better, but we don't always get what we want, do we now?
You know what?
That's you.
We did figure out why, we did figure out though why women drive bad.
It's because estrogen causes you to have, you know, I don't know, some sort of balance problems or like, you know, the world spins or something.
I don't know.
We're just going to use that as an excuse for now.
I drive really well.
There's going to be a fight in the parking lot after the show.
I drive, Rob.
What?
I drive really well.
You drive like a bat out of hell.
I mean, you do get us from point A to point B the quickest way possible.
I'll give you that.
But I don't cut people off.
I don't talk on my phone while I drive.
I'm like somebody in this room.
You cast hexes on people when you drive.
And they get out of my way.
Loki, finish.
I don't even remember what my FU of the week was, too.
So yeah, I'm just going to say bad to women drivers because there's been a lot of them, especially driving slow or they can't seem to navigate that minivan.
It's like, if you can't fucking drive a car, just stay at home.
Just fuck everybody who drives a minivan.
That doesn't need one of those.
And I swear to God I fucking hate people that drive, you know, SUVs.
Off-road vehicles, mind you, that have to go over the fucking speed bumps like it's, like their car's made of glass.
It's a fucking off-road car.
It should be able to handle a damn little speed bump.
I know my car could go over that super fast.
Why can't yours?
Oh my God, I'm having to loop the music.
We're going to six minutes here.
Actually, I have one, I have one more thing.
Oh, goody.
I have one more.
Alright.
F you to people who think that just because you're married you need to start breeding.
Moo!
Moo!
First of all, children do not save a marriage.
It makes it worse.
Secondly, if you can't afford... This is episode part FU, because that's all this segment's going to be.
Secondly, if you cannot afford the child, don't have one!
Thirdly, if I say I don't want children, fucking respect what I have to say.
Don't keep pushing it until I go puke in the bathroom at Cattleman's.
Thank you.
Can I do my FUs now?
No.
Okay, fine.
My FU of the week also goes to Jamie's uterus.
And then I would like to say an FU... Just kidding, heart.
I don't think she heard me.
My uterus, my choice.
I would also like to give an F and it's my choice to say FU.
Just kidding.
Heart, love you.
No, seriously, I want to say FU to dentistry.
Thanks for watching!
I feel like going to the dentist is like going to used car salesman sometimes.
There's so much pressure.
No wonder people are afraid of the dentist.
I'm not afraid of the dentist.
I just fall asleep.
It's not the drill work I'm afraid of.
I'm afraid of the way they treat people.
Anyway.
You should go to my dentist.
He's really cool.
I don't think my insurance will let me, but that's a whole other F you.
F you to your testicles, by the way.
Thank you.
Oh, sure, sure.
Anytime.
F you, Jamie.
Thank God this is radio.
Your tattoos sound like Grover.
Well, they're blue.
Welcome to Octaves of Jamie that you normally don't listen.
I don't know if it's picking up because she doesn't have the mic near her, but she's going about three octaves higher than we usually hear.
Okay.
Far!
Far!
Far!
Far!
Thank God this was a radio.
Speaking of near and far, one game that's near dear to my heart, Grand Theft Auto, is doing really well far away in Japan, where Grand Theft Auto San Andreas has taken number one in their sales charts.
that is right beating out such DS titles as those brain training things fuck brain training it's all about killing hookers that's really what Japan needs and god damn it they just got their dose of killing hookers so way to go Japan you just need to get on the bandwagon now with Grand Theft Auto 4 then I could be killing I don't know more hookers from Japan Kevin DDR says what GTA can't do well in Japan it's doing well now it's number one
Rob...
Winners don't use drugs.
Remember the FBI warning.
What?
Rob, never do that again.
It was funny and you know it.
Never do that.
Speaking of blue things, Sonic the Hedgehog is...
Dirt Devil, Upright Vacuum
Remember when they were selling the Wii for like, what was it, $1,119?
Whatever was the release date.
Somebody screwed up the database.
Something similar happened here.
Maybe they just found out that Sonic the Hedgehog sucked.
Ha ha!
I see what you did there.
Because I hadn't heard that joke a million times already on Kotaku.
Alright.
Speaking of games that suck.
Unexpected.
This is like totally rad.
Burger King had...
They reported higher than anticipated quarterly earnings because of the Xbox 360 promo games.
At least that's what they figured.
The games actually pulled sales up to $38 million in the U.S.
alone.
How can these games have gone double-platinum?
I guess with the fact that they were four bucks a piece.
Because there are two million achievement point whores in the world who just needed the extra 600 points that these games would give.
Is actually what happened.
I guess.
They're also now 99 cents each.
I heard about that.
That's crazy.
So, if you haven't bought them yet... There are two that I still need.
I only have Sneak King.
Yeah, if you haven't bought it yet,
Might as well do it.
I mean, because 99 cents, that's not bad for a game.
Even if it does suck.
These will be collector's things before too long.
It'll be as rare as Rondo of Blood.
Okay, maybe not.
Anyway, let's go.
But Nowhere Near is awesome.
Let's hear what games are coming out very soon that could soon become collector's items.
You have any exclusives for us this week, Loki, on release dates?
No, because I took time off work.
I see.
And there wasn't really, you know.
much to mention anyway.
Well, we mentioned everything probably last week, and anything exclusive would have been at Konami's Gamer Day and all that fun stuff.
What was I going to say, though?
But this week, though, there's some good stuff coming out.
If you are a fan of Winning Eleven, you'll be happy to know that that is finally making its way out now on PlayStation 2, on the 360, DS, and PSP.
So that's pretty awesome.
Also, there's going to be...
Actually, there's not a lot of PlayStation 2 games coming out this week.
I know that for a fact.
I do believe the Final Fantasy 6 comes out on the Game Boy Advance this week, which is pretty awesome.
So definitely check that out, because I know... What was it?
5 did really well.
Everybody's picking up 5.
There should be some more Wii's and DS lights coming to... I want to say to all the retailers this week as well, because I know...
They've been out of stock for a long time.
They were actually sold out at Nintendo for like the last two weeks.
But, um, let's see, other than that stuff, well, it was just a whole lot of crap coming out this week.
So I want to say that's probably, you know, what I'd really, oh, how could I forget this?
Diddy Kong Racing DS, that's coming out.
I've been seeing commercials for that.
If you want to, you know, get your fix on like kind of, uh,
Mario Kart-type racing game.
And this is kind of cool.
You've got a create-your-own-track mode.
You basically draw a track with the stylus, so that's kind of neat.
Artolico on PlayStation 2, another Atlus RPG, so definitely worth checking out.
If you're into puzzle games, Capcom Puzzle World on the PSP, so that was pretty fun because it has Puzzle Fighter on it.
Romance of the Three Kingdoms XI on PlayStation 2, if you're a fan of that.
and then MVP07 NCAA Baseball if you're into college baseball on PlayStation 2.
I just want to say release date-wise, because I don't know if you explicitly stated this on an earlier show, but we did confirm that DDR Universe is February 27th.
Yeah.
So, almost March, but not quite.
And I'd also like to mention Lunar Nights on the DS is coming out this week.
Oh, very cool.
Good, that was a neat title, I might have to pick that up.
All right, coming out in Japan, we like to cover Japanese release dates, too, because sometimes it's kind of interesting to see what they get a lot later.
And also, what they get over there now, we may be getting over here pretty soon.
And I wonder if this might be one of them.
On the Xbox 360, they're getting a badly needed role-playing game this week.
Because, you know, Xbox kind of gets a lot of slack for not having a lot of choice when it comes to role-playing games.
I mean, sure, you have Phantasy Star, which is kind of borderline, and then you have Enchanted Arms.
But they're getting a new game this week from Type.com.
from Idea Factory.
It's called Diario Rebirth Moon Legend.
It's a new RPG coming out on the Xbox 360 coming out in Japan on the 8th.
Also coming out in Japan this week on the 8th, Fusion Frenzy 2 on the Xbox 360.
Coming out on the PlayStation 3, Virtua Fighter 5 makes its way this week on February 8th.
That should be pretty cool.
It's also coming out with a little stick.
A Virtua stick is coming out just for that game.
also coming out on the Nintendo Wii guess what, Jamie?
Minato Ishii ni Oruyoi Taikai that's the subtitle for Cooking Mama on the Wii coming out this week by Taito over there in Japan oh, she's over here to correct me my horrible pronunciations Minato Ishii ni Oruyoi Taikai I'm getting better Taikai give me that, I'm getting better
You're getting better.
Alright, and coming out on the PlayStation 2, OutRun 2 is coming out.
Stella Deuce, and one of my favorite title names for this week coming from Capcom, Full House Kiss 2 is coming out on the PlayStation 2.
And the cover for Full House Kiss 2, it's four guys all surrounding a chick holding a bouquet.
So you know what that means.
Aw, Dating Sim.
They're all going to go banger.
Coming out on other systems in the Nintendo DS has Jet Impulse and Luminous Arc and Morita Shogi on the DS, all coming out this week.
And lastly, do we have anything on the PSP?
We do!
New Rainbow Island, Hurdy Gurdy Daibouken is coming out this week.
That should be tons of fun, I'm sure.
Rainbow Island!
I know, but it's kind of like...
Rainbow Island!
Rainbow Island!
We have coming out February 6th, War Rock on PC.
On the 8th, Sam & Max Episode 3, The Mole, The Mob, and The Meatball on PC.
On the 9th, though, just a crap ton of games.
Avatar, The Last Airbender on damn near everything.
Battle Stations Midway, Battlezone, Blade Dancer, Lineage of Light.
Bomberman, Charlotte's Web, Deep Labyrinth, Maelstrom, Magical Star Sign, Metal Slug Anthology, Naruto, Ultimate Ninja, Okami, Saint Seiya, The Hades, Space Vampires 5, The Professor's Brain Trainer, Logic and Memory, The Sims Life Stories, Thrillville, Totally Spies 2, Undercover, and that's it so far.
Cry Cry Cry Cry
Sob.
Weep.
QQ.
One movie that doesn't really need to be made is definitely spawned from a game with lots of sequels, DOA the movie.
Originally it was going to be a theatrical movie, but then apparently they realized, hey, you know what?
This movie really sucks, so let's just release it straight to DVD, which means that someone dumped it to the internet.
Doesn't the movie have Ali Larder in it?
Allie Larder is the one chick on Heroes that nobody likes her storyline.
Is she the one who plays the split personality?
I haven't even watched any and I know who that is.
I think she's in the movie, right?
The only thing I saw was a scene of her in that place.
Spoilers!
I told Rob.
It is available on Google Video and to be honest...
If you really want to watch the whole thing, I guess it's better than spending the money to rent it or buy it.
But really, I just hear it's just yet another really bad movie.
It won't play.
Well, I think they had originally it linked on... Don't they keep taking it down and stuff?
It keeps getting taken down, but it is...
It does come back up, and if you read the Kotaku story, which links to the Destructoid story... It's like that Natalie Portman video when she rapped on SNL.
They just kept taking it off of YouTube, and it kept coming right back.
But here's what you can do if you really want to watch it and keep it or whatever.
You can always download the PSP or iPod versions, and you can download those straight to your PC, if you don't want to stream it later on.
Uh, Brad from PodCulture, which is another indie podcast, is in our chat room right now and says, LOL, we just reviewed that on our latest episode.
So if you want to hear Brad's review of Dead or Alive the movie.
Check out podculture.blogspot.com This whole movie could have been made a lot better and worth watching if it were rated NC-17 and there was more nudity.
Because right now, as it stands, there is no nudity in it.
So that is the main problem to why this... Because it doesn't matter if the movie sucked.
As long as it had nudity, it would have been great.
Whoever's playing this Rondo of Blood is really bad.
I mean...
How about the... You know, one of those sites taped me playing one of the game.
I don't know who did it, but you know how like they do the... Did you keep getting picked up by the dragon?
No.
Then this isn't you.
Oh, good.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
and he had practiced before making cinematic versions of the game.
So it should be interesting.
He's also made Audition, Chakushin Ari and one of Loki's favorites, Ichi the Killer.
Ichi the Killer is awesome.
So he should be very excited about this new Yakuza flick coming out in Japan.
Because if they tear some guy's face off and throw it against a wall, I mean, I don't see how that could be bad.
Like in Ichi the Killer.
Ichi the Killer.
E.G.
the Killer is lost.
A major UK retailer, HMV, their online store is taking pre-orders for PlayStation 3s, but you have to also purchase a 4GB PSP pack, so you'll be paying a total of 675.
They're sending an email out that will say you become one of the lucky few who can pick up the PlayStation 3 at launch.
The quote says, at hmv.co.uk, we've been working with Sony to offer up to 5,000 customers an incredible deal when you buy the new Sony 4GB PSP.
Anyone who takes advantage of this offer will get priority over other hmv.co.uk customers for the PlayStation 3.
The deal also includes two PSP games, Kills and Liberation and Gangs of London for the price of $6.74.99.
Are they expecting the same mass hysteria over there in the UK that they had over here at first, which then after Christmas just kind of dropped off like a rock?
Because that's the kind of shit we saw them doing over here when it came out.
People went crazy and then realized the Wii was better.
Well, again, the system is only as good as the games that are on it.
So the Wii is better.
Yeah, and the Wii had Zelda and all that.
There's one good PlayStation 3 game out right now.
One.
I really hope more comes out.
I mean, it's not that I want to see Sony fail, and it's not that I want to make fun of Sony, and I love my PlayStation 2, but goddamn, Sony.
They're making it easy for us.
I know.
It's like, God.
We actually have not touched our PS3 in, I want to say, about two weeks now.
And the only reason we actually put anything in it was to watch Talladega Nights, and that was Dan, and I left the room.
I'm sorry I grew up in Alabama.
Alpha Canogram says, I hadn't played Zelda in two to three weeks due to virtual console.
You know, I forgot to say at the top of the show, I've been playing virtual console.
That's the other stuff I've been playing this week.
Mario Kart 64.
Awesome.
Still stuck on our type.
I've been playing Zelda Link to the Past as well.
R-Type.
Zelda Link to the Past.
Super Contra 3.
I can play that on my Nintendo.
R-Type.
My name is Jamie and I have 50,000 consoles in my house.
They're all collecting dust too.
We actually might sell some.
Really?
Yeah.
I'll have to find money.
I want a Virtual Boy for no good reason.
Do you have a Virtual Boy?
You want to buy mine?
$5.
Seriously?
I'll go get $5 right now.
I don't know.
Seriously?
I'll go get $5 right fucking now.
I might have some change in my room.
Alright, anyhow.
I'll take it for $6.
$10?
Do I hear $10?
Fuck you, bitch.
I'll buy $10.
I put down $10.
$15.
Do we hear $15?
Fuck that.
It's not worth $15, no.
Yay!
$10!
Guess what?
I lied.
You're a bitch.
Alright, anyway.
You still love me.
Maybe.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
