Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello everybody and welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio for part B of our podcast.
This is the first time you're listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Remember that we do broadcast in two parts because we tape live on Sunday nights
for about three hours or as tonight's going maybe about four hours.
There's some bonus stuff that you can only hear when you listen to us live or when you listen to us on our rebroadcast over at www.allgames.com
which is Mondays at 5.30 Pacific Standard Time and Tuesdays at 9 a.m.
We like all games because it's this big melting pot of independent podcasts on the internet so it's cool.
We're happy to be a part of it and we're also happy to bring you some more gaming news so let's get back into it.
Yeah and I don't see this happening anytime soon. I see In The Groove being made by Konami before this ever happens.
But apparently Microsoft's Rare, people are thinking just because Diddy Kong Racing came out and that was made by Rare
that more Rare games are going to make their way I guess to the DS.
Well probably not the case but according to Microsoft's VP Shane Kim, he spoke to one up and basically told them
a cameo or Viva Pinata on DS makes a lot of sense in a lot of ways from a franchise perspective.
I think it's fair to say we're going to continue to invest in Viva Pinata but you probably won't see it on the PSP.
I would say you probably won't see it on the DS either because that's still a competing system with them I mean.
That seems so weird to me. So you're basically saying people are assuming because of the fact he said that.
And this just further lends that thing that Microsoft is secretly in bed with Nintendo but they are so the bottom
because Reggie just keeps regulating on Microsoft that no we don't want to form a partnership with Microsoft
we'd rather you buy more of our games and more of our components.
So Microsoft is totally being a submissive bottom in this relationship because now they're talking about
oh but Nintendo I'll totally put Viva Pinata inside you.
I don't know is it just me?
It would work but first off Viva Pinata the graphics wouldn't look right.
I mean it's just another kind of not really a Pokemon type of game but it's you know your breeding stuff.
I don't know.
SSJ100Matt says maybe Microsoft should give Nintendo advice on internet play. You win.
Yeah. Seriously.
Bandit says hey Rare and yes I'm talking with my mouth full I can do that it's partly my show too.
Bandit says hey Rare give me Killer Instinct already.
I say that with a mouth full of donut.
Fuck that you get Banjo-Kazooie.
Ewww.
Kazooie wasn't that bad.
Yes it was.
Mike W says Major Nelson hearts Nintendo.
So does Trixie.
I remember reading on one of Trixie's blogs in the expo.
I have no idea why I was reading Trixie's blog.
I was bored on the internet and that's where I found myself.
Whenever I hear Trixie I think of the stripper in the Rocky Horror Picture Show but never mind.
So I'm like do you perform with the cast?
Anyway Trixie she wrote like her Christmas list and one of the things on the Christmas list was a Wii.
Then I was like aren't you guys supposed to be competitors?
So Microsoft again being the submissive big old bottom.
Not that there's anything wrong with that.
That's your thing.
Can I say personally though that I'm actually really impressed at how the Xbox 360 just took off.
I mean again I'm more of a spectator because of little money.
But I mean at the very beginning having an Xbox was just no you know you have a console that freezes.
And everybody's giving crap to all my friends who you know initially went out and bought an Xbox.
And the 360 seems to be kicking some serious ass.
So I mean that seems to be exciting and it's actually something that I enjoyed as well when I started to play it.
I think the problem with the classic Xbox can be personified with a comic strip I used to read that hasn't really been updated in a long time.
But if you ever read Spamusement I think the problem with the Xbox was brilliantly summed up in a Spamusement cartoon where it said the subject line.
For those who don't know Spamusement takes spam email subject lines and make cartoons out of them.
So the spam email subject line was are you man enough for this?
And what it was is it was an Xbox with a deep fryer attachment.
And that was the problem with the original Xbox is it was too butch.
But the Xbox 360.
And the controller was just too fucking big.
The Xbox 360 you know it's still butch you know it's not gay but it's a little fruity and that's okay.
It's got like Viva Pinata.
I was this close actually to getting my boyfriend the Xbox 360.
I'm too good I got my ex a PSP for Christmas.
I was this close to actually getting my boyfriend the 360 because that's what he loves because he loves the Xbox for Christmas.
But well I figured that the Xbox was 300 something odd dollars worth of depreciation.
Whereas the guitar gets worth more.
And also the Xbox 360 is worth a lot of ignoring girlfriend time.
So but you know when the price drops up I'll probably invest in it because people are very happy with them.
Oh JV Mon sums it up perfectly the 360 is metrosexual.
Not to I hate going back to the well no I don't but not to go too much back to the gay issue.
But I get a magazine called The Advocate which is basically a gay and lesbian magazine specifically.
Is that Glad's agenda?
Because you know I am a gay gamer I'm not the biggest fan of Glad.
Because they have to get their panties ruffled too easy.
I don't know who it was but they were talking about how video games are starting to bring more of that in.
And they were talking like Bully was one of them Sims 2 but they talked about Gears of War.
Like the two main characters like no one can convince me that those two characters are not boning each other.
Well look you know one of the achievements is called I wish I knew how to quit you or like Dom curious.
I don't remember what it was called something like oh no that was like I can't quit you Dom or something like that.
It's one of the achievements in Gears of War.
Oh my god.
There's subtleties there.
Meg's giving me huge shit about it like they are not.
It's nothing major it's just an LOL moment.
It's not trying to make a statement or anything like oh Cliffy B is like secretly a gay supporter.
Maybe he is I don't who cares it's a video game who cares.
I can't tear away my boyfriend from Gears of War at Best Buy does that make him kind of gay?
You can tear away your microphone with gay.
Because I'll totally go for the guy that said he'd marry me for like an adventure game.
I got gay from Rob a long time ago with the Pepsi bong.
Alright anyhow.
Golf Land.
I'm being asked by several people please tell me you aren't a crab person.
No well both of us because we are both gay.
Did you ever see an episode of South Park with the crab people?
Queer Eye?
Never mind.
Do we ever talk video games on the show?
Yes we do once in a while and this is a very interesting sort of game that's coming to the DS.
There's a new brand of toys in Japan called Treasure Gaust and it's going to be coming to the DS.
Well get this.
You remember how like Boktai used Sunlight and there was another game in Japan that used bar codes?
This game uses natural magnetic fields to build your Pokemon-ish type creatures.
So the game is encouraging you to find the Earth's natural magnetic fields to build your monster.
Dude that's interesting but I did not like Boktai.
Lunar Nights looks kind of cool or actually I played Lunar Nights it was kind of fun but Boktai was not fun for me.
Take your DS to a power plant.
Or get a blacklight in your house because that thing will send that thing off the rockets.
I wonder if a fridge magnet will fuck with this game.
Do they have those stones that make noise?
So there you go Treasure Gaust coming to the DS.
Boy the DS now really does everything.
Well that's kind of cool though because it's like degausting your monitor by now.
It's certainly something new.
Well here is something new but not really.
We get more Harvest Moon.
Da award of the week.
Harvest Moon DS will be out on the 13th of April.
I know at least in the UK I'm not sure if that's also playing to the US because I got my information off of UK stuff.
However it's more cows and more sheep and you get tutorials on how to raise your animals and plant seeds and crops and make money on your farm.
Fall asleep while playing a video game.
And have sex with Harvest Sprites and the Witch Princess.
I'm awake.
No really.
And then you can actually get married in the game.
You have 25 villagers and you can go fishing.
And all they do is just nag you the fucking tend to the animals.
You can probably you know hump the sheep or something.
All they do is stay at home and watch Oprah while you're out milking the cow.
I have a Harvest Moon sheep.
I do.
He sleeps by my bed with Stitch.
Gaming Nerd says I'm buying this game.
There you go.
John Dorian says I think Harvest Moon for the DS already came out.
I don't know if this is a new one.
I think this is a new one.
There's a new Harvest Moon game every year on every platform so you know it's the same fucking thing every time.
I'm sorry I'm not a big Harvest Moon fan if you can't already tell.
I find the game to be incredibly boring yet I love Animal Crossing.
So obviously my taste in games is fucked I admit it.
Evangelicals love Animal Crossing.
Evangelicals love Animal Crossing?
Why would Evangelicals?
You should have seen the shit we were doing in Animal Crossing.
I got one of my animals to always say you cunt after everything they said.
Can I have a fish you cunt?
And then like we painted gay pride symbols and put them all over town.
Remember the girls in my village who was their village lesbian?
My Animal Crossing village was an evangelical nightmare.
On my DS one though we had our village lesbian and when she moved out we cried.
No I remember that.
It's because I hit her with a bug net so much.
She went to Julie's village and she was a PE teacher.
She had gym equipment.
That's right she had gym equipment in her house.
She was such a lesbian.
And so we made a little rainbow sign to be outside of her house.
Do you know why Animal Crossing is sick?
Because we're talking about these people like they're real.
You know you liked Olivia.
That's the one I think I got to say you cunt after everything.
Yes.
There's nothing funnier than getting video game characters to say shit and poop.
Yay!
How about peepee caca?
Anyway.
I had one that said that.
So, Capcom.
Yeah, they're awesome.
They used to have a studio called Clover which put out such games like Okami, Viewtiful Joe,
fun stuff like that.
Well of course you remember Clover went bye bye.
But now the four members of Clover have formed a brand new studio called Seeds and no projects
have been announced from them yet but of course you know features such a wonderful talent
as Sushi Nabi or Naba which he worked on Viewtiful Joe, Resident Evil's Shinji Mikami and Devil
McRise, Hideki Kamiya and I probably butchered those names but should be interesting.
Hopefully we get some more original games kind of like actually they worked on what
was it?
Gun Hand was?
I think that was the name of that.
God Hand.
That's what it was.
That was okay.
But yeah, awesome.
More studios making more games.
I have on another completely different tangent, I have the news that might save PlayStation
3 and here it is.
There's a rumor going around that there are because based off reports from Japan that
the head of the Sony financial division is suggesting that a PlayStation 3 price cut
in 2007 may be on the way.
Now it seems like there's a story about this like every other week but this one's really
been circulating around the different blogs so we hope there's a little bit of truth to
it but the honest end of it is if there is a price cut coming it's probably not till
Christmas because they'll try to lie to fire under PS3 sales.
They're going to have to because Halo 3 is going to be a big problem.
I would say if they want to be smart they'll cut it the same day or I mean they'll cut
the price of the PlayStation 3 the same day as the Halo 3 comes out.
That would be the best thing ever.
We'll see what happens.
Well as for other things that we're seeing happening and I really wish we weren't seeing
this happen there's an Aqua Teen Hunger Force game on the PS2 and this is what you get for
drinking beer milkshakes.
Yeah it's a golfing game I know it's just extreme combat golf they call it.
Who's story is this?
Okay till it's warm at the game Jamie go right ahead.
Can I say something completely random first?
Jamie likes to do that to my stories.
This has nothing to do with gaming at all but you know how in Rocky Horror Picture Show
at the end you always have like if you ever go see it live in the theater when Riff Raff
and Magenta come back into the they're sometimes dressed up as famous couples or some type
of coupling like you know maybe they'll come like well I remember one time when I actually
performed as Riff Raff we came out as the characters from Brokeback Mountain and you
know just like couples like that well last night they came out in these giant cardboard
cutouts of Aqua Teen Hunger Force and it was the best gold scene I'd ever seen in my life.
Jenna is papayas!
Something like that.
Sorry that was that random moment was brought to you.
I was just sort of in shock because I'm like it's bad enough that it's Aqua Teen Hunger
Force but they have to just completely turn the state in my heart and making it combat
golf with sawed-off shotguns.
Um Midway stop taking the LSD please.
You are not a hero.
You cannot tell the future through Aqua Teen Hunger Force.
Lay off the drugs.
Next please.
I want to read some comments from chat real quick going to let's see back to the PlayStation
3 story.
Let's have T says PlayStation 3 needs a price cut.
That's the only way that it might become a real threat to Microsoft.
SSJ 100 Matt says Aqua Teen Hunger Force game the only game that won't be in Boston.
To which WB Bulldogs tags along to that the Boston scare was a bunch of bullshit.
Media blowing things out of proportion.
Got the show a lot of visibility although I hear it didn't help in the ratings that's
too bad.
Well the ratings are doing pretty good as it is.
I mean yeah the show is doing fine as it is so what can you do?
Anyways.
Cool!
Megatox is going to let me borrow a hotel desk.
I don't want to play this.
Oh I want a game!
You mean book.
I can't have the game.
He's loaning it to me.
I'm taking it back and burning it.
Oh game lust!
Neek Latov says I'm not allowed to rub the game against my chest.
Do you want to say anything real quick because you haven't been on the show really?
We had everybody like Grand Central Station through here in part A.
Are we still talking about video games?
Once in a while.
We just talked about the Aqua Teen Hunger Force game and well Loki's going to be getting
in the next story.
You want to say anything?
First I'm super excited for Silent Hill the shooty game because it's got Pyramid Head
and secondly I'm super excited because I got hit on tonight that was fun.
The end.
Maybe some chatters will hit on you.
You should send your pic.
Oh no you're in our top on Myspace.
Here you go.
Alright anyway sorry.
Well fuck you.
Alright sorry.
So if this is your first time listening to Orange Lounge Radio please don't let this
be representative of every show.
Every time I'm on this frickin' show you say that Rob.
Every single time.
It doesn't mean anything I swear.
Heart.
Broken.
Oh okay I get to read a story now.
That's great.
Anyways apparently the team behind Ico is working on a brand new title for the PS3.
People are hoping that it's a brand new version of Shadow Colossus or even Ico.
Although it's probably going to be something original that looks yet very similar to both
those two games.
No word on what it is but we know that they're working on something.
There's something coming soon.
You gotta love gaming news like that.
Something is coming.
Something is coming to the PlayStation 3 and it's got a big schnauzer.
It's Qbert.
Perverts.
Qbert's coming to the PlayStation 3 on February 22nd, hey that's this week, $4.99 undercutting
the cost of the average Microsoft game by one cent.
Good job Sony.
And of course Qbert will have the online leaderboards.
It's going to be in 720p and apparently players will be fighting against each other to see
who can be the supreme noser because that's the number one personal leaderboard is the
supreme noser.
I'm sorry, Qbert jumped the shark when they had the Qbert cartoon although that was kind
of cool.
But I do love the Qbert game.
I do love the fact that Sony can't really say anything about their PlayStation network
right now because there's nothing on it.
Nothing.
There's nothing on there.
There's like six games and a few demos and that's it.
To be honest, the fucking Nintendo network has more stuff on it than the Sony network.
I mean, come on, put out some more shit.
I don't care if this is stuff that's already been on like the 360 or whatever.
More games.
Seriously.
More demos.
I mean, full auto 2 demo.
Only months after the game came out, hooray, and you know what, the game still sucks.
And I don't know, they just need more shit.
Qbert is not filling the void that they need.
More original stuff.
And no PSP ports.
Top it with the goddamn PSP ports.
Well why don't we move away from Sony's stinky poop pile of a camp and go to the Nintendo
world.
Although this is actually pretty poopy too.
Cooking Mama Cook Off has actually been pushed back, sorry, in Europe.
Sorry Europe.
The original release date was March 29th, now it's pushed back to May 10th.
They are not listing a reason.
That's really crappy, isn't it?
Don't worry Europe.
Mama will fix it.
I had to, sorry.
We love you Europe.
Even though we don't like the band.
Okay, well, you know, news of Cooking Mama getting delayed, even if it doesn't directly
affect us here in the US, we feel you're angst, our listeners overseas.
We feel you're angst, and therefore we dedicate this FUs of the Week segment to our overseas
listeners.
Dark Sakura, start us off with the angst.
Fuck you to accidents, because I banged my wrist into a big metal pole today and I had
a big bruise, and now I have a big soul and scald on my hand from your freaking tea, Rob.
You didn't have to, but it was yummy, thank you.
I didn't buy it.
Oh, thank you.
And, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, um, FU to having to pay $800 to buy on the talk
table.
Loki!
Um, I don't really have anything, other than, I guess, um, FU people that can't, you know,
abide by street dates, you know, I know that's a bit, you know, hypocritical, but yeah, anyway,
it's an exception.
Because you see, the rules state that you cannot sell it, rent it, or, um, make it available
to the public, you know, in that form.
Playing it is not on there.
Playing it is okey-dokey, so that's all I did was play it.
I didn't sell it or rent it, so I'm off scuffery.
But anyways, um, other people though, even people that should know better, like some
of the CompUSA's and EB games out there, it's, there's a big fucking sticker on it that says
do not sell before 2.20, don't be a dumb fuck, I mean, you're not getting paid that much
money to do your job, and I mean, and honestly, no one gives a shit if you have the game,
you know, days before everybody else.
No one's gonna forget it, you know, down the line anyways, so, who gives a crap?
But I need more people to buy this game, so I can play with them on time, so it's gonna
be fun.
I'm thinking about it, but 60 bucks is a lot to spend, I mean, look how much I play
Gears of War.
It, it, it's fun, it really is fun.
I'll think about it.
You gotta bring your copy over so I can play.
Alright.
Um, my view of the week goes to my voice, because I'm losing it again, and that sucks,
because, um, you know, for those that say I talk too much on this show, do realize I'm
used to talking all day and getting paid for it for a living, uh, in the teaching world,
so, uh, yeah, I'm losing my voice and having to go to my day job tomorrow, it's gonna kinda
suck.
Luckily I can just give my class a test.
I'm off, Rob.
Well, you suck.
I'll be, I'll be at, at home enjoying my day off for you.
Good.
You have fun with that, bitch.
Alright.
I mean, I love you, Rissa!
Hi!
Yay!
You're, you're inaugural FUs of the week, what do you wanna angst on?
Ooh, yeah, I get to break my FU of the week, sorry.
It's funny, because, um, as my friends like to say, um, after work, I love to get my hate
on, but I'm having such a good time being up here up north, of NorCal rules, and SoCal's
rules, for the moment, I'm an LA native, um, but my FU of the week is so funny, because
I hate, I hate that I love to get my hate on, as my, yeah.
Let it all out, baby, let it all out.
Let it all out!
I'm, like, in a slayer, what can I say?
Uh, I guess my FU of the week can go to my ex-boyfriend, not because I'm bitter, okay,
I am a little bit, but, uh, cuz he has every reason, which one, huh, oh, not him, oh, cuz
I was gonna say that one, you have every reason.
Oh, FU of the week to him too, but, uh, David, AKA S.S.
Caley and big, uh, gamer, g-gamer nerd, and he likes to make anime and music videos, and
instead of, and he probably does, that's why I'm doing it, and instead of going out, which
is okay, because I would pay for everything anyway, and I got on the PSP, because you
know why, because I am the best ex-boyfriend ever, but, uh, we used to play the green cast
on the lawn instead of going anywhere, and, well, cuz I wasn't allowed to go in the house
and put the green cast on the lawn.
Oh, and, um, and FU of the week to people, um, with Honda's, because I love my Honda,
but putting a fart can on your Honda, okay, Honda's are great, Honda's are fantastic,
I love it, but they're economical, and, and, and good on gas, but they're not FU-ing racing
shoes, so, yeah.
And last but not least, some, uh, lesbian FUs from Chris.
Uh, I have, I have, uh, two quick ones, I won't be too long, uh, one, FU to, uh, the
Scientology Center for fucking roping my father into it, leave my father alone, he's old,
he's bitter, and he has money, knock the fuck off, I'm so sick of those people, and, uh,
FU of the week to me, because...
You sure are awesome.
Yeah, but, I don't, I wish I could do more for Meg D. I know I've rinsed out stuff, like,
every week that I'm on here with Meg D, but she lives in Wisconsin, she goes to school
full-time, she's at work part-time, and she's got ASUN coming up where she's being in costume
and stuff like that, and she's just so stressed out, and I FU to me for not being able to
do something to help her more.
You know what, she's got, she's obviously got a gal who loves her very much, and, you
know, a lot of people in this world are not that lucky, so, you know, that's what she
can do.
I just wish I could do more for her.
I hate not being there when she's sitting there, you know, just stressed out, it's so
infuriating.
Oh, she's gonna come out here, and then you guys are gonna get married and have 10,000
babies, so, you know.
Fuck yeah.
And they're all mine!
They're all gonna be named Mr. Sinister.
No, no, she wants a child and name it Mr. Sinister to guarantee she never has children,
I will be popping them out the fucking next day.
Wow.
She'll enjoy that.
Somehow we went from I love my girlfriend so much to fuck you, Maisie, fuck you right
in your earhole.
She knows I love her, I bought her a pink leather collar.
I love Maisie, too, she's great.
I'm sorry, I have one last fuck you of the week, and that's to Gears of War for hypnotizing
my boyfriend.
He never wants to leave the fucking Best Buy.
Oh, Gears of War, awwww.
So yeah.
Anyone else?
I need a new boyfriend, any volunteers?
It's a popular game.
Well, I don't swing that way, but like, I'll pose in pictures and stuff so you can tell
your family that, you know, I've, what, at Disneyland?
Yeah, I remember that girl of my friends that met you, she asked, she's like, is that Jamie's
husband?
That was the best thing ever.
Who?
Carolyn.
Oh, my stalker.
Carolyn, your little stalker, asked if Rob, I don't know.
Yeah, apparently I was Jamie's husband.
Apparently you were Jamie's husband, I'm sorry, Rob, I love you to death, but you're gay and
you act it!
How could you?
I am not gay!
What are you talking about?
How can anyone mistake you for her husband?
Sorry.
Alright, I'm done.
Alright.
Back to gaming news.
Because they couldn't hear him talk in the picture.
In fact, on my Myspace, Chris left me a comment where I'm holding the gay lightsaber from
Disneyland because it was a-
I had it in my bin once.
It says, use the gay force, Rob.
Oh, I need to add that to my pictures now that I have 300 pictures, so I'm going to
do that.
Alright, sorry.
Gaming news, anybody, somebody, help!
Anyways, so out of all the retarded shit that come out for gamers, this has to be up there
with some of them.
Headshot, the energy bar, yes, you too can buy a fucking energy bar called Headshot and
be super cool because you eat fucking energy bars that have to do with gaming, while you're
gaming.
Ooh, you're fucking awesome.
And you know, while you're at it, why don't you wash that headshot down with some balls.
Dude, that sounds like fun!
Come on, Shami, I know I'm your husband, but can I drink some balls?
You know, we should tell Mr. Spanky about it, Rob.
We should tell Mr. Spanky about that.
Alright, anyhow, yeah, Headshot, wow, that's something else.
Oh, and that was the other thing, I believe it was this website, uncommonloot.com, that
was running the story about that, and it looks so awful, probably tastes like ass, too.
Some people like the taste of ass.
You're like ass, well we have the drink for you.
Wasn't there a drink on Engrish.com or something that was A-S-S-E or something?
No, it was a type of candy.
Macari Sweat's actually really good.
Wait, what was it going to say?
What was it?
Oh, Rob D. in chat said, if Rob and Jamie were married, one of them would be dead by
now.
So true.
That would be Rob.
So true.
Well, really.
Anyhow, let's get into some PC gaming news, because I know it's been a pretty interesting
show tonight with some very random stuff, but there's nothing more hardcore than PC
gaming, because seriously, PC gamer fans are foaming at the mouth hardcore, not that there's
anything wrong with that.
Myst Online went live this week.
This is a game a lot of folks have been like, ooh, even Marissa's gassed me there.
No, Myst is not dead.
Through the service GameTap, you can play Myst Online, it's $9.95 a month for GameTap,
and you get access to hundreds of games, not just this.
It launched on February 15th.
Right now, it's only available to GameTap subscribers, but apparently, they're going
to make the game available as a direct download in other countries, because right now GameTap's
only available in the US and Canada, and there's folks overseas that want to play this game.
Australia, Japan, wherever they are, they want to play this game as well.
So they're looking into options, Turner, who runs GameTap.
So that's pretty awesome.
That's so great to hear about Myst so many years later.
I can't believe it's still around.
I mean, I heard about the sequels, but it is kind of funny, though, since the original
game is very solitary and very lonely, and now you're communicating with other people.
I have the parody version, though, pissed.
Wow.
No, I actually really want to check this out.
I'm going to really try to play this and review it for next week's show, because I keep saying,
oh, I've got to play Sam and Max.
I really need to spend some quality time with GameTap, but I keep going back to wow, because
it's crack.
Huh?
Add it.
Or crack.
Sorry.
Anyway, well, just a little bit of information.
For fans of Gears of War who have a PC, it's eventually going to be on the PC.
It was actually confirmed by Epyc's VP, Mark Raine, said that it's not just a rumor, it's
going to happen, just not soon.
They just said it's inevitable.
I guess it's not a really big surprise.
I mean, you know, it's one of Microsoft's biggest, if they want more people to come
over to the PC bandwagon, you know, why not put something out for those that don't have
the 360.
Gears of War is a huge title.
Makes perfect sense.
I don't know why it took them this long to simply acknowledge it.
Anyways, so there's going to be a brand new action-oriented role-playing game coming
out to the PC.
Silver Fall by Atari and Monte Cristo Games is finally gone gold.
It's scheduled to be released on March 20th and will retail for $39.95.
It actually looks pretty cool, kind of a little fantasy mixed with technology type of role-playing
game.
It's kind of like a Final Fantasy.
Plus, the cover has boobs on it, so you got to buy it because of the boobies, you know.
What do you think, Jamie?
Let me see.
Not bad, she probably has back problems.
Well, if you've been wanting to make a boob out of yourself, you might want to check out
Rayman Raving Rabbids on the Xbox 360 because it's going to be using the vision camera.
There will be gesture-based games for 37 of the minigames in Rayman Raving Rabbids.
So that's, I guess, its answer to, you know, the Wii, because it's not going to have the
Wii controls, so that's something a little different.
So there you have it.
You know, where the Wii does not have a camera, now you're going to get this on the Xbox 360.
That's going to be interesting.
That's going to work fantastic.
Yeah, I know.
Those camera games are not that great, but Rayman Raving Rabbids doesn't exactly have
a lot of, like, I would think in translating some of those games, there's not a lot of
motion-intensive stuff in that game, you know what I mean?
Like I can't imagine there would be that much motion.
There's a lot of motion going on in that game.
Never mind, forget it.
Just don't buy it.
It's a horrible game.
Alright, I'll do that.
I'll do that.
Let's see.
Let's go on to Dark Sockra's website of the week.
I was reading, I was trying to see if there was good chat comments, sorry if I sounded
a spy track.
No, they're talking about breasts.
They're all talking about boobs.
Although, I do have to say, like, holy shit, it's Boobs Get in the Car from GS68.
My rebuttal to that was going to the Boobs BRB.
Alright, well, I also want to hear your rebuttal to the website of the week, because every
week Dark Sockra surfs the website up and down and left and right to find her favorite
website.
I don't know if it will be Doctor Who related this week.
We will soon find out.
Here we go.
Yes, she does surf the website up and down.
Did I say the web?
Shut up.
The website of the week is the Orange Dogs Radio Forum.
No.
You know, Rob, Rob, stop the music, stop the music.
The website of the week is very personal to me, very important, and you know, I think
that we're forgetting the presence of greatness in our lives.
We should all bow down and pay homage to our Lord and Master, the Flying Spaghetti Monster.
Bless him, he has fostered us, Robin!
Oh my God, yes!
So the site dedicated to our noodley Lord and Master...
I am a pasta-fari, and I must confess, blessed be his noodley goodness, ramen.
The site is...
What the fuck happened to this show?
Seriously, what fucking show am I on?
In the name of the noodle, I beseech thee to shut the fuck up.
I love carbohydrates.
Carbohydrates are so good.
The site is www.venganza.org.
For a little bit of history, the great one was discovered through a series of detections
along the same lines as Intelligent Design.
And if Intelligent Design can't exist, why can't the Flying Spaghetti Monster?
Just for a brief commercial for pasta-farianism, our heaven has a beer volcano and a stripper
factory.
So I recommend that everybody, or just worship the IPU, whatever, just go visit the site
and soon you will become one of us, because hey, if, you know, Scientology exists, why
can't the Flying Spaghetti Monster?
Wait, there's actually a million dollar prize if you can prove that the Flying Spaghetti
Monster does not exist.
There's no way to do it.
No.
In fact, there's tons of photographic evidence on the site.
Yeah, like drawings.
So...
No, there's real life pictures.
If we go out to dinner at the Olive Garden, and I decide I don't like my food, because
Olive Garden's food does taste a little bit, you know, rank.
It's an insult to Italians.
Did you ever see that episode with the Playboy Bunnies, and they asked the Playboy Bunny,
what was that show?
Hugh Hefner Knows Best or something?
Playboy Knows Best?
I don't remember what it was.
And they asked the one Playboy Boy and what her favorite Italian restaurant is, and she
says the Olive Garden, and everybody's like, oh my god, what the hell's wrong?
So anyway, if I were to, like, get upset with my food and pick up a big hunk of spaghetti
and throw it at Jamie, could I yell Flying Spaghetti Monster and everything would be
okay?
Because we have...
This has the best Valentine on it.
It says, I love you, but you must die.
Bob, the best part about Flying Spaghetti Monsterism is that we have flimsy moral standards.
Can I get gay married in Pastafarian?
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Can't you be ordained in Pastafarian?
Well, you can be ordained in anything, God bless Pastafarian.
That's it.
I'm a registered minister in California.
Wasn't that from an episode of South Park?
By the end of March, I will be an ordained minister of Pastafarianism.
Wait a minute.
This is an episode of South Park where Mrs. Garrison says something about the Flying Spaghetti
Monster.
I remember this distinctly.
The Flying Spaghetti Monster.
It came about when someone was trying...
The whole thing with the...
Intelligent design.
Intelligent design.
You know, God invented the earth and that kind of thing, and they're trying to teach
it in schools.
It's like, that's bullshit.
It's not science.
Whatever.
You may believe it's not science.
There's nothing to back it up.
So these guys said, well, shit, we might as well have a pasta creature that can fly around
and has a beer volcano in it.
And they used the same type of disjointed argument, the intelligent design.
Every time you talk about a Spaghetti Monster, I think about Pizza the Hutt from Spaceballs.
Yeah!
That guy scares me.
He ate himself.
I actually think that Pizza the Hutt is one of the avatars of his noodly goodness.
It was fully inspired, I think.
It's a funny sight.
Go see it, God damn it.
I have been touched by the noodly appendage.
I think next week, we'll be changing the name of the show from Orange Lounge Radio Video
Game Radio to Orange Lounge Radio from What the Fuck Ever.
Sorry, Rob.
No, it's all right.
It's funny.
I'm not going to be on the show next week, so it's okay.
No, it's all right.
Last week was just as bad.
You know, folks in chat seem to be digging it, so whatever.
As long as they're happy, Rob.
As long as they're happy.
I love you, Jamie!
That's right.
As long as the masses are pleased.
I mean, we can't talk about video games all day long.
I mean, you have to have a life outside of games.
Really?
Or else when will you ever get an orgasm?
Seriously.
Whee!
Whee!
I found that.
I'm not going to say that on air.
But we are going to get back into some gaming news.
Are we?
Loki?
Yes?
Yes, if someone gives me a microphone.
Anyways, so that wonderful game that I've been playing, Crackdown.
It only has 900 achievement points.
It is missing 100 of them.
I know, everyone pause.
That's tragic news, but they are coming later on in a free downloadable thing.
What they're going to be doing for the last 100 points, well, they don't really know yet.
What they're doing is watching how people play the game, kind of like a Big Brother
sort of thing, and they're going to figure out some achievements based on that.
So for example, if you're into say, kicking objects really high into the air with your
character, like say pipes on a rooftop, into oncoming traffic or stuff like that, that
could become an achievement later on.
Or I don't know, punting people over a bridge or something, I don't know.
As long as there's not some dumbass achievement for 1,000 people in the lobby at once.
I don't think there is a lobby in this game.
I know, but I'm making reference to that one.
Yes, that's retarded.
That was stupid.
Do you know why they did that?
Because they were hoping they sold 1,000 copies of NBA Live or something.
Well apparently they did, because the community came together and got it done.
Good job.
Yeah, worldwide.
I don't know.
All bought by Achievement Point Horse.
To be honest though, Crackdown's achievements, they're not that hard.
They're pretty easy.
Well, I know Loki likes Crackdown a whole lot, but there's only a few things I can think
of that are even better than Crackdown, Loki must agree.
Now one of them would be zombies, and there's only one thing better than zombies, believe
it or not, and that would be Hideo Kojima.
Would you believe that the meeting of this awesomeness, these two worlds of awesome could
be in the near future?
The zombie idea I have is a bit different.
Imagine a large town where half the inhabitants are zombies.
Users would subscribe, get inside the town, and get bitten.
At that stage they become undead and can't control their character.
All they can do is modify the camera angles.
They would see their character attacking humans and have to pay to just watch.
The only way they could end it is by opening another account, hunting themselves down and
killing themselves.
Of course, the problem is that your second character can get bitten as well.
Wasn't this already done in a Resident Evil game?
I think of Infected for PSP for some reason.
I want to say a Resident Evil game that was played online.
Outbreak?
Yeah, I think it might have been Outbreak, where if you did get bitten or whatever,
that you wouldn't be able to control your character or something like that.
I want to say that that was Outbreak.
Well Hideo Kojima says, quote, he's going to take some time to prepare a zombie title
if the timing's right.
Just take that very seriously.
Listen, here's what you need to do, and I'm telling you, this is going to be way better
than that stupid zombie game.
Okay, Hideo Kojima's Adventures in Nudie Island, because you're going to have, picture this,
half the residents, hot naked chicks, okay?
You would have people subscribing four times just to have four different people in this
fucking island, and I tell you, that is going to be better than any fucking zombie game
ever.
Beauty and the Geek MMO?
And you know what happens?
And if you get bitten by the naked chicks, if you're into that kind of thing, then you
turn into another naked chick or something.
Isn't the downside, though, that half of those quote-unquote naked chicks are men playing
as naked chicks?
That would be me.
I always play women in MMOs, always.
That's why, I don't know, the naked chicks would be only controlled by AI, so it'd never
be men playing.
Oh, so you're never actually having real sex, ever?
It doesn't matter, you're never having real sex in this game anyways.
If you want real sex, go and fucking get a woman.
Festering Rash in our chat, which I believe is just DMN under a different name, says,
Loki, it's called Second Life.
Oh!
Touche.
What they need to do is seriously, Tecmo needs to partner with Girls Gone Wild in his fucking
DOA Xtreme 3, or Girls Gone Wild- Who's that guy who makes Dead or Alive, Itagaki?
Oh my god, he needs to do something like, how much do I have to pay him, though, to
put in a little gay content?
Not lesbians, sorry Chris, but like, you know, a hardcore, like, guy-on-guy action.
Did you say sorry to me?
No, I said Chris.
Because it's probably Shane, like- No, not Shane, I'm sorry you're here.
I'm sorry you're here.
Alright.
I love one-sided conversations on the radio.
So professional.
Anyhow, shall we move on?
Why not?
You know what, I have better things to do, no I'm kidding.
For everybody who was into Amplitude, who played Amplitude Online, Sony is giving the
online server the boot right at the ass.
The Amplitude online server is going away.
It will be, I believe actually was down now.
It went off on Sunday, right?
I think today was the last hurrah.
7pm Eastern Time, so it's gone already.
Aw, that's sad, kinda.
That's so sad that a game that's a few years old loses its online content.
Buy a new game!
How about they make one as good as Amplitude?
That would be awesome.
Give me Guitar Hero Online.
You jerk.
I don't care if Marissa hates Guitar Hero, I'd play it.
I liked Amplitude and I did play it online.
Of course, not two years.
Lately I have, Chris.
Okay, this is not the Let's Cry About Rob Not Getting Laid show.
Hey, guess what?
What?
If you thought that Gran Turismo HD was an awesome preview of what Gran Turismo 5 may
be someday, whenever the fuck it comes out, well guess what?
Gran Turismo 5 Prologue is coming out later this year and it's supposed to be yet another
fucking demo of what Gran Turismo 5 is gonna be.
Hurrah.
And actually, they were saying that if, I think the original Gran Turismo 4 Prologue,
you actually have to buy that.
So I don't know, great, another fucking demo of Gran Turismo.
Guess what?
The first one sucked.
I didn't like it.
And the second one, probably not gonna download it.
Gran Turismo 5, probably not gonna buy it.
So hooray.
James Patrick in chat, commenting on the MMO thing, says a Mass Effect will probably have
gay romance.
Is Skye looking forward to that?
No, because as I said earlier, I always play chicks and MMOs because everybody's nicer
to you when you're a chick in an MMO and I don't wanna do a lesbian thing.
That's gross.
Yeah, World of Warcraft people.
Yeah, first of all, fuck you.
Second of all- Right now?
Yeah, right now, Rob.
Punch fans back on.
There's our random ahh from Exeter.
Don't tell anyone that you're a lesbian on WoW, or that you have a character, because
I swear to God, they will not shut up.
All the guys around you will go, ooh, lesbians, cool.
And everybody else will go, that's against God.
Noobs.
I just think that's a part of the history of the internets, because my father, when
we had prodigy internet, went with his guy friend, who was a teacher, went into a lesbian
chat room and went, hi, lesies, and were immediately booted because everybody knew they were straight.
It's just something about the internet that makes people retarded with that stuff.
My father, for God's sake.
I almost wanna make a gay.com account right now, impersonating us a woman.
I'll put Chris' picture as my profile or something, and go into a chat room and put, hey, lesies.
See what happens.
We were gonna do that for my ex-boyfriend, who is so totally gay, as an April Fools joke,
put his profile and his address.
That's so wrong.
That's so wrong.
Oh, and one of the gay dating sites.
He needs help admitting his gayness.
Yeah, he needs, he's just, yeah, okay.
This show is very gay.
The first step is admitting you're gay.
Well we already did that.
We would like to take your live calls right now on our Skype line.
It's 1-877-GAME-OLR, straight, gay, pre-op, who cares?
We don't care.
Come be gay with us.
Yeah.
Come talk to us about whatever topic you want.
Maybe there's a topic we've already talked about on the show that you wanna elaborate
on.
Maybe there's something new we haven't talked about yet that you'd like to share with us.
It's all in your court right now.
Also, 1-877-GAME-OLR is only local in the United States and Canada, meaning that's where
it's only toll free.
If you are abroad in another country, we encourage you to download Skype and call us on our username,
Orange Lounge Radio on Skype.
They're all gonna call in for Maritha.
We'll see what happens.
Let's go to the first call, boys and girls.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Did I not actually pick up a call?
My bad.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
It's Dark Tetsuya.
Hi, Dark Tetsuya.
What's on your mind tonight, buddy?
I don't know, not much.
I'm just calling in to say hi.
You just wanted to say hi to Maritha?
Is that it?
No.
Yeah.
Oh, thank God.
What are you wearing?
Well, no.
I so want groupies.
Why do only men get groupies?
I want groupies.
Are you kidding?
This woman has so many groupies.
That's because she's hot.
Are you a Dark Sakura groupie, DT?
Say no.
My husband won't let you down.
Kind of.
He says kind of.
Oh, yeah, yeah, no, no, no, not at all.
Dan will step on you.
He's a groupie that respects boundaries.
Yeah.
That's fair.
I prefer fanboys.
All right.
Well, what kind of games you been playing this week, Dark Tetsuya?
Just step on the lead.
I'm trying.
There must have been something that compelled you to pick up the phone and call in.
Was there a story tonight that particularly touched a nerve with you?
Well, the AOU stuff.
Ah, the arcade stuff we talked about in part A, like the Silent Hill game and DDR Super
Nova.
What do you think of all that?
Sounds pretty cool.
I'm hooked about Super Nova 2.
Yeah.
Did you think Super Nova was a real, like, was it, did it kind of rescue the DDR series
or?
I think so.
Very cool.
What features would you like to see new in Super Nova 2?
I mean, just new songs, or what would you like to see Konami do with Super Nova 2?
Well, affecting the new songs, they should probably put in the link mode.
Ah, link mode.
Ah, so like you can use your memory card from the home version on the arcade.
That's a good idea.
Hopefully it'll happen.
Do you like to track your data?
Yeah.
Act Deft, who changed his name to Act Deft Marissa Fan in chat, says, remember to put
in link mode.
Very cool.
Very cool.
Well, anything else on your mind tonight, Dr. Tzuyu?
I just thought that Silent Hill game was cool.
Yeah, it does.
What, what, what, do you think Silent Hill's going to work as a first person shooter?
It might.
I guess we'll see when we play the game, huh?
Yeah.
Do you think the graphics look okay?
I mean, Dark Chakra was kind of knocking the graphics earlier, saying that, you know, PlayStation
2 had better graphics.
What do you think?
Right.
No, no, they look pretty good.
Kind of atmospheric.
Atmospheric.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, Dr. Tzuyu, thanks so much for your call.
We've got to take some other calls, though, but have a good one, okay, buddy?
I will.
Yeah.
All right.
Later.
We welcome your calls right now at 916 anymore.
And I almost gave my home phone number, 877-GAME-OLR.
It's 877-GAME-OLR.
Let's go to another call.
Hi.
You're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's Seisha.
Hi.
I just told you to call.
What's on your mind?
Wow, that was fast.
What's on your mind, Seisha?
No.
I think Silent Hill's going to suck as a first-person shooter.
Why do you think it's going to suck as a first-person shooter?
I don't know.
It's just not going to be, like, atmospheric enough, I don't think.
Do you think it's going to fall into the same pattern that the Resident Evil gun survivor
games did?
Yes.
Definitely.
You know, I actually liked the second one.
I got to play the Biohazard Gun Survivor 2, and I thought it was pretty cool, but I'm
really trying to reserve my judgment for actually playing it.
I just love Silent Hill.
Mmm, but nah.
I like the atmosphere and the whole ambience about it.
I don't think it'll work.
What do you think would make it cool?
Apart from Pyramid Head.
But it has nurses.
I don't know.
I'm just not a really big fan of first-person shooters, I guess.
So if you were going to design a Silent Hill arcade game, how would you make it?
I probably wouldn't make one, to be honest.
Fair enough.
All right, well, I think you have a fan here in studio who wanted to say hello to you,
Asatia, since you called in.
Hi, hot, sexy British guy.
That's Rice Princess, by the way.
Hey, Rice Princess.
How's it going?
I'm really tired, actually.
It's 5 a.m.
Oh, my God.
Aw, and he stayed up to listen to us.
I know, wasn't I?
No, to listen to us, Rice Princess, not you.
Okay, I'm going to go and not cry in a corner.
Not true.
He did ask about her earlier.
Aw, that's so sweet.
And he's all sexy.
You guys should add each other on there.
Oh, my God, we totally should.
Do you use MySpace, Asatia?
Yeah, I do.
Oh, type it to Skye in the chat room.
He's on my friends list.
Oh, is he?
Mm-hmm.
Really?
Yeah.
Well, no.
Hey.
All right.
Well, there you go.
Who's online?
Are you?
No.
Okay.
All right.
There you go.
Sweet.
All right.
Because she loves Silent Hill and could talk all about the first-person games with you,
I guess.
I don't know.
Yeah.
All right.
She might convince me.
All right.
Oh, there you go.
Oh, hey.
All right.
So I've got a bet going now.
Why?
What's that?
I bet Irene can convince.
Oh, man.
Okay.
I'll give you $50.
No, I'm kidding.
Which is like next to nothing in pounds, right?
I know.
Totally nothing at all.
So I guess you're kind of losing out there.
All right.
Well, as much as I'd love to keep the OLR love connection going, we've got to get the
show moving.
Sesha, you're a good sport.
Thanks for calling in and staying up so late.
You're a true fan.
We love you.
See you, guys.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
Bye, sexy British guy.
Have you ever even seen a picture?
No, I don't care.
He sounds hot.
He's cute.
That's very not superficial of you.
That's very nice.
I know.
Yeah.
He sounds really hot, dude.
I saw his picture.
He's cute.
Is he?
Note to all guys.
I think he's cute.
Get fake British accents.
Well, next week on Orange Ounce Radio, we're going to be talking about Rod puppets.
Instant softie there.
Hello.
Is that what I'm doing wrong?
Is that why I can't get laid?
I love the way you say that.
Laid.
Is that why I haven't had a date in so long?
Your accent is terrible.
That was mine.
Why am I even trying?
Well, let's go to another call, shall we?
Better, Rob.
Hello, you're Auntie with Orange Ounce Radio.
Who's this?
Oh, God.
That voice turned me on.
Hi, DMN.
Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, and fuck you.
Hi, DMN.
Right now.
Hi, everybody.
Hi.
You have to come to my birthday party, you bastard.
I'll try.
Okay.
Something about Crackdown I actually wanted to talk about.
I don't know if any of you guys heard, but a Halo 3 demo came with Crackdown.
Careful, don't call it a demo.
It's a beta.
Bill Gates will come sodomize you if you call it a demo.
It doesn't come with a demo.
It will be available for download later.
But here's the thing I don't get is that rabid Halo fanboys who wank off to Master Chief
are basically saying, oh, my God, I have to pay $60 to play the beta.
It's a beta.
No, you don't.
You could have done all those other things like registered and be drawn randomly or play
Halo 2 for some amount of time and be the first 13,333 people.
Or you could unbunch your wedgie and just wait for the real game to come out.
And that's what I'm saying.
It's a beta test.
It's one of the first console games I've ever known of that's having a public beta test.
It's like I was saying earlier in the show, even though 11 billion people are in the Halo
3 beta, and I'm very sorry to Mike W. who was complaining earlier about being a Halo
fan and being like the only person not in the beta.
I'm not in the beta either, but I don't care.
For some reason, people want to be in this beta because it makes their Internet penis
bigger, because it's like I was in the Halo 3 beta.
I'm doing half the Internet.
It's pretty ridiculous.
Anything else you want to share with our listeners tonight, DMN?
STFU, we're looking for a guest.
Anybody who's listening live would like to be a guest.
We're taping Tuesday night, so shoot me an eye.
Why don't you have Rice Prince as a guest?
Oh, Dark Soccer.
I want to, but I'm actually, and I was going to say something about that.
I forgot that my class that I thought was Friday is actually on Tuesday.
I'm actually taking chakra mapping, metaphysical shit.
This is my massage therapy school.
Interesting.
Do you want me to manipulate your energy, DMN?
I don't have any energy today.
Why don't you have Marissa on?
She's welcome to come on if she wants.
Wee!
I say you get a bunch of girls on your show this week.
Oh, no.
And see how you like it when you have more girls than guys on the show.
Aww, estrogen fest!
I see what you did there.
You kind of put your own show name in there.
All right.
Tune in to SDFU on Thursday nights right here on Orange,
Ontario at 7 o'clock Pacific.
It's a good time.
Usually.
Have a good one, DMN.
Bye.
Bye.
Wait, do we have a picture?
Wait, is this a picture?
Yeah.
All right.
I want to see the British guy.
I know, we all want to see.
Rice Princess ran over.
Let's see, let's see.
Aww.
The British guy's hot.
He's kind of young.
Oh, yeah, but he's still hot.
The British guy is hot.
You're going to scare the poor guy off.
Dude, you're a pimp, man.
We all think you're hot.
He's never going to come to chat again.
Look at his other pictures real quick.
All right.
Even Shane like randomly appeared under nowhere.
I heard something about a British guy.
Dude, he's got, okay, that's awesome.
He's got very nice eyes.
All right.
Anyway, can we go to another call?
May we please go to another call?
All right.
Let's go to another call.
Hi, you're on Orange, Ontario.
Who's this?
Hi, Ronma.
It's not Ronma.
Is this Ronma?
Who is it?
It's Exoverr calling from the living room.
Shut up, Exoverr.
It's Exoverr calling from the living room.
I'm so not Ronma.
That's so funny.
Did I sound black?
No, I'm totally white.
Okay.
The few times that I've been on this show and Ronma has called in, he's like scratchy
like he's calling from his cell phone because his, what's it called?
Get off the fucking phone.
Oh, that makes sense.
Anyway, bye.
Fucker.
No cookie.
I hate this show.
By the way, Marissa, Act of Death is now Act of Death Marissa fans.
We got to go to another call.
Hi, you're on Orange, Ontario.
Who's this?
Static.
Hello?
Can you hear us?
Okay.
Unfortunately, that caller did not go through and it was a new caller and I feel bad that
I had to hang up.
No, you don't.
Well, you know, I just, you know, I appreciate new people taking the effort to call in, but
unfortunately we couldn't hear you.
Maybe there was lag or something.
Act of Death says heart, Marissa.
Heart, you too.
Here's also a PSA for any new caller from the show.
It was Yumi.
I know and that's why I felt bad.
Yumi, make your microphone work.
It's not what I want to hear from you.
Use the power of evil.
That's all right.
We'll go to another call in the meantime.
Hi, you're on Orange, Ontario.
Who's this?
This is a long time listener, Dark Knight, rising from the dead.
Hi, Dark Knight.
Hi, it's DK.
It's been a long time since we heard from you, buddy.
What's on your mind?
Uh, nothing much.
I thought I might give...
Oh, hold on.
I know.
The feedback is horrible, isn't it?
He's my Southern buddy.
Okay, I'm good.
I just want to give a little mini review on Diddy Kong, because I saw it in the chat room earlier about it.
Please do, I haven't played this game yet. I'm curious if I should pick it up.
It's okay, but like they said, it's more like a rehash of the N64 version.
Really?
It seems like a rehash of the N64 version. The only difference is that some of the mini games will incorporate the use of the stylus.
Sort of like how Mario on the DS, the launch title, was kind of Mario 64 with some extra frills.
Exactly. Like I said, it was more of a rehash, if anything else.
Like when you're doing your turbo boost, you know how in the N64 one you usually hit the buttons.
To do the turbo boost on this one, you actually have to use the stylus to boost your level up to do the boost.
Well, would you recommend the game to others?
Yes, no.
What was it? Yes, no? Yeah, you know?
Yeah, you know.
I mean, yes to some, they're hard fans, but if you've never played Diddy Kong before or something like that, you might want to pass.
So people that are expecting to play Mario Kart DS Part 2, they're going to be disappointed, you think?
Just about if anything else.
All right, well, so noted. Anything else you want to comment on on tonight's show?
Like I said, it's been a long time calling the show. I've missed talking to you guys at times.
Well, we miss having you call in, so feel free to call us anytime. You know where to find us.
Yeah, usually though, I'm calling on Travis' show, and he can tell you that I have been in good appearance on that show lately.
Travis has a great show, and all the callers just enhance to that show, no matter how good or bad they are, so it's a good time.
Especially since he has a NASCAR partner, so yeah.
That's Saturday nights on Orange Laundrio, by the way. Check it out, Travis Donovan.
All right, Dark Knight, have a good one, and thanks so much for your call.
No problem. You have a good night.
You too.
Later, guys.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
I like hearing from Dark Knight. I like hearing from all our callers.
And if you're wondering, and you're sitting at home and asking yourself, why do the same people call in every week?
Because they can. Orange Laundrio is an open forum, and if you are sick and tired of hearing the same people every week on this show, as awesome as they are, you need to start calling in too.
And you can do that by listening to us Sunday nights live at 6 o'clock Pacific time, or you can leave us a voicemail at any time during the week.
We haven't had a lot of them lately, so we haven't had anything to play, but 1-877-GAME-OLR is the number if you ever want to leave a voicemail.
Here on Orange Laundrio, who's this?
Hey there. This is Let's Have Tea.
Hi. What's Up G? Is that it?
Let's Have Tea.
Let's Have Tea. I thought he said, What's Up G?
Word, yo!
Did I fuck up that name? My bad. I actually had a little tea earlier.
What's on your mind, Let's Have Tea?
I was actually wondering what your thoughts was on the XNA.
On XNA, the amateur development studio for Xbox. Anybody have a thought on this?
Right.
I talk too much on the show, so I'm deferring.
I have a thought that I really haven't cared too much about it.
But you're not really into the programming stuff. You just want to play the game, right?
Oh no, I like seeing the behind the scenes stuff. It's just I'm like, I guess maybe I'm too saturated right now.
Yeah, and maybe it's like for you-
But I go looking for behind the scenes stuff all the time. I just got done watching the behind the scenes of Silent Hill 3.
I think I would love to see XNA allowed.
I suppose I could pay the $99 and play some of the games that are going to come out from XNA.
But I would like to see something a little more easily accessible where I could play some of the products that XNA creates.
Because there's going to be a lot of independent games out there, and I really hope they start to see the light of day.
I know it's not going to happen right away, but maybe a little later on in the year and on into 2008,
we'll get to start to see some of the products.
I know a lick about video game programming. XNA does nothing for me.
But I'm excited at the prospect of it's going to make original games.
Because there's going to be independent developers, one man, two man, three man teams out there making their own games.
I want to see some of those on Xbox Live and see what original content is out there.
I mean, look at some of the games that have been developed for the web that are starting to get big now.
You have Flow, Line Rider, those types of things.
I think XNA could produce more stuff like that.
Oh yeah, definitely.
Are you an XNA user, Let's Have Team?
I'm on a few teams for 3D modeling and such.
That's hard stuff.
Excuse me?
I said that's hard stuff.
The 3D modeling is hard stuff.
That's alright. We're probably having a little bit of lag.
That happens because our internet is getting hammered here.
I guess I'll ask you one last question and hopefully you can make this out.
What would be your response to this question?
What do you hope XNA can accomplish in the next six months or a year?
I'm really looking forward to seeing more original content.
Because most game developers now are too afraid of making something new rather than just continuing with sequels and such.
So XNA will be able to have independent developers and small online teams be able to make something new and original.
Alright, well good luck. It sounds like you're doing some of that XNA stuff yourself.
So good luck to the things that you're modeling and all that.
Let us know if you work on any games that show up.
I think that's a good idea because it seems like, to be vulgar as I usually am,
that games are just turning into long series of porns with the same name.
You know, The Pressed Men 10.
Some original games would be nice.
Again, I'm not well versed in the PSP at all, but I actually gave it to my ex-boyfriend being very stupid and very broken.
I forgot to get him a game as well, but he didn't care because he was excited about everything that was homebrew.
I have to say, that is some amazing insight from a casual gamer that games are starting to sound like porn titles.
Because you're kind of right, and I've never thought about it that way before, but it's kind of true.
Cooking mama.
Let's poke mama's steak.
Alright, let's have tea.
Thanks so much for the call, okay buddy?
Of course.
Have a good one.
I can't believe I called him What's Up G.
That's what it sounded like. Am I the one that heard that?
I'm not the one that heard that.
I don't know.
I'm going to try another call here.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Can you hear me? This is Uni.
Yes, it's a little lagged, but I can kind of hear you. What's on your mind, Uni?
Oh, I was going to ask, how many people play Harvest Moon?
Me.
I played it once.
Who else in here? Anybody else play Harvest Moon?
Lesbians love sheep.
Anybody?
I don't know what that means, but I don't even want to know.
I like my plushie from Harvest Moon.
But you don't really play the games?
Not really.
Loki? No, he says no.
I used to just watch people play it, and I thought it was amusing.
You got one. Are you a Harvest Moon player?
Yes, I am. My sister and mom got me Harvest Moon, More Friends of Mineral Town for Christmas.
Seriously, that game is like crack.
My sister and I would play it just to say, who's going to marry who or something.
That's the priorities.
Try to sell me on this game for a minute, because I'm not a huge Harvest Moon person.
Why should I play Harvest Moon?
The first one I played, you are trying to save this town called Mineral Town.
Basically, you take three years to sell as many crops as you can, bring as much reputation to the town, which is Mineral Town.
Wait, I've got to play this game for three years?
No, the days last for about ten minutes, to be totally honest.
It's kind of like that with More Friends of Mineral Town, which you're basically playing as a female instead of a male.
You can actually marry somebody on that game.
You can actually marry men when you're on the women's version, and you can marry a woman on the men's version.
It's lame.
No gay marriage. Can you partner? Can you get a civil union?
No, I'm sorry.
We're used to it.
One more question for you, even though you're the one that called us.
What makes this game different from Animal Crossing?
Well, you don't have to go take the pink dresser from Cat Person's house to the dog person and then take a letter to the owl person.
You just grow shit and sell it, and then you feed your dog.
I don't remember getting the sheep in Harvest Moon to say, you cunt.
Am I right?
But you do have to comb your horse.
Yes, you do.
You have to comb it all the time, like every cow.
Do you get to tip the cows, though?
I don't think you can.
Do you tip your cows?
No.
I don't think they give you that option.
I know your name is really simple, but I love it.
I just saw a thing with a unicorn today, and I geeked out because I'm a girl.
If I remember right, isn't it based off of Yuna from Final Fantasy X?
Yes, that was my DDR nickname back when I was playing in Rhode Island.
At least your teacher didn't name you.
A lot of girls that are into games seem to really enjoy Yuna from Final Fantasy X.
She's like a role model for girls.
Her boobs aren't big enough.
I'm actually a lot like her in real life.
You mean she's normal?
Yeah, I know. Weird, huh?
Not that there's anything wrong with the big boobies.
There's nothing wrong with the big boobies at all.
Yeah, anyways, I should let you guys go.
Yeah, thanks.
Thank you for the advice.
We love you, Yuni.
All right, take care, Yuni.
Thanks for the call.
We appreciate it.
Bye.
Bye.
All right.
I am so pathetic.
We'll probably do one more call here on the show.
If you want to give us a call, it's 1-877-GAME-OLR,
or you can always call us on the old-fashioned Skype line or whatever you want to do.
What was Yuna from?
Final Fantasy X.
I've not played that game.
You should. It's a good game.
Well, I haven't been able to pick it up, so that's why.
It's like I saw a unicorn today.
I was like, unicorns, and I saw her name.
A unicorn?
That is so fucking pathetic.
Wow, you're interesting.
Oh, my God.
But I love you.
All right, let's do at least one more call here.
Hi, you're on Orange On The Radio.
Who's this?
It's Raven's Coffin.
Hi, Raven's Coffin.
What's on your mind, buddy?
I am the saddest attorney in the world.
I object to that.
Objection.
Overruled, motherfucker.
I am a legal secretary.
Well, thank you.
Oh.
All right, what is legally on your mind, dude?
Well, legally, I did get my hands on Phoenix Wright, Justice For All.
What'd you think?
I love it.
It is kind of like a continuation of the game, but hey, it's Phoenix Wright, and you also
pick it up.
It's great.
Tell me what I'm in for if I've never played Phoenix Wright before.
What can I expect from Phoenix Wright, either the first or second one?
All right, this one, Phoenix Wright's a text game, so you have to click a lot and read
a lot, and you have to find clues and contradictions in the game.
And if you don't find things, things get a little hairy.
If you mess up and show Judge the wrong kind of evidence, you will go, uh-uh, not true,
and he will go bang, and you'll look stupid.
What do you think draws, because this is a very cult type of game.
Why do you think so many people are drawn to this as like a cult game?
Because the story is so insane, and it's like law and order.
If you've never played something like this, the story is so driven, it's a very story-driven
game, and you want to see how the story is progressing, and you know, like the Edgeworth
trial, I'm not going to give away anything.
All I'm saying is holy shit, holy shit.
So it's got a good story like Law and Order, like an episode of Law and Order.
What about the girl with the whip?
Yeah.
What about the girl with the whip?
Oh my God.
Doesn't she make you miss things?
I like that girl.
I saw art stuff of her, and she was fucking hot.
Was that on like DeviantArt?
No.
Oh.
No, you do not go there for concept art.
You go there for porn, Rob.
Oh, what's the difference between a lawyer and a catfish?
What?
One's a scum-sucking bottom-feeder, and the other's a fish.
Very nice, very nice.
One quick thing, Rob.
Yeah, what else?
All games are interactive, so I love to them.
I was defending the Wii, and, well, I failed.
How did you fail?
I haven't heard this.
I love all games, but they almost produce too much show that I can't stay on top of
it a lot, so you have to kind of tell me.
What were they saying real quick?
All right.
It was a courtroom battle against the PlayStation 3, the Wii, and the Xbox 360.
Of course, the 360 is fun because you've got a bunch of hardcore gamers in there.
I love everyone.
They're saying that, you know, if you put up a bunch of hardcore gamers, they're going
to pay for 360 because it's the best, and that's all I have to say.
I defend the Wii, and they ask me why does the graphics suck, and I go, they don't suck.
It's because it's based off of GameCube architecture.
Then I defended and said the GameCube architecture is actually pretty strong.
Just look at Resident Evil 4.
I know.
It's not like the graphics are bad.
It's gameplay versus graphics, and that's not to say that the Xbox has crappy gameplay.
It's just that the Wii does something a little different.
They're different.
It's so hard to compare the two, but I don't know.
That's just my thought because I love them both.
I'm totally a Wii 60 person.
I totally am.
That's me.
I'm not sold on Sony.
I'm not sold on Sony yet.
At least this generation.
Last generation, I was told.
Okay.
All right.
Okay.
That's it.
Yeah.
We better go.
Take care of Raven's Dolphin, though.
Have a nice one, and we appreciate you calling.
Okay.
You too.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
Well, I know a lot of people have been trying to get through tonight, and I apologize.
We're not going to be able to take everyone's calls.
We've run a little long in both segments, if you can't tell, so we've got to wrap it
up.
Any last minute stories here in studio?
Yes, actually.
Okay.
What's up?
Just for anyone who is a fan of Darwinia, Plink, or DEFCON, introversion is actually
stating that they're planning on putting out console games.
They haven't really said much yet, but there is a little bit of speculation that Subversion
might be heading that way, which is a game they're currently developing.
All right.
Anyways, there's a rumor going on saying that the next channel possibly for the Wii would
be the Nintendo Power Channel.
I heard about this.
That's interesting.
I don't know.
I wouldn't buy Nintendo Power, so I guess this would be the only way I'd see it.
Anywho...
It better have Howard and Esther.
There's also another rumor saying that a PS3 will be released to compete with the Xbox
360 Core unit.
It too will not feature a hard drive as well, and possibly lower the price down to $250.
I guess that's kind of cool, because, I mean, you can probably find a laptop hard drive
for pretty cheap, but whatever.
Also, Final Furlong is coming to the Wii.
For those who may not know Final Furlong, Final Furlong is a horse racing game that
was in the arcade, and when you play it, it makes it look like you're fucking a horse.
That game was great.
Hence, we used to call it the horse sex game, so in this, I guess it would be...
Hunt the horse.
You know, it's bringing the horse sex home.
So does this say the cowboy ride a horse?
Also in another Grand Theft Auto negative story, apparently Richard O. Jones, a writer
for Black Voice News, wrote concerns about racial stereotypes in video games.
One such video game he's kind of mad at is Grand Theft Auto San Andreas, in which Jones
relates to the player who assumes the lead character of Carl Johnson, a down-on-his-luck
black criminal who roams the city streets stealing cars and helping gang members knock
off rivals in drive-by shootings.
Okay, but apparently he didn't play the other games where he played other ethnicities doing
the same damn thing.
We all hate equally.
Besides...
Yeah, I hate nose-no-color boundaries.
Everybody hates.
That should be the next Wii channel.
Not everybody votes, everybody poops, everybody hates.
Just a big bitch board.
What do you hate right now?
I hate OLR.
What do you hate more than anything at this very moment, Rob?
This show.
Chris?
I'm just kidding.
I love this show.
I want to see a Wii webcam channel where you can go visit other people's webcams.
The Wii Porn Channel.
For people who have Wiis.
Wii Wiis.
PornTube!
Yeah, that's what I hate more than anything right now is the fact that Pornotube upgraded
their flash player so I can no longer use it on my Wii.
Sad, huh?
Anything else from anyone?
I guess that's it.
We're going to go around and get everybody's final thoughts if we can.
First off, before we wrap up the show, thank you guys so much for downloading and tuning
into and supporting Independent Podcast Radio.
You guys are awesome and we do this show for you guys, the loyal ones who listen to us.
All we ask, if you like the show, you'll notice no ads on our site.
Live 365 ads, we can't control that because they pay the royalty fees so that's a small
concession but it's the site itself.
No ads.
Podcast itself.
No ads as it stands right now and no plans in the foreseeable future, although someday
we may have to make money.
We do this show at the fitness of our hearts.
All we ask, tell one person about Orange Launch Radio.
Even if it's your least favorite person in the world, tell them about Orange Launch Radio
so that maybe they'll check it out because that's the only way we can promote because
we don't have the marketing muscle of magazines and television channels and all that stuff.
All we have is us and you guys, the O.L. Army, even Marisa Zech.
Tell somebody about Orange Launch Radio and that's all we ask.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Chris.
We're already doing that.
Thank you so much for being here tonight.
Appreciate it.
What's your final thought?
My final thought is actually a plea out to all your listeners and the chatters and you
guys.
Please.
I know.
I know.
Everyone gets tired of me talking about Megzi, but she is so stressed right now.
School full time.
She's going to work.
They're cracking down on her for crap and she's dealing with Asa and dealing with that
kind of stuff.
She is so stressed.
Can you guys send her some good thoughts or some comments on MySpace or something?
You can go to Jamie's MySpace and find her.
Although, to be perfectly honest, I would give anything to trade situations with her
right now.
Yeah, but at the same time, she's stressed and it's like she's not having a happy time
right now.
If she could, she'd drop everything that she's doing and come out here to be less stressed,
but she's not.
She's sticking through school, which was a really hard decision for her and stuff.
So if people can send out some good thoughts towards her, go to her MySpace or something,
give her a comment or something and make her happy just to ease some of it because I think
she needs it because I love her and she needs happy.
Gaming Nerd says, God, why don't we all trade MySpaces so we can stalk one another?
Orange Lawns Radio has a MySpace and you can add us.
It's MySpace.com slash Orange Lawns Radio.
We're not hard to find.
But if you suck, I'm not adding you.
All right.
Thank you and of course, you know I love Megzi.
Speaking of you suck.
Congratulations on your first full OLR episode.
You know what?
Based on your comments you've been making, you're much more of a gamer than you lead
on.
You follow this stuff more than you'd admit.
You know more about gaming than I think you want to admit, but thanks for coming and for
your insight.
What's your final thought?
Oh, yay.
This is so much fun.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you so much for putting up with my ass.
And my last... Oh, yay, hugs to Megzi.
My final thought would be people add me on MySpace.
I hate MySpace.
I do.
To be perfectly honest with those that don't like it, but it's unfortunately a necessary
evil.
It is.
It really is.
I say the same thing.
It's where the internet goes to die.
It's true.
I don't have a 4chan.
But you get accepted in that too.
It's like cake or death, 4chan on MySpace.
My final thought is yay.
Thank you to everybody, especially fans.
Even if you're just fans for my boobies, that's fine too.
It's radio though, so it's hard.
They are really big.
If you like me or if you want to see my boobies, well, not naked, myspace.com slash M-A-R-I-S-S-A
M-E-I-Z-E-L or if you don't like MySpace and it's MySpace bad just like sunlight, M-A-R-I-S-S-A
C-O-N-G-U-S-T-O at gmail.com.
Email me.
Whatever.
Cool.
Thank you.
No problem.
We'll have to play some folk rock on a later episode of Orange Lounge.
Oh, I get so many good friends.
Give the listeners some culture.
I've played James Hurley on my show before.
James Hurley is awesome.
He is.
And James Lee Stanley is my favorite.
He has the best sideburns ever.
He does.
He has pointy sideburns.
You need to play Marissa's song on the next pop up of the volume.
If Marissa would give me some.
Oh, yay.
And just to promote a friend, James Lee Stanley is an awesome musician who put a picture of
me in a Jessica Rabbit outfit on his album.
She's got that on her MySpace too.
Anyway, I'm sorry.
Thank you guys so much.
It was a blast.
No problem.
Thank you for coming.
Ease up on the guitar hero hate.
All right.
Loki, your final thought.
I got to play more Crackdown.
Two of the three gangs done.
One last one left.
The Asians are always the hardest to kill.
I don't even know how to take that comment or what kind of hate mail we're going to get
from that.
Rice Princess, do you have a final thought?
I like British guys.
The British guy is cute, but he's kind of young for me because I'm an old lady with
a crutch.
I mean, a crutch.
A cane.
A crutch.
I'm an old lady with a crutch.
Yeah, but you're still cute and you have a great voice, so bye.
So cute.
I guess I'll go next, so we'll save the best for last, won't we, DarkSaga?
As always, huh?
My final thought is Kirby.
Kirby is my final thought.
DarkSaga.
If Meg Z is listening by any chance, you fully have my sympathy because I am right now working
full time, going to school 12 hours a week.
Actually this week I'm taking two extra classes and have to do 10 documented massages by the
end of the year.
I'm sorry, by the end of March.
And then have to take more classes and then find a way to quit my job.
So I totally feel your pain.
I am suffering with you.
Meg Z!
Okay, bye.
All right.
That concludes another fabulous episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you guys so much for supporting independent radio and next week we'll talk about video
games at some point.
We promise.
See you guys later.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast programs, visit our website at www.orangewoundradio.com.
See you next week.
