Tonight, April 8, 2007, details leak on the next Xbox Dashboard update, a new Wii game will make use of the forecast channel, and will Harmonix's new rock band change music games as we know it?
Hello everybody out there and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast dedicated to video games and gamer culture and what you, the gamer, really want to know.
My name is Rob Roberts.
Joining me as always, say hello to DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
I like frappuccinos.
And I like the new, what is it, Cinnamon Dulce one?
Dulce.
Dulce, whatever.
I actually ordered one and the chick said back to me Dulce, so I thought that's how you pronounced it.
And I thought that was wrong.
I thought it was Dulce.
That's like...
Versace.
I guess so.
That's probably true.
Nice reference to my favorite movie ever.
Love it.
I thought you would appreciate that.
Joining us as well, the official showgirl of Orange Launch Radio, Loki.
I'm just kidding.
I don't know.
I had to work into showgirl's segue somehow.
I don't know if I should respond to that since I'm not a showgirl.
Well, then showboy.
Okay.
All right.
Say hello to a special guest tonight who might very well be a showgirl.
I'm not sure.
Are you going to get topless for us tonight?
Maybe.
All right.
Say hello to Amanda.
Hi.
How are you?
I'm good.
How are you?
Good.
I think you've been on the show before, but not in a long, long time, right?
Very little brief snippets.
Don't forget you've got to almost practically give head to that microphone to be picked up on it.
All right.
Very good.
Very good.
So you probably haven't been here since we've been podcasting and all that stuff, like on iPods and stuff, right?
Have you?
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
I've been out there.
Oh, but you've always been out here, you've never been in studio.
Like, briefly.
Okay, well why don't you introduce yourself to the listeners.
What type of video games do you like?
Um, I like the Wii.
You like the Wii?
Wii!
I like puzzle games.
That's pretty much my thing, and then, you know, cutesy stuff.
What have you been playing on your Wii lately?
Uh, WarioWare.
WarioWare?
Yeah.
It's a fun game.
And then, like, a bunch of virtual console stuff, like playing Sonic and stuff.
What would you say is your favorite video game of all time?
I don't know.
Like the Bubble Bobble or the thing where you shoot the little marbles.
Bubble Bobble.
You're barely getting picked up, sweetie.
Sorry.
That's all right.
Bubble Bobble.
Bubble Bobble, yes.
All right.
Sounds good.
Puzzle Bobble.
Puzzle Bobble, Bubble Bobble, whatever name they decide.
Bust a Move.
Bust a Move, whatever name they decide to do it.
All right.
I also like Bar Games.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Alright, sounds like fun.
Well, welcome to the show.
Thank you.
You're in our chat room.
Omega Touch, thank you.
Who said that in chat?
That was... Dark Tetsuya.
Yeah.
Good man, Dark Tetsuya.
I'm sorry, I thought it said D-Teaser.
I'm like, what's the D that you're teasing?
Alright, if you do want to join our chat, if you're listening live on this Sunday night, chat.orangeloungeradio.com and Amanda's in chat as Mandarin tonight.
She'll be reading there and commenting on stories as she seems appropriate, as she deems appropriate.
Okay.
Alright.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Like, loudly, because, um, I don't know the machine's a bastard.
I would get to the zone and then lose my ball, like, as soon as I got in the zone.
Rob's got tea.
Sorry, I stepped out for a minute.
We can do that in radio.
What, I heard, you heard, you lost your balls over the week?
No, no, I keep them in a little brown bag.
I see.
No, um.
I was getting mad at Twilight Zone because I got a really good score up on there.
Got in the zone, you know.
Oh, those balls.
You know, don't touch the door thing.
I'd get in the zone and then drain.
So your gaming week was basically having to get your balls into the zone.
And Deadpool.
Alright.
I've actually been reading a whole lot of comics too.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I played lots of Earth Defense Force 2017.
God, this is going to become the new Grand Theft Auto Vice City Stories or Liberty City Story, the fucking game you talk about every single week on this program during your gaming week.
Because it's fun and stupid.
I mean, let's put it this way.
There's a lot of physics that don't apply in the game.
I mean, you can fly up like 70 stories in the air, jump out of a helicopter and land on the ground fine.
You know, like nothing happened.
Helicopter will land down there and do it again.
Um...
So I've been just basically playing that on lunch and stuff, and actually this week I've been playing more of it, and almost finished with, like, Easy on it.
Does it have multiplayer so you guys can slack off at work?
You can do two-player co-op.
Oh, there you go.
And it's a lot of fun.
Really, the fun of the game comes down to unlocking all the different weapons in it, because there's a lot of them.
And, I mean, right now I've played through almost the whole thing on Easy, and a few of the harder difficulty levels...
and really only have, I don't even have half the weapons yet, so you can actually get one weapon, it's called the Genocide Gun that does a million damage to an area of like 72 meters or whatever, and it's just you really have to watch out launching that thing, because you can kill yourself very easy, but I can't wait to get that.
Unfortunately, you have to beat the game on Inferno, which is fucking impossible.
Other than that, I was playing, I tried a little bit of
What was it?
Honeycomb Beat.
Yeah.
And that was okay.
I'm not very interested in it, though.
Not my thing.
Is that why you gave me your copy?
Yes.
Sweet!
I got free games from Loki today.
Yay!
And then... Now I just have to find my DS.
I seriously cannot find my DS.
I played Crackdown a bit.
That was kind of fun.
I played another game, which I can't talk about, though, right now.
I don't want you to get sued.
Either way, though, it's...
Neat, I guess.
And the leaderboards for it, though, I was almost in the top 100 out of like 3,000 people.
You should come over to our house and play Crackdown with Dan and Will because they start doing the commentary.
I like jumping.
My name is Bob and I like to jump.
That's the whole theme of Crackdown, by the way, is to jump everywhere you go.
Wow.
Jump a lot.
I had fun tossing cars onto bridges, like the top of bridges and stuff.
That part was fun.
and then, I don't know, just pure killing people.
I like the jumping.
And Grand Theft Auto, Vice City Stories.
I've also been playing that and that's a lot of fun.
Looking at some comments from chat room, DJ Morpheus says, Earth Defense Force is the greatest piece of cheese ever made.
Jeremy Todd 1 says, Hopefully Loki won't start having Earth Defense death matches with his co-workers.
They do have like a versus mode in that and I don't know how well that would be.
Ion671 says, It is no longer Earth Defense, it is Loki Defense.
and JeremyTel1 wonders, Loki, how many giant ants do you think you've killed total?
Too many.
Alright, there you go.
My gaming week, I played a game called, what was it?
Tidepool Explorer because I went to the Monterey Aquarium because William took me to Monterey this weekend and he surprised me with a nice little weekend thing.
So we went to Monterey and you know, it got me thinking like, they got all these cool little educational things for kids and it kind of got me thinking about the educational games that we had
Like, you know, where in the world is Carmen Sandiego?
Like, remember that?
Rocky's Boots and what were the other MECC games?
Oregon Trail, I guess.
Number Munchers.
Number Munchers, hell yeah.
Like, oh, I'm going to write this whole nostalgia article for the community all-game site.
Turtle.
Turtle?
Oh, or what was that?
What was the language?
Logo?
Was that the language they made us all learn in, like, third grade?
We had the turtle?
Yeah.
Like, drop pen, 30 north or something.
Like, I remember it was this lame programming language you had to learn.
So yeah, this Tidepool Explorer was a little game where you walked, but it was like you had two screens.
Like they had four people playing it at once, and you had this big screen in the middle, and then you had a little screen right in front of you, like an old... A picture, what are those, what do they call them?
Tabletop, like Ms.
Pac-Man?
What do they call those games back in the day when they had the... Is it just tabletop?
Cocktail.
Cocktail.
It was like a cocktail machine.
And yeah, and then the big screen had you walking around the Tidepools, and on your own screen you could touch the buttons that say...
Pick up, you know, so you could, like, pick up the shell, or you could, you know, throw away, like, if you found a trash can, you could throw it away.
Or you could take a picture of an animal you're not supposed to, like, you know, it's supposed to teach kids about what's okay to move away from tide pools and what you can't.
So it's just kind of neat.
It's all stingray.
We'll stab you through the heart.
Crikey.
But yeah, William commented, I know he was like, oh, that looks like a DS game.
And it kind of was.
So I'm just like, wow, these kids have really cool little educational things.
Usually when I see educational games, I try to figure out how to break them.
And then we saw Penguins, and that made me very happy.
Not a video game, like actual live Penguins.
That made me very happy.
That's why we went to the aquarium in the first place.
We need to get you your own copy of Portable Pango.
Oh, I love Pango.
That's one of my favorite games.
Pingu was a Sega game, wasn't it?
I took it in my room.
Wasn't Pingu a Sega game?
Maybe it was.
I think it was.
Now I've got to find out.
Alright, anywho.
Let's see, what else?
Oh, but so actual games I really did play, Guitar Hero 2 on Xbox 360.
Hello.
Pango is by Sega.
Thank you.
Was that from Wikipedia or from chat?
No, it was from Google.
All right, sweet.
Guitar Hero 2, I passed on Guitar Hero 2 on the PlayStation 2 because I knew, like, they made the dumb announcement of saying it was going to come out on 360 later on.
So I knew to wait and not buy it on PlayStation 2.
So it's been a long time since I played Guitar Hero because the first one kind of wore off for me.
And I'm really liking Guitar Hero 2.
It's fun.
Song list for me is not wowing me as much as the first one did.
I don't know.
I'm more into, like, the contemporary songs.
And there's some really, like, obscure classics in this game.
But, you know, it's cool.
I mean, because they, like, they freaking have Sweet Child of Mine.
I mean, come on.
Like, how awesome is that to have in Guitar Hero?
Does it have the commercial, like, animation thing in the beginning of the game?
It does have a animation thing in the beginning.
I don't know if it's the same as commercial.
Where they're, like...
Guitar Hero 2 is fun.
Graphics, obviously, a step up from the PlayStation 2 because it supports widescreen.
It's not going to wow you, but then again, Guitar Hero was not ever about amazing graphics.
The controller itself works pretty good.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DDR Online Co-op
guitar is about hearing the music as you're playing it so you wouldn't be able to really I mean that would be the lagged part whereas DDR you know the way DDR gets away with it is it kind of shows you the steps with or that shows you the ratings with a little bit of lag but it doesn't matter because you're not really focusing on that you're playing your own game so I think they could do it they just would have to get creative with how the music track plays you know what I mean
Like, they obviously have the way it's supposed to sound and the little fuck-up notes when you screw up.
It goes, you know, those little things.
Well, didn't they have, like, Amplitude online where you could do co-op with Amplitude and stuff like that?
I'm almost positive they did.
Yeah, of course.
Yeah, yeah.
They had Amplitude.
So I'm pretty sure it can be done.
I don't know.
Devil Kai in chat says, Hey, Sky, I hear Guitar Hero 2 for 360 has some pretty awkward compared to the PS2 version.
Lag, stiffer pick on the guitar, etc.
This is coming from a brother who just got it, by the way.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It's good times.
It's kind of expensive, though.
If you already own the PlayStation 2 version, you might want to question, you know, how important is it to you to have it on Next Gen, because I don't know if, I mean, granted, there's a couple new songs, some slightly prettier graphics, and the whole online leaderboards.
You have to ask yourself if achievement points mean that much to you.
Oh, speaking of achievement points, real quick, there's some really screwy ones in there.
Like, you fail a song on Easy and get 10 points.
You play a left-handed song and get 10 points.
You beat tutorial and get 10 points.
It seems like some of the scores are misweighted.
Like, I think if you fail a song on easy, it should be one of those ghost achievements.
Like, kind of like the manhole achievement in Ninja Turtles, where it's just on your record, but it's zero gamer score.
Or Dead or Alive has one, too.
I think if you, like, lose ten battles in a row, that goes on your gamer card, but you don't get any gamer points for it.
And that game score should have been allocated to some of the other, you know, beat a song, perfect.
Because you only get ten points for getting a perfect 100% on a song, I think.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
We went up playing Doctor and Nurse.
Oh, you mean video games.
Video games, sweetie.
Video games.
Tom beat Zelda, finally.
I watched him beat it, sort of.
I was in and out of the room.
Is that Zelda Twilight Princess?
Yes.
Sweet.
Other than that, we're probably going to pick up Paper Mario tomorrow at some point.
Heck yeah, I want that too.
That's pretty much about it right now since we've just been busy with other things.
Like fucking?
Like fixing my bike, my motorcycle.
Fixing your bike?
Yes.
Do you ride a bike to work?
No, not yet.
Are you going to ride a bike to work?
Once I get my license.
Have you ever seen that bike video game they have?
It's something we saw at E3 a couple years ago.
It's a little exercise bike, but it's a game.
It's on the screen.
But the graphics were kind of horrible, if I remember right.
It looked like... God, what was that Sega Master System game?
I think it came with every Sega system that was like a motorcycle game.
I can't remember.
Huh?
Hang-On?
Yes, it was Hang-On.
It looked like Hang-On to me.
All right.
DarkShy in chat says, Dr. Mario and Peach live.
Is that what your house is like, Amanda?
Dr. Mario and Peach live?
No.
No.
All right.
All right.
Well, thank you for sharing your gaming weeks with us.
I'm looking at chat.
Some of them are sharing their gaming weeks as well.
Chat.OrangeLaunchRadio.com.
Also talking about the achievements, Blaze says, I think games shouldn't be allowed to have more than like 30 achievements.
Microsoft does regulate it to some extent.
Can't you not have more than 50 achievements or something like that?
I think 50 is the max, and they raised it up to 50.
Did they?
Hmm, interesting.
Let's see, JeremyTodd1 says, I think they should have negative achievements where it takes away achievement points for sucking too much.
DarkSakura was unable to do Pump Up the Volume this week because Comcast went down, right?
Yes, it did.
Actually, I thought I had to replace my modem, but it turned out that it was just a temporary.
All right, so Tuesday nights, you can listen to DarkSakura, take your requests, 7 p.m.
or 7.30?
7.30.
7.30 p.m.
Pacific, right here on OrangeLaunchRadio.com.
Wednesday nights, guys on the show, 7 o'clock Pacific time.
Thursday nights, STFU, also at 7 o'clock Pacific time.
Is there still a club, OLR?
There is.
In theory.
There is.
I put new episodes up there, or reruns.
Club OLR's been getting low ratings, so we're thinking of moving it and putting something else on Friday nights.
But if you want to save Club OLR, Friday nights at 7 o'clock.
Might be one of the first Orange Launch Radio shows to get canned due to low ratings.
We'll see.
It wouldn't be the first.
No, that's right.
Your other shows have all been canned due to low ratings.
No, what about your shows?
That's right.
Oh, that's true.
One of my shows did.
No, we don't usually cancel shows due to low ratings.
That's just the excuse.
Or Extroverse Case of the Mondays.
I mean, it's internet radio, people.
We have low ratings anyway.
We don't care.
But, you know, we always use that as an excuse.
It's an excuse.
The thing is, is it takes a long time to create that damn show, and wife doesn't like that.
And it's awesome, because you mix all this music together.
It's awesome.
And unfortunately, you can't podcast it.
Yeah, I was working on stuff.
I've got like a... I was actually doing a happy hardcore one, but I...
Listen to that little bastard Travis Donovan on Saturday nights at 7 Pacific.
XBOX 360 XBOX 360
Oh, no.
Maybe Major Nelson was going to talk about it on his show tonight, and that was going to be it, and then GameSpot would... Oh, wait, no.
I think actually he's off because of Easter.
I've been following him on Twitter.
I have a Twitter account now, so I could be like Major Nelson and GamerAndy, because I want to be cool like them.
So I have a Twitter account, so I've been following Major Nelson.
I heard that's supposed to be the next YouTube or something.
It's kind of a stalker site, which kind of worries me, so I don't post about things as I'm doing them.
I post about things after the fact.
You know what I mean?
Like, I just, you know...
It's basically, it's this really cheesy thing.
It asks, what are you doing right now?
And you're supposed to type in what you're doing right now.
And for instance, I think the last thing I put is I'm listening to the new Bjork song while I'm trying to produce the show role for tonight.
Something like that.
You're supposed to use 140 characters or less.
But the trick is, you can also use your cell phone to update or IM to update.
So it's kind of interesting.
It's like a live journal, but they restrict you to only like 150 characters.
So it forces you to be quick.
I don't know.
It's weird.
Lame.
But Major Nelson's been a huge backer of it, and I've been following him on there.
And then Gamer Andy sent me an invite.
He's like, you should join this.
I'm like, okay.
What are you doing right now?
I'm updating my Twitter account.
What are you doing right now?
I'm updating my Twitter account.
All right.
It's Twitter.com slash Sky, S-K-I-E, if you want to have me.
Anyway, how did we get on that?
The Spring Dashboard Update.
Do you think GameSpot will get a cease and desist over this?
No.
Because I bet you anything this is totally planned.
Fucking corporate.
I mean... They pay good money to leak the stories.
I mean, I say this... Listen, okay, a corporate website does not leak stories, okay?
It's not a leak.
It's a fucking planned PR thing that's disguised as a leak.
Uh... Because there's... No.
No.
I'm sorry.
You know, it's just, I don't know.
Again, I want to say you corporate fuckers, even though, you know, GameSpot's okay and all, but, you know, it's just, oh, it just irritates me.
It's not a leak.
But anyways, it's still news.
Yeah, it's still news.
So the update is supposed to come May 7th, and Windows Live Messenger is going to be incorporated.
Some of you know this is MSN Messenger.
So it's going to be incorporated into the Xbox 360.
So if you have people who aren't on Xbox Live, you can still communicate to them through MSN Messenger.
So they're trying to really
I'm talking to you.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Um, users are now getting inline achievement updates.
Supposedly, um, you're going to be able to see how many points the achievement was, what the achievement is.
It's like, you know how right now it says, achievement unlocked.
Do-do!
A little sound comes up, right?
You can actually now know what it is you're getting.
Because a lot of times we go, what the hell achievement did I just get?
Especially when we did something stupid like, what did she, I fell in a manhole five times, why did that unlock an achievement?
You know, so that's that.
Low power download mode and auto shutdown for those long movie downloads.
You can also watch partially downloaded movies now.
You don't have to wait for the whole thing to download.
And again, that messenger will work with up to six friends at once and other little tweaks on the user interface.
So that is the big spring dashboard update.
Information leaked to the internet.
Sounds kind of fun.
I like the whole, I wish I knew people that actually used MSN Messenger.
I might get used to that functionality, but as it is, everybody owns AIM.
You use it, Mandarin?
Every once in a while.
I mean, I have a few contacts that are primarily on there, and I just kind of keep it open with Trillion, but don't use too many people on there.
Would you want to talk to me on Xbox while I'm playing Halo?
Would you like to send me messages like, you suck at Halo, Rob.
You suck at Halo, Rob.
No one needs to actually tell you that.
Don't you already know?
Sadly, yes, I do know.
I really know.
It's not a fucking joke, people.
I really suck at Halo.
Like, really bad.
But yeah.
Supposedly, though, in MSN Messenger, you're going to be able to see that I'm playing Halo.
Like, it's going to tell you what game I'm playing so you can stalk me more.
Don't you want to stalk me, Mandarin?
She's giving me a funny look.
Anyway, there you go.
Spring dashboard update.
Awesome.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Not too much as far as video is concerned.
However, audio, though, if you want some really cool audio, you're not going to be able to use Dolby True HD and DTS HD Master Audio streams.
Not really a problem, I think, for most people.
Most people probably use the HDMI for the video and then digital out for audio.
Really, it's not that big a difference.
But, if you really want to get down to it, that's a problem for some people, I guess.
But,
Anyways, other differences include they actually have this new audio lip sync technology.
I don't really know where that would come to play with games.
Better transfer speeds, and of course if you were outputting above 1080p, which you're not going to be doing right now, at least not anytime soon.
Audio lip sync technology, would that be like, you know how like in Kingdom Hearts, because they didn't bother to re-sync the lips?
from the Japanese version.
The lips are all off sync with the English words.
Like, is that maybe what they're talking about?
Like, maybe you can sync that better?
Maybe.
But yeah, it's basically just audio is really the issue right now.
I don't know.
I don't really think that's a big deal.
I mean, like, optical is awesome.
I mean, unless you really are spending the big money for, you know, your system or something.
I really think that'd be a huge deal.
But then again, you watch it next week.
There will be a press release from Sony saying, well, we support true HD audio.
We're the fucking next generation.
You guys are not.
I mean, I can't wait to see the press release because I know it's going to happen.
Sony is more HD than your mom.
There's the press release right there.
Um, yeah.
So, guess what?
There's some sad news.
Sniff.
Apparently, um, our friends at, uh, Rooster Teeth, which, as far as I understand, was supposed to originally be called Cockbite.
Rooster Teeth.
That's what we should have called the podcast, Cockbite.
Um, they are, um, stopping at, uh,
Episode 100 for Red vs. Blue.
They posted it on their... You're quitting?
On their forum.
But you want to know what?
What?
I call it bullshit, because it was posted on April 1st.
Ah!
But that news has been making rounds around the internet this week, huh?
It has, and I don't see... I'm looking through the whole thing, and I don't see any type of disclaimer.
Hmm.
I would bet anything... But I still call it bullshit.
They're just going to...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
But think about this, guys.
In iTunes, seriously, if you look up video game podcasts, which would you download first?
The podcast called Orange Lounge Radio or the podcast called Cockbite?
Cockbite Radio.
I don't know.
It's tempting.
After five years, we might have to change our name.
We should just call our show The Naked Lesbian Boobs.
Rock Music and Drug Show or something.
Call it Games, Games, Games, Games, Games.
I think there already is a show called Games, Games, Games.
There's so many.
I remember when we started podcasting, like there were like maybe like five video game shows in all.
We should call it Look Boobies.
There were like five video games.
Mandra, did you just show your boobs in studio?
There were like maybe five video game podcasts in all, and now there's like 500.
Stomach.
All right.
She flashed her abdomen at you.
Alright, anyway.
Anyway.
Anyway, going on to the Marketplace.
Why isn't there more Red vs. Blue downloadable in the Marketplace?
I thought they were going to do all these viral videos and things.
They have this whole section in Marketplace for viral videos.
But I can't get Lonely Girl.
I can't get Alanis is My Humps.
I can't get any of that YouTube stuff on Marketplace.
They must have the same team in charge of the backwards compatibility updates
The demo should be like end of April, right?
Ish?
Early May?
Maybe?
Coming in April.
I've been hearing that their official release has been the 15th, so, you know, mid-April.
Well, probably, I'd say late April.
Because I was just thinking, I can't think of any racing games on the Xbox 360, so I'm really excited to hear we're getting... Project Gotham Racing 3... That's a joke.
That's a joke, because there's like 50...
If you want a demo of fucking Forza Motorsports 2, just play Project Gotham Racing 3.
More or less.
Alright.
MotoGP.
Anyways, so, as we mentioned earlier, Red Octane, and actually they have admitted to it now, but apparently there's been some issues with the whammy bars on some of the Guitar Hero 2 controllers.
Now, I personally haven't experienced this yet since my game is still in the shrink wrap, but
I have picked up the guitar and the weighing bar feels a little cheap.
Anywho, so apparently the ones affected by it, there's two SKUs actually that are defective.
The first one is, let's see here.
I believe it's like a 95055, and then the other one is 95065.
And apparently you can see... Wait, sorry, sorry.
I just came back in the room and I have my Explorer controller.
What'd you say now?
What am I looking for?
95055 or 95065.
Fuck!
I have a 95065.
God damn you, Loki.
You told me this broke-as-fuck Xbox 360 Explorer controller.
I'm gonna smash this like a real guitar.
Pshh.
I'm just going to take mine apart.
Take it back.
Because you know what I want to do?
I want to get mad props on the internet, and I want to make a distortion pedal, since it can't be that hard to figure out how the fuck that distortion pedal works, since it's just a damn Ethernet cord there.
Anyways, so yeah, that's what's up.
Apparently, they want you to return your guitar and get a new one that's not one of those two models.
They didn't really say what's defective, but if it's giving you crap, that's what you need to do.
If you bought it from Red Octane, you can contact them, the GIMRMA, or if you purchase it elsewhere, you may need to go bitch them out.
Either way, it's stupid.
Don't they test this stuff?
I mean, shouldn't they test these batches?
If there's four different types of guitars made, obviously there were some issues or something.
Why revise the product?
It's the whammy bar.
I read somewhere else it's the whammy bar.
And when I'm playing the game, it feels like the whammy bar doesn't register like it should.
Like I noticed it.
It doesn't work the same as the PlayStation 2 one.
I could tell.
Like it works.
It's not completely broken.
But it doesn't do the wah-wah-wah very easily.
Like, it's either on or it's off.
Like, that's kind of what seems to be wrong with the whammy bar to me.
So, yeah.
Thank you for selling me a bum Xbox 360 guitar.
Hey, it's not my fault.
It's all the launch ones, I think, are like that.
But why the... This is what I'm saying, though.
Why have four different guitar revisions on some product?
I mean, why revise the design four times?
I mean, seriously, what's the big deal?
Unless these are coming from four different production factories or something like that.
One in China, one in Malaysia, one in Hong Kong.
And two of those are fucked up or something.
I don't believe that two would be broken in the exact same way, but I don't know.
Yes, iKun is wondering in our chat room, why are there four different guitars anyway?
Kyle Snyder says, why can't these companies actually tell the whole truth to the public for once?
How about test your product and if it's defective, don't send out hundreds of thousands of them.
SSJ100Matt says, smash it, videotape it, and throw it on the OLR YouTube.
Maybe.
Maybe once I'm done.
I'll tell you this.
If I can unlock all 1,000 achievement points or as many as I'm going to get on Guitar Hero, then I'll smash my controller and put it on YouTube.
There's going to be tons of download content, though.
We'll see.
Speaking of which, when is some new DDR content coming up?
Because there's just a one song pack.
Don't hold your breath.
RedOctane
GS68 says convert your guitar to a machine gun.
I'm gonna have it implanted on my leg like Rose McGowan.
Dude, that's hot.
Alright, what's also hot is hell in our FUs of the week.
DarkSakura.
My FU of the week goes to the line at Marie Callender's this morning when I was standing in it.
You stood between me and my ex-Benedict bitches.
Loki, your FU of the week.
Um, FU of the week goes to the movie Premonition, because I knew it sucked, but yet I went to see it because, you know, the wife wanted to see it.
Now, that movie is so horrible.
I hate Sandra Bullock so much, but I gotta admit, I laughed my ass off at the very end of the movie.
The way the character dies at the end is so, like, stupid.
Oh, man, I just couldn't stop laughing.
I was going to be in the theater.
Thanks for the spoilers, by the way.
Who cares?
Don't see it.
It's a horrible movie.
My FU of the week goes to the movie Babel.
Babel?
Babel?
Babel?
Babel.
Babel.
Although I actually really like the movie.
That was way too many pussy shots for one movie.
And it was the same pussy every time.
Like, I know that girl's vagina inside and out.
In glorious HD high-definition DVD, thanks to my player in Netflix.
Wow!
All right, Mandarin, do you have any FUs of the week?
Yes, I'd like to say FU to the tweeters who stole our motorcycle now that we, you know, started fixing it.
Because, you know, we have to go out and essentially get new bearings, because you ripped the pegs off of that actual motorcycle bike properly.
So, screw you.
Don't steal shit, people!
Probably the same fuckers who broke into my car like 50 times.
All right.
Well, back to some gaming news, huh?
Maybe, if I feel like it.
F you to DarkSakura for being a bitch.
Hey, you know what?
People love my bitchiness.
Anyway, Marvel Ultimate Alliance has eight downloadable characters on Xbox 360.
I don't know about anything else, just because...
which is kind of stupid because I'm playing the PS3 one, but I don't care.
Anyway, the downloadable characters effective April 10th are Hulk, Hawkeye, which makes me happy, Cyclops, Nightcrawler, another one of my favorites, Doctor Doom, Magneto, Sabretooth, and Venom.
Venom is cool.
That's very cool.
Playable for Marvel Ultimate Alliance on Xbox 360, has all their abilities, costumes, dialogue, conversations, achievement points.
But everyone really wants to just play Deadpool.
If you haven't bought the game yet and you're thinking about buying it for the Xbox 360, I'd wait until next month because they're going to do, just like the Call of Duty 3, a gold edition of it with the characters packed in.
So save yourself like $10.
Or just play it on PS3.
Or buy it used.
Or don't buy it at all.
That'd be my preference.
Or come over to my house and bring controllers because we need more people to play with me.
All right.
But no Wonder Woman?
No Wonder Woman.
That's DC Comics, dummy.
I learned that last week the hard way.
I just felt like fucking with you.
All right.
Well, we weren't fucking with you when we told you over and over again that Nights is coming out to the Wii.
And I don't know.
Somehow that got confirmed again.
Like blogs were rerunning the story.
Nights is confirmed yet again.
Journey into Dreams.
Or no, Journey of Dreams.
And I was like, okay, didn't we already hear this?
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Pink!
Pink!
and I bet you anything the console colors are coming as well.
But my question is though is this.
The controllers aren't out there anyways now.
What's it matter if they're in different colors as well?
You still can't get them.
I mean, people are going to be... Silver is such a weird color too for like a controller.
Mandarin, you did a little jerk-off motion when you heard this story.
What are your thoughts on the nunchucks and remotes and different colors?
I have a remote skin, like the ones like...
Thanks for watching!
And your Wiimote has not gotten AIDS.
So good job.
To clarify this also, this is coming from a European retail list.
Apparently, according to that, it will be shipping on June 29th in the UK.
So, not, of course, an official confirmation, but come on!
Of course Nintendo's going to do different colored, you know, remotes and stuff.
I don't know, the silver, blue, and pink, that's kind of a weird combo of colors there.
Isn't that all the colors of the DS?
Yes.
There's no silver in this.
Yeah, there is.
The original one was silver.
Oh.
Silvery.
Silverish.
I guess.
Those are all DS colors.
Gray.
Oh, sorry.
Gray.
Whatever.
It's silver.
Well, we can all call it what we want to, but that doesn't necessarily make it true.
Well, something that I think is really stupid... You know, we weren't really supposed to talk about this situation again, but...
We all remember the woman that drank all the water and, you know, pretty much killed herself.
How could we forget?
We freaking live here.
It was all over the news for like months.
Well, basically, they are not filing any criminal charges against the radio station.
The district attorney basically is quoted saying, Jennifer Strange was an adult who voluntarily participated in the radio contest.
She knew what the contest involved when she entered it and had the option to stop or discontinue her participation in the contest at any time.
However, the civil suit is still in process.
And that morning show, though, is still canceled.
The staffers are fired.
I don't know.
And they still haven't replaced it, by the way.
I think they're still doing that cheesy make your own playlist and come in and DJ for the morning.
Like they're trying to get people off the street to fill in because they think.
Like, seriously, no one will touch that radio station with a 10-foot pole right now.
I wonder if I could play my own music, but unfortunately they have a strict guideline.
I actually was going to send in an entry for it, but you have to join their little online club.
But maybe I should do that.
I mean, wouldn't that be kind of funny?
Like, Loki, we should all send in a playlist and just put Beyonce, My Chemical Romance, I don't know, just put all the Top 40 crap on there and get in there and do it.
Wouldn't that be fun?
No, not really, because I don't listen to that station.
But...
I don't entirely agree with that statement.
I think that they didn't fully disclose the risks involved with it.
Yes, she is an adult.
If she was feeling sick or whatever, she could bow out.
But I don't think they fully explained the risks to them as far as what's involved and what could possibly happen, including death.
That's all going to come out in the civil lawsuit.
To be honest, it's no surprise to me that a criminal...
Dark Charge wasn't filed because you'd essentially be saying they were set out to kill someone.
Like they were going into this contest thinking, hey, you know what we should do for ratings?
Let's kill someone.
Well, I don't think that would work.
We thought about it, but you know.
I don't know.
But still, I still think they can get them on negligence just, you know, for not disclosing this stuff.
I mean, hell, if they can get, like, McDonald's on not disclosing that coffee's hot, I mean, they should build it.
That's a civil lawsuit.
The owner of McDonald's did not go to jail for a year because the coffee was hot.
They should because their fries suck sometimes.
The end.
And they keep hiring these people that don't speak any English and they always file my orders.
That station will get sued for $11 billion.
It's coming.
It's coming.
and they will get sold and change their name.
It's counting down till the days till that radio station has to change their name.
And then we will see the headline on the news.
Is it the end of the end?
Wah, wah.
They're saving that headline.
Saving it.
Love it.
All right, well...
While we wait for more information on the Jennifer Strange lawsuit stuff, because I know you love and thrive on all that information.
There's some of us who actually just don't care.
Yeah, I know.
I was being facetious.
I have release dates.
See, what I was doing was I was buying time while I was pulling up the Japanese release dates, because I was a lazy bastard and didn't pull them up in advance.
But now I can tell you about all these great games coming out to the Japanese market.
And you can also horribly...
Listen to me horribly, horribly butcher and mispronounce names of your favorite titles.
Of which it actually does not seem like there's a whole lot coming out over in Japan this week.
For PlayStation 2, there's a game called Grim Grimoire, which is coming out.
And also Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell Double Agent on the PlayStation 2 finally gets its way in Japan.
Also coming out, there's a couple titles on the DS.
Watashi no Relaxuma
is a game coming out to the Nintendo DS from the Rocket Cup.
Relaxuma sounds fun.
Relaxuma.
And actually, it looks like, and Jamie, maybe you'd like this, does it look like little bears massaging each other or something?
It does.
It's like, I don't know, it looks like the old bear is reading and the little bear is walking on his back.
Like, you know, some folks used to do that to massage.
Or the bear is going to murder the other bear with that little pointy red flag.
He's going to play with his... He's like, I...
I call this land in the name of France and stab them through the temple.
That's hot.
So really not an exciting week in Japan, sorry.
Well, if you're looking for excitement in the United States, well, sorry.
You better wait until next week.
Although, there is one good game coming out this week, Super Paper Mario, on the Wii.
That's about it, to be honest.
I mean, there's a couple PSP games coming out.
None worth mentioning.
And yeah, that is your week.
So buy Super Paper Mario if you don't have a Wii.
Ha!
Ha.
But I was really looking forward to Hot Dog King on the PC.
That game looks awesome.
Wasn't that supposed to come out last week?
I don't know.
I'm looking at a website that has it listed for this week.
Yeah, it's just a really, really sad week.
Well, it's really not looking much better for the UK.
We have...
Fear is coming out.
That's a good game.
Godfather of the Dawns Edition on PS3.
Gurumin, A Monstrous Adventure on the PSP.
Harvest Moon DS, Hotel Dusk Room 215, Pokemon Ranger, and Wing Island on Wii.
Maybe Hotel Dusk Room 215 will do better, like in Europe.
Hey Rob, guess what?
What?
Heart.
You know what game I saw a video for that kind of made it look fun to play?
Cabela's African Safari.
They have it where you can go into bullet time as you're diving towards a lion or something like that and you can snipe lions in the head.
Although they already said in Africa you're not going to be hunting animals.
Which is like the one reason I would buy the game.
It'd be awesome if it's resistance in Africa and you're just blowing crap up.
Africa.
Alright, well.
Speaking of games we won't be seeing anytime soon, because I don't know about you, I haven't heard a damn thing on Africa since E3.
But here's another game we won't be seeing anytime soon.
Mother 3.
That's right.
And just to pour salt in the wounds, guess what Nintendo did this week?
Nintendo posted the soundtrack on iTunes.
And no, not the Japanese store.
You can actually get the Mother 3 soundtrack in the US store.
So you can download some of the songs from Mother 3.
Wait, what's this Mandarin?
You have a game release?
Salmon Max Episode 5 is going to be released Thursday.
Wasn't that already out?
I thought Episode 5 came out.
I thought it did too.
Oh, it already released on Thursday.
That's on GameTap.
Because GameTap does roll out their new games on Thursday.
And I had a friend who was playing it, but I think this friend gets to play some games before the rest of us do on GameTap.
Because he's special.
You getting told?
Chatroom's telling you?
Alright, well anyway, if you are waiting for Sam and Max or just don't have GameTap and you want to download some music from Mother 3, you can download such gems as We Miss You, The Theme of Love.
Slow jams of Earthbound.
Lame.
I don't know why anyone would want to be interested in that stupid game.
Because there are rabid fucking Mother fans out there on the internet that will download anything that remotely has to do with Mother.
We used to have a whole cluster from some... There was some website dedicated to Mother in the Earthbound series, and I can't remember the name of it.
But there was a period of time when there was a bunch of those folks listening to our show.
Don't you remember that?
Nope.
Well, God, you don't care about our listeners, do you?
Well, then, fine.
New story.
Anyways.
Thank you, DarkTetsuya.
Starman.net.
That was it.
Miyamoto, of course, inspired by PlayStation Home, wants to expand the world of the Miis.
In other words, he wants to do more things with them, including have some sort of virtual sim-like experience with them.
How about you start by, I don't know, giving third-party companies access to put Miis in their game?
That might be a good way to expand the experience.
Or, I don't know, how about do something a little bit more than just have them wandering around their little white existence in there.
But yeah, he plans on seeing a vast virtual world with the Miis.
They're not starting too well with the, was it that Vote For Your Favorite Me channel that's supposed to be coming out eventually?
Who cares?
A Mare Me Can Idol?
Or Sanjaya Me?
Okay.
Well, anyway.
Anyway, anyway, anyway.
This makes me kind of sad.
Because our dear hero...
Nomura Tetsuya is not affiliated with the new Kingdom Hearts coming out.
Wait, but we saw that trailer last week, right?
Or at least it was tacked on at the end of Kingdom Hearts 2 final mix or whatever?
So they're going on without him or what?
What he's basically telling a Dengeki PlayStation is, and this is a quote, first, it's not Kingdom Hearts 3.
Of course, because we're calling it a new series, it won't be Kingdom Hearts 3.
Also, it's a series, so it won't be just one title.
He's saying that basically he's working on a different story.
I don't know.
Not the next Kingdom Hearts.
It's a spin-off of the Kingdom Hearts series.
Online.
MMO.
MMO.
I bet.
That would be hot.
MMO.
I would totally quit World of Warcraft for that.
I don't think so.
I think here's what it is.
I think it's the Kingdom Hearts series without Disney.
But why?
I mean, that's why most of us started playing Kingdom Hearts in the first place.
I mean, I don't know.
Now we all play it for the Roxas and Axel slash.
Fuck that.
Well, we'll see what happens.
Okay.
Dustcap 2 makes it funny in chat.
Kingdom Hearts X1.
Like Mega Man, get it?
Har.
Laugh.
LOL.
Well, this is also leaving a lot of people with a, huh?
kind of look, is that Resident Evil 4 has been confirmed for the Wii.
Now, yes, that's Resident Evil 4, the game that you could already play with your GameCube backwards compatibility.
will now be coming out on the Wii.
This must be what they were talking about when they said the old GameCube games, they could easily redo them for the Wii with the new functionality.
Well, here it is in motion right here.
You're going to now be able to, obviously you use the Wii controls as part of the game.
It'll have widescreen support, although I believe the old one had widescreen support as well, but I guess now you can get progressive scan and all that good stuff.
Well, couldn't the old one do progressive scan as well?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Some interactive event scenes use the Wii buttons.
You have to shake the Wii mode in part of it.
The producer of the Wii version was talking to Famitsu Magazine and said that they want to allow families who play the Wii together to experience Resident Evil.
So in other words, no more chainsaw your face off, I guess.
I guess they're going to have to do something about that.
But there are going to be easy and amateur difficulty settings to make the game a little bit easier.
Also, the bonus elements from the PlayStation 2 will be in the Wii release.
So you can do the Ada sequence, the Another Order sequence.
So that's, I guess, something that you didn't have on your backwards compatibility.
They're going to have to do something about Chainsaw Man taking off your head, though, for the family play.
They're going to really need to do something like that, about that.
Oh, man, that's funny.
Instead, he gives you flowers.
Resident Evil Family Edition.
Anyways, so, yeah, I think it's funny, though, that they were saying that, you know, you can redo some of the old GameCube games, because I think most of the games that have come out recently, especially by Ubisoft, are just old GameCube games that have been ported over to the Wii.
Oh, Super Paper Mario, to some extent, is that.
I mean, granted, they went back and reworked it.
Yeah, Twilight Princess.
Twilight Princess, perfect example.
True.
Prince of Persia 2 Hot damn, when do you think we're going to get a Wii game that was actually made for the Wii?
What do you want to bet Excite Truck was just a GameCube game they were thinking about too?
I don't know I think they were probably actually doing for the Wii Prince of Persia Rival Swords A lot of the stuff that's been out Bionicle Heroes that's coming out, that was a GameCube title Open Season, a lot of the movie tie-in stuff I don't know, it's just bad
Even... Anyways.
Some of our chatroom, by the way, is coming up with new slogans and commercials for Resident Evil 4.
Like, you know, that, We would like to play.
The whole thing there.
Bandit has come up with some new taglines, including, We die together.
And, We would like to kill you.
So, there you go.
Free marketing.
Hmm.
Anyways.
There's a rumor that mass shortage... Or, mass storage is coming to the Wii.
Hmm.
Um, although, unfortunately, I think this rumor has been squashed because it had to do with a press release by a company called ESOL Middleware.
Um, they have, uh, basically a FAT driver, uh, for the file system, and there's another driver for USB host stuff, which apparently is already being implemented into the Wii.
So, this is probably not the case, uh, for right now.
They said it was for the, um,
DarkSakura might use that mass storage device to save her favorite websites she visits when surfing the internet.
DarkSakura.com, home of pterodactyl porn.
It needs nothing else said about it.
It's Pornotube.com.
pterodactyl porn.
Children, ask your parents for permission.
You want pterodactyl porn.
Adults only.
It does not count mental state of adult life.
What's been up with your website of the week lately?
They've all been like X-rated.
I have no idea, because it's like... Someone's been thinking about sex.
No.
Someone's been, um... busy.
Saikun says, why don't we just make this Rob's website of the week?
Okay, I will think of an original website of the week next week.
All right.
I promise.
Well, DarkSakura frequents the porno tube.
I mean, she's not afraid to get down with the porno tube.
All right.
Well, speaking of... We talked about GameTap earlier in the show and kind of how... I guess Mandarin clarified that it was on the private server, the new Sam & Max, but it will be released to the public this Thursday.
So that's cool.
Something else that's there hidden away, tucked away...
Apparently some Sega Saturn games are in there.
There's a game called Bug that shows up.
Which was lame, by the way.
Well, but nevertheless, it was on the Sega Saturn, and it's there in GameTap.
And apparently there's some Easter Egg games.
It's part of a promotion GameTap's doing.
I haven't logged into GameTap in a while.
I have it, but I haven't used it in a while.
I haven't done it since I did my week on Myst Online a while back.
Apparently there's some other games hidden away, too, but those haven't come to light yet.
But...
Something that some sharp-eyed folks have noticed is that if you look at the controls in the game, the controls actually mention the shift key.
So is it possible this is just a PC version of Bug that's tucked away?
So, don't know yet if this means that there are actually Saturn games coming.
But nevertheless, it wouldn't be too surprising seeing as Sega's been a big supporter of GameTap because, you know, you have a lot of Genesis games and Master System games.
And hell, you have Dreamcast games in there.
So why not Saturn?
It makes sense.
SSJ100 Matt in chat says, I'll get GameTap when they do Sega CD.
Seg in chat says, GameTap has included the Sega Saturn emulator, so you'll get more Saturn games later.
GameTap has officially announced that it is an emulator.
Oh, there you go.
Cool.
Yay.
Well, speaking of emulating stuff, a game called Piano Hero on the PC.
Some guy's making it.
and it's basically a freeware open source project that lets people with MIDI capable keyboards play any MIDI file as if it were like a Guitar Hero style track or think back to, I don't know, Keyboard Mania.
However, Activision has now sent a cease and desist order to the guy behind it, Nicholas, looks like he got a peach done, and
well basically the only thing he has to do which is not too bad is he has to change the name because they want to make sure that people aren't getting confused that it's an actual official Activision product or something like that so he can keep on making the game as long as he names it something else I don't know, that's not bad you know seeing as they're not going after the actual game though I don't know does he really have to change the name?
Um, yeah, basically they've sent, you know, cease and desist.
Well, no, no, no, I'm not saying based on cease and desist, but do they really have the legal right to make them change the name?
I don't know.
Maybe unless they're, you know, they have something, um, you know, coming out.
I don't know.
It says among the various products, uh, Activision publishes, um, are Guitar Hero and Guitar Hero 2 video games.
It says as such, Activision is the owner of certain intellectual property rights, including Guitar Hero franchise and
including but not limited to the trademark guitar hero.
It says, blah, blah, blah.
Let's see here.
I'm trying to see exactly what it is.
It says, it comes to attention that you've been using the name Piano Hero in connection with your game that you designed for Halite Studios where it includes a printout of your website showing such.
In our opinion, your use of the name Piano Hero constitutes a...
at least trademark infringement, dilution, and unfair competition with the respect to the trademark guitar hero.
I don't know.
It seems like I'm trying to think of things where things get named similarly all the time.
Especially when it comes to a lot of puzzle games.
I don't know.
I'm just trying to think here.
Here's a perfect example.
There's a movie studio out there that does knock-off movies like Snakes on a Train.
Or...
for the new Transformers movie, Transmorphers.
See, there you go.
Exactly.
There you go.
It's a great example.
Let's see.
Landmine Fairy suggests Keyboard Villain as a possible name to replace Guitar Villain.
Didn't they already license Guitar Villain?
Not officially.
I mean, it's been licensed, but there's no game out on the market yet, which, by the way, that's one of my favorite chatroom names ever is Landmine Fairy.
Also, Bandit makes a good suggestion.
Go to GuitarHero.com.
It's a site for action figures not associated with Activision.
They should sue Activision ASAP.
I agree.
Turnabout fair play, right?
Yep.
Or how about, I don't know, the fact that I would say it's infringing more on keyboard mania than, you know, at least that game actually exists.
AlphaCanonGram suggests a name that will probably sell more copies of the game.
Piano Pornostar.
Piano Pornostar.
Piano Pornostar is a pretty awesome name.
Piano Cockbite.
And on that note, we're going to bring Part A to a close here.
Oh, real quick.
Mandarin, you wanted to give a special shout-out, right?
You haven't been saying much this segment anyway.
I just want to give a special shout-out to Seg in the chat room.
He's a friend of mine currently in Boston.
He was working at Inverson.
Emerson College.
He just got a job at Telltale Games out in San Rafael.
He's going to be being the new build engineer for all the Sam & Max episodes from this point, once he starts there from this point forward.
And I believe he starts next week or the following week.
Didn't we see something a while back about Sam and Max?
They were trying to hire people to port it to Xbox Live or something.
There was a job posting on the internet.
Did your friend get that job?
Maybe?
Kinda?
Sorta?
Something like it?
Huh, interesting.
Well, that's still cool.
Well, he will have to come on the show later if he can.
I don't know, there might be NDAs at the Wazoo.
So, get your friend to come to our show because Sam and Max is pretty cool.
Also, Part B tonight, we're bringing back an old favorite.
We're going to play some match game in Part B tonight.
So that means we need to get some contestants during the break.
So we'll take one on the Skype line later.
Don't call yet.
We'll take one on the Skype line when we actually do the game.
But we need a chatroom contestant.
So to find a chatroom contestant, we always ask a trivia question live here on the program.
Here is tonight's trivia question.
We're going to be talking about a new game in Part B tonight called Rock Band.
Of course, a lot of you guys have heard about this.
But Rock Band was not the first game that would allow you to put together a full band.
There was actually an arcade series, and I know a lot of you folks that have listened to this program for a long time now, you know these games very well.
There used to be three games that would all session together to form your own band so you could play games at the arcade.
Name them.
First folks to send that will draw a random name out of the hat.
Send a message to Sky in chat room with the name of the three games.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
