Orange Lounge Radio
There's your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky and Loco.
Tonight, April 15th, 2007, 360 is set to get a new keyboard for its spring update.
It's Parappa the Rappa set to get another sequel, and would you mount for a mount?
Orange Lounge Radio
The answer is no, but we'll get to that later in the show.
Hi, welcome to Orange Lounge Radio. We are that podcast dedicated to video games, gaming culture, the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts. Joining me as always, say hello to DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Money.
That's what I want.
No, that's what I just spent a whole bunch of.
Really, on what?
On one of our giggling lesbians.
I see. Alright. Well, can I have a loan?
Ask my accountant.
Alright. Uncle Scrooge, is Uncle Scrooge your accountant?
No.
Also joining us, say hello to Tech Master, Loki.
Hello.
How you doing, Loki?
Good. So far.
So far?
Yeah.
But what might make things go bad tonight, just so I don't do it?
I need food. I only have two Pepsis to go off of, and I haven't had dinner yet.
Angry Loki needs food badly.
I'm not angry, I'm just hungry.
Don't shoot food.
Exactly. Unless it's into my mouth.
Not Angry Loki is about to die.
I love Gauntlet, but seriously, they overdid Gauntlet. Like, I used to love Gauntlet, but not anymore.
Like, you know, then we had the Midway Arcade Treasures Gauntlet, then we had the Xbox Live Gauntlet, then we had, you know, it was overdone.
Gauntlet was good, but it wasn't that good.
It should have been, like, Gauntlet Legends, and, you know...
Gauntlet Legends was pretty awesome. I wouldn't mind seeing that on Xbox Live Arcade.
Because that was a fun, like, actual arcade title.
Yeah.
Alright. Well, anyway.
Hi, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio, where that podcast here every week, we tape live Sunday nights over at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Heading into our sixth year, really, because our fifth birthday, so I would be heading into your sixth year.
Our fifth birthday is coming up in June. That's going to be exciting.
So, we're hoping to have a big show for that one.
I've had folks actually email us asking if they can come over for the big anniversary show.
I would make a suggestion.
What's that?
It's all over the floor.
Well...
You've probably got enough for a corpse.
It's a nice gesture, but the problem is that Orange Lounge Radio kind of tapes in the spare bedroom of my place.
And, as much as I'd like to have, like, you know, 50 listeners over just to kind of hang, I don't know if the landlord would like that.
So, we're thinking about, at least I'm kind of putting this out there, having a block party for OLR's fifth birthday, like, somewhere else.
Like, at Golf Land or, I don't care, Chuck E. Cheese. I don't give a shit.
I have a grill at my house.
It's not here. Want to go to your house? Have a barbecue?
We can have a barbecue at my house.
Orange Lounge Barbecue?
Let's do the Orange Lounge Barbecue with pinball.
So, you don't care if strangers come to your house?
I'll just have to lock up everything in the vault.
Alright, there you go. Hide Shermy. Because somebody might try to kill her.
Shermy will hide herself.
Alright. Anyhow, so more details on that to come. That'll be coming up in a couple months.
Alright, let's get to it. We'll start off with How Was Your Gaming Week? Dark Soccer.
Um, I yelled at Dan for not bringing back Marvel Ultimate Alliance again.
And, uh, that's actually, you know, I played a lot of Cookie Mama while waiting at the bank.
Things I do for us.
The sacrifices I make.
I learned how to make Tonkatsu.
Have you not played Cookie Mama on the Wii yet?
No, I'm broke.
You really should at some point. Borrow mine, because I'm going to be gone for a week anyway.
It's the worst voice acting I've ever heard in a game. Ever.
Yuck.
Well, wait. Resident Evil, then Cookie Mama.
I hope that is not Chris's blood.
You don't want to end up in a Jill's sandwich.
Right.
Anyway.
Or do you?
Gotta...
I don't know.
Perf.
You know, we need to do that for our fortune cookie if we still have it.
I don't even know where the hell that...
The Resident Evil prone...
Yeah, somebody sent me that on me three times. It was like Resident Evil voice acting...
I sent it to you!
Well, I have deleted it, I'm sure.
Bitch.
I have a delete everything Jamie sent me button.
Because Jamie fills up my computer with crap.
No I don't.
So I have a big pink button.
No I don't.
I send you awesome.
So, is that it? Cookie Mama, what you gave me a week?
Oh, that and then let the PSP battery die.
and I couldn't find the charger so poo on him so that was a game you didn't
play very well done Jamie ah shut up also Joe you just got back from a road
trip right so yes angry angry drivers driving just stupid people that's why I
thought all right Loki how was your gaming week I played earth defense force
2017 per usual so that's fun I played briefly guitar hero 2 and that was
about as fun as the first one in which case I'm probably not gonna play much of
it why the fuck I bought it it's beyond me same reason I bought DDR though
haven't really played much DDR either play boom boom rocket that was fun
actually it's doing pretty good on some of the songs but I don't they get pretty
hard and some of the achievements are actually pretty easy like unlocked five
after playing like the first song or something is weird and then I played
gnarly golf which that's an old Apple to GS game that I played through an Apple
to GS emulator on the internet and I miss that game except it's really crappy
now why that game of all games I don't know it's a game I used to play a long
time ago and it was fun I remembered it being a lot more fun but the emulator
didn't work right right so you never lose lives so I beat the whole game and
I was like this dumb uh then let's see what else did I play I played Super
Paper Mario and it has way too much dialogue 20 minutes of fucking dialogue
before I can play the game that's retarded but it's okay so far what else
did they play that's about it I think yeah all right let's see I Mikey movie I
also play Super Paper Mario a lot I think it's great I think it's an awesome
game I like the whole old-school side scroller thing mixed with like the
role-playing elements and I think that 3d thing is freaking brilliant I love
the fact that you can you know hit the button and suddenly you're in the 3d
world and you really have to kind of explore and dig around and then like the
fact that the other characters have their abilities to see I have to juggle
it it's really like imagine if Super Mario Brothers were like a puzzle game
in some regards like practice for the game feels like sometimes there's fetch
quests and everything it's fun but I'm unlike Loki I thought the dialogue was
kind of fun I mean yeah it has a long opening to the game but you know they're
just trying to set the stage because you know they couldn't have just done
another you know princess gets kidnapped story although well to some extent that
is what they did but it's much deeper than that this time so when they
introduced new characters and you know there's that quirky sense of humor that
comes with a lot of the Mario role-playing games like definitely
reminds me the Mario and Luigi series series the sense of humor that's in the
game so I disagree with you look yeah I think I think the dialogue is cool well
it didn't have the dialogue was cool it's just I didn't really care for 20
minutes of it right in the beginning of the game you know to me why just why
didn't you skip the opening wedding because I wanted to know the story
because that obviously it's there if it's important I mean so I just wish
they would have liked you know paraphrased or maybe broken it up a
little bit you know instead of blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah blah blah blah play a little bit Oh blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
Seriously though, why the fuck is the storyline almost like ripped from Sonic the Hedgehog?
I mean, you have to collect these, like, jewel things or whatever to, you know, get the chaos
heart.
I mean, come on!
I didn't think of that.
It's like fucking Sonic the Hedgehog.
So whatever.
I'll play the game.
It's gonna be awesome.
No, don't get me wrong, but it's just, seriously, they could've spaced out the dialogue a little
bit more.
Gotta love our chat room.
OrangeLawnTradio.com, always the fourth guest here on the program.
Duckator says, if Loki wanted to know the story, then why is he complaining?
Bandit says, Loki is just upset he has to read for a change.
It's like fucking Stephen King, you know, wrote goddamn Super Paper Mario.
It's like, and Luigi came, buh buh buh buh buh, I mean, Stephen King just writes about
nothing for pages at a time, and then there's actual plot going on, and it's about nothing.
It's like, okay, and then the characters are about to get attacked, when all of a sudden
my attention was drawn away by a butterfly, and I'm gonna go down the street and find
out what goes down there.
And the difference is that he gets paid a lot of money to go off on tangents.
Exactly.
Stupid.
But that's right.
I've gotten past dialogue now, so awesome.
Just need Super Mario RPG to come to virtual console and we'll be all good.
The game is great.
I just bought that!
For three dollars.
Oh, the original cartridge, right?
Yep.
Where'd you find that?
Stephen traded it in at Dan's store, so he bought it.
Well, lucky you.
I'm sure that'll be awesome.
You think that'll come out on virtual console?
I would've thought they would've put that out around the time that Super Paper Mario,
or putting out Paper Mario, I don't know.
Anyway, the game's awesome.
Don't listen to Loki's rants.
It's tolerable.
I didn't say it wasn't awesome.
I just said there's a lot of fucking dialogue in it.
Alright, well, great.
If you're okay with reading, then it won't bother you.
You just have to read.
I play video games, so I don't have to read that much.
Alright.
The only thing I think is gonna be a problem for the game is that once I beat it, I don't
really see it as being the type of game I'm gonna go back through and play again a lot.
But I guess you could say the same thing about Final Fantasy.
I don't know.
Final Fantasy always had a lot of side stories and things to collect, and although Paper
Mario has, I guess, those cards or whatever, I don't know.
I kinda see it as something I'm gonna play once and be done with.
But we'll see.
We'll see.
Ask me again when I get there.
But it's a phenomenal game for the 20, 30 hours I'll spend playing it.
Also my game of the week, Boom Boom Rocket.
That's the only game I've ever played where I found myself in the top 10 on the Xbox leaderboards.
I don't think I'm there anymore, and I should've taken a picture of it, because, hey, it makes
my internet-y penis feel big that I was in the top 10 on the leaderboard.
But yeah, I went into the medium leaderboard.
I was number five one day.
And I know you might be thinking, well, medium, why don't you impress me on the hard leaderboard?
I was trying to get that achievement where you get A's on all 10 medium songs.
And I guess that's the default leaderboard that your scores that you see in the main
Blades page comes from.
So I have this insanely high score somehow, which is weird, because I did not get 100%
perfects on all the songs.
So I don't know, whatever.
I guess I've just been playing rhythm games so long that it really didn't take me long
to get accustomed to Boom Boom Rocket.
It's basically DDR with erratic paths that the arrows take to get to the line.
The song list in Boom Boom Rocket, though, seriously, it sucks.
It's all classical remade tunes, and I think maybe like two of them are good, and the rest
of the songs I won't want to play again.
I liked actually some of them.
There's one that was like a drum and bass remix, and that was pretty awesome.
I don't know.
I wanted to just hook up a DDR pad, because to be honest, I'm like, these patterns aren't
that hard, but why can't I fucking hit them on the controller?
I'm all, fuck this shit, I should just put a pad in there.
Somebody asked me, sent me a message if you could play the game with a DDR pad, and I'm
sure, I haven't tried it.
I think you can.
I'm sure, why couldn't you?
The DDR pad is just a substitute for the directional buttons.
There's no reason you couldn't do it, because you can play Boom Boom Rocket with the D-pad
or the buttons, which is actually how I do it.
I use both.
I use left on the D-pad, and then the other three I use the buttons, because that allows
me to have the triggers as well.
It takes a little bit of getting used to, but seriously, try it.
Don't do all direction, or don't do all buttons.
Do like one or two of the arrows on the direction pad, and then the other two on the buttons,
and if you play a couple easy songs to get used to it, you'll be fine.
There is one that confused me that actually had like four buttons come up at once.
So I was like, um, okay.
Well you wouldn't be able to do that on a dance pad.
Well it was up, up, and left, left.
Well then yeah, you probably just have to do what I'm doing there, hit left on D-pad
and left on the button.
I don't know.
I think I do remember seeing that, but I got around somehow.
Um, because I haven't played the game really for one night, just like I played it hardcore
like one night.
I played it for hours, but the songs just aren't replayable for me.
That's the difference between Boom Boom Rocket and like DDR, or Beatmania.
Let's say Beatmania, which you know, obviously this game is hugely inspired by.
Beatmania has songs that are easily replayable over and over again, and Konami obviously
has some great in-house artists to create a lot of original songs.
Granted they license stuff, but in the Japanese versions it's all J-pop crap none of us care
about anyway.
Well okay, maybe a little bit.
Maybe a little guilty pleasure side.
But most of it is forgettable, right?
But the original in-house stuff is great.
You know, Naoki, Taka, Akira Yamaoka, they all create great stuff.
So I can't believe a big company like EA does not have in-house artists that are capable
of creating music.
Unless they license all that rock music junk for burnouts and all that stuff anyway.
EA tracks.
EA tracks.
Exactly.
Why couldn't we have had some of that on Boom Boom Rocket?
Is that just because maybe it was a risky project?
It's because there's downloadable packs later.
Oh great.
So you know, bend me over and charge me up the wazoo for expandable packs that are not
even going to be that great I'm sure.
And it's probably going to be just like Guitar Hero.
We'll get into that later.
Dark Tetsuya in chat says EA tracks for the lose.
SSJ100 Matt says fucking Avril.
Dark Shy says no insult J-Pop.
It's not all bad, but come on.
Some of it's pretty forgettable.
Some of it's not.
I like M-Flow.
They're pretty cool.
Third style for life.
Anyhow, let's get into some housekeeping for tonight.
If everyone's done with their gaming week, tonight's housekeeping, not a lot.
I do want to give a cheap plug for the All Games Community site, which is something we've
kind of put our might behind as well in endorsing the All Games.
It's kind of like Myspace, but without the cam bots and horrors and stuff.
And it's people talking about video games.
It's pretty awesome.
So if you want to visit it, it's community.allgames.com, and all three of us have profiles on there.
I'm on there.
DarkSakura's on there.
Matt's on there.
I'd like you to check out if you have a chance.
I just wrote an article called the Top 10 Edutainment Titles of All Time, because you
might remember last week I talked about how I went to Monterey and I played an educational
tide pool game.
And it kind of got me thinking this week, what are my favorite edutainment games from
yesteryear?
And of course, number one's The Oregon Trail.
But I'll leave you to figure out what the other nine are.
And actually, I was looking at some of the comments, and I thought this was interesting
because the Rob D. already commented on my post, he says, this is probably just a generational
gap considering that anything more than five years constitutes a gap for edutainment.
But no learning company games other than Carmen Sandiego?
And he kind of goes on to name some of his favorites.
And yeah, I'm looking at my list again.
I was kind of old.
Like a lot of my titles are really old, like Apple IIe, like Rocky's Boots, and some of
that stuff.
Oh, fuck.
What?
I don't remember that.
You know, I had to get really obscure for some of these.
But these were games I played.
And I think the one like frickin' probably no one has heard of is Cave of the Word Wizard.
But seriously, that game was scary as hell.
I've heard of it.
Have you?
For the Commodore 64?
Yeah.
Dude, it's freaky because this game is about who made this?
TimeWorks Inc. made this for the Commodore 64.
And basically, you went around this cave, and you had to jump over rocks, and you were
collecting crystals.
And you had to avoid bats and rocks.
And if you messed up, then you lost a Band-Aid.
Well, randomly, in this like flash of light, like the little cheesy Commodore 64 sound
effects, this little wizard would appear, and he'd go, spell anti-disestablishmentarianism,
or whatever word.
Because he used the voice chip in there, right?
So you'd have to spell it out, and hope you heard him right, because the voice chip kind
of sucked.
It was a Commodore 64.
Yeah, it would be like, now spell.
And if you got it right, he would give you a Band-Aid.
But if you got it wrong, he'd go, it's getting darker, and he'd take flashlight power from
you.
And so you were left to die in this cave, because of this horrible wizard who wanted
to punish people who couldn't spell.
But obviously, if you've ever read my live journal, you'll see this game actually taught
me nothing.
Anyway, check it out, community.allgames.com, look for my blog.
DarkSockerLoki, do you guys ever post your blogs?
I've seen Logie post a few things.
No.
I've seen pictures of my cat up there.
Logie posted something a couple weeks ago that just hit the rest of the internet this
week, but we'll leave you to find out what that is.
Let's get on with the real show, shall we, Logie?
Yes, shall.
Anyways, so not a big surprise, but Perrin Kaplan, open her big fat mouth again, and
is talking about Nintendo Wii shortages.
And basically saying they're doing everything in their power to make sure that the systems
are out there, but it's just a supply and demand situation, and there's nothing more
that it can do.
They're at maximum production.
I have a hard time believing that, but that's what they're saying, so I guess that's what
we've got to go off of.
But here's why I don't believe that.
You don't see any accessories or any systems or anything, well, I mean, not very much hitting
the retail markets and stuff.
Okay now, explain this to me.
Those stupid point cards, it's fucking cardboard.
Why the fuck aren't there billions of these things out there, I mean, it's cardboard.
It's not some fucking fancy chip, it's a piece of cardboard.
So that's why I don't believe this stuff, because it's fucking impossible to find this
stuff.
I don't know about the controllers and all that stuff, but I don't understand why these
controllers are any harder to make than, say, the classic controller or whatnot.
It's not that complicated of a piece of equipment, so I don't understand why it's taking them
so long.
Well, you don't need those cards anyway.
The cards are pointless.
You get charged tax on those cards.
Buy them online.
I understand.
You don't get charged tax as long as you're not in a state that will screw you over on
it.
Sorry, folks.
I understand that, but there's...
Pennsylvania or whatever state's charged for that.
Some people like the cards for, say, I don't know, the kids that don't have credit cards
or stuff like that.
Allowance bonus thing.
Steal your mommy's wallet.
But this is just an example, though, basically, of how even the smallest things they're sold
out of right now, something that should be able...
So if it's a production issue, I mean, I don't see why they can't ship more of these cards.
These things should be fucking easy to make.
Same with the controllers.
The controllers aren't that complicated.
I mean, hell, even, you know, the classic controller doesn't really have any major parts
in it that weren't in, like, say, the GameCube or something like that.
Like, the GameCube controllers.
Why the fuck can't they make more of them?
Maybe they're made from magic trees.
Oh, okay.
Well, there you go.
You know, magic trees.
Miyamoto has to handpick each tree that will become the cardboard used for Wii Points cars.
That's what they're gonna have in Animal Crossing.
They'll have to plant the trees that they'll use to make those stupid points cards out
of.
They can just shake the trees and then the magical point cards will fall out.
They could just recycle.
I'm sure they have a bunch of stuff.
Jamie will come to my village and chop all the trees down, I'm sure.
Yes!
That's what probably happened.
You know, someone came into their village, chopped down all the magic trees that produce
these stupid cards, and that's why they're gone.
So yeah, if you're looking for a Wii, you're not gonna find them for a while, unless, you
know, whether it's something that Nintendo's doing on purpose, which would make no sense,
or if it's just, you know, that they can't make enough, whatever.
Either way, it's gonna be, you know, hard to find them.
But hey, if it's any consolation, there aren't really that many games that are major that
are coming out between now and Christmas.
Okay, I hate to derail here, but Mikolatov has joined us and he's come in the room and
he's laughing his ass off, and I know you guys are playing video games out there.
By the way, like, Mikolatov, X-Differ, and Rice Princess are all here, but none of them
wanted to come on the show tonight because they're too cool for you.
But what is so goddamn funny that you guys, I hear you laughing up a storm out there.
It's distracting!
We're trying to do a show in here!
Oh, okay.
So, Christopher is playing Marble Mania, and that was in my office, and you know, I saw
it.
I thought it was a really fun game.
It is really fun.
But he picked the panda marble, and if people don't know about this game, every time the
marble rolls, it makes noises, and if it runs into things or falls down, it makes noises.
The panda sounds like it's farting, and it runs into things, and it's the funniest thing
ever, and I'm dying of laughter out there, and Christopher can't play because I'm laughing
so hard.
So you guys are laughing at fart noises, and that's what's derailing this entire show.
It's like this cute little panda, and it's farting constantly as it rolls.
Don't die!
It's all that eucalyptus, you know.
It's Cassie shit.
Pandas eat bamboo, you dipshit!
Oh, my mistake.
Hey, this is what I get for not reading.
Bamboo, whatever!
It's Cassie!
I don't fucking give a shit if they're eating eucalyptus or bamboo.
Maybe that's your problem, you're feeding the panda eucalyptus.
Well thank god I don't work at a zoo.
They'd be dead.
The chat room is asking if it's for...
Koala Panda!
DJ Dark Knight's asking in chat, is it 4.20 this week?
No, we're not.
We're role models for the young kids.
We don't do that here at Orange Lunch Radio.
What is the whole FBI thing that showed up before Final Fight?
Winners don't use drugs, remember that, boys and girls.
Winners do find fun things on the internet, and now you will have the Nintendo Wii Opera
browser to check out the internet with.
The final version has gone online this week.
You might have gotten the little blue light of love, as I call it, because when the blue
light goes off on the Wii, you know somebody loves you.
But in this case it was Nintendo saying, hey, it's ready for download.
So the full version of the internet channel is there.
The new features is, thank god, that little bar at the bottom of the screen will now auto
hide.
You have to enable it as a feature, but you can get rid of that, so you can have your
YouTube's full screen.
You can just hit one, and it will hide it.
Awesome.
You can also zoom in and out at a lot.
I noticed when I was on YouTube, I could zoom in a lot smaller portions at a time.
So it was really easy to get the video in the center of the screen without having to
worry about trying to get it full screen, and da-da-da, and all that stuff.
You can also do www.com at a click of a button, because all that's in there.
They just kind of gave it a little bit of a visual makeover, so it was supposed to run
a little faster.
Although, I don't know.
I don't know if it's something about maybe the way my router's set up, or the Wi-Fi,
but internet channel is slow.
So slow.
It's faster to browse the internet on my PSP.
It's faster to browse the internet on, obviously, a computer.
But on the Wii, it is so tremendously slow.
I can't understand why the Wii is so much slower.
Does it just not have the power to handle, or what?
Well, just like I tried, I don't know, loading up even the weather channel, or forecast channel,
whatever.
Any of the channels.
It takes fucking forever to load up, so it's just slow.
Am I supposed to enable some port in my router?
You know how for some file share programs, you're supposed to open up certain ports in
your router, and direct them directly to one of the things that is connected to the router?
You know what I mean?
Maybe I'm supposed to do that for the Wii, to make it run faster.
Who knows?
Eh.
Well, maybe you have to just, like, grease it or something.
Maybe I just have to feed it eucalyptus.
Yeah, you have to feed it eucalyptus leaves, and turn it into a koala.
Well, here's some-
Whatever.
I don't give a shit if fucking koalas.
It would be more- Koalas are cute.
It would be a lot cuter than a fucking panda, I can tell you that much.
Koalas are cuter than pandas, because they have those big noses.
Anyway, speaking of things that have nothing to do with a big nose, for those who have
their Wiis and are keeping up with Virtual Console releases, there is a, I don't know
if everybody's aware of this, but ActRaiser is out on Virtual Console.
We love some ActRaiser, don't we?
Not in this country.
Well, that's exactly it, it's out in the UK.
It actually has 800 Wii points, and basically it's the same old Super Nintendo game where
you walk around and you're God.
I like walking around as God, I do that every day.
I love that.
ActRaiser is seriously one of my favorite games ever from the Super Nintendo.
Incredible soundtrack, incredible gameplay, it's-
Ah!
I like smiting my enemies.
Also out for Virtual Console is Pac-Man for the NES for 500 Wii points, Bonk's Revenge
for TurboGrafx-16 at 600 Wii points.
Blah, blah, blah, all I heard was ActRaiser, honestly.
When do we get it?
I'm hoping that's a good sign we get it on Monday, except for the fact that I'm going
to be out of town all week.
Poor baby.
I know, poor me.
Should we go to Disneyland?
Yeah, that's true.
I'm going to Disneyland.
ActRaiser or Disneyland?
I don't know.
We can bring the Wii with us.
That's a good idea.
Let's bring a Wii.
Yeah, we should.
Okay.
Yeah, the only thing I would be wondering is, now Pac-Man is almost like Linux, because
Pac-Man is, you can play Pac-Man on everything.
Except for the Atari 5200 version, which is unplayable.
I'm sorry, 2600.
Oh, yeah.
The 2600 version is like...
Crap!
Yeah, no.
It's like Pac-Man barf.
It's not real Pac-Man.
It's, I can't believe it's not Pac-Man.
It's Diet Pac-Man.
Anyways, so other games coming to Virtual Console, Sonic 2 and Shining Force, they've
been spotted on the Virtual Console servers, and they're expected to be out, probably Monday.
So you know, we'll have to see if that actually happens, but they're there, and that's usually
a good indicator that they're coming out Monday.
Ooh, Rice Prince is in chat and says Actraiser will be coming out this or next week.
Hey, maybe that's a good sign that, you know, this Actraiser, or the UK release will mirror
the release that we get.
But we already got Pac-Man, right?
I think we already got Pac-Man.
I know.
Not that I really care, because I'm not going to go down.
Maybe we'll get Ms. Pac-Man or some bullshit.
I don't care.
I just want Actraiser.
It's like an original game.
That would be nice to have someday, wouldn't it?
Originally made games?
Yeah, we'll see.
Someday.
Alright.
Let's see.
Also, speaking about Nintendo.
Oh, you're going to love this story, Loki, because I know you love piracy, but Nintendo
does not.
You might know that recently in the news, the US has complained to the World Trade Organization
about China, and it's because piracy is running rampant throughout China.
Nintendo put out a press release earlier this week, on the 10th, saying that they support
this.
Nintendo, of course, they lose money a lot because of piracy.
What I kind of find surprising, well, first, let me read the quote here, quote, Nintendo
will continue to work with the US government while aggressively pursuing counterfeit Nintendo
products in China.
We're pleased the US government is pushing China to comply with its trade commitments
in an effort to protect the lifeblood of the copyright and trademark industries.
That quote coming from Jody Doherty, Nintendo of America's Senior Director of Anti-Piracy.
What's kind of interesting about that, though, is that their ROMs and their old shit still
run rampant throughout the internet.
They haven't really shut a lot of sites down.
Some of the really, really big ones get shut down, but not really by Nintendo.
It's pretty easy to find Nintendo ROMs.
Hell, there's that one site where you could play all the video games online, or I don't
remember, it's like everyvideogame.com or something like that.
You can play them all right there in your browser, and Nintendo certainly has an interest
in old games because they're making five bucks off of everyone they can sell to a virtual
console user.
I don't know.
Great.
That's not China's problem.
That's happening right here.
I'm glad they hate piracy.
I'm glad they're blaming China.
It's not like, because America, no one here pirates anything ever, never ever.
The Rob D in chat says ROM sites don't really exist anymore.
It's mostly torrents.
Yeah, that's true.
But still somebody's hosting the torrents, right?
You got to host the seed file somewhere.
Depends on where it's legal or illegal.
You remember all the crap with Pirate Bay.
Pirate Bay just says back in Go, you guys are stupid.
Tiger Claw says, Sky, you're talking about virtualnes.com.
So we all know Tiger Claw is a big pirate.
Well, this is actually something that's, I think, pretty cool.
The company, Datel, has a program for the PC where you can create, manage, and alter
your Mii avatar for your PC.
It's actually 1,499 pounds and $1,999 in the US, but you can download it off of their site.
It's at Code Junkies.
And the website is, just go to codejunkies.com and look it up.
It's actually pretty cool.
And I'll be posting the link in the chat room.
I believe there's actually some free stuff that's out there that does the exact same
thing.
In fact, website wemodwe.com, and that's W-I-I mod W-I-I dot com.
And they have kind of something similar where you can exchange stuff.
You just basically have to have some sort of Bluetooth adapter or Bluetooth in your
laptop or computer or whatever, and it does it for free.
But to be honest, though, why the fuck is Datel releasing a PC editing program for Miis?
I thought the Wii already had that.
You can just do it on your Wii.
Isn't it funner to do it on your computer?
I don't know.
You know what?
I just like that I have a Bluetooth device, and I like that it's called a dongle, because
that's a funny word.
Why don't they have that for, I don't know, say, the DS?
That'd be kind of neat.
That would be kind of cool.
It would be cheesy and stupid and useless, but neat.
You know, I did find that DS in Super Paper Mario, and it is pretty deceiving.
I totally thought at first, before I remembered that story that was on the internet, I totally
thought at first, I was like, wait, it's saying connectivity, looking for connectivity?
What a tease!
What a little cock tease that was, having a little DS there in the game, thinking there
was going to be some type of functionality.
By the way, thanks to the Magica Radio, I had just run out to the living room real quick,
and I saw them playing a Korowinpa Marble Mania, and the farting panda's really fucking
funny.
It really is funny.
It sounds like when the dog walks across the stones in Labyrinth, the Bog of Eternal Stench.
Remember that?
Where it's just farting noises all the time.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
You've never seen Labyrinth?
The Bog of Eternal Stench?
Yeah, the Bog of Eternal Stench.
Oh, god.
So bad!
The last time I saw it, I was like eight.
Mine was a couple months ago.
We need to fix that!
I guess so.
You know, Megsy hasn't seen Labyrinth.
Anyways, something else that kind of stinks is the Circuit City Paper Mario guarantee.
Basically, their guarantee, at least in print, was that if you arrive at the store, if Super
Paper Mario is not in the store or street date by 2pm, then you get $20 in a gift card.
Well, the problem was that someone actually went there and saw that Super Paper Mario
was sold out, but the thing was, they had Super Paper Mario in earlier, so therefore
they don't get $20.
It's kind of like, well, we had it, but you just weren't here.
What was to stop them from telling everybody that?
Nothing.
Nothing at all.
Aha!
So it was a scam.
Yes.
Did he call the Better Business Bureau, or did he just post his angry rant on the internet
and telling everyone to dig it?
Angry rant on the internet and telling everyone to dig it.
Going to the Better Business Bureau and having everybody going to the Better Business Bureau
instead of dig probably would have been a little more effective, because I don't think
the Better Business Bureau reads Joystik, Kotaku, and Destructoid.
Or even better, maybe, I don't know, let's flashback to say when the Wii came out, and
I think there were similar situations with bundling and stuff like that.
So are we surprised?
No.
Who cares?
It's Super Paper Mario.
It's like everywhere.
If you don't get it, you know, it's...
Act Deft and Chad is adamantly saying, sold out does not equal not in stock.
Yeah, but what's to stop the Circuit City employee?
You don't know any better walking into the store.
You could walk in there at noon looking for the game and they could be all, oh, we sold
out.
There was a line.
It's crazy.
Yep.
No gift card for you.
Would you like to check out our CDs or a new HDTV or a replacement plan?
The best part is, is all the time on those advertisements there's a little bit of small
print that you got to read and that's, you know, the offers can change without notice.
So ha, they can say, oh, we'll give you free prostitutes, you know, if you come by Super
Paper Mario.
They don't have to, you know, follow that.
They can just say, fuck you, bitch, I ain't doing shit.
So could we post a big ad on the internet somewhere that says Orange Lounge Radio gives
free blowjobs and then like in little fine print lie.
This is a lie.
What, Rice Princess?
But that would be true on your behalf.
I'm sorry.
Rice Princess, it actually does give out free blowjobs to all of our.
But on your behalf.
It's your slut.
Oops.
I mean, hi.
This train wreck brought to you by Rice Princess.
Thank you.
Shut up.
Thank you for ruining our program.
Uh-huh.
I'm going to go now.
So hi everyone and bye.
All right.
Wow.
Raven's dolphin says, I want one, Rice Princess.
Sometimes I wish our mics were more sensitive.
You should have heard what she yelled.
Anyhow.
Wait, wait, wait.
Let me, let me simulate it.
Oh, what?
Ew!
How was that?
That was good.
That was good.
A little less angry next time though.
Well, God, where the hell do we begin with this one?
Speaking of blowjobs for exchange for something, an ad went on Craigslist earlier this week
on the 8th, actually about a week ago today, it was on the 8th and it was this woman making
a post there saying, hello, I need 5,000 world of gold for my epic flying mount.
In return, you can mount me.
You have to be on the Laughing Skull server and I want the 5,000, excuse me, I want the
5,000 gold before we do anything.
We can make the trade at your place since I can't host.
So seriously, she goes on to say, I play a level 70 night elf druid and would prefer
someone who is into role playing.
I have a costume.
But honestly, anyone will do as long as you have the gold.
I would also be okay with a woman too as long as you have the gold.
Also not adverse to the idea of groups or anal.
So other words, short translation, I'm a big slut who likes WoW too much and I don't even
know where to go with this.
It's prostitution.
Pretty much.
But she gets away with it because A, it's on the internet, I'm assuming she doesn't
live in Nevada.
I don't know what Craigslist site it was posted on but I don't think it was Vegas and anyway,
it's illegal within the city limits of Vegas anyway.
So it was probably illegal but she gets away with it because it's the internet and it's
not real money.
Would you...
It's offering sex for services so...
Would you give amount for amount?
No, Rob.
Well, for those of you that like to tease and taunt this woman and obviously her picture
was all over the internet because you look at the picture and you kind of go, eh, you
kind of see her and she ain't all that.
No, not at all.
But this is the thing.
Just a couple days later, there was a follow up post.
Hi, I just like to thank all the jackasses that thought it would be funny to post my
picture all over the internet and make 50,000 threads about me on the WoW forums.
I got my epic mount in about an hour.
That was very enjoyable for both parties while all of you idiots probably spent hundreds
of hours farming for years or don't even have them.
I won't be revealing my name or his but suffice to say if I find any of you in game, I'll
be killing you 280% faster.
That's a little WoW joke there.
Also, my new friend would also like to tell all you punks to take a hike, punks.
She said it twice and capitalized it both times so I was reading it that way.
Tell all you punks to take a hike, punks.
I'm planning to meet him again later this week.
He's getting double value for his gold.
So talk all the trash you want.
I got my epic flying mount and I got laid, which is more than most of you failures can
ever hope for.
Well, she does make a point.
As long as she's got a good attitude about it.
As long as she gets her epic mount, that way she can defend herself from the ugly sick
because it looks like she's been beat down with it a few thousand times.
Okay, wait, wait.
Away from the personal attacks for a minute.
Let's say this had been a very Angelina Jolie but blonde, big, big titties posting this.
That still doesn't make it right.
Yeah, because especially since the amount of money that they're talking about 5,000
gold I think equals about $600 in real money.
Shit, you could get a lot more sex for a lot less money if you really wanted to go that
route.
Jamie, it almost sounds like at the end there you're kind of condoning it a little bit.
Like, you know, as long as they're both happy.
You okay with it?
I have absolutely no problem with prostitution.
Seriously.
Well.
No, seriously, and I'll tell you why.
I think I got a 20 in my wallet.
No.
Can I prostitute you to clean my kitchen?
Fuck you.
No, but I think, you know, and I'm saying this, and, you know, it's also not just because
I watched the prostitution episode of bullshit last night either.
But I believe that, you know, if done in a, I'm trying to think about how to say this.
If you are taking the proper precautions to stay clean, to protect yourself from unwanted
pregnancy and STDs, and you're getting something out of it.
It's your choice.
Who has the right to tell you what to do with your body?
That's what I say.
But I don't know.
I mean, like, yeah, I'm all for, like, you know, whatever two people do amongst closed
doors and whatever, whatever makes them happy.
You know, I don't care.
But yet something still strikes me as really, really wrong about this, and I can't put my
finger on it.
Like you just kind of like, ah, that's just not right.
That's not right.
I'm trying to put out for wow.
It is sad.
For wow, Jamie.
People put out for 360s and PlayStation 3s and Wii, so.
You know, I'm not saying that it's sad.
I think that someone is desperate enough.
But honestly, more power to her, you know.
If she says, you know what, I have no problem with, you know, giving it up a little bit
for a mountain.
You know, I think that it's actually no different than the eBay people, honestly.
I mean, I would think that, I would say the sad part is that she didn't actually do anything
to actually earn it, you know.
Like in game, like everybody else does.
But at the same time.
But there's a lot of people that buy gold from the, you know, IG type websites and all
that, anyway.
Right?
It's pretty much, it's pretty much the same thing.
For 600 fucking dollars, that sex better be mind-fucking-blowing.
It better be something that sticks in my mind for until the day I die.
Well, how about it being blogged about on every website on the internet?
I don't know.
Well, no, it doesn't matter though, because, you know, having sex with some ugly, older
chick and the way she has that fucking nappy, long-ass hair, ooh.
But anyways, hey, great.
I was hoping to get her on the show for an interview, well, so much for that, Loki ruined
those chances.
That's fine, I'll talk to her.
Dark Knight says I'm doing a PSA.
I'm looking, let's see, what else in chat here?
GS68 says, woman having sex with men does not equal a slut as long as she's joining.
I'm not sure if, oh, I think it's unequal too.
No, no, no, no, no, there's a difference between a slut and a whore.
Sluts do it for free, whores get paid.
That's true.
So she was being a whore.
She was being a whore.
World of Warcraft.
She wasn't a slut, she was a whore.
Big difference.
But you, but again.
Is he, I don't know if GS68 might be making the point, if it was a man, would anyone have
cared?
Men can be, there's male prostitutes.
They're whores.
Well, I know that.
There's people who give up the butt love for money.
I said that a little way too easily, didn't I?
I know that.
I mean, I read about it on the internet, of course.
I get it for free, okay?
I did think it was funny, though, because I've been chatting off and on with sauce over
AIM, which I'm not on.
Nobody IM me.
Um, just that, you know, because it's legal in Nevada, and it's actually a good source
of income, and it's safe and clean.
I don't even have letters on this one.
To be honest, I mean, seriously, this stuff happens all the time in fucking Second Life
and shit like that, and no one, it just happens so often now that no one really gives a shit.
This, I mean...
In a way, all she did was cut out the middle man.
I mean, really.
I mean, if not this, then what?
She could have been a stripper.
She would have stripped for cash, just used the cash to buy the gold for my GE.
There you go.
All she's doing, she's cutting out the middle man.
She's going straight from stripping to her mount.
It's the same difference as saying, you know, I'll help you with your levels if you help
me get my mount.
It's an exchange of services.
It's just bringing it from...
Bringing power leveling to a whole new meaning.
She couldn't have done stripping.
Uh-uh.
I, I say it was her choice to do it, you know, if anyone's going to judge her, you know,
look at the own shit you do in your life and see how much you can, you can afford to judge
somebody else.
That's what I say.
Okay, put it this way.
Let me lay it out to you straight here.
She's a 31-year-old woman who cosplays World of Warcraft.
So is she.
I'm a 31-year-old woman who cosplays Naruto.
What's your point?
Yeah, but you don't have sex with fucking teenagers or whatever for a goddamn mount.
Well, she has sex with Dan and he buys her games.
I mean...
Yeah, but I married him.
That's why Jamie has...
Wait!
I'm not, I'm not 31 yet.
That's why Jamie has the sympathy here.
No.
I'm just teasing.
Obviously, there's a big difference.
No, that's wrong.
I know it is.
I'm not 31 yet, by the way.
Okay, well there you go.
Four days!
Stop it!
I have, I have 2 AM on Thursday, so just be nice to me.
What if this chick's got like fucking kids and stuff?
I mean, because...
Mommy, what are you doing?
Oh yeah, no money for baby formula, but hey.
At least I got my mount.
All right, this topic's gone on way too long.
We can bring it up in Skype.
I'm learning it later.
Hey, I have something interesting to talk about.
Please.
I've even eaten all the fucking Pocky.
It's good.
I know, I found a different type of crushed Pocky that's cookies and cream.
Anyway.
So, all of us are really, really excited about Guitar Hero 2 on Xbox 360, right?
Right?
No, actually, Guitar Hero 2 on Xbox 360 is pretty rad.
I really like it.
Well, you can actually get the song packs now for $6.25 for three songs.
So it's 500 points, the three packs are Pack 1 is Bark at the Moon, Hey You, and Ace of
Spades.
Pack 2 is Killer Queen, Take It Off, and Frankenstein.
Pack 3 is Higher Ground, Infected, and Stellar, which for me, at the top of all of those was
you know, Pack 1 for me.
You know, at least two good songs in there.
But you're basically playing about two bucks a song.
And the interesting thing that was, you know, they're gonna keep having these packs on here.
If they're gonna be that much, you're gonna end up actually spending a lot of money to
get some of these extra songs for packs of three.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, can I rant and echo the sentiments of the rest of the entire internet right now?
Go ahead.
This is bullshit!
Because the Guitar Hero 1 costs what?
Like 59 bucks for the guitar and the game, right?
Guitar and game?
No, maybe 69.
I don't remember.
Yeah, it was pretty expensive.
It was $93, which is if Red Octane continues to price the song packs at this price, you
will be paying to have Guitar Hero 1 inside Guitar Hero 2.
That's hot.
No, it's not.
It's stupid, and the sad thing is, I am so tempted to still buy one of these packs, because
I do kind of want to play the songs on the Xbox 360, and like, I hate myself for it.
And Red Octane knows that they can get away with charging it.
This is the milking of the franchise that's going to lead to its death.
This is why Harmonix is jumping ship and starting a new game.
Because they know this is going to be too much of a good thing in all these downloaded
pullbacks.
Right.
Yeah, they're really just jumping ship because they're totally not going to milk the franchise
by creating a whole band simulator, which will have fucking billions of downloads for
it.
This works for Harmonix, though.
If you think about it, Loki, they rip themselves off with Guitar Freaks.
Guitar Freaks is what?
It's amplitude with a guitar controller.
Kinda.
Right?
Guitar Hero?
Yeah.
Or did I say Guitar Freaks?
Yeah.
Whatever.
Well, hell, there's that too.
Guitar Freaks plus amplitude equals Guitar Hero, pretty much.
Right?
Am I right?
Yeah.
All right.
There you go.
But what I don't understand is that why, if we're going to pay this kind of money for
these songs, why not give us new songs?
I bet people may not have complained so much if you would have given new songs.
I mean, I realize that these old songs are probably, you know, they're already done and
they're easy to copy over.
Well, then they should be cheap.
Because if you want me to spend two bucks for the song, I mean, God, iTunes charges
like 99 cents a song and those songs are way better produced.
Okay, granted, you have to pay somebody to do all the notes and blah, blah, blah, digital
distribution fees, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, but still for $2, I know
you're going to turn a profit by doing some new songs.
Guitar Hero 2 is kind of lacking in contemporary songs from the past five years.
Why can't you, you know, throw some of those?
Throw a classic pack up.
Why even do the packs at all?
Some of those songs kind of suck and I don't want them.
Exactly.
That's why they're doing that.
Like I want Killer Queen, but I don't want the other ones in that pack.
I want the Red Hot Chili Peppers one.
It's ah.
You have to buy all of them.
Now, here's what I say, you can put the packs up, but make it, you know, some sort of discount
over like say buying each song individually.
Say if you want to buy, make each song, you know, buck 25 or something like that, you
know, then that's not so bad.
It's still bad, but it's not so bad.
And then that way you save a little bit of money buying, you know, you know, one song
over or buying the pack if you really do want all three songs.
The Rob D is making some interesting points in our chat, chat.ornisandrea.com.
I think the rhythm games turn into a song upgrade eventually.
There's just not much you can do about it.
It's not like you can innovate a guitar.
It's Tony Hawk syndrome.
Well, but in a way, in a way, Red Octane did kind of innovate on what already existed as
the Guitar Freaks guitar.
And you sort of saw it coming, like, you know, we've obviously been following rhythm games
a long time.
Remember Red Octane put out four Guitar Freaks because what did they do before they made
games?
They were, they were a big rental company who made a huge, huge chunk of their income
off of music games, economy's beat mania series and all the, all the songs there.
They originally put out a Guitar Freaks controller with five buttons and everybody always asks,
why did they put five?
Because Guitar Freaks only has three and everybody said, why is there five buttons on this controller?
Why?
And everybody speculated, Oh, Guitar Freaks, like super Guitar Freaks on PlayStation two,
they're super duper Guitar Freaks is going to use all five buttons and Red Octane knows
that.
Well, Red Octane was just planning Guitar Hero years ago.
Well, here's, here's the, here's the other thing that you should even get more pissed
off about.
I don't know if some people may have seen this in the forums, how, and I mentioned a
little on top of the show, how I built my own Guitar Hero effects pedal.
Basically the thing, which is going to be a yet another purchase is just a fucking push
button switch.
It's something very simple that, I mean, should I wear it up in about five minutes, that you're
going to have to buy.
And that's going to be in addition to, you know, the guitar and everything.
So they say they sell for 10 bucks.
There's another 10 bucks you're paying for a fucking button for something that, and granted
it's probably not necessary, but near are the song packs and yet it's something extra
that you're going to be buying.
So there you go.
Wonderful.
And the pedal doesn't really do anything yet because it's not implemented in the game,
but it works.
I know that for a fact.
I do agree that other music game series have become stagnant as well.
I love DDR, I really do, but it is starting to get kind of old.
I really feel like, you know, obviously it's inevitable there's going to be more DDR games
this year.
It's just a question of what, and I just feel like I'm not that excited about it anymore
because like I've said on this program a while ago, my idea, and you know, granted you don't
have to use this idea, this is just an idea.
You could innovate DDR by making it a more competitive game, like the whole dance magic
mode from DDR Disney and battle mode in Supernova.
Battle mode in Supernova was just kind of like an afterthought.
It was kind of just quickly done, sloppily done, whatever, and it was in the groove,
same thing.
It had a similar mode in there.
It was just kind of an afterthought.
Really put some time and energy into a battle mode with, you know, your character select
and, you know, I don't know, this whole like you got served kind of atmosphere there.
There could be a really fun game in there that's a little more competitive, and that's
a way you could innovate DDR, but I don't know.
If they continue to sell a million copies of the game, well, DDR Supernova was one of
the top 25 selling games last year.
If you can continue to make a profit by putting out the same old crap with new tunes, I guess
why bother innovating?
Cost money to innovate.
Anyways, speaking of- Our topics are taking too long tonight, my bad.
Sorry.
Well, also coming to Xbox Live Arcade, Super Contra, and this is according to the ESRB.
They have a rating now for it for the 360, so yay.
I think this was one that was announced, I want to say, at E3 last year.
I could have sworn it was announced, but yeah, now it's coming, so no big surprise.
I want to say that when we saw that arcade montage, that there was Super Contra mixed
in with regular Contra or something.
Yeah.
Is it super regular?
Does it take Metamucil?
Shut up.
This is a game, after that little comment, I will want to play Jamie with her on Xbox
Live Arcade.
Quake 3.
Who?
Because I want to kill her with a rocket launcher over and over again.
No.
I'll actually literally throw up on you because of the motion.
That's it.
How long can you play before you start getting sick?
Because 30 seconds is all it takes for me to blow you up.
Can you just turn on your machine and sit there?
About five minutes.
All right.
Well, good.
Five minutes.
I can get five frags on you at least.
I'm really good at Quake.
All right.
Well, we'll put that to the test.
I was a pro at Gotchum on Quake.
Gotchum on Quake?
Yep.
I don't even want to know.
And I can actually play the...
I don't even want to know.
But anyway, so what am I talking about?
The ESRB has recently leaked a rating for Quake 3 Team Arena with a rating of M, of
course.
But for the Xbox 360, now seeing as Quake 4 has already been released, it's a regular
game and it wasn't that great.
Quake 2 was already on there too.
And Quake 2 was on the disc as well.
Where does Quake 3 fit?
And Quake...
Well, I guess the original Quake hasn't been released yet, but Doom did and Doom had a
lot of success.
So you kind of think that, hey, Quake 3, logically, is going to go to Xbox Live Arcade, huh?
So we'll see.
I think the recent file size increase on Xbox Live would make it very plausible.
It's probably the only thing that was possible before.
No, downloadable mods would be great.
Oh, that would be awesome.
That would be cool if, like, when they released this, they put downloadable mods.
They should have a way to do fan-made mods and then have them available through Live.
Well, Unreal Tournament's going to do that, so...
Well...
You only have a few more months for that.
Well, here's some other news, though.
For anyone who has been keeping up with Lost Planet, it's getting a PC release that will
be available in Europe and America in June.
They were not giving too much, too many details as far as when it will actually be available
in Europe, though.
But it's going to be a Windows Vista title that's using DirectX 10 and will be able to
go as high resolution as 2560 by 1600 pixels, so that's pretty cool.
But also, the thing about this is that it's sort of contradicting what Capcom's saying
that Lost Planet was only going to be an Xbox 360 exclusive.
Yeah, but that may be console, though.
Yeah, so is Gears of War.
We all know we're going to get that eventually, too.
And Halo is exclusive.
Yeah, we got that on PC as well.
It's exclusive to just be released.
It's exclusive to Microsoft's Empire, which, you know, that's fine, whatever, it's their
IP.
Yeah, that does make sense.
I mean, Microsoft can say, oh, well, we're going to put it on PC, too, and it's still
a Microsoft product, so yeah, that makes sense.
Yeah, it's not like you're going to see it on a Mac.
Well, a lot of times the exclusive stuff is when they're talking about just, like, consoles.
They're not really referring to PCs, because I think they don't really generally kind of
compete with PCs as far as platforms, I would think.
PC gamers and console gamers are usually very different types.
I mean, like, say me, I definitely consider myself a console gamer, but I do play PC games
now and again.
You know, obviously World of Warcraft, but besides, outside of that, I play an occasional
PC game, and I think most hardcore PC gamers kind of feel the same way, like, yeah, I play
mostly PC games, but I'll try out a console once in a while.
You know, I have a PlayStation, you know, I play games on once in a while.
Yeah.
Well, one PC game, and I actually tried playing this this week, but Dance Online, it's claims
new kind of DDR multiplayer online game.
You know, think Ota Jam, something like that.
Anyways, it's free to play, and it's available online, I believe it's acclaimed.com slash
dance, and you can actually check it out.
I don't know if they're going to be doing kind of the Ota Jam thing where you can buy
costumes and crap to customize your avatar, that kind of thing, but apparently you're
going to be able to actually win signed, you know, stuff from actually playing the game,
so that might be kind of neat, or it's probably going to be ad-supported or something like
that, so I don't know.
That's good that it's free, because I played the beta a few months ago, and I'll be honest,
I don't really remember it.
I reviewed it on the show, but I couldn't tell you when, and it was not something I
would have paid for, so I'm glad to hear they're putting it out for free, and sure, this whole,
you know, pay for customization, sure, there's people that are into that, they'll make money
from it.
Advertising, sure, what the hell.
You know, how about have certain bands pay to get their songs in there?
I'll bet you that's what they'll end up doing, something like that.
Why not?
Why don't they do that with Guitar Hero, like have stuff, you know, sponsored by different
things?
Well, they have a lot of indie bands in Guitar Hero, which is actually kind of cool.
You would think that they could put out a couple free packs of just indie bands who
want to get out there and exposed.
I don't know.
It's still early, though.
I mean...
It is.
I mean, this could be very much like Horse Armor for Guitar Hero 2, and you know, they
haven't quite figured it out yet or something to that.
I actually read that comparison on some blog somewhere, somebody was calling this Red Octane's
Horse Armor, and I could see that.
And certainly Oblivion, actually, you know, I'll give it this, Oblivion got torn into
a new one across the internet for the whole Horse Armor thing, and they fixed it in a
big way.
I mean, and honestly, Oblivion has the best downloadable content of any title.
It's the most supported in the realm of downloadable content.
I mean, wouldn't you agree?
Yeah.
There's so much extra that's out there available for the game.
So they did make right, eventually.
So hopefully, Red Octane will follow in their footsteps and all will be forgiven.
Hopefully.
Hopefully.
Hopefully you'll be able to pick up one of these in the near future.
It's a keyboard for the Xbox 360, but I want you to think, it's a type of keyboard that
actually plugs into your controller.
It's that typical QWERTY, is what they call it, the QWERTY keyboard, that actually plugs
into the bottom of your controller, so you can have it all right there in your hand.
Now, I know what you might be thinking is, this is what I thought, is that, you know,
well, why the hell do you need one of these?
Because the Xbox 360 will actually take any USB keyboard, and it really will, because
I played Final Fantasy XI with a USB keyboard.
It was fine.
Oh, I can pretty much, I have a keyboard plugged into my 360 too sometimes, and it's just a
pain in the ass to actually put the controller down, pick up the keyboard, type something,
put the keyboard back down.
This would actually be pretty quick for me.
Yeah, that's kind of the upside of it, because the thing about Final Fantasy XI is that since
it was basically ported from the PC version, PlayStation 2 or whatever, you could play
the game completely on the keyboard.
The arrow keys would move your character, but obviously not every Xbox 360 game is going
to be built to do that, so you might need something like this in order to do that.
And if you're playing an MMO, that's different than actually just texting somebody or just
typing something up in a chat window or something like that.
That's completely different, because I wouldn't try to play an MMO with that thing, no way.
But it's nice, that way I don't have to really take my hand off the controller.
I can just type something real quick and go back to the game.
I just hope it's not more than 20 bucks, because honestly, we'll get into the reason this is
coming out very soon, but it's not going to be worth it.
I think Microsoft's pretty smart on their pricing for stuff, and it doesn't look like
it's that...
I'd say maybe $15, $20, $17.99 maybe, that's going to be my guess.
We'll see.
Going to the chat and seeing what the folks in chat are saying.
Hostile One says, that looks useless to me, Jaded suggests a keyboard-mouse combo.
Bonnie Dale says, in regards to the Oblivion content we were talking about earlier, it's
too bad that the downloadable content in Oblivion will destroy your game if you play it too
long.
Oh, SSG100Mac makes a good suggestion for Guitar Hero.
I'd pay to have the Advantage or the minibosses in Guitar Hero, too bad most of their songs
are covers of NES games, but hey, maybe they can work something out.
What happened to the guitar version of the Halo theme being in there?
Maybe that'll be downloadable content later on.
Maybe around the time we start getting more Halo news, like the beta or the game, maybe
that'll be a downloadable song later on for free.
Who knows?
We shall see.
We shall also see right now what is waiting for us in the mailbag, because you kids can
email us every week at mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
And DarkSakura likes to jump into the mailbag head first and pull out some of her favorite
emails to read with you folks here on air.
So here we go, let's go into the mailbag.
DarkSakura, who's on tap this week?
We got a bunch of crap, really.
First email actually is a link from Heon.
It's basically saying Tamiki Fighters, I'm not sure, but the point that I wanted to say
was actually in the email, it says, wanted to let you know about it, look, you probably
already knew, love the show, but it needs more lesbians.
Is that in our show role later on?
I don't remember.
No, I guess Tamiki Fighters was officially announced this week for the Wii.
No, it wasn't announced.
It was found on Gamefly.
Oh, okay.
It was officially leaked on Gamefly.
I see.
That was a very interesting thing for somebody to go to Gamefly and look for.
I wonder what tipped them off.
People are now checking Gamefly for all sorts of things.
That's true.
Anyway, we also have, actually our friend Rob with two Bs sent an email saying that
the FTC had provided evidence that the current self-regulation by the ESRB has significantly
improved and is better than other media.
I'm going to link for the chat room an article from Ars Technica that goes into that.
It's really long, but I thought it was pretty cool.
They said that they're basically doing a better job than we are.
Oops.
No comment?
I don't know.
I like to think the game industry is doing a better job than most people give them credit
for.
Yeah, I would agree with someone saying that.
The rating system is broken.
We all know that.
We all know the rating system is broken, but the video game system somewhat seems to work.
M for Mature and T for Teens.
There's a good distinction there, whereas in the movie world, we have R. Granted, there's
PG-13, but you can get away with a lot.
PG and PG-13, it's like it complies together.
It's the same thing.
Yeah, and R, there's such a vast difference between what is considered R. You have movies
like what's a really frickin' violent movie that's come out in the past few years?
I haven't seen it, but I imagine Grindhouse is pretty violent, right?
So you have Grindhouse on one end of the spectrum, and you have Romy and Michelle's High School
Reunion is also rated R, because the F word is used a couple times in it.
Like fuck?
Yeah, the fuck word is used, like Janine Garofalo is in it.
End of story.
I love Janine Garofalo.
Who doesn't?
But the point is that those are very different kinds of movies.
I would let my kid watch Romy and Michelle's High School Reunion, okay?
A couple little fucks isn't going to kill them.
No!
You hear the word fuck, and you suddenly want to kill people!
Yeah, but I would not let them watch Terminator 2.
I would.
Well, you and I are different.
Did I saw Terminator 2 in the theater?
That was awesome.
Anyway, next email.
Hey guys, Sesha here.
I was just wondering what is the opinion on Sony losing executives to Microsoft, and whether
it will really matter to them.
I've heard that Final Fantasy XIII is still in talks, but the only reason that Sony may
be losing exclusivity for that is because it's costing Squeenix too much money to produce
games these days, so going multiplatform solves that problem.
Excuse me.
I also don't know if this is true, so don't quote me on it though.
It's just something that I heard, and it makes sense.
But anyway, if Final Fantasy XIII were multiplatform, do you think this would really affect the
sales of the PS3, or would it not really matter?
I'm not so sure myself, and thought I'd ask you guys.
Thanks for keeping this show going and keeping the randomness of it all in, and a big shout
to Irene.
Heart.
Oh, thank you.
That was good timing.
Yeah, she just watched in the room.
Take care, people.
Stay fukin' epic.
Love, Sesha.
Aww, I thought he was going to leave a voicemail, that jerk.
No, I'm kidding.
Hi, Sesha.
You're hot.
I'm gonna go now.
Bye.
So?
Answer?
Well, of course they haven't announced anything official, but yeah, I wouldn't be surprised
if it does come to the 360, since more people have a 360.
But then again, I mean, I don't know.
If it did make it over to the 360, yeah, that'd be a big blow to Sony, because it would give
people yet one less excuse to buy a PlayStation 3, because it's like, if you don't have any
exclusive games, no one's really gonna want- I mean, they've got some pretty good exclusive
games with Microsoft, and it may not be something that everybody wants, but it's a lot less
exclusive games than, say, Sony has right now, and I don't know.
I think it makes perfect sense to go multiplatform, but that hasn't really been Squeenix's track
record, though.
They're definitely ones for exclusive content.
Not necessarily.
They used to be like that, but see, now with Final Fantasy XII, Final Fantasy VII, they're
releasing games on a bunch of different systems.
Now, we may see something that's released on the 360 that's different than the PlayStation
3 version, since they're gonna make 14,000 different versions of Final Fantasy XIII.
Why?
I don't know, because they haven't milked it enough yet.
I think what they're trying to do is get the preemptive strike on the multiple-sequel thing
like they've been doing lately with Final Fantasy VII, although even though I think
Final Fantasy V is my favorite of the series, but Final Fantasy VI was, I think, their most
epic, but Final Fantasy VII is the fan favorite, I think that they're just trying to say, let's
make this the next Final Fantasy VII and beat it into the ground.
Probably.
It makes perfect sense for them, anyway.
So next email, huh?
This one is from SakuraMaxx, I guess.
By now I have fallen off for some random landmark in World of Warcraft, maybe like Thunder Bluff
and I am now dead.
I have two requests.
Play iFutureList in my honor, and then have Rob get drunk and play DDR.
While he's playing, make a video and put it on YouTube.
I seriously am a dead Tauren and I will be served medium rare in a steakhouse in a matter
of days.
SakuraMaxx in Deathicus Server, still youngest OLR listener, what are your Ravencrest characters
names?
If you want to find out the character names, go check out-
Get on forums.
Yeah, go on the forums, cheat plug.
Also as far as me drunk playing DDR on YouTube, not going to happen anytime soon.
I don't know, if someone happens to have some Goldschlager nearby a DDR mat, who knows,
maybe one day, but I'm not going to do it for the pure sake of making a stupid YouTube
vid.
There's plenty of DDR drunk vids on YouTube of other fools, go check that out.
As far as playing music on the show, we can't really do that because we can play little
clips and you hear a little clip of iFutureList in the outro, that's the song we use for the
outro.
We can't really play the full songs without the artist's permission, copyright issues,
blah, blah, blah.
Then we can't put it on iTunes for free and all that.
Well next email, shall I?
Sure.
I have an OLR, it's me, Neki.
Excuse me.
Neki's on my Myspace now.
I haven't been able to get around to emailing in a while due to my business, but I'd like
to say the shows have been great, especially last week's, and I think the match game rules.
Congrats on finishing your massage stuff, Jamie.
Oh, thank you.
I'm actually going to be getting my transcripts next week and I will have my diploma by the
weekend.
Congrats.
Rad.
We will do match game again soon, but we don't want to beat it into the ground.
Okay.
Let me read the email.
Orange Lounge match game coming soon to mobile phones.
And also for all the people that find fault in your show about being so informal, they
should listen to the show when you weren't there, Jamie.
What?
Haha, it was all Loki reading news and Rob telling bad jokes as he wasn't up on news
that week.
Isn't that every week?
He was just being lazy that week.
Look, if you thought that week was bad, just wait for next week because here's the deal.
I'm flying out to Burbank at eight o'clock in the morning, which is why I'm running out
of the room so much because I'm trying to get my packing done, like laundry and stuff,
like because I'm literally driving over to get taken to the airport in the morning and
everything.
So I'm going to be gone Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and then out of some weird twist of fate,
I fly back here on Wednesday just so Thursday I can drive back down to LA with dark soccer
again.
And you might be thinking, why didn't you just stay in LA, you dumb ass?
And truth be told, A, I don't want to pay for a hotel.
B, I didn't want to make Jamie drive down by herself on her birthday, and then I found
out Chris was going, so I wouldn't have to anyway.
But it doesn't matter.
It is what it is.
I'll fly back and forth, be the fun little traveler.
So it'll be good.
But yeah, I'm not going to be here at all next week, so I will not be really following
gaming news next week.
So it's going to be the low-key show.
Well, to keep going, this is mostly just to me.
As you love pinball and Lego, here's a great match, okay?
There's apparently a pinball.
Yeah, one that someone made.
I think there's a logo.
Oh yeah, the logo pinball.
The logo pinball.
The logo pinball.
Yeah, we talked about that one.
That's great.
Maybe it isn't accurate, but as damn useful as it is, and then this is Xbox 360 Regional
Compatibility Guide.
So these are games that work on either or both systems.
That's interesting.
I didn't even know that was possible.
The website is at xbox-sky.com-xbox360-regional-compatibility-guide.
And yeah, there's actually a few games on here that work on, are they talking about
all regions?
Or just compatible games, because they have that official list on Microsoft's site.
These are all region.
Oh.
Pretty interesting stuff.
Maybe a few games are multi-region.
Far Cry works on both.
F.E.A.R. works on all three.
It even is going so far as listing the PAL ones as well.
That's pretty cool.
Anyway.
Thanks for the link.
That was pretty fun.
That's weird.
Yeah, I'm looking at this list as well.
That's kind of weird.
I'm going to actually link the thing in the chat room, unless Rob, you want to do it for
me?
Sure, why not?
Okay.
R2-D2 is being made into a real projector.
Okay, he has an HD, but it has some nifty little features.
And this is something on Gizmodo, which I'm not going to link.
It's a projector that looks like R2-D2, hooray.
Moving forward, after Loki's raving about Earth Defense 2017, I started to look into
it, and the USNCSC version supposedly works with UK PAL systems, according to the website
I aforementioned.
I wish Microsoft made 40 to 80 gigabyte hard drives for the 360 instead of just making
it 20 gigabyte, and they announced one 20 gigabyte.
Maybe I'm just bitching, but I should get an XSATA and link a PC hard drive to it.
My home site, dscommunity.co.uk, is currently being serviced, slash having, I love the phrase
being serviced, having maintenance, so this isn't going anywhere, but the new site will
be up, quote, soon.
Nice plug, by the way.
Yeah, he's saying, yeah, I got my site in.
Anyways, bye, Necky.
I think that email was sent just to get a free plug in.
No.
I like Necky.
Cool.
Last email.
Dun, dun, dun.
Hey, guys.
Love the show, and while this question is simple and may have already been answered,
I feel obligated to ask, after being able to talk about your show to a wide variety
of people that I meet every day whenever I might currently be, whether it's at school,
work, convention, or at a concert, simply how many people do you estimate listen to
your show?
End of sentence.
Thank you very much.
Kurt Peters.
Kurt's somebody who I'm not going to say the last name.
Sorry, I was going to say real quick, it looks like you can actually, I'm not a huge fan
of, you know, soccer or football, but you can get Football Manager 2006 and 2007.
Both will work on the U.S. Xbox 360s.
That's kind of neat.
Huh.
Except it's in PAL.
But I'm sure if your TV, you know, is an HD standard?
Yeah, HD's pretty standard, so.
As far as the answer to the question, you know, I'm going to be honest, we don't track
it very well.
We have a program that can see how many times a show was grabbed, but we've never really
been about the numbers, because honestly, during the first, you know, couple of years
of Orange and L'Andrea, for a long time, I'll say the very first show we did for 12 people,
13 people, and you couldn't download the show.
And most of us were in the same room, ha ha.
Yeah, ha ha.
So that was mostly it, but we did the show back then and continue to do the show now,
even now, even though, you know, we got bigger thanks to podcasting, just because, you know,
Dark Soccer, Loki and I need an excuse to hang out every week, and, you know, this is
fun.
I don't need an excuse to hang out with you, Rob.
You know what I mean, though.
You know, it is an excuse in the end.
Yeah, yeah.
Heart, heart, heart.
Making little hearts.
So, I don't know.
Do you need a good excuse to hang out with Loki?
So in the beginning, in the beginning, we had about 12, 15 people.
I would, I'm going to lowball it.
I don't, I don't know.
It's kind of weird.
Like, you know, I don't know if we should say, it's kind of, it's just, it's not important.
Is it really important?
I don't think it is.
No.
No, no.
I'll say this.
It's, it's, it's four digits.
It's somewhere, it's somewhere between 1,000 and 9,999.
We'll leave it there.
On the lower end.
All right.
That's it for the emails.
All right.
Yay.
Anyways, as we kind of alluded to before the whole mailbag, and we actually kind of mentioned
it last week a little bit.
Spring Update's going to add a lot of things to the Xbox 360, including instant messaging
via Windows Messenger.
And that kind of ties in with the whole keyboard attachment for the controller.
But you're going to be able to message people while playing games, and also while watching
movies, and they're also going to allow you to add Windows Messenger friends to your list
as well, which is kind of nifty.
And some other things are going to be added as well, including they've got support for
some different video codecs, like MPEG4, H.264, and Play for Sure, which is kind of neat.
Yeah, but no XVID and DivX support yet, so.
But yeah, there's a ton of things that they're adding to that, and you know, that's awesome.
I like that they're adding stuff instead of, I don't know, removing functionality.
Like back groups compatibility in PlayStation 3.
Is anyone in here going to get used out of that whole MSN feature that you can message
people on MSN?
I know I won't.
I don't want people to send me messages while I'm gaming.
You know, the occasional, hi, let's play Texas Hold'em or whatever message is fine.
But I don't want to sit there and chat with someone while I'm trying to play a game.
Usually that takes concentration, you know?
How about this, Rob, switchable aspect ratios while watching video playback.
You can do letterbox, zoom, stretch, and native, since you've lost your time.
I didn't lose the remote.
Somebody lost the remote, but it wasn't me, because it happened while I was on vacation.
But we won't go there.
Let's see, what else?
Oh, this is kind of cool.
The whole downloading stuff, where you can download in the background, you can also set
your 360 to automatically turn off after your downloads are complete, or to run in like
a low power mode.
Like a PC.
It says, a new option in auto downloads for Xbox Live Arcade games provides faster access
to the entire collection of free trial versions of Xbox Live Arcade games.
That's kind of nifty.
The Rob Dean chant is taunting me, because I always decline his Hold'em invites.
I feel bad.
This one's kind of cool.
Updates to Xbox Live Arcade to allow owners to quickly see what Xbox Live Arcade games
their friends are playing and join them, as well as tell a friend capabilities where they
can boast about their achievement scores.
Great, so I'm going to get spam messages.
I just got five points in Boom Boom Rocket for playing a song.
Hooray.
That's going to be fun.
That's...
Yeah.
God, the chat room is making me sound like such an ass.
You're not an ass, Rob.
I mean, well, they're like, oh, Rob never comes to play Texas Hold'em with us.
GAK120 says, Sky's too cool to play with us, Rob D. It's not that you guys play on Friday
and Saturday night.
That's clubbing night.
You don't go clubbing anymore.
Once in a great while, I do.
I want to go.
Well, we can sometime.
Okay.
Well, how about this?
We'll go clubbing when I finally play Hold'em with Rob D. How's that sound?
I'm just teasing.
We need to go back out to karaoke sometime.
That'll be fun.
Yeah, we do.
Anyhow, back to games.
You know, I could bring my Guitar Hero controller to karaoke.
Wouldn't that be fun?
People would still laugh at you.
I would, yeah.
Talk about looking like an ass.
Anyway, last week on the show, I rammed and raved and I was so pissed off because my guitar
was broken.
Although, well, you know, it did work.
It would play the game.
I was just upset that I had one of those model numbers that was part of this whole recall.
You could fix them, by the way.
Yeah, but here's the thing.
Now you don't have to.
Apparently, Red Octane has patched the guitars via Xbox Live.
They rolled out a patch last night about 4 a.m. that will resolve the situation where
input from the whammy bar was not always recognized.
Basically, it comes down to a calibration issue.
And guess what else it does?
It breaks consoles, supposedly.
It freezes your game.
I don't know.
There's reports on the internet, something to sit and dig, like all these people's consoles
are getting bricked and don't know if that's just unfortunate coincidence or if the patch
did something.
Uh-oh.
It really is calibration.
That's what it was.
And I mean, I would have fixed mine except the dumbasses that built the fucking thing.
They put hot glue in the screws.
So I can't, I'd have to scrape the hot glue out of the screw in order to undo the whammy
bar to adjust it.
Thank you very much.
You bastards.
How dare they?
Well, here's something that we started asking why they dare, since a lot of people are not
too very fond of the first one, although I thought it was cool.
There is a rumor that there will be a Perfect Dark Zero sequel in the works.
In the May edition of the official Xbox Magazine, there was a rumor pointing that it was actually
in progress and that there will be book tie-ins to go along with it, but right now it's rumor
mill fodder.
Book tie-ins?
Joy.
I'm sorry.
Wait, what game's getting a sequel?
Perfect Dark Zero.
Dark.
Sorry, I wasn't a fan of Perfect Dark Zero.
I didn't like the fact that you can't jump.
This show needs a sound board.
Yeah, they need to take Crackdown and Perfect Dark Zero and merge them into a game where
we actually have normal jumps.
I like the super jumps.
I like being able to fly.
I like jumping!
Yay, jumping!
This week, Capcom has had their Gamers' Day, although we weren't invited, and they announced
a bunch of different games and stuff, and a lot of stuff for Xbox Live Arcade and the
PlayStation Network, including some stuff that you're probably not too surprised about,
including Super Street Fighter II Turbo HD Remix, which is a fucking long-ass name and
stupid.
Just when you thought they couldn't make a Street Fighter II game with a longer title.
I mean, I think that's the joke.
I think that's seriously a joke, like, hey, we need a longer Street Fighter II game name.
Super Duper Turbo HD Remix to the max!
Extreme!
Lame.
Okay, that's lame.
Lame, lame, lame.
But anyways, it is coming eventually to both PlayStation Network and Xbox Live Arcade,
and yeah.
Hooray.
Another thing that's getting an even longer title, Super Puzzle Fighter II Turbo HD Remix.
Now that's cool.
It's cool, but it's still a ret-
For matching service?
Just call it Puzzle Fighter, god damn it.
Don't need the Super Puzzle Fighter II Remix HD Super Duper.
It's Capcom.
Wasn't that in our match game a couple, like didn't we do a match game like just like three
weeks ago here on the show about like what games do we want, and Puzzle Fighter came
up?
Yeah, probably.
That's awesome, because I think I put it on the list.
I do want Puzzle Fighter.
That's awesome.
I'll buy it.
It's awesome.
Hell yeah.
I heard they're adding new modes and stuff too.
That they're going to have like a Puyo Puyo style mode in it, and that's rad.
Well the better-
Wait a minute.
The game was kind of like Puyo Puyo actually, think about it.
There was also, what was the other game, Panel de Pawn, which I think-
Puzzle de Pawn.
Oh, Puzzle de Pawn, which is, I think is Pokemon Puzzle League, if I remember right.
Nope.
It's basically that game.
Is it?
Puzzle de Pawn is Bust the Move.
What?
That's Puzzle Bobble.
No?
Puzzle Bobble.
Yeah, Panda's a eucalyptus.
I believe her.
Puzzle Bobble is Bust the Move.
Well, I will look it up right now.
I know my title.
Puzzle de Pawn is exactly the same game.
I'm sure somebody in chat is correct with us right now.
I want to have a version of-
I mean, how many fucking games do you have to shoot bubbles and connect to-
I'll be damned.
He's right.
It's the puzzle bubble shooting game.
No, but it was Panel de Pawn.
Is it Panel de Pawn?
It's Puzzle de Pawn.
Who cares?
I used to play this game all the time when I was-
You know what game I would love to bring out a version of over here?
It's Puzzle and Desu.
It's Panel de Pawn.
It's got to be this game.
That makes much more sense.
It's Tetris Attack, Pokemon Puzzle League.
That game makes more sense.
That game makes more sense to have in there.
All right.
It's Panel de Pawn.
My bad.
I still want Puzzle and Desu.
One last game they're going to be getting is Rocketman, Axis of Evil, and Talisman.
It's basically this universe that they've created.
It's very similar, like Robotron crossed with, they were saying, Geometry Wars.
They're comparing everything in Geometry Wars nowadays, but anyways, it's going to be a
top-down shooter game.
Yeah, lots of characters to choose from and lots of shit you're going to be blowing up,
so awesome.
Let's come in Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation Network.
Well, if Shane was here, he'd be very happy to hear that Phoenix Wright 3 was also confirmed
at Capcom Gamer's Day.
It's called Phoenix Wright Trials and Tribulations, and of course, there's a little trailer that
goes with it that you can see on the internet.
Shane was watching it over and over this weekend.
I saw a little glimpse of it, and I believe it goes back to one time.
The story has to do with when Phoenix Wright was once sued and was in court, so whatever.
There's a lot of Phoenix Wright fans out there that'll be very happy about this.
I still have somehow missed the first game, so this is one of those series, like you know
how everybody has those lists of games I really should play someday now, but I just don't
have the time because I'm too busy clubbing?
This is one of those games.
Okay, question for you.
What?
How long do you think before they get a Wii version where when you yell out, hold it,
you have to actually point the remote at the screen like you're pointing?
Dude, I hope so.
Also, if you can't get enough attorney games, hey, wait for this.
Harvey Birdman, Attorney at Law, is coming to the PlayStation 2 and PSP, so not the new
stuff, but the old console's feeling a little love there.
Obviously, it's the Adult Swim cartoon there, and he defends famous cartoon characters,
so that should be interesting about how they're going to make that, because they'd have to
get other licenses to get like, you know, but I guess they just won't have any of the
other cartoon characters in the game.
They'll just have his own stuff, original stuff.
I don't know.
Either way, fans of Adult Swim will be very happy.
And of course, other stuff that they were showing, Resident Evil 4 Wii Edition, and
Resident Evil Umbrella Chronicles, which I heard was pretty lame.
Drunami being the Phoenix Wright fan, well, he hasn't been on the show in a while.
What the hell gives Drunami?
Do you not love us anymore?
Well, he plays Phoenix Wright.
He says, young Phoenix Wright being on trial for murder with his teacher Mia Fay defending
him.
There you go.
That's what Phoenix Wright's all about.
Lots of folks are going to be happy with that.
That's it for part A here of Orange Lawn Orange Radio.
As you know, Orange Lawn Orange Radio is split into two parts.
We tape here live on Sunday night, and we have to give ourselves a little break.
We got to stretch, go to the bathroom, all that good stuff.
So while we take a break here, you guys listening to the podcast just have to wait a couple
days because we like to space it out.
That way you get a lot of Orange Lawn's Radio all week long.
And you'll get Orange Lawn's Radio part B. Those of you guys that are listening live,
stay tuned.
We'll be right back after this.
Orange Lawn's Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
