Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio. We're here on this lovely Sunday evening, April the 29th of 2007, continuing on with episode number 229 of our show.
If you are just tuning into Orange Lounge Radio for the very first time, hi, how are you?
But you're listening to the second part of Orange Lounge Radio.
If you want to go back in our audio archive and listen to the first part, just head on over to www.orangeloungeradio.com.
All the details are there or whatever program you use to get this program like maybe iTunes or Yahoo podcasts or whatever you're using to get the show.
There should be the older show right in the same list where you got this one from.
So let's get to some more gaming news from tonight.
And, of course, our chat room is over at www.chat.orangeloungeradio.com if you happen to be listening to our show live.
And we always like to read your comments.
And, of course, the Skype line will be open in the show a little later.
The iToy is no more as we're now going to get the PlayStation Eye.
Sony Computer has announced that there's going to be a new PlayStation camera coming out and it's called just the Eye, not the iToy because it's no longer a toy, apparently, but it's the Eye.
And the camera will now instead of taking 320 by, or no, I think before like the camera was only taking like what, 300 by 200, I mean it was really small.
Now it's taking 640 by 480 shots at 60 frames a second.
That's not bad.
It's not HD, but that's not bad.
Or 320 at twice that.
Yeah, 320 by 240 at 120 frames a second, which I didn't even think you could see with your eye, but I guess so.
So there you go.
It's going to come with what's called the iCreate editing software that will make you able to edit video and audio and photos and put in visual effects and save all that stuff to the hard drive.
You can also do slow-mo and time-lapse, which means if you want to make videos to yourself, dancing to my humps in the privacy of your own living room and put it to slow-mo, you now have the ability.
Enjoy.
Does this have anything to do with the exclusive release Loki got word about for The Brown Eye of Judgment some months ago?
I have no idea. Possibly.
I don't know, Loki. How about The Brown Eye of Judgment?
Speaking of The Brown Eye of Judgment, it's a sisterly game or brotherly game, whatever.
The Eye of Judgment has been dated for the very specific date of fall, and that's for Japan, of course.
So I guess when the leaves start to change colors and come off the trees, it's time for a crappy card game to come out.
Anyways, it is going to use the eye camera, and it's going to be a card game.
Hurrah.
I'm sure that's really worth the $600 purchase of the PlayStation 3, and you know this is going to be like 80 bucks if this game is bundled in there.
I hope it's really worth that card game that you're going to get sick of after about a day.
To be fair, Loki, maybe they've given this game some enhancements.
Maybe this game looks a little better than what essentially was a tech demo that we saw at the last E3.
Looks exactly the same to me.
Well, yeah, but probably these sites that are running the pictures are just using the old E3 stuff.
I don't know if they've actually put out new stuff, have they?
Let me put it this way.
Granted, the camera is better than the last camera.
But let's just look at the examples here, and I'm not just saying that the eye toys suck.
Because to be fair, the vision camera for the 360 sucks as well.
Hey, if they can make it work, if this camera's got some special...
I believe it's supposed to be able to recognize faces and stuff like that.
If that's actually what it can do, then great.
I just want to be able to use this in low light and stuff like that.
And according to this, I think you can.
But if it does suck, I'm going to be fucking pissed again.
But I'm not buying it.
I was going to say, are you actually buying this to try it out?
There's an easy way to not be pissed at it.
Don't buy it, exactly.
I'm not going to buy it because I have that stupid vision camera,
and I've used that to play with a stupid totem ball.
That was very fucking lame.
I wanted that game to be so good, and then it required the camera,
and I said, screw it.
That pinball game I got supposedly has a mode where you can use the camera,
but I don't want to use it.
It's useless.
I seriously don't even want to play it.
Apparently in multiplayer, you get to see other people playing the game,
which might be kind of funny.
I would play it just so I could play it.
If that's true, and I haven't played the mode yet,
maybe somebody in chat can clarify,
but if that's true, then you can play that by waving your arms,
and you can see your friends on Xbox Live doing the waving their arms thing.
What I would do is I would convince Bobby Blackwolf to play a game with me
and then secretly tape him and then put it on YouTube,
and we could all have a laugh.
That might be a good use of the...
You can already do that with DDR, though.
That might be a good use of the Xbox 360.
I did show him the orange bat, by the way.
All right, anyway.
Oh, yes, the bat.
That's old.
I saw the bat.
Did you go to her house and play pinball?
Yeah, I forgot to mention this in my gaming week.
March soccer invited me over, and I got to go play a whole bunch of awesome pinball games,
and then Marvel Ultimate Alliance, which was great.
The only PS3 game I've ever played, but it was tons of fun.
Cool. All right. Good job.
I played Deadpool the whole time. It was great.
Yeah, she did. Nerd.
She was kicking ass.
Well, who are you playing?
I played Thor, and then I played Iron Man.
I played a lot of Iron Man, and I was like, dude...
Dude, he has a freaking rocket kick. It's great.
All right. No Wonder Woman still.
It's Marvel!
That's my new favorite joke on this show.
It's not a very good joke.
It's going to be a downloadable pack of DC characters, and you're just going to be like, what the fuck?
I will play Marvel Ultimate Alliance when I can play Wonder Woman.
You can play Spider Woman.
Uh, my word.
Anyway.
Pinball's awesome.
So, moving forward, shall I?
God, I'm so sick of this game already, and I haven't even played it.
Hasbro, actually, is set to produce and distribute cards for the Eye of Judgment game.
God, why?
Anyway, for those who don't know, Hasbro is the parent of Wizards of the Coast.
Oh, no.
And we know what Wizards of the Coast have given us.
Our card crack!
Yes, even I played Magic for a very, very long time.
Me too.
I started playing Magic again.
I had my black bordered collection that I sold the first time around for a few thousand dollars in D&D books,
turned right around and replaced most of them, and then managed to...
I just gave them away because they were my...
Have you ever had a collection that's too expensive to sell?
Why don't you sell half of it?
No, but...
I sold what I could out of it, like my Moxes.
No, I go outdoors.
I sold my Moxes, my original manipulators, all that type of stuff, my candelabra.
I managed to get about $1,500 out of it before I just gave the rest of it away.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, nerd alert, nerd alert!
Sorry, sorry, sorry, anyway.
This show has reached maximum nerd levels.
The only card games I'm going to play are card games I can get money for or I can see naked chicks.
And obviously Magic has neither of those.
I used to play the Illuminati game.
Oh, was that good?
That was really fun.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, nerd alert!
Anyway, so yeah, Hasbro's bringing out cards for piece of shit the game.
Piece of shit the game?
No, what's kind of funny though is they're still producing these cards,
but you can scan them and print them out and they work exactly the same,
because the camera doesn't know any different.
It's a fucking camera, it's a card, and boom, works!
I was going to ask you about this.
So the camera actually just sees the image of the card and figures it out from there?
Yeah, in fact, it's really complicated to play the game,
because you can't leave the card on the board if it's been defeated,
because otherwise they'll just recast the card,
because the game doesn't know.
It's very fucking complicated to play,
and when I ask them, I'm like,
well, what's going to stop people from photocopying these things?
What's the point of this game?
See, it's just retarded.
It's a fucking tech demo.
It's a cool idea, because it's really thinking outside of the box,
but the problem is it's thinking a little too far outside of the box.
It's one thing to think outside the box if the box is made out of cardboard.
I mean, it's something that will not enhance card playing.
All it's really going to do is supplement.
Say, for example, if you want to take this and make an official Magic of the Gathering game,
The Judgment or something like that,
and actually just kind of have these on your existing Magic cards or whatever,
and it just enhances that.
So if you want to have this feature at a tournament or something like that,
you can place them down,
and it does a little animation for the people that don't give a shit about Magic to watch.
Oh, look, the monster's beating the other monster.
To be honest, if you're playing an actual game, though,
I don't think anyone's going to give a shit,
and if anything, you're going to get frustrated trying to get this thing to work correctly in the first place,
like any other iToy game that's out on the market right now
because they're frustrating and don't work properly.
I will give a shit when you can hack that thing like people have hacked other games
to stick your own cards and 3D models that show up within it in
so we can get our OLR game going
and we can see a little dancing Rob whenever we put his card down.
Oh, hooray.
I am so excited. I just can't hide it.
That will go on YouTube.
Yeah, speaking of things competing with YouTube,
Sony is creating a service called iVEO.
It's a video sharing site in Japan,
and of course it's something that's going to hopefully,
if PlayStation gets their way in,
Sony will compete against YouTube.
Now, they will be introducing it outside of Japan for right now,
but of course they're trying to gauge how it's going to go over in Japan first.
What's interesting about it is that you can actually download
PSP and iPod compatible video files from the service.
There will be a mobile version of this service as well,
and you can upload videos from your mobile devices.
Also, the logo for the service is the old Boomerang PS3 controller shaped,
which is kind of funny.
So there it is.
So I'm wondering if now, you know, it seems like a natural progression that,
oh, if you're going to be able to make your own movies with this PlayStation i,
you'll also be able to upload those to the service,
and then so you can hopefully someday download
Loki singing My Humps in slow motion directly to your PSP.
I don't sing, and I definitely do not sing My Humps.
My Humps, My Humps, My Humps.
And it's definitely not in slow motion.
Come on, just My Lovely Lady Humps.
Come on, Loki.
So retarded.
Anyways, so some interesting stuff that's coming out of the Microsoft camp.
They've actually put out a new patent.
I'm sorry, I just have to say this really quick.
James Patrick in chat says,
How is it a good idea? Just go to YouTube.
So it's two companies who aren't making money competing against each other.
Zing.
Sorry, Loki.
Anyways, so they have a brand new patent,
and what it is, it's for a multi-component gaming system.
And what this basically is, in layman's terms,
is it will actually use your console to have,
communicate with other devices, like handheld devices.
So say for example, I have a Playstation 3,
although this isn't a Microsoft thing,
but say I had a Playstation 3, and they have this thing in it,
and so my game or whatever is crunching numbers,
but at the same time, my game system is communicating to my PSP
to crunch numbers as well to make it work faster.
So this will use any devices that you have to crunch numbers faster to,
I guess, speed up gameplay or possibly be able to put out more polygons and whatnot.
Or fold proteins.
Goody, goody, goody.
Fuck that shit.
I don't give a shit about the cure for cancer.
I am damn well not wasting my console resources,
wasting my TV, or my power, or my bandwidth on crunching numbers for cancer.
So this is like the original design for the cell processor,
where the more of them you have set up, the more of them work together,
except that it works with things that aren't Sony branded.
Yeah, something like that.
That's right.
Wait, is this Microsoft?
This is Microsoft, right?
Yeah, this is Microsoft.
It says basically in plain English, the patent seems to be proposing a way
to connect portable gaming devices, including PDAs and cell phones,
and consoles in a way that increases the processing power
of all the connected devices.
The more gaming components in the network,
the more computing power is generated.
So can you imagine?
So it's Voltron, right?
No, it's not gay, and it doesn't have stupid robot lines.
No, it's Voltron.
I like vehicle Voltron.
Microsoft has just patented Voltron.
It's all the systems coming together to form one Uber system.
That's what it is. It's Voltron.
It doesn't have theme music. It isn't Voltron.
I like vehicle Voltron.
I like vehicle Voltron.
Hey, guess what?
What?
I have something that's a lot cooler than all that.
A lot cooler.
Blaze says Voltron will whoop your ass, Loki.
Yes, Star Soccer. A lot cooler.
Tron.
Tron.
That's like Voltron without a mole.
You can't make Voltron without Tron.
Great minds.
Rob, three words for you.
Great minds think like me.
End of line.
Anyway.
Four words for you. Die in a fire.
For people who don't know,
Tron is like my all-time favorite Disney anything ever,
which I have on laserdisc and DVD.
I have like the Uber, Uber laserdisc that's like,
you know, this big fat box of Tron.
And I have a Tron t-shirt from the Disney vault.
This reminds me of something, if I may, real quick.
No.
No, Dark Soccer, trust me.
This will have your blessing.
What?
What does that have to do with Tron?
F you to Disney for not having the people mover.
I know.
All because that stupid grad jumped off of it.
Because the people mover.
Most graduate high school and jump off the people mover.
Tron ride at Disneyland.
Because you could go through like Tron,
which is the coolest thing ever.
And I believe Tim Curry narrated it,
which makes it just double cool.
You know what they could do though?
And so, you know,
if they should do instead of the people movers,
actually just do the things together,
like a little track ride and have it enclosed.
Yes.
It was called the Rocket Rods.
Also someone died on that one and they removed that as well.
Someone died on Big Thunder Railroad
and I rode on it in the back.
Someone's gonna die in here if we don't get back to some games.
Rocket Rods is actually pretty cool
because it was like the people movers,
except it moved like 70 miles an hour through the track.
Same track.
It went through the Tron thing too.
It was just like pew, real fast.
No narration.
Tron.
Tron.
Anyway, although Disney Interactive has not confirmed this yet,
the ESRB is actually reviewing a rating for the discs of Tron.
And also it says there's another one supposed to be coming out,
but they were talking about a...
IGN actually was saying that they received a package
that included a DVD of Tron
and a note that says, SARC is ready, are you?
And so we're getting...
Oh, sorry.
Another note to that was,
two classics return this summer to the arcade.
More data to be downloaded soon.
So it looks like it's going to be Tron and Discs of Tron.
That is so frickin' rad, I can't even contain myself.
I found the Discs of Tron machine.
Tron is like seriously one of my favorite arcade games.
That was an excellent game.
The light cycles, that little cone thing.
Did you ever play Tron 2.0?
No, I never did.
There's something that Dan downloaded a while back,
and it was pretty fun.
It's actually just a light cycle game.
I was about to say, the online one?
Yeah, the online light cycle game.
That was pretty cool.
That Tron 2.0 though was supposed to be like a big play-through game.
I need to go back through Kingdom Hearts 2 so I can get to Tron World.
Why do I have Stargate Atlantis in my laptop?
Because you're a nerd.
No, Dan was using my laptop last and...
God.
Anyway.
Tron is one letter off from Pron.
That's true.
Do you know how everyone misspells porn?
Pron.
Tron.
T-R-0-N.
Discs of Pron.
Oh no, that's what Dark Sakura denies having, is hard discs of Pron.
What?
End of line.
Oh wait, no, I pointed...
I'm sorry, it's my turn, huh?
Loki's like sitting here going,
Are you going to cut her off yet with the next story?
And I'm going,
Come on, Loki, get into your story.
Oops, it's my turn.
Hi.
Rob.
No, I just wanted to try that one time.
It doesn't work for you, it works for her.
It's actually kind of fun.
No, it's not.
There's a big, fat, scary rumor on the internet that more Guitar Hero 2 song packs are on
the way.
Now, it's one step above a rumor because harmonics fans seemed to call the first set of arcade
packs before they came out, so this looks like it could be pretty true, is that there
are these new packs coming out for Guitar Hero 2.
Pack one will contain Cowboys from Hell from Pantera, I Love Rock and Roll by Joan Jett,
and The Black Hearts and Cochise by Audioslave.
Content pack two will have Godzilla by Blue Oyster Cult, I Wanna Be Sedated by The Ramones,
and Sharp Dressed Man by ZZ Top.
And content pack three will have Iron Man by Black Sabbath, Take Me Out by Franz Ferdinand,
and Smoke on the Water by Deep Purple.
Yeah, those are cool, but if they charge the same price as they did the first time around,
then fail.
Although, I really don't see how they can't charge the exact same price.
I mean, wouldn't that be weird if you had these one packs that cost 200 points and these
other packs that cost 100 points?
That would look kind of stupid, so I think they're going to be the same price like it
or not.
Everybody bought them.
The market sustains it.
Yeah.
I'd pay that happily if they were new songs that I hadn't already bought.
Exactly.
Ditto.
And I don't know, I do kind of want that pack three with Iron Man.
That's kind of rad.
That was the one pack I really didn't want.
I didn't enjoy any of those songs nearly as much as the others.
Anyways, there's a rumor that the BioWare sci-fi role-playing game, you know, this phenomenal
game that's coming out called Mass Effect, has been delayed to September.
And, of course, Microsoft is on the record saying that we have not made an official announcement
for a date, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
So, it's rumor mill and yada, yada, yada.
It's actually moved.
What, what, what?
Nothing.
I didn't say anything.
Did you say it's actually true?
Probably.
And how would you know this?
Because I heard about it before.
Oh, right.
But it's probably true.
It's not done.
Let me put it this way.
It's not coming out, you know, right now, but definitely later.
So September until you get your Mass Effect.
Sorry.
East.
At least.
I mean, like, look at, well, perfect example, look at Too Human, delayed to like next year.
Well, Microsoft, though, I think might be feeling a bit of pain right about now because
their games division is actually reporting a lower sales by 21%.
Basically, they've had a drop from 402 million for this quarter last year to 315 million.
So that's quite a bit.
They're basically saying the revenues were actually down by $1.2 billion.
So.
Of course, it's not surprising, you know, they've lost a lot of money before with their
product.
Well, I would say that this is true because Halo 3 is not yet out.
Well, they shipped 500,000 consoles for this period versus 1.7 million in third quarter
2003.
See, there's that shipped again.
It's not sold, it's shipped.
Shipped equals sitting on store shelves collecting dust.
And they're up, you know, but also during the same time, their operating losses fell
by 20%.
So maybe it's going to balance.
They'll pull through.
They have the resources.
It's Microsoft.
They have the power of gates because he's tainted them.
It'll be fine.
They'll be fine.
Halo 3 is on its way.
Halo Wars.
They'll be fine.
I see their parachutes.
All right.
This is not going to help their situation though much.
Sorry.
Ultra rumor site, you know, such a site like Gamefly, you know, that obviously doesn't
have any sort of idea what's coming out the list mass effect for September as well.
So, you know, you heard it from Gamefly.
It's September because they were, they were listing some other weird title called like
beautiful Katamari, which we know is not coming out ever.
Didn't some little internet radio sites somewhere mentioned that one once?
No, we disavow all knowledge of that.
Yeah.
Look, he's afraid of getting NAMM code by nine Microsoft.
NAMM code is a verb now.
Some site somewhere.
Some, something we wish would get NAMM code is this, although I don't see how that's possible.
But, look, there's these videos that went up on Xbox live marketplace recently and what
they are is they're 100 MS point videos.
That's $1.25 for those that can't do math.
Basically all these videos do is they show you the locations of the COG tags in Gears
of War.
And they have one of these videos for each chapter.
So, basically you could spend, what about, I don't know, about six bucks and find out
the location of all the COG tags in Gears of War.
That's awesome except for the facts that YouTube and game FAQs and many other gaming sites
will give you this information for the low, low price of nothing.
So, Microsoft is deciding to, hey, let's see, I wonder if there's any suckers out there
that will, you know, just buy these videos because it's easy and convenient.
It's just like there are strategy guides out there that people buy and they still sell
strategy guides.
So, you know, should they stop publishing strategy guides since game FAQs are out there?
To some extent, I almost say that that's okay because of the fact that a lot of times those
strategy guides also come with artwork and a lot of really cool stuff like maps and things
that you can't really get online.
And they make great coffee table books for the gamer.
They really do.
I mean, it depends which publisher it is and which book it is.
But a lot of those ones, especially for the big, big games, come with a lot of like cool
art and stuff.
Well, you know, I can read a comic book online or I can go buy it in a store.
I usually choose to go buy it because I like having the book.
Same thing with strategy guides.
I don't know about these videos though.
I mean, it's not that I'm trying to say this isn't okay because if there are suckers out
there willing to buy this stuff, then, you know, they're going to sell it and that's
just going to motivate them to make more.
I'm just going to say a preemptive F.U. to anyone who wastes the money to buy these when
you can just go on YouTube or whatever and get these same strategy type videos for free.
Well, apparently, Microsoft has lost some more exclusives in the form of Kane & Lynch
and Crossfire.
Those are both now coming to the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
Although, from what I remember, I didn't think they were exclusives in the first place, but
I don't know, news to me, but they are now coming out on both systems.
I don't know why this is a big surprise because, I mean, how many games like before came out
on PlayStation 2 and Xbox?
I mean, that was just kind of standard that they'd be on both systems.
Who gives a fuck anyways?
I mean, the way I look at it right now, Sony needs all the help they can get because they
sure as hell don't have exclusives for the PlayStation 3.
So, you know, heavenly sword.
So, you know, whatever.
Now, even though I never heard of either one of those games really or care about them a
lot, it is kind of interesting to note that it's a two-way street, this whole losing the
exclusive things.
So, you know, there's been a lot of ra-ha-ha-ha, PlayStation lost the exclusives, Devil May
Cry is coming out on 360, blah, blah, blah, and all that stuff, but now, you know, it's
working the other way.
I don't know.
I think it's just really, it's not surprising, though.
I mean, that's just, why would you publish something for one system, only one system,
unless, I don't know.
I don't know why you would just do that.
If it's easy to port it over to the other system, then why not?
I mean, more people, even if it is only a few million more, more is better.
So, I don't know.
Ravenstaufen is in our chat room and says, I like the tone of OLR tonight.
It's like, I do not give a shit.
I thought we were like that every week.
I don't.
I really don't some weeks.
Let's see, and Kiki's in our chat room.
That's a new name.
Hi, Kiki.
Says, Rob, Rob, Rob.
I have a Hello Kitty Dreamcast.
Kiki, send me your address so I can break into your house and steal it.
That sounds awesome.
All right.
Deakman says, announcement of the podcast.
My girlfriend is pregnant with my baby.
Wow.
Oh, speaking of which, I have an announcement.
Congratulations.
Oh, what's that?
Oh, my.
No.
Really, Dark Sakura?
No.
You're not Deakman's baby?
No.
You're not Mary Deakman's baby?
Hi, Mary.
I don't even carry my own husband.
We kid.
We kid.
We kid.
I wanted to say that my good friend Becky had her baby Friday morning at 6.06 AM by
a cesarean.
Aw, too bad she didn't have it at 6.66 AM.
He is six pounds eight ounces.
How come you have it at 6.66 AM?
Yeah, Rob, duh.
It's a joke, people.
It's a joke.
But his name is Julian Donald.
He just did not want to come out, anyway.
So, I did want to share that, though, with everyone because I'm very...
I feel what that baby's going through, not wanting to come out.
Seriously, though, this is my friend's first baby, and I'm very excited for her.
Congratulations to her.
Thank you.
And to Deakman.
See, we have someone nice in the room, Rob.
And what shall we be sending the baby as a baby gift?
God of War.
How about a decapitated goat?
No.
It's an offering.
I think it's great, though, because his parents are both Trekkies.
His room is all done up in space themed with Star Trek, Star Wars, and Stitch.
They didn't name the kid Spock, did they?
His name is Julian.
Okay.
Wait a minute.
Wasn't that Picard's real name or something?
I don't know.
I forget it.
Jean-Luc?
Yeah.
Oh, his original name was supposed to be Julian.
Patrick Stewart.
I swear I read that in some dig article this week.
It was supposed to be Julian Picard, and they changed it last minute.
Guess what, Rob?
I think we have another segment to do.
Every week, you send in your emails to mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com, and I'm so excited.
The Dark Soccer is going to be opening up the mailbag and pulling out some of her favorite
emails for you to read.
Let's start the mailbag segment.
Hooray.
You can read them with that attitude.
Anyway, first email is from Ariz...
I guess that's how it's pronounced.
Should I get an Xbox 360?
I have a high death monitor that can support 360 VGA.
I can't get live and I can't play mature rated games.
Is it worth it?
No, get a Wii.
No, you should get a 360.
I think it's definitely worth it if you have just a VGA monitor and you don't really need
live.
I have live and I don't play games over it.
Although I do like to download some arcade games, but you'd be fine without it.
Get a Wii.
So I've got live silver and I play on a monitor, which looks fine.
I'd say a system is only as good as the games that are on it.
Yes.
So what games do you want to play?
You can play mature games, so there's nothing really good out.
Anyway.
Oh, that's true.
Sorry, I stepped out of the room, but Warrior Bob sounded like he was on target.
What game was that?
Test Drive.
That is not a mature game and it is awesome.
I love it.
Next email comes from AZHP.
Hey guys, I know you're probably sick of the bad dirty jokes that people have been coming
up with.
I'm here to save you guys.
I came across this Nintendo ad from the late 80s on the internet.
Let me pull up the ad.
Oh God, it's the kids of the Super Mario beanbag and the plastic cases and stuff, which I will
share with our chat room right now.
There you go, everybody.
Yeah, but I think you're supposed to read it because it has sexual in the windows in
it.
It's very small for me to read.
I use a higher resolution, obviously.
Anyway, here it is.
The text says this and this is no joke.
Please have this read in the slightest voice you can find in the studio.
Well, fuck that.
I'm going to use my regular voice.
There's a chill in the air this crisp autumn night and you're warm and safe in your living
room, relaxing with a glass of fruit juice and a game of Castlevania.
Killing vampires goes great with friends and the closest ones you have here are helping
you through a tough level.
You pause.
There are monsters up ahead and you're unsure of how to proceed.
You turn to ask and your eyes meet as if for the first time.
Perhaps it's something in the juice.
Perhaps it's the high from the intense side scrolling action that only NES can deliver,
which is a lie because the Genesis had it, too, and so did the Master System.
But there seems to soar around the two of you.
You don't look away.
You can't.
There's something there, something frightening, something exciting in his eyes.
It scares you, yet you must have it.
Your gaze never breaks.
Neither does his.
There will be magic tonight, but it will be all spells and potions and fantasy lands.
Tonight there will be a new adventure.
Nintendo, now you're playing with power.
What did you see in his eyes?
You saw blast processing.
Game power.
I'm actually genuinely surprised that there is no type, like nobody has tried to capitalize
on some type of sex simulator for the Wii.
In the U.S.
Or Japan or whatever.
Oh really?
That's where it's at.
Korea?
Alright.
I wonder about that.
Yeah, you're right.
Anyway, next email, shall I?
Dear OLR, I just wanted to start off by saying I actually like your show and listen every
week.
That said, I would like to ask Mr. Loki for a well-educated explanation.
Can I say it real fast?
I love how they said, I just wanted to write to let you know I actually like your show.
Unlike the millions of people on the internet who think you guys suck, I actually like your
show.
Most of the time I write in, I hate your show.
Can I continue please?
Alright, sorry.
For a well-educated explanation as to why he does not like Apple computers.
Week after week, I listen to the cowardly beat around the bush responses, Apple sucks,
Apple blows.
Well, I ask you, Loki, and here's your chance to give a well thought out, valid response
to that argument.
Is it because you can't run Windows?
Oh wait, yes you can.
Is it because you can't play the Sims?
And well, hey, Prey and Star Wars Alliance, oh wait, yes you can.
Is it because they actually call your show a podcast?
Would you feel better if they called it a Zune cast?
By the way, have you picked up your Zune yet?
I guess because me and Chris bought him a Zune.
Hi.
Weren't you listening to this?
You obviously are not listening every week because you weren't there when we got him
a Zune.
Hi.
And sure, you did just out of spite.
Have you tried to install Vista yet?
I believe if you did, you'll notice it looks awfully familiar, doesn't it?
Every innovation, and I use that term very loosely, and Vista is a total rip off of the
Mac OS, it didn't even try to think differently or defend it, you can't, whatever.
It only took Microsoft five years to release a horrific response to the public anyway.
Well, to be fair, Loki, you also hate Windows Vista, correct?
Oh, and this was by, God, I'm sorry I closed the email.
God wrote that email?
Oh my gosh, you are fucked, Loki.
I closed your email, I'm sorry person.
Oh wait, here it is.
It's by JG2000.
Oh, not God, one of those.
Phew, I was going to say, God's an Apple fan, you're fucked, Loki.
I'm not fucked.
No, but seriously though, I mean, let's talk about what they're doing to basically advertise
the iMac right now.
They're talking about how, oh yes, programs are so hard to install, but with Apple you
don't have to do anything because they're all preloaded on there for you.
Well that's good that you've preloaded the software that will actually run on a Mac versus
actually any games or anything you want to play on there that are relatively new, and
we're not talking about Doom 2 or stuff like that.
Oh goody, Prey plays on there, wonderful.
That's nice that you're playing the brand new Prey.
But even still though, we're talking about a computer system that they were selling it
based on colors or flavors as I should put it.
Who cares what color the damn system is?
If I can't fucking install-
Nintendo DS.
Hey, yeah, I still have issues with that too.
That's retarded that they even sell it by colors.
But to be honest, I don't give a fucking shit about the Mac.
I really don't.
I don't need to defend my opinion of the Mac.
It sucks, I'm not going to buy one, and you know what?
If you want to spend the money and buy a Mac, go right ahead.
But you know what?
When Oblivion comes out for the Mac, whenever the hell that may be, later on when the Mac
can actually play Oblivion, that'd be nice.
But whenever I guess the next-gen super RPG or whatever comes out, Mac's definitely not
going to be able to play it.
Eh, I still like being bi with computers.
I have a Mac laptop and a PC desktop, works great.
I can do my DVD stuff on the Mac and make pretty little yearbook type things.
It's just two emails, it's quick.
I don't understand, you know, they're like, oh well the iDVD, it's so awesome, you know.
There's programs out there that use, they're on everything.
Granted, it makes it really easy for you if you don't know how to use computers because
all the programs are there for you, and you don't need to download any extra stuff.
But you know what?
People like me, who aren't super basic with computers, like to have that option to customize
things, and you know, I'd like to have the flexibility of being able to do what I want.
Alright, this is too much of a tech podcast now.
So shall I move on to the next email then?
Yes, please.
Okay, hi guys.
Hey, boobs please, thank you.
I'm just writing to let you know.
Was that in the email or did you just say that randomly?
It was me saying that because he said guys, and I'm like, no.
No.
BPC, thank you.
I thought that was a request.
I'm like, well if you really want, I'll just.
Rob, no, I don't need that.
Anyway, I'm just writing to let you guys know I'm really grateful for your efforts in putting
on this show and to tell you to keep up the good work.
No, thank you.
I'm studying abroad from my junior year of high school in Italy right now.
Lucky.
So gaming news obviously isn't always my top priority in life.
That being said, I always find time in my week for your podcast.
They never fail to disappoint.
And they never fail to disappoint.
What?
Okay.
They never.
Anyway.
I don't think that was what they meant.
I don't think that's what they meant.
Chirp, chirp, chirp.
Everything else is all positive.
What?
Anyway.
I never thought I would actually care about the European release dates until I ended up
here and you guys are the only outlet I can get them from.
Can somebody put a five-star review on iTunes that says, OLR never fails to disappoint?
I haven't put a review up yet.
I should do that.
Could you do that?
Could you put a five.
OLR never fails to disappoint.
This show is a festering rash that never fails to disappoint.
Thank you.
Actually, Chris put up the festering rash thing already.
I saw that.
That was beautiful.
Okay, anyway.
Not only do you provide quality commentary that I as a gamer and more specifically a
Bimani fan care about, you also help to give me a smile by talking about high-def porn,
the vagina, and too many other goofy things to write about in this email.
I just want you to know that your work doesn't go unappreciated and I wanted to thank you
for doing us gamers a service and giving me a chuckle or two in the process.
You're doing a fine job and I hope that you continue for some time to come.
Many thanks and best regards, Matthew.
I won't say last name unless he wants me to.
P.S.
I challenge Guy's claim to the throne as worst Halo player of all time and I'm willing to
duel to the death over said throne at any time.
Yeah, but Rob's throne is a stinky unwashed toilet.
Okay, I will challenge you to this Halo duel and I assure you I will disappoint you at
Halo 2.
But what if you fail to disappoint?
Then you lose.
So hey, I'm really curious.
Matthew, was that the name?
Yeah.
Matthew, you're in Italy and that's okay.
That's pretty awesome.
First of all, listener base is international.
Rock.
Second of all, you said you're a Bimani fan and I'm curious.
What is the Bimani and arcade scene like over there?
I've heard that Europe has a better scene than California does right now, but I've never
heard this confirmed.
I think anywhere in the world has a better scene than the entire United States.
Not Japan.
Well, yeah, not Japan.
Well, unless you count Ticket Games and Pachinko.
Anyway.
Japan has tons of arcades.
Which I do.
Anyway, the last email tonight.
This is from Sakura Max.
Anime was created because we killed ourself because hot anime chicks don't exist in real
life.
Okay.
I'm pretty sad to hear about Ken Kutaragi retiring.
I was served in a tavern medium rare and was stuffed into a fat gnome's mouth two weeks
ago reference to my email.
Rita Dracer.
I recommend any MMOs, I already played Maplestory, Albatross 18, World of Warcraft, Space Cowboy
Online, Fly FF, Gunbound, GunZ, and Ragnarok.
I think that's it.
Any recommendations, no subscription games, I'm going broke with World of Warcraft.
Those guys' emails are like Rosie O'Donnell's blog.
Okay, I don't know if you've ever read it, but it's like...
I can't say I have.
Rob, that's the gayest thing I've ever heard of you doing.
No, seriously.
No, no, seriously.
I only know because they make fun of it all the time on Perez Hilton, which is the side
I love.
But if you read her blog, it's like these total random things that are like, World Peace,
I Hate Donald Trump, Save Children, all these random things.
What's this guy saying?
He's like, I was once served in a tavern medium rare.
It's like poetry practically.
I love the signature best on this though.
Let me read this to you.
Zachary Maxx, youngest listener, loves Pocky and wants to blow shit up.
You get a gold star just for your closing to that email.
You can play Loki's game.
Done.
Next, please.
All right.
Well, then, if the mailbag is done, you can email us someday, mailbag at orangelandtrader.com.
Meanwhile, more news, and we're going to talk about the Art of Fighting Anthology.
I like the Art of Fighting Anthology because there's a character in it with my name.
There's a Rob in it, so that's always good.
Robert Garcia, the man who brought us is Dan Hideki.
Right.
Yee-hoo!
I get that joke.
Art of Fighting Anthology will also be coming to the Wii and the PSP.
I believe it was originally announced for the PlayStation 2, and this is, again, thanks
to the ESRB, who apparently has become the newest game leak resource everywhere.
The ESRB will spill all the beans on what games are coming out.
Of course, the Art of Fighting Anthology collects all three Art of Fighting games that originally
came out on the Neo Geo.
Awesome.
You know what else it does?
It gives SNK yet another game to re-release instead of making new shit.
They've seriously become like the Central Park media of the game world.
They make games that run on 14-year-old hardware.
Make something new.
Weren't Neo Geo games supposed to come to Virtual Console anyway?
That's not new.
That's old shit, again.
There was Samurai Spirits Tenkaichi last year.
That was new, and it was really good.
Oh, well, one game.
I still want to get Samurai Spirits 5 for my Neo Geo.
All right, well, anyway, so that's an Art of Fighting.
Anyways, so speaking of, well, not so new, but Taiko Drum Master is making its way to
the DS.
Yes, you'll be able to beat the drum on that screen.
Yay.
Smash the DS into your table in time to the music.
Exactly.
Don't die.
It's going to feature wonderful tracks like the Super Mario Brothers theme, as well as
classical tunes like Flight of the Bumblebee, and let's see, some J-pop songs like Dance
2 featuring Soy Sauce, which is, I guess, apparently from a Pocky commercial.
Now, it should have that song, and I forget what the name of the song is, but it's that
song that goes, I don't want to work.
I just want to bang on Z-Drum all day.
You know that song?
No.
Never mind.
We'll just clip that out of the audio archive.
We'll just make that an edit.
No.
Well, I don't know.
Is there any fun peripheral to come with it, or are they just doing the Leap Beat Agents
thing where you just tap on the thing?
The Leap Beat Agents thing.
It's kind of boring to me.
Well, there is actually something that might not be so boring, because I think this is
really cool.
There actually is a game to be released called Dead and Furious, about a person jailed for
the crime he didn't commit, that type of thing, and then he's in prison when zombies attack.
So it's a shooter that's like House of the Dead, and what's that other one?
Like the Ghost Squad.
Like a light gun shooter.
Yeah, it's a light gun shooter, but you're using your stylus.
So you shoot zombies dead with the power of tapping.
Like point blank on the DS, right?
Yeah, like that.
And you also have multiple possible endings depending on which way you do it, so that's
pretty cool.
I like Killing the Undead.
You know, there's a new game, and I'm thinking it's probably the same thing.
It's actually coming out in June called Touch the Dead, which I think may be the US version
of Dead and Furious.
They will have to change that name.
Touch the Dead.
Yes, that is the actual name.
That's actually what Sony was inviting everyone to do at their God of War II press conference,
to Touch the Dead.
They asked you to eat stuff out of it.
Apparently, the goat was emptied out, and they had some fake stuff, or some sort of
dish I guess that's like intestines in there.
Awful.
It's so disgusting.
Apparently, it came from a butcher making that okay, because it's from a butcher.
Well, what else are they going to do with the carcass?
Not behead it and have it at a Sony press event.
Well, you can actually buy horse meat on the market.
They actually have two horse farms in the Midwest.
They sell horse meat for international consumption.
I know, and I really want some.
Anyways, I was reading on this one site that they have, and they were doing all the jokes.
This really gets my goat.
This is nothing to lose your head over.
Gotta love the internet.
The Lords of the Ring online game has been getting a little bit of press lately, mostly
because they open it up and free and all that stuff.
One thing that's landing it back in the press is the fact that they were not going to put
gay marriage in the game.
They said, no, we're not going to have gay marriage in the game.
In fact, they took the easy way out of it, the whole controversy, and just decided they're
not going to have marriage in the game at all.
It's stupid.
Why would you want marriage in the game?
In Final Fantasy, it was retarded.
It was completely pointless.
You got a ring with your friend's name on it that you married in the game.
This is stupid.
I actually liked how it worked in Ragnarok.
You actually could share your hit points.
You could teleport to where your in-game spouse was.
There are also certain attacks that you could do if you were married in-game to somebody
else.
On the private server I played on, the mods that actually have it were in the game.
It was set gender specific, but you could have the mods and they would do same sex.
If I were to create my own MMO, I would have it where you could marry anything, including
the villains and creatures that you're fighting.
You would cast a spell and you'd be like- I married a zombie.
I married the rabbit.
No, I'm going to kill the rabbit and eat the rabbit.
No, it's like the end of Shaun of the Dead.
But I still have the ring.
He's my husband.
Wow.
Anyway, so basically the whole thing came up is that the Lords of the Ring Online, they
decided what they were and they weren't going to put in the game based on what was in the
original books.
Although they had some inter-special dwarf marrying human or whatever, then they were
going to have that.
There was no mention in the books ever of two males or two females marrying, so they
weren't going to put it in the game.
You know the elves are doing it.
But who knows?
They just decided, you know what, we're just going to get around this controversy and pull
the marriage option all together.
And if I could suggest something to the folks maintaining the Lords of the Ring Online,
you may want to stop there when it comes to pulling the plug on the game because the game
sucks a lot.
If you want to play Lords of the Ring Online, just go play World of Warcraft, seriously.
Did you say Lords of the Ring?
I don't know.
It's the Lord of the Rings.
You've got one lord and a whole bunch of rings.
Now it's like a whole bunch of lords and one ring.
That's their problem.
It's a load balancing issue.
Frisbee in chat says, I now pronounce you man and cow in regards to marrying whatever
you want in the game.
Actually we have another announcement speaking of marriages.
Okay.
This is sent to me by our good friend Ranma.
His friend Aaron proposed to his girlfriend today and she said yes, and they're getting
married in an anime con.
Are they listening to the show?
I believe so.
Because if they're not listening to the show, I don't give a shit.
This is don't give a shit night.
I'm trying to be nice and you people are bastards, especially Loki.
I just got us on a PM, just want you to know I have a friend of a friend who's taking a
dump right now.
Did he get married to him?
This is about marriage right now.
Oh my God, GS68 says, I now pronounce you glasses and staplers.
Does this show cause people to want to release or something?
It's possible.
Okay.
Congratulations to Ranma's friend because that's awesome.
And by the way, the whole thing with my voice is I'm still horse from California screaming.
And congratulations to your other friend's pals.
That's amazing.
Awesome.
Speaking of dump, Shivering Isles, they finally are going to patch the 360 version because
the first version kind of took a dump when too many items would get created causing the
game to crash and your game saved to delete or something like that.
But as you're probably listening to this podcast now or tomorrow if you're listening to it
live, there will be a patch.
So yay, your expansion will work as it should have when you first downloaded it.
Had they tested the damn game, tested the game.
That's very important.
Don't just release his shit and patch it later.
That's all I got.
All right.
Anyway.
Well, now this is a game that I personally don't give a shit about because what?
It's the theme.
It really is.
Whoever it was who said that in chat called it.
Well, just because I hate Warhammer, Warhammer 40K, because I know people, I had an ex who
would sit around and do nothing but paint his little toys all day.
And I understand, you know, some of them are really intricate and it's really cool.
And I was like, yeah, you've got a nice hobby.
But when all you talk about is Warhammer and you carry around this kit that looks like
five massage tables and I'm like, dude, okay, whatever.
So anyway, Warhammer Online Age of Reckoning has been delayed in the US and in Europe until
first quarter of 2008.
So yeah.
And in other news, RicePrinceOfAllCosmos PMs me saying, I'm getting married to my diarrhea.
You guys are so freaking mature.
I was just picking that up.
Mature.
Speaking of diarrhea, Phantasy Star Universe, Phantasy Star Universe is getting an expansion.
Dear God, why?
That game is shit on ice.
I actually like that game.
Exactly why I used that transition.
No, yeah, it wasn't that bad.
Well, I think, okay, because I like the old Phantasy Star games, which were really kind
of loose and just you running around.
Damn it.
Loose like the bowels?
I should have thought that up before I said that.
They were not terrible, okay.
There was not much there but battle system and so I grew to like it because I played
it too much.
So now I like the universe.
I think I remember correctly.
I don't know if it was something limited or whatever, but I think that you can get this
game for like 20 bucks now, which I mean for that price is not that bad.
I mean, especially when you consider it does have a single player game portion of it.
I mean, so you are getting an actual RPG, which for 20 bucks, that's not bad at all.
And this is what you do in said RPG, X, X, Y, X, X, Y, X, X, Y, X, X, Y.
That batch of monsters is dead.
Let's go to the next zone.
Just like every other bow I've ever played.
X, X, Y, X, X, Y.
It's like all you did in the whole game.
That's three buttons.
Most RPGs have one attack.
So Phantasy Star universe is getting an expansion, it's called Ambition of the Illuminous and
I have to confess the first time I read this on a headline, I thought it said abortion
of the illuminous.
Like I said, I'm not making that up to be stupid or something.
I actually read that.
I was like, what?
Abortion of the illuminous?
And it's actually called Ambition of the Illuminous and yeah, that's the title and there's going
to be some new weapon types, Medug, Shadug and Whip.
And also there'll be new photon arts and yeah, all that new stuff on, I guess there's going
to be new planets as well.
I don't see how there couldn't be.
If you're on Xbox 360, you can download all the good stuff to your system.
If you're on the PC or the PlayStation 2, you're going to have to buy a new disc, which
seems weird because I would think on the PC you'd be able to download it as well.
I mean, PS2, I understand, but PC, hello, oh well.
So there it is, abortion of the illuminous coming soon.
Abortion of the illuminous.
That's so wrong, but anyways, now the brand new Xbox 360 Elite was just released today
and if you don't want to buy said system or don't want to buy the expanded 120GB hard
drive, which would cost you an extra $179, you could of course hack your current drive
for say about $80 and get 120GB as well.
And this is done with a Western Digital SATA drive and I believe you need a special program
of course to do it called HDD Hacker and if you get those two things, you can create your
own 120GB drive for $100 cheaper than you would buying it.
I'm just waiting for them to actually have an adapter that you can just plug in there
without having to hack the whole drive apart, which I'm sure someone can create if it's
not already available, to just do that.
Just buy the drive, plug it in, done.
Why they don't have that anyways is beyond me.
But there you go, save $100.
If you're not going to buy an Elite system and just want a larger hard drive, might as
well.
All right, hacking and cracking.
Well, every week DarkSakura likes to look up her own hacking and cracking around the
internet and sometimes she stumbles upon to a website that she wants to share with all
of you.
It's called her Website of the Week and here it is.
The Website of the Week is a webcomic that as far as I know is done by a local guy.
It's a real life comics and from what I understand, he used to I think buy comics from my husband
at the GameStop.
He used to live in Rancho Cordova and then he moved to Seattle.
Yeah, okay, well he was local then, but it's a pretty cool webcomic as you check it out.
The URL is reallifecomics.com, so it's funny, it's good.
All right.
I think I actually played DDR with that guy once.
Yeah, cool.
Over in Folsom.
Really?
Yeah, I didn't realize who he was at the time and then I saw a picture of him on his site
like whoa, that guy.
Did we ever run into each other playing DDR back in the day?
Did you play at Folsom?
We had a tournament at Folsom Game Room years ago.
Jeez.
Years ago.
I wondered, do I know you?
2001, did we have a tournament over at Folsom Game Room?
Back in the day, yeah.
Wasn't that Scat?
That was Scat.
Sacramento's cosplaying tournament.
Oh, God.
Oh, no, I didn't hear about that.
I started playing in 99, 2000, so it might have been around there.
Oh, funny.
Small world.
Small world, jeez.
Yeah, exactly.
Small is my friend who goes to Denmark to study abroad and runs into a girl who lives
down my street, also happens to be in Denmark.
Very strange.
And they meet and have lunch.
All right, well, it is a small world and we want to open up the world to call our show
right now on the Skype line.
If you want to give us a call, our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio or you can always
give us a call on the old telephone.
That's 1-877-GAME-OLR, that's 1-877-GAME-OLR, and we'll take our calls on Skype.
And remember, for those of you kids listening at home, you always go, why is it the same
people calling into the show every week?
Well, hey, it's an open line, all I got to do is give us a call Sunday.
I'll even tell you what, even though we should start taping at 6 o'clock Pacific time, you
can actually call at about like 8.30, and that's about the time we open up the lines.
So there you have it, 8.30 Pacific time.
All right, let's go to the phones and take some calls.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Hello.
This is the dead goat from the God of War story.
Oh, it's the dead goat from the God of War story.
Dead goat, do you have a name?
My name's Bill.
Well, hi, Bill, I'm really sorry to hear about this.
I mean, gosh, what are your thoughts on being used as a dead carcass to promote God of War
II?
I don't know.
Before they killed me, I played the first one, and I thought it was pretty cool.
But I mean, some goats just get milked and are turned into goat milk, and some goats
get turned into burgers in some countries, but you get to be a promotional icon for God
of War II.
So that's kind of awesome, isn't it?
Not really, because they put food in my belly and people ate out of me.
I thought that was kind of gross.
But you got to hang out with topless women.
I couldn't do anything with them.
None of them were into goats.
It made me so wack.
Well, what did you call in to share with our program tonight, dead goat, Bill?
I'm actually calling on behalf of Sony.
They want me to tell you to buy God of War II if you haven't.
Well, I will definitely have to consider that.
I mean, it's not every day we get goats talking and calling our stations.
Especially from beyond the grave.
So shit, on those grounds alone, I might just have to consider it, Bill.
Well, thanks for letting me call in.
I love listening to your show.
No problem.
Actually, I have another question.
Do you have a cousin or somebody that might be willing to die for our fifth anniversary
episode?
I'll get back to office, so I don't want to talk about it on the air.
All right.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Okay.
Let us know, Bill.
Okay.
Thanks, Ryan.
All right.
Take care.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Oh my God, there's tons of stupid people on the internet.
What does it cost to get Skype from beyond the grave?
That's what I want to know.
How do you get Skype in the graveyard?
I'm imagining a severed goat head with a little headset on it, tucking into a mic.
We need to Photoshop that.
They're going, crap, the levels are off.
We need to adjust the microphone.
That needs to be imagined.
It's the guy who called it.
It's the Raven's Dolphin.
Hi, who's the Raven's Dolphin?
Hi, what's on your mind, buddy?
I called it.
It's a chat room.
What?
It's a shit show.
This is the what?
I called it.
You don't give a shit tonight.
I know.
Well, we don't give a shit.
Dude, we just had a dead fucking goat call in, okay?
What do you call tonight?
I'm sorry, Rob.
I'm pissing you off.
I just want to say I love it.
I love the tone.
You love the tone tonight?
Yeah, I love it.
I love that you go like, Kane and Lynch is going to the PS3.
I just don't give a shit.
Well, I don't know.
Maybe our show needs a new spin on it.
Maybe, I don't know, maybe Dark Soccer and I rode California Screamin' one too many times
and we just got the, you know, giving a shit bone kicked out of us.
I don't know.
That made me laugh.
Everyone was like, oh my God, Kane and Lynch is going multi platform and you can go like,
I don't give a shit.
Well, I don't know what to tell you.
What else is on your mind?
Gaming-wise this week, Raven's Dolphin?
Well, the Xbox Elite came out today and I think they're last.
The what came out?
The Elite.
Oh, that's right, the Xbox 360 Elite.
Did anybody, well, Dark Soccer, you got an Xbox 360 Elite.
Yes, I did.
Now, what made you want to get one?
It wasn't me.
It was Dan because our old one died.
Oh, that's right.
You guys had no one that died.
Okay, well, I can see that.
Is anybody else interested in getting an Elite here?
When my roommates back in San Luis Obispo get an Elite, I will get my 360 back from
them.
So, I would like someone else to get an Elite.
All right.
Well, Raven's Dolphin, you're just not interested.
You don't think there's nothing.
Do you own an Xbox 360 regular?
Of course, yes.
I own a premium with the nice chrome thing, but I'm not going to taunt you with that.
Well, that's, yeah, I only have a mediocre core system, but that's all right.
I'm not hurting or anything.
So you're just thinking the Elite's not worth the upgrade because you already own one?
Yeah, but I feel like, well, hold, now let me hear.
I'm going to tell you that I thought the DS Lite was an upgrade.
The DS Lite was an upgrade?
Yeah, I had a DS Lite and I upgraded to a DS Lite.
I thought that was the world.
Well, that's different because that's the whole system changing, but with the, you know,
with the Xbox 360 Elite, there's not really, besides that whole HDMI cable, there's not
that much new to it.
You know what I mean?
How many of us can actually make use of that HDMI cable?
I can't.
That's why I don't care.
Well, then there you go.
All right.
All right, let's go.
Thank you.
No problem.
One more thing?
This is a great show.
I hope you do another bullshit episode.
We'll see.
We'll see what kind of mood we're in next week.
All right.
Thanks for the call, Raven's Dolphin.
Bye.
Later.
All right.
That was Raven's Dolphin giving us a call.
Let's go back to the phones and take another call.
If you want to call us, it's username Orange Launch Radio on Skype.
Hello.
You are on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hi.
This is Chris.
Hi, Chris.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Oh, wow.
First of all, I just wanted to say I'm glad to show.
I'm finally glad I got a chance to be able to talk to you guys.
I was going to say, I don't think I've ever heard you call in, so welcome, noob.
Welcome to the live experience.
Well, actually, I wanted to say I got a Wii today.
Ah, congratulations.
That's right.
Sundays are big days for Wiis.
Did you see some report on the internet that said Best Buyer Toys R Us was going to have
them?
Is that how you got them?
No.
I actually had a friend from work.
He let me in that they were going to have 45 Wiis in today.
That was the most they had ever coming at one time.
Very cool.
Thanks a lot.
Did you buy any games for the Wii?
No, I didn't.
I kind of was just going to try to play the Wii Sports for now, see what that was, maybe
rent something.
I wasn't really interested in that.
I was just shocking that the Elite came out not so long ago, and now they have 45 Wiis
coming out.
I said they were competing.
Okay.
That's a good thought.
Loki, do you think maybe Nintendo held on to all these Wiis, maybe to have a big push
the day the Elite came out?
That way, if people were going in and thinking, I'm going to get an Elite, but now they actually
have Wiis in stock.
Maybe I should get that instead.
No.
No, you don't think that would happen?
I don't think so.
All right.
Are you interested in the Xbox 360 Elite, Chris?
No.
I kind of feel they did a student out there.
It really isn't a real successor to the original one.
So you think that was kind of more of a response to the PlayStation 3 going, well, we have
HDMI, MMMMS.
So the Xbox 360 and Microsoft was like, well, I guess we'll just put this out there and
make Sony shut up.
Yeah.
I pretty much feel that that's what they all did.
Actually, one thing I want to say is because of Ken Kutaragi stepping down, but did Loki
have to think about that?
What does Loki think of Ken Kutaragi stepping down?
It's a step in the right direction, that's for sure.
The goat thing, though, is a step in the wrong direction, but I don't know.
Getting rid of him talking, that's definitely a good way to go.
But what about all the good things Kutaragi did?
I mean, wasn't he around for the PlayStation 2 era?
I mean, the PlayStation 2 was awesome.
He did do one good thing, and that's something that my husband pointed out Friday night,
is that he did give us the sound processor for the Super Nintendo.
Yeah, but Rob, what about all the good things Old Yeller did?
I mean, seriously, you may have loved the dogs so much, but at some point you've got
to put them down.
And what about all the great things that goat did?
No, it's they had to put them down.
Rice Prince of all cosmos in the chat room says, put the goat in Kutaragi's place.
Sounds like a great idea.
All right, well, Chris, anything else on your mind tonight?
No, that's basically it.
Actually, I want to know which game you think I should get for the Wii.
You don't own any games yet for the Wii, and you want to know which game to get.
Well, let's see, do you own a PlayStation 2?
Yeah.
What's your favorite game on PlayStation 2?
I would say 2DX.
Ah, sure.
You're a Bamani fan.
Well, definitely, you've got to get DDR Hottest Party when it comes out then on the Wii.
In the meantime, I would say check out Zelda Twilight Princess or Super Paper Mario are
two of my favorites right now.
Anybody care to chime in?
What Wii game should Chris get?
Excite Truck.
If you like Wii.
Excite Truck's not bad.
I was going to say Excite Truck 2.
Does it use a controller?
I want to be able to use the Wii remote a little bit more.
Yes, all those games.
Not so much Super Paper Mario, I mean it does incorporate it a little bit, you do like thuds
by shaking the thing, but yeah, Excite Truck, you hold the Wii remote like a normal controller,
but you steer with it, like you turn left or right, and that's kind of fun.
And then of course Legend of Zelda's all about using that, like you swing it like a sword
and all that crazy stuff.
Okay.
All right, thanks.
All right, no problem, Chris.
Thanks for calling the show, and call us back sometime.
All right, take care.
Later.
We like new colors.
This is a good show.
We need to take vacations more often, because we get new guests in the studio, and we get
new callers.
Not that we don't appreciate the old callers, too.
Speaking of which, I think we're going to get one right here with this call.
Hi, on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
It's Legend of Zaku.
Hello, Legend of Zaku.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Nothing much.
Just coming back from Queens, playing Papa Nade, and pump it up.
I love people calling this show.
I go, hey, what's up?
Ah, nothing.
I just thought I'd call to let you know.
I did stuff today.
No, I'm just kidding.
What do you think of tonight's show?
Any stories you want to comment on?
You know that they are happening.
You know it's official now that the Supernova 2 test location has already been announced
for next month.
Yeah, I think we posted about it to our own site.
Actually, that was my post.
Was it?
I don't know.
Yeah, I configured it.
Maybe you submitted it, and we ran it.
I don't know.
I did.
Well, good.
Zaku, we should thank you because I was looking at the log today of who links to us, and like
two Japanese Bimani sites linked to that story.
So you got us a little bit of press over in another country.
So good job.
Yay.
All right.
Well, tell us.
How did you come across this information about the location test?
No, just a random post from other Bimani sites, Bimani style, Air Japan, all the other stuff.
Even the original posting in ride19.com, the place for the guy that had tech at Brunswick
Zone, I got it from there as well.
All right.
Since I know you're such a hardcore Bimani and music game fan because you've been listening
to us since the day when that's all we talked about on this show, what do you hope is the
number one thing they improve on in Supernova 2?
Or I guess I'd say either improve on or add to in Supernova 2 versus Supernova 1?
Unlockables.
Pretty much.
You know how DDR Max was back in the day.
It only had like 60 songs.
It didn't have any returning songs.
It just had brand new songs.
And there wasn't really that much.
And then Max 2 basically revived old songs and added new ones and had an unlock system.
Okay.
I got you.
And it was something like the whole arcade community could kind of work towards, was
unlocking all this stuff.
Yeah.
I mean, think about it.
If you really think about it, Supernova was just another litmus test by Konami just to
gauge how much interest is still in DDR, especially in the arcades.
And we already know the outcome of that.
I guess so if we're getting a Supernova 2.
Mm-hmm.
All right.
That and hopefully, you know, they are thinking of, you know, hopefully have something similar
to EMUs, you know, something that's not necessarily connected online.
Like a card system like Initial D. Yes, exactly like that.
Build your own dancer.
It'd be fun.
Not even that.
Just track scores, but, you know, battle people and stuff like that.
Buy hot pants for your character.
Hopefully, Konami would have at least fixed the memory card slot issue that was absent
in Supernova this morning.
Totions yelling link support in chat room.
Yes.
I hope they found a good work-around.
That's all I'm saying.
Let's see what else is being said in chat here.
GS68 says, Supernova 2 needs more original songs that aren't from other Bahmani.
Well, that too.
I mean, also like revival songs that weren't even, that haven't been revived in a long
time.
Like, you know, stuff, you know, like Radical Faith, for example, from Fifth Mix.
I don't even, it hasn't even been revived at all.
You know, stuff like that.
Kiki's in chat and says, I love Bahmani, Beatmania and DDR ruined my life.
Well, what do you expect?
Hey, it ruined my life too.
That's how I met Dark Sakura.
Hugs and kisses and bunnies.
Love you, Rob.
What?
She just made a little heart motion at me and broke it in half because she hates me.
Yes I do.
Let's see.
James Patrick says, DDR for 360 sold half a million or so.
DDR is pretty big.
What?
500?
Really?
Where's that sales figure come from?
I'll be damned if it reaches a million.
That's a lot.
And we don't even know when they're jumping.
I'm just worried about the day that Konami decides to jump on the PS3 and, you know,
for any future DDR mixes, obviously I don't see that happening now since they're going
to hold onto the PS2 as long as, as long as possible.
There's a big install phase backing it up.
All right.
Well, Zaku, we're going to let you go, but how far are you going to drive out to the
test of Supernova 2?
I don't know.
Maybe.
I don't even know if I, I don't even know if I have vacation time, but I'll probably
get, I'll probably get the videos, you know, eventually and I'll see.
And hopefully once, once Supernova 2 comes in the city, then I'll be able to decide for
myself.
All right.
Well, good luck with that.
Have fun.
Okay.
All right.
Later, dude.
Bye.
Ah, Zaku's hilarious.
He's got the best, best voice.
Yeah, this is Colin, talk about Supernova.
You wouldn't think someone with a voice like that is so freaking hardcore into the music
games.
You know, I've learned that people who are hardcore into the music games follow like
no rules.
When you hear somebody's crazy about it, you have no idea what they're going to be like
when you meet them.
No, I actually met Zaku in real life at the last OLR meetup in New York city.
He's, he's a good kid.
We just give him a hard time on the show because he's been listening for a long time and we
can.
Speaking of New York meetups, it does look like I'm going to be back in New York city
the week of June 9th.
That's all I'm saying for now.
I don't know any details yet, but just kind of keep that FYI.
June 9th, I'm looking to be back in New York city, which is good.
I love New York city.
Love it, love it, love it.
So hopefully there'll be some type of tournament or something going on where I can kind of
make a, make an appearance.
And so that way, you know, we're not flooding the Nintendo world store with people just
loitering in the lobby talking about games like we did last time.
All right.
Let's see.
The Rob Dean chat says Sky should come to ASEN with the other OLRites.
We'd love to do that if we had the money.
I don't think we can, but I think the lesbians are making an appearance, right?
Yeah, they'll be there.
They're going to ASEN.
So the OLR lesbians will be there.
So somebody from OLR will make an appearance.
I know we have a lot of fans going to ASEN, so look for them.
They're going to be passing out OLR flyers.
We'll be in front of me.
Oh yeah.
Hell, we should have announced that at the top of the show.
Remind me to announce that at the top of the show next week.
We did get confirmed for this year's FONOMAY.
We're going to be doing a live show from FONOMAY, the Saturday of FONOMAY at 2 p.m.
We only have one panel this year, not two, if I remember right, right?
We only have the one, which is fine because we didn't really need two last year.
Your panels were booked solid.
Yeah, so.
We're lucky to get a Saturday.
Yeah, that's awesome.
That's a good time.
So Saturday at two, we'll be there taping one of our shows live, and for that reason
we will not be live Memorial Day weekend because some folks will be staying at FONOMAY.
I have other commitments.
I'm going to be going to FONOMAY for like a day and a half, but then I have other commitments,
so we'll see.
All right.
I am actually, if things go well, I'm actually going to be hosting, well, co-hosting with
the rest, but probably emceeing for a movie, midnight movie thing going on in San Francisco
I'm very excited about because that's a thing I'm like really into is bad movies like Rocky
Horror and all that.
Excellent.
So, I guess that's going to do it for tonight's Skype line, and let's ask right now if there's
any last minute stories anyone in the studio would like to share.
Well, something interesting you should know.
The Dragon's Lair Blu-ray has finally made it out, I guess, and a review on IGN saying
that you can't play the game normally because of some error in the blue, was it the Blu-ray
Java or whatever, the BD Java.
It will only allow you to play the game in unlimited lives mode.
There used to be one for five lives option or whatever, but you can't do it, so ha.
Some other fun stuff, I don't know if anyone caught it this weekend, but they had the announcement
for Call of Duty 4, Modern Warfare, and it looks pretty fucking awesome, and of course
Tom Clancy's End War, which is supposed to be an online persistent war, you're basically
going to be able to command groups of troops and stuff and kill each other.
So, that's kind of neat, and let's see what else, oh, Lego Star Wars 2 and Saints Row
have joined the Platinum Collection, or Platinum Hits, I guess, on the 360, so now both of
those games are available for $29.99.
Oh, maybe I'll get Saints Row now, finally.
Saints Row is fucking awesome.
I know, I've been hearing so much good stuff about the game and I never bought it, so maybe
I will now.
There's a rumor that Dead or Alive and Disgaea are coming to the PS3.
That's kind of interesting, I guess.
I know it was a new Disgaea game coming out, I thought, or maybe that's called the stuff
that I'm thinking.
Let's see, what else do we have here?
I think that was pretty much it.
Yeah.
Alright.
Dark Sakura, you got anything?
Any last minute stories?
No.
Oh, alright.
I guess that does it then for tonight, so Warrior Bob, you got anything you'd like to
read about?
So the show I used to co-host, pressstart.thefighting.org.
Are they still on?
Yeah, they still are.
I've just left.
I Skype in now and again, but first I want to plug them second.
I want to make fun of the co-host, Justin, for not updating yet this week, so ha, that's
our news.
Also, 10th anniversary of Duke Nukem Forever being announced.
Ah, yes, that's right.
That's coming up, what, Friday, when they officially announced it?
Two days ago.
Oh, two days ago.
I think so.
Ah, yeah, we'll be seeing that game, I'm sure.
Didn't they say last year, like, for sure you will have this game by December 31st or,
you know, weird.
Oh, I think they said it'll be done when it's done.
They want to make a good game, and if it takes that long, it'll take that long.
I guess so.
This game better do my dishes, that's all I have to say, it better be that freaking
good.
I mean, they named it after the development time.
That was innovative, right?
I guess so.
Alright.
I guess that's it.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Here, Bob, thanks so much for being here, and I hope you enjoyed your first show.
The only guest who ever brought their own mic, that's pretty impressive, oh, wait, I
take that back, because I believe DDR Angel actually brought this mic when she came with
it.
So you're the second guest to ever bring their own mic.
Well, now that one's Dark Sakura's mic, and this one's still mine.
That's true.
She ended up giving hers away, and we haven't heard from her in a long time, I hope she's
doing well.
But yeah, you got your mic there, so anyway, thanks for being on the show.
Thank you for having me.
It's been a pleasure.
Awesome radio voice, chat loves you guys, chat room loves you and wants you to come
back.
I love chat.
Make sure you do come back soon.
Thank you very much.
No problem.
Final thought.
Oh, that was my final thought.
Thank you for having me.
All right.
There you go.
Good enough.
My final thought.
My final thought is garlic is delicious and keeps the vampires away.
Loki, your final thought.
Apparently Blizzard's going to be announcing a new next-gen MMO and Starcraft 2 as well.
Wouldn't that be one and the same?
No, they're going to be two different games.
My final thought is I want to open a laser tag arena.
It costs money and I don't have money.
That's my new final thought is I want you to open a laser tag arena.
Me too.
Dark Sakura, last but certainly not least, your final thought.
Reject false icons.
It's been a while since you've had that as your final thought.
It's good to see it make a comeback.
Thank you guys so much for tuning into and supporting independent podcasting.
Without you guys, we would die.
Independent podcasts across the world would just turn out like that goat.
It's you guys that help support us.
If you like what you hear, all we ask is to tell two friends.
They don't even have to be friends.
Tell enemies about the program because then that's two more people that will listen to
us and help us grow and slowly we can take over the world.
If you have no friends or even if you do have friends and you just want to help us even
more, you can always leave us some kind words over on iTunes or Yahoo podcasts or podcast
alley or any of those sites that are like, hey, rate your favorite podcast because then
we'll put them higher on the listing and then more people will bother to look at it.
If you really, really like us and you can do it, you'll send us invitations to E3.
That's also a good idea.
On behalf of the whole crew here, have a great week.
We'll see you next time on Orange Lounge Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast program, visit our website at www.orangewoundradio.com.
See you next week.
