Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream
twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links
to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this weekís episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio on this April 15th, 2007.
Happy tax day to you and if youíre thinking, ìGosh, my taxes were long due.
Iím actually listening on the 19th, the 20th.î Thatís because youíve downloaded probably
our audio archive, also known as podcasting.
Well, Orange Lounge Radio, we tape here live on Sunday nights and roll out our show in
two parts.
Or, if you want to hear it even before itís on the podcast, you want to hear parts A and
B together, you can always listen to our syndicated run on allgames.com.
Monday nights at 6 oíclock Pacific, or actually 5.30, usually though they run late into 6
oíclock, so just kind of be listening around 5.30 Pacific Standard Time or 9 a.m. on Tuesdays
Pacific Time.
You can hear parts A and B back-to-back through our buddies at allgames.com.
Alright, letís give us some gaming news to talk about, so letís start it off.
We need our Death March to play, Rob.
Why?
We need playing.
Thatís all I got.
I thought for a moment you were going to play the Imperial March from Star Wars, so that
was kind of cool.
AnywayÖ
Unfortunately, I only have the one, no, I donít even have that.
I have this.
Okay, Death to PlayStation 3, the 20GB model is kaput.
It will no longer be offered to retailers for sale in North America, so sayeth Sony.
Basically, the consumer market said, ìWe like the 60GB one because the 20GB one just
completely blows my ass.î So, they are not putting any more effort into the 20, however,
I donít know if thatís going to make it all this special thing, so it lasted six months.
You own one of these, right?
Yes, I do.
And itís just as good as the fucking 60GB, because thereís nothing on the download
store to actually put on there, and itís not very easy to get videos on there.
And do I really need wireless internet when itís sitting less than two feet away from
a router?
Probably not.
It has a 60.
Well, Loki has a collectorís item now, because those 20GBs are going to be super rare now.
And do I need the fucking silver molding or whatever the fuck you want to call it on there?
A little pinstripe?
I donít know.
Now, thatís the rare one now, right?
Iím fucking awesome, yeah!
Suck that, folks!
Well.
Yeah, itís more like theyíre admitting that the 20GB is no longer available.
It hasnít been available for months now, but this was something that happened.
I want to say around January.
Well, since you all found out, you canít order one.
Itís nice that theyíre finally copping to that stuff.
Anyways, so some other fun stuff.
Letís see here.
Sony is trying to get in on the wireless, kind of handheld input devices, very similar
to the Wii now.
Not exactly copying the Wii, but itís a little similar to, say, the Power Glove.
They are patenting a handheld computer interactive device, which does look very similar to a
Power Glove, and itís supposed to have tactile feedback as well as being used for, I donít
know, games and stuff, virtual objects where you can pick stuff up and whatnot.
I donít know, I think it looks kind of cool.
And I donít really give a crap if itís a ripoff of Nintendo or whatever.
At this point, who cares?
Just make it, as long as it doesnít suck like the iToy did, Iím all for it.
So itís a glove?
Yeah, itís like a littleÖ
So like the Power Glove?
Itís so bad.
Itís not really like the Power Glove.
It looks like a glove that you put on and you have little finger spots and a spot for
your thumb.
And then thereís like, I donít know if itís something that will cause it to tighten up
or rumble or something, but supposedly allowing you to kind of almost feel objects and stuff.
So say, for example, I wanted to grab a virtual boob, I could do that and it would feel like
Iím grabbing a virtual boob.
So thatís what they needed to do with this.
Yeah.
Did you ever play with thatÖ What was that thing?
They had it at the E3 Outpost and it was at E3 in Kensha Hall.
The Novant Falcon?
Was that what it was called?
It sounds kind ofÖ It said the Novant Falcon wasnít a glove, it was this little ball.
That thing was awesome.
Yeah, but it would actually feel like there was one where you were knocking the pool balls
together and it actually felt like you were kind of knocking the pool balls together.
So it kind of sounds like that to me, like Sony ripped that off.
Well hereís what itís also going to allow you to do.
It says theyíre going to allow you to capture hand movements through use of an external
input device configured by the user, capturing other movements including the degree of bending
figures so you can flip off the thing and it will know that.
I think it would be kind of cool to be able to use that to wave at people in like home
and stuff.
It means for transmitting the captured hand movements to a device, blah, blah, blah, tactile
feedback and means for displaying graphic images associated with commands.
So yeah, itís basically going to be like VR gloves.
Hooray!
I have one thing to say about that.
What?
Itís so bad.
Anyhow, I donít know if this is bad or good or what, but the semi-official blog 3Speech
from Sony has talked about some upcoming Playstation 3 games.
Sounds like a lot of them are pegged for September.
ìThatís when weíll see Heavenly Sword, the ultra-responsive arena-based sword fighting
game, innovative dragon fighting game Lair, and the air-foot vehicle combat game Warhawk,
which is still looking likely to be released over the Playstation Network rather than the
shops.
First person shooter Killzone 2 should also surface in September as well as the first
Playstation 3 version of Ratchet and Clank.î Kind of interesting because you think about,
ìOkay, well, thatís about the time weíre supposed to get the real version of Playstation
Home as well and everything.î It almost sounds like Playstation 3 is just going to hold on
to everything until the next Christmas season.
All the more reason for Halo to come out in September.
Now, something to consider though is that 3Speech is a semi-official blog handled by
Sony Computer Entertainment Europe and Sony has confirmed that the only game on the list
that has a confirmed U.S. date is Lair.
Thatís set for July.
So the 3Speech blog may be talking about things from the Europeís perspective, but not necessarily
us.
Lair, I know thatís been talked about as a July title, same with Warhawk.
Warhawkís been a July title for a while, but then again, itís kind of morphed into
really different things than before, so who knows when thatís coming out.
I hope they donít wait that long because they donít have any exclusives between now
and September, if thatís the case.
Well, it should also be noted that 3Speech said something about BioShock on the Playstation
3, but that was actually taken down with a notice put up saying, ìThere is currently
no indication that BioShock will come out on the Playstation 3.î Oops, weíre talking
out of our ass.
Well, talk out of your ass, everything sounds like a, what was the quote from Clerks and
Oral Bow movement?
I really donít know.
Well, I have some good news, at least this is good for me.
They have announced LocoRoco for PS3.
I think thatís great because LocoRoco is pretty damn fun.
The tentative sale date is June 23, 2007 and there actually is a notice saying that the
Sony Europe site, I suppose, has already been up.
So Iím going to personally think of it as a rumor because it didnít really do all that
great in Japan on PSP, but if itís coming out over here, oh hell yeah, I love LocoRoco.
The game is just fucked up.
Of course, theyíre going to jump on an opportunity to actually have another game that uses the
6-axis.
It actually uses the 6-axis and use it well, I hope.
I donít know.
We can hope.
Hold our breath, maybe.
Kind of screwed other things up, but okie dokie.
Anyways, weíve got some stuff coming out this week.
Not a whole lot, not really a lot that you may be looking for, but itís coming out anyways.
So starting off on PlayStation 2, Raiden 3 is finally making its way out and thatís,
of course, the arcade shooter game.
Tokyo Extreme Racer Drift 2, and I know the first one really blew, hopefully this oneís
not so bad.
PC port of The Plan, and thatís coming to PlayStation 2 as well, didnít look very good.
Eureka!
7 Volume 2, the new wave, I believe thatís the new wave.
Anyways, Eureka!
7 Volume 2, RPG game, looks ok.
Red Star, that old claim game thatís been in development forever and now itís finally
making its way out in PlayStation 2.
On the PSP, we have Hollow Knights finally making its way out, as well as Pocket Pool,
that semi-porn billiards game, and letís see here, nothing on the 360 at all, so hooray.
Nothing on PlayStation 3, and letís see here, as far as PC stuff goes, a game called Tropics,
letís see here, Mission Blackhawk, and Mission Combat Force, and a game called Made Man,
which got horrible reviews.
Finally, on the Wii, weíve got Bust-a-Move Bash, a pretty neat puzzle game, but of course
the big stuffís going to be coming out on the DS, and weíve got Pokemon Diamond and
Pearl finally making its way out, as well as a Sudoku game, Tundoku.
Thatís it.
Alright, over in Japan, theyíre having these following releases, for April 19th on the
Wii, Super Paper Mario, they get their version of Super Paper Mario, Furu Park is coming
out as well, looks like a little skating game with little chibi characters, thatís also
coming out on the Wii.
I guess Tony Hawk maybe not as popular over there as Furu Park, at least not Furi Furi
Park, which is what I almost read.
Starting on the PlayStation 3, nothing really to note on the Xbox 360, PlayStation 2 still
getting a little bit of love, theyíre getting a game called Fate Stay Night, Rialta Nua
is coming out on April 19th, and theyíve got a special edition, its own memory card,
this is based on the Type-Moon Sukihime novel game that was released a couple years ago,
itís anime, manga, figurines, etc., etc., so some of you guys that really follow anime
are probably looking forward to that, so thatís coming out this week.
Also coming out, Oruan Coco Host Buu is coming out in Japan, thatís an anime, Oruan High
School Club something, little roses, and little girly men, yeah, itís a really fucked up
little anime.
Alright, well if you want the little fucked up game that goes with it, itís coming out
on the PlayStation 2 this week.
Also on the Nintendo DS, letís see, what are you getting over there, Gaouken Alice
Waku Waku Happy Friends, thatís coming out from Kidís Station on the DS this week, April
19th, that looks like another anime game, my birthday has a lot of fun stuff on it,
thatís all they get out there, Wi-Fi Tao Senkai No Dare Demo, you might think thatís
an accessory but itís not, oh itís Clubhouse Games, thatís what it is, itís the Japanese
version of Clubhouse Games, there you go.
Once I saw the box art I was like, hey thatís just Clubhouse Games, so they get that this
week on the DS, PSP, thereís your big releases this week, Final Fantasy Anniversary Edition
coming out in Japan this week, so check that out.
Thatís some pretty crazy stuff, now on the 20th for the UK we have Final Fantasy V Advance
for GBA, God of War 2 on PlayStation 2, we have Metal Gear Solid Portable Ops for PSP,
The Red Star, Iím actually really thinking Iím going to get that game, after playing
it at E3 a while back I thought it was pretty fun, Capcom Puzzle World on PSP, Cube on PSP,
Diddy Kong Racing DS, Free Running on PSP, Hard Rock Casino on PlayStation 2 and PSP,
Capcom US Navy Seals Fire Team Bravo 2 PSP, and Tony Hawkís Project 8 on PSP.
Sweet, anyways, back into the news here, of course weíve got some interesting stuff coming
out, of course one thing thatís been confirmed to be coming out, and Iím sure this is not
a surprise to anybody, but according to Red Octaneís site there was a response to I believe
an inquiry, and they were talking about PlayStation 3, and it says Guitar Hero 3, and Guitar Hero
3 is headed for the PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and the Wii, and itís supposed
to be coming out Fall 2007, so there you go, yet another release, and interesting, and
according to, apparently there was, itís been removed from the website as well, because
yeah, we didnít realize that there was another Guitar Hero game coming out this year, I mean
after all there are some, was it the 80ís edition coming out later this year, and who
knows what else theyíll throw in there, so not a big surprise.
Itís funny we havenít heard much on Guitar Hero 80ís edition besides that little tidbit
you found a couple weeks ago, itís weird, you would think we would have heard more about
it by now.
No.
You think they might push it back?
Yeah, I already know that, yeah.
Oh, okay, alright then, letís see, moving on, if youíre a fan of music games then youíd
probably like Ohndan as well, so we know hereís Elite Beat Agents, and Ohndan 2 is coming
out in Japan on May 17th is what the rumblings are saying, is that the gameís coming out
quite possibly that soon, some early song lists are leaking out there on the internet,
Shonen Heart, Bang Bang, I Believe, Real Life Real Heart, Zenryoku Shonen, Oh My Julia,
Go My Way, Popstar, and somebody actually, I think Shane made us watch this YouTube,
the artist is Hirai Ken, Popstar, itís one of the cheesiest songs Iíve ever heard in
my life, so, but itíll probably make for a fun song on Elite Beat Agents, or as they
know it in Japan, Ohndan, so, those of you import game fans are probably looking forward
to that one.
I actually think that I might definitely pick that one up, except I havenít picked up the
other one either, but anyway.
Well, now this makes me also particularly happy, excuse me, sorry, allergies, anyway,
there is a talk that there may be a second Parappa the Rapper, well, not second because
thereís only a second, but one sequel to Parappa the Rapper 2, Nana Oncha has been
quoted saying, weíre also working on the next in the series of our hit game for all
the family, and they said, yeah, that one, so theyíre apparently talking about Parappa.
Hmm, letís see, well, you know thereís some, a new Parappa sequel would be kind of cool,
one thing thatís not so cool, but, you know, once again, trying to milk something, Guinness
Book of World Records, they are releasing a video game edition, hooray, so youíre going
to have a book thatís going to have a bunch of gaming achievements in it, awesome.
Am I the only one thatís not excited about this, I think this is kind of retarded.
Iím not excited.
I thought this was with Twin Galaxies.
I would rather know about people who have like the worldís longest fingernails, and
you know, can bench press a car.
Exactly, someone that can eat glass or something like that, or like throw baby a mile or something
like that.
Genetic oddities, those are great.
Believe it or not, thatís a record, you know, but somebody thatís like, I have the high
score DDR, and you know thatís going to be in there.
Isnít that what leaderboards are for?
I thought this was what fucking Twin Galaxies is for.
Twin Galaxies has the fucking bizarre one though.
So, I donít know, itís kind of lame.
People are listening to all that Twin Galaxies drama on another program, I could give two
shits about video game high scores these days, I mean seriously.
I donít know, well whatever, there will be some people that are into that, hooray for
them.
Hopefully a lot more people are into this, because I know thereís a lot of people that
are excited about this game, itís called Trusty Bell, and theyíre getting a special
Xbox 360 pack in Japan for Trusty Bell.
Theyíre calling it something else different over here though, right?
Eternal Sonata.
Thank you, Eternal Sonata is what theyíre calling it over here, but in Japan itís Trusty
Bell, and theyíre getting a whole Xbox 360 pack that will come with the game, Trusty
Bell, and of course a controller and all that good stuff.
Obviously theyíre thinking this is one of those games like Blue Dragon that might push
some consoles, so they are bundling it all together.
Itís going to be fucking awesome since you canít save anything because thereís no memory
card and itís a core system.
Awesome!
You suck, Pete.
I didnít even catch that, thatís great.
Way to go, yeah with an RPG, Iím just going to play it all the way through in one sitting.
Thatís awesome.
Thatís awesome, I didnít even catch that, thereís no, oh my God, no hard drive and
no memory card.
Brilliant.
Good job.
Thatís lovely.
Well, what else is brilliant is Dark Sakura surfing the internet all week long at work
actually, thatís all she does.
No, but she finds her favorite websites and she comes on this program and shares them
with you in this little segment we call Dark Sakuraís Website of the Week.
And where should the boys and girls be pointing their browsers to this week, Dark Sakura?
The website of the week is ICanHasCheeseburger.com, which is like a Caturday site, I love it.
I visited the site, I didnít get it, I thought it was cute.
Itís ICanHasCheeseburger.com and cheeseburger is spelled C-H-E-E-Z-V-U-R-G-E-R, ICanHasCheeseburger.com.
The first one is a delightful little piece of a small dinosaur held by a string over
a kitten with the caption, ìDo not want.î Thereís also one of a, it looks like a chihuahua
wearing a dolphin wig, it says, ìI love scotch, here it goes down, down into my bellies.î
I was just like hooray, another cat site from Jamie.
And thereís dogs on here too, thereís a little puppy making his sad faces, ate all
the cheeseburger brownie face.
Dark Tetsuya is posting his favorite, Dark Tetsuya is posting from ICanHasCheeseburger
the entry on April 13th, ìPrincess in another castle, sorry.î I guess the cats are wearing
it.
Thereís one of a cat with a wiimote in his lap saying, ìI can please have a walk through.î
So, there you go.
ICanHasCheeseburger.com, what is it, ICanHasCheeseburgers, is that what it is?
ICanHasCheeseburger.com.
Alright, check it out boys and girls, the official Dark Sakura stamp of approval.
Some interesting stuff, if youíre looking to try some games out, thereís been some
demos that have come out on live recently, some that you might not be excited about,
some that are kind of cool, including Shrek the Third, which just came out, hooray.
Some that actually look kind of interesting and havenít gotten to play yet, Monster Madness
Battle for Suburbia is now out on Xbox Live and Lil Birdie is also telling me that Command
and Conquer 3 is supposed to be out on Tuesday, so that would be pretty awesome as well.
Look for it.
Also coming to Xbox Live Arcade, Prince of Persia, if a German rating site is to be believed,
sort of like we have the ESRB, they have the USK, and apparently they are looking at Prince
of Persia Classic, for the record it got a 12 plus years age rating.
But that would be, you know, since thereís new Prince of Persia, isnít there a new game
coming out somewhat soon, in the not too distant future?
Yeah, theyíre supposed to be doing what for like 360 or something.
So it would kind of make sense since, you know, they want to probably do this as a tie-in.
By the way, speaking of Prince of Persia, I was tipped off in chat, TigerClaw sent me
a PM and let me know that apparently the Prince of Persia movie weíve earlier spoken about
on this show now has a director attached, Michael Bay.
So as long as he doesnít screw up Transformers, I suppose weíll be looking forward to Prince
of Persia.
But if he does screw up Transformers, there will be hell to pay.
Brimstone and fire will rain down upon him.
Yes.
Fire and brimstone, two of my favorite, favorite things ever.
Speaking of fiery things, you know, dragons do a lot of fire and this isnít though about
a dragon.
So anyway, Panzer Dragoon, though, is going on to GameTap.
GameTap can do Saturn games, isnít that great?
But itís actually also in addition to Panzer Dragoon, we get Panzer Dragoonís V.I. heading
out.
Now, Iím sorry, as awesome as those are, we need Panzer Dragoon RPG.
Or as it was calledóGod, why canít IóBecause Panzer Dragoon Orta was theó
Itís a start, Jamie, Jesus.
I know, but the Panzer Dragoon RPG was just like fucking beautiful.
You know, I have that game on Saturn.
Here, have a cheeseburger.
I have that game.
You have a cheeseburger game?
No, bite my butt.
I have aóI actually do have BurgerTime.
Does that count?
Dude, BurgerTime is awesome.
They have BurgerTime on GameTap.
Thatís all you need.
But Panzer Dragoon RPG is just likeó
Ann, Ann, Ann, Ann, Ann, Super BurgerTime on GameTap.
I know.
I didnít even fucking know there was a Super BurgerTime until I logged into GameTap once
and I was like, they have Super BurgerTime?
What is this?
We have Sega Love now.
What is this?
Sega!
Sega and GameTap are kind of in bed together a little bit.
Good.
They can keep fucking all they want to as long as I reap the benefits.
All right, so be it.
You donít want to talk about that.
Do not want!
Exactly.
You might want, though, Halo 3 multiplayer beta.
Itís coming out now May 16th and will be live for three weeks, ending on June 6th.
To which the entire internet responded, ìThree weeks!
Win!î
The beta will contain three multiplayer maps of Valhalla High Ground and Snowbound, graphically
improved since the first multiplayer screenshots, and they will only be playable in matchmaking
only.
And letís see what else.
New guns, vehicles, gameplay features, including the mysterious X button, which, by the way,
has been spoiled, and itís just an equipment button.
So no magical shit, it just drops like a bubble shield or mine or something like that.
Who fucking cares?
Whatever.
Anyways, some other features, new grenade types, different classes of weapons, yadda
yadda yadda, wonderful.
So buy Crackdown if you havenít yet.
Well, I was going to share with you all a little bit about what the X button does in
the Halo 3 beta, but Loki kind of ruined it, so thank you, Loki, for being a bastard.
But if you didnít already hear, yeah, you get the bubble.
Itís all confirmed over on Bungie.net.
Just look for a post that Frankie made on April 13th.
Itís all right there.
It gives a little hints about whatís going on.
Thereís going to be a shield, the whole bubble shield thing, and whatever, trip mines.
Itís going to be interesting, itís going to add a whole new element to the game, but
they swear it will not be, like, something thatís, you know, exploitable.
You know, itís something thatís going to be limited, all that functionality.
So weíll see.
Lord knows I could use a shield when Iím playing Halo, because I get shot in the face
all the time when Iím playing Halo.
I donít like it.
Shot in the face is fun.
Not really.
Not if itís you.
Itís getting shot.
I donít get shot in the face.
But something, though, that is, I think, pretty neat is Pac-Man Versus is going to the Nintendo
DS by way of the Namco Museum.
Isnít that cool?
For anyone who doesnít know, Pac-Man Versus was a, it was like where you played on your
portable systems as the ghosts hunting down Pac-Man while you had your Pac-Man controller
playing on the main screen.
I thought it was the other way around.
I thought it was that the ghosts were split on the screen and then one person had Pac-Man
on the, or Game Boy Advance.
I never played it.
No, the ghosts were split on the screen, thatís right, and it was Pac-Man that was on the
Game Boy.
You know what I meant.
Pac-Man could see everything going on, but I thought it was funny because it was actually
really loud when people would play it at my house and be like, ìIs it fun?î
Was it fun?
Yeah, itís fun.
Itís pretty fun.
But itís going to be a, it has the multiplayer packed in as 20 bucks and also will include
Dig Dug 2, Xevious, Pac-Man, Mappy, Galaxian, Galaga, and Tower of Druaga.
Which a lot of those are shit games, but.
I love Xevious and Mappy and Galaxian.
Those games are cool, but Tower of Druaga, have you ever actually played it?
It sucks.
No, but I have a sticker for it.
Alright, well it sucks.
I want the Valkyrie game.
Actually I have the Valkyrie game on TurboGrafx.
But do you get to play Wi-Fi, like over the internet?
That would be kind of funny if you could play Pac-Man Versus on Wi-Fi.
Probably not.
Alright, well, weíre starting to get late into the show and we still have not done this
segment and I donít know, for some reason putting this segment after a story about the
Namco Arcade Collection seemed appropriate, so itís time to bring on the pain in our
FUs of the week.
Dark Sakura, whatís your bitch this week?
Um, I have a rash.
Thatís it.
Thatís it?
F you to your rash?
F you to my rash.
Where is your rash?
Is it in a private place?
Or is it a place where I can see it?
No questions asked.
Itís on my back.
On her back, okay.
Itís obviously an allergic reaction to something, because whenever I have a rash thatís an
allergic reaction, it gets bloody.
Ew.
So yeah, Iím going to the dermatologist, hopefully next week.
Thatíll be fun.
Lucky!
God, I had an FU earlier.
I donít know.
Iíve got nothing.
Iím really pissed off at.
Iím hungry.
F you to hunger?
Yeah.
F you to world hunger?
No, itís my hunger.
Iím going to say I also F you toÖ F you to the fact that I ate all that pocky, thatís
going to make me fat.
F you to the freaking aquarium that IÖ if you listen to the bonus segment live tonight
or on all games that doesnít go to podcasts, youíre going to be talking about my aquarium
I bought, and it killed one of my fish, so F you to the filter on the aquarium that killed
my fish not even eight hours after I bought it.
Bastard filter.
Bastard aquarium.
Bastard meme for probably buying the wrong type of fish for it, but the guy at PetSmart
said it would work.
So F you to PetSmart.
Thatís it.
Those were nice short FUs this week.
Yes.
Good times.
Weíll open up the Skype line very soon, but we have one more story here from Loki.
Yes, and this kind of ties into something we were making fun of last week or joking
around about.
I donít even remember what the hell the conversation was, but apparently there is a girly putting
up or putting on makeup game.
So itís called Cosmetic Paradise, and itís a makeup adventure game, and you live in the
magical land of cosmetics and must undergo a trial before becoming a queen.
Their heroine must help the townís ladies when they want to confess their love to boys.
Help comes in the form of makeup.
It says in-game currency is used to purchase goods at a cosmetic store.
The heroine is even able to consult with the shop staff.
There are mini games which a would-be queen can win currency to buy makeup.
The Wi-Fi connection can be enabled so that items can be exchanged with friends and players
and so you can do each otherís makeup.
I want this game because it sounds so stupid.
Come on Dark Sakura, get the makeup game and play with me.
We can do each otherís makeup.
This is one of the strangest attempts to get that girl gamer demographic that no one seems
to get.
I donít know, Dark Sakura, will this make you want to play video games?
The makeup game?
You can visit the world of Katwa and Cosmetica?
What if you could do the gothic Lolita thing with the makeup?
That would be awesome.
If I could play Be Gothic Lolita the game, then I would definitely do that.
Thatís great.
In chat, theyíre asking who died, Zach or Kelly, because my two fish were named Zach
and Kelly because my aquarium is named Bayside.
Kelly died.
Kelly was the fat one.
She got sucked right up in the filter, so I fear for Zach because Zach was kind of scrawny,
so heís the littler fish.
I get sucked up and just shop right back out again.
I know, Iím kind of worried about that, but he wonít be alive by the time I get back
from LA.
Either heíll get sucked into the filter tonight or X4 wonít feed him.
One of the two will happen.
Well, you can leave the fish in there and heíll just eat the other fish.
I get you a miniature koi.
Weíll see.
Letís get Rob a piranha.
Thatíd be cool.
Letís see.
The Rob D says, ìOf course, if this is Japanese made, this will sell like hotcakes in Japan.î
Talking about the makeup game.
Gaming Nerd says, ìThis sounds like a sky game, LOL.î
What, because Iím gay?
Dude, I donít do makeup and stuff.
Thatís gay.
Rocky, Rocky, Rocky, Rocky, Rocky, Rocky, Rocky, Rocky.
Thatís different.
Thatís theater.
I donít even really do makeup at Rocky.
Letís see, Gaming Nerd also goes on to say, ìMakeup games sell more copies than even
GTA.
Oh my God, video games are no longer violent.î
Interesting.
Hi, we can hear you.
Letís see.
Bandit in chat says, ìAs long as Saved by the Bell is never remade again, then we all
win.î There we go.
Zach liked fatties.
Yeah, I like to smoke them.
All right, letís open up the Skype line.
If you would like to call our little program and chat with us, we have a lot of time tonight.
We have extra time.
We should have done a game tonight.
I donít have anything prepped though.
Oh well.
Weíll take extra calls, I guess, if thereís folks that actually want to call us.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio or you can always call us on the regular telephone
as well.
Thatís 1-877-GAME-OLR, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
You can ask us about any of the news we talked about tonight or if you have a comment or
whatever.
Or you know what, you can just ask us anything tonight.
We have a lot of extra time.
Who cares?
Itís potpourri night here on the phones.
Hi, youíre on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Whoís this?
Good evening.
This is DMN.
Hi, DMN.
Whatís up?
Iím calling about one of your stories at the top of the show regarding Nintendo and
their shortages of Wiiís.
Yes.
I actually think that Nintendo, to try to put a marketing spin on the Wii to improve
the demand for it, is purposefully holding back those Wiiís.
So theyíre purposefully holding back, you think?
I do.
The big talk around wherever I am is whereís the Wiiís, whereís the Wiiís.
Nintendo is trying to create that spin so when they come out, people will want to get
them even more.
Is that right?
What is your opinion on that?
Is that right?
I think itís stupid.
They should be having those readily available to the public because if they want to win
that console war, they need to sell more systems, especially financially.
They need to sell two systems for every one of Sonyís PS3 and they need to sell three
systems to every two, I believe, for the Xbox 360.
Yeah, but thatís not necessarily true because theyíre making a profit off each system whereas
everybody else is in the hole when they sell systems.
That is true.
Owned by Loki.
And also with the release of Super Paper Mario, which has been a highly anticipated title,
Iím surprised Nintendo has released this game and Wiiís are still not readily available.
I donít know.
I would think that thereís no point to making a shortage now.
You donít hear about people going on shopping crazes during the spring or the summer.
I donít know.
Usually you hear this kind of stuff around Christmas, but even then it would be stupid
to do it around Christmas because then thatís when you make your most money.
So I donít get the point of a forced shortage.
I just donít understand it.
Maybe I donít know enough about economics.
My economics teacher from high school needs to call in and explain this to me.
What?
Thatís just my two cents on the matter.
Anything else?
Whatís up on STFU this week?
We didnít have a show last week and the week before I wasnít on so everybody has to suffer
because Iím back this week.
Congrats.
What are you giggling about?
Why are there giggling girls over there?
I forget Safeword.
I donít get it.
Bondage!
Oh.
Oh.
I thought I was thinking Safeword.
Itís a couple of cats wrapped up in cords and it says, ìI forget Safeword.î
Yeah.
Hi, John.
Hi, Jamie.
No, that was Rice Princess that just tipped in here to say hi.
Oh, hi Irene.
Sheís running out of the room crying.
All right.
I better go call her and talk to her then.
Oh, really now?
Gotta go.
Bye.
You so just got caught.
All right.
Letís take another call.
Hi, youíre on Orange
Jersey.
Youíre always going on trips to some DDR tournament somewhere.
What was going on at the end of the break?
Was there a tourney or something?
No.
A massive mid-Atlantic meetup and a pretty large in-the-group tournament as well.
But yeah, just word of 2DX and whatnot.
But yeah, I donít get why Activision does wonderful things to your 360, case in point,
breaking it with that new Guitar Hero 2 patch that just came out.
So basically, if you want theóI mean, I donít get it.
If you want the whammy bar fixed, youíre going to have to go through an arm and a leg
and what, almost $100 more just to get your 360 repaired after breaking.
I am afraid to play Guitar Hero 2 again.
Luckily, I wonít have to for a week.
So maybe itíll give time for this whole thing to get resolved because Iím going to be gone
for a while.
But Iím afraid to play Guitar Hero 2 because if my 360 breaks, Iím going to be so mad
because I know when I call Microsoft, like now they want you to pay to get it fixed.
Iím going to go off the deep end on some poor customer service rep who doesnít deserve
it.
Think about it, Ryan.
Yeah, I understand that.
But you know itís like 9 out of every 10 Xbox 360s got bricked after the update?
What?
Thatís a staggering number.
9 out of every 10?
Yeah, thatís bullshit.
Yeah, somebodyís pointed that out here.
A 90% break rate though.
It says something about a 90% break rate.
A 90% break rate?
Come on.
If that were happeningó
I know.
No, but only for the people who actually downloaded, who have Guitar Hero 2, which is probably
notó
I know.
No, thatís notó
It doesnít represent the entire user base at all.
But thereís likeó
Yeah, thatís bullshit.
Iím telling you, those leaderboards for Guitar Hero 2 have like hundreds of thousands of
people on them right now.
That game is selling like crazy.
I know that youíre not supposed to judge sales of a game based on a leaderboard, but
you kind of can.
You kind of can.
But think about it.
Donít you think it was a rush job to get Guitar Hero 2 to the 360 in the first place?
Oh, Iím sure it was.
Or was it way long into development, even before the release of the first one?
I want to know.
I mean, of theó
How the fuck does a calibration-changing patch break one 360, let alone 10% or whatever the
actual number is?
1%, whatever.
How does it break one 360?
I had no idea.
All I know is that no matteróI mean, it could happen anytime.
Itís completely unrelated.
Itís basically like death.
Itís like the odds of dying in a car accident.
You know, theyíre much higher than actually dying of terrorism.
What?
Okay, shut up.
Knock it off.
Listen.
Hereís why this crap is going on.
Because people are fucking stupid when it comes to this shit.
Thatís why you get people saying, ìOh, 90% of the consoles are breaking afteróî No,
itís because people are ill-informed and because their system crashes after this update.
Thatís why I have a little 360-form, so you canít blame me for that.
No, it might be that your system died.
All right?
You can put it on the 360-forms from other people who are experiencing the same issue.
Yeah, but one personó
And they shell out hundreds of dollars to replace it.
Yeah, but one person has their system crash and then another person is like, ìWell, why
did this crash since day two?
It must be because of Guitar Hero.î And then other people, ìOh, my friendís system crashed
too.î I dropped my Xbox 360 in the bathtub and now itís broken and itís all because
of Guitar Hero.
Well, thatís besides the point.
I just want to take a bath in my 360.
Non-Microsoft, I donít get how a non-Microsoft update can actually break a 360.
I donít either.
Thatís the first time.
I mean, thatís the first time I heard of that.
I heard of Microsoft doing that to other unlucky ones and thatís why Iím worried.
Iím holding off on the 360 because of that, because of the fact that any update can break
my system and I have to shell out hundreds of dollars just to get it replaced.
Itís not even worth the time and effort.
Well, people are saying that their fucking system is still breaking after theyíve uninstalled
the update and when theyíre going into the dashboard, which wouldnít even be running
the game at all and wouldnít have anything to do with the fucking update.
So itís not related and people are retarded.
This conversation is giving me a migraine.
Oh, well, I think weíll leave it at that.
All right, Zaku.
Thanks for the call and hope Guitar Hero 2 doesnít kill your family, okay?
All right.
All right.
Take care.
The Guitar Hero 2 patch is giving kids heroin and itís killing grandmas across the nation.
Hi, youíre on Orange Launch Radio.
Whoís this?
Hey, whatís up, guys?
Hi, whatís on your mind?
Whoís this?
This is the Rob D. Why are you dodging me and hold them?
Hello, the Rob D. Iím not dodging you and hold them.
I understand.
I understand.
You guys play on a bad night, God.
Play on like a Monday night.
Nothing happens on Monday.
Oh, fuck.
Heroes is back next week.
Never mind.
Actually, as a college student, weeknights would be worse, but either way, thatís not
what I call them.
All right.
Whatís on your mind?
Well, I know you guys talked about the Guitar Hero pricing earlier on, the downloadable
content.
What to you would be a better solution, the iTunes model of buying one song a piece or
actually whatís the more egregious offense, the three-song packs or the cost per song,
which to me is also pretty bad?
One of those songs ended up, but they ended up costing $2 a song, right?
About $2.10 per piece, per song.
Okay.
I think it should just be, they should be priced, I think DDR, even though thereís
a whole another can of worms there because of the fact that the songs were already on
the disk and people were mad about that, but that aside, I think the pricing scheme over
there was somewhat fair.
It was, what, 100 points a song, so it worked out to be, what, $1.25 or something?
So it was 100 points a song, and then if you bought like a pack of 10, you got a discount,
so it only ended up being like a dollar a song.
I like that.
Yeah.
A dollar per song would be fine with me, especially if you could pick which song you can download
because I donít want to download every Guitar Hero song.
Right, and same thing with DDR is that, you know what, maybe I donít want Candy because
Candyís been in every freaking DDR game lately, so maybe I want to skip that one, but I have
that option, or I could just download the Mega Pack and itís kind of included.
It depends how many of the songs I want, but hereís the other difference between the DDR
packs is that not only are they cheaper because itís $1.25 a song, but they are new songs
mostly to the series.
About, letís say, three quarters of them are new, right?
Yeah, I think paying that much and the fact that it adds up to like $98 if you would buy
all the songs theoretically from Guitar Hero 1, or I donít remember how much, I think
it was about $90, then thatís ridiculous.
What do you think?
Do you think Red Octane is going to change their tune?
Do you think theyíre going to listen to all this rabble, rabble, rabble going on on the
internet or do you think, you know, hey, if some suckerís going to buy it, letís keep
cranking it out?
If enough people buy them, not a chance.
So if you feel strongly that this is wrong, donít buy it.
Exactly, and honestly, I think maybe even $2 for a song as long as I can pick each song
individually.
I think that might even be fine because, you know, then I donít have to download every
song.
But if theyíre going to put them in three packs, no way.
I might be okay with that because at least, even with the $2, you know, at least Guitar
Hero songs are kind of long.
You know, DDR songs are short, theyíre like, what, a minute and a half, a minute and 45,
so you could use that argument that, you know, Guitar Hero songs are like the full songs
so they could be more.
I would, youíre right, Iíd almost be okay with that as long as I could pick the individual
song.
But none of this packs stuff.
I donít like that.
Yeah, I think itís almost a double offense in their case.
Another game I want to play, though, is the Phoenix Ride, or not the Phoenix Ride game,
the Harvey Birdman game.
I think thatís a perfect license for Capcom.
Yeah, do you think theyíre going to kind of model it after Phoenix Ride or what do
you think itís going to be like?
I donít think they could avoid it, honestly.
I think that theyíd be almost remiss not to do that.
Objection!
I guess weíll see.
Iíll take the case.
Do you think Phoenix Ride is popular enough that enough people would get it, like thereíd
be enough cross-interest between the two franchises, Phoenix Ride and Harvey Birdman?
Maybe itíd be almost better because it would introduce people to that style of play.
I guess thatís true.
All right, well, RobÖ
It depends how theyíll do it.
Rob D., anything else on your mind?
No, thatís about it.
Iíll let you guys take some more calls.
All right, sounds good.
Iíll give your podcast a cheap plug over on AllGames.com.
You do this show called This Day in Gaming, right?
Five times a week?
Yeah, itís a lot of fun.
All right.
Monday to Friday.
Itís so much fun.
All right.
Yeah, thanks a lot.
See you guys later.
No problem.
See you.
Letís go to another call.
Weíll take this call here.
Hi, you are on Orange Launch Radio.
Whoís this?
Itís Raven Stoffman!
Ah!
What do you want?
Iím sorry.
Iím just so excited tonight.
Why is that?
Because you picked up my call.
Well, here you are.
You get in almost every week you call.
Very rare do you not seem to get in.
We have to be ultra busy.
Surprisingly enough, even though I say we have all this time for calls tonight, thereís
not a lot of folks calling in.
So, here you go.
The phones are dead except for you right now.
I think weíve got all the other calls.
So, whatís on your mind?
Whatís on my mind?
Yeah.
Oh, what was?
Okay.
Sam and Max is on my mind, Culture Shock and all the rest.
This last season is coming out this month and Iím so sad.
Have you been playing Sam and Max?
I didnít realize youíve been playing Sam and Max.
Oh, Iíve been playing Sam and Max since it first came out.
How is it for those folks that havenít really been playing the series?
Why should we be looking over at that series and getting into that game?
Dude, you should be playing this game because itís kind of like a text adventure and you
go around places and the characters are so lovable.
If Sam is so funny, weíll go like, ìHoly fish, based on a dance talker.
Weíre on it, chief.î And he will hang up the phones like, ìWhatís wrong, sap?
We have to sabotage the president.
Heís doing something wrong.î And it has like funny dialogue.
And you go around places and you ask questions and you click on things, itís a text adventure
game.
I know you say youíre sad because the series is ending and I think weíve all heard, you
know, the last episode for now is coming out.
But donít you think that the series has been popular enough that we havenít seen the end
of it yet?
I think season two has got to be imminent, but I donít know when.
Well, I guess thatís true and the question is could it come out for Xbox Live?
Oh, I hope so.
Iím heavily addicted to this game now.
Would you play through it again if it came out on Xbox Live or Wii or anything like that?
I think I would, but it wouldnít be enjoyable unless they had like something new in it.
Anything else youíve been playing this week?
Did you talk about Phoenix Wright?
My computer overheated if you talked about it.
We did mention at the end of part A in our last caller just mentioned Phoenix Wright.
Are you a Phoenix Wright fan?
Oh my God, I was just running around just screaming my head off going like, ìItís
Phoenix Wright 3!
Theyíre finally going to bring it out!î I was like, ìHoly shit, I hope it comes out
soon because after Akaku Sabin 2, aka Phoenix Wright, Justice for All,î Iíve been just
going just itching for another one.
Are you afraid that Phoenix Wright might jump the shark because it seems like theyíre
really starting to crank these out?
Oh no, I want this as fast as possible.
If it comes out tomorrow, Iím there.
The Rob Dís in chat says, ìI could envision Ravenstaufen seeing the news, getting up screaming
and running around.î Do you have a video on YouTube of this?
I should.
Thatís what you should do.
I should just go, ìOh my God, itís Phoenix Wright!î I should put it in the alt key.
Exactly.
All right, anything else on your mind, Ravenstaufen?
One more thing, as usual.
I did listen to your show last week on my cell phone through the Skype line.
Through the Skype line or through that other service?
No, no, no, all live through the Skype line.
Did somebody patch the show into you or something?
No, no.
I actually did something ingenious if you have time.
Just give me one minute to tell me, to tell you.
Okay.
You got me curious, what is up?
Okay.
My phone has three weekends, so what I did is I called my cell phone and Rob D showed
me how to input the sound card just through the thing, through the computer, and that
works great and I can hear you.
While I was traveling out of town, I could hear the whole show through the phone.
So, you had your computer sound running on Skype and then you called your own computer.
No, I called my cell phone.
Oh, you called your cell phone on Skype.
Oh, my gosh.
Wow, that's hardcore, Ravenstaufen.
He had the audio out from his computer going into the in on his cell phone and had it automatically
pick up.
I think I get it now.
Mm-hmm.
But that's pretty hardcore.
You're pretty hardcore.
A big nerd.
Yeah, a big nerd.
Hey, I have to get my OLR fixed.
Well, thank you.
You're taking us to compliment.
But you're crazy.
You do know this.
I know this, but that's okay.
All right, Ravenstaufen, we've got to let you go.
Take more calls.
That is fine.
Bye.
Enjoy.
Hopefully, they'll put up a new cell tower in your area or something to accommodate for
all the calls they're making.
Okay.
All right.
Let's go to another call.
Hi, you are on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hello, all you happy people.
Hey, I can barely hear you.
Get a little closer to your mic.
Try again.
Hello, all you happy people.
Hey, who's this?
This is Dark Knight.
Hey, Dark Knight.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Nothing much.
Just hearing so much about 360 bricks and whatnot just make me not convinced to still
not get one.
So you are not a 360 owner right now, right?
I am not a next gen owner at all.
At all.
You're still in the ancient times.
Well, not really.
I mean, PS2's still got a lot of love going for it with God of War and everything.
The other two systems are pretty much dead, though.
Do you play handhelds at all?
I still own a DS.
It's the only thing I got.
DS is probably the most popular system out there right now, so there you go.
Do you want to get an Xbox 360 for some of the games that are on it?
Thinking about it a while back, but like I said, hearing the brick situation and everything
just makes me cut and change my mind every time.
It is very discouraging to read on the internet about all these people bricked.
I always said, oh, you always read about the poor suckers on the internet who have to send
their consoles back.
You always kind of go, oh, that won't happen to me.
Then it did happen to me, and I remember ranting about it on the show.
I got a brick 360 back in February.
My first 360 bricked after like a week.
I was so pissed.
It's weird that it hasn't really damaged Microsoft's reputation, you know what I mean?
Especially now they want to charge you their beer.
What's that?
I mean, it's still Bill Gates' company.
As long as the name is still attached to that company, they look at it as like, oh, Bill
Gates got this name.
There ain't nothing wrong with it.
Yet the darn thing is still bricked, I don't know.
It happens a lot.
Well, I don't know.
I'd like to think it's not related to the patch, but it is a little weird.
People don't just show up out of the woodwork, suddenly a handful of people all have their
consoles go kaput at the same time because of Guitar Hero.
But I would think that Microsoft has this stuff trended, and if something's going on,
you're going to hear something about it on Monday.
I think this is just as bad as going to a foreign community like Fantasy Star University
and hearing people say, my room got hacked, my room got hacked, my room got hacked, every
20 minutes.
Speaking of which, you're still following Fantasy Star Universe, right?
Yes.
What news is going on over there?
Because I kind of abandoned the game, but I know it's still going strong.
What's up with Fantasy Star Universe?
Right now, it's leveled off.
Not much hacking going on anymore, just basically money problems in the game and whatnot, plus
they updated the lobby again recently.
Have they added a lot of new quests or things to do once you've visited all the planets
and do all those basic quests?
Yes, we're doing S2 missions now.
Most people now are hanging out at the high payout ones and whatnot, like some areas where
they get a higher payout than other areas and whatnot.
What else then?
We've got new clothes and whatnot and bonus drops, that's all.
Sounds pretty cool.
All right, Wayne.
Yes?
Then all of a sudden, of course, being that the expansion is coming around the corner.
Oh, that's right.
There's that expansion pack coming out.
When's that supposed to be released?
Japan is going to get it first, of course, but everybody is saying that the US might
see it in December.
I guess that's better than never.
Yes.
I'm definitely waiting on that to find out.
So far, from what inside information I got from one of the chat regulars here, it looks
pretty interesting with the expansion.
Well, spread the gospel of OLR throughout Phantasy Star Universe for us.
Make it so.
We don't have enough time to play it ourselves.
I'm doing it enough times as it is.
All right.
We appreciate it.
All right.
Thanks so much for the call.
We've got to take some more calls, but have a great night.
No problem.
You too.
All right.
Thank you so much for the call and in chat seeming to echo the sentiments of Dark Knight
on the phone.
Oh, man.
I'm scared of buying Guitar Hero 2 now that I've heard of crashes.
I'd be a little scared too.
Hi.
You're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hi.
My name's Billy.
Hi, Billy.
How old are you, Billy?
I'm eight.
You're eight, huh?
And what are you doing listening to this program?
My daddy said I could.
Your daddy said you could, huh?
Are we babysitting you tonight, Billy?
Yeah.
What kind of video games do you play, Billy?
The Mario one.
You play the Mario one?
Well, there's like 50,000 Mario games, Billy.
Which Mario game is your favorite?
The one on the Wii.
The one on the Wii?
You play Super Paper Mario or do you play the rip-off virtual console games?
I don't know what the virtual console is.
You don't know what a virtual console is?
No.
Okay.
Well, what did you want to call in and share with us tonight, Billy?
My daddy broke his Xbox 360 with a guitar hero thing.
It didn't work and he threw it out the window and I don't know what to do.
Did he throw the Xbox 360 out the window or did he throw the guitar out the window?
I think the Xbox.
He threw the entire Xbox out the window?
Yeah.
Did he hit any of your friends or any small animals when he did it?
I think he hit a kitten.
Really?
Yeah.
There was a flat sound.
That's sad.
Nobody likes a flat pussy.
I don't know what to ask this kid.
So why are you calling us to tell us your dad is throwing things at the neighborhood
animals?
Shouldn't you call the cops if it's that concerning?
Well, I thought since you're babysitting me that you could help me.
What do you want us to do to help?
Loki, they think it's you calling him, by the way, but you're right here, right?
I'm not calling him.
He's right here.
He's right there.
My voice does not sound like that.
My dad, my daddy, thinks Loki's stupid.
Why is Loki stupid?
Because my daddy loves Max.
Your daddy loves men?
No, Max.
Oh, Max.
Oh, your daddy loves Max.
Okay.
No.
That's true.
My daddy said that.
No, my daddy is not like you, Sky.
Oh, okay.
Oh, you know what that is at eight years old.
I see.
You're very perceptive for eight.
Are you a Mensa member, Billy?
No.
What's a Mensa?
Don't worry.
It's nothing.
It's a club for smart people.
It's nothing like Menzies.
That's all you need to know.
So what else are we going to ask this kid about?
Oh, don't even go there, Dark Soccer.
So well, since we're babysitting-
Baby's cool.
What?
Dark Soccer is cool.
Actually if you meet her-
Well, that-
She's a real bitch, but-
That definitely certifies that he's not in Mensa.
Hey!
I'm great.
Okay.
Let's see.
I guess since we're babysitting you tonight, what would you like us to do to entertain
you?
Can we watch The Lion King?
Sure you can.
Yes.
We'll watch Lion King through the magic of radio.
I will actually sing Lion King songs for you here on the show.
It's the circle of life.
I'm scared.
I think I'm going to hang up now.
All right.
You do that.
Okay.
Bye.
All right.
Thank you.
Bye.
Which number of callers was that crank calling us?
Do you think that was DMN or-
I can't say.
They blocked the number, so I can't see the phone number.
So whatever kid that was knew how to block their phone.
You know who that was, DarkSakura?
You're a jerk.
Was it you, DarkSakura, somehow calling us through his magic-
Excuse me.
I was here with the microphone set down looking at fucking Caturday pictures.
Telepathy.
Hi.
You're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Uh-oh.
Call dropped.
Try again.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
You can always call us on Skype.
Our username is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Misty in chat says, God, were we this desperate for a Skype call?
I suppose yes, because now we finally broke in an hour, so I guess we can end the segment
now.
DidYouLoseASock says, Who was it?
That was funny.
Let's see.
GS191 says, I think it's one of the lesbians.
GamingNerd says, Sky loves swearing to eight-year-olds.
Misty says, If we're this hard up for a phone call, I could fucking call in and bitch a
bitch about that makeup.
Well, maybe you should, but we have another call coming in, so let's take it.
Hi.
You're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
It's Zappi.
Hey, our match game champion.
Zappi, what's on your mind?
Well, since you brought Pop Pury up, you brought this upon yourself.
How awesome was Doctor Who this week, Jamie?
It would be nice if people would stop fucking rubbing it into my face.
What happened?
Because I haven't been able to get a single one of the five downloads I've tried to work.
Oh, I didn't have no idea.
I didn't really mean to be an asshole.
No, it's okay.
Well, you should send her the link that you used to see the show.
No, it's My Computer's Dying.
Aww.
The Vio is dying, and I hear audio is what I get.
Do you want me to find it and burn it into a DVD for you?
I do not burn it into a Divix or X-video format.
I need MPEGs.
I don't know how to do that.
I don't want it burned as a DVD-playing file.
I want it as just data without extra crap on it.
I think I can do that.
I don't know.
Okay, MPEG.
MPEG is the winner.
I'll try.
All right.
Did you at least get to see last week's?
No, I didn't.
Oh, you're behind on the whole season.
Yes.
But think of it.
You'll get to have a whole marathon day.
Oh, I can see anger rising here in the Orange Lawns radio room.
Good job, Zappi, getting us all mad.
No, I'm just kidding.
What games have you been playing this week, Zappi?
Not since I broke my PSP and I've been too busy to play anything else.
You broke your PSP?
Yeah.
How'd you do that?
I dropped my laptop on the screen.
Ouch.
So, what, you have a cracked screen now and you can't even see anything?
I got a new one, but then I botched the repair.
Oh, that's great.
What were you playing on the PSP before you smashed it into a million pieces?
Call of Duty and Ratchet and Clank.
A lot of people give the PSP a hard time.
I actually like it.
What games do you think that people are overlooking that they should be playing on the PSP?
There's obviously Medal of Honor, but I don't think that's been overlooked.
There's a...
Let's name that stealth game.
It completely slipped my mind.
Not Metal Gear Solid, but...
Subsistence?
No.
Oh, wait.
No, duh.
Is that what?
Acid?
What was the other Metal Gear one?
It's not Metal Gear.
It's the number one that's on the PlayStation platform.
It starts with an S. A Cyclone Filter.
Oh, okay.
That's a pretty good one.
Cool.
Also, there's Daxter.
That's good.
All right.
There's some good...
Are you looking forward to Rondo of Blood?
Uh, no.
I'm not really...
Rondo of Blood!
Two people in chat room did agree with Metal Gear Portable Ops being a must-own game,
so there you go.
And why is he giving us the mandatory Rondo of Blood?
So there you go.
All right.
Well, Zappy, thank you so much for the phone call and for angering my lovely co-host, Dark
Sakura.
I do my best.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
All right.
Bye-bye.
See, he should have to send you an MPEG DVD or whatever it is you want.
He should do that for you.
Honestly, I don't have a problem with really any format.
It's just that my laptop, for some reason, chokes up on...
I don't know what's wrong, because Dan took out one of my sticks of memory, because he
had put in an extra gig in my laptop, and then he took it out when he was rebuilding
his laptop.
And so since then, I've actually had a problem with the Divix stuff, so...
All right.
One more call.
Hi.
You're on Orange Lawn.
I'll show you.
Who's this?
This is DJ Kibbles and Bits.
Hey!
DJ Kibbles and Bits and Bits and Bits.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Nothing much, man.
This is my first time calling.
I've been actually a long-time listener the past two years now, so I really don't have
time.
I've never actually gotten on, so it's my first time actually getting on to a live show,
so...
Wow.
Congratulations.
Jeez.
You've been listening for three years, and you've never gotten on the show.
Well, there you go.
What the hell?
Our line doesn't get hammered that much.
Well, that's all right.
Well, I'm glad you made it on the program.
What did you want to talk to us about tonight?
Well, you know how everybody's bitching about how Nintendo...
How Nintendo's delaying shipments of Wii's and all that other good stuff.
Of course, yeah.
Well, I just wanted to raise a good point that at the end of the day, you really can't
blame Nintendo for a lot of the shipments that are going down, like all the supply issues,
because if anything, there's one company that you need to look at and blame everything on,
whether it's Nintendo, whether it's Microsoft, whether it's Sony, regarding to all these
delays.
That's IBM.
I'm not sure if you guys know this, but IBM is really the main supplier for the chipsets
for all three of the next-gen systems, and because of their chips that is all based on
the PowerPC model, in effect, they're all kind of borrowing from one another, and all
the chipsets are all coming from out of the same factory, and so in a way, any of the
shipment problems that you hear about or whatever, it's all based on the fact that IBM can't
get out enough chips, and it happened before with, but I'm not sure if you know that
Apple, Apple uses PowerPC chips as well.
That's why they switched from the PowerPC to the Intel chips, and Apple was like, well,
fuck you guys.
You can't get enough supply, so we're going to move on to Intel, and now you kind of see
the problem happening with these video game consoles as well.
You know, that's an interesting point, because a lot of us are very quick to blame the game
companies for all the shortages, but sometimes we forget that there's all these components
that go into the system, and for instance, isn't that what caused the massive Xbox 360
delays previously, was that there was like a component?
I don't think at that time it was the IBM chip, but I noticed one of these systems got
so slowed down, because the factory couldn't produce enough of it, unless it was 360 last
year.
It was the PlayStation 3, and it was the Blu-ray diode, but it's not really IBM's fault
either.
It's the fact that Nintendo's retarded, and it only has one factory building these
fucking systems, instead of like four factories, or even more building systems.
That's why you don't have any shortages with 360s or PlayStation 3s or anything like that
right now, despite the fact that their chips may still come from IBM.
It's because they're retarded still, and they only have one factory producing them, despite
the fact that most of the components in it were stuff that was in the GameCube, and that
they should have tons of, and should be really easy to manufacture.
Yeah, but one-
That's a good point.
Yeah, that's a good point.
I mean, Nintendo definitely should up their ante as far as getting enough factories out
there to make these damn systems, but I mean, at the same time, though, you do have to look
at the fact that the chips, the actual PowerPC chip that IBM is making for the three consoles,
you kind of have to look at it this way.
IBM only has one factory, too, so in a sense, it's like, hmm, who do you really look at
in this situation?
All in all, it's a really fucked up situation when you're looking at the whole overall picture.
There's no winners.
The rumor is that they're supposed to be looking at adding another factory to build Wiis, because
Microsoft's now cut off one of the factories that they had for the 360, so they're just
going to pretty much switch from making 360s into Wiis, because it's all third-party factories
anyways.
So that's the rumor, at least.
Hopefully that's actually the case, and they're not actually just sandbagging all this stuff
until Christmas.
Well, we could only hope, man.
You know what, though?
Do you have your Wii, DJ Kibbles and Bitch?
Yeah.
Shit, I got that shit the first day it came out, so I'm all set.
Exactly.
You know what?
That's my thoughts now, is that, you know, fuck all y'all who waited too long to get
the system.
You know what?
Who cares if there are shortages?
It's your fault for waiting too damn long to buy the thing, so you can just sit there
and wait.
But you know what?
I agree.
You know what's fucked up about the whole thing, though, is that now, you know, with
this whole, like, hey, we're giving away free stuff until June, well, it sucks to be you
if you can't get a Wii before June, then you don't get a console, you know, you don't get
the free internet browser or whatever, you know?
It would suck.
Yeah, you know, I mean, at the same time, though, when you are an early adopter, you
do kind of get fucked over later on in the case of, like, the 360 Elite bullshit that's
going down.
True.
Or the Red Rings of Death.
We did get to play our systems a year in advance, but, you know, look at the other end of things
too.
So, whatever, it's a catch-22 at the end of the day.
Yeah, but they still haven't given me a real reason why I need 120 gigs of hard drive space
on my 360.
Until they sell porn.
Good point.
Oh, God, please let it be their big E3 announcement this year.
HD porn!
Oh, my God, sales of 360 would go through the roof, seriously, they would whoop the
Wii's ass.
I mean, I think about, you know, dads across America going to buy a system for their children.
Would they want to buy, hey, I'm going to buy the system that my kid can play and have
fun with, or I'm going to buy the system that gives me porn in high death!
Porn wins, always.
Well, Viance, PlayZ3 makes that the easiest, since you can put, like, video files on there
pretty simple.
Baby formula, or wow epic mount?
Baby formula, wow epic mount, I just can't choose.
DJ Kibbles N Bits, really good first call, really good point.
Anything else you wanted to get out before we hang up?
Oh, no, that's it, man, that's it.
It's a pleasure, it's a pleasure.
Well, no problem, thanks so much for calling, any time, call back.
All right, take care, guys.
Later!
All right, well, that was a good Skype line tonight, lots of people we got to hear from
there, and of course our chat room going along there, let's see, I think they're talking
about Doctor Who now.
Dark Sakura, is there a Doctor Who debate?
Ignoring.
Ignoring?
I see.
I don't think everyone's posting spoilers, but...
Exterminate!
Legend of Zaku says, remember this lesson in life, when trying to get a Wii, there will
always be at least 10 diehard fanboys and profiteers in front of you at any given store
that sells it.
eBay profiteers.
Have a special place in hell waiting for them.
All right, any last minute stories, boys and girls, before we finish up this program?
Yes, but Loki can go first.
All right.
Okay.
Anyways, I'm going to talk about a few things real quick.
One, there was a rumor that Phantom Hourglass, the Zelda game for the DS, was going to have
voice chat.
Not true.
Let's see here.
Dark Alex has released the custom firmware 3.30 OE, so that's available now.
So that's pretty awesome.
Get the run homebrew and the latest games.
There's a rumor that Dragon Ball Online, Xbox 360 edition is coming, and I don't know, I
guess they're basing that off of a posting for job opening on Game Job, and I don't know,
that's kind of interesting I guess.
Ben Heck created a Playstation 3 controller, looks like a 360 controller, don't care.
Virtual consoles for Monday, apparently the rumor is Virtua Fighter 2, Punch-Out, Bonk's
Revenge.
So that would be kind of neat for the US.
Where's my Actraiser?
Well it doesn't matter, I'm out of town next week.
There's a new game coming to the Playstation Network that looks exactly like, I cannot
remember the damn name, it's on the 360, whatever, what do you think?
What that game is?
Yeah, it's that one that we've played before.
I don't know.
No, it looks like another fucking game that was on the 360.
Boom Boom Rocket?
It's not Boom Boom Rocket.
Geometry Wars?
I don't know.
No, not Geometry Wars, the other one.
Like, Mutant Storm Reloaded, that's what it was.
Is that in Mutant Storm Reloaded?
Yeah, it looks exactly like Mutant Storm Reloaded.
For more Dragon Ball Z stuff, there's Dragon Ball Z Source, for the Half-Life engine, who
cares, and, oh, this is stupid, Red PS3 sells for $12,100 on eBay.
Makes me want to paint.
Was it spray painted red?
Yes, it was, more or less.
People are retarded.
And then the one that I'm most excited about, Vigilante 8 is rumored to be coming to Xbox
Live Arcade, and I loved this game when it was on the Playstation.
So I hope that is true.
Alright.
Well, here is something that was actually linked to me by our good friend, Brad, from
PodCulture.
Yay, Brad.
This is, it's not really news, but it's something that's really cool.
It's from Tech Blog, sorry, I should say Tech e-blog, I should say.
The top ten strangest custom gaming systems.
Number ten is the Cliccovision Portable, the NES station, which is basically a Nintendo
don't have to look like a PS2, just a mod.
There's the N-Pod, which is a, it runs NES games, it's interesting, it actually looks
kind of cool, I want one.
There's the portable Sega CDX, which actually looks like someone just chopped up a nomad,
and then attached a CD player to it.
The GameCube ToGo, which, yeah, whatever, that one's kind of bizarre, but neat at the
same time.
The NES Plus Sega, that's a machine that plays Genesis and NES games.
The handheld Atari Jaguar, next!
Only good game on that was Tempest.
Sega Genesis Mega Drive Mini, yeah, whatever.
Dreamcast Portable, that's kind of cool, and PlayStation 2 Portable.
I had a friend, though, who built a portable Atari 2600.
He brought it over, it worked, it was pretty cool, I think that this is cool, I still want
a game axe.
A what?
A game axe.
What the hell is that?
Let me find a picture of it.
It's another handheld, chopped up system.
But there's no time!
That was it!
We're out of stories!
We're out of steam!
We're out of time!
So that's it, we're going to go around and get everybody's final thought.
Was that your last story?
I'm sorry.
Okay, I'm trying to pull up the thing, it's a portable NES player.
End game gear.
And stuff.
Anyway.
Rob!
Rob.
Let's go around and get everyone's...
Rob.
What?
Rob.
I will kill you.
Can I have a cheeseburger, please?
That's it, let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
Next week's show, by the way, will be very interesting.
What's that?
Tuesday.
Yeah?
I have class.
No pump on the volume.
There may not be guys on a show Wednesday, because of my trips, so it's going to be a
very quiet week on Orange Laundrio, but at least you have new STFU, new Travis Donovan
live this week.
And I'm going to learn how to rub people a different way.
Interesting.
Yeah.
Alright.
Also, next week's show should be very interesting, because Dark Soccer and I will be at Disneyland
Friday, Saturday, Sunday, or not Sunday, we're coming back on Sunday, but we are driving
Thursday.
On Sunday.
Yeah, anyway.
Too confusing.
So we'll be pulling into town just when the show's about to start, so next week could
very well be the Loki show, with hilarious commentary from Dark Soccer and Sky, so won't
that be fun, Loki?
Yeah.
Still think Loki should come with us.
I know.
I wish Loki would come with us.
Don't you want to ride a teacup, Loki?
No.
You make me sad.
Don't you want to ride a, you know, Rockin' California Screamin'?
No.
Alright.
I know.
He's so boring.
He just wants to stay home and have sex with his wife.
Guess I can't say I blame him.
Play games.
Alright.
Let's go ahead and get everybody's final thought.
Loki, your final thought.
Once I finish with Earth Defense Force 2017, I'm going to be playing Earth Defense Force
2 on Blade Season 2.
Dark Soccer, your final thought.
I have the best wallpaper ever, and I just posted links to it in the chatroom.
My final thought is penguins.
And fuck my aquarium for killing Kelly Kapowski.
You're a dick.
That's it.
Thank you guys so much for tuning into and supporting independent podcasting.
You guys are awesome for sitting through the entirety three hours of our program every
week.
You guys are what motivates us to do Orange Launch Radio here every week for free.
If you would be so kind as to tell two of your friends about Orange Launch Radio, we
really appreciate it.
Or you can always leave us a review in iTunes or Yahoo podcasts or dig our show, because
all that shit helps too.
We really appreciate it.
Have a great week.
We'll see you next time on Orange Launch Radio.
