Welcome to the Giggling Lesbian Gaming Show, with your hosts, Chris and Megsy.
Man, she gotta be a lesbian.
She is not a lesbian.
All I know is that I can play.
Gather up your pillows, make up, ice cream sundaes, and Xboxes, it's time for the show
to begin.
Hi, and welcome to the Giggling Lesbian Game Show.
How is everybody out there in radio land tonight?
I'm your host, the ever always lesbian Chris.
And with me forever, of course, is my beautiful, wonderful, lovey-dovey, little, wonderful
girlfriend, Megsy, with the size C cup.
Say hi, baby.
Hi, everyone.
And of course, always with me is my cream-filled Jamie, how is my sweetheart?
I'm an angst cookie, as usual.
Anx cookie?
Not any good clit-loving, honey?
No, just a stupid man.
I'm sorry.
Boys are bad.
Sad face.
Sad face.
And of course, always we have to introduce our special guest, Roberta Roberts.
Sweetheart, give me a kiss.
Hi, baby.
How are you doing?
My gosh, did your breasts get bigger?
You are so hot, honey.
I love you.
They have gotten a little bit bigger.
I've been using this cream on them, but I digress.
Are you okay?
Gosh, Roberta.
Dead or alive.
Dead or alive.
Dead or alive.
I know.
Boobies.
Boobies.
But first, we have to talk about our gaming week, sweetheart.
So first of all, I'll go first.
My gaming week was, of course, I had to be playing WoW, and I only play my Blood Elf because
she does the sexy dance when I do this thing with her.
You do the dance thing.
I played a guy Blood Elf.
Those guys are so gay.
I mean, really.
If you're playing a guy Blood Elf, of course you're doing it for the make out.
Not that there's anything wrong with being gay.
Of course not.
Of course not.
It's only wrong when you're a man.
Of course.
Because penises are gross.
Oh, no.
Roberta, be nice.
You've got some gay listeners.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Gosh.
I'm sorry about that.
The penis is okay if you're a boy.
So honey, sweetheart, baby.
Honey, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was fantastic.
I played Dead or Alive 4, and it was amazing.
It has really good graphics.
Please.
Please.
Jamie, Creamy, how was your baby?
I was playing some Marvel Ultimate Alliance because it's all about Ms. Marvel.
Ms. Marvel.
Wonder Woman.
Wonder Woman.
That's DC, you bitch.
Oh, I'm sorry.
And Spider Woman because of her...
It's okay, Roberta.
It's okay, baby.
Jamie makes me cry.
She is okay.
Touch my booby.
You need to wait until after the radio show.
Jamie, I'm sorry.
That's it.
I'm...
Come on, now.
Come on.
Jamie, I love you.
Let's go bake a pie and make it better.
Doesn't that sound like fun?
You're a whore.
Just because I slept with your ex-girlfriend doesn't make me a whore.
I can't make you a slut.
My God.
Roberta, you sound like Kersey Alley.
I'm sorry.
And all this talk with pies and stuff.
What the hell am I doing here anyways, by the way?
Look, I had to bring my ex-girlfriend Matilda on tonight and I realized she sounds like
a scary bull dyke man, but she eats really good pussy.
I don't know that, Jamie.
Not as good as me.
Not as good as my girlfriend.
And we must say that butch dykes are always welcome on this show.
By the way, how was your gaming week, Roberta?
Well, my gaming week was a lot of fun.
I played Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles on Xbox Live because I wanted to play a game with
a character whose month it is.
It's April.
It's April.
Get it?
Get it?
It was fun.
It was a lot of fun.
I played on Xbox Live, but some stupid boy called me a fag.
I don't like Xbox Live.
They're mean on Xbox Live, aren't they?
They just don't understand girls.
I'm going to go join PMS Clan.
I'm so upset.
They do do a lot of good work, that PMS Clan.
And April looked hot in that jumpsuit.
Ex-girlfriend, how was your gaming week?
Yes, when I'm totally not riding motorcycles or wearing flannel, I was playing lots of
Earth Defense Force 2017 because that game is fucking awesome.
Yeah, that's pretty much all I was playing this week because I was too busy lezzing out.
That was great.
Does anyone else have anything to contribute to their gaming week?
No.
Okay.
So we have to get to our first story, and the first story is Uno has sold one million
copies on Xbox Live Arcade.
Yay!
A million is a lot.
A million is really a lot, isn't it?
It's a bit a lot.
It's just below a trillion.
I didn't even know that there were a million people on Xbox Live because when I tried to
play Ninja Turtles on Xbox Live, I had to wait five minutes for that stupid boy to join.
Boys are so gross.
Boys are gross.
Boys are gross.
Stupid boys.
But yes, Uno has sold one million copies.
Now, I personally am not an Uno player, but I know some people are out there, and I just
don't work well with cards really.
Does anybody have an opinion about this?
I think that this is a travesty because Ms. Pac-Man, bless her heart, the ultimate diva
in gaming, is also available on Xbox Live, and why hasn't she sold a million copies?
I think all of us lesbians need to band together and make sure that we support Ms. Thing, Ms.
Pac-Man herself, and purchase it because she deserves to sell one billion copies.
Isn't that right, Matilda?
That is completely wrong.
I mean, after all, Ms. Pac-Man is horrible for, you know, cam-whoring yourself out.
What is wrong with you?
Why do you have to take out our relationship on this show?
We had something beautiful, Matilda.
Now, girls.
You're breaking my heart.
Girls, girls, let's stay on topic.
Stay on topic.
We all know what happens when you move in together.
It's gone in five seconds.
Well, it's not my fault.
The bitch brought a U-Haul on her second date like a typical lesbian.
You girls, if you're going to get this bad about it, you need to take it outside because
we're supposed to be talking about games.
Games for the rublies.
I'm sorry.
Yes, you should be sorry.
All right.
Now it's time for our favorite party.
Slumber party discussion.
Who do you think is the hottest chick in gaming?
I'm going to ask my girlfriend.
It's got to be Helena from Dead or Alive.
That's a tough choice.
Jamie, Cookie.
I'm going to go old school and say Samus Aran running around in the bikini.
Justin Bailey, Justin Bailey.
Really?
Okay.
Your ex-girlfriend?
You do realize that Samus' name is not Justin Bailey, by the way.
No, but see, this is why I know more about gaming than you because if you put in the
code, Justin Bailey in Metroid, then you get to see her in her hot little bra and panties,
the original 8-bit pinup doll.
Ooh.
I see.
Well, me personally.
I'm a little bit new, so I'll have to go with Aerith.
I just like that whole innocent-
You would.
I would.
She's so innocent.
Tifa could kick ass, though.
Tifa and Aerith were having sex, Jamie.
You know this from that.
No, no, no, no, because Tifa was having the relationship with Scarlet, hence the bitch
fight when they broke up.
This is going to be a long drawn-out conversation, and I don't want to have with you on the radio,
okay?
Fine, we'll take this outside.
Fine, we will take this outside, but first we have to go to another-
Okay.
Wait, wait.
My girl, I didn't say mine.
My favorite is Ivy from Soul Calibur.
She can wit me any time.
That girl is a slut.
Hey, so's Mack's girlfriend.
We don't talk about that.
Okay.
Next, there's an announcement that it is now 19 weeks since the release of Dead or Alive
Extreme 2, and there's still been no announcement of a sequel.
Boo.
Boo.
Calm's still run by boys.
Stupid boys.
Stupid boys.
Let's kill them.
Let's fuck them with something hard and sandpapery.
Anyway, next story.
You know what, though, though?
From our chat room, SSJ100Matt, we forgive you for certain things, but I have to say
did make a good point, but that's Mai from King of Fighters, the goddess of boobs.
Ooh.
Ooh, please.
Yeah.
That is a good point.
All right.
Touché.
All right.
Our next story, it's our final story.
I'm going to hand this over to my girlfriend because she's such a Kingdom Hearts fan.
Honey, baby, it's your turn.
Okay.
The extended ending and trailer for Kingdom Hearts 3 has been released with the final
mix video game.
I saw this, and there were no hot chicks in it.
It was sad.
I think that was supposed to be, though, wasn't that... It was the third person in the armor.
Wasn't it supposed to be, like-
That's me, baby.
Wasn't it supposed to be Kairi?
I hope not.
Kairi was a flex.
Maybe.
I hope it's Tyra Banks.
No, no, no, no.
I've got biz on me.
Not hot.
I think that's it.
And that's pretty much it for the Kingdom Hearts thing.
Anyway, does anybody have anything else to contribute to that?
No?
Well, I'm looking at our chat room, and the sexy stalker says something about a blue-haired
girl in it, but I don't know.
I couldn't really see the boobies.
Yeah, she wasn't very hot because I'm a breast kind of girl, and she didn't really have a
lot of boobage, so I'm really hoping that maybe if there's another trailer later on,
we might see a little bit more of that.
Maybe, maybe.
As a lesbian, I have to say I'm a little bit upset that Minnie hasn't gotten a lot more
press within the Kingdom Hearts, and I'm just upset.
She's oppressed by the man.
Exactly.
Mickey was holding that phallic keyblade, and I just think it's sad.
Anyway, that's my opinion on it.
Does anyone else have any things to contribute to that, ex-girlfriend?
Anything?
I have nothing.
All right, then.
Well, that was our last story, which means the show's over.
Oh, wait, wait.
We have an announcement.
Well, we hope you've enjoyed tonight's program.
If you haven't already figured out, we haven't really replaced Orange Lounge Radio or anything.
We're just having a little fun like lesbians do.
I mean, look at today's date.
Hello.
It's April 1st, 2007.
I know what that means.
Everybody say it with me.
April Fools!
I do not sound like this in normal life.
Me neither.
Yeah, in case any real lesbians are listening tonight, we hope you didn't get offended.
But the whole idea was inspired from a review I saw in our podcast once that said we were
nothing but a bunch of giggling lesbians lately.
So I thought, hey, let's give the people what they want.
And so Chris and Megsy were so kind to come here and be very stereotypical forms of their
usual selves and play along in tonight's April Fools!
joke.
So we hope you guys enjoyed it.
Except for Matt.
You sound like Chris Yalley.
I know.
What's up with that?
Well, I have no voice.
So.
All right.
Well, anyway, we're actually going to put this up as a special edition of our podcast,
just a quick little show.
So that way, if people don't really want to listen to the April Fools!
joke, they can skip right past it because it is a little silly, although we did do the
stories we talked about were legitimate.
There really was a Kingdom Hearts 3 thing at the end of Kingdom Hearts 2 and the whole
Uno thing.
Kingdom Hearts 3rd Strike or whatever they're going to call it.
Anyway, we're going to take a real quick musical break for those folks listening live, for
those on the podcast.
If you just downloaded this on April 1st in just a few hours, the real show will hit the
podcast feed.
And for those of you guys listening live, we're going to take a quick break and come
back with tonight's real show.
So thank you guys for putting up with us.
Hope we didn't drag it out too long.
Chris, you did a great job.
Especially like five minutes notice.
I'm so freaking scared.
All right.
But the good news is Chris and Megsy are going to join us for our regular show.
And give us a real down to earth, not the Playboy lesbian, you know, that's all fake
airbrush.
So we're going to see.
I'm going to hit you with a pillow.
All right.
So we'll be back after this.
What, with your dirty pillows?
We'll be back after a quick music break with the real Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
