Tonight, April 29th, 2007, Sony loses a well-known executive, the PlayStation is set to get an eye, is Tron on the way to Xbox Live Arcade?
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts.
Joining me as always, say hello to the one, the only, DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
I have pitas.
Pitas.
Yum.
You're eating a salad thingy from Quiznos?
From Quiznos.
I like it.
This show is indirectly sponsored by Quiznos and Diet Wild Cherry Pepsi.
Quiznos is pretty good stuff.
I like their salads.
I love the Food Network.
I would say Diet Wild Cherry.
I mean, it's not very wild if it's diet.
Yeah, but if you read the ingredients, it is pretty wild.
Sucralose and whatever else is in the...
What is that, aspartame or sucralose that sweetens that?
This would be aspartame.
You know what, no one really gives a shit.
Let's see, also joining us tonight, we have somebody brand new who's never been on this program before, and that's something else, because usually it's the same old freaking people in and out of here, like Grand Central Station.
O.L.R.
Listener
Probably two or more years ago, it was right before iTunes started giving everybody podcasts.
Right.
I just, I got an iPod, I wanted podcasts, I like radio, let's look for all the good radio shows.
Right, cool.
And then I just stopped listening to most of them, except this one.
Awesome.
Because I liked it.
Sucker.
Yeah.
Alright.
So that's a good time.
But now you're here, where were you living before?
So I was living in San Luis Obispo, going to college, but I'm originally from about an hour, maybe 40 minutes east of here.
Soundless Obispo is not that far from here.
It's about a four or five hour drive.
Five or six, depending on how you drive.
I'm a conservative.
Okay, cool.
But now you're here because you grew up in this area, so cool.
Well, very cool.
Yeah, it's a lot of fun.
Thank you for having me.
No problem.
We like having new people.
Especially guests that bring their own mics.
Yeah.
So that's kind of neat.
Let's see how this one would work.
This mic, this guy brought us more...
Well, I got Final Fantasy Advance 6 that Dan just bought for me that I haven't had a chance to play it yet.
Lots of Marvel Ultimate Alliance, but it turns out that we're actually going to be playing that more regularly on our new Xbox 360 Elite system.
I like it because it's black.
And I took a picture of it and put it on my MySpace.
Once you go black, you never go back.
Mm-hmm.
Anyway.
Unless you buy the replacement hard drive, which is white.
My hard drive, I also got a 500 gigabyte external hard drive.
Which is going to be loaded up with... Not porn.
Did you see that?
She totally was saying porn.
Not porn.
You can't see it if you're not in studio.
That wasn't even an intentional mistake.
At any rate... Yaoi is still porn, you do realize, right?
I'm not going to put Yaoi on it.
Yuri is still porn, you do realize, right?
I'm not going to put Yuri on it.
Okay.
I'm gonna put lots of, you know, doujinshi, though.
Quick side track, because we're talking about replacement hard drives now.
Loki, you're like a cracking type person.
Could she take, like, a 500 gigabyte hard drive and somehow get it on her Xbox 360?
Uh, no.
Do I want to?
Do I care?
Why not?
Extreme porn.
Because each drive has, like, a special...
Model Number, Serial Number, something.
They have a program that you can do it up to the max of 120, and it only works with one type of hard drive.
I see.
But you can save like $100 doing it that way.
Interesting.
Yeah, I'm telling you, Xbox, Microsoft, Major Nelson, all you people that have some power over at Microsoft, the key to winning the marketplace, the video download marketplace, even though from what I hear you guys are already number one for some type of delivery console.
But forget it.
If you want to be even better, 11 times better.
How about my gaming week?
Porn downloads.
Porn downloads.
What, your gaming week was porn downloads?
No, Rob, I wasn't finished.
Oh, all right, go ahead.
Um, I, um, found out from Heather that one of my birthday presents, which she got me, is a paid account for Guild Wars.
So I guess I'll be playing more Guild Wars.
I think she tricked you, because you know that Guild Wars, all you have to do is buy the game, and there's no... I know, but I only had a trial.
Ah, okay.
Like, I, because I never, you know, bothered buying it, she just gave me the trial and I played it.
Well, that's cool.
Yep.
So you're going to play, so Guild Wars will be what, like your seventh MMO you've actually played?
in 10 years, yeah.
Oh, okay.
Then again, I did spend, you know, at least the first seven of it on Ragnarok Online.
So.
All right.
Yeah.
Is that it?
Yes, Rob.
You sure?
You sure you're sure?
I thought I peed at you in a second.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
All I played was Grand Theft Auto Vice City Stories and Earth Defense Force 2017.
That was it.
That's it?
But I played lots of Earth Defense Force 2017.
I've finished...
Normal and easy.
Working through hard.
Playing some of the Inferno levels to get more weapons.
Although that hasn't been going too well.
And then... I don't know.
Pretty soon we're going to start playing some more Crackdown.
Because we're going to land two systems at work.
and get another copy of that and then that'll be fun so for some co-op and hopefully have a nice setup once Grand Theft Auto 4 comes out and since Saints Row just dropped in price we may pick up some of those to do some multiplayer maybe I swear the only place I've ever even heard of Earth Defense Force is through like podcasts like you I never had heard of this game anywhere on the internet or nothing I gotta get my PlayStation 2 back from my sister because I've got Earth Defense Force 2
Stored neatly on the hard drive.
But that game actually looks better than this one.
Because I think this is just a remake of the first one.
Is that game really good?
I want to buy it, but I don't know.
It's so cheesy and stupid, but it's fun.
Okay.
Okay.
Well, our chat room seems to think that it's a good game.
We have SSJ100Matt says, Earth Defense Force equals next-gen body harvest.
Deekman says, Earth Defense Force 2017 equals awesome.
DarkTetsuya says, is Loki on whoever's doing EDF's payroll?
D3?
No.
No, I'm not on their payroll.
If they want to send me some of the sequels or anything else that they're putting out in the Simple Series in the U.S., hell yeah, I'll take them.
They can thank you by translating more of them.
I mean, seriously, their next game that's coming out is about this chick that's in lingerie with a cowboy hat fighting zombies off with a samurai sword.
I mean... I want that game.
What was that sound?
Did somebody get a boner?
What was that noise?
No, I was trying to pick up the mic and hit the boner.
You got a boner?
Yes, Rob.
She's the only one in the room with a laptop on her lap.
It was just a badly timed clink noise.
Shut up, I'm eating my chicken.
Better Than Eating Your Fish.
I hope they do put out a sequel, though, because if they remake the second one, or even just do a new one that's, you know, got some better enemies in it and stuff, hell, you could just do the same damn storyline.
It doesn't matter, because there really is no storyline.
It's just blowing shit up.
That's it.
You can level the entire city and just come back to the next level, or if you play the level over again.
Can't they just have a game called Blow Shit Up?
They have a gun in there called the Genocide Gun.
Isn't that that Hulk game?
What?
No.
No, that was Ultimate Destruction.
They need a game called Blow Shit Up, the game.
Press A button, blow shit up.
I mean, it would sell trillions of copies.
WarioWare Genocide.
Well, that's pretty much Earth Defense Force.
I mean, because that's all you're doing.
Your mission is like, okay, we need to destroy the ants.
Okay, now we need to destroy the robots.
Okay, now we need to destroy the robots and the ants.
That's every level.
It's no rescuing, no nothing.
It's just...
We're in a different location.
Let's blow shit up.
We're in a different location.
Let's blow shit up.
Oh, there's a giant thing.
Blow it up.
You know, oh, we can't blow it up.
Run.
I mean, that's it.
You can, like I said, you can level everything.
Blaze says it's called Rampage, Rob.
I don't know.
Rampage is like one of the most monotonous fucking games ever made, though.
It's so boring.
I know, like, I realize a lot of people have this real fondness for the Rampage series because of the fact, you know, like, hee-hee, you can play monsters and eat people and stuff, but
Seriously, the gameplay is like the most monotonous freaking gameplay I've ever played.
And they keep cranking out sequels, as if I'm interested.
It's like SNK.
I love Metal Slug, shut up!
Alright, I like Samurai Shodown.
Anything else for your gaming week, Mr. Loki?
Vice City Stories, I'm still playing that, and it's still fun, multiplayer.
Gotta love it.
They better not make Grand Theft Auto 4 anything like Vice City Stories.
Because goddamn, the multiplayer is so fucking glitchy.
I was playing the other day, and my car wasn't visible.
It was visible on my screen, but everybody else just saw me sitting down and floating through the air.
That's pretty awesome, actually.
But like, it's ridiculous.
There's a bunch of stuff that we've just coined terms for, like lawn dart syndrome, where the car will just stick into the ground at a weird angle.
or like Fat Air where your kernel just stops like it hits something but there's nothing there.
Weird stuff.
We could write a book about this crap.
Alright, well I'm looking at that chat room at chat.orangelandreda.com.
Remember we do tape live on Sunday nights and solicit your feedback here in chat.
DDRDollarBill agrees with me.
Rampage is nice for the first 10 levels and after that ZZZZZ.
There's no ending.
True.
I played a game on Nintendo that was like that.
It was only interesting for two levels.
Mag Max.
Mad Max?
Mag Max.
Oh, Mag Max.
I thought you meant Mad Max, like the Mel Gibson Australia.
Okay.
Mag Max.
Mag Max.
I've never even heard of that.
It was a really crappy game that every time I'd go visit my dad in the summer, my little sister had it, and I'd get ripped into playing it, and I'd be like, wow, this game sucks.
There were some pretty god-awful NES games.
Actually, Mad Max was one, too.
Oh, man, my friend and I sat around for like two hours once playing Bible Stories.
You guys are hardcore.
We were trying to beat the level with the sheep, and we couldn't do it.
There's this game I rented once, and I still remember the name to this day.
Don't laugh, okay?
It was a Color Dreams game.
Let's start with that, okay?
and the Color Dreams game was called Master Chu and the Drunk Nerd Who.
And it's one of the most god-awful side-scroller games I've ever played in my entire freaking life.
I mean, there's a reason why Color Dreams was not allowed to use the regular NES shells, okay?
I remember one time when...
I don't remember how old I was when I rented one of the Color Dreams games.
I was like, I want to rent that because it's blue.
Not because it's good.
Not because, you know, I'm like, hey, it's a blue cartridge.
That might be cool.
I don't know.
Did you think, like, putting that in your Nintendo Entertainment System would somehow, like, unlock the secret mystery of the Pharaoh Tomb from your, like, having the blue cartridge?
No, I just, all that happened was it sucked really bad.
I don't even remember what game it was.
Some generic side-scroller that just looked like crap.
All right, anyway, sorry.
Back to the present.
But my favorite, though, about the Nintendo system is Ikari Warriors and stuff like that, and how the game would get dust on it and would glitch out.
And all you would do is put your fingers on there and get some more prints on there, and it'd glitch out different ways.
It's like, I don't know, a plethora of glitching out.
Like you were talking to the glitch.
Like, for example, like...
One of our characters, when we were playing two-player co-op, would be running under everything.
It wouldn't actually be running on the layer above where the enemies are, but you could throw stuff and shoot, but he was running under the world, almost.
You know what I used to like to do is on the Super Nintendo, I would stay up really late all night and pick game genie codes, and then edit them until I came out with interesting results.
Like, I ran around with, I called him Frog Mario, because he would screen.
Isn't that Luigi?
No, he was green in the face.
Okay.
Either that or he was like morning stars.
He was green in the face.
Hold your breath, Mario.
Keep holding it.
No, don't let up.
And like the pillar effect where the cloud pixels will just expand across the screen.
It was really weird.
All right.
Anything else for your Gaming Week, Loki?
Back to the present?
No.
All right.
I'll go, speaking of a game that hasn't really changed much in the past like 10 years, I bought Pokemon Pearl, I got suckered into buying Pokemon Pearl for the DS, because my friend Miklatov, he's been on the show plenty of times, you guys know who he is, he got Pokemon Diamond the day it came out, and he's like,
Rob, you want to get Pokemon Pearl, don't you?
Don't you want to get Pokemon Pearl?
Come on!
Come on!
It's got voice chat!
Come on!
We can play over the internet!
Come on!
So, of course, I succumbed and I got Pokemon Pearl.
And you can do voice chat over the internet, which is actually kind of cool.
It actually works pretty well.
But here's the thing is that Pokemon hasn't freaking changed since the old school Game Boy versions of it, like, what, 12 years ago, whenever the first ones came out?
Those games have not changed at all.
Like, okay, yeah, sure, in this DS one, now you have the little clock at the bottom and you can tap it and have, what, the step count meter and the, you know, thing that shows all your Pokemon at once, whatever.
But essentially the battle system is the same freaking thing.
And the Pokemon still make those, like, 8-bit noises that sound like, you know, instead of Pikachu going like, Pikachu, like he does in the cartoon, he goes, it's like the sounds they all make.
Right?
They all make these horrendous little blips and blops.
Well, sure, the TV is a huge screen, but to get the Pokemon to fit in the little handhelds, they have to just mash them in there.
I guess so.
There's no room for them.
You'd be angry, too, making that noise if you had to get stuck into a little handheld system.
That's what some of the Pokemon make.
They make these god-awful noises.
They're pissed about you sticking them in those balls.
They're just like, here, no air, no food, no water.
Now fight for me.
Come on, you little bitch.
What's wrong with you?
He said there, Shut up and fight.
You don't fight, you go back in the ball.
No ball, no ball.
Here's the thing, though, is that, you know, about Pokemon is that the Pokemon don't die.
Because no one dies in the Pokemon universe, they simply faint.
Okay.
Follow me with this, okay?
This is going to go on a weird tangent.
Okay.
But I'm seeing, you know, we could take bum fights and almost, you know...
Evolve it into Pokemon.
Because, I mean, if you think about it, you're basically capturing these, like, homeless creatures and shoving them into a ball.
That attack you in the wild.
Yeah, that attack you in the wild.
Stick them in a cardboard box.
All we need to do now is get cages for the homeless, you know, capture them, you gotta get them all, and get them to fight each other.
And then Nintendo can put it out and everybody be, you know, accepting of it.
Yeah, but the game will probably have friend codes or some shit that'll screw it up.
Alright, anyhow, but Pokemon, okay, yeah, even though it's essentially the same core game that it's been for the past 12 years, I don't know, something feels kind of fun about playing it on the DS, and it's, it's, it's fun.
I'm having a good time with it.
Why do they tack on, like, this weird, like, advanced stuff?
Like, for example, let's add voiceover IP chat to Pokemon.
Uh, why?
I mean, nobody's just, like, saying, uh...
I don't know, I'm going to add GPS to Metroid.
I mean, it's just, why do we need that?
That would actually be really cool.
Well, it's actually kind of cool because now I kind of use it as a phone, but it's kind of a pain to set it up because you basically have to be chatting with whoever you want to trade with or whatever on instant messenger.
Like, hey, sign on to the Wi-Fi now, and then I can go, okay, I'll sign on to the Wi-Fi as well.
And that's how you set it up.
I mean, you can't just go on to the Wi-Fi and blindly hope somebody's going to be on.
I mean, it's not like Xbox where you're always connected to,
Well, Nintendo doesn't want to make it easy.
Where's the fun in that?
These crap Pokemon for really good Pokemon, because I guess the Japanese folks who've had the game for a while kind of don't care.
And I don't know, I was reading some article on the internet that they want English names, like it's cool to have English names, I guess.
So if you want my Pokemon, because I named my Pokemon really dumb stuff, like I think I named my Bidoof, is that the name of the Pokemon?
I think I named him Muffins.
And I named them all cute things.
Muffins and Sparkles, I have one called Sparkles.
and FancyPants is one that my friend has.
So anyway, if that's really what's cool to have a Pokemon named Muffins, then go for it, I guess.
So, that's something I've been playing.
I've also been playing Pinball FX, which is a brand new Xbox Live Arcade download.
I haven't played it a lot, but it's Pinball on Xbox Live.
It's epic Pinball.
No, I mean, I don't know, I didn't really care for any of the tables, that was my problem with it, I didn't like the tables, but the physics and everything else of the game, I mean, is really good, and, you know, it's got a lot of, you can change all the views, and it definitely feels realistic, you know, multiplayer, and they definitely built it to be expandable, like, they're gonna have new tables for download later on, let's just see how much they're gonna charge us for them, hopefully it's not too bad, but...
We shall see.
I'll have more to say on Pinball FX in later weeks.
Otherwise, I've just been playing World of Warcraft a lot.
Because since I was gone pretty much all last week, I had Rest Bar for like a level and a half.
And it's Arathi Basin weekend, so I'm trying to get my new gear from Arathi Basin.
Nerd, nerd, nerd, nerd, nerd.
Hey, Warrior Bob, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was pitiful.
I was working a lot, so I tried to fit in games where I could.
Tried to play Frequency, but
That's on a blue PS2 CD, and my drive is dying and can't play those.
So I said, okay, that sucks, let's go play Sylphid.
I'd like to play Sylphid, oh, that's on a blue disc too.
So I said, okay, screw this.
So I went over to my new Commodore, and I tried to get the copy of Impossible Mission I was given to work.
That doesn't work either.
So I said, screw it, and went back to Guitar Hero.
So boring.
Wait, so you were going to get Impossible Mission on Commodore 64?
Yeah, so I bought a Commodore 64 a couple weeks ago.
That's right, you wrote in the email talking about how you went to the thing.
But you haven't gotten anything to work on it.
Well, I've gotten, oh, what game did I get to work on that?
I got The Hobbit to work on it, which is, well, it's a text adventure and I didn't really have the time to put in for one.
I wanted an action game, although I did go on GameTap.
I take it back.
I went on GameTap, which I downloaded on a whim recently and played that Commodore breakdancing game.
Break-in or whatever it's called.
Have you played that thing?
I did for a little bit.
Like Simon says, play DDR.
Yeah, it's like DDR on the Commodore 64 meets like Bust a Crap.
That's what that game was.
That game was so terrible.
Bust a Crap.
So bad.
But yeah, that was my gaming week.
Mostly Guitar Hero and yeah, Guitar Hero.
Alright, very cool.
All right, well, getting into some other stuff before we get into tonight's gaming news.
Just wanted to say sorry that we missed last week.
You know, Jamie and I were on vacation, and even before we went on vacation, I was out of town for most of the week.
So we were so behind on gaming news that it would have been kind of hard for us to do a show.
And we really actually didn't even get home from the trip until like 8 o'clock or 9 o'clock at night.
I don't remember, but it was really late when we got back.
But we do wanted to say a big, big thank you to OLR listener Peter.
at Disneyland for giving us the fat hookup while we were there because Peter's been listening to the show and knows that Jamie and I are a little bit of Disney freaks.
Yeah.
Yeah, so that was really cool of Peter to meet us there and give us the hookup and all that stuff.
So thanks, dude.
And I hope to see you again.
And we'll hopefully maybe in future weeks give the OLR listeners a little more warning when we're going to Disneyland next time and maybe do a little meetup there or something because that would be fun.
We could all ride pirates together.
Yo-ho, yo-ho
They have Jack Sparrow in it, which of course gives everybody this big fangasm.
I think it changed for the better.
There were two series of changes before this, I think.
They tried to make the write-all PC.
Oh, the politically correct version.
And then people bitched, so they tried to ease it through.
Like, I don't know, okay, do you remember where the glutton pirate was sitting down by the barrel, and this girl would come out of it and say, you know, he wanted the girl too, and she was hiding in the barrel behind him.
And then they changed it to something else, like she had something, and then now it's Jack Sparrow hiding in the barrel.
But I like at the end when he's there singing.
Oh yeah, I like that too, where they have Johnny Depp at the end singing or whatever.
I don't call him Jack Sparrow, I call him Johnny Depp, just because.
Yeah.
And you got to see the changes that they made to Haunted Mansion.
Yeah, I finally rode Haunted Mansion for the first time in like ten years.
You didn't get to see it with the old bride's attic.
No, it was so long ago when I rode it when I was eight.
Rob had to be escorted off the ride.
Yes, when I was eight years old, I had to be escorted off the ride because I screamed my head off because the beginning is so freaking scary to that ride.
There are no windows and no doors.
And I'm like...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Hmm.
Like seven days for the price of four at a discount.
Seven days.
Run the Tower of Terror, Space Mountain, Phantom Manor Which is a Disney version of the Haunted Mansion Which is actually cooler than ours And also they had Thunder Mountain Railroad And you can actually kind of run those I actually played the Phantom Manor one And that was kind of fun It looks very similar to like I guess what you would actually see if you were operating the ride By the way, all the rides go faster at night
Yeah, I was going to say, in this simulator, do the rides go faster at night?
That's what I want to know.
I don't think so.
That actually is our in-joke, but it's really true on a lot of the rides.
It's totally true.
The rides do go faster at night.
The teacups go really fast at night.
All right, look, we've got to save this for another podcast, so we need to get into some gaming news.
Since we did miss last week, Loki's going to fill us in on some of the gaming news that we missed last week since we didn't have a show.
Sorry, kids.
Okay.
Anyways, real quick.
There's a few things that were getting updated, a few systems.
For example, the 360 got another backwards compatibility update, including some wonderful games being added to it, like Mercenaries.
Let's see, I believe they also had Panzer Dragoon Orta in there.
Return to Castle Wolfenstein, I guess, is pretty cool.
And Street Fighter Anniversary Collection, Soul Calibur II.
and... let's see here.
Oh, this is kind of neat.
Guilty Gear Isuka.
So, lots of fun stuff there.
And, oh, Jet Set Radio Future.
How could I forget that?
So, Jet Set Radio Future and Sega GT are now both on the list, but the combo disc is not on the list.
Riddle me that one.
It might work, though.
No, it doesn't.
People tried it.
Oh, okay.
Well, then, that sucks.
Yeah.
Way to do your research, Loki.
It was on our own forums.
Just kidding.
Man.
Anyways, um, another thing, or another system that's getting an update, actually, the PlayStation 3, and they went to firmware 1.7, and that allows you now to be able to play PlayStation 1 games on the PlayStation 3, because there was all those PlayStation 1 games previously that were only available for the PSP, but you had to have a, you know, PS3 to download them, which is retarded in itself, but now you can actually use that to play those games, so, hooray.
Um,
Another thing that's possibly going to happen pretty soon here is Neo Geo games have been confirmed to be coming to the virtual console.
Originally, they thought the first couple games would be Metal Slug and King of Fighters, but right now it hasn't been determined yet what will be available and when.
But they are coming, so that's good.
And then, of course, this was also interesting, Konami...
has decided to close its Redwood City office and move everything to the LA offices.
So no more Northern California Gamers Day, unfortunately.
Which is kind of interesting because DarkSakura and I actually were at that Konami office for just a little bit last week on our way to Disneyland, which is the first time I'd actually been there.
It's in a really nice area, though.
That business complex area, it's with the river going through and everything.
They're probably having to move because rent's really big over there.
I wouldn't doubt it.
It's the Bay Area.
And then a couple more things I want to add here real quick.
Just real quick mentions, Typing of the Dead 2 has been announced.
Yes!
Using the House of the Dead 3 engine, so that's kind of exciting.
And then if you're a fan of Pac-Man, they're going to be holding the Xbox 360 Pac-Man World Championships, in which you'll be able to be crowned, I guess, the Pac-Man World Champion.
and receive a custom... Yippee!
Wait, here's the prizes.
You'll receive a custom Pac-Man 360, 100,000 Microsoft points, which on Kotaku they joke is good for a couple Guitar Hero 2 songs, and 26 years of one free Quiznos subs a week.
Okay, and then apparently... Wait, 26 years of a free Quiznos sub a week?
Yes.
Who knew Pac-Man was so wealthy?
Just like my dinner.
Are you going to enter the Pac-Man contest, DarkSakura?
Probably not.
I suck at Pac-Man.
If you're interested in joining, go to XboxLiveTournament.com to register.
That's it.
Alright, well thank you for the wrap-up on last week's news.
It is very much appreciated, since we were too lazy to do a show last week.
So, thank you.
Alright, now let's go ahead and get into some gaming news from this week.
Making things current.
and this week's news, I was awesome, as usual.
No, really.
April fools!
Hey, Rob, shut up.
It's almost May.
Seriously.
Well, in response to the demand for...
The Wii, Nintendo has promised to increase production so that they can meet the demand that's out there for it.
They said that they were producing 1 million units per month and are going to be increasing their manufacturing capacity so they can ship 14 million in the next fiscal year.
So yeah.
Wii!
So now you might actually be able to find one, correct?
Well, so far to date, 5.84 million Wii units have been sold so far.
Dang.
Which, actually, didn't they say that by the new year they were going to have 4 million out?
I don't remember.
Too many numbers with these sales things, and then they always change, especially over at the Sony camp.
It was like, we're going to have a million out by the end of the year.
We're going to eat crayons.
Shipped.
Shipped.
Yeah, shipped.
No, no, we meant shipped.
Shipped.
Do we say by the end of the year?
We meant by the end of April.
We meant ten boxes put together in the shape of a ship.
We said year, we meant fiscal year.
We said year, we meant fiscal year.
The new year doesn't start until we say it does.
We use the lunar calendar.
So I can't follow all this stupid, you know, goals and sales stuff.
I just find it very odd that they're just now announcing that they need to ramp up production, seeing as we've been sold out of the Wii for months now, and it's just very convenient that it happened after their fiscal year ended and all that stuff, and now there's Wiis available?
Not like that they were stockpiling them or anything?
Hmm, yeah.
I'm sure they're ramping up production.
Yep, that's really what's going on.
Conspiracy theories abound here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Well, one thing that's also a conspiracy is where the hell are the games?
I mean, we had Super Paper Mario came out recently, and, um, well, Kororimpa, I guess?
No, there was WarioWare and Wii Play.
Like four months ago, but what's come out in like the past month?
Not a lot.
Wii Play, I'm sure, didn't take much to, you know,
E3 Tech Demos
45 of them are in development for the Wii, 79 in development for the DS.
And you might be going, well, you know, why is the DS getting all the love?
Well, because there's like, what, like 20 million DSs out there?
So obviously, you know, it's a very big platform to be developing for.
And of course, 45 games just being developed, not being released this year.
Well, who knows, because here's a short list of some of the games being developed.
Super Smash Bros.
Brawl, The Legend of Zelda on the DS, Phantom Hourglass, Chibi Robo Park Patrol on the DS, Super Mario Galaxy on the Wii, Metroid and all that fun stuff.
Project Hammer and all those other crappy games.
Or Six Sight Truck 2.
All those games you just mentioned were big A-list titles.
I mean, how many other A-list titles are there?
I don't know.
That's what I was going to say because Nintendo is known for only putting out one, two really big name games a year.
So yeah, they've got 40 games in development for the Wii for the next four years.
But also that's them that they have in development too.
All those games are what Nintendo has in-house developing.
Mario Party 8 and so on and so on.
But outside, that's not counting what Konami's got in development, what Capcom's got in development and the third party stuff.
So hopefully they keep some good stuff coming too.
Cooking Mama 2 Revenge of the Horrible Translation Stop porting DS games to the Wii It's just like stop porting Game Boy Advance games to the DS Next thing you know we'll have Game Boy Advance games coming to the Wii Sephiroth 1215 in our chatroom chat.orangeonsradio.com reminds us of another story that came up this week I don't think it was on our show roll but Hideo Kojima played Super Smash Bros.
Brawl and apparently it's nearly done
According to, I think, some podcast where there was an interview with Kojima, he's actually played it, and it's just about done.
I remember reading something about he was afraid to punch Mario because, like, you know, Mario's such a legend.
I've lost all respect for him.
I know, seriously.
It's a fucking game.
He makes freaking Metal Gear games, you know, shoot people in the face, and then it's like, oh, but I can't punch Mario.
I can't punch a fat plumber.
Yeah.
I think it was one of those where he hesitates for a minute and he says, oh, no, I just can't punch Mario.
Five seconds later, die, you little plummy.
I'm sure he's embellishing a little bit.
He's like, yeah, you know, oh, I hesitated for a second because I couldn't punch him because, you know, I loved Mario growing up.
But then after I got past that, it was fucking on.
I owned the crap out of Iwata.
Our chat has some awesome ideas for Cooking Mama sequels.
TheRobD says, Cooking Mama 2, Mama teaches you poison.
and Sakuramax says, Cooking Mama 2, Cooking Drugs.
Mama's crack house.
Don't worry, Mama will fix it.
Mama will give you your fix.
Win.
Or even better, it's like Mama's son or whatever accidentally kills one of his friends or something.
Don't worry, Mama will fix it.
We're going to chop the body up and put it in the food.
We'll hide that.
No one will notice.
Anywho.
Turkey surprise.
So apparently Square Enix has said that there will not be any of their games coming to at least a Japanese virtual console.
At least that's what's kind of hinted.
Lies!
I think so too.
They're saying that we feel the Japanese market still requires physical media.
Also Final Fantasy Dragon Quest are played by a wide range of users from children to adults.
So limitations when you consider a problem that we would have with billing systems.
Actraiser?
Actraiser.
Square Enix made Actraiser.
They're Square now.
Yeah, that's Square Enix.
That would be the Enix in Square Enix.
So what do you mean Square Enix games aren't coming to Virtual Console?
Actraiser's already there.
Let me put it this way.
What do you mean it's not in the U.S.?
I bought a cartridge of that not long ago.
Let me put it this way, okay?
To be honest, this is coming originally from an IGN interview with a Square Enix representative.
It's actually from, I guess, a magazine, Nintendo Dream or something like that.
I'm pretty sure that there's something lost in translation here because I think what they're talking about is digital downloads in Japan that they aren't going to go to a strictly digital download system or whatever.
and it might make sense that they might not put Final Fantasy 1 or 2 or whatever on the Virtual Console because they're re-releasing them again I was going to say, that's what it is they're not saying they're not going to put their games on Virtual Console they're saying they're not going to put Final Fantasy 2 and 3 and so on on Virtual Console because you stupid Americans will continue to pay $29.99 for the Game Boy Advance versions because they're so awesome, they're so cool
But they're not going to put them on Virtual Console because of that.
I think that's the reason, yeah.
But I would say there is still hope for Illusion of Gaia and Soul Blazers and all those other old school Enix games at least.
I don't know about Chrono Trigger because they'll probably do an advanced version of that at some point.
I will bet you money that there will be a PSP version of Chrono Trigger sometime in the near future because they love...
Releasing, re-releases and stuff.
Is this something in your database?
No, this is purely speculation because they're, I mean, what, they're doing Star Ocean, you know, they're supposed to be a new Star Ocean game, which I do believe we did see a little movie for it a couple years ago at E3.
I could have sworn there was, it was just like that, remember that other, there was like another game series that they were teasing too that I haven't seen anything on, like the
Wasn't there one year at E3 when you went into the Square Enix movie room and you saw all the movies?
Literally every single freaking thing they showed was a Final Fantasy game, and then like, oh, and Star Ocean.
Yeah, yeah, it was something like that.
I know that there's been a trailer, because like I said, there was some other game series that they're doing that's supposed to be mobile, PlayStation 2, and I think maybe PSP or something that they haven't released yet that's going to be coming out.
I don't know.
Uh, DDR Dollar Bill says if they do an advanced version of Chrono Trigger, it better be that fucking good.
I will be fucking pissed off if they try to fix it and damage it.
Oh, he's letting his, uh, fucking thoughts be known there.
Fuck.
Such overuse of the F word there.
What, the fuck word?
Rawr!
See, it's because, you know why?
It's because Chrono Trigger fans are crazy.
Like, they're rabid about their Chrono Trigger, and like, if you ever try to get in that whole, like, Final Fantasy VI is better than Chrono Trigger debate, it's like, no, it's not!
Well, you have to wonder, he said fix.
What exactly does fix mean?
Because it's like the translation changes they made in Final Fantasy VII.
That's what it was.
It was Code Age was the game that they were teasing and stuff.
Remember, there's supposed to be three different games in that series.
One of them, Code Age Commanders, was supposed to be on PlayStation 2.
And I believe, like, the cell phones had another one.
It was like Code Age something.
God, I don't remember what the other system it was on.
Oh, Code Age.
Oh, where'd it go?
I just saw it.
Code Age Brawls is going to be the wireless one.
Thanks for watching!
But as far as the Final Fantasy's and Chrono Triggers of the World, I want my goddamn Super Mario RPG!
What the hell do I have to do to get this damn game?
You have to mod your Xbox, which I know you've done, and play it on an emulator.
And then you paint your Xbox white, and you call it a Wii.
Wii.
So anyway, um...
Just a little bit of news regarding Tokyo Game Show.
Nintendo actually will be a big participant there.
This is actually the first time since 1996 that Nintendo's having a booth there, so it's a pretty big deal.
But it's supposed to be this massive, massive booth, so I think that's going to be pretty cool.
That actually is in relation to Dragon Quest IX.
Ah, I see, so Nintendo is always like, oh, we're not gonna go to the Tokyo Game Show, we're not gonna go, but now they have Dragon Quest, they're like, well, we better fucking go, cause, you know, Dragon Quest is, is, you know.
Cause Square Enix calls the shots, fuckers.
Give me a goddamn Super Mario RPG!
Get over it!
Dragon Quest IX on the DS is probably the reason for that.
So, Loki, since we suck and we're not going to E3, you think we ought to save money and go to Tokyo Game Show?
Nope.
How much is fun?
Oh, come on.
You don't want to go to Tokyo?
Wouldn't that be fun?
Right.
Because E3 wasn't bad enough.
I had to go someplace where I don't understand anything.
And he can cosplay.
Look at me.
I'm stupid American foreigner.
Oh, film him.
He crazy.
No, seriously.
I'm just like... No.
Wow.
I can play DDR.
They'd love that.
I could be on a variety show or something.
AmericanGuyPagey FatWhiteManPlayingDDR So funny!
He uncoordinated!
Speaking of the Wii and things possibly in development for it, what about a keyboard?
The latest Game Informer magazine has a little spiel on a Wii keyboard.
It says, quote, Nintendo's development team says that it's considering adding a keyboard peripheral to the system in order to make online surfing easier, but it has not officially announced anything at this time.
Why would they want to make online surfing easier?
They're not making online friend codes easier.
Oh, wait, no, friend codes aren't easy, so...
Well, what if they put Super Mario RPG in, like, Flash or something?
Then you could use your browser to play on the Wii.
Eventually the friend code would get to it.
Yeah, you'd need a friend code to use the damn keyboard.
So all the keyboards will enhance the ability to put in your friend codes faster.
That's why we're not getting rid of them.
Here's my advice to everyone that wants to surf the internet faster on the Wii.
Go to your PC and surf it there.
Put your PC on your Wii.
So you're technically surfing it on your Wii.
There you go.
Science.
Science.
Yeah, so I guess the Wii is going to get a keyboard, but I don't see the point unless there's, like, games that start supporting it.
Typing of the Dead!
Hey.
Yeah.
That's not going to happen.
Typing of the Dead!
That would be great if you had a motion-sensing keyboard, and you could actually aim the keyboard, like, and then press the enter key.
Try to hit people with a keyboard.
You know what they could do, I think, though?
That would be rad.
They could do the Gun Survivor series.
Oh, yeah, they could.
On Wii.
No, I want a Typing of the Dead 2 where I literally have to pick up my keyboard and smack zombies with it.
Now this isn't working!
House of the Dead's a light gun game.
You've got the pointers on the Wiimotes already.
Just plug your keyboard in, the keyboard guy fills up the guy with a pointer with typing energy or whatever crazy thing they come up with.
Because everything you have to plug into the Wiimotes anyways.
Yeah.
Like you have to plug in the classic controller has to be threaded through your Wiimote and all the enhancements.
So this keyboard's probably going to have to plug into the Wii Remote so you have this big thing dangling there off your keyboard.
There's nothing that will stop you from duct taping the Wiimote to the keyboard, so you use that as your light gun pointer while you're typing.
Beautiful.
You've got a keyboard in your lap, you're trying to shift your waist around to point at the different places on the screen.
You just put it on your head.
Move your head around.
That's a good idea.
What was that old Atari thing that they had that was controlled by your eyebrows?
Do you remember that, Rob?
I know.
They had this Atari controller back in the day that was trying to be like the ESP controller, but really all you did was wiggle your eyebrows and move your nose a certain way.
Trying to distract you when you were playing E.T.
from how bad it was.
What?
I'll try to find it.
Little do the listeners know that DarkSakura's Folgers coffee has been secretly replaced with LSD.
It was a real controller with some prototype that never came out anyway.
I thought that you, with your gaming knowledge, would know this, Rob.
You disappoint me.
You know what I was playing on Atari 2600?
Adventure.
And there was no eye-wiggling or nose-twitching, I-dream-of-genie motions going on in that game.
No, you were Yellow Block versus squiggly thing called a dragon.
Mind Link Controller, that was it.
Leave it to the chat room to figure that one out.
It's Bewitched Technology.
No, it wasn't the chat room that came up with that one.
I found it.
Oh, good job.
I'm missing the Wikipedia link now.
Go on with your bad Wikipedia self.
Mix that thing with that Amiga lapboard controllers you had to do that.
Do you know about that one?
That yoga or the what was it?
The Zen Guru Master Game?
It was a plank that you sat on and on either side of it was a switch so if you tilted too far to the left or right you broke your concentration and the game failed you.
You were a
Disappointed Guru.
We need to seriously dig up some of this shit and just play it on the show one night.
Some of these games sound really awful.
We should have the most frustrating game challenge.
Dude, let's hook up a Sega Activator to that Commodore Breakdance game.
I have a Sega Activator.
Yeah, me too.
Let's do it.
Or play anything with the Power Glove.
Anything.
The Power Glove was a piece of shit.
Alright.
Anyways, um,
So yeah, apparently Time Magazine has nominated Miyamoto for part of the 100 most influential people.
Because yeah, he's done a lot of things, including creating Super Mario and Donkey Kong, Zelda, the Wii, all that fun stuff.
Yeah, I just think they have to do this because it's a new game console.
It's just like they have to nominate Bill Gates and probably Oprah every year and stuff like that.
You know, this is a gimme.
You know, I actually looked at the results the other day, and Miyamoto was, like, number two on this little user poll, because, like, they have the user poll where you can vote for who you believe is the most influential, and I believe he was, like, number two.
And I think, like, Perez Hilton was number five, so he's doing a really good job beating such influential people like that.
They should just do the whole Time 100 thing out of the WeVote channel thing.
Who's more influential?
Purple!
Or pink, or whatever.
No, that was Paris Hilton.
I need to check the voting channel.
I haven't used that channel in a long time, but last time I played it, I remember there was a question, who's going to win American Idol?
Melinda Sanjaya.
That's like the second American Idol related question that's been on that stupid WeVotes channel.
It's fascinating.
They still haven't used any of my submissions, which makes me very sad.
I think I submitted a question that said, which is funnier, clowns or rape?
But no, I'm just kidding.
God, I'm going to get so much hate mail.
Please.
I was drunk, okay?
You're going to get hate mail from clowns.
Yeah, I'm going to get hate mail from clowns.
I hate clowns.
I was drunk, okay?
No, but I submitted a serious one that says, which dessert is better, cake or pie?
And you know that this is something that needs to be asked of the American public.
Because we need to settle this debate once and for all.
Because I swear to God, pie is better.
We should do one that says, are you damned if you do or damned if you don't?
Is the glass half empty or half full?
Anyway.
Happy, happy day!
Ken Kutaragi, he of the crayon eating, bicycle helmet wearing, you know, leash.
I want to make more photo shots of that.
He who sucks so bad has retired from his position with the PlayStation.
But he's still the honorary chairman of SCEI.
So, everyone can let out a collective sigh of relief, except... Guess what happens when you cut off this head.
Another one has regrown in its place in the form of Kazuo Hirai.
Kutaragi's a Hydra?
Yes.
Giant enemy Hydra.
Anyways, what's a Nubian?
Shut the fuck up!
I don't know, I'm suddenly reminded of that for some reason.
I love that whole scene.
What's a Nubian bitch?
You almost made me laugh.
Anyways, but fear not!
Because the craziness at Sony is still not over, you know, Ken may be gone, but their PR department's still there to make a complete ass of themselves.
Including such things as the PlayStation 2 launch party for God of War 2 in the UK.
They've decided to celebrate this in the non-offensive way at all by offering a decapitated goat...
Pita!
Didn't you eat pita today?
Didn't you eat pita earlier?
People eating tasty animals.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Yeah, apparently the International Fund for Animal Welfare said it was outrageous that the animals' death had to be used to sell a few computer games.
Dude, I dare one of our listeners to email PETA a link to one of these stories.
What is their website?
PETA2.org or something?
I once went out with someone who worked for PETA, and man, they're nuts.
So I want to see what happens when they get a hold of this story, just because...
I don't know.
I'm sick.
I have a problem.
Like, there's a sick side of me that really wants to see what will happen when PETA gets a hold of what's going on here.
Honestly, I mean, other than the fact that it is kind of cool, though, that they do have, like, you know, topless chicks there.
But what PR guy thought it was a great idea to decapitate a goat at a party and have people eat from its entrails?
I mean...
Maybe they're just trying to stay authentic to Roman culture?
Like, I mean, seriously, was some guy like sitting there playing a game or something?
Yeah, I need you to prove this PR event info.
Yeah, that's good, okay.
Back to playing God of War 2.
I could play the sex minigame.
Maybe it was an animatronic goat.
Not judging by the picture on that article.
They blurred out the decapitated head that apparently was hanging on by a string still.
Ew!
Ew!
Is that like some type of, you know, ancient Roman custom?
They seem to think so.
I want to say I was reading some thread about this on the internet and someone came out and said, well, actually, you know, I live with a scholar on Greece and no, they didn't do this at all.
So they got it wrong.
I have no idea if this is true or not.
It says, apparently... Well, dude, I can hear the Sony meeting now when the Angrapedia letters start coming.
Whoa, whoa, we read about it on Wikipedia, so it must be true.
I mean, what do you mean it didn't decapitate goats in Greece?
It was on Wikipedia.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Speaking of things hanging on by a string, Kutaragi may have some hope left in where he can go next.
I mean, true, he's going to be on the board at Sony or whatever.
But, very interesting, Satoru Iwata made a very interesting comment.
Of course, Iwata being the president of Nintendo.
Iwata stated, quote, they would love to see Kutaragi join up with Nintendo.
Yeah, that's going to happen.
Doesn't that prospect make you excited?
Thank you for watching!
I think the rest of the quote was, we'd love to see Kutaragi join up with Nintendo, and then the rest of the quote was, in the available warehouse position that we have, mailing out the Wii's to Best Buys all over the world.
Chief Operating Officer of Crayons.
Of the Janitorial Department.
You realize the acronym for which is kook.
Anyway, so moving forward, how about some news that doesn't involve Kutaragi, please?
Well, kind of.
All right.
The PlayStation Store now has available Ninja Gaiden Sigma.
The demo is available here in the U.S.
And also a demo for Virtua Tennis is there.
So that's pretty cool.
Also trailers for Gauntlet 2, The Wheelman, John Woo's Stranglehold, and The Godfather.
And the full version of Ninja Gaiden Sigma is set for June.
So basically you could sum this whole story up by basically saying PlayStation Network actually gets content.
There was Tekken.
I guess that's true.
There was Tekken.
That was only back in February.
Tekken.
Whereas Xbox 360, hey, to their credit, has upped it to two arcade titles a week recently.
So, you know, more than some of us can handle.
So there you go.
Speaking of stuff coming out soon...
We're going to take a look around the world at some various release dates, what's coming up in the near future in some various countries around the world.
And during my portion of this segment, I usually talk about what's going on in Japan with the Japanese release dates.
And you know what, folks?
There's really not a lot.
There's some peripherals coming out for the Wii and for the DS, but honestly, game-wise, as far as Japanese release dates go, there's really only like one game coming out.
And that would be this game on the Nintendo DS called Osowari Tantai Osowarina, also known as Good Prince.
And it's an adventure game coming out from... I'm not sure who actually is putting this out.
Success is putting this out.
And it doesn't look to be based on an anime game.
I'm trying to see if there's actually screenshots from the game here.
Looks to be... Well, very boring, actually, is what the game looks to be.
So if you are interested in boring games, check that one out.
that's it for Japanese release dates there's really nothing coming out this week over there we want more release dates more MORE
It's spelled with an A. I don't have one.
Okay, you can get really excited about Face Cover Portable coming out on the Sony PSP.
Awesome.
In black, blue, pink, and white.
That's my favorite game already.
Face Cover Portable?
Face Cover Portable.
You stick the PSP in front of your face and it puts different faces on your face.
For a low price of $8.
I think it's great that they have a face cover in black when the PSP is black.
Oh, it's a system cover, I get it.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Not too much else coming out.
There's the Cube on PSP, which is like a puzzle game.
The Ultimate Board Game Collection, which is coming out from... Or it's being distributed through Capcom.
It's kind of like a... The Ultimate in Board Games!
It's a board game collection.
We're gonna fuck you up with some sorry!
You can't handle all this clue we got up in here!
But here's... I think I'll leave it with the...
Some of the best stuff right here.
We've got... This Parcheesi's gonna fuck your shit up!
On the PC, Fairy Godmother Tycoon is coming out.
Once again proving that there are way too many tycoon games.
Board game tycoon.
Yeah.
I don't want to joke you at all.
Although I did find the coolest board game today.
And apparently it's one that's been out for a while and I just didn't know about it.
Anti-Monopoly.
Anti-Monopoly.
I've never heard of Anti-Monopoly.
That's where when you win the game you lose because the government breaks you up?
I think so.
Anyway, how about some UK release dates?
Shall we?
In Anti-Monopoly?
Like, is there a point to owning Baltic Avenue and Mediterranean?
I think it's good PR.
I see.
Anyway.
All these release dates are for the 4th.
We have Metal Gear Solid Portable Ops on PSP.
We have Mindy Storm on DS.
We have Tony Hawk's Project 8 on PSP, Untold Legends, Dark Kingdom on PlayStation 3, and Final Fantasy 3 for the DS.
Yay!
Final Fantasy 3 is a good one.
Two good games in that.
It's about time you folks over in the UK got to check that one out.
Metal Gear Solid Portable Ops was pretty good.
Yeah, good stuff.
Man, later on though, they're getting some other really good games, like Mario Strikers.
Ooh, SpongeBob!
Actually, I heard that Strikers really sucks, but you didn't hear that from me.
Hey, how about Picross?
There you go.
and what's interesting is that the ESRB is showing that this game is not just coming out on the Xbox 360, but it's also coming out on the PlayStation 3.
Kind of interesting because you've heard about all these, you know, exclusive games going from the PlayStation 3 over to the Xbox 360, but this is one, you know, I think a lot of people were looking forward to that now seems to have gone the other way.
Of course, if I recall right, Eternal Sonata was never promised as an exclusive title either way, so it's not like this is like huge, like, OMG, Microsoft got pwned type news, it's just
No, it's just, you know, hey, it might be coming out for this other platform as well.
And, of course, this would be the one that's based all off, what, Chopin's music or something?
I don't know.
I think that's right.
It looks like an interesting title based on the screenshots.
It looks very, like, Final Fantasy-ish.
And I like how the characters' names are, like, Polka and Allegretto and all that stuff.
That's cute.
It's basically about a magical land that when you get terminally...
It's like that cloud dream.
Wait, so this is Make-A-Wish, the game?
Basically, yes.
Okay.
Anyways, the PlayStation Network is also getting some other interesting games coming out, including a game called Snakeball, which is supposedly the funkiest online sport ever created.
Quotes IGN.
Um...
So no idea what exactly that's going to be, but I don't know, it looks cute I guess.
It's got like a little penguin shy guy thing on there, so that's kind of neat.
That's cute, except the game is called Snake Ball.
That's just asking for trouble in PR.
But anyways, it says... And I believe Snake Ball could be a euphemism for penis.
Because there's a snake.
and Balls.
Snakeball, you I guess are donning your disco shoes and you glide across a dance floor on a hover snake while collecting colored balls to score points.
It says other players can rapidly reduce your point tally by flicking you with their tails or blasting you with their weapons.
And I guess it's going to support an option to import your face and map it on to stuff.
I don't know.
Looks okay.
It's kind of neat.
The other thing that they're going to be getting is a brand new game called Stardust HD, which I guess is a cross between Asteroids and, I guess, since everybody compares games to this, Geometry Wars.
So, yet another game where you blow up a lot of shit.
I think a game is like Geometry Wars if you shoot stuff.
Pretty much.
Hostile1 in our chatroom, chat.orangelongerator.com has a comment on the snake balls game.
He says, get these motherfucking snake balls off my motherfucking console.
Get it?
Like snakes on a plane.
Get it?
Movie sucked.
Dude, I love snakes on a plane, but I really liked it just for the situation I saw it in, where me and Megzy and Chris all had stuffed snakes that we picked up at the Trader across from Indiana Jones and wore them into the theater.
I thought you were going to say it was an in-flight movie.
That would have been great.
Can I touch you?
Or will I bleed from your awesomeness?
I don't know.
I feel like death!
I got gay from Rob!
It's all over my foot.
Alright.
DarkSakura, the gay foot.
Your legacy will be remembered for years.
Oh my god, DarkTensia said touch DS.
That was funny.
Anyway.
So guess what we have.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Did you just eat that sauce from McDonald's?
It's fucking awesome.
I can't stop.
I was like touching DarkSakura's foot and I was like hee hee and now I was reaching out and I looked over and I swear I saw Loki like drinking the sauce from McDonald's.
I was because it's so tasty.
Oh my god, that's nasty.
That's like pure, pure fat.
It's sweet and sour sauce.
I ran out of nuggets.
Anyway!
Wait, I gotta know, are you one of those people that bitches at the drive-thru because they're like, okay, if you only get six nuggets, you only get one sweet and sour sauce pack, and if you want more, you gotta pay ten cents extra.
Do you get really upset about that because you like to drink them, apparently?
No, two's enough for like a ten-piece nuggets or whatever, but, you know.
They gave me three, so what the fuck am I supposed to, I can't just save it for next time.
Think about it, Rob.
That's like a shot for 10 cents.
Dude, I mean, I take syrup shots.
I mean, come on.
Do you eat the jams at, like, waffle, country waffles and all that stuff, too?
Oh, God.
I don't like jams.
Remember the syrup shots, though, from Roscoe's?
Nasty, nasty, nasty.
You take syrup shots with everybody, Rob?
I'm going to finish drinking this now.
I was drunk!
At Roscoe's?
I don't know.
It's just my excuse for everything.
Oh, fine.
So guess what Sony's giving us, the bastards?
Um...
Crabs, AIDS.
Hot Shots Tennis.
Oh, I was going to say shots.
You can dress up the little girls in different costumes.
That's not very hot.
It's Hot Shots.
I guess it's supposed to be cute.
Yummy.
So yeah, Hot Shots Tennis.
Yay.
Next.
I love your reporting, DarkSakura.
You don't even bother to give us the details.
You're just like, yeah, I'm
Sony's making a Hot Shots tennis game, and you can dress chicks up, but this game sucks.
I can do that in Dead or Alive, and in this one I get bouncing boobies, so ha.
All right.
Well, of course, E3 is coming to town.
Of course, it's coming to Santa Monica.
Where exactly in town, they haven't really said.
From what I understand, they've kind of like told people like, okay, be on the street corner.
Oh yeah, my invitations at the house, I could have looked there.
Yeah, be on the, well, they're going to tell you like, be on the street corner and then like an unmarked bus will come pick you up.
And it's like going to a rave, apparently, is what E3 is tuned into.
Like, dude, there's going to be like this sweet party at this like vacated airport hangar.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Now, granted, Sony's on the list, Microsoft's on the list, and Nintendo's on the list, because all the companies that are debuting stuff is a lot of the big, big companies.
Basically, Kensha Hall was where 300 of those 400 companies were last year, but it's still kind of surprising there.
You just can't fit that many companies on an unmarked bus.
I guess not, so...
The invitations are down by the way to between 3,000 and 4,000 compared to last year.
60,000!
Is one of the companies that's going to have a booth there G4?
Because you know they always have a booth.
No, G4 is not on the exhibitors list.
But they will probably still somehow have like 500 people at E3.
All in those ugly shirts.
DarkSakura.com
Loki and I are sitting here going, God damn, motherfucking E3, I'm not fucking sending this invite.
And you're like, oh yeah, I got an invite, just kind of sitting at home.
I don't know, I may not go.
I actually am putting my focus on my education, so maybe.
I don't know, if people want to give me money, I'll go.
Because it's kind of expensive to stay down there.
I hope you're listening, ESA fuckers.
This is who you're inviting, people that don't want to go.
I didn't say I don't want to go, I can't afford to go.
My name is DarkSakura, a.k.a.
Jamie Summers, and I think you should let me into E3.
I'm really angry about things!
Let me play your game, goddammit!
No, no, if they would give me a place to stay, then I would be happy.
I'd just wear glasses, do my hair in that little A-style that DarkSakura has hers, and I could sneak in as her.
Yeah, but you'd have to... I wanna play your game!
Does it have boobs?
Whatever.
and DarkSakura.
DarkSakura, would you care to start us off with the FUs of the week?
My FU of the week goes... It's very simple.
It goes to stupid drama.
And it's fucking raining on me at Disneyland on my birthday!
Hey, dude, the lines were short.
And the teacups were not being opened.
That was sad.
And, and, and, and, and, and, and... The hundred minute wait is Space Mountain, fuckers!
And, and, and, and, and, and, and...
Yeah, done.
Loki!
Uh, fuck you to the dumbass that ran our games at QZAR last night, because you are a dumb fucking... The job, I mean, because I've done the job, it's not that fucking hard, and somehow you've failed at every aspect of it.
And, like, when I was playing in front of him, he was, like, mystified, like I was doing magic or something, you know?
So how are you doing that?
Horrible.
Horrible.
The QZAR has really gone downhill in Vacaville.
All the packs are all fucked up.
So, fuck them for screwing that up.
I would like to give an F you to Loki's wife, Nelly, for shooting me 58 times in one game at said QZAR because the...
Dumbass who was running it forgot to turn on the defense shields So she could just shoot me over and over and over and over and over again Which is what she did She just basically held the gun up to my back and kept shooting Because I could not shoot the base Like something was wrong with the base But I had a fun time at laser tag F you to Loki for not opening up his own laser tag arena For being too like I'm gonna go broke Oh wait what's that Oh it's 20 You know 2 million dollars in my ass Wow If only I could do that
Get alone or something, I don't know.
Rescue us from horrible QZars around the world.
Anyway, what else do I have an FU to?
I don't know.
I guess that's it.
Just an FU to Nelly.
Warrior Bob, any FUs you have to get off your chest?
I'm actually a fairly happy guy.
I don't have a whole lot of FUs.
So if anything, it's to Sony for the drives not reading blue disks, because that makes me angry.
And to Jobs for not being open for me, because I'm unemployed.
Unemployment sucks.
I'm working on it.
I know a lot of people who are unemployed right now.
It kind of sucks.
Honestly, blue discs make me more angry.
You should say an F you to the Rob D for sounding like you.
I don't know.
It's kind of weird.
The Rob D sounds like me?
Yes.
I don't know if you've ever listened to the This Day in Gaming podcast, but you guys have a very similar voice.
It's kind of interesting.
I'm going to have to go listen to that now.
Yes.
It's interesting.
It's not a bad thing.
He's got a great radio voice, and so do you.
Well, thank you very much.
I sleep all night, and so I'm totally unconscious.
I have no idea what I'm running around doing.
Maybe we're the same guy.
Maybe.
Well, he's in chat right now, though.
I don't know if that's possible.
Unless you're like that chick on Heroes who can use the internet with her brain or whatever that is.
That would be so distracting.
No, I am not like the chick on Heroes.
Okay, and yeah, that stupid bitch on Heroes fucking A. I sign up for the damn little viral website and she spams me all this shit all the time.
Had I known her secret power was spamming people, I wouldn't have fucking signed up on that goddamn viral site.
There's an F you.
F you to freaking Spambots getting into my forums.
F you to PHPBB for making it really hard for me to fix that.
And F you again to Spambots.
Spammer.
And the other thing, I hate fucking spam that has to do with the stock market.
I don't play the stock market.
Why the fuck would I care what companies want me to buy?
Amanda sent me the best title, though, from a spam email.
You exemplify Carrot.
Whatever happened to Spamusement?
That was like my favorite online... Have there been updates?
That was my favorite online comic anywhere was Spamusement.
And they just kind of stopped doing updates.
I mean, I realize maybe the guy, like, you know, real life comes first and maybe he had something else he wanted to do.
That doesn't make me any less sad.
You could just pass it off to somebody.
No, the last one was October 20th.
That makes me sad.
Seriously, if you've never seen Spamusement, go look in the archives.
The Older Cartoons at Spamusement.com It's one of the greatest online comics I've ever read in my life.
It's great.
Oh god, some of these are kind of gross.
So there's going to be a brand new phone coming out from Mitsubishi.
It's a new Docomo.
Sounds like Kokomo.
Anyways, D904i and apparently it's going to have a motion sensor built into it or I believe there's something about it using its camera to detect motion.
Anyways, it's a fucking like Wii phone type thing and you're going to be able to use it to play games and a couple of the games that are going to be coming out for it, of course, Katamari Portable and UR Gundam.
So, I guess that's neat.
But,
I hope they don't release them in the U.S.
because people have enough trouble driving, let alone playing tilty games on their cell phone.
Yeah.
Driving while side-talking.
You know what, how about just shut up and drive?
That's what I vote for.
And further proof that Namco intends to just poop all over the Katamari franchise while the creator has gone off to greener pastures.
But then you can roll it up and do an even bigger pump.
and set it on fire.
Roll it up and light it.
There we go.
New Katamari game, Katamari Weed.
Katamari Weed.
Wow.
Well, anyway, that's going to bring Segment A of Orange Lounge Radio to a close here, and we'll be back after a quick break with more of Orange Lounge Radio, because as you know, we tape in two... Well, maybe you don't know, because we were gone last week, so maybe you need a little bit of a refresher, but Orange Lounge Radio tapes in two halves, live on Sunday night, and this first half will go out to our podcast feed immediately, and then the second half will follow sometime midweek.
So we're going to take a break here, and we'll be back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcast to the world twice a week stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio
