Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio here on Sunday, April 1, 2007.
We already did our April Fool's joke. The rest of the show is legit.
If you want to check out our fun little April Fool's joke, go back in our podcast archive or audio archive, whatever you want to call it, and check it out.
It's there.
But we have a lot of news this break.
Some video game noobs and Dark Sakura and Loki joining me as always.
Also joining me tonight, Chris and Meg Z, the OLR lesbians.
Hi.
Alright.
Let's go to the Xbox 360.
Xbox 360 Elite is official, which further proves the point that all Microsoft rumors are true, except the ones that came out today on April 1.
But we all knew the black Xbox 360 was coming for some time.
And Loki, I got to hand it to you.
Last week when we went over this on the show, you called it a 120 gigabyte hard drive for $179.
You called the price down to the dollar.
It's not that hard.
It's really not, but it's still kind of impressive.
The premium system and the Elite system are the price of the core plus the hard drive.
So the pro system being $399.
The hard drive is $100 to the 20 gig.
So I figured, OK, $479 so that the hard drive is probably $179.
And what do you know?
They kept to the pattern.
So yay me.
Well, the Elite will be coming with this 120 gigabyte hard drive, and it's coming out for $479 on April 29.
The Elite also comes with an HDMI port and comes in sexy black.
They're bringing sexy black.
I'm bringing sexy black.
Wow.
Just because it's April Fool's Day doesn't mean I ran out of bad jokes.
That was not an invitation to break into song.
Also, black wireless controllers, black battery packs, and black play and charge kits will be coming out as well.
Pretty exciting stuff.
And black headsets.
Although, I don't know.
It's exciting stuff for some people, but not for me.
Because the first Xbox period was black.
So hooray for having a black console for Microsoft.
I mean, we've already had one.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on.
Hold on, hold on, hold on.
People still buy the black console.
Why?
Because the DS Lite came out and it's white, and now the black one came out and everyone's like,
Oh my God, I got to get it black.
Or pink.
Pink.
Oh, no one wants pink.
I've got a pink one.
Black.
You know, it's just, I don't know.
People are suckers for new colors.
Yeah, that's true.
It's like, one of the things you look at in marketing is the color of something.
As long as it's different from whatever it was before, it'll be more popular.
And also, it's only limited time.
It's going to go back to the white.
So buy the black ones while you can.
Random thought.
The low-end PlayStation 3 is $4.99.
So isn't it interesting that Microsoft's kind of getting close to entering Sony's price range,
especially when they have their own little back and forth and stuff?
As they would say, it's all about choices.
You don't have to buy that Elite One.
Although, if you want HDMI, you do.
So, hooray.
JeremyTod1 wants you to know, the DS Lite is a handheld, not a console.
Aha, touche.
Okay, fine.
Let's see then, how about, well, the GameCube came in multiple colors.
Look at the PlayStation 2 Slim.
That came out in multiple colors.
Or PlayStation 2, the original system, came out in multiple colors in different countries.
I mean, who cares?
It doesn't matter.
It's just a fucking console.
To be honest, if you really wanted a black console, you can do it for like $60.
Or get some spray paint and you can do it even less.
I mean, seriously.
Rama's in our chat room, taping live here on Sunday nights.
Chad.orangelandtrader.com.
Rama says, I have a big black Wii.
And if you know Rama, then that's funny if you're six years old.
Or if you're a lesbian, apparently.
If you hear the cackling in the background, that's the two lesbians giggling at Rama's big black Wii.
Anyways.
Isn't he cute?
So, with the 120 gigabyte system, you're probably wondering a few things like,
say for example you do have a 20 gig hard drive, how are you going to move your stuff over?
Well, you'll be happy to know that it is going to come with a data cable.
So, if you do have one of the older hard drives, you can transfer your saves using that data cable to the new hard drive.
However, you cannot transfer more than one hard drive.
And I remember previously they suggested that you get more than one hard drive for those digital downloads and stuff.
Well, you're fucked because if you put another hard drive on there, it will just overwrite all the data on there.
That also being said, you know...
Well, not to sound like a cock, but it's not that hard to switch the hard drives out.
I mean, if you could afford multiple hard drives, is it really going to kill you to switch the one out and put the other one in?
It makes you say yes.
Y'all are some lazy bitches.
No. Well, here's what I'd suggest though.
If you're going to run into these problems and you don't like these restrictions that they have on there,
buy the XSATA or something very similar to that.
It's one of those devices you can buy for 50 bucks, you can transfer stuff to your PC, vice versa and stuff.
Just transfer, dump everything on your PC, dump it back onto the hard drive.
There you go.
You can do multiple hard drives, whatever.
So, do that if you don't like these restrictions.
Otherwise, stick with the free cable.
The other thing, much like the original hard drive, it's going to be loaded full of crap.
And, you know, as you probably remember before, and I'm kind of wondering how much of that 120 gigs is actually available to use,
because you remember before in the 20 gig one, 7 gigs is for the updates and stuff for the emulation.
So, logic tells me 113.
Well, there's been more updates since then and that partition might be bigger.
Touché.
Anyway, so, what you're going to get, or I should say, have to delete off your hard drive are the following things.
For trailers, you're going to be getting the Forza 2 customization damage videos,
Halo Wars Fable 2, Halo 3 TV ad, Halo 3 trailer, Halo 3 8.2 Brute video,
Accessory TV Spot, Wireless World video, and Holiday 06 accessories video.
Why the fuck do they have this stuff on there for free?
I don't understand, because you can download it off of Live for free.
Not everybody gets on Live though.
Oh, goody.
So, they really probably want to see the Holiday 06 accessories video, because I'm sure that's really exciting.
You know, I have to be honest, when I first bought my Xbox 360, I did watch some of the videos on there,
because I was like, oh, hi-def videos on my HDTV, that's kind of pretty, because I didn't have an HD DVD player,
and I don't think Comcast had been installed yet for the HD.
It was kind of fun, I don't know.
I deleted those.
Well, I deleted them since then.
Other things you'll have on there, playable demos, including Assault Heroes, Cloning Clyde, Geometry Wars,
Marble Blast Ultra, Small Arms, Feeding Frenzy, Uno, Pac-Man, Street Fighter 2, Luminous Live,
Zuma, Heavy Weapon, Lego Star Wars 2, Lost Planet, the multiplayer one, Madden 07, Fusion Frenzy 2,
and Call of Duty 3, and of course, like usual, Hexac HD will be on there, the full game.
Wow.
Yeah, that kind of sucks.
But then again though, from what I hear, if you do end up having to transfer your stuff over to that new hard drive,
you'll wipe it all out anyways.
Some real quick chat comments before we get to our next story.
In chat we have Hostile One says, I guess they don't want people sharing downloaded games.
I mean, with this whole...
Well, at least with that free cable, you're going to have to buy an extra tool to do that.
Mystic Gohan asks, does anyone know if the 360 uses USB hard drives for storage?
No, it does not.
Big fat no, sorry.
Mystic Gohan also asks, who would buy a 120GB hard drive without Live?
What would be the point, other than music, which I doubt is what someone would do?
Good point, good point.
Seems fairly pointless.
Some people, Magsy, what was this?
Well, okay, this is my first reaction.
It's like, ooh, it's bigger and better, I must have it.
You know what, it's a valid point.
There are not a lot of people, but there are a small amount of people.
It's like, ooh, big, new, shiny, must have.
No.
But you want to know what's funny, though, is that Sony is taking all the credit for the idea.
Well, they're going around saying that, you know, there's actually a quote from their SVP of marketing
saying, we think that every PlayStation 3 owner should have the elite experience,
which is why we include an internal hard drive and HDMI output in every PS3 we sell,
along with the 50 gigabytes of storage capacity on a high-definition Blu-ray disc.
So they're all trying to do, like, oh, well, we're all hot shit, and, you know, they're trying to be like us.
It's getting really soap opera-y and kind of fun to watch what's going on between Microsoft and Sony,
because like with the UK launch where Microsoft was, like, crashing the party with those big Xbox 360
heart shoe signs and stuff, it's kind of getting funny watching the two fight like little bitches.
It's great. I mean, I'm eating this shit up.
There should be a podcast all to, like, dramatizing this whole thing.
These are the days of our gaming.
Maisie, I'll put you in charge of that project.
They should do a reality show like that.
All right. Cool.
All right.
Well, I have another story, speaking of which, which is an interesting follow-up,
because, you know, Sony says that, you know, welcome to the elite status Xbox 360.
But what's interesting is that Sony actually filed something on March 2nd, 2007,
indicating that they are going to be releasing another PlayStation 3 model with an 80-gigabyte hard drive.
It was something that, you know, they were running it by the FCC.
They have to get the approval and all that stuff.
Could this be a whole new model?
Could this just be a storage upgrade?
I don't know, but Sony kind of was doing a little bit of damage control earlier this week with the whole thing.
I remember reading a little later.
Well, we have no plans to do that.
Except we do have plans to do that.
I don't know.
No, we're not copying them.
We are not copying them.
How many times has Sony done that, though, really?
Like, you know, back when, I think it was E3 2004, I think,
was when the, it was announced that the 360 was going to have two packages,
and Sony just lapped them, and then, you know, what happened with the PS3 is two packages.
Good point.
Yes, because of hard drive size, that's why people aren't buying your console.
It must be because the hard drive's not 80 gigs.
That's why.
That's why you're not selling any systems.
Well, rumor goes around that Ken Kutaragi wants 250 gigabytes.
Great!
Two, great, so the system will be...
Hey, you know how many Crayolas that holds?
You know what I'm doing with my system?
And I'll tell you right now, we're loading that shit with porn.
I kid you not.
That is what we are doing with that 20 gigabytes I have in there.
Maybe.
I do have lesbian porn in HD, so we can do that, but...
I've seen the lesbian porn in HD, it's pretty weird.
Wait, you have pirates on HD DVD, don't you?
Oh my god, bring that shit over, I have an HD DVD player.
Okay.
Yeah, I have the highest budgeted porn in my possession that's HD DVD.
It's actually pretty funny.
Hey, I wonder if I can get that in Blu-ray.
You can.
No, maybe.
The porn industry signed their allegiance over to HDTV.
Blu-ray's going down.
Sorry guys, we forgot we were a video game show for a minute.
Hey, it's talking about...
I'm talking about video games, so I'm just saying though,
that's the only use I've found for the 20 gigs that I have in there right now,
and I couldn't imagine if I had 250 gigs, I guess.
It'd be cool if you could use it as external storage or something.
More porn.
That's what I was thinking.
All right, well, I don't know about you guys,
but if you're Dark Sakura and you only own a Blu-ray player,
you're pretty pissed to hear that HD DVD is going to get the porn industry,
and I know that makes Dark Sakura a little bit angsty, right?
No, not really.
Roll with me here, because we've got...
Makes me angsty.
Oh, so angry.
Maybe I'll just use the music to do this.
If you're not mad about the Blu-ray,
then find something else to F you of the week, Dark Sakura.
My rage is the fact that I can't find any decent Deadpool icons for LiveJournal,
so I have to make them myself.
That's really it, because I've had a pretty darn good week.
I graduated!
Congratulations.
Seriously, those who have been listening to the show for a long time,
I know you've been working hard at the massage stuff.
I am a fucking massage therapist now, bitches.
I want my Happy Birthday!
No!
Oh, great.
I'm really glad to hear you've graduated.
Now, Jamie, I have a real sore spot right here.
$75.
Low-key.
F you to Epson.
I tried refilling my printer ink.
Apparently there's some fine print that they don't like to talk about,
and that fine print would be that you can only use Epson cartridges for your Epson printers.
I have the Photo R300 or whatever,
and apparently I tried buying generic brand ink,
because in the past for every other fucking printer I've owned, it works.
I understand that maybe the quality of the ink or whatever may be the last big deal.
I'm willing to spare the extra dollars for lower quality ink.
Whatever.
But when I put it in my printer, after spending, I might add,
even on this cheaper ink, $60,
because that's how much it costs to refill the fucking ink and this stuff,
it said we've detected that this is not Epson ink,
and please use genuine products, and it will not work at all.
So that's money just down the drain.
Thank you, Epson.
I'm not buying any more of your products.
In fact, I'm thinking about dumping my printer into the dumpster.
So fuck you, and I'm writing some hate mail to you.
Build on eBay. They'll always help.
Better business bureau.
All right. Is that it?
Well, I was going to say, if you're looking for a printer out there,
Epson, I think Canon, HP, they all have the chips inside of them
that will count how many days go by or whatever,
and basically your cartridge will stop working after so many days,
even if you don't print anything.
So just that in mind, you want to make sure you freeze them
when you first get them.
If you get software off the internet, feel free to do that.
Just be careful when you're buying stuff.
Read up on it first.
More FUs of the Week from me. I have many tonight.
One FU to April Fool's Day.
This is my least favorite day of the year, because everybody's a damn fool.
This is my voice for making me sound like a 12-year-old all over again tonight.
And I want to say FU to folks that don't...
Folks that sometimes don't have to work for what they're given very hard,
and sometimes folks are kind of giving things on a silver platter
and it makes them a little bit ungrateful.
I'm not... I'm talking about people who are ungrateful.
I'm not talking about anybody. No, no, no.
This is something completely in another dimension.
Because there are people I know that are, you know, fortunate,
but are yet humble, if that makes sense.
There's a big difference between that and being un-humble.
So there's certain people out there that should have to work harder for the FUs.
And then I would also like to give a big FU to the fact
I have to pee so fucking bad right now,
so I'm going to run out of the room while Chris and Megsy do their FUs.
I found something for Megsy just now.
I found an icon of Emma Foster's boobs that makes me happy.
I'm angsty. Okay.
Oh, FU. Okay, my FU goes to the guy that was sitting behind us
during T. and Susan's turtles, which we went to see today.
This guy sitting behind us first had the nerve to talk on his cell phone
during the first part of the film, which was annoying,
but I mean, he's just like, oh, I'll call you back.
I liked his cell phone ring, which was like, don't pick up the phone.
That was his cell phone ring. Don't pick up the phone.
Which was fucking annoying to begin with.
And then after that, like maybe 20 minutes later,
we hear someone kind of snoring.
This guy started talking on his cell phone and then fell asleep and was snoring.
I really wish I had some possible reflection like throwing back at him.
He should have thrown some reason at his head, then you would have given him a reason to wake up.
Hell yeah.
Well, I don't really have a big FU of the week,
except for your people who cannot take a joke, Mickey.
I'm not going to elaborate too much since we spent like a half an hour of me bitching about it.
So I'm not going to elaborate.
But FU to the people on April Fools who fall for an April Fools joke
and then can't take a fucking joke, you losers.
I don't mean that. You guys are nice, but seriously, fuck off.
I mean it then.
Okay, Jamie means it.
Dude, this is the best icon ever. It's the one where Kitty has a gun at Emma's head.
That's hot.
Did Maisie do hers?
Yeah, we're done.
Sorry, I was peeing. I didn't know.
You and your peeing, Ross.
Well, look, when Mother Nature calls, I've learned you probably want to answer.
Because if you hang up on her, she's not going to like that.
Mother Nature will do that to you.
She's killing you for that shit.
Let's get back into the news.
Anyways, speaking of killing you.
No, well, I'm not really dying in this case.
But Sony, CR, and Vivendi, I guess, are being sued because Spyro has induced seizures in somebody's baby.
Yes, Corinne Gamespot is reporting that a mother of a child who suffered permanent disability injuries from a grand mal seizure while playing Spyro Enter the Dragonfly has filed suit in New York State Supreme Court.
And she names all those three companies and seeks unspecified damages.
And you might want to point out also that it is in the manual. There is an epilepsy warning in there.
And it is common practice in the video game software industry to put that stuff in there.
So I think it's your own damn fault, to be honest.
Yeah, you know, it's funny because you always see those warnings.
Like, I know I see those warnings all the time.
And I always just kind of go, oh, gosh, I must really kind of, like, suck if that's, you know, you.
I mean, sometimes we take certain things for granted that, you know.
But to kind of hear that somebody's going to sue over that is kind of like, well, I mean, I know I see that thing all the time because I've thought about people who might want to be careful about that.
I don't know.
I've actually got a friend with epilepsy and he loves playing video games and he plays them all the time.
So is that kind of like, you know, you're lactose intolerant but you still have ice cream?
Something like that, I guess.
You know what? Ice cream is tremendous.
I know, but, you know, and I know plenty of people who are lactose intolerant, they're like, fuck it, I'll just take a lactate.
You know, it seems like this is just another person trying to get money out of big corporations and by pointing a finger and saying, you caused this, et cetera, et cetera.
Like, you know, when I threw my Wiimote at the TV and it, yeah, or the strap broke.
DJ Morpheus in chat says, so I can sue OLR for giving me the AIDS.
Well, it wasn't me that gave you AIDS.
What?
Yeah, exactly.
Okay.
See, I hate April Fool's Day. I just hate it.
Well, let's move on.
Speaking of more bullshit, okay.
There is actually research going on at the University of Bolton, one of the UK schools.
Like Michael Bolton?
Somebody had to say it, Jamie.
Rob.
Yes.
Dynamifier.
Saying that gaming addiction is over diagnosed up to 10% of the time because there are certain indicators that they were attributing to gaming addiction are actually the same as gambling addictions.
So it's actually along the same lines as a gambling addiction, not just, you know, really being addicted to gaming.
But they're saying that they like to, that basically it's just hype.
It's all this.
That they're using it as a scapegoat.
That it's just like the same type of addiction people have to gambling.
So it's kind of like, you know, the best cure for video game addiction is to grow up.
Yeah.
Is that basically what they're saying?
Or just shoot them.
All right.
Anybody have anything they want to say on gaming addiction?
An addiction is an addiction is an addiction.
It doesn't matter what it's to.
It doesn't matter what caused it.
It's an addiction.
I think there's a difference between a chemical addiction and a physical addiction.
See, I don't think so.
Then again, I actually, you know, now that you think about the biology behind activities, I would say, just like how there's people who are addicted to sex, people addicted to gaming, people addicted to gambling.
Addicted to lesbians.
People, especially people addicted to running.
You get that chemical response whenever you perform this action and people become addicted to the feeling they get when they're doing it.
And it's all chemical.
There's people who are addicted, who always have to be, you know, this is the only way I can describe it.
People who always have to be in a relationship because of the chemicals your body releases while you are, quote, in love.
And they may not be in love for real.
They have that feeling.
And so they're addicted to that feeling of being with another person.
So what you're trying to say is you're going to have to face it.
You're addicted to love.
Well, that also, though, goes a lot to explain people who keep themselves in abusive and codependent relationships, too.
Wow.
I know.
I'm like, wow, this show took an interesting turn all of a sudden.
I don't know.
I was just thinking about it because I honestly see the same type of mentality of people who are addicted, like, say, the Evercrack people.
You point out to them, well, you could be doing this, this, this, and this to improve your life.
Don't you use sort of the same type of arguments with your friends who are in abusive relationships?
Well, you know, if you left so-and-so, you could do this, this, this, and this.
Oh, but I need him.
Oh, but I need to level.
I'm thinking of addicts to online games.
You know what?
I think about, though, also, I'm someone who used to smoke, and I know you did, too, for a while, and that's something that's, you know, it's a mental and...
I smoke cigars.
There's a difference.
You don't inhale a cigar.
Oh, okay.
Well, whatever.
I thought you smoked cigarettes for a while.
I smoked cloves, like, off and on.
All right.
Well, in college, I started cigarettes for a while.
That's my voice, right?
But I quit.
Yay.
And with that, you got the nicotine addiction and the mental addiction.
So, it's kind of like, like, I could kind of see that where wow might be something similar when you get folks who are addicted to wow, because there's that addiction of, like, I need to level.
I need to see my friends.
Da-da-da.
But then there's also kind of the, like, I'm addicted to it because I don't know what else to do.
That's why you, I mean, and people, I think this also goes with the gaming addiction thing is that people are afraid of change to the point that you would rather stay in a negative situation because it's something you know.
You know, people who may have social anxiety, they use, you know, an MMO as their means of communicating with the outside world and their ways of having interaction when they're afraid of doing something a different way.
Also, one thing about it, I've done a lot of research on addiction and stuff because I've dealt with different kinds of addiction.
Nothing illegal, but yeah.
One of the things, addiction a lot of times acts as an escape from real life.
And, you know, it doesn't really matter what you're doing.
You know, if you're doing, you know, an activity repetitively, it's usually an escape from real life, whether it's video games or anything.
So, yeah.
Just something to add about addiction.
All right.
No, I agree with that too.
And I think that also kind of goes hand in hand with the whole afraid of change, afraid of things that are different.
People don't want to face their fears, so they try to avoid them one way or another.
Or could we be forgetting the one factor that really is an issue, I think.
Games are getting so fucking awesome that you can't stop playing them.
Like Earth Defense Force 2017.
It is fucking awesome.
Are you someone's payroll?
No.
I've never played that game until you mentioned it 50 times on this program.
Here's why I like that game.
It's because it was originally part of the Simple 2000 series.
And everyone remembers, you know, that is like the bottom of the barrel, you know, crap games.
Weird shit like, you know, zombies versus ambulance and stuff.
It is just like, for me, my bad movie collection.
All right, we've got to get back into the news, but real quick comments from chat.
ActDeaf says, by the way, I'm addicted to OLR.
Well...
That's a good addiction to have.
Just like being addicted to doing good deeds is a good addiction.
Being addicted to being a good Samaritan is a good addiction.
Round nose plus two!
All right, let's see what else is there.
Legend of Zaku says, whatever happened to smoking a joint, eating a Twinkie, and going to sleep?
Thank you, Dennis Leary.
Wow, good job catching that.
Can I just add my little quick quirk and then you can move on?
Sure, sure. We'll move on after this.
My only thing to say about addiction is if you're not hurting anybody and you're...
Yeah, that's my only thing.
If you're not hurting anybody else, you can do whatever the fuck you want.
Well, but, you know, a lot of folks joke with me like, oh, Rob, you're addicted to Warcraft.
You're so addicted to World of Warcraft stuff.
And I'm like, you know, I see Magsy's joking with Chris right now.
But look, Chris is outside the house right now being social with people.
You know, so am I.
So there's a difference, too, between like joking about it and like...
No, like seriously, you're fucking addicted to WoW because like, you know, you are...
And there are people...
You're having social repercussions and all that stuff.
You know what's really funny?
What?
After this, I swear, you can move on.
But if all the WoW addicts will be able to say...
Like when you're first loading into your character, you know how they got that little message for you?
When the little bar is like loading the thing?
One of the things that it said, all good things should be taken in...
Moderation?
In moderation.
Even WoW.
I thought that was hilarious.
I see that one, too.
I like how Blizzard can laugh at themselves.
Well, it's true, though.
Yeah, it's very true.
Final Fantasy XI has a big old disclaimer that comes up every time you click to log into the game that says...
The World of Anadil is an exciting place.
And I was addicted to Final Fantasy XI for so long, I'd probably read the damn thing verbatim, but it says something like...
The World of Anadil is an exciting place.
However, please do not neglect your friends' work and all that stuff.
It's interesting.
Alright, we gotta keep it moving, but we do welcome your feedback.
Mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com.
Do you know anyone that's addicted to video games?
And what kind of effect has that had on their life?
We want to hear your emails.
And we will get to the mailbag a little later in the show, but first...
We have to feed my Castlevania addiction, because Castlevania is one of the best series in the history of video gaming.
And, well, Paul Anderson has left Castlevania to go work on his new Death Race 2000 remake.
Oh, yeah!
Or at least that's what early reports indicated, but then came out later to say that, well, it's not so much that Paul Anderson plans on ditching Castlevania,
it's just that he's having scheduling problems between the two right now, so we're not sure which is going to happen first.
Good, because Death Race 2000 needs to be out before Castlevania, because that's a fucking awesome movie.
It's so awful. I can't wait.
Alright, really quickly indulge me here, because all the gamers probably know what Castlevania is, but what is Death Race?
Death Race 2000 is basically almost like Carmageddon the movie.
It's an old-ass movie, one of the first ones that Sylvester Stallone was ever in.
It's basically David Carradine plays this guy who's in this race that you get points for killing people with your car.
And at the very end, he takes out the commissioner of this race, I guess who's the president of the world or something like that,
with his hand grenade. Pun intended.
But it's so ridiculous, though, and I can't wait to see this movie.
Definitely worth checking out, though, if you haven't seen it yet.
Death Race and Death Sport, both about the same thing.
I could just watch The Running Man.
Well, that's pretty funny.
Anyways, so Hitman is getting, of course, a film made about it, and Variety's reporting that it looks like Fox has picked it up,
and they'll be getting shooting, looks like this week, in Bulgaria's capital of Sofia.
And kind of interesting, though, it says the film's going to be filmed in South Africa, London, and Istanbul as well.
Not Constantinople?
Not Constantinople, no.
Anyways, and I guess the guy who's actually shooting this right now is Xavier Genz, who I believed...
Let's see here.
I don't really know what else he's done.
Anyways, who cares?
But it is kind of interesting, though, because they're saying that one of the stars of Desperate Housewives has actually been confirmed as one of the villains,
and I don't follow Desperate Housewives too much, but apparently a cast member...
Let's see.
I don't know.
Oh, Dougree Scott is going to play a suitor Ian Hainsworth.
Sorry, this story was putting me to sleep.
What?
Timothy Olfant will play the lead as the assassin Agent 47.
It'll just be a generic fucking action movie like all the others.
It is.
So Dougree Scott, the guy who plays the British guy in Desperate Housewives, is going to play the villain.
Alright, well, thank you for that, and we will be sure to not see that and wait for a DVD so I can Netflix it.
Just kidding.
Anyhow, one other great fucking same old thing we like to look forward to every week here is the mailbag here at orangeonshreddy.com.
People will email us, and of course that email address is mailbag at orangeonshreddy.com.
Dark Soccer likes to dive in head first into the email bag and pull out some of her favorite emails.
I do?
Well, April Fools, or so she tells me.
She likes to read them here on the air.
I do?
Don't make me shove this mic up your butt.
That's just the voice.
Anyway, anyway, hey, O.L.R., I was just listening to the last episode of O.L.R., and I heard about the youngest O.L.R. listener, a 12-year-old.
But now I declare myself the second youngest listener of O.L.R. at 13 years old.
No matter what you guys say, I'll still listen to you because you guys are great, from Ron.
Thank you, Ron.
You're so cute.
Oh, the cute little baby.
Hey, don't patronize the...
You're so cute, little baby.
Do not patronize the kid.
Anyway...
Wait.
This is from...
Oh, my God, if this kid is 13, then that means he was born in 94, right?
That's the year I graduated high school.
Oh, my God, I know, I was like a sophomore.
Oh, God.
Thank you for making me feel old, Rob.
I was in fourth grade.
When I was your age.
I was in second grade.
No, wait, I was in first grade.
Holy crap.
So, next email.
I was on the date with your mama.
Last night.
Really?
No, that was okay.
This is from Alex.
Hi, Alex.
Rondo of Blood sucked because it was on PSP.
PSP equal to evil.
Youngest OLR listener.
P.S.
My parents don't know I listen to this.
That's okay.
We're going to call them live on air.
Do you know what your kid is listening to?
Wow.
Anyway, Rondo of Blood is awesome.
Okay.
Oh, we have a joke.
We have a joke.
Oh, God, here we go.
Two jokes.
This is from...
Can someone remind me how the Orange Launch radio listeners got encouraged to send us
jokes?
Because we actually read one on air.
This is from Aris, I guess that's how it's pronounced.
All right, I got two.
What's meant to go deep and is full of semen?
A penis?
No, submarine.
A submarine.
Ha, ha, ha.
Okay, what makes people yell when you blow it?
A penis?
A whistle.
Blow my whistle.
Is this another 13-year-old listener of Orange Launch Radio?
Blow my whistle, bitch.
Anyway, this is from, I guess it's pronounced Zaid.
My name is Zaid Mohammed.
I'm from the UK.
Yes, Sky, your Brit accent is a joke.
It's funny.
Bro cracks me up.
Anyways...
Thank you for understanding me.
I really appreciate it.
Shut up, Rob.
I've been listening to your podcast since the PSP RSS feed enabled, and it's good to
listen to you guys because you work during the day and make such a great effort to do
the shows on Sunday night in your own time.
And that's an achievement for anyone.
Okay, this person uses the mixing numbers and shit with their words.
Oh, a MySpace message?
So this fucking pisses me off.
I'm going to read it because it's cool that you took the time to write us.
But next time, please actually use full words.
Spell everything out, and if in doubt, use a spell checker.
You know what's fucking awesome?
Huh?
Punctuation.
Punctuation is great.
But make sure that when you use...
Can we put that on a poster with Chris's picture, doing a big thumbs up?
You know what's fucking awesome?
Punctuation.
Make sure, though, that when you use your spell checker, the words that have been spell
checked are the right versions of the word that you want to spell check.
Remember, B-R-A-K-E.
That's in your card, dummy.
Okay, sorry.
Saw that fucking joke a mile away.
Back to the email.
Back to the email.
Back to the email.
Back to the email.
Because when I get home from work, I'm tired.
Unfortunately, I can't listen to the live show due to time zones.
Anyway, I sold my PSP, and funny enough, but you guys stuck with me.
I enjoy your show so much that I now download the podcast on my PC and listen every Mondays
and Wednesdays.
Loki PSP is fun.
Dark Alex Customs gets real boring once you kit it up to the max.
L-O-L, hence the word, sold it.
Anyways, I just wanted to tell you that you guys are doing a really great show for us
hardcore and non-hardcore gamers.
With all your efforts with keeping us updated on the gaming world, I wish you the best on
the future and more to come.
I love Rice Princess L-O-L.
Okay, I have a headache, but thank you.
I love it when listeners send us nice things.
Please don't get me wrong, but please don't email us in a hieroglyphics.
No offense.
I'm not trying to dog on you or anything, but just because you type the email on your
computer, which doesn't have access to the internet, it's still not the internet.
Please don't talk like you're on the internet.
The more you know.
Okay, next email.
Hey.
Wait, wait, wait.
I'm sorry.
I have a quick something for Chris.
It's a little bit late, but I'm sorry I'm slow because the files on my computer are
misorganized, but here you go, Chris.
Blow my whistle, baby.
Everybody dance.
Suddenly the studio's turned into a lesbian bitch disco.
This mailbag segment was ruined to you courtesy of DJ Alligator Project.
I have the vinyl, by the way.
Didn't I buy you a Guitar Wolf CD once?
Record.
Record.
You were supposed to rip that for me.
That's why I bought it for you.
No, I'm kidding.
Anyway, next one.
Hey, love your show.
I wanted to send you a message that we should all ponder about.
The actual cost of an Xbox 360.
Now that the Elite finally announced, is the 360 still the cheapest current gen hardware?
No way.
Let me explain.
Everyone complains that the PS3 is too expensive, but I believe the 360 is the biggest ripoff.
Here's why.
First of all, to get a comparable 360, you must A, buy the Elite or B, upgrade your hard
drive for $179.
Second, even if you buy the Elite for $479, it doesn't even compare to the PS3 in terms
of features.
A, to get the wireless network, you must pay $99.99.
B, to get high definition movie player, you must pay $199.99.
To play online, you must pay $59.99.
D, to charge your controllers using the console, you must pay $19.99.
So if my math is right, the consumer must pay a total of $859.95 to get a console comparable
to the features and hardware featured in the PS3.
So the old saying now should read, sorry Microsoft, but I can't buy a PS3 Nintendo Wii for the
price of one of yours.
Let me know what you guys think of this.
Thanks, Matt.
The PlayStation 3, probably about 30 games out right now.
Microsoft's Xbox 360, a lot more than that.
I understand what this person is saying and that is true.
It's that sometimes we are unfairly comparing the charges.
When I say we, I don't mean us specifically because obviously a lot of the Internet is
on the same page.
But again, when all is said and done, price be damned.
Xbox 360 has the games I want on it right now.
PlayStation 3 does not yet, but when it does, I will consider buying one.
No problem.
Home still looks pretty cool.
Little Big Planet, yes, more, more, more.
But they'll start showing the real good, Sony.
That's all.
That's basically what I want to say.
You know, PS3 may cost less apparently, but Xbox still has better games on it.
Xbox has Ublis.
It's Ublis.
I do think if Sony were to really start to threaten Microsoft's grip that they've got
going right now, which I think Sony may do in a year, I would not be surprised.
This has been rumors and rumblings already.
If Xbox drops some elements of their gold service and they give you a little more stuff
for free and the gold people get, I don't know, something else special to compensate,
they've been talking about that sort of rumor has been going around for a long time.
I think Microsoft will cut corners where they have to to compete with Sony, but until Sony
really has a lot more games, I don't know.
Anyway, I guess that's my thought.
Okay, well, we have one more email.
Yay.
One more email.
One email to rule them all.
Okay.
Okay, I have been listening to the podcast version of the show for about two to three
months now.
Well, technically it says two thirds of a month, but I think it means two to three months,
I hope.
So now I have managed to catch a couple of live shows.
I want to give you all props because the show is great.
I love Loki's insider info and the comedy of Robin Jamie's bickering like siblings.
That's because Rob's my bitch.
Whatever.
You don't know me.
Sit down.
Shut up.
I'm your mom.
Mom.
Be quiet.
That doesn't sound like my mom.
My mom is like this.
That's my mom.
Wow.
That sounds like your mom giving birth.
That's somebody else's mom.
Someone's sick and deranged mom.
This is my mom.
Rob.
Rob, why are you doing that dumb show on the internet on Sunday?
Rob, why don't you come over once in a while?
Now, this is my mom now.
When are you going to come home?
When are you going to come home?
Why did you move to California?
Actually, I think California is better for you, but you should come back and visit sometime
and bring your husband with you.
You know, your brother Matthew is being such a little ass.
Now, when I was little, it was, you need to clean your room.
I want to take your TV away.
Mom, you didn't get it for me.
Dad did.
I don't care.
Oh, my God.
Your mom was the bus driver on South Park.
Sit down.
Shut up.
What did you call me?
What did you say?
That's very true.
My mom was a screamer.
Anyway, back to the email.
Really now?
That's why I'm not breathing, okay?
I don't want to be like my mom.
Okay, now.
And that's where I learned how to drown out while people are talking to me and then repeat
everything they just said.
It also helped me pass tests when I was in high school.
Mailbag, please.
Okay.
I'm sure that you all have had this debate before, but I'm looking at finally taking
the plunge and investing my summer into an MMO.
I am at ends, however.
My brother is hardcore hooked on Final Fantasy XI and constantly comments on its wondrousness.
Like many people, I have some friends who play Final Fantasy XI and some who play World
of Warcraft.
I am torn between two much less in-depth environments of World of Warcraft and the fact that Final
Fantasy XI is Final Fantasy.
Unfortunately, I don't like any group better than the other.
So I would like you all to help me decide World of Warcraft or Final Fantasy XI and
why?
Some debate would actually help, too, so that it isn't a pure landslide toward World of
Warcraft.
I said that because you always seem to talk about World of Warcraft and you never really
mention Final Fantasy XI.
So, World of Warcraft versus Final Fantasy XI, keep up the good work, the show is great,
and damn Live 365 increasing fees.
That's from Boco Thet.
You can damn the government for increasing those fees.
Live 365 is just doing what they have to do to stay afloat.
If you want more information on that, live365.com slash choice.
I encourage you all to check it out.
But anyway, back to the other topic.
Final Fantasy XI is full of bitches.
Well, I did play Final Fantasy XI for two years and I realize you're a new listener
or in lounge, so you kind of missed that whole period where my gaming week every week was
Final Fantasy XI, Final Fantasy XI, Final Fantasy XI.
Here's the thing.
Final Fantasy XI forces you to have a social experience and be social with other people.
The problem with XI is that it's very difficult to sign on for a short period of time to just
kind of go, hey, I just want to check, you know, I just kind of want to sign on real
quick.
Especially since it takes five hours to get a fucking party.
Yeah, and sometimes you're having to really wait for a party for a long time.
Now, I know Final Fantasy XI, recently I read something about a new patch they're doing
that's addressing some of those issues to try and make smaller parties more effective,
but I don't know.
The reason why I've stuck with Warcraft is that sometimes you have to party, but there's
so much you can do solo as well that kind of keeps the game going.
The thing, though, that I think would maybe woo you over this, check out, I mean, Warcraft
does the 10-day free trial.
To my knowledge, Final Fantasy XI offers nothing similar yet, but maybe you could watch your
brother, whoever you said has it, play it for a little bit.
Get the 10-day free trial for WoW, try it out.
If you don't like it, maybe Final Fantasy XI is more your taste.
If Final Fantasy XI ever chooses to do a free trial, I would say go for that as well.
For someone who, again, is addicted to WoW, shut up.
I'm actually very antisocial when it comes to games, and the only reason I picked up
World of Warcraft is because I'm a big fan of Blizzard.
I used to play Diablo II and Diablo and whatnot, and the expansions on that, but I'm a solo
game player.
I don't like interacting with a lot of people, and then every now and then I'll want to chat
with people, but most of the time people are just stupid, so I don't want to go near them.
But WoW is actually really fun.
You can do it all by yourself, and you can only team up if you want to, and that's the
reason I like it a lot.
Any MMO is going to have some annoying little aspects of it, but I just found that WoW is
a lot more easier to deal with if you don't want to deal with other people.
Then they dance.
Well they do, but to Final Fantasy XI's credit, there is no Taru slash Panic, which does win
in Final Fantasy XI.
You just have to see it to know what I'm talking about.
You know what, our chat room is debating this too, and it looks like World of Warcraft is
winning by a landslide.
I hate to say, for those Final Fantasy XI fans who might be listening, if you want to
argue your points, send us an email, mailbag, orangehonestreader.com.
Hitstun says, objection, Final Fantasy XI is not Final Fantasy.
Nintendo Maniac 64 says, neither MMO is corrupt.
Drunami says, Final Fantasy XI is dead, Final Fantasy XI remains dead, Gill Sellers killed
it.
Yuni says, I suggest that Final Fantasy XI is not worth it, I played three years on it.
DJ Tyrant says, WoW has 90% of their content that can be soloed, Final Fantasy XI has very
little solo content.
In my honest opinion after having played them both, I've put more time into World of Warcraft
than I have Final Fantasy XI, because I could play a lot more solo if I wanted to.
To be perfectly honest though, I actually still like Ragnarok Online more, because I
am curious to hear what's keeping you in the game, because you've heard a lot of us talking
about WoW now, I'm kind of curious, because I know there's a lot of people that still
play it.
I'm just glad I can contribute something, because that's the only game I play now.
You always contribute lots of stuff to the program, whether you'd like to admit it or
not.
Moving on, Halo 2 also has a lot of folks who are addicted to it, and Microsoft has
announced they will be putting out two new maps for Halo 2.
Actually I believe they just went up, they're available for $4 to download.
No word yet if they're going to be free later on.
The maps that just came out are Hangem High and Desolation, which came over from Halo
1.
Kind of cool, if you're a Halo fan.
Yes, if you're a Halo fan.
Now bring on the Halo 3 beta.
Oh wait, and everybody thinks that each update or whatever is going to be a Halo 3 beta.
If you're not a fan of Halo, maybe you're a fan of Xbox Live's video downloads, if that's
the case, well, there's going to be some more content up there for you guys, including some
new stuff.
A few more studios have jumped on board, including Paramount Pictures.
They're going to be adding Braveheart, Team America World Police, World Trade Center,
and South Park Bigger, Longer, and Uncut.
Warner Brothers Home Entertainment is also adding Sublime and Babylon 5 The Lost Tales.
Some other stuff from TV that you're going to be getting, A&E Networks.
They're providing Dog the Bounty Hunter, King of Cars Driving Force, and Chris Angel Mind
Freak, as well as Gene Simmons Family Jewel.
Oh, that's that show they used to make fun of on the soup all the time, remember?
Mind Freak!
Remember that?
Yes.
Oh, God.
ADV Films, they're going to have some anime stuff on there, so you can check that out.
National Geographic, of course, adding some stuff there.
New Line Cinema is bringing snakes on a plane, Texas Chainsaw Massacre, The Beginning, Tenacious
D, and The Pick of Destiny, plus some other top titles, including Austin Powers' The
Spy Who Shagged Me and Magnolia, and Total Vid is providing some extreme sports videos.
How about some titles we don't all already own on DVD already?
I'm looking at you, Austin Powers.
Yay for Microsoft getting more stuff on the marketplace, but how about something to compete
with the DVDs that are out there now?
Does that make sense?
I know.
Especially in the TV department, more HDTV.
Also interesting is their pricing structure has changed.
Now basically, here's how it's going to work.
The new releases now, the 720p HD movies are going to be 480 Microsoft points, or $6, while
the standard size movies are going to be $4, or 320 Microsoft points.
That went up, didn't it?
I think so.
The music films, the HD ones are going to be $4.50, or 360 Microsoft points, and $3
for the normal resolution movies, or 240 Microsoft points.
Then TV purchases, for HD it's going to be $3, and for SD it's going to be $2.
I don't know, I haven't bought anything yet, and I'm not really looking to purchase anything
anytime soon.
I got the one movie, which was cool, the hard candy or whatever, because it was an artsy
house movie that I didn't think I'd find in HD otherwise.
But now that I have the HD DVD player, and I've got some Netflix here, I got Babel on
HD DVD.
I don't know.
I'm kind of using Netflix to get my movie filled right now.
I know this is not the avenue that they want to go in.
I'm telling you, big money here.
Porn downloads, confirm with a credit card number or something like that, that you're
over 18 or something like that.
That would be fucking awesome.
I would love to see porn downloads.
Do you really think Microsoft would do that?
No.
No, because it would be horrible for PR, but they should.
Maybe there's a creative way they could do it.
Like you know, Pimps at Sea.
That's the Halo 3 alpha name.
It's a joke.
They had a movie poster for that, which looked funny.
It was a parrot with a pirate's hook for a head.
You know what?
What?
Chicken butt.
We need ninja, like more ninja stuff going on.
Anyway, because we all know that the natural enemy of the pirate is the ninja, so a pirate
ninja.
There was a pirate ninja in Weebles.
Anyway, for anyone who has been keeping up with Bullet Witch, the Xbox 360 shooting game,
there is now some downloadable content.
Who hasn't yet committed suicide.
Announced by Atari.
What's out is there is a White Witch outfit.
There's also going to be coming up a Mummy Schoolgirl Secretary and Pixie outfits later
on.
Mummy slash schoolgirl comma.
We can't hear Megzi.
I was going to say a Mummy Schoolgirl Secretary.
With pixie wings.
With pixie wings.
I came.
Wow.
Anyway, so also coming up, these are new missions that are 20 Microsoft points each.
The Dynamite Beauty is available now.
Coming up is Clad and Streaming and Great Spells and some other difficulty settings.
There will also be Caterpillar City, Endless One Shot Kill, Geist Search and Destroy and
enhanced additions of City of Screams, Up in Flames at 10,000 feet, Down in the Valley,
The Bound Soul and The End of Chaos.
There will also be theme packs.
For people who don't know much about the game, it's by the studio Cavia.
It's a third person action game and this witch lady has to shoot things.
Which download content will make my game not suck?
I know.
Coming out next month for 100 Microsoft points, a patch that makes the game not suck.
Here's the thing that's really ridiculous about the whole thing anyways is that for
20 Microsoft points, I think that's the equivalent of a quarter, just make it free.
I mean, seriously, you're making a quarter off this crap.
I mean, just make the goddamn content free as if, you know, sorry the game sucks so bad.
I'm going to download this by the way because I have the game, although I don't know if
I want to waste a quarter on this stuff.
I'll think about that.
I may throw it at a hobo instead, you know?
Have any of you worth, you know, a little bit more to me?
Mummy school girl pixie wings, quarter at hobo.
I don't know.
But I do know that Pcross DS is coming out in Europe pretty soon.
Do you like my transition?
Pcross DS is this kind of like picture crossword type game.
I don't know.
It kind of looks like Minesweeper to me.
I haven't played it.
But it's coming out on May 11th in Europe.
It's a part of the Touch Generations label.
Nintendo's putting it out on the DS.
Over 300 puzzles, everything from easy to the toughest upon tough.
Also multiplayer amongst the Nintendo Wi-Fi connection.
So if you want to do some puzzling over Wi-Fi, here's something to check out.
The game has been getting very solid reviews, even though I don't make it sound very good.
Keep in mind I haven't actually played it, so my opinion doesn't mean shit.
Right.
It's an old Game Boy game.
Is it?
I don't remember.
Yeah, it's a very, very old game.
It was Mario's Pcross a long time ago.
Well shit.
And I like puzzle games too.
In fact, I kind of actually, for some sick side of me, kind of wants to get Honeycomb
Beat just because it was kind of fun at that show we played it at.
Oh, I don't know.
I'll hook you up.
Don't worry.
Okay.
Well, let's move on then.
Anyways, so in case you may have been under a rock for some reason, you know, it might
be nice and cool down there.
Who knows?
Well, there, Grand Theft Auto 4 trailer hit the internet and the internet exploded because
I crashed a bunch of different websites.
Sounded just like that.
That was also the same sound that was in my pants after watching it, but no, seriously
though.
It was awesome.
That was also the sound Lizzie Lohan's vagina made shortly after she got out of rehab.
Never mind.
There's a joke there.
Look for it.
A few politicians are a little bit pissed off at the fact that the game takes place
in Liberty City.
Note to politicians, the game is taking place in Liberty City for about four different games
now.
Where the fuck were you?
Anyways, so now they're just like, oh, but now that it really looks like New York, we
don't like it.
And it's funny because I'm going to quote this, I think the best one I read here, sorry
about it, was on Kotaku.
They were saying, and here are some of the quotes that they picked out here, setting
Grand Theft Auto in the safest big city in America would be like setting Halo in Disneyland.
City Councilman Peter Velour.
I want to play Halo.
Halo in Disneyland might make me interested in that game a whole lot more than I already
am.
That's like the lady with the SUV, that'd be right up there with the lady on the cell
phone in the SUV.
The mayor does not support any video game where you earn points for injuring or killing
police officers.
Jason Post, a spokesman for Mayor Bloomberg.
And then the best one, and probably the most uninformed, in previous incarnations, players
advanced through the game by killing cops, selling pornography to children, and killing
prostitutes.
I'm just going to take a wild guess here.
I think one of those three is not right.
Must be the killing cops part, because I don't think you sell pornography to children in
there.
There's not Grand Theft Auto child pornography.
But if they put that in Grand Theft Auto IV, that'd be a great new feature.
It'd be a cool side mission.
Either way though, they're going to bitch and moan.
It's just going to build up the hype for it.
Certain people are going to file lawsuits, and the game's going to come out and fucking
rock.
So anyway, way to go Rockstar, you know how to hype up your games.
Here comes the hype train.
Come on, rather train.
Choo choo.
Choo choo.
It did look good though.
Very good.
I can't wait to play it.
I'll tell you what I'm happy about though.
I'm happy about more Ninja Gaiden, because I need to play this demo.
I've been a big Ninja Gaiden fan forever, so coming out on the Japanese PSN, we have
the demo for Ninja Gaiden Sigma.
And it's not Gayden, it's Gaiden.
Pronounce it right, fuckers.
Ninja Gaiden?
No.
There's a joke I want to make, but I can't.
I know.
I'll make my people angry.
Sure.
No, it just, it really pisses me off, because I grew up, and I was like, I don't think that's
how it's supposed to sound.
And Gaiden, by the way, means side story, huh?
Okay, anyway.
Stop being so Gayden.
I'm going to kick your butt.
So anyway, you run around in tight leather, maybe it is a little gay.
That made Jamie's bitching all worth it, seriously.
The demo is to be out.
I don't see a date, April 27th is going to be their date, so happy birthday to me.
Alright, well, while DarkSakura is playing Ninja Gayden on her PlayStation Network, Ninja
Gaiden Dragon Sword is coming out for the DS, and it's been spotted in Famitsu Magazine.
The game is completely controlled on the touchscreen, but not blocking.
So don't expect your typical 2D Ninja Gaiden.
Great, I'm sure that controls like, awesome.
We'll see, I mean, very little is known about the game except for the fact that it's on
its way.
Unless you can read Japanese, maybe you can get some more out of that than I can, I don't
know.
I did hear that there was, this was shown during like, I think one of their gamer days
or whatever, the equivalent of a press event, and it didn't control very well.
Uh oh.
But then again, then again, the game is, you know, still early in development, and they
didn't fix that, but there were some issues.
Uh oh.
Anyways, something that makes me very happy, I might have to stop playing Earth Defense
Force 2017 for it, Crackdown is getting a new update, in fact they're going to fix the
multiplayer and lag issues, which is nice, because they need to do that.
Enable the Halo 3 Beta.
They're not going to enable the Halo 3 Beta.
Fuck.
Anyways, so some other stuff that they're going to be doing as well, they're supposed
to be possibly expanding the co-op to allow some more players, in fact one of the things
they're going to be adding a new multiplayer mode that was based off of some YouTube videos,
so that's pretty interesting, and then also rumors that they might do airborne cars as
well.
However, there is, there has been a- Wait, flying cars?
Isn't that already a patch for that?
What would you do for the flying car?
You know- Me, George Jetson, his boy, Elroy.
No I- Okay, so but there are going to be some free updates, I know there was one that was
fixing the patching stuff, there's another one that they added that's going to be increasing
the number of gang control cars that are roaming the streets for certain achievements, and
there's going to be later on I guess a free thing to reset the gang so that all the bosses
come back to their normal spot, so you can play co-op and get that co-op achievement
for finishing all the missions that we need to do.
Cool.
Have you been playing the game?
A little bit.
Strangely enough I've been playing Tetris a lot this week, so, because the achievements
are not that hard, so I'm trying to get my 1500 score by mid-April or whatever it was,
I don't have much time left and I have like 600 points to go.
You too may win Contra.
Contra.
I already have it.
I love Contra.
Well, there's something that I'd have to say, some Japanese airlines are getting contrary,
ha ha, Japan's Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport is banning local wireless gaming
on flights because the Wi-Fi signal allegedly interferes with the airplane's instruments,
the same, you know, cell phone thing.
Now, there's an interesting thing about that, as was indicated, and I'm going to go ahead
and quote the source of this, I think is a very good point that Joystiq made, is that
Lufthansa has been offering in-plane Wi-Fi since 2003 and haven't had any crashes because
of it.
The FAA states that Wi-Fi is safe, so I guess that maybe Japanese planes are built differently.
Maybe.
Where the hell does Lufthansa fly?
I've always seen their airline, I've never flown them.
Where do they go?
I flew in Lufthansa when I went to France.
Oh, they're like a Europe airline.
Yeah, well, I went to O'Hare to Frankfurt, to Paris.
That's why I've never flown them, because I've never been to Europe.
Well, you should go to Europe.
I want to.
Are there any listeners out there who want to send me a lot of money, so go to Europe.
Well, speaking of another place I want to go to, Australia, this is some interesting
news here.
Richie Young, who was once the Australian PlayStation 2 magazine's editor, he says he
was offered sex, money, overseas trips, and other types of gifts, all in the name of inflating
game review scores.
We all know that little handouts and freebies and all that kind of crap goes on all the
time, which we try to tell you, this is why you should support indies, because the mainstream
gaming doesn't give a shit about indies, and boy, have we learned that in a big way recently.
I have not had any offers for sex.
Exactly.
We don't get offers for sex, but anyway, very interesting, so that all kind of came to light
this week, and of course, has the internet abuzz about sex for game reviews.
So there you have it.
It's my nerd dream, the two things I love the most.
I want to review video games and fuckerkers, all while leveling my blood elf.
I want to cast a spell!
Oh, Black Wolf.
Why do you want to cast a spell?
There's nothing to attack you.
I'm attacking the darkness.
Black Wolf in chat totally wins with this comment.
OLR doesn't get offers for sex, but they do get fucked.
God, I love you, Bobby Black Wolf.
All right, Skyblind's open, 1877 Game OLR, or username OrangeLoungeRadio on Skype.
Let's go to the phones.
They're already ringing.
Oh, Chris, real quick.
Skype, baby.
I'll make it worth your wild.
Well, how can you turn that down?
Let's go check out the phones.
They're ringing.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
This OLR?
Is this OLR?
Yes, this is Luigi Mario.
Hiya, Luigi Mario.
What's on your mind?
Not much, just calling and say that I love the show.
Do you, Luigi?
Yes, I do.
Yeah.
Why are you, I mean, I've never had a video game celebrity call into the show before.
I mean, you don't have anything better to do on Sunday nights, like save a princess
or whatever?
No, because she's too busy humping Mario.
What, Luigi?
Daisy's in the back playing DDR Supernova.
Daisy's playing DDR Supernova?
Why isn't she playing DDR with Mario?
Yes.
Well, she didn't like that.
She wanted something to up her game.
Okay.
Hey, I got a question.
I've always wanted to ask Luigi this question.
How does it feel to constantly get shafted with your brother getting all the attention?
Well, it doesn't bother me much because it gives me more time to relax and have a little
fun.
Because between a you and a me, I think Peach is a little bit of a whore.
Wait, so are you saying you trade off Princess Peach with your brother?
That's kind of gross.
Well, what can I say?
She keeps getting kidnapped by Bowser all the time.
My girl is at home having fun.
I have a nice accent.
I'm sorry, but I think this joke is in another castle.
I really don't know what to say.
Okay.
Wait.
Well, Luigi, I'm going to ask you, what made you decide to call into our program tonight?
Well, I just got a newer computer and someone had sent me a link to check it out, so I decided
to.
Was that Charles Martinet who sent you that link?
No, one of your listeners.
Oh.
The other guy by the name of Rama.
Oh.
I like Rama.
Rama?
Yeah, he's okay.
I didn't know why you spoke to Rama.
Rama's got a big black wee.
Is that really true?
Wait a minute.
Have you been sleeping with Rama as well as Princess Peach?
Oh, no.
I told the girl about the way.
You should.
Hey, wait.
I've always wanted to know this.
Does Toad?
What?
What do you think?
I think yes.
He's a screaming queen.
What do you think?
Look at what the hell we're at.
All right, Luigi.
Say something else before I hang up on you.
Love the show.
Keep it up.
All right?
I'll be listening to the next one week.
All right.
Thank you, Luigi, for the call.
You're so weird.
All righty.
It's something about the damn holiday today that's making everybody crazy.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Who's this?
Oh, it's Darth Vader on the line.
Hi.
It's Uni.
Hi, Uni.
What's on your mind?
You know, we were talking about Final Fantasy XI versus WoW earlier.
Yes, and you were a Final Fantasy XI player for a long time, right?
Oh, yeah.
I was playing it for about three years, two months.
I keep reminding everybody that.
It turned out I was playing the wrong game.
Really?
And what made you decide that you were playing the wrong game?
Because everybody kept treating me like crap, and I was only helping everybody out that
I possibly could.
You were a white mage, weren't you?
Yes.
I was a white mage, and that's why I quit.
I was also a white mage.
The white mage is the party bitch.
Oh, I know.
This is the...
I little...
Come on.
Come on.
This is where my decision to quit the game was.
I was...
And Rob has seen me play.
I did fucking macros with a controller.
I was hardcore awesome.
I did everything manually.
You did everything manually?
Yes.
Oh, my God.
You're nuts.
Well, I was patient.
Wow.
I would say...
Well, you have to be for that game.
I would call up 22nd Stino to buff to give everyone plenty of freaking time to get there,
and our team was like, oh, I'm going to go pump this log.
So when the bitch comes and we call in our thing, he's like, where's my buff?
I'm like, no, you suck.
So I let him die by going all black mage on whatever our thing was, and then he's messaging
me like, oh, you bitch, blah, blah, blah.
I'm like, no, you're the bastard who didn't show up.
I also leveled ninja and black mage, all both to 75.
My favorite class I think I ever played on Final Fantasy XI was probably when I played
Summoner, but the problem was I was so screwed because if you didn't have Fenrir, you were
like this, you were a piece of shit Summoner.
I know.
I had to deal with that too.
I did, though, have to say that I loved Monk.
Monk was pretty great.
Monk?
I was going to level that to 75, but that was before I decided to quit.
Well, Uni, one more question for you.
What is WoW giving you that Final Fantasy XI was lacking?
The rest of the EXP, a lot more better people that don't treat me like crap, and I can solo
my EXP instead of being the party's bitch.
Are you playing a priest in WoW?
I'm playing a tank.
See, well, it's a different type of character, but then again, the priests I know don't get
treated like bitches in WoW, so I don't know.
Oh, priests get treated like bitches.
It depends.
It depends.
Okay, Uni, I got to let you go so we can get to some other calls, any really quick last
messages for our listeners?
Okay.
Listen to Diana Fire.
Thank you.
All right.
Take care, Uni.
Bye.
Uni does her own show on another network.
She has a cute little picture.
Call the Diana Fire.
It is.
That's her.
That's her.
A little Skype picture.
A little Skype picture.
We like it when listeners.
One time we had a listener call us with video.
It was crazy.
Sweet.
I didn't even know Skype could do that.
I'm so behind the times.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Rayden Softin.
Hi, Rayden.
Analog.
Hey, Rayden.
What's on your mind?
What's on my mind?
Two things.
Can I say actually one thing real quick?
I want to say thank you, Rayvenstaufen, and sorry.
Our original April Fool's joke for tonight was that we were going to have Rayvenstaufen
and some of our other infamous callers host the show, but unfortunately it didn't play
out that way.
Some things happened.
It was kind of easier to throw this together, but thanks, Rayvenstaufen, for being a good
sport and being ready and willing to do that.
Always, guys.
Always.
All right.
What's on your mind, buddy?
I've got two more news stories that you didn't mention, and this you didn't mention on the
other podcast two weeks ago, GameWise opening up a new... This is not bullshit.
They're opening up a new distribution center in Pittsburgh, and that's good for me because
I don't have to wait eight days for a turnaround.
I had heard of that, and that is very good news.
I think part of the thing I like about Netflix is that they have a distribution center in
West Sacramento, so I always get movies within a day.
Always.
I can imagine how frustrating that's got to be to have GameFly, and you're on the East
Coast and you're waiting so long for games because GameFly is a good idea in theory.
In fact, I really don't know why I'm not using it or something similar.
I hear there's one for games and flicks that maybe I should look into.
I don't know.
Not flicks is too good.
Are they not good?
Whatever the case is, I probably should be doing this with games, but for some reason
I keep buying.
I don't know why.
It's an addiction or something.
I don't know.
All right.
Well, congratulations on that, and let me know how the service improves for you once
that happens.
Well, I'm fine with the service already.
It's just, like I said, the turnaround time sucks.
Black Wolf agrees, by the way, that games and flicks sucks.
There you go.
Thank you, Black Wolf.
All right.
What else is on your mind?
Your resurrection hit the PlayStation 3 today.
Oh, on the PlayStation Network store?
Or yesterday.
It hit.
It hit.
So no joke, right?
No joke.
I don't know.
Well, that's cool.
How do I know that?
Because I picked it on my podcast.
Oh, I see.
Is this just a cheap plug for your own podcast?
No.
All right.
Well, have you downloaded Tekken yet?
I don't have a PlayStation 3.
That would be a problem.
I don't know why.
I'm curious.
Black Wolf says Tekken Dark resurrection came up a few weeks ago.
I thought I saw some story about it, but again, I don't have a PS3, so I've been able to check
for myself.
So Raven's talking about you might be a little late for that train.
What?
I guess where I got it was old.
All right.
I put that on the disclaimer on the thing anyway.
All right.
Well, that's okay.
Anything else on your mind, buddy?
No.
I'm not going to even plug the podcast.
You all know about it.
All right.
Take care, Raven's Dolphin.
The infamous, the one and only later.
The one and only, Raven's Dolphin.
Hi, you're on Orange Talents Radio.
Who's this?
This is Legend of Zaku.
Hey, buddy.
What's up?
Smoking a little bud.
I want some cookies.
Buddy.
Hey, buddy.
What's on your mind?
Having a little...
Just chilling out.
Having some Twinkies.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, buddy.
It's on your mind.
Anyways.
Just doing shit like going to this small time anime convention wasn't that big.
I had to chug the Ramune bottle really fast.
Nearly burned my throat.
But yeah, I also went to Nintendo World today trying to win a Wii and a Wii Play tournament.
Never made it though.
Dude, if you play Cooking Mama, it's like so much food in Cooking Mama.
It's lame.
You should have asked to borrow Radma's Big Black Wii.
Yeah, I should have.
But yeah, that's the whole point.
I mean, yeah.
I don't know.
It's just...
It wasn't really that much.
Oh, and another thing.
On behalf of New York City, I apologize with the way our elected officials react to how
GTA IV looks like our hometown.
I forgive you.
And you should...
Yeah, but it's also...
I also forget to disregard what the Daily News and New York Post spews out.
It's just...
They're sensationalists.
They're not even...
They just push junk news to our eyes.
And all they do is just...
They act like the Daily Bugle if it was run by that guy, that Jameson guy.
As in, so did you do nothing but print shit about Spiderman?
Yeah, no.
Not even that.
It's just that they report on...
They hype up everything.
They have a slant...
They're mostly slanted.
They're not as neutral as other papers like the New York Times are.
So I don't take their word...
I only take their word at face value and nothing else.
I want to go back to the...
I know it's just bullshit.
I want to go back to the Wii Play tournament.
What exactly...
Is this some tournament on Wii Play or what exactly was going on?
Yes, it was in Nintendo World.
How did you get denied entry into this contest?
Because I woke up late.
Oh.
Because I woke up late today.
Party a little too hard, huh?
Yeah, pretty much.
Dude, I didn't know you could gut your Wiimote and then smoke it.
Yeah, Wiimote.
It's a Wiimote right there.
We make an excellent bong.
I'm so trying that when I get home.
Yeah, so too.
Dude, this is the most entertaining call Zach has ever made at this program.
This is great.
All right, Zach.
He's up really late.
I'm hoping to see you when I come out to New York City in June.
Yeah, I heard about that.
I went to that too.
We'll see.
More details to come.
Bye.
All right, later, man.
Bye.
All right, later, buddy.
Smoke another bow.
Get her done.
Sorry.
Get her done.
Wow, you did that way too well.
That's why I have no voice tonight, because I keep straining my throat with those stupid
jokes.
Stop it.
All right, yes, Mommy.
All right, that's going to do it for the Skypline tonight.
Thank you, boys and girls, for calling in and participating on the Skypline, because
rock.
All right, let's go around and ask if there's any last minute stories tonight.
Last minute stories.
Speaking news, I rule.
April fool.
She's okay.
Loki?
Guitar Hero 2, 360 will have Fector Pedals, because there's a port at the bottom of it.
I think we reported something like this.
There was a story like this a long time ago, but now it's confirmed, because apparently
the manual says so.
Pedals sold separately.
Now you really can't put the pedal to the metal.
Get it?
Here's my impression of Rob tonight.
This is Rob.
I do sound like a queef.
So here's something interesting.
I think someone, I don't remember if we reported on this or not, but apparently the ochreing
of time guy, the guy who was doing the 2D kind of homebrew game, I remember how he was
dead and everything, well, people aren't sure if this is an April Fool's joke or not.
It might be, but apparently they think that he's not dead because he's been active on
his MSN and Myspace accounts.
Either way, this is going to end up fucked up.
Either way you look at this story is going to end up fucked up, because if it was a big
April Fool's joke, that's fucked up.
But if he really was dead and all these people are not believing it, that's fucked up too.
So there are no winners in this scenario, only losers.
Mitch Hedberg died on April Fool's Day.
That's fucked up too.
And everyone thought it was a joke.
But seriously, if you're going to smoke 500 drugs, you got it coming.
I'm sorry to say, but Mitch Hedberg, rest in peace, but dude.
I wonder if he's like, dude, that'd be so funny if I fucking died on April Fool's Day.
You know that crossed his mind.
Alright, well, anything else, Logie?
No, I don't really have much else other than the lineup of games on Gamefly looks pretty
good.
Oh, like how you can go to Gamefly and look up all these great new games that are coming
out?
Yeah.
They haven't picked up on yet, or well, maybe some folks did, but they can't really talk
about it anymore.
So, you know, you might want to scan Gamefly, see what they got, because apparently Gamefly,
you know, they can do whatever they want because they're Gamefly.
So there you go.
That's hot.
I too made new Wallpaper.
This is what I was doing during the show, was making new Wallpaper.
Well, I'm proud of all of you.
Meanwhile, there's a radio show going on, so-
Why Wallpaper?
Why don't you put some of this stuff up on OLRPSP?
Whatever happens.
Where's the PSP site?
Where's the Wii site?
Where's the love, Loki?
PSP site's still up, just updated, and the Wii site, yeah, about that.
It's coming.
Soon.
All right, let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Chris, Meg Z, thank you guys so much for being here and helping us with our April Fool's
joke tonight.
You guys rock.
I know.
Get her done!
Get her done!
Meg Z, final thought.
Okay, I had it.
Chris, your final thought.
Well, I had a final thought, and then I forgot it.
Oh, my final thought is, fuck you, Jiranami.
Yeah, you heard me.
I said it.
Fuck you.
You know why?
You know why?
Because that one time I went into the chat room, the one time my computer was working
right with the chat room, you booted me off because I was trying to get Rob's attention.
Fuck you!
I idle in chat all the time.
So I'm using that there.
Watch!
All right.
I love you, Rob.
My final thought is, I want a hamburger too, and watching Logi put all that burger to waste
makes me a sad panda.
I'm going to throw it away.
You're going to throw it away right in front of my face.
No, I don't want it.
I don't want to eat something you have eaten, but it makes me go, I want a burger.
Final thought.
Oh, you have a real final thought, Meg Z.
I have an actual final thought.
Okay.
If any of the people in chat or any of the people listening live in the Chicago Midwest
area and are planning on going to Anime Central this year, Chris and I will both be there.
I will actually have an art table, and you should come by and see me and buy my art,
because it's awesome.
Actually, I think one of our listeners said she was going to Anime Central, so you guys
should plan an OLR meetup or something.
Yeah, we should.
Actually, I think somebody friended me from your OLR live journal, and she's going to
ASUN, so we're hopefully... Yeah, I'm going to try and see if I can do a promo thing for
you guys.
Fuck yeah.
Do it.
We'll get you some flyers or something.
Yeah.
I'll do a total promo.
I'll do a total promo with her art and the person who's going to share her art table,
which is Misa, by the way, anyone who is on DeviantArt.
If you're on DeviantArt, you know who Misa is.
Yeah.
I'm going to walk around with both of their art prints all over my body, and I'll have
some OLR flyers, and saying, buy these prints and listen to the show, or God will hate you.
All right.
But God already hates them.
We're going to Anime Central.
Get her done, Chris.
Get her done.
Get her done.
Okay, for Sakura, your final thought.
I have two.
Uno.
I'm doing my last two massages for my school, because I did graduate, but I haven't got
my diploma yet, and I'll have it after I do my massage final on Tuesday, so everybody
think good thoughts for me.
And then... Dos.
She says, you had two, uno, dos.
My other one is in regards to waking up at four in the morning tomorrow, do not want.
Low key, your final thought.
Don't worry.
The Wii site will be done soon, I promise you.
I've got 3D Realms working on it.
They promised me they have the best guys, you know, the guys working on Duke Nukem Forever,
working on the site.
It should be done very soon, I promise you.
They wouldn't let you down like that.
My roommate, Extrofer, just poked his head in here wanting to make a final thought.
I don't know if we should let him, but whatever.
Extrofer, final thought.
I was just going to say, I'm straight now.
You are not.
April Fools.
I am too.
No, not, look at my Myspace.
I'm in a date with the girls now.
Look at your Myspace, that's proof.
Yeah, because I'm really going to believe what I read on Myspace.
Myspace is proof.
You know we already did our April Fools show like two hours ago, right?
No, this is not an April, I know it's coincidence.
Coinkydink.
But I'm with the girls, I want the boobs.
Does vagina taste like pussy?
Does it taste like pizza?
No.
Okay, good, because I don't like pizza.
You know what pink stuff tastes like?
It tastes like mmm.
Oh, okay.
Mmm, ooh please, ooh please.
We hope you enjoyed the last episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
It was fun, it was a great five years, but unfortunately I draw the line at pussy talk.
No, anyway, seriously, we'll see you next week, when we might actually talk about video
games.
Wouldn't that be great?
I can't wait.
So we'll see you then here on Orange Lounge Radio.
