Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Loco
Tonight April 1st, 2007
It's no joke that Sonic and Mario are teaming up for an Olympic game
The Xbox 360 Elite gets officially unveiled
When we talk about who is already upset with the Grand Theft Auto 4 trailer
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week
No really this time of Orange Lounge Radio
We are that internet podcast dedicated to video game culture
The gaming lifestyle and what you the gamer really want to know about
My name is Rob Roberts and joining me as always say hello to DarkSakura
Jamie Summers
Yo
How you doing Jamie?
My nose is full of goo
Gross
Also joining us tonight say hello to Tech Master Loki
Hello
How you doing Loki?
I'm doing good
Alright we have some special guests in the studio tonight
They helped us out with our little April Fools joke tonight
If you didn't check it out the reason why you may not have gotten it
Is because we are going to push the April Fools joke show
Right around the same time we push out this show
So iTunes may not catch it but we wanted to build it that way
So that you know those folks that want to skip through the April Fools joke
Cause you know April Fools is lame or whatever can do that
But those that want to hear what a really funny job Chris and Megsy
And well myself and everybody else did with that can hear it
So there you have it Chris is here tonight everybody
Hi Rob
And she is a lesbian but not the giggling type
No I'm not
Well once in a while if I tell a funny joke she might giggle
Yeah laugh like a hyena is more like it
Alright and joining us all the way from Wisconsin say hello to Megsy
Hi
How you doing Megsy?
I'm okay
Thanks for your help with the show earlier appreciate it
Oh hi
Hi
She's like got her head buried in the PC or Mac looking at something so
Yeah I'm looking at porn
Hot are you down low on lesbian porn on my Mac?
Hells yeah
Hot right
Well anyway again you know our April Fools joke was all in good fun
If you don't know what it is yet go back in the podcast archive and check it out
But we do have some real gaming news we want to talk about tonight
Just a little bit of a disclaimer first though
Because we want to say that it is April Fools day today
So we've been trying to be very careful in what stories we picked out tonight
We didn't take any extra submissions for our show roll after last night
And we're not going to be accepting any last minute submissions through our chat room today
As we usually do just because we're going to try to keep it as legitimate as possible
First off also we did our gaming weeks in the previous show
But I want to see if anybody wanted to expand on that
Because I know we were being a little silly in the April Fools show
Does anybody have anything they want to say in their gaming week that they didn't say in the previous show?
I really didn't get a pin bot
Aww I'm sorry to hear pin bot sounds awesome though
I know I just think it's funny how many people thought I actually got one
You know you weren't here last week we missed you
I had the plague, the disease
But I saw a Doctor Who pinball machine while I was on vacation in Mendocino
And I totally thought of you and I wish I could have stole it for you
I has played one
At California Extreme or whatever they call it?
Yep
I want to go to that this year sounds hot
It was great
Anything you wanted to add Loki?
I played a PC game called Tomiki Fighters
It's kind of cool
It's like a shoot em up game I guess
I don't know
It's one of those needle Japanese games that's insanely hard
But it's fun we're checking it out it's a free download
I talked a little bit about it on my blog post on the All Games thing
So if you want the link to it check that out
But you got to be a friend
community.allgames.com
You got to be one of my friends and I'll be able to get the link
So there you go
There's something in the blog post he wrote he's not saying here
So you should check it out
It's just an awesome game
That's all I meant
Of course
Alright
My gaming week what I really played
I actually did play Ninja Turtles online a little bit
But with a listener of the program not a stupid boy
We were cracking each other up
But I also played a lot of Castlevania 70 of the night
Just trying to make my way through that
Which of course I love
You know what I surprisingly liked a lot though
Is Jetpack Refueled I didn't think I'd like this game
Because I thought it looked a little cheesy
But I think that's kind of why I like it
Is because it really does remind me of
You know an old Commodore 64 type game
Which you know well it kind of was
So but it's the type of game I totally grew up on
And they really did give it an overhaul
For Xbox 360
You know it's only five bucks
I think it's a good like
Like an 80's arcade type game
It's just that instead of getting the same old
Root Beer Tapper, Joust those type of games
It's like something you may not have played before
And it's kind of fun
I haven't checked out multiplayer mode yet though
So I feel like I haven't gotten the full experience of the game
But for five bucks honestly so far
It's not a bad deal
And I apologize about my voice
And to the chatters in our chat room
At chat.orangelandradio.com
Who say I still sound like a woman
From the previous show
Screw you I have no voice left
From yelling a lot last night
I was at Rocky Horror MCing
So I have like no voice
I've been drinking hot tea all night
To try and make myself feel better
Chris is amazing
Oh I'm sorry Tetris Evolution
I also bought
And hey it's Tetris
$30 not a bad deal
Pretty easy achievement points
All things considered
Online play is like you remember it
On the Game Boy version
But
I don't know why they didn't do it as an
Xbox Live Arcade title
I don't know I think a lot of people are going to be wondering that
Because yes you can have videos
And they're high def pretty videos
You can't randomize them which is kind of weird
And they do have music included
But I've actually found the way I enjoy listening
To the game is I use the
XB stream program to grab
Podcasts and I'll play Tetris while
Listening to podcasts like I'll set a custom soundtrack
As a podcast like I don't know
Either you know our show if I want to
Kind of listen back see how we're doing or Major
Nelson or something you know
Or one of the other all game shows I'll listen to those
And it's kind of fun so
Yeah $30 not a bad deal but I think it'll be
In your bargain bin soon
Chris make see anything you guys want to add
I've played Animal Crossing
Animal Crossing on DS? Yeah on the plane
On the plane how was that we can't you didn't use the
Wi-Fi though on the plane did you? Of course not
No but I haven't played for like
Three months and everybody in my village was like
Bitch I invited you to tea like
Five months ago
And I'm like I'm sorry and there was like
A gajillion weeds and I had a bunch of
Mail and it was a mess but I cleaned it up
All the way from Madison to
Here
It would be that long to clean up your village
Kind of and then make everybody not mad at me
Anymore
Alright well good times
I wonder if there's like a still
I guess there probably still is a real active
Animal Crossing community online cause I was thinking
Wow if I just got the game now like most people
I know quit playing that a long time ago
So there would be nobody left to visit my village
But I guess there's still a pretty active
Community online somewhere huh
Chris anything you want to add
Well I actually really did play
World of Warcraft cause it's the only game
Fuck you
I had to spend a lot of time waiting
For Meg Z to get here so I did that by playing
Wow although I did it more as an experiment
I have found if you go to any of the major
Areas where there are lots of people in traffic
And you have a girl character
And you start making her dance
Watch how many guys
Decide to join in it's very
Funny it doesn't even matter
It doesn't matter if you're a girl or not
Not when you're a tauren I'm finding out
Cause nobody wants to dance with a cow
I like to dance with a cow
It works well with the elves and sometimes
The humans just cause there's a lot of traffic
But it's really funny to watch all the boys flirt with you
It is
Especially when you're sitting there knowing wow these guys have no clue
Yeah really
Like some guy asked me ASL and I said
Mail
I said mail 42 Arizona
And he walked away
Awesome
It was very funny
He's in our chat saying I'm going to make a draenei
Dude the draenei chicks are hot
They are
Oh my god I'd bang those if I could
You know I might be gay and all but even I think the draenei
Chicks are hot what can I say
I just like their accent
Not enough rage
Alright so there it is conclusion of our gaming weeks
So um
Let's do some real brief housekeeping here
I have to keep this a little bit vague
We were going to say a little more about it
But I don't want to draw this out much longer than we have to
Obviously it pains us
Journalistically
To have to go back and remove
Something that used to
Be there before
Trust me we did not enjoy doing that
We didn't want to do it
But as I'm sure a lot of you guys will understand
We kind of had to do it
Unfortunately Orange Lounge Radio
Is a hobby for us
And it doesn't pay the bills
Push comes to shove
Things got to change
We also believe in karma
What goes around comes around
I think what we do here is really great
For the community and we give a lot of
Publicity to a lot of
Great up and coming games
We don't get paid for it
They don't pay for us to talk about their games
I guess the only impression we can take away from this
Is that
If a company doesn't want us to talk about their games
I guess there's a lot of other
Dependent games that aren't getting enough exposure
That we should maybe be spending our time talking about
A little more like to Miki Fighters
Miki Fighters
It's fun, it's free
It's a good price
We've certainly been spending a lot of time this week
Kind of reassessing I don't want to go about doing things
Still be the same Orange Lounge Radio
You know and love
Let's get into some news
Game Stuff have their
Financial conference call
I guess their investor
Conference call
The COO Dan D'Amato
I think that's how you pronounce his name
Was talking a little bit about the crippling
Wii shortage that's been
Kind of happening ever since the system came out
And particularly bad
You know with this month
Or I should say last month
March
He was quoted saying I don't think it's going to be
An issue going forward
I think this is just my
This is just my opinion but I think Nintendo
Essentially dried up the supply
Because they made their numbers for the year
The new year starts April 1st
And I think we're going to see the supply flowing
Now
It's interesting of course
Nintendo responded to that saying
No that's not true they never intended
For you know shortage to actually happen
And
You know so on and so forth of course
You know my opinion on that is
I mean if they're really drying up the
You know the sources on purpose
They're not going to go yeah we're holding them back
Because we hit our numbers for the year so
Sorry if you can't get one
I mean that's just going to piss people off
So anyways
You know long story short
I don't know you know
I'm sure GameStop and a lot of the retailers
But I know that the systems haven't been in stores
For a long time and I know
You know at least distribution
As a whole hasn't been able to
Get a hold of them for
The month of March I mean they pretty much
You know
Allocated everything to retail
So what little there was in retail I don't know
If it's because they did it intentionally
Or if it was just they're
Really behind and they really
Can't make enough you know
Either way
Hopefully it'll start getting better in April
And we'll be able to get some systems in time for Super Paper Mario
April fools
No just kidding
What I'm wondering though is and this is something I've been kind of wondering
About this week is that I seem to remember
Last year obviously Xbox 360
Had some real shortage problems as well
And we were pretty harsh
With the Xbox 360 and Microsoft
And you know why the F aren't there more systems out there
And blah blah blah blah
It seems like we've been a little more forgiving
Of Nintendo through all this and I'm trying to figure out
Why that is is that because they just they have
More consoles out there on the market
So that those of us diehards that really
Wanted to get one were able to get one a little bit easier
Or is that because we were smarter about it this time
When we all camped out and got them or whatever
I think we were just a little bit smarter about it
And also the fact that I mean
The 360
Was like kind of the first next gen console
So it was like something you really had to have it
You know a lot of times now it's like
Well the Wii's not out oh well I'll just play my
360 or I'll just play my Playstation 2
Or something like that until it comes out
There's really and also it'd be a little
Different if Super Mario Galaxy
Was out there now
Versus you know later or Smash Brothers
You know Brawl or something like that
If that stuff was out there now
You know that'd be a little bit different but I
I mean personally I don't
But to be honest Perfect Dark Zero is nothing to get that
Excited about for me I mean and the Xbox
Launch games were nothing like oh I gotta have it
True and
I just wanted the system as a whole you know
I don't know the download
The live I don't know I just wanted the damn thing
A year ago you know and I was frustrated when I couldn't
Get one I would think it'd be pretty dumb even
If they are hitting their numbers to
You know intentionally drive the market
I don't think that's even I mean I just think
They just can't produce enough of these I mean
It's even the issue with their accessories
I mean that's kind of a good you know point right there
That they just don't have enough accessories
Out there even to
You know fill the market and you can't
Tell me that that stuff's hard to produce
I mean come on
I guess I'm just wondering aloud here
Are we being fair
To Nintendo like
I mean are we treating Nintendo and Microsoft
The same way
Fuck no they should be getting more systems out there
Some goddamn technology has been out forever
I mean with the goddamn GameCube
Produce more fucking systems
And Dustcap in our chat room agrees with you
Why is there a shortage of the Wii when it's just GameCube
Version 2
SSJ100Matt wants to know how long did the 360
Shortage last I got mine in February
But I think it was May
It was May yeah
I work at Gamestop it lasted until about
Mid March April
You could walk into a store I think I saw
The first available one around the end of January
But seriously though
They need to get on top of
At least the systems out there
I mean okay great
They want to keep the demand up or something like that
I think the demand's up there
People want to buy this thing and if it's any
Kind of indicator
I mean you basically show your friends this
Game system if they don't have it yet
After playing with it for a little bit
They're just like God I gotta get one of my own
I would think you'd want as many systems out there
As possible to get as many impressions as possible
To sell even more systems
Which in turn you sell more software and make more money
So I don't think they're doing it on purpose
And I mean
Everyone's kind of running with this
You know before because it was the CEO
It's his opinion and
That's it I mean it's as valid as my opinion
So I don't know
We don't know you can only speculate
All that matters is
It's April now more systems in stores
Well at least
We do have some good news
And this is no joke
Nintendo and Sega
Have both stated
That Miyamoto is going
To be part of the development
Of Mario and Sonic
At the Olympic Games
So
They're actually talking specifically
That there are going to be
Not just that there's a number of different titles
From what I'm seeing anyway
But the game is being
Created by Sega with work by Miyamoto
I'm sorry
When it comes down to like the 500 meter dash
Or whatever the hell it is
Sonic is going to beat the crap out of Mario
Mario's a big fat plumber
Tear his ass open
Who lives on a diet of mushrooms
Megsy's pointing at her shirt
Getting upset because she's wearing flying Mario
Okay but in defense
Mario will kick the crap out of Sonic when it comes to
The high jump and shit like that because he's got hops
But fucking Sonic will beat him
What happens when Mario sets Sonic on fire?
Yeah
Well Sonic can go faster
Than the god damn speed of sound
So there
I think
Mario will also have Sonic
Beat in the ability
To make a good next gen
Game competition
But you know who will win?
Nintendo and Sega
Because they have tricked you into
Buying a god damn olympics game
If history
Have shown you anything
Olympics games suck
Really bad
So
Personally I don't know
If this gets you interested in the olympics
Hooray I'm not falling for it
I ain't buying this shit
Let's see I'm looking at chat room
Funny deal had a really quick comment on the last story
Nintendo has been pulling this shit for years now
And fans keep buying their bullshit
Anyone remember the Nintendo NES chip shortage
Or the Nintendo 64 shortages?
No you must be old
No I'm just kidding
I wasn't really following gaming back then
As closely as I am now
I mean a little bit but I was much younger
And a lot of that didn't sink in like it does now
Let's see
Also moving on here
MooMooCannogram says
DarkSakura
Y'all know that there are other characters in the game
Well I would say yeah
But Mario and Sonic being in the same game
Is kind of news worthy
So what if there's other characters
Just seeing Miyamoto with Sonic
Is weird
It doesn't matter who else is in the game
To some extent really
Alright
Well moving on to
Something that did not turn out to be an April Fools
Joke and I told you it wasn't
If you want to go back a couple weeks I said
Look I know something you don't know
But this Knights thing is not bullshit
And sure enough
It's not bullshit
A magazine cover was leaked out of
I believe this is Sweden
This games magazine
Game Reactor put this image up on the internet
And then of course it caught wildfire
They kind of had to replace it with a ghost image
Of Knights but there it is
A world exclusive on Knights
And I'm sure they just beat the punch
To some American publication
Just going to have the same thing
As previously in the teaser thing
And I was going to say there's also been screenshots out there now too
So it looks kind of cool
Now here's a question though
You know Sonic games as of late
Ever since the Dreamcast
Have not been that great
So is this
Sega's chance to redeem themselves
Or should we just
Prepare to set ourselves up for disappointment
I want another Clockwork Knights
Dark Soccer
I know you've been a long time Sonic fan
But what are your thoughts about Knights on the Wii
Do you think they can make a good one?
What if it turns out
Like Sonic on 360 and PS3
It can't, it's on the Wii
You think that will be it saving grace?
WEEEEEE
Be honest
It's not as fast as Sonic the Hedgehog
Control issues won't be
That big of a problem
I hope
We'll see
Well there it is
Um, not to say told you so, but, but yeah, Maisie, wait, wait, before we get to the next
story, Maisie, you're squeaking over there.
What I'll ask you the same thing I asked Jamie as a Knights fan girl, I mean, could, Sega's
kind of done a lot of misfires lately.
What, what's going to stop them from misfiring this one?
Because it's Knights.
But Sonic was cool and Sonic on PlayStation three and 360 was not fun.
Okay.
That's Sonic.
Yeah, I don't know about your logic, but okay.
You know what?
It will be, it will be good because it is Knights period.
But okay, Mario is missing had Mario in it and it wasn't that much fun.
Mario was missing was the shit.
You're just easy to please.
I don't know.
There's no, I don't know what else to think.
Oh, what's this from her girlfriend?
I said, you have no idea.
Ooh, la la.
In that E3 for everybody or E for all, whatever you want to call it, the E3 event or E3 like
event that you can go to because it's open to the public, God help us all.
Um, anyways, so one reason you're probably gonna want to go there other than the fact
that it's open to everybody is that Nintendo is going to be there and they're going to
be one of the flagship exhibitors demonstrating their kind of, um, huge lineup.
Hopefully by that time we'll see, you know, the big, you know, Super Mario Galaxy and
Brawl and whatever fun crap that they're coming out with.
But um, it should be interesting.
I know, especially if they're on board then, you know, it's likely other people will jump
on board as well.
So anyways, E for everyone or E for all, it's going to be coming October in LA, same place
as the original E3 and only $100 to get in.
And there's going to be, I want to say they said 200,000 people there.
Wow.
That's going to be interesting if they really pull that many in.
I don't think that's going to happen, but still though, 200,000 people there.
You know what?
I have to admit I'm interested.
I think I'm going to reserve the time off work and go down and check it out.
I think I'm, I'm very interested in seeing what this is all about.
200,000 people in half the exhibition space.
Yeah.
That's going to be very uncomfortable.
I don't know.
But unless they're talking about, you know, they're counting each day separately.
I don't know.
That is a very lofty goal, but E3 was crowded as it is.
I mean, I don't know, but I'm seeing as most of us won't be going to E3 this year because
we did not feel the love.
Although I was convinced that Namco Bandai was going to send us an invite, but for some
reason it didn't happen.
I don't know what possibly went wrong there, but yeah, we're not going to E3.
Well, I'm not, Loki's not.
You know, you know, I am, you know, you know, you know, when E3 started going, going down,
you know, you know, it was the mark of it, of it starting to go down because they got
rid of the booth, babes, but no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I don't know.
Going down was having to fight my way around the crowd.
That's lined up to get autographs from Paris Hilton.
That is that's when I knew that E3 had jumped the shark when Paris Hilton was getting those
kinds of lines at E3.
I was like, what's wrong with this picture?
This is it, but the booth babes, well, there'll be booth babes at E4 all.
I'm sure.
There you go.
Are you going to go to E4 all?
Maybe.
I don't know.
I'm thinking about it.
She says, no, I don't know.
I want to know a little more about it.
Like what is the, I mean, yeah, Nintendo's going to be there, but what is going to be
the must have?
Yeah.
I mean, seriously, am I going to pay a hundred dollars to wait five hours to play a game?
I mean, seriously, there's 200,000.
If 200,000 people actually are, first of all, I don't know that that could actually work,
especially with like fire codes and stuff, but let's just say they're able to cram 200,000
people in there as it was last year with E3, 70,000 people, I believe.
And it was fucking crowded.
And now you have half the space and more than double the people.
Fuck that.
Uh, JVMON says 200,000 could be a typo.
Maybe they meant to say 20,000, which is a bad, and that's not a bad, that's not a bad
showing for a conference, especially your first freaking year.
You know, if they can pull off 20,000, I say that's a hell of an achievement for your first
year out the gate.
So, well, we'll see.
Best of luck to E4ALL.
And um, I think I'm going to go, I don't know about how you guys are feeling about it, but
I want to go.
I want to go to E3 though, but yeah, well, we don't always get what we want sadly.
Like I said, you know, we give free publicity, we give free publicity to games on this show.
So if you guys want to rely on Jamie to deliver that all to you, then I guess you got your
work cut out for you, Jamie.
Hey, I'm amazing.
You're going to be doing live shows every night, right?
Like we did last year.
Chirp.
So guess what's not live?
Zombies.
They're in Resident Evil.
My voice sounds like a zombie tonight.
That's okay.
I'm going to.
Hey.
So, Resident Evil Wii, yeah?
It's Resident Evil, the Umbrella Chronicles for the Wii is going to be at 480p progressive
scan 16 to 9 widescreen.
Isn't that great?
Well, I'd be interested to know if they're going to do any control changes with this
or whatever.
I mean, hooray for, you know, it doesn't look like there's any word on it yet.
It's just supposed to be in pretty mode, I guess.
There will be after the Capcom Gamers' Day thing, which was, I think, I think that's
like in the next couple of weeks here.
There's been mumblings that might not be the only Resident Evil thing on the cards for
the Wii, but I guess we really won't know anything until Capcom Gamers' Day, because
they're pretty good at keeping secrets, huh?
Yeah.
Yeah, and pretty good about being pissy to people who try to get into their stuff.
That's true.
All right, well, we do know some things that are coming out.
Well, I guess it is still a little bit of a rumor, but these have a lot more foundation
to them, and that would be Final Fight and Street Fighter II Turbo making an appearance
on the Virtual Console.
We know this because it has shown up on the ESRB's list of clear titles.
Seems kind of screwed up that Street Fighter II Turbo is going to be making its way to
Wii Virtual Console when Street Fighter II just came out not that long ago.
It's kind of like, obviously, Street Fighter II Turbo was the superior game.
I don't know why anyone would want to have both.
At least back the first time this all happened, there was like a two or three year span between
the games, but now it's kind of like, sucker.
You still can't play it online, but if you want to relive it in all its Super Nintendo
glory, you have that ability.
Final Fight, by the way, sucked on Super Nintendo, I thought, because it-
Booze!
I have all those games.
But it didn't have Guy in it, and yes-
I have Final Fight Guy.
But in Final Fight Guy, it didn't have Cody in it.
It's like they just replaced the sprites or whatever.
No they didn't.
And there was like stages missing.
He had his moves.
That's why it was all about Final Fight CD.
Or yeah, or just Final Fight Arcade, you know, I don't know.
I don't know if I can get that excited about that on Virtual Console, but these are a little
more exciting, other Virtual Console releases, because Hudson updated an official list, so
we know these will be happening for sure, Bonk's Revenge, which I assume comes as a
surprise to no one, will be coming out on the Wii Virtual Console.
Also Bravo Man, Shock Man, and Battle Lode Runner, which is kind of cool, because Lode
Runner was like an old school computer game I used to love, and I have to be honest, I'm
not familiar with the TurboGrafx-16 version, but I know some of our other staff was getting
very excited over this game, so it must be good.
You've played more TurboGrafx than I have.
Do you know Battle Lode Runner?
I remember.
I totally know.
Hmm.
Interesting.
Maybe someone in chat wants to say something on it.
Chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
Anyways, it's that time to talk a little bit about what's coming out this week, and we've
got some good stuff coming out in the US.
It is a very slow month as far as games go, but this week, starting with PlayStation 2,
we've got Brave the Search for the Spirit Dancer.
It's kind of a good kid's game, I guess.
If you're into karaoke, you have SingStar Pop coming out, both the version with microphones,
or if you bought SingStar Rocks, you can get the game by itself.
I have a random question.
Can you use a Karaoke Revolution mic with these games?
No.
Bastards.
But hey, SingStar Pop, though, it does come with the actual microphones with it, two of
them, and it's the normal price of karaoke revolutions.
Well, I know.
I realize it's two different companies and all that stuff, but you know.
Yeah, I know that for a fact that those don't work.
Anyways.
I'm kind of sick of karaoke games, anyway.
Yeah.
Also, coming out, let's see, on PlayStation 2, we have The Plan, which is a PC game that
got ported over, and it's very, very cheap.
Let's see, PSP, Prince of Persia Rival Swords, that is also coming out on the Wii, and Pimp
My Ride will be making its way out on the PSP as well.
I don't know if you should be too excited about that.
Rapala Trophies, if you're into bass fishing, hooray, on the 360.
On the PlayStation 3, Enchanted Arms, which should be pretty cool.
Same damn game as before, I believe they added maybe a few things to it.
And let's see, on the Wii, Prince of Persia Rival Swords, I already said that.
Let's see, Bionicle Heroes is also supposed to make its way out, also ported the GameCube
game.
Let's see, on PC, The Sims 2 Celebration, that looks kind of neat, and a bunch of other
crap games, including Hot Dog King, which is my favorite title of the week, by the way,
and actually, Locomania sounds kind of fun.
That might be kind of neat.
And then, let's see, on the DS, Cake Mania, and Final Fantasy Fables, Chocable Tales,
that should be pretty cool.
And then, finally, the game, probably going to be picking up this week, Guitar Hero 2,
making its way to the 360, so, pretty awesome.
I thought you were getting my copy early, what happened?
Comes out Wednesday.
I'm working on it.
Pull through for me, I have to be the coolest kid on the block, and have it before anyone
else.
What do you mean you have it?
You're a liar, April Fools, Magsy, full of lies and loos.
Just get heart, love ya.
Well let's move on to more release dates.
How about the UK?
Well here's what we've got coming out, on the 5th we have Prince of Persia, Rival Swords,
we also have Rayman Raving Rabbids on Xbox 360, on the 6th we have Frontline Fields of
Thunder, Metal Gear Solid Portable Ops, NBA 2K6, and the Red Star on PS2.
I remember that at E3 a couple years ago.
What's that about?
I just remember it was shooting stuff, and I like guns.
It's an old acclaimed game that finally got published, and it's being made into a movie,
it's based off of a comic book series as well.
Yeah, what he said.
Alrighty.
Well, moving on over to Japan and checking out what's on their release date schedule.
Cold Set Saga is getting an updated version out in Japan this week, which I think is kind
of interesting.
I thought the game had already come out, but it looks like they're getting an updated version.
I'm not sure what exactly they've updated, but there you have it.
If you're a Cold Set fan, I'm sure you're going to want to pick that up.
Also coming out, Championship Manager 2007 in the Asian territories.
On the Nintendo Wii, Barnyard comes out in Japan.
I'm not sure if this is a game we already have here.
I think it is.
Is it based on the movie?
It is, yeah.
Blech.
It doesn't look that fun, but if those of you guys in Japan want to play that, have
a ball.
PlayStation 3, absolutely nothing, but PlayStation 2, you're getting a couple games moving into
Koei's The Best series, including Neo Angelique, but some new games for you.
Netsuchuu Pro Baseball 2007, and Rakusho Pachi Slots Sengen 5, for those of you guys who love
your pachinko.
It looks like some sexy ladies there.
Actually, wait.
I don't know, though.
That might actually be just a slot machine game.
Maybe that's why they go on pachi slots.
I'm sure they've got pachinko in it, too, though.
Come on.
It's a gambling sim.
A gambling sim with sexy ladies.
I've never played pachinko.
Can you explain pachinko to me?
How exactly does it work?
I have no fucking clue.
But you played it?
I was in Japan, and they told me, you've got to play pachinko, because it's one of those
Japanese things you just have to do when you're in Tokyo.
So I went to the pachinko parlor and put $10 in, and it ate my $10, and I didn't know what
to do.
It's basic.
Okay.
I don't know the basics of the game.
I'm sure somebody-
It's legalized gambling.
It's pretty much legalized gambling.
So there you put these little metal balls falling in certain spots.
I don't know exactly how it's supposed to go, but the goal is to collect these little
metal balls.
I can turn that into a sex joke, but I'm not going to.
And basically what you do is you can exchange those racks of balls for either prizes-
This game sounds fucking hot.
You can exchange those for prizes, or you can usually go around the corner and get money
for them.
Or you go exchange them for these little voucher things and whatnot, and it gives you money.
But Rob makes you eat too gross.
I've collected a lot of balls over the years.
Where's my prize?
I'll give you a prize right here, Rob.
You have your own set of balls.
Your dick is bigger than any man's I know.
That sounds like something you can order at a restaurant very similar to the ones that
would serve Rocky Mountain oysters, you know?
Rack of lamb, rack of balls.
Well, the maturity level of this program just sunk to a whole new low.
Do you even care what's coming out of Nintendo DS in Japan?
Sure you do.
Watashi no Happy Manor Book, which is my favorite Japanese title of the week.
And of course another pretty lady wearing a purse on the cover, but I assume that this
is a simulation game that teaches you manners, because you can pick A, B, C, and it looks
like these little scenarios with a guy and a girl out on a little date or whatever.
So this is interesting, to say the least.
Also coming out on the DS, Detective Conan, Tantai Ryoku Trainer.
Isn't this series ever going to die?
I like that.
Probably never.
The app is old.
And then lastly on the PSP, Mobile Soup Gundam Seed, because you know you love your Gundam
games.
Nintendo vs. ZAFT Portable.
There you have it, Japanese release dates.
Aren't we happy?
We are happy.
One thing though that may make you happy, doesn't make me happy, but PSP is getting
you yet another firmware, 3.30.
And what will it give you?
Well, some interesting stuff.
For example, you can have some brand new video sizes, including full screen video now at
480x272, the native resolution of the PSP.
Somehow it's able to pull off 720x480 resolution, which is actually DVD resolution, that's 480p.
I don't know how the hell that's going to fit, since there's not that many pixels on
the damn screen, but okay, sure.
And then there's another thing that you can actually use a wireless hotspot, which I believe
is the T-Mobile hotspots, and you get like 60 days, like a trial for that or something.
It will of course break any of your homebrew stuff on there, so you know, you may want
to wait a little bit because, let's see, because there's some good news, and that is that like
most PSP firmware releases, this one's already been cracked.
And yeah, it's been cracked already, and actually the rumor is that DarkAlex is working on a
custom firmware for 3.30, so I would say give it a couple more weeks, and you'll probably
see this on the internet.
Another interesting thing though you may want to watch out for is if you do have a TA82PSP
motherboard in there, and you have the custom firmware already on there, if you try to upgrade
to this it may break your PSP, so you probably wouldn't want to do that anyways if you have
the custom firmware in there, so just be careful.
Well, better hope that people heed that, right?
Yes.
Well, moving on, I have actually some more good news for everybody, although no one's
really surprised by this, is that the man, the voice, David Hayter, is returning as Solid
Snake in Metal Gear Solid 4, Guns of the Patriot.
That just makes me absolutely so happy.
Also coming back are the voice actors for Raiden, Roy Campbell, and Otacon, so that's
very cool.
And that actually just makes me very happy.
Isn't David Hayter also the voice of the blood elves in World of Warcraft?
He's awesome.
He also wrote the first X-Men movie, too, the screenplay.
The first two movies.
He wrote it?
Yeah.
I did not know that about him.
I'm so sorry, guys.
My voice is giving out so bad tonight.
Which is why the third one sucked, because he didn't write it.
I didn't realize that's what he did.
You know, now that you say it, I'm like, oh, I don't know where that's going.
And he also did Applebee's commercials.
I found his voice reel.
I want my baby bit, baby bit.
Oh, Jiranami says, no, David Hayter did not do the blood elves.
Somebody pulled the Napier Fools joke on me then, bastards.
I thought it was some famous voice actor that did it.
My bad.
Well, there's also, let's see, he's also, I think, working on the script as well, I
think.
For the game.
Hmm.
Well, God, shouldn't the script be done by now?
But he's actually in Kojima's podcast this week.
Oh, cool.
You'll have to check that out, then.
They still, you know, have to do the translations.
I guess that's true.
That's true.
Because the game will come out in Japan, I'm sure, before it comes out here.
Something that still hasn't come out in the UK would be the free Blu-ray movie that was
promised to the PlayStation 3 adopters over in the UK.
They were supposed to get Casino Royale, which I think is a much better pack-in movie than
Talladega Nights was.
That's pretty awesome for those folks in the UK.
But they were supposed to connect to the PlayStation Network, and then the first 20,000 were going
to get their movie.
But nobody's gotten it yet.
Casino Royale is fucking awesome.
I still haven't seen it, but I really want to.
It's so good.
I'm not one for Bond, but that movie is amazing.
It's all she freaking talks about.
It's not all I freaking talk about.
So he's like, have you seen the Bond movie?
Have you seen the new Bond movie?
It's freaking hot.
Every time Bond comes up, I ask if they've seen the new Bond movie, because it's really
good.
And you should see it too.
I know you don't like Bond, but I don't like Bond either, and it was really good.
Fucking hate Bond.
No, I hate fucking Bond.
You know what?
This just isn't working out.
You know what?
Fuck you.
I love it when lesbians fight on this program.
Let's see.
Now, Sony is saying, though, they're going to make good on their promise, but remember,
you might have to wait 45 days after the release of the movie in your region before it gets
mailed to you.
Ouch.
So, perhaps it's going to take a long time for that movie to come out.
Because I seem to remember when Talladega Nights came out here with the PlayStation
3.
It bundled in there.
Well, it was bundled in, and it was before the movie actually came out here, right?
That's true.
It was like a real special something, huh?
Even though that movie is not that special, unless you're talking special ed.
You're special ed.
You're mom's special ed.
Anyways.
Last night.
So, you may be waiting a while to get your copy of Casino Royale.
Well, you may be also waiting quite a while for getting any Eidos games on the PlayStation
3.
According to Eidos, they are planning to hold most of the PlayStation 3 titles they
are planning on releasing until their 2008 fiscal year.
And the reason behind that is they believe the PlayStation 3, while it being a successful
platform and developing technology and products, and they're planning on developing technology
and products for this console, says, however, we believe that the install base will be high
enough until the second half of the 2008 fiscal year.
So not only do you have to wait until 2008, you have to wait until the second half of
2008, which fiscal year for most companies is from, I believe, April to April, I want
to say, or March to March or something like that.
So second half would actually be fall of 2008.
No Tomb Raider on PlayStation 3 for you.
You know what?
I'm kind of done with Tomb Raider anyway, so I'm not that upset, but what other franchises
could this affect?
Umm...
Juice X?
I'm trying to remember, Eidos recently, they haven't had too much stuff come out.
They were doing like Battle Stations Midway.
I'm looking at their page on Wikipedia.
Thief, Hitman.
Hitman, yeah.
Oh, that's a pretty big series.
Okay, there you go.
Huh.
Well, I don't know.
None of those games are games I get super excited about, although I have always wanted
to try.
Thief is always one of those games I'm always like, oh, I really need to play that, and
I just, I haven't.
You know?
So many games, so little time.
And maybe original IPs also that, you know, aren't on there too.
That's true.
That's true.
It looks like Eidos does do a lot of, oh, they do Legacy of Kain too, I forgot about
that.
All right, well, no love for the PlayStation 3 until 2008, but Jamie's got a lot of love
for you all out there, don't you, Jamie?
Yeah.
And she loves to share the website she finds with you on the internet every week in a little
segment we call Dark Socras.
I really need tea or something.
My voice is cracking like I'm 12 all over again.
No, it's, well, I have tea, I have my licorice tea, but it's just not enough.
Licorice is nasty.
I'm sorry.
I love licorice.
Anyway.
Dark Socras website of the week.
Okay, I couldn't find another website, so I just picked one at random, and it's transmission.org.
It's T-R-A-N-S dash mission dot org, and it's a UK website for the club scene for Transvestites.
So I'm done.
Did you actually browse the website?
I mean, what kind of-
I was looking for shoes.
You were looking for, wait a minute.
I was looking for shoes.
Hold on.
Stop the damn music for a minute.
How does looking for shoes on the internet turn into, oh my gosh, I just found transsexual
clubs in Britain?
Let's get them.
Because there's a link on here, on their links page.
There's a shops link, and it has fetish footwear and shoes for trannies.
These shoes are $300.
These shoes are $300 fucking dollars.
Let's get them.
So yeah.
You started it, Rob.
You started it, Rob.
I guess I, I don't know.
I guess I deserve that.
I don't know.
Let me borrow that top.
It really is a pretty, pretty famous transit.
You want the rest of my water bottle for now?
I'm not sick.
Okay.
I have a drink.
Let me go bribe people.
All right.
Chris is going to go bribe people.
Try to get us some drinks.
I'm going to give people some blood.
All right.
Anyhow.
Can I help?
Can you just help?
Well, you guys are about to get bribed pretty soon by NCSoft and ArenaNet, because they
are putting out not just one, but two new Guild Wars titles, for those of you guys that
are into Guild Wars.
Guild Wars Eye of the North will be a new expansion that is coming out.
It is coming out for around the holidays, 2007.
It's got 18 dungeons, 10 brand new heroes, and 150 new skills.
It's going to be pretty awesome.
Guild Wars, Guild Wars 2 is also going to be coming out in the second half of 2008.
That was officially announced, and they are going to follow what worked for them with
Guild Wars, no monthly subscription fee.
The world will always be available, just like the original Guild Wars.
That's kind of cool, especially for those folks into Guild Wars.
What I wonder about is, are folks going to abandon Guild Wars 1 for Guild Wars 2?
I mean, this is the question we ask ourselves every time a sequel to an MMO comes out.
EverQuest 2 didn't quite get the love that EverQuest 1 got, because people didn't want
to leave their characters behind.
I'm kind of curious if Guild Wars is going to suffer that same fate, or if because, eh,
I only have to buy it once, I'm not paying a monthly fee, there will be some extra incentive.
I also heard something about if you get the expansion for Guild Wars 1, this Eye of the
North, you will unlock stuff for Guild Wars 2, just to, you know, make people buy everything
they want.
So there you go.
Gotta collect them all.
Yeah.
Gotta get them all.
Anyways, this isn't really a news article, more of a, I guess a commentary by me, but
I was reading, there was this post on Joystiq actually, and it's a column that they do,
I believe every other week, by a woman named Bonnie Ruberg, and basically she writes a
column called Playing Dirty.
It's a column on sex and gender in video games.
And her article this week was, Lady, Get Off the Road, and it's basically talking about
men say women are bad drivers.
This confuses me greatly as a woman behind the wheel with the token grumpy driver's license
photo to prove it.
I take my on-road duties seriously.
And basically her complaint is that she believes that those comments about women being bad
drivers are unfounded, and in fact, it's-
Can I say something funny I saw a woman doing on the road yesterday?
No, this is, Chris, I swear to God, this is a true story.
I saw a woman driver in one of those student driver cars, right?
So, but she didn't have anyone with her, so she was obviously the teacher.
She's not even the student driver.
No, I know.
No, but the woman wasn't a student driver, she was like the teacher.
She was sitting there in traffic, because we were all in bumper to bumper trying to
go across the Bay Bridge, text messaging while driving.
You can't text message, break up.
You can't text message, break up.
So yeah, she was text messaging while driving a student driver car.
True story, I am not shitting you.
This is- That takes a special kind of loser.
This is why you women get a bad rap.
Exactly.
You wanna know why men get a bad rap?
Small penis cars every single fucking time.
I'm on the road, especially in the BMW that I have, I have a little beamer.
What the hell is that car called?
What is that car?
It's like a four BMW.
I know, but- I don't know.
It's one of the new little beamers I've got.
So every single time I'm in that car, men decide that they need to let me know that
they've got a bigger cock than I do.
I don't know why, but this is what they feel like they need to do.
And then they perceive- Now, what you boys don't know is that Chris
has a very big cock.
That's right.
In her top dresser drawer.
Exactly.
And when it vibrates, beat that motherfucker.
Not as big as mine.
That's right.
Hers is detachable though.
So- Shut up, Rob.
But yeah, you men are- Lesbian sex, bleh!
You men are just as fucking bad, so don't talk to me about that car.
Okay, and maybe- Okay, so men-
Sorry, do you wanna finish the article?
Sorry.
Yeah, I wanna finish.
Anyways, so they go on to complain basically that men, you know, are driving fast and they're
breaking- Oh, and they're also kind of blaming the racing games a little bit.
They're all- Just, I mean, just think about racing games we design for guys.
Breaking speed limits, injuring other vehicles, even crashing.
They've got awful driving written all over them.
Yeah, I don't think games are reality.
Duh!
You know, I don't go around, I'm gonna try to hit the car!
I can make some points for that!
No, I'm not retard, okay?
So here's the thing.
I fucking hate the goddamn women that drive the giant SUVs, talking on their goddamn cell
phones, not paying attention to the fucking world, and because- Getting distracted by
stupid shit like, hey, look, there's a bird over there, and meanwhile like swerving all
over the fucking place because their conversation's interesting.
That's the difference.
Because they don't have a game made on that kind of retardedness, okay?
That's why.
You know, if there was crazy cell phone driving SUV bitch, the game, I mean, great, then we
can go out there and play that and you'll have something to play.
But I will give you that there are guys out there that drive their stupid, they think
they're sports cars, you know, or race cars or whatever the fuck they think they are,
you know, super fast and zip through traffic and stuff, and great, okay, they do that,
you know, but usually I let them pass me no problem.
But it's a dumb bitch that's driving 20 miles an hour on the freeway talking on the cell
phones swerving all over the place, not using her signal, and you know, goddamn, might as
well stop and back up on the freeway, and I have seen that by the way before.
That's what pisses me off.
And that's why, I'm sorry, it does take a few bad apples, actually a lot, a lot, a lot
of bad apples out there too, kind of spoil a bunch, and you know, women should just get
pissed off at these stupid people that drive, it's really SUV drivers.
I want them to make that crazy SUV cell phone talking bitch game.
I actually have to agree with you, those bitches need to fucking die in a car accident with
fire.
And you know what, the guys at speed out there, they end up crashing anyways, so it's all
bad drivers.
I'm sorry, I missed something, what the fuck does this have to do with games?
It doesn't have to do anything with games.
Why the fuck did you bring this story up, man?
Because it was on Joystick, and because it was, and because it's basically, they're talking
about like Need for Speed, Cytruck, and Burnout and stuff like that, kind of blaming, I guess,
So what, is that how the article reads?
Blah, blah, blah, woman drivers, blah, blah, blah, woman drivers, blah, blah, blah, stop
texting, blah, blah, blah.
That's what I read.
Cytruck, burnout, okay thanks.
Is that it?
That's what I read, that's how my guy filter went through that, you know, it's like squawk,
squawk, squawk, med suck, squawk, squawk, squawk.
I thought that was your wife talking to you.
Oh no.
Or me.
Or me.
Although I just would like to say my little beamer can kick all your guys' asses.
That's right, that's right, I'm going 120 miles on the freeway, I'm wondering why somebody
going 80 is in my way.
Okay, I'm going to go fry people.
Next!
Alright, wow.
Oh by the way, in this final thought she had on here, men like perfecting their skills
at racing sims because they need to practice.
Women, they're already such good drivers that they can squander their free time on destruction.
So smackdown.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, are you politely commenting for a reason here, because anytime there's
a story about bad driving, you have something to say about it, but tonight, strangely quiet.
I'm just wondering if you're holding the anger in, or if you're just rolling your eyes mentally,
I don't know.
I'm trying to get a feel.
What is going through Jamie's mind?
Because men can't think beyond their own egos to be objective, so moving forward.
Everyone knows that Capricorns are the best drivers anyway.
What the hell do they do with anything?
They do bad driving and good driving.
So how about smackdown, right?
There's going to be some smackdown in here pretty soon.
On new smackdown vs raw 2008 edition, to be on the PS3, we DS also a bunch of other shit.
So there will be superstar fighting styles, a lot of new ones, a struggle submission system,
you also have new arenas, new weapons, you have ECW stuff, and some of the fan requested
updates like new rosters, environmental hotspots, seasonal and general manager mode experience,
out of the ring, online, kind of interesting stuff, but I just think smackdown vs raw is
funny because wrestling is like soap opera for guys.
Can you retire your character after a few successful seasons or whatever, and then start
your own reality show that appears on VH1?
Every time you try to retire Hulk Hogan though, he comes back a year later.
It's just like Michael Jordan in basketball, right, or whatever?
I'm so gay, obviously, I don't know what I'm talking about.
You like the last smackdown game, so is this something you're interested in picking up,
Darkseid?
Dan will, so I don't have to worry about it.
Who puts the smackdown when you and Dan do battle in smackdown?
I just make characters and make him use them.
I usually make really kickass characters though.
Like the old WrestleMania 2000, I made this character who was this really pretty boy in
D-Generation X, and then we just let him play on watch mode where you could just watch all
the matches and he won every single match, had all the belts.
We even put him in a women's match.
That wasn't another game, because I remade him in another game, but still, he had all
the belts.
He was fucking awesome.
I just remember because he was pretty.
Pretty Boy, was that his wrestling name?
Pretty Boy?
No, he had some cool name, but he was just, I think his name was actually just Mr. X.
How original.
All right.
Maisie, what, you had something to say?
Maisie has a joke about wrestling, sure, why not?
We're about ready to wrap up this segment, so we'll close with the joke.
The difference between gay sex and professional wrestling is mostly mental.
How's that?
Just watch professional wrestling, and then watch some gay porn.
Not much of a difference.
Some advice from Maisie there.
All right.
Well, we are going to take a quick break here.
The lesbians saw boobies.
What are you looking at here?
I'm on Destructoid, scrolling down, and apparently they have this Nerdcore 69, Celebrity Boobs
and Nakedness, etc.
Then they very badly photoshopped the old Boomerang controller and Atari controller
on there.
Is it like an April Fools joke or something?
I don't know.
I'm just scrolling down.
They do some pretty funny photoshops over on Destructoid, though.
I do like that site.
It's a lot of fun.
All right.
I guess that's going to do it, though, for part A here of Orange Laundry.
I don't know if you're thinking, gosh, this is a little short.
Well, don't forget, we had a little joke we played on you at the beginning here that was
a separate show.
But we will be back for your full part B right after a quick little segment here.
Coming up in part B tonight, we're going to talk about the Xbox 360 Elite, because there's
a lot on that.
We're going to talk about the Castlevania movie as well, Halo 2, Grand Theft Auto trailers,
Ninja Gaiden, a whole lot more.
Your calls coming up in Orange Lounge Radio part B. We'll be back in just a little bit.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
