Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream
twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links
to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio.
This is episode number 227 for April the 8th of 2007.
We tape live every Sunday night over on orangeloungeradio.com.
We have a chat room full of people listening to us right now.
Hi chat room!
And we'll invite some phone calls later on during the show.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
We'll open the Skype line a little later.
Also in part A, we tease that we're going to be playing match game tonight and we want
to congratulate GS68 for being one of our two contestants for match game.
He will be our chat contestant, but we'll open it up for a phone call a little later
on in the program.
We'll tell you when to call.
But in the meantime, we're going to get back to some gaming news.
Yes, and let's start off with the news that pretty much hit the internet on Monday.
And everyone is all excited about it.
It's the next generation of music games, Rock Band.
And this is the brand new EA harmonics kind of co-game there.
Basically this thing is going to be kind of you get drums as well as bass and lead guitars
and you're also going to have singing.
So think Guitar Freaks or Guitar Hero mixed with Drummania mixed with Karaoke Revolution.
And that's basically the game.
And apparently they're going to be using this not only to have some fun games and stuff,
but they're also going to make it almost like the next MTV, whereas they're going to launch
music this way.
And I don't know, it just seems like it's a big bunch of nothing to be honest.
I think that this is going to, it's just going to be the next fad.
It's just like...
Wow, Debbie Downer, what's your problem with this game?
Well, I think it's going to be the next big fad.
I mean, it's just like Guitar Hero is big right now.
I mean, Dance Dance Revolution was big a few years ago.
And once this comes out, everyone's going to be all, oh, it's awesome.
But you know what?
Is there anything wrong with being a big fad if they're going to sell millions of copies
of it?
Well, they're going to sell a lot of copies of it, especially some expensive peripherals
involved with it, according to some rumors.
But it just frustrates me because I know when this game comes out, what's going to happen
is everyone's going to forget about Guitar Freaks, Drum Mania, and Keyboard Mania.
And they'll be like, oh, this is brand new.
This is so innovative.
So innovative.
It's not innovative at all.
Well, to an extent though, if they do make it playable over the internet, and you know,
you have this virtual band, that to some extent is innovative because the problem with Guitar
Freaks, Drum Mania, Keyboard Mania is A, most of the home peripherals for those games sucked
ass.
The keyboard was pretty good.
I have to say that.
If you put the keyboard up on the table, it was actually really good.
But the drum controller for home?
Not that hot.
Guitar controller for home?
Not that hot.
The Guitar Hero controller improved on that.
But you can never really have that experience at home.
From what I understand, you can session Guitar Freaks and Drum Mania, but again, the song
list is not that great for those games.
It's no Sweet Child of Mine by Guns N' Roses.
So you know, adding this whole karaoke thing into it seems like a natural progression,
especially for harmonics.
I think to some extent it could be.
I mean, I do agree it's just going to be a fad, but I think it kind of takes it one step
up from the Sing Stars and the Guitar Heroes of the world because now, for those people
that never wanted to play Karaoke Revolution, because it's like, oh, I don't want to sing.
I don't want to sing.
It's now, oh, here, go bang on a drum.
I think here's what's even the more disappointing part about the whole thing is fucking Konami
wake up.
Where the fuck have you been?
You've missed a train and the next train and the next train as far as music games go.
You're letting these people, I mean, you have the whole market cornered for this stuff and
now you're just kind of letting it slip away.
I don't know what they're thinking.
What's the big deal?
I mean, they really should have, when Guitar Freaks or Guitar Heroes-
Is that where your bitterness comes from, that you're just more mad that Konami didn't take
the opportunity with this?
I'm mad that they're going to call this original.
That's what I'm mad about because, and I blame a lot of bad press about it because there's
stupid press outlets that will not know of the Japanese games and they're just going
to pretend this is the first-
Maybe it's because the Japanese games didn't resonate here like these games do and it's
all about the song list.
I mean, as much as you and I and her and her might like the Japanese songs-
It doesn't matter if it's a song list though.
I mean, you can take a game that has a crappy ass song list, like one of the DDRs or something
like that, and still when In the Groove comes out, you can't say that that's original.
So it doesn't matter.
If it's been done before, it's not original.
I don't care.
If they want to improve on it, great.
That's awesome if they want to improve on it.
But it's not fucking original.
If I see a goddamn achievement for originality or some fucking award that they're going
to win, I'm going to be so fucking pissed off.
GS68 says Konami wailed on In the Groove and pump it up but is pretending Guitar Hero doesn't
exist.
That's because Guitar Hero did to Guitar Freaks what In the Groove should have done to DDR
and that is completely rebuilt it from the ground up and didn't try to make it a clone
of Guitar Freaks.
The only similarities between the games is they both have guitar controllers in their
rhythm games.
Otherwise they gave it the more amplitude look.
They gave it characters and charisma and songs that we all knew.
Guitar Hero, for me, hella improved on Guitar Freaks.
I still have a soft spot in my heart for Guitar Freaks once in a while.
How many fucking versions of Guitar Freaks are out there?
Over twelve now.
Eleventy billion.
Fourteen I think is what they're up to now.
It's the same fucking game.
The tracks aren't that great.
Which is what Guitar Hero is going to turn into.
Yes, it is going to turn into this.
I like the harmonics now.
This kind of makes sense now why they stepped away and they said, okay, never soft.
You can have Guitar Hero.
Bye.
We're going to go work on something bigger and better.
That's smart harmonics to me.
I think so.
I'm curious to see what it's going to become, but here's my thing.
People bitch about having to buy $600 systems and stuff.
Imagine buying, let's just say, I know that this is not real, but the prices that got
leaked out there from GameStop, they were saying that they were starting to do preorders
on stuff because they'll preorder games that don't exist yet.
Let's assume that each of the controllers is going to cost at least $40 or something
like that.
You're spending $200 on a fucking game.
That's a little much for me, I would think.
People are ready to drop $600 on a PlayStation 3.
Why not?
Yeah, but still though, they drop another just for one game.
You buy the guitar, she buys the drums, I buy the mic, we got a band.
I guess she's going to get them all anyway.
You're a peripheral whore, but I want to ask you, this is very interesting, and I think
this is why Loki is so passionate about this issue, because you guys have to realize, six
years ago, Flashback, Roseville Golf Land, there I am on Keyboard Mania, there she is
on Drum Mania, there he is on Guitar Freaks, literally the three of us were playing this
band thing.
Insert random other person on the guitar.
We were kind of doing this a long time ago.
We had a picture of us, all of us, on the machine.
Now, nobody looked at it because I was 80 pounds heavier in it, but it was all of us
on the machine.
So I'm really curious, what do you think of it?
He doesn't seem to care for it, because it's not original.
I'm a little disappointed though, that he just didn't fully rip it off and do a keyboard
as well, because that is kind of important, I would think.
And I generally kind of like the idea, because, you know, well, Guitar Freaks, what do you
think, Dark Soccer?
Um, I honestly, I think it's going to be fun, because it's the closest we're going to get
in America to, I mean, I do agree with calling it, you know, original and innovative is kind
of, you know, bullshit.
But it's the closest we're going to get over here, it'll make it, you know, I think it'll
really catch on.
I think that it's going to be a big thing.
You know, I am a little disappointed though, in Konami, just a little bit, because they
used to be so edgy with like, you know, DDR, and then karaoke revolution, no one had even
thought about doing something like that, or at least, you know, I guess SingStar was out
there, but, you know, really hadn't, you know, done anything like that big.
And then they just kind of, let's make more Yu-Gi-Oh games.
I mean, it's just, they need something to just come out there and go, boom, just like
totally knock all this stuff, you know, to the wayside, you know, come out with the next
big thing, you know.
I think the other killer about this though, is the fact that MTV is behind it, and that
money machine is behind it, and the fact that they're going to get original bands by the
original artists for this game, not covers like you get in Guitar Hero, DDR, well, some
DDR, some karaoke revolution.
I mean, EA, you know, don't get me wrong, EA makes, their games are, you know, pretty
good.
They're solid.
I mean, they really take the time to make them good, and despite the fact that I may
not like most of their sports games, but, you know, I'm not a sports game fan.
But still though, you've got, you know, they have the money to make this game good, and
you know, you've got Harmonix, they know how to make music games, and then back that with
MTV, now that, since they own Harmonix, it's going to be, it's going to be huge.
That's, you know, no doubt about it.
I just hope it's diverse.
Yeah.
You know, I don't want to play all these emo bands, you know, one emo song once in a while
is kind of fun, you know, I wouldn't mind doing, hey, me today, and I wouldn't mind a little
bit of that emo, but, you know, I don't want a whole game full of that.
I hope that, like Guitar Hero, there's a balance between some classics, some, you know, new
classics, 80s, 90s stuff, and today, you know, I kind of hope they find a balance, and we'll
see them.
And I'm sad that there's no keyboard in it, because that was...
There should be a keyboard, though.
I can do keyboard better than I can sing, but, you know, I understand why it's not there,
but it doesn't make me any less sad.
Well...
You know what I want to know, this is real, you know, kind of stupid, but, you're going
to have four peripherals or whatever for this game, and I'm assuming that they're going
to be USB on, like, the 360, they're lacking one USB port for that, that's gonna be a problem.
They need a...
Wireless mic?
I don't know.
Nothing...
All right, I'm sorry, Microsoft does not allow anyone to do a wireless anything.
Ah, whatever.
Well, I think this is kind of cool.
During the conference for Rock Band, the harmonic CEO, when he was asked if there was any chance
that Rock Band would make it onto the Wii, he said, absolutely.
It was actually specified, he said it without hesitation.
He's quoted saying, we will, at some time, bring Rock Band to every important platform,
and harmonics would be tailoring Rock Band to play to the strengths of each of the platforms,
and he likes the Wiimote.
Hmm, well, I guess that's inevitable, though, that Rock Band would make its way to that
platform, except playing online is going to suck, because Nintendo will make you put in
Franco's little crap.
And if you're going to do it on the Wii, please do not use the Wiimote as the fucking drumsticks
or something like that, it will never work.
Just make new peripherals.
They could do a Taiko no Tatujin on Wii.
Or it would be better, is if they made the peripherals universal, where they'll work
for the PlayStation 3 and the 360.
That would be pretty cool.
You know they're not.
They could.
If it's USB, that would be no problem.
I don't know.
All right, well, moving on, going back to Konami for a little bit, maybe this is where
their music game franchise is headed, is BeatMania 2DX, trying to relaunch that, I guess, well,
I don't know, so much relaunch, but trying to get that off the ground in arcades in the
US.
You might remember there was a home version of BeatMania that came out a couple years
ago.
And of course, everybody compared it to Guitar Hero, which is so wrong, because BeatMania
was out many years before, and that's why Loki's so mad.
But what should be interesting to note is that, remember there were location tests recently
for 2DX Gold in America?
Well, according to this user on bamanistyle.com, Brazzoliange, I probably mispronounced that
horribly, sorry, this guy called Dave & Buster's headquarters and spoke to this woman there,
and she said that they saw the game at a convention in Vegas, ASI, and fell in love with it, and
that they are seriously thinking about putting the machines in D&B locations, but they're
having problems finding a distributor right now in the US and has not seen an easy way
to import them.
They're glad that there is a client base already established for it.
Autonomy or Betson is likely to be distributed in the US sometime around August or September,
and this lady, I guess, is looking into that.
So Dave & Buster's, they want to buy 2DX Gold, they're glad to see there is a client base,
and they're looking into purchasing machines.
If you want to sign the petition or call them and show your support, all the information
is over there at bamanistyle.com.
But pretty interesting.
It'll be interesting if that game finally took off here, but I don't know, it's a bit
of a novelty.
I love B-Mania 2DX, but I don't know, it will not have that same draw the Guitar Hero has
unless Konami starts putting recognizable songs to American audiences in there.
Put in anything Timbaland produced in there, or mix it with some new techno, like Faster
Kill Pussycat, recognizable stuff, a little blend of R&B, bass, hip-hop stuff, and trance
and dance, and it'll be huge!
They don't know, that would never work, and what they need to do is they need to reinvent
the whole damn franchise for the US, if they're going to do that.
They need to create an actual game that feels like you're DJing, instead of just having
keys and stuff.
Actually, you just have turntables, a mixer, and stuff like that, more like Kraken DJ,
or even like Easy to DJ or something like that.
Easy to DJ though, of course, is still more like Beatmania, but I think there was a lot
of stuff that was fun about Easy to DJ that wasn't there with Beatmania 2DX or something
like that.
They just need to make it, because right now people, when they see that, they're all,
well that's not going to teach me how to DJ or scratch or something, but make it closer
to it so it makes you actually feel like you're DJing.
Kraken DJ!
Kraken DJ is a good example.
But Kraken DJ got old for me so fast, maybe it was just because the songs in there were
not recognizable at all, but I don't know, something about 2DX kept me on.
They had a great, even though I give it a hard time for not having recognizable songs,
at least the Konami produced originals have been very good, although I do think the quality
has been slipping ever since like 10th.
But I don't know, that's just me.
I'm a jaded old man, Bimani player, what do I know?
Got the old part right.
I mean, hi Rob.
Excuse me, what year were you born and what year was I born?
What thing am I holding up?
Rob.
Alright, that's more years than that that separate us, but...
Rob, Rob, Rob.
My birthday is in two weeks.
Really?
And we're going to Disneyland, from what I understand.
Yes we are.
Yay!
Rockin' Space Mountain.
Hell yeah!
We're back in time for the show, hopefully, otherwise we're doing it live from I-5.
Uh, hi, this is me and I'm driving.
God damn it!
Fucking SUV!
God damn it!
Oh, by the way, Rock Band's coming out.
God damn it, motherfuckers!
That will be me, won't it?
So anyways, to add more fuel to the fire that is of this rumor that Sony's done with the
PlayStation 3 20GB system, that's skewed at least, well Sony style is no longer carrying
the 20GB system and that's kind of interesting and that kind of further backs up what everybody
else either, you know, this is one of those things where they're either officially done
with it or it's just one of those things that the system isn't selling, the 20GB at least
is not selling and I know for a lot of retailers out there they aren't carrying them anymore
so I don't know if they're going to officially announce that they're done with the 20GB system,
probably not because they want people to feel that they at least have a choice out there
but I think they're done with the 20GB system, it's my opinion.
And actually, I think, while I was trying to read here, Joystiq, I believe, contacted
Sony style and they were told that they haven't had it in stock for a month and they said
they're not getting any more, you could go out and find one though.
Has anyone checked the Metreon store?
I don't know, but I know my 20GB is awesome so you don't need that fucking Wi-Fi shit,
that's just, just plug it in, plug the damn thing in.
Wake me up when there's a game on the PlayStation 3 I want to play and then I'll talk hardware.
Exactly.
Well, in other news, for anyone who has been interested in Lair and Heavenly Sword, they
actually are both not coming out in May as we have been told.
They still have a 2007 release but Sony isn't really saying much about it so we'll just,
I guess, keep listening to them spew some bullshit in our way and see what happens.
Probably summer.
I don't think they have anything else coming out, I mean Lair, Heavenly Sword, I don't
think they have anything really, well I guess Warhawk, oooh, Warhawk, that's gonna be awesome.
Ohjoyandrapture.com.
Let's see, let me just add that to the list of reasons why Sony should have just fucking
waited until 2008 to launch the system.
Write that up there on the board, alright, there we go.
Now we have, that was the eleventy billionth item on the list there.
But one system that is, interestingly enough, picking up more steam, you know, sometimes
a lot of people give this system a lot of crap, but the PSP is still chugging along
and now it's chugging along at a lower price, that's been people's number one bitch about
the system, well now the core system is only $169.99, that is a drop from the $199.00.
Keep in mind though that the core only comes with, I believe, what, the unit, the charger,
and that's it.
It doesn't come with any games, it doesn't come with shit.
Yeah, but if you're gonna buy the Entertainment Pack or something like that, those have also
dropped down 30 bucks as well, so.
Keep in mind though, the cool thing about the PSP versus the DS is that, you know, you
can get online with it right out of the box, you can visit OLRPSP.com with it right out
of the box and download your favoritest podcast in the world, oh, you need a memory stick
though.
I'm just kidding.
Touche.
Anyways, other things coming to the PSP, at least if you're in Japan, they're getting
a voice over IP service being made by Jaja, and apparently it's not exactly easy to use,
you actually have to log into Jaja's mobile link using your PSP web browser and via its
Wi-Fi connection, and I guess, I remember reading this and there's like some linking
with phones and stuff like that, not exactly easy to use, but you can do it.
Unfortunately there's no side talking, so that's kind of lame.
So how long before we get our first phone call to OLR on a PSP?
I don't know, probably a while.
But yeah, there's a YouTube video out there, so if you want to see it in action, you can
do that, but of course if you don't live in Japan, you're kind of screwed, so.
All right.
You know what?
What?
I think we should all just move anyway.
Just move?
Yeah, why not?
Make our own country.
What brought that on?
And have all of our stuff imported, so we'd never have to worry about waiting for any
games.
Yay!
Games more expensive!
Awesome!
Anyway, there's a rumor floating about that there will be a downloadable demo of Final
Fantasy 13 available on the PlayStation 3 network.
Square actually replied to the rumor saying Xbox Live may be the download hotspot this
spring thanks in large part to the Halo 3 multiplayer demo, but late this year the honor
will go to the PlayStation Network.
As until Halo Wars demo comes out in the fall or something like that.
That'd be funny.
Well, it's still floating about the rumor mill, so.
Final Fantasy, wait, here's my thing though.
Final Fantasy actually hitting a deadline on time?
Right.
That would be something else.
It might hit Japan Store in fall, which means we'll get it next spring.
Not necessarily.
Although the release dates have been getting closer and closer between Japan and the US,
right?
Yeah.
There's that and there's ways.
Oh, it's logging on to the Japanese store.
Yeah, but then all the text is in Japanese.
Who cares?
It doesn't matter.
Alright, well another who cares for me, you know, we've been talking a lot this episode
about Guitar Hero and Hands On Mobile has signed a deal with Activision to bring Guitar
Hero to cell phones and other mobile devices.
You know, I could read the press release, but seriously, who gives a shit about Guitar
Hero on a cell phone because you know it's gonna suck.
I mean, I'm sorry, but you know, rhythm game, I mean, DDR on the cell phone sucks, so why
would Guitar Hero on a cell phone be any better?
People should stop gaming on cell phones.
Hey, I play Lumines.
Yeah, Lumines is okay.
Tell that to fucking Nvidia, or not Nvidia, Nokia.
Nokia.
Yeah, Nokia.
The only cell phone game that's worth playing is Snake.
That's it.
We don't need anything else.
You know what cell phone game is pretty awesome?
It's called Turn Your Phone Off and Just Fucking Drive instead of trying to play your stupid
mobile games at red lights.
Anyways, Apply Makeup The Game.
That's horrible.
Actually, I think they do have a game like that too.
Do they really?
Like Barbie?
Barbie cell phone game?
I've actually seen women driving down the road, they're like putting makeup on, like
I've totally seen this in traffic, like lipstick on the rear view mirror, it's like DRIVE!
Yeah, anyways, you have a little bit of makeup, it's not going to transform you from, you
know, Yeti to, you know, Beauty Queen, so.
Anyways, there has been some interesting stuff, and I kind of feel bad for the guy a little
bit.
There was a lawsuit, I guess, finally settled between the producers of Guitar Hero, Jon
Tam, who was the brand manager, and we actually met him.
I was going to say, when I was reading that article, I was like, wasn't Jon Tam the guy
that you got, I wasn't in this news story, but you guys were on a news story on one of
the local stations, which is on YouTube, on the Orange Lawns YouTube, if you look up our
account, you can see this guy that got the smack down here.
Anyways, settlement has been reached, they are no longer able to, there was some interesting
stuff around this, because it didn't make any sense to me a little bit, because they
said that they were doing a demo of a game that was based off of Step Mania and Guitar
Hero.
It says a demo incorporating elements of Guitar Hero and Step Mania.
I thought Step Mania is not a game, wouldn't that be in the groove that they're talking
about?
I don't know, whatever, the groove is basically Step Mania anyway.
Another part of the introduction, they basically can't develop any drum, guitar, synthesizer
based games for the next year, nor can they work on Xbox 360 controllers for Guitar Hero
2 until six months after the game's release, and some other stuff like that.
So, that kind of sucks, oh, and they also can't, I guess, work with the Ant Commandos
for a while.
This is what you get when you break those NDAs.
Alright, well then you won't be breaking any NDAs, right Loki?
Nope.
Alright.
I don't break NDAs.
That's right.
Alright, well, one thing we like to break open every week here on Orange Launch Radio
is the mailbag, and Dark Soccer likes to jump into the mailbag and pull out some of our
favorite emails to read for you right here on the program.
If you want to email us, it's mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com.
Dark Soccer!
What?
Who sent us Anthrax this week?
My mother.
Look how evil of her, okay.
First email, hi, it's Zaid from London again.
I was just wondering if you could shed some light on Resident Evil 4 Wii edition.
I was reading about it on the net, and I'm still not sure if it was true or false.
Also I found out that the US are getting the Wii with DVD playback, but do you have any
idea if us Brits will get that too?
Last of all, what's your views on the Wii with DVD playback?
Always have a good one, Zaid Mohammed.
And last, sorry about my email last week, mixing numbers, letters, and poor spellings.
I hope this one is better.
Yeah, I'm a bitch.
Don't even bother.
Can someone please just cut that little clip of the show out where Dark Soccer is admitting
she's a bitch?
No, I'm proud.
Heart.
Hey, Rob.
What?
Broken heart.
No.
No.
No.
Resident Evil 4 on the Wii.
Yes, it's happening.
We don't know much, but we talked about it in part A, right?
So go download part A. As far as DVD playback on the Wii, well, I think that's been announced
previously.
How do we feel about DVD playback on the Wii?
Hooray.
That could be the 10th DVD player in my house.
But for the little kid with a Wii in his bedroom, I suppose it's nice for watching DVD movies.
Yes, Loki.
Gateway to porn.
That's what it is.
Gateway to porn.
Now that can play all the porn DVDs.
So let's gateway the porn.
Hooray.
All right.
Will the Brits get the Wii with DVD playback?
Eventually, I'm sure.
Yes, but six months later than us.
Because Nintendo hates you.
Actually, all console manufacturers hate you.
Anyway, next email please, Rob.
I seriously don't know what Britain did to the rest of the game world.
I feel sorry for you guys.
Something to do with the revolutionary war.
We'll help you smuggle one into the country if you want.
We'll figure something out.
We got an email from Ron says don't call him cute.
We call Ron?
I don't remember him calling.
He was the young one.
Aw, the cute little kid that emailed us.
Next email from AZHP.
Hey guys, I just wanted to let you guys know that when I was listening to your podcast
waiting for my vector calculus class to start and Rob started playing blow my whistle, I
inadvertently began bobbing my head and before I knew it, I was break dancing outside the
classroom and then the music stopped.
I was sad.
Sad face.
But it brought back great memories of playing that song on Max 2 and for that, I wanted
to thank you guys for making my day and confusing the hell out of everyone else around me.
We lived to confuse.
That's right, but if you think that that song gets stuck in your head when you hear a little
bit of it, it makes you want to bob your head, we can do worse.
You know, Rob, camstorm.
You have to have the, you know.
Aw, but I do, I do, I do.
That song was horrible.
Next email.
Alright, yes.
Dear LLR crew, first of all, congratulations to Dark Sakura for graduating and getting
certified EROC.
I know.
Thank you.
Finally, someone else says it.
Anyway, I recently moved very near Sacramento, California, where I understand your fine program
is produced.
Being gamers of notable breadth, I was curious if you could solve a conundrum.
I found myself a dude who used conundrum in an email.
Wait, the funny guy moved to our neck of the woods?
Yeah.
Well, I still remember getting an email a while back where he invited us out to dinner,
but it was like, I think the same week we all went to Disneyland so we could go.
Yeah, it was.
More.
What the, why?
Email.
Why hasn't he come on the show?
Email.
Alright.
Maybe he'll answer that question.
Alright, fine.
It seems that I've recently begun to crave pinball mildly.
Oh, you are so in luck.
And while I seem to have a number of excellent software pinball solutions, I wish to operate
a proper table with flippers and steel balls and lanes and bumpers and popular culture
tie-ins and sampled sound effects and clever magnetic mechanisms that look like giant hands
that come out of boxes or tyrannosaurs that eat pinballs or the Death Star.
It is my understanding that such things have become rare and difficult to locate and so
I put the question to you.
Where might I find good local pinball?
Not at RBGL.
Shit.
Oh, there's a PS on here.
My profound thanks, Warrior Bob.
PS, having listened to this show for some time, I do realize that one answer is Jamie's
house, but I think I should continue searching in the interest of not being really fucking
creepy.
PPS, Byron promised me pinball once that they were liars, because Byron is a piece of crap.
Scandia had a bunch of machines.
I haven't been there in a long time, though.
Madison and I-80.
Have you seen the weird thing that they've gotten up and down?
Their new little, like, we're going to throw you up in the air thing, that ride they have,
that thing is scary looking.
As if you were afraid of, like, oncoming traffic hitting you.
What a fucking eyesore that thing is, too.
Sorry, I know this will make sense to no one outside the Sacramento area, but my God, Scandia
has got this new ride called the motherfucking eyesore.
The piece of shit.
Because when you drive by that thing, you feel like you're being blinded.
It's called the pooflinger.
I thought, like, for example- Hey, email, right?
No.
Yes, but I want to say real quick, the last time I went to Scandia, which
granted was a couple years ago, they had, like, seven pinball machines there.
RVGL's machines are shit.
They don't have anything now.
They have, like, two machines.
Honestly, the best place in the entirety of the city to play pinball is my house.
And I'm not even joking.
I sadly wouldn't doubt that.
Honestly, it really- she has, like, at least six or seven operational machines, and they're
free.
At present, I have- and not all of them are mine, because, unfortunately, Dan's friend
Will doesn't have anywhere to store the machines.
So we have a bride of pinbot.
We've got, um- what else do I have here?
We have bride of pinbot, judge dread, whodunnit, rocky and bullwinkle, guns and roses, um...
Star Trek The Next Generation.
What the fuck?
What is that?
Sorry.
Extrofer and Nellie are in here because they're waiting for match game, and since we haven't
acknowledged them on air yet, they haven't been able to talk.
They're passing notes back and forth, so I confiscated the note like a teacher, and apparently
Extrofer wrote on it, I heart penis, and actually drew a little penis.
That was Nellie.
Oh, that was Nellie.
That's what Extrofer drew with this little-
It was like a bone.
But then it drew, I heart bunny, and there's this picture of a bunny there-
I think it's supposed to be a cat.
With a teeny tiny penis, with a big arrow pointing at the teeny tiny penis.
So, I heart teeny tiny bunny penis.
Only Extrofer can bring this show to a screeching halt.
Anyway- Next email!
Hey, I was still answering his question.
Oh, sorry.
Um, yeah, and I've also got Twilight Zone, which is a bitch, Johnny Mnemonic, and Creature
from the Black Lagoon.
So, honestly, those are the best places to play pinball.
If you want to play, you've got my number.
It won't be creepy if you call.
I have friends at my house.
It's not creepy to have a friend over at your house.
Dark Soccer owns a gun anyway, so she'll- I own several.
And knives.
Several good knives.
And I know how to use them.
And guns to turn into knives.
And if you think I'm joking, no.
Gun knives.
Did I tell you what I asked for Christmas last year, Rob?
slave-wielding snakes.
No, I asked for a Beretta.
They should have a gun spork.
Any more emails?
Yes!
There's three more.
Um.
Okay.
Hey, OLR.
Hey.
First, I want to say that I love the podcast, hope you guys continue it for a long time.
Now, I just purchased a fairly high-end PC, and I'm wondering what games for it.
I'm a newcomer to the PC gaming world and was wondering what good titles are out there
yet.
A. Appropriate for my two 13-year-old sons, rated T or lower but not something that would
bore them like RollerCoaster Tycoon B. Do not have a frustrating learning curve
C. Are $25 American or less B. And D. Do not have a monthly fee such as
World of Warcrack.
That about covers it.
Thanks, GamerDad.
I would suggest that if you are looking for some type of MMO, Guild Wars would be perfect.
It is over $25, however, you will not have a registration fee, and aren't there parental
controls available for Guild Wars?
You can censor the dirty language.
You can censor it out.
Honestly, after having played Guild Wars, I think it would be a good investment, considering
that I paid $14 a month for World of Warcraft.
After four months, you've paid for the game, pretty much.
Oh, I was going to say, you said that you have a high-end gaming PC.
I would assume that you don't have a Mac.
So I would recommend that you play, oh, actually Star Wars Battlefront II, maybe.
It's a bit old, and it might be cheap now, where you can play that.
It might be pretty fun.
There's also worms.
Well, worms, yeah, it doesn't really benefit from, you know.
There's a bunch of free stuff out there, like all the stuff you can get, like Source, like
Zappi is suggesting Maple Stories is free.
That's a good one, Maple Story, and it would be very appropriate for a younger age.
If you can buy Half-Life 2, Garry's Mod, that's a fun one.
Tetranet!
Tetranet!
Isn't that kind of a violent game?
Garry's Mod?
Oh, no, never mind, never mind.
Sorry.
Let me think.
Seriously, I know you said no monthly fee, but seriously, look in the game tab, because
it's got so many games, and you can set the parental controls in there, and give the kids
their own account, and there's even educational games in there, not that they'd actually play
them, but at least that's available.
There are a lot of other games in there.
Sims 2 is $25 now.
Sims 2, Civilization, I mean, I know you said the rollercoaster tycoon would bore them,
but Civilization's a heck of a lot of fun, but I don't know, I played it when I was 12,
the original one.
Command Conquer 3, but it's a bit more expensive, that just came out.
It also depends, I would say, not knowing your sons, I'm not sure what type of genres
they're interested in, I would say look at the games that they play off of the PC, or
look at the types of, like if they're interested in books, or what types of movies they like,
and then go to GameStop, or go look online, and find something in the same genre, and
use that as your criteria.
Mandarin, do you have any suggestions?
I saw one.
Yeah, Seg was saying Sam and Max, even though the first episode is $32, each of the following
are only $9, and they play in short little six or seven, you know, just a few hour bursts,
which is kind of nice, especially if you want to limit your kid's time on the computer to
like an hour or so, it'll give them a little bit more playtime throughout the whole thing,
versus other games where it takes several days to finish.
Kill me, but I hear the Nancy Drew games are actually a lot of fun, for kids, boy or girl,
and they do really well.
Grab the pitchforks and porches!
Shut up.
I've gotten emails from people that play them and say they're actually not that bad, that
you'd think they're lame because it's Nancy Drew and there's also the movie, but apparently
Danger by Design and all that stuff, not bad, not bad.
Oh, never mind, I was incorrect, season one, the whole season is $32.
Sorry.
I was incorrect about the price and now I'm getting corrected here, the season is $32
and each episode is $9, so you actually save a bit of money by buying a season, but again
I said it's still a really good game and it's kid-friendly.
Or you get game tab.
Keep in mind that there is a wide, wide world of freeware, of emulation to choose from.
I would say really, take those interests and look for things that associate with those
interests that are within your price range and have the criteria.
Now one thing to be warned about is that if you go to somewhere, okay Rob, if you wrote
I heart pussy Hitler, there's a picture of a little Hitler face wearing a pussy on this
page.
I'm going to pretend I never saw that.
I'd like to confiscate this note, frame it, hang it on your fridge, oh Amanda needs to
see pussy Hitler.
I'll let Amanda guard it for me.
I'm sorry gamer dad, I'm moving away from you because I completely lost my train of
thought.
Sorry gamer dad.
Blame Rob.
You and your 13 year old kids sound pretty cool, but we got pussy Hitler in studio.
Hey, he said both of his sons were 13, I wonder if they're twins.
Maybe.
So maybe you should look into multiplayer things, things that they can play together
too.
So from the Rob D, I just listened to your April Fool Day joke and I got to say I'm cracking
up like crazy.
I really shouldn't be laughing at this, at a bunch of giggling, but the intro of Roberta
and Matilda sent me over the edge.
Good idea and it was pretty funny.
That said, Ms. Pac-Man should never be referred to as the ultimate diva in gaming besides
Ms. Pac-Man isn't a lesbian.
She just had an, she's just an independent woman with an open relationship.
Me and Pac-Man have a kid, don't you remember the old cartoons?
Well yeah, they did suck.
What's your favorite April Fool Day joke this year?
I enjoyed the snakes in MySpace joke on VGCats and the 8-bit tie on ThinkGeek.
Of course, nothing beats Shang Long in the old EGM issue.
You must defeat Shang Long to stand a chance.
How many April Fool's jokes have actually influenced the franchise enough to inspire
a new legendary character like Akuma?
I think Gohki was a better name.
Thanks for putting together a good, well-informed show, O.L.R. has become a weekly fixture on
my iPod and its space on there is well-deserved.
Keep on producing the high-quality show that you always do and I'll keep on listening,
smile face, the Rob D. Roberta's really glad to hear that you're
a big fan.
You sound like Kirstie Alley.
And you should look into a game called Pussy Hitler.
I think that, I think, I think, I think, look, you said it best, you sounded like Kirstie
Alley.
Um, let's see, what, uh.
I didn't have to do a damn thing.
I'm going to, not to sound like a stuck-up bitch, but I seriously was let down by most
of the internet's April Fool's jokes this year, so I think we seriously have one of
the better ones.
I'm sorry.
I'm going to be a stuck-up bitch.
We had a great joke.
I think that mine were great.
We're trying to get more people to dig it, by the way.
So visit dig.com and dig our episode.
By the way, Rob, this is not a joke.
I'm going to show you all something right now, now that the emails are done.
While you're digging in there, um, I just want to say I liked LiveJournal's April Fool's
because they poked fun at Myspace, which was kind of amusing.
Who wants to touch it?
This is not a joke.
Who wants to touch it?
Ah, it's the, the Christmas check finally making its way.
We, it got, it got stuck up in processing, so now we can make use of the money now finally,
so it'll be fun.
Yes, it's going to go into a savings account until we get our business account set up.
Fun, fun, fun.
So I'd like to offer another very, very public thank you to, uh, Kristen for being like freaking
rad.
Okay, now I'm done.
I'm being a big fan of Pussy Hitler.
Um, all right, what?
All right.
Yeah.
The 8-bit tie was awesome.
I know.
I heard, I heard they're going to make it for real.
That's awesome.
I want one.
Who's going to buy me the 8-bit tie?
All right.
Uh, chat that orangeonsrated.com if you want to join our chat room, I gave you the link
there to a dig, uh, where the giggling lesbian show can be dug.
Uh, Bandit says, I think DDR Freak is dead.
They didn't have one this year.
Yeah.
Whatever happened to that?
Um, they did have one.
What was it?
It wasn't public.
It was actually just someone, what I said on the show, it was actually was a thought
that we, that would come up with on the moderator's thread.
Um, and I just decided just to throw it out there since no one seemed to, you know, wanted
to get off their ass and actually do it.
So, um, the joke was that we were going to tell everybody that there was a big joke hidden
on DDR Freak and if anyone found it, then you win a prize.
Um, Rob found the joke.
So Rob wins a no prize for anyone who was, uh, an old, um, okay.
I do not want to see anything having to do with someone's ass.
Stop.
Okay.
Extra for Drew.
We have extra for Nellie in the room.
Now they can talk and not pass some giggling schoolgirl notes with penises.
It's no, but it says I heart man-gina.
It looks like goat say that he drew on there.
Can we please talk about video games for like five seconds so we can play match game and
you fools can leave.
All right.
Heart.
All right.
Quick, more video game stories.
This one's about violence.
Everybody likes violence.
Well, um, let's see.
There was a study recently that was done, um, that looked at 120 children, uh, before
and after a 20 minute quake two session.
The study was done by a university Swinburne university technology in Melbourne, Australia.
Um, and it said that, uh, while the aggressive children were more or less aggressive, depending
on their emotional state before playing, the majority of kids were not affected by the
game violence at all quote professor Devley said much of the research linking aggressive
behavior to violent video games has been unconvincing.
It's the only message parents have ever received and it's just not accurate.
He said the study showed aggression link linked to game playing depended on a player's mood
and predisposition to aggression.
He said, so in other words, as long as you don't let your kids be violent, then they
won't act out, act out on it after they play a video game.
Who would have thought?
Who would have thunk it anyways?
Well, I wouldn't say everybody loves violent games.
Well, I like volume games.
I don't know who wouldn't, but um, apparently the proper, the rapper creator, um, he wants
less violent games, more rhythm and fast TV.
I don't know what the fuck that's supposed to mean, but anyways, apparently, um, Messiah
Matsuura, uh, creator of the proper, the rapper says that the industry should stop focusing
on X rated violent affairs.
No they shouldn't more X rated games would be better.
Actually some X rated games would be better cause they don't have any.
Um, let's see, he was praising Nintendo's philosophy of attracting non-traditional gamers
and uh, also basically said at the recent, um, Australian GO3 conference, um, making
good games that everybody can play is a very high priority and um, I don't know.
It's interesting.
I mean also that he wants faster TVs cause I guess he's talking about the delay between,
you know, how some TVs have a little bit of a delay on them.
More rhythm games.
Who would have thought it?
How about we just get another Parappa sequel?
Oh, I hit myself in the chin.
I'd be okay with another Parappa sequel.
More Parappa!
Put your money where your mouth is, jerk.
Well guess what?
What?
Chicken butt.
Anyway, um, they have signed up though, and honestly I don't really give two shits about
the game cause I really don't give two shits about the movie either, but um, Peter Cullen
and Frank Welker have been signed to play Optimus Prime and Megatron for the Transformers
game.
Now, now, now, the new trailers, or not new trailers, the commercial spots that they have
for it, the one that shows Starscream is fucking awesome.
Really?
Why all the hate for Transformers?
The seeing the old trailers, the ones that they had out at first, made part of my, you
know, Transformers fangirl heart die a little bit inside.
Maybe, you know, I'm gonna see it.
I haven't said I'm not gonna see it.
I will, and I'll reserve my judgment, my final judgment for when I see it, but right now,
it doesn't seem right, so I don't know.
But if Starscream is fucking awesome, as usual, cause I, I, I had lots of fangirlism for Starscream
when I was little, so it better, if it's cool, then I'll go see it.
It's awesome, and they have it, uh, I think it's on the internet.
Too bad his voice actor's dead.
He was Cobra Commander.
COBRA!
Sorry.
They have that on- Wow, that was a random outburst.
I love the 80s, or, like, one of the, I love the 80s things that they did, they had, like,
Cobra Commander, like, a day in the life of Cobra Commander or something like that, and
they'd have him do different things, and they'd always go, COBRA!
I just wanna have a show where Loki does nothing but impressions for the whole show.
I think that would be awesome.
Sorry.
That's not video game news.
Drink, drink like some Drano, and then you'll sound like him.
All right, kids, do you know what time it is?
Ice cream!
No, but almost, almost as good.
It's time to play the match game!
Video game match game here on Orange Laundry AO.
We gotta get ourselves a caller, though, to play.
Uh, GS68 is one of our contestants tonight, I hope he's there.
He changed his nickname, which makes me think he might have left.
If so, he's gonna have to surrender his spot to someone else.
How dare you leave during the show?
All right.
Well, meanwhile, though, we're going to get another, okay, good, he's still there.
Let's get another contestant on the Skype line right now, 1-877-GAME-OLR, or you can
call us, our username is OrangeLoungeRadio, and we'll just take the first person on the
line tonight to play match game.
Remember the way match, wouldn't that be funny if no one called?
Remember the way, oh good, we already got a call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Zappi.
Zappi!
What's on your mind, buddy?
I'm just hoping I don't lose at the match game.
All right, well you got in first, congratulations, you're gonna play match game with us tonight.
I know I'm not gonna get any matches at all.
That's all right, people usually don't here on the match game, but that's all right.
All right, so stop calling, Zappi got through, he's our contestant.
Zappi versus GS68 tonight, Zappi, do you have a MySpace account?
No, I don't.
Oh, you should get one, because if you win tonight, you will be put in our MySpace Top
20.
So, that's a very nice prize, but you're gonna have to battle, I know, isn't that as stupid
as prize ever?
We have to give him cover.
All right, GS68 is one of our other contestants, he will also be battling you for that spot.
All right, so let's meet our celebrities.
All right, celebrity number one is somebody you haven't really seen on this show a whole
lot, but she's back tonight, here to match some questions with you.
Say hello to Mandarin.
Hi.
All right, that was a very somewhat non-sexy hi.
How are you guys doing?
Do you have any clubs or organizations you'd like to plug while you're here, the charity
you're playing for?
The charity, get Rob Laidmore?
Yeah, anyway, also joining us tonight is celebrity number two, you know him for such films as
... What did Orko and Chat say?
That was like the best thing ever.
By the way, that's one of my favorite nicknames ever.
He's been in such films as Pussy Hitler and Penis Stalin versus Mangina.
Say hello to Extover.
Hello, everybody.
And the microphone has been placed in guest number three's boobies.
Say... What?
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
The charity.
Oh, what charity are you playing for, Extover?
The Boobies of America.
We can't hear, you gotta get... The Boobies of America.
All right, The Boobies of America.
Guest number three tonight is known for her massive cleavage that stores microphones in
them and also known on this program as The Wife.
Say hello to Nellie.
Hello.
And what charity are you playing for tonight, Nellie?
Battered Wives of America.
All right.
Celebrity number four is the often outspoken guest of Orange Lounge Radio.
Say hello to Loki.
Beer batter.
Beer batter.
What the hell?
Ahem, a show, Loki.
Yeah.
Oh.
What charity are you playing for tonight?
I guess the beer batter wives of America.
All right.
And deep fry them, seven style.
Celebrity number five is here tonight and celebrity number five is known for...
Satan.
Worshipping Satan.
Say hello to Dark Sakura.
Souls.
And what charity are you playing for tonight?
Health.
And celebrity number six needs no introduction.
It's me.
And I'm playing for the...
Roberta.
Oh, do you want me to do it as Roberta?
No.
No.
Why don't you want me to play the game as Roberta?
Because we don't like Christy Alley.
All right.
Well, I'm playing...
Christy Alley.
Well, my charity is the Save Fat Actress TV Show Foundation.
That's my charity.
All right.
So, oh, we had a guy on the phone.
Zappy, you still there or did you hang up?
Nope.
I'm still here.
Hi, Zappy.
Yeah.
All right.
We're going to be asking you some questions and you got to tell us what goes in the blank
and everybody here in studio.
Does everybody have a piece of paper to write on or going to think or what about the answer
on the computer?
I will try to remember.
All right.
If you guys are stuck thinking for things, you can always ask the chat room for hints.
You ready for your first clue?
Mm-hmm.
All right.
Here we go.
Now, don't shout it out, Zappy.
You have to let the celebrities think first, but you can think during the music here.
All right.
Here is question number one.
There's four questions tonight.
Rob is enjoying Guitar Hero 2, but got a defective controller.
Rob's so lazy, though, he didn't want to send the controller back.
Rob thought Guitar Hero could be much more fun anyway and thought to himself, I know.
I'll make this game more exciting.
I'll install five fret buttons on a blank.
Rob is enjoying Guitar Hero 2, but got a defective controller.
Rob's so lazy, though, he didn't want to send the controller back.
Rob thought Guitar Hero could be much more fun anyway and thought to himself, I know.
I'll make this game more exciting.
I'll install five fret buttons on a blank.
Celebrities are thinking.
I'll install five fret buttons on a blank.
I'll make this game more exciting.
I'll install five fret buttons on a dildo, says Zappi.
I just hope the chat room doesn't fail me.
Good answer.
All right.
There we go.
And GS68 said, we mote.
So we have dildo and we mote.
Let's go around and see who's a match.
Mandarin, what did you get for an answer?
It was a very close.
I said a gigantic horse dildo.
Gigantic horse dildo.
Judges.
Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding.
All right.
Good job.
Zappi, off to a great start.
Nice one.
All right.
Extifer, five fret buttons on A. I said strand of asshole hair.
Strand of asshole hair.
Wow.
Okay.
Dirty asshole.
Dirty asshole hair.
I don't know how I got that one.
Do I get that one, judges?
No.
Unfortunately, no, because that's already there and a dildo is a foreign object.
All right.
Nellie, I'll put five fret buttons on A. The tip of a tailbone of a pregnant Ethiopian
baby.
The tip of a tailbone of a pregnant Ethiopian baby.
Sorry, that is not a match, but that was a good answer.
All right.
Loki, I'll install five fret buttons on A.
You know, I was going to say the industry of dildonics is not really one to make a lot
of gaming peripherals, but they should, so I said dildo.
Dildo.
Another match for Zappi.
Good job, Zappi.
Two to nothing.
Sorry, GS68.
That's what you get for playing the game legitimately, I guess.
Dark Sakura.
I actually said a gigantic rubber cock, so it's the same thing.
There you go.
Dildo.
Three to nothing.
Ding, ding, ding.
All right.
Wow, Zappi.
You're doing a lot better than you thought you would.
All right.
My answer was, well, I wasn't going to say dildo because this is my thing.
I said a Pringles can because I like food.
Five fret buttons on a Pringles can.
So I guess.
Pringles can.
I'd like to expand it for this.
All right.
Did expanding give you that answer?
Yeah.
All right.
Well, Pringles can suck as snacks, so I guess the can would be worth something.
Well, GS68, do not admit defeat just yet.
You still have some more questions, and here's the next question for everybody.
You ready?
All right.
Here we go.
Question number two.
Loki thought he had made nice with Namco Bandai when they gave him tickets to attend this
year's E3 event.
When Loki walked through the door though, he realized Namco had had the last laugh when
he exclaimed, wait a minute, this isn't E3, this is a blank.
Loki thought he had made nice when he got tickets to this year's E3, but when he walked
through the door, he realized that Namco had had the last laugh, he exclaimed, wait a minute,
this isn't E3, this is a blank.
This isn't E3, this is a blank.
The celebrities are having a hard time understanding the question, I'll just have to like do charades
or something.
This isn't E3, this is a blank.
Dark Sakura needs clarification.
Would you like me to interpretive dance it for you?
Yes.
All right.
Do you understand the question, Zappi?
Am I crazy?
No, I completely understand.
All right.
Thank you.
I'm not crazy.
All right.
Ding.
Ding.
Nellie gets ding.
Extrovert, ding.
Mandarin, ding.
Dark Sakura, ding.
Loki, ding.
All right.
Dark Sakura, ding.
Loki exclaimed, this isn't E3, this is a?
Porno convention.
A porno convention, all right, and GS68 said a gay bar, all right, so we have porno convention
and gay bar.
Mandarin, what did you say, this isn't E3, this is a?
I think they both might actually get expensive combination, a gay orgy.
A gay orgy, not going to work, I'm sorry, Mandarin, but that was a good answer.
Extrovert, this isn't E3, this is?
A Frankie Muniz convention.
A Frankie Muniz convention.
Yeah, they're all the rage, and judges, that might be porno.
It's almost like a gay bar, but no, that doesn't work, all right.
Nellie, this isn't E3, this is a?
The funny thing is is like they were both in my brain, but I decided to go with an all
naked girl convention who all went to have sex with Loki, but he brought his wife, darn.
An all naked girl convention, but he brought his wife, darn, good answer, not a match.
Could be porn, no, Zappi's ahead, if he was behind, I'd give it to him, but no, Loki.
I don't buy that, she would never come to an E3 thing, even if she thought it wasn't
E3.
Anyways, I said a Pringles can, because it's useless.
You're a dick.
All right, a Pringles can, not an answer.
Dark Sakura.
Orgy of suck.
An orgy of suck, that's almost like a gay bar, but no, all right.
And why would I be disappointed that it would be like an orgy with tons of women or something,
it's like damn, why is there all these women here, this sucks, where are the games?
All right.
Although maybe I would say that.
My answer, this is an E3, this is a gay bath house, I don't know, is that a match with
gay bar?
Uh-huh.
I'm going to say yes, who wants, GS68's behind.
I think that that's about as close to a gay bar as a Frankie Muniz convention.
All right, what, you guys aren't going to get me.
And why would they have a Frankie Muniz?
So Nellie says yes, I say yes, uh-huh, Dark Sakura says no, Loki says no, all right, sorry
NGS68.
All right.
No, Loki said yes.
Oh, Loki said yes?
Yeah.
Gay bath house and gay bar, are they the same thing, Dark Sakura?
No.
All right.
How was the bath house like a bar?
Because it's all gay.
Now we're three and three.
Okay, okay.
I have a question on the rules.
What?
Yes.
What?
Yes.
Okay.
Yes.
Dark Sakura says yes.
Because you can suck in the bathroom.
That's true, have you ever been to faces?
All right.
Wait, wait, wait, I have a question on the rules.
That's true, they do have a pool now.
What?
The person who matches the people that he got right before doesn't get those people
choosing for him again.
Only in certain years they did that and then they didn't do that in future years.
That's cheating then.
No, it's not.
You're cheating.
Shut up, Nellie.
All right.
Hey, look, if I wanted a woman to run things around here, I'd hit her till she did it.
Rob.
What?
Get in your place.
Answer the thing.
Sorry, Miss Jamie.
All right.
That's right.
You're watching her all break out the paddle again.
Question number three.
Robby Goodstick.
Oh, this is a question about Jamie.
This should be good.
You ready, Zappy?
Yep.
Three to one.
You feeling the heat a little bit?
I'm not ready.
All right.
Here we go.
While strolling through the flea market, Jamie came across a pin bot machine for sale.
The machine costs $1,000 though, which is more than what Jamie had in her bank account.
Being the ever clever game collector and negotiator though, Jamie told the salesman, I really
want that pin bot machine.
I would trade you my blank for it.
Where's my music?
I really want that pin bot machine.
I would trade you my blank for it.
All right.
Ding, this one's easy for me.
Uh-oh.
Did I copy paste that to GS68?
Oh, never mind.
You got it anyway.
I would trade you my blank for it.
Ding.
Expert said ding.
Ding.
Dark Sakura?
All right.
That was quick.
When the question is about Jamie, it looks like everybody's ready to go.
All right.
I would trade you my blank for it.
Zappi, I would trade you my massage table.
Massage table.
Okay, massage table.
That is something very precious to her decision.
All right.
GS68 said-
I mean, it's funny since I actually don't own one yet.
GS68 said I would trade you my virginity for it, which is even more hilarious.
Which is great because I don't got any, ha ha.
It could be, well, what about your behind virginity?
Ew, we're not going there, Rob.
I thought your be-hymen.
All right.
Rob, you just ruined my answer.
Yes.
All right, shut up.
Mandarin, we have virginity and massage table.
I want that pinball machine.
I would trade you my-
Some cash plus massage services as long as he wasn't icky.
Cash plus massage services as long as he wasn't icky for it.
Is that a match for massage table?
Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding.
That's because of the massage services, so-
Yeah, I say no.
That's a half a point.
Half a point.
I say no.
All right, we'll do-
The table is what you do-
Fine.
Half a point for Zappi.
I'm outvoted.
Half a point.
See, now I have to write half.
All right, there we go.
Extra fur.
I want that pinball machine.
Shut the fuck up.
I went for the most obvious.
I mean, I said a strand of Frankie Muniz's asshole hair in a Pringles can convention.
It's amazing.
The Dark Sakura actually owns one of those too as part of her collection.
Frankie Muniz's ass- She wasn't even listening, which is the best part.
A strand of Frankie Muniz's asshole hair in a Pringles can convention.
That's actually one of my prized treasures.
All right, Nellie, I would trade you a-
I was going to say butt virginity, but you ruined it.
B. Eimond.
All right.
Loki.
Well, see, I would have matched.
I'm going to get a point.
Loki, I would trade you my-
Well, where would one of these games be if I didn't say Iraqi Suicide Baby?
Iraqi Suicide Baby, which Dark Sakura also happens to own one.
Dark Sakura, I would trade you my-
Husband.
Husband for it.
My answer was, I really want that pinball machine.
I would trade you my husband for it.
I also said husband, so there it is.
Husband was the answer to go with in that round.
All right.
One more question.
You ready, Zappy?
Yup.
All right.
Now, if GS68 gets two and a half points, you're fucked.
All right?
So, you got to keep the lead here.
All right, GS68, you can do it.
All right, here we go.
Here's the question.
Xtafur, this is a true story, by the way, Xtafur played the Lord of the Rings online
MMO game this week and didn't think very positively of the game.
He thought it was so terrible that he posted in his blog, Lord of the Rings, I wouldn't
play that game again unless the creator sent me blank.
Lord of the Rings, I wouldn't play that game again unless the creator sent me blank.
All right, GS68 has an answer.
I'm ding.
How about the other celebrities?
Ding.
Some are ding.
All right, let me read the question again and see if it inspires some folks.
Xtafur played the Lord of the Rings online game this week and didn't think very positively
of the game.
He thought it was so terrible that he posted in his blog, Lord of the Rings, I wouldn't
play that game again unless the creator sent me blank.
Isn't this the best song ever?
Nelly finally dinged.
Xtafur?
Sure, ding.
Mandarin and ding.
We have some very apathetic celebrities.
Last question though.
Here we go before this segment gets drawn on way too long as if it hasn't already.
Zappi, Lord of the Rings, I wouldn't play that game again unless the creator sent me
a slut.
A slut.
Okay, a slut.
There you go.
GS68 says, I wouldn't play that game unless the creator sent me a trans vibrator.
Maybe that would make Lord of the Rings game a res trans vibrator.
All right, let's see if we get a slut or a trans vibrator matching.
Mandarin, I wouldn't play that game, I would not play that game again unless the creator
sent me...
Pussy.
Pussy!
Is that a match for slut?
I don't know where you're coming from.
No, no, because a slut could be male or female.
All right, Xtafur, I wouldn't, true story though, you did play the game, right?
Yeah.
And it sucked?
It sucked balls.
What was so bad about it?
Well, the whole part where it actually sucked my balls was pretty bad.
All right.
I don't know, I don't like purple balls.
Like, you're going to suck my balls.
Be gentle.
All right, I wouldn't, I wouldn't play, I wouldn't play that game again unless the creator
sent me...
My butt virginity back, because I'm, I'm pretty loose down there.
I've had a lot of cocks in my asshole.
Oh, this show sucks.
Shit just falls right out of me.
It's just, it's horrible.
It's like, I have to, I should, I should get a colostomy bag and it's like...
Nelly, I wouldn't play that game again unless the creators, the chat room is just exploding
with, oh my God, oh, oh God, oh.
That little click you heard was thousands of iPods across the nation shutting off.
Nelly, I...
Not because of the show, but because Apple sucks.
Nelly, I wouldn't play that game again unless the creators sent me...
His firstborn is a sacrifice in honor of Passover.
His firstborn is a sacrifice in honor of Passover, a very good Jewish answer from you, Nelly,
but unfortunately not a match.
Loki, I would not play that game again unless the creators sent me...
I was just going to go with what Christopher has been saying all along, you know, Frankie
Mina's butt hair in a Pringles can.
In a Pringles can, all right.
Dark Sakura.
A naked sweaty man slut.
A naked sweaty man slut, I think that's a match with slut.
Ding, ding, ding, ding.
So Zappy, you got another point.
I think Mandarin should get a pussy slut.
Well, but...
That doesn't count.
Dark Sakura actually used the word slut, it doesn't matter, Zappy is still going to win
anyway because GS68 was somehow to get match four points with my one answer, which I don't
see happening.
But my answer, just so you know, was Frankie Mina's as B. Hyman, which was not a match,
but probably almost matched Loki's answer.
So Zappy, by a score of four and a half to one, you win.
Yeah, I actually didn't do badly.
Yeah, you did pretty good.
That's one of the higher scores we've had in the match game.
Congratulations.
It's all thanks to the chat room.
Yes.
Zappy, you were a part of when Orange Lounge Radio lost all its subscriber base.
You were a part of it.
I feel so special.
Yeah, all right.
Well, congratulations.
Well, when you get a MySpace account, let us know and we'll put you in our top, okay?
All right.
In the meantime, we'll think of something else special for you, okay?
Yep.
Any other comments you want to give?
Not really.
All right.
Well, have a good week, Zappy.
All right, thanks.
And thank you, of course, as well to GS68.
A nice effort from GS68.
And Extafur and Nelly have left.
Thank God.
Normality can come back and resume with the program.
Wow.
Let's get back to some game news.
If this show just broke your Xbox 360, don't worry because Microsoft has changed their
Xbox 360 warranty and repair program.
They will now give free shipping, post-service warranty additions, and more stuff.
So let's see.
I'm looking at another link here with some full details there.
They do free shipping, a post-service warranty for 90 days, and they will get their original
console back from Microsoft, faster service, you get it back within five business days,
and other enhanced customer care operations, a new pledge from Xbox to you for your three
rings of death.
That's all I have.
Anyways, some other fun stuff.
Armored Core 4 is now on Xbox Live, at least the marketplace, the demo, in case you haven't
downloaded it in another territory like I did.
But you get to play three single player missions, and check that out.
It's an okay average game, but hey, most of the Armored Core games were kind of like that
anyways.
Kind of worth checking out.
It's definitely a lot better than ChromeHounds, that is for sure.
So if you're looking for a mech combat game, there you go.
Why?
Why is it better than ChromeHounds?
It's a lot faster.
I mean, there's three fucking buttons for boost, for god sakes.
Plus, you know, overall it looks good.
Just ChromeHounds is very slow.
Just slow in everything.
Are those three buttons, you know, sort of like the equivalent to why there are 600 words
for snow in Inuit?
No, it's because basically they have boost, they have overboost, which maybe makes you
go really fast, and then like a quick boost.
Quick boost?
Yeah, like dashing left and right and stuff.
The boost is basically the kind of hover and fly, kind of like jump jets, and then the
super boost is just, you know, your typical anime robot flying over the ocean type thing.
Can you put two explicit tags on a show?
I was just wondering.
What?
Rated C for Christopher and for Nellie.
Yeah, NC17.
Somebody in chat already made that joke.
Nellie, Christopher17.
There you go.
All right.
Well, Skyline will be open very soon, kids.
Well, for anyone who's interested in Lost Planet, there's a new map pack that has the
Hive Complex, which is a mine with tunnels and bridges on a torn-up mountain and a trial
point which is a modern-day office complex with a background of a busy day, you know,
behind it, a busy city behind it.
You can download it on LiveMarketplace.
Actually it's already up.
It was up there on the 6th, and it's 400 Microsoft points, and so I'd say give it a try.
Lost Planet's pretty cool.
Zatty's oil.
You know what?
Hey, Rob.
We're having a lot of meetings right now, and we really did lose five listeners during
the match game segment live.
Did we?
Yeah.
That was great.
All right.
The Skyline is open 1-877-GAME-OLR, or you can always call us on the Skyline as well.
The user name is OrangeLoungeRadio.
I want to play something for you guys real, real quick though because DMN left us a message
because he's at SakuraCon right now, and he left us a quick voicemail we're going to play
for you guys because you can leave us voicemails during the week.
Hi, I'm Matt, Jamie, and Rob.
This is DMN.
I am at SakuraCon, and my voice is almost shot.
I was supposed to do a live show with the guys, and I didn't because I got forced to
run a Soul Calibur III tournament, so I killed the guy who didn't do it.
Yeah, we're all good, but I'm going to leave a couple other voice messages here, hopefully
one more from closing ceremonies, which, by the way, he hasn't done yet.
I want you guys to know how much people love OrangeLoungeRadio, even if I force them to
be crazy about it, but yeah, I'll catch you guys later with another voicemail.
Bye.
So, live from SakuraCon, there's DMN.
Apparently there's fans of OrangeLoungeRadio at SakuraCon.
Sorry we couldn't come.
I know it was originally planned that this year we were going to go to SakuraCon.
Something happened.
We didn't get a panel, so we didn't spend the money to go out, so maybe next year.
Let's go to Skypline in the meanwhile.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
It's Legend of Zaku.
Hi, Legend of Zaku.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
Can you put two explicit tags on the podcast, do you think?
I'm not sure if that would...
I don't want to be a censorship guy, but yeah.
Anyways...
Right, what's on your mind?
I heard about the whole deal with Rock Band and how Harmonics is basically trying to give
Konami a run for its money, also for the fact that Konami is lazy.
They haven't even shown any real initiative that's trying to release guitar freaks and
drum manias to this country sooner.
In other words, Harmonics just stole the thunder.
Do you think maybe they've just given up?
That they've been beat at their own game?
Well, it's not really that.
From what I hear, they're supposed to be testing guitar freaks and drum manias this summer
in this country, but the backlash is that people will easily call it a Rock Band rip-off.
They'll just call Konami a bunch of biters, just for the fact that they are announcing
that game after Rock Band.
So it's like they're going to be holding that against everything else that Konami tries
to release, just like the whole Guitar Hero rip-off thing.
To Konami's credit, is Guitar Hero very popular in Japan?
I don't think it is.
Konami still has the Japanese market if nothing else.
Right, of course.
They have that with an iron grip, but the thing is that the way Harmonics managed to
get to where they are with Guitar Hero is the marketing.
They have commercials for it.
That and the music, those two elements right there help fuel the sales that they're in
right now.
Well, and Konami obviously has not been willing to take that same risk.
It was a huge, huge risk.
When they brought DDR out in this country, they were talking about what a big risk it
was.
I know it was, but as the old saying goes, the greater the risk, the greater the reward.
So it was a damn good risk at best, but it's like they need a lot more marketing if they
want to really push something of the order of Guitar Freak Syndrome Mania just to catch
up to Harmonics as the reach that they already have.
So if you're saying Konami wants to be known for anything besides karaoke revolution, which
they may not be known for much longer, or DDR?
If they want to push something like Guitar Freak Syndrome Mania, they have to get a lot
of marketing and a lot of American, mostly Americanization on it, just more American
licenses which would translate into more sales for the American public.
They'll give the average Guitar Hero user another choice, an alternative, instead of
just rejecting a truly Japanese version.
I hate to be honest, but that's the way it has to be.
I have one more question for you being a hardcore music game fan.
How could Konami make BeatMania a success in this country?
Well, they really have to focus on basically licenses, pick up really good licenses, stuff
like really good trance, techno and stuff like that, and maybe some decent hip-hop or
something.
But yes, they have to definitely push, they have to do some more marketing and they have
to establish themselves within the arcades first and foremost, just like they did with
DDR.
It just started in the arcades and then it snowballed into the home versions, although
the home version came first here already in this country.
They have to definitely push gold a lot further than it already is right now.
They have to really get it out there.
All right.
Well, Zaku, we will see what happens, but thank you so much for the call.
We appreciate it.
All right.
Later, buddy.
Bye.
Bye.
Black Boy makes an interesting statement in chat.
He says, I love that because this is a Bimani-originated show in chat, all the people are mad because
another company improved on something that Bimani pioneered.
I wouldn't say I'm mad.
I think Guitar Hero deserves the success it's getting.
It made a great formula even better.
I was kind of saying on that call with Zaku, it took the risk that Konami was not willing
to take and it paid off.
I can't be mad at that, but what Loki's saying there is that when Guitar Hero gets all these
lavish, it's so original, it's the most original game ever, awards bestowed on it, you can't
help but feel like, well, I did kind of play a game like it once.
Well, anyway, let's go back to the Skype line and see if there's more calls.
Black Boy says, by the way, that's the whole point because people here have had such affection
for Bimani, and I'm an exception, apparently.
Let's see.
Hi, you're on Orangetown's radio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's Ron.
What's up, everyone?
Hi, Rama.
How you doing?
What's up?
Pretty good.
Look, Konami has other franchises that they're working on that's making them a whole lot
of money.
Seriously, I don't think Konami really gives two shits about Guitar Freaks or 2DX or anything
like that.
I mean, if you put Pop'n Music, 2DX, DDR, an arcade machine right in front of people,
people demonstrating it seriously, they would make more money off the DDR because that looks
more easy and more exciting to play compared to the other arcade machines, which is to
me one of the reasons why they brought it over.
Yes, there are other franchises' risks, but at this time, I mean, Konami is like, you
know what?
Hey, we did our thing.
Let's just call it a night.
Let's work on other stuff.
I mean, they're saying that, you know, Konami is just kind of writing off, trying to Americanize
Guitar Freaks and Drummy, I mean, they're keeping it going in Japan, but they're just
using that money to bring us the Metal Gear Solid 4s, the Castlevania Rondo of Bloods,
the other franchises they're doing, Koronipia, Marble Mania, and whatever else they're coming
out with.
Yeah, exactly.
I mean, because if they really wanted to, I mean, they would have done something earlier.
I mean, didn't they say that Beatmania was a success here?
I mean, they probably would have thrown in another rehash for a 2DX of touring or maybe
like Guitar Freaks or something like that, you know?
By all practical purposes and from what I understood, and this is coming from multiple
sources and contexts I have, I thought that Beatmania was a success in this country as
far as the home version went.
So why we're not seeing a sequel is kind of interesting, though, because it does seem
to be like that would indicate to me kind of what you're saying, Rama, that even though
they could go for it, they're not choosing to.
I don't know.
Exactly.
I mean, with the much money they've made off the Bimani games, for them to bring over Beatmania
wasn't that much of a risk for them, you know?
FootyMonster in chat has an interesting point.
Look, Konami's first mistake, and this whole analysis is a problem, is to think that arcades
are relevant enough to give a fuck.
Arcades are dead in the US.
That's why they don't give a fuck.
Same point, because Konami, all of their music games started as arcade games, whereas Guitar
Hero and this rock band game would be made for a console on the outset.
Kind of interesting.
Yeah, exactly.
Because I remember growing up, I couldn't go to an arcade without finding a Konami machine
in there, whether it be TMNT or The Simpsons or X-Men, it was a Konami game.
And now nowadays, the only place you can find a half decent arcade if you're in a big town
where there's a Dave & Buster's or GameWorks or a little Podunk Corner place, you know?
It's sad.
I really hope arcades have a resurgence.
I really do.
I miss them.
Exactly.
I mean, besides Laundromat, I would love another place to chuck quarters into.
Any other thoughts, Rama?
That's basically it, unless you want another dirty joke.
Sure, why not?
Okay, this is really dirty.
Well, hell, the show's already gone explicit tag twice over.
How much worse can we get?
Go for it.
Okay.
What does Pussy and the Mafia have in common?
What?
A slip of the tongue and you're up shit's creek.
Bye Rama, thanks for the call.
Why did we start encouraging people to tell dirty jokes?
I don't know.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey guys, how you doing?
This is Bandit.
Hi Bandit, what's on your mind?
Okay.
What you guys were saying, like Zaku and everybody, you know what, I really doubt 2DX will ever
be popular in this country.
Why is that?
I mean, compared to Japan and things like that, if you look at that game, what the other
couple guys were saying about how all the arcades are around and they were around years
ago and actually people would even give a crap about these games now, I mean, that game
takes too much time to learn and things like that, way too much dedication.
The casual gamer's not going to just walk into a place, throw in 50 cents and just be
great at the game like they can with a Simpsons or an X-Men machine, you know?
But isn't Guitar Hero kind of hard too?
I mean, the reason why people can get good at it is because they really have a lot of
dumbed down modes, which BeatMania 2DX, they're kind of between a rock and a hard place because
when they put easy modes in the game, then the hardcore fans go, oh, they're dumbing
BeatMania down.
But when they don't put those modes in, then, oh, the game's too hard, you know?
Well, look at Guitar Hero 1 compared to Guitar Hero 2.
I mean, there's definitely a difficulty there, definitely a better range.
I mean, when you play Guitar Hero 1 on, what is it, Expert now, if you play that and then
look at the Expert on Guitar Hero 2, you can definitely see a difference there.
Damn, what was that song I played today, Jordan on Expert or something?
Oh my God, I got my ass handed to me.
That sounds hard.
Trying to think if Buckethead does that one.
All right, well, anything else?
No, that's it for now.
And anything non-music, because we do have some folks who don't play music video games.
Anything non-music gaming you've been playing?
Right now, I mean, I picked up a, I haven't gone, I haven't jumped to the next gen yet.
I mean, Sony told me it was okay, but you know, I just haven't made that leap.
So I picked up God of War about a month ago, picked up God of War 2 when it came out.
I played through both of them.
They're really good.
I'd definitely tell anybody who hasn't bought God of War 2 yet, I mean, it's been maybe
a month since it was released, but definitely pick it up.
I still haven't played it, so I might just have to do that.
Well, there's that in Devil May Cry collection.
It's like all three games for like 29 bucks.
Nice.
Definitely get that too.
Just might.
All right, thanks for the heads up, Bandit.
All right, there you go.
All right, take care.
One more call.
What do you say?
One more.
You guys okay?
You guys doing all right?
Yes.
All right, I was looking up, I was thinking about, I remembered I put a copy of Earth
Defense Force 2 on my sister's PS2, and I really want to play it now, because it actually
looks more fun than Earth Defense Force 3, which is Earth Defense Force 2017.
All right, let's do one more call.
Hi, you're on Ornishon's radio.
Who's this?
Hey guys, this is DDR Dollar Bill here.
Hi, DDR Dollar Bill, what's up?
This whole damn argument is like pissing me off now.
Why?
All right, the whole thing with Guitar Hero and Guitar Freaks, it's like they're two different
things at the same time, they're the same thing.
First off, Guitar Freaks is a lot more difficult than Guitar Hero on any level, and I've proven
this by actually trying to game the other day.
Guitar Freaks failed me after I missed four notes, just four, while Guitar Hero actually
passed me by missing half the damn song, that's the first thing I've seen the difference.
Hold on though, because doesn't the Arcade difficulty setting have a lot to do with it?
Stop breathing into the mic, please.
Yeah, careful, you're causing a lot of Darth Vader noises.
Sorry.
That's all right, but yeah, doesn't Guitar Freak depend a lot on the Arcade difficulty
setting?
Yes, but most Arcade owners are just leaving it as a default, normal default.
I don't really know too many Arcades that would actually max the difficulty level right
there, you know?
That's my first thought, and then the second thought is also the song list, and people
keep forgetting this, is that Guitar Freaks' song list is mostly on J-pop and J-rock and
very few American stuff that people recognize.
While you have Guitar Hero, people are like, ooh, I know this song from the radio, yada,
yada, yada, I can play this.
True, very true.
And I've said this kind of distinguishes the games and make Guitar Hero more successful
here, yeah?
Exactly, and that's pretty much the primary two differences between both games, is that
both the difficulty level and the song list.
You obviously sound like a longtime fan of music games, I mean you have DDR in your nickname,
what do you think of Rock Band?
Is it something you're going to check out?
I'll be quite honest, I tuned in after you guys were talking about Rock Band, so I don't
have much of an idea what it's about.
Real quickly, remember the good old days when you could play Guitar Freaks, Drum Mania,
and Keyboard Mania all in the arcade?
Well imagine doing that online, take out the keyboards and put in Karaoke Revolution.
So sort of like one big, like the session mode with Guitar Freaks and Drum Mania.
But on the internet.
Hmm.
And you sound interested, and Guitar Hero type songs.
That wouldn't be so bad actually, because one thing people can forget is that no game
has actually included like a karaoke type thing.
So that would actually make it different at the same time.
That's true.
You know, because we've seen guitar and drums at the same time, okay.
Now we have drums, guitars, and singers.
Yeah.
It could be interesting.
We'll see.
Well I'll be looking for you online when the game comes out.
Alright.
Take care buddy, thanks for the perspective.
Hey, thanks man.
No problem.
Later.
Later.
Alright.
Well, that's going to do it for tonight's Skype line, thanks to those that called in.
If you didn't get through though, because I saw a couple of phones trying to get in
still, you can always feel free to leave us a voicemail or an email.
Mailbag at Orangelaunchradio.com.
And if you're also thinking to yourself, why is it the same fucking people calling in every
week because we take the calls to come in.
If you're not calling us, you shouldn't be complaining about that.
So tune in live on a Sunday night sometime or leave us a voicemail.
I'm going to open it up to any last minute stories that anyone might have here in studio.
Last minute stories.
I got a few.
Yes.
There's another rumor, also coming from Gamespot, about a keyboard controller attachment that
they're going to be coming out.
It looks very legit coming from them, and I do remember seeing a patent or some sort
of picture a while back, and I believe Gamers reports were also saying that they ran a story
months ago because they like doing that kind of stuff about it.
So something that we might see pretty soon, very likely, and that would kind of tie into
that whole being able to chat while watching movies and stuff.
Let's see.
Other than that, there was one game I did want to talk about a little bit that's drawn
to life.
It's a game being released by THQ, and they had some cool pictures on QJNet, and it looks
a little bit like Magic Pen Gel or Graffiti Kingdom or something like that, but you actually
doodle stuff onto your DS, and it creates a player for you or a creature or something.
So that's kind of neat.
I'm looking forward to that, and they're also making a Worms 2, apparently.
Another cool thing, the first homebrew MMO is coming to the PSP, and apparently it's
triple triads, so you'll be able to play that over the internet against other people.
I don't know if you're a fan of that card game that was in, I believe, Final Fantasy
IX, but interesting nonetheless, I guess.
And there was a funny story that was released pretty much everywhere about Phil Harrison
trying to auction off a PS3 at a rock concert.
Apparently he failed, and it was funny.
One dollar!
Area 51's being made into a Hollywood movie?
Don't care.
The Wii Blaster attachment has been rumored to be coming to stores soon to coincide with
the Resident Evil Umbrella Chronicles, which is supposed to be an on-rails shooter game,
or a first-person shooter, nonetheless.
So that's kind of neat, hopefully that'll come out soon.
Sony's launching a new service called Beats, which is supposed to be a music and video
service very similar to stuff you'd see on the Zune.
Don't think it's going to beat out anything else that's out there on the market, though,
so it should be interesting.
And that's it.
I have something actually a listener pointed me to in chat.
Is this supposed to be like Leetspeak for Havoc 1792?
I think that's what it is, H4V0C, I think it's Havoc.
Havoc 1792 in Leetspeak sent me this article on Achieve360points.com that shows the Halo
2 achievements, because it's going to be, as you know, on the Windows Vista gaming suite,
so it has achievements there.
And I thought I heard that it was going to get these on the 360 as well, if you were
playing the backwards compatibility, eventually.
Well, it looks like the basics are you get 30 points, it looks like, for each stage of
the single-player game you go through, then you get some other achievement points if you
actually beat the game, and then of course there's your various multiplayer points.
Steel and occupied vehicle, double kill, triple kill, quadruple kill, killing spree, running
riot, all that stuff.
But what I thought was really interesting is that, okay, you can get an achievement
called Ninja, which is in a non-team game, kill five people by melee from behind.
There's a Ninja achievement, and then there's also a Legend achievement, and that's what
you get when you complete the game on Legendary difficulty.
But here's the thing that I think is cool, not those achievements, but the fact that
then there's two more achievements, 20 points apiece.
One is called Flaming Ninja, kill somebody that has the Ninja achievement, and then the
other one is Hired Gun.
Kill someone who has the Legend achievement, because you know those types of players are
going to be really good.
So if you can kill one of those, then you get those achievements, that's kind of neat.
That's better than those Viral ones.
What was that one?
I want to say it was a game I just recently played, not Ninja Turtles, but Jetpack.
Jetpack has an achievement in it that you have to play somebody who has the Virus achievement.
It's even called a Viral achievement or something.
It's not worth any points, but it's the only way you can get it, is by playing with somebody
who has the achievement.
It's kind of weird.
I think that's kind of neat.
Good job to whoever thought of those achievements on Halo 2.
Anything for you, Jamie?
For me?
I don't play the...
I don't play any last minute news in general.
Oh, I thought you were talking about if it had any other achievements.
No, I know you're not much of a Halo player.
No.
I don't have anything.
We seriously need to have here at Orange Lounge Radio a Who Sucks the Worst at Halo tournament.
I think that would be fun.
Because there's a lot of people in chat who say, I suck, I suck.
So we need to have a Who Sucks Most championship, and that would be fun.
I'm actually decent, I mean, with a lot of games.
In Grand Theft Auto, I'm a killer with a sniper rifle, and the sniper rifles in Grand Theft
Auto suck balls, but I don't know, it'd be pretty fun.
I suck at Halo 2.
In fact, I think I've only played it once, so...
No, wait, no, I haven't played Halo 2, I've only played Halo 1 once.
That would be fun.
A long time ago.
DDR Dollar Bill says, I suck at Halo, I can't even get one kill.
Act Def says, I haven't even played Halo, so I suck the most.
We'll see.
I totally think we should have a Who Sucks the Most at Halo contest, that would be fun.
We should make a clan suck at Halo.
There is a Noelle Army Halo clan, supposedly, I haven't checked on it in a while, but obviously
not a lot of people are in it, and they don't really play together, because none of us actually
play Halo.
So, there you go.
All right, well, that's about going to do it for tonight's program, so now we're going
to go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Mandarin, thank you so much for being here, I know you didn't get a whole lot of opportunity
to chat towards the end here, but thank you so much for playing Match Game with us and
bringing in your friend to the show and all that stuff.
Oh, you're welcome, I can't wait to actually bring him in live and in person.
So you will come back?
Oh yeah.
Absolutely.
We'll come up here and get settled in, and we'll have to take a day off and he'll have
to come up and...
Bring the soon-to-be hubby to the show, too.
If he can get out of work.
Take a day off, we're worth it.
No, I'm kidding.
Yeah.
All right.
Oh, your final thought?
It was fun, even though I kind of sat here quietly and observed for the most part, but
it was still a lot of fun.
That's all right, we get a lot of guests that do that.
It's okay, Christopher was kind of...
Miklakkah's been on the show like 40 times, he never says a damn thing when he's here.
All right.
It got kind of dirty and raunchy for a while, which was amusing, and...
Yeah, but you like it.
You like the kink.
You know it.
Eh.
Eh.
All right.
Eh.
You don't like Frankie Muniz's butt hair?
No.
Okay.
Loki, your final thought?
I want to play Earth...
Why is it, explain this to me, why is it that the Earth Defense Force 2 game on PlayStation
2 looks like more fun, looks better graphically than the one on the 360?
That's what I want to know.
Because it looks like they have a lot more complex, you know, enemies in there, you know,
some stuff that could have been like from War of the Worlds or something.
Why...
I don't know.
What's up with that?
Exactly.
What's up with that shit?
I need to get my PS2 back from my sister, because I think they've played Driver 3 long
enough.
All right, Dark Soccer, your final thought?
Um, Deadpool.
All right, and my final thought tonight...
That was my final thought for tonight.
Did you enjoy that final thought, Dark Soccer?
Awesome.
All right.
I need an orgy now.
All right, that's it, guys.
Thank you so much for tuning into and supporting independent radio.
You guys are awesome, especially through these episodes that are very X-rated.
Thank you guys so much for sticking through it.
We promise we'll be family-friendly next week on the program.
Hey, if you like the show, tell two friends, tell two enemies, who cares, about Orange
on its Radio, because if everybody tells two people about it, then, you know, then we slowly
conquer the world.
You can also leave us a nice review, a five-star review on iTunes.
We always really appreciate that.
The digs, the other stuff you guys do for us out there on the internet, posting about
us on a forum.
There's even...
Oh, this is really cool.
If you go to the Orange on its Radio forums, some folks have actually made little artwork.
Now you can get little Orange on its Radio icons with my face or Dark Soccer's face or
somebody's face on it, and one of those little bars, like those little tiny bars that say,
I'm a Coke drinker, or I'm a watcher of Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
Now there's one that says, O.L. Army, a little bar.
So you can check out that all on the forums.
So my name is Rob Roberts.
That's Dark Soccer.
That's Loki.
And I'll see you next week here on Orange Lounge Radio.
