Today, May 31, 2009, the PSP Go gets confirmed a bit early, Matrix Online decides to pull
the plug, and on the eve of the expo we go over all the E3 leaks and rumors.
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge
Radio.
We are that show dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer
lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts, joining you every week.
Say hello as well to my co-host, the one and only DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
How are you doing?
At least you have a voice.
My voice is leaving, I had a busy weekend.
I should make you some coffee or some tea or something.
Coffee would be awesome actually.
Why don't I make some coffee?
That would be super.
I will do that after I announce my gaming week.
Yeah, I was going to say, we're trying to do a show right now, so maybe we'll get into
that in a little bit.
I will, I will use my sensio.
Awesome.
Awesome.
I can't wait for hot coffee, fresh from DarkSakura.
On second thought, go get yourself.
Also say hello to TechMasterLoki who has a thread on his shirt that's bugging the hell
out of me.
There it is.
Why did she do that?
Should I put it back?
No.
I see.
How are you?
That's what wives are supposed to do.
How are you, TechMasterLoki?
I'm doing fine.
Yeah?
That's what I try to do.
Been busy.
I think your mic is off, Loki.
I'm not.
That's right, I turned it off.
There you go.
I forgot that I did that too.
Oh, well, welcome back.
Apparently you're gone one week and you forget how the damn show works.
Yes.
Just kidding.
All right, so how are you doing, Loki?
I've been busy.
Yes, been busy?
Getting ready for E3?
Uh, no.
No.
Me neither.
I am so not ready for E3, which is actually why I'm kind of excited that I don't have
a lot of commitments.
The great thing about you and I, and unfortunately Dark Soccer can't go this year, but hopefully
next year she can go again.
The great thing about us going to E3 is that we don't answer to nobody.
We only answer to you guys, the listeners, really direct what we do.
And we don't answer to them either.
Sometimes we decide not to listen to them either.
No, I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
But I mean, if we're going to let anybody boss us around, it's the listeners.
You know what I mean?
We don't have anybody to, you know, nobody pays us to cover or write or edit video or
any of that stuff.
And why not?
We just kind of get to do whatever.
Someone should pay us.
Well, but if they did, then we'd have that responsibility.
And I kind of like the fact that we're going to E3 as gamers to just soak it all in, see
what interests us outside of all the media hype.
Maybe we're going to find something in a dark corner somewhere that gets half a page
right up on sites that are way overlooked and all the PSP Go and whatever other news
is going to come out of E3.
And you know, we can focus on that.
And that's going to be the cool thing about E3, I think this year.
Because right now, I have to admit you guys, E3 this year, I'm not feeling it as much as
I have in years past.
And I know there's a lot of people that are like, you effing bastard.
You know, I have always wanted to go to E3.
And you're sitting there going, well, I'm going to E3, but I don't feel kind of half
asked about it this year.
From my perspective, in my defense a little bit, you know, this used to be a big deal.
Like everybody I knew, knew went to E3.
And this year, like not even, I think it's the economy plays a big part in it.
Not even Dark Soccer is going.
One of our own hosts here on the show is not able to go to the show.
And like, you know, it's a choice not to go to the show, right?
And none of my friends, you know, outside of the three of us are really going except
for some of my long distance friends like Bobby and, you know, Kropotkin and some of
the, you know, All Games people are going to be there.
But I'm talking about, you know, some of my local friends, there used to be like 10 of
us that would go and none of them are going.
So it's kind of weird this year.
I'm going to feel a little lonely at E3.
So if you happen to be going to E3, I might need a hug because I'm feeling a little lonely
this year.
All right, everyone.
Yay.
And you know how we used to have the kick in UltraCade?
This is a hug-a-rob.
So everyone go around, hug Rob, post your pictures to pixx.com.
And just remind me that I don't have to be alone.
Give Rob some love before he cries like an emo child.
I don't know why I'm feeling weird about E3 this year, but I know, you know what, it's
going to be the same as every year.
I'm going to get to LA and I'm going to have a blast.
You know, because this, you guys have to understand, you know, I'm a normal gamer person just like
the rest of you.
Don't get paid to do this stuff.
I don't understand, Rob.
It's just, it's one of those things where I do this all the time with trips.
Even right before I went to ASEN, Chicago, I was like dragging my feet.
Like, why the hell did I sign up to do this?
Why am I going to Chicago?
Oh my God.
Like I'm just, this is just getting in the way right now.
I don't have, and then once the plane landed, I was like, woo, I'm in another city.
I'm having fun.
You know, I'm meeting so many new people.
But what?
You have lesbians to hang out with.
I know, and I got to see the lesbians there, but the lesbians aren't going to E3.
How is E3 supposed to be any fun without lesbians?
Hopefully there's some lesbians at E3 somewhere.
Every convention needs more gay.
I need a hug from lesbians at E3.
That's what I need.
Every convention is better with more gay.
Enough of my whining.
Let me introduce the chat room as well.
Chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
And look, I got a hug from Retertainment already in chat.
A nice virtual hug.
Well, thank you guys very much.
And from Milma13120 as well.
So hooray for hugs and hooray for new people.
I see a lot of people in the chat that I have not seen before, so I think we have some new
listeners.
I think CyberBeast41 I think was saying he's in Belgium and listening for the first time.
So welcome.
I like Belgium.
I've never been there, but I like it.
We like having, I like the fries.
We like having new, and waffles, I'm just kidding, but we like having new listeners.
It's pretty cool.
And new people in chat.
And I think maybe part of that has to do with the podcast feed being so far behind.
And God, I hate that it's become habit here at OLR, but I swear there's a good reason
for it and I will get to it in just a moment.
But I do want to get into how we always start off the show.
How was your gaming week?
DarkSoccer, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was pretty much The Sims, as I'm doing right now.
Awesome.
And actually, I did do some looking into Sims 3, so I'm very, very much looking forward
to getting my hands on that.
And you know, we do have to remember, there might be some people out there going, oh my
gosh, The Sims, but The Sims is like the best selling PC game ever.
So you know, we do have to remember that there is a huge audience for these games.
And a lot of anticipation.
I don't know about your neck of the woods, folks, but I was seeing a bunch of billboards
in the Bay Area this weekend for Sims 3.
They have this whole Let There Be Sims campaign going on.
So this is setting up to be a big event, and it's all next week, same time as E3.
I'll be honest, I actually, you know, the biggest thing that I like to do, and I quit
playing it because that was all I was doing for a while, it's pretty much the thing that
I like to do is make houses.
I love designing shit.
I love designing shit.
I mean, I guess maybe that's why I'm in school for it, maybe?
But the most fun for me has really been, you know, getting these bizarro little houses
and putting them together.
I've been greatly, greatly enjoying it.
You know, I can sympathize, DarkSakura, because that's why I love Quake Live, because I love
shooting people in the face.
And that's what I'm trying to-
I love shooting people in the face, too!
That's what I'm trying to study in school, is shooting people in the face.
But they don't-
What a coincidence!
I had to make my own major for that.
That's part of, that's actually part of a designer's job, is shooting their clients
in the face when they're belligerent.
I'm sorry, I'm kidding.
That won't get me any clients, will it?
Obviously, I'm just teasing DarkSakura.
That was a little parody there.
I was parodying your parody.
I was parodizing your parody.
I consider my parody parodied.
Yeah, I'm gonna get your coffee now.
Alright, yay!
Good, because I don't want you to hear about my gaming week.
Loki, why don't you tell us about your gaming week?
I only played really two different things.
First being the modified version of Grand Theft Auto IV.
We're still tweaking it to get it just right, but now we have flying police cars, super
ambulances, guns that shoot fire, guns that shoot explosions, guns that shoot blasts of
air that launch people into the air.
So it's been a lot of fun.
I'm actually looking forward to one of the stories we're gonna get into later where they're
actually gonna have the expansions on their own disc, because then I can actually edit
everything in Lost and Damned and the new expansions, so that'll be cool.
And then today I decided to play my copy of Fuel that I got a little early, and that's
actually really fun.
And when they tell you that it has 1,800 square kilometers in the game, it does, and it feels
like it.
And it actually breaks it down to 19 different zones in the game.
The one you start off in, when you look at the map it doesn't look that big, but then
when you actually try driving in it, it's huge.
And one of the achievements is actually driving from the first outpost that you get to the
next outpost you unlock.
And it took me a good 30 minutes to drive that.
And I'm talking the most direct route I could possibly take, not on roads, just going straight
towards the next outpost, over mountains, everything.
It's just insane, the size of the game.
And what's even better, though, is the fact that you don't really have to do the races,
because there's actually, the currency in the game is fuel, and there's these oil barrels
that you'll find that you just run into them and you get more fuel to buy new cars.
But it's an awesome game, and it's going to be really fun online.
So if you're a fan of racing games, especially like Motorstorm, definitely going to be a
game for you.
Now, here's the burning question I have about this game, fuel.
Because they talk about, you know, that there's all this vast amount of land, that it's like
huge, you know, all this area that you can drive.
But is it interesting backdrop drop, or is it desert bus thrilling?
I mean...
No, it's very, there's a lot of variety in the terrain.
I mean, a lot of variety.
I mean, you'll get up on top of a mountain, you'll look, and you can see mountains way
in the distance, and you can actually drive there.
I mean...
So it's kind of like Oblivion, but for driving.
Because that's the feel I get from Oblivion, is like, Oblivion is effing huge.
You will never see everything in that game unless you are a sick, sad person.
You know what I mean?
This seriously, okay, I got tired from driving.
Like, it took me so long to get to the next destination, I got like driver's syndrome
or whatever, you know.
I felt tired.
In fact, that's actually when I turned the game off, because I'd been playing for a few
hours.
But it's actually really fun.
There's a lot of variety, there's a lot of events that you can do, or you can just drive
around.
You can make your own events and challenge people online with them.
You can, there's a bunch of different, you know, environments, day night cycles, different
weather effects that you have.
Lots of forests.
I mean, like, I was driving through forests, and then driving across farmland, and then
I got to the desert.
I mean, it literally, there's a ton of stuff.
And I mean, it has some stuff that, I guess it's supposed to be similar to the United
States.
Obviously the map's not set up like the United States, but it's got parts that like, okay,
maybe this is supposed to be Seattle, maybe this is like, you know, Nevada or something
like that.
But it's actually pretty sweet, so, um, you know, really gonna be holding my attention
for a while, at least as far as racing games go.
And it's an arcade style racer, so you'd probably like it.
I was gonna say, this, you know what, I was kind of feeling like, okay, I'm kind of looking
a little apprehensive about this game.
But now I'm hearing you describe it, I'm like, wow, I like want this game right now.
It's fun, yeah.
How does, what would you compare the controls to?
What's the closest game you can think of that this controls to?
Is it like F-Zero, or is it Forza?
You know, how, what are the controls?
Probably just like Motorstorm, I mean, there's no nitrous in it, but it's very simple.
It's like, you know, right trigger for accelerator, left trigger for brake, and then X for hand
brake.
That's it.
I'm, I'm very curious about this.
You, you definitely piqued my interest.
Um, actdeft in our chatroom at chat.orangetonstrader.com says, it's made by Codemasters, and they make
pretty damn awesome driving games.
Yeah, like, Dirt was a really, that was Codemasters, right?
That was Codemasters, yeah.
That was a really interesting game to look at, but I couldn't control it for crap.
See, this is the other thing, it, the graphics in it aren't, like, they're good, but they're
not like, you know, the level of polish that you see in, like, Dirt 2's trailers and stuff
like that.
But I mean, it makes sense, because they have this huge landscape that they have to pop
you with everything.
And there's actually stuff around, you'll see, um, you know, I've ran over a dead, uh,
horse skeleton, I ran, um, there's, like, all these barns and farmland and stuff like
that, and you can, all of them have, like, ramps on them, so you can jump those.
Um, I don't know, there's, like, different events.
They have one that's, like, chase the copter, and you basically have to just try to navigate
your way to a helicopter, and, although I haven't seen it yet, there's tornadoes, so
you have to race through tornadoes.
That's awesome.
This could be, you know, I haven't heard a lot about this game, so maybe this is, like,
gonna be a sleeper hit.
I don't know.
It's been getting OK reviews.
I mean, it's fun.
Where are people critical of the game, and do you agree?
I haven't read the reviews yet, but I just saw the number of reviews, and they're, like,
getting mid eights, low, mid sevens, low eights, you know.
But I mean, it's just a number.
It's really, I've been looking forward to this game ever since they announced it, and
I think it's worth it.
It's gonna be very fun, and, you know, the fact that they have online, you can do online
free mode, so basically you're just driving with your friends.
Well, that was kind of test drive, wasn't it?
It was very similar to that.
Test drive sucked.
I mean...
I thought it was OK.
OK, test drive was awful.
I mean, like, the landscape was very plain, and the police couldn't chase after you off
the road.
It was just...
I don't know.
But, yeah, it's gonna be a good game.
Comes out next week.
Definitely worth picking it up.
Redertainment in our chat room asks, racing tornadoes, is Helen Hunt involved in this
game?
I don't know.
People have been looking for tornadoes.
I mean, they haven't...
I haven't found one yet.
I've just...
The only kind of weather that I've driven through, and maybe just because I'm only in
the one section of the map, although, I mean, the other sections of the maps are locked,
but not necessarily...
I mean, you can drive through them and stuff, but none of the events appear until you've
unlocked, you know, so many races and stuff, but, I mean, free mode, you can drive across
the whole thing, and I would be willing to bet it'd take a few hours to get from one
side of the map to the other.
I mean, it's huge.
Wow.
It's like walking in oblivion would take about that long, right?
Yeah, well, and then they do have helipads.
You can fly to different things, but, you know, for that achievement that I wanted to
get, it was drive from one without the use of helicopter, you know, it's like, wow, this
is long.
All right, all right.
Well, it sounds interesting.
I'll have to check that out.
When's this game released?
Probably on the 3rd, I believe.
Check it out.
That's Fuel.
Xbox 360 and PS3?
Yep.
All right.
My Gaming Week.
Okay.
My Gaming Week's been interesting.
There's really only been one...
I haven't had a lot of time to play games because I've been out of town this week, but
I decided to try something different this week, and, you know, if you were listening
to the show last week, you heard that I've been kind of disillusioned with a lot of stuff
that's been going on in Warcraft lately.
I think I've just kind of hit my saturation point with the game itself, like, I just need
a break at the expansion, even though they have the new dungeon, the old war and all
that stuff, I'm just not feeling it.
I needed a break from WoW.
So I got a great idea for something I could do, actually, as an article for Orangelaundrator.com,
and what I'm doing is an article about what I have missed in two and a half years in Final
Fantasy XI, and I reactivated my account this week on Final Fantasy XI.
Oh, my God.
I had to come right back in the room to hear Rob say something that I was dreading.
Now, something you should know, I have not told anybody this, not a single, no, one person
I told this because of another conversation we were having, one person knew until now,
now like what?
However many people are listening, no.
So it's kind of something I was keeping a little bit under wraps because it was something,
you know, I wanted to kind of see what I've been missing and what I could pick up on.
And I'll tell you what, damn, there is a lot that has changed.
It was really hard for me to kind of get back into it.
But I will say this, one thing I've noticed, and I'll write a full because I'm nowhere
near ready enough to write something full for the website yet, and believe me, there
will be a long article coming on the website later.
I will notice this, one of the first things I noticed right away, they have made it way
easier to solo in that game.
Like there is so much more you can do in the first like 15 levels than you could before.
Is that worth it for me to go back and play?
I might, I am honestly gonna say, if you quit this game because grouping was too much for
you, there might be more in this game for you now.
That between these- Well that was the big thing is I hated being
the party bitch.
With the addition of the field manuals and this stuff where you can kind of get experience
for WoW style questing, and the fact that now Easy Prey monsters are a lot easier to
kill and give you like 60 experience, whereas before they would give you like 15, you know,
there seems to be a lot more you can do soloing.
Like I got from level 9 to level 12 in a couple hours of play, whereas before, like, man you'd
have to go to the dunes or you'd have to be soloing, it was a lot harder before.
So it's gonna be interesting to see what happens.
I don't know how long I'm gonna stick with it, I don't know.
You know a big reason I stuck with WoW as long as I did is the people, and in Final
Fantasy XI right now, there is no people, I know one person that's playing, and I have
yet to run into them in the game, so I don't know.
I don't know how it's gonna go, but I wanted to really see, because part of the reason
I did this is because I have been so critical of Final Fantasy XI on the show and I've kind
of joked with listeners that I do feel I owe it to give the educated opinion if I'm gonna
knock on the game to see what I've missed in two and a half years, because every single
person I talk to that still plays the game says, Rob, it has changed.
Level syncing revolutionized the game, you need to go back.
So I went back, so we'll see what happens.
So I'm giving it a month, if I like it I'll stay, if I don't, I'll go back to WoW because
I'll probably miss it in about a month's time.
But honestly, with E3 this week and everything else, I don't expect to see the story on orangeonjurator.com
for about two weeks, because this next week I'm not gonna be in, so it won't be for like
two weeks.
In case of irony, I'm actually gonna go to Sony online, they're gonna give me a walkthrough
of all their MMOs, which is great because I don't have time to play any of them, so
you know, but man, I wanna check out APB when that's there, because that's gonna be there.
I hope Star Trek Online makes an appearance, we'll see.
To quote GS68 in the chatroom, it says, an e-drinking game rule, every time Sky talks
about MMOs, chug until he stops talking about them, and I told him not to do that because
of die of liver failure.
I know, it seems like all I ever talk about is MMOs, well I needed something, you know,
just Warcraft just kinda, you know, I needed a break, which is sad because I had a break,
not that long ago, but you know, it is what it is.
If games aren't fun, I don't play them, so I decided to try to have fun somewhere else,
so we'll see.
Anyhow, more to come on that in future weeks.
That was pretty much it for my gaming week.
I played some Xbox Live Arcade stuff, but it's all stuff I've talked about before.
I'm sure you all were gonna get a kick out of that one anyway.
Oh, and the show wasn't uploaded because his drive failed.
Yes, actually, which I was gonna get into on housekeeping, thank you.
Sorry, I thought you were doing housekeeping.
No, it had nothing to do with Final Fantasy XI keeping me from uploading the show or anything.
We have a storage drive, since we moved into Studio Dark Soccer, we have a storage drive
that, well wouldn't you know it, the storage drive failed this week and will not read anymore,
so everything we have on that drive is lost.
Now the good news is, everything is saved to this local computer in the studio anyway,
so it's not like we lost the files completely, but at least I hope, I didn't check, but I
don't think there would be a reason.
I'm pretty sure we always would copy them over.
So we should be caught up on the podcast sometime this week.
It's gonna be very tough with E3 and everything going on, but I want to get at least last
week's show up, like tomorrow before I leave, you know, and we'll slowly get caught up.
But that's the reason why the podcast feed is behind and we are really, really sorry,
but these things happen.
Technical difficulties.
I wasn't here last week because I was laying floor, which I just finished today.
It took forever.
But it looks nice.
Rama in chat says, Sky, it's not lost, I can tell you how to retrieve it.
Don't worry, we have a backup copy here on this computer, it's not gonna need anything
fancy or what have you, especially if somebody's been bootlegging the show now, which I heard
has been happening, just in case a future loss, we're fine.
We should have everything on this computer.
Stay tuned to our Twitter for more updates.
And by the way, if you're not on the Twitter for OLR, please get on there, twitter.com
slash OLR, because I'm telling you what, the Twitter users are going to be controlling
E3 for Orange Lounge Radio.
We are going to be tweeting from the show floor, what do you want us to look at?
What do you want pictures of?
What do you want us to ask?
What games are you not hearing enough about on the main sites, you know, because you know
everybody's gonna be talking about PSP Go and whatever Microsoft says, and if Nintendo
throws out a new Mario game, they're gonna be talking about that.
And that there's gonna be so many games that are overlooked.
That's what we're focusing on E3 this year, the stuff that everyone else overlooks.
We have to find the Korean porn games.
We will be looking for the Korean porn games, you betcha.
I hope they're there.
I hope the loss of Kensha Hall did not make us lose the porn games.
I love Kensha Hall.
I know, I'm very sad to see it's gone, but it looks like they have a lot of those developers
in West Hall on the side.
So we'll see, I'm thinking they just did some clever rearranging of things, and there are
a few people that aren't there this year.
You know, we don't have Atari this year, which by the way, Loki reminded me, there won't
be Star Trek Online, because Atari's not there.
But, you know, there's some other companies that aren't there, so we'll see what happens.
They're normally in the closet anyways over there.
Remember last time, you know.
Oh, Atari, you're only one of the big innovators of the...
Stupid douchebag.
Who was that douchebag with the, like, skateboard with carpet on it, with the PSP inside the
skateboard?
Nah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, God.
I hate that guy.
Yeah, I remember that guy.
Anyway, I will be at the show Tuesday, Wednesday.
Loki will be at the show Wednesday, Thursday.
So between the two of us, we'll have the show covered all three days.
We're going, at least I think I am going to a party Wednesday night.
I'm hearing all these people talk about, oh, I got invited to seven parties and all that.
I think we're going to a party Wednesday night for Games for Windows, and thank you very
much for passing along the invite for that.
We're going to check it out, see what that's all about.
PC games.
I know that's something Dark Soccer is into, obviously, so I think for her, we need to
check out what Games for Windows is all about and see what they're going to be announcing
there.
Find out what doesn't suck.
Definitely.
All right.
So what does suck, we got so much news this week to get to, we're already 20 minutes into
the show and then some, let's get into the gaming news this week.
Loki, start us off.
Yes.
So the rumor is that, you know, the PlayStation Slim, or PlayStation 3's, Slimmer model, whatever
they're going to call it, is supposed to be coming out August or September, according
to the Ars Technica Mole.
Now, why should we believe this?
Well, because they were the one that talked about PSP Go, and, well, we'll be getting
into that later, but I think you all know that that was true, and there's actually box
shots that were leaked also of the PSP Go, which looked very similar to the PS3, so it
probably will be true.
I mean, you pretty much guessed that most of the stuff that's rumored and being hammered
in that it's going to happen is probably going to be true, and a lot of the stuff won't come
as a surprise.
What's interesting, though, there's a lot of people that say the PS3 Slim is still BS,
and I was listening to Bobby, who's on Right Before Us on All Games Radio, and he was talking
about how they don't, his hardware expert folks that help him do Friday night gaming,
don't think that it could fit, that there's so much that goes with Blu-ray that you can't
slim it down that much more, unless there, now my thought is maybe there's a technology
we're unaware of yet, I don't know, but, you know.
I think that it's going to happen.
I mean, we're going to find out about it tomorrow, or not tomorrow, the day after tomorrow.
I don't think, well, I don't think we're actually going to find out about it tomorrow, I think
there's a good argument being made that they want to keep this thing under wraps, notice
how this got cease and desisted, whereas nothing else that's been leaked from Sony, including
things we're going to get into later and so on, that a lot of you probably heard about,
have been, or have not been cease and desisted, but Sony's kind of confirmed that.
The reason why, and, you know, because it's all going to be revealed Wednesday anyway,
it's all about hype, right?
Well, yes, but this hasn't been, this was probably going to be a big surprise or something,
but the other PSP Go stuff, that's already been released by Sony.
I mean, it's, you know, their online magazine or whatever that's releasing the information
about it.
If the PS3 comes out, if this PS3 slim comes out, or they come out Wednesday and say the
PlayStation 3 is going to be getting a slim model in a few months, sales of the PlayStation
3 will stop, because everybody is going, it will come to a standstill, because everybody's
going to be waiting for this new system.
No it won't, and you know why?
It's because the same reason why there's a new skew of the PlayStation 3 every time.
They don't stop sales, and if anything, what they'll do is a price drop on the current
system, they'll drop it down to clear out inventory, and then you'll have the new system
coming out at this, you know, normal price.
They've done the same pattern every time.
You know, it was $4.99, or before it was $5.99 and $4.99, and then they would drop the system
that was $5.99 down to $4.99 and clear it out, and then the new system would come out
at $5.99.
Well, now that they've dropped it to $100 again, it's $4.99 and $3.99, same type of
thing is going to happen.
These are going to drop down to maybe $50, and they're going to clear them out, or they
may even just keep offering it on the side and just have this one skew or whatever later
on towards the holidays.
But they're just going to, you know, drop the price of it a little bit until the, you
know, systems clear out, and then they're going to have the new one.
All right, well, we'll see.
I mean, there's a lot to be seen out of the press conference, and I think this is one
of the will they or won't they items.
But one interesting thing, I don't know if it's going to be covered tomorrow at the whole
press conference, but apparently Africa is finally getting some type of U.S. release.
That's right.
I mean, apparently Africa is finally going to be coming to the U.S., but they changed
the spelling back.
It's actually going to be Africa with a C now.
It's not going to be with a K. Apparently it was a big part of it.
Rob.
How can they do that to us?
It's not Africa.
It's Africa.
Oh, sorry.
Africa.
But apparently with less K and more C. I don't know.
Was it offensive or something?
I don't know why, but yeah.
They are deciding to change the name back to Africa with a C. But it is finally coming
out for the PlayStation 3, so if you were importing it, you don't really have to do
that anymore.
I want to hunt animals.
Can we hunt animals?
No.
Dang it.
Why, I am not buying as well.
Yeah, there's still that Jambo Safari remake we talked about last week to look forward
to much more.
You missed that, by the way, Loki.
The Jambo Safari announcement, I'm sure you read about it, but you know, we were very
excited about that last week.
That totally excites me.
Now if you want a game like Africa where you can run over the animals, you need to buy
Far Cry 2.
That's basically Africa with running over animals.
Although you have malaria, that's not fun either.
Real quick before we get to the next story, Tiger Claw says, that's a damn shame.
I kind of like the other title, Hakuna Matata.
It is kind of a cute title, but I bet Disney would glare if that happened here in the US.
That game actually came out with release.
I mean, it's not like they own the rights to that phrase, but you know, come on.
Whenever you hear Hakuna Matata, you can't help but think of Hakuna Matata.
Well now they're going to try to trademark the word up, so you know.
They've already got one of the directions, I mean, why not?
Hopefully they don't trademark Orange Launch Radio or we're going to be in trouble.
I don't know.
We'll see.
We need to hurry up and you know, actually get some sort of trade.
Patent pending.
Yeah, patent pending.
Actually, did you know, if you search the internet for, well obviously there's the band
act that we do take our namesake from in Japan, although that's a Japanese artist, not an
American artist.
There's some place, like some building or something.
There's actually like a music thing called the Orange Lounge where I guess they have
these musical acts come perform.
I think it's in Southern California too.
I think it's some type of gallery or whatever.
I found out when doing a search one night, you know, randomly just like, what else is
named Orange Lounge out there?
How big are we on the internet?
It's, well, it's interesting because you would think they would have really not liked the
fact that there's an Orange Lounge radio out there because we're both music oriented in
a way.
But here's the catch.
We've been around since 2001.
They haven't.
So if they did say anything, we'd be able to say, uh, we were first.
You change your name.
No, you.
But I mean, you know, it would be interesting to see what happens.
Anyhow, enough of that.
Let's move on with the gaming news.
Well, we have some very interesting stuff.
And actually it's a confirmation for something that, uh, Loki brought up is that Sony did
accidentally let stuff out on the PSP go, which, you know what, honestly, I think sometimes
this accidental stuff is half on purpose.
Accidental my ass.
They throw it out enough for it to catch on and then say, oh no, cease and desist, get
this crap off of here.
You know, just tease, tease, tease, tease, tease.
It's enough for the fanboys to get aroused by it, but not enough for the big sites, the
AP, CNN, and all these to report on it just yet.
It's bait.
It's exactly, it's bait because it's basically generating buzz for this now so that you want
to hear, you know, what's going to happen at the press conference and you all tuned
into that to find out their other announcements.
It's bait is what it is.
I'll tell us a little more about it.
Dark saga.
On Sony's core gaming show that they do, they posted the episode and then pulled it because
they had talked about the PSP go on there.
It has 16 gigabyte flash memory and Bluetooth support for mobile phone tethering.
That's pretty cool.
And also it mentioned Gran Turismo, LittleBigPlanet, Jak and Daxter, and Metal Gear Games.
So there actually are some photos of it out and about, and I'm trying to pull those up
right now.
Well, that's very interesting.
I didn't, I didn't catch the part about the mobile phone tethering, but isn't that interesting
because we've heard reports that the new Apple firmware is supposed to support the whole
tethering thing.
You're gonna have to pay more money, but I wonder, it's a very interesting time kind
of thing.
I think the Bluetooth is there for the mobile phone tethering.
Yeah, just looking at this.
I think it's just, I don't think your mic's on.
Just looking at this thing though, it really looks pretty cheap to me.
I mean, hey, look, you've got a little hook on there.
You can wear it, I guess, or some, something, or have a strap on it or something.
That's for the little, like, wrist strap thing that they have, so you don't throw it through
your TV.
Are they gonna make the, the, the go condom or something?
Perhaps.
Whatever.
Go condom.
That's funny.
But we should be seeing an 8 gigabyte and a 16 gigabyte version.
It of course has an analog nub, but not a full stick, because of course the screen slides
upwards.
You've got your D-pad, start select, and your four buttons.
You have a Wi-Fi indicator at the top left above the screen, and you have a PS button
and a Bluetooth light, and some shoulder buttons, of course, are on the top, so.
But I don't know, it looks kind of cheap to me.
Interesting comment from SonOfDad in chat, I like this observation.
If you notice John Collar say that with some games being announced at E3, they knew it
was gonna be leaked before E3.
So maybe the phrasing that they used in some of the interviews, they knew this was gonna
be leaked before E3 actually happened.
Oh, no doubt.
No doubt about it.
I mean, this is Sony.
And please excuse my voice tonight.
I don't know if I said earlier in the show, but I've like thrown out my voice this weekend
with some of the other stuff I had going on, so.
Rob's changed his throat now.
If I crack.
He's still got a 12 year old boy.
I know if I crack while reading some of your chat comments, it's not puberty, okay?
It's just I've really hurt my voice this week.
But here's what really happened.
What?
Nothing.
So I get it, you were making a joke, all right.
Anyhow.
Haha.
Loki, make yourself useful.
I'm giving you some gaming news.
All right.
So more information from the quote unquote leaked issue of CORE.
They also had some different games that were being announced in there as well, including
Gran Turismo PSP.
Right.
Gran Turismo PSP being announced for the, or being announced.
Was that supposed to have come out like years ago?
Yeah, I was like, wasn't Gran Turismo for the PSP announced like in 2005?
Exactly.
A new Jak and Daxter game for the PSP.
Oh, that's a surprise.
And also a new Metal Gear Solid game for the PSP.
Which is interesting.
They also had other clips, including footage from LittleBigPlanet, which that looks awesome.
And you know, some other stuff, possibility of Warhawk as well.
I don't know.
But I'm sure we're going to get a lot of PSP buzz coming from the press conference N8E3.
To shut up those people that says that they really haven't released anything on the PSP
in the past year, which would be somewhat true.
You know what I mean?
Like this is to derive, I mean, especially come out on Metal Gear Solid game on the PSP.
That's huge.
And it's not, you know, the portable ops.
It's not acid.
It's not port.
It's, it's fricking solid.
So, you know, I, and I, solid.
It's a solid game.
Here's now one thing that didn't make our show real tonight is about the Kojima countdowns
that have been going on because, you know, stories about countdowns are getting a little
old here on horizontal radio.
But I mean, if this is what it is building up towards, I think it's building up to
multiple things, actually.
I think that the countdown's building up to three different announcements.
One being a Raiden Metal Gear Solid game, which is probably going to be for the PS3.
The other being this probably Metal Gear Solid game based off of kind of the timeline of
Metal Gear Solid 3, you know, with Big Boss.
And also, I think, that game Mask, which looks like a survivor horror game that he was supposed
to be working on a survivor horror game, so.
Another survival horror from Konami?
I mean, that would be their third.
That's big.
Behind Silent Hill, Saw, and now this?
Really?
Yeah.
Interesting.
Well, it was supposed to be a zombie, like, you know, Left 4 Dead type of game, but still
survivor horror.
Oh, so, like, maybe more action-y than what we're used to.
I don't know, but it's a creepy picture that they have, so.
Uh, DarkTetsuya seems to agree with you.
It says in chat, you know, Loki's probably right.
You might want to be careful when you say things like that.
Don't let it get to his head.
Alright, I'm curious, chat room, what do you guys think?
Do you think Loki's right?
Do you think it means three different games could possibly be on their way?
Or this could be the E3 of nothing but Metal Gear, which would, you know, kind of make
sense a little bit, because we haven't heard a lot coming out of Konami's camp.
They've got some good stuff.
We'll have more later on, and I'm sure they're going to be showcasing the Saw game and some
of their music games.
Boo!
What else?
They've also got that, uh, there wasn't a lot that came out of their Gamers' Day.
There's that one that looked like Castlevania, but wasn't Castlevania, which I don't remember
the hell that game was called, but we were supposed to be talking about last week, and
then there was also, you know, their music games, Saw, Silent Hill, the new one that's
Shattered Memories or whatever that was.
Oh yeah, the Wii one.
Which actually looks really cool.
It's apparently different each time you play it, depending on how you answer their personality
profile thing.
It's like the eHarmony of Survivor Horror.
Hooray!
You better hurry up and trademark that!
I hope it doesn't reject me for being a fag, just like eHarmony would.
Don't just put a gay bar where the bar normally goes.
No, and then they have some other game, it's like Tornadoes.
It'll make all the zombies just want to dance.
That's horrible.
Prop 8 will attack you instead.
Prop 8 will kick me in the face.
That's what I'll get.
There's way too much gay going on in the show right now.
Anyway, so they've got stuff that haven't been announced yet.
Tornadoes Outbreak was the other game, which is coming out in September.
I don't know what the hell it is, but it's a game from Konami, and it has tornadoes in
it.
It's like tornadoes!
An outbreak of them.
Alright well guess what, Sony doesn't just make Playstations and PSPs.
Believe it or not, they're actually a pretty big company.
I'm not sure if you've heard of Sony before, but they do a lot outside of just the games.
One of the things they develop is mobile phones.
Sony what?
That's right, Sony develops a phone called the iKnow.
I think I'm saying that right.
A-I-N-O, the iKnow mobile phone.
Now this is like a new phone that they're doing.
It's not something that's out yet, and it's not to be confused with that PSP phone that's
been rumored about before, but apparently what this phone will do, you'll actually be
able to use remote play to access your PlayStation 3.
And here's the thing, the device has 3G on it, so here's the deal.
When you get on this, you can use the 3G to like stream movies, images, music from your
PlayStation 3 hard drive.
Isn't that kind of neat?
Yeah, so if you have porn saved on your drive, you could have that anywhere streaming over
3G.
What a waste of our bandwidth.
Porn anywhere?
Wow, that sounds like the internet.
Oh wait, it is the internet.
Well here's the other deal, in Europe you can get Play TV.
You'll be able to view, rewind, pause, whatever live television, and you can also record it
while you're on the go, the way the mobile phone is.
That's technology we've never seen before.
So if you forget like, oh crap, I was supposed to record Grey's Anatomy or whatever, you
can set it from your phone I guess.
Keep in mind though, for the most part, cell phones in Japan have been just decades ahead
of what we've had here for the longest time until we started trickling out with Trios
and Blackberries and finally the iPhone.
Now we have all these apps for iPhones that will do all this crap for us.
But still, I mean, this is probably really nothing major.
This is expected probably.
Yeah, I don't think the Sony I know has a shaking baby application.
That's something that's missing.
The iPhone doesn't have it anymore.
Not anymore.
They don't have the cocaine application anymore either.
There was a cocaine application?
You could sort the thing and then...
It's a hell of a drug.
We actually talked about it in my typography class.
Wow.
How is that relevant to typography?
Do you make letters out of the coke?
I know a lot of...
Were some of the best fonts designed?
Never mind.
A lot of some of the best fonts were designed by a lot of people who were on lots of stuff.
Alright.
Let's see.
Rama says, so grab your dick and double click for porn, porn, porn.
Game Guru says, why would I TiVo Grey's Anatomy?
I don't know.
Obviously someone is.
The show's still on.
Exactly.
You have to watch it live.
Misty says, no, the internet is for OLR, which is the gateway to porn.
Get it right, Game Guru.
Oh, sorry.
Dark Shy says, 3G coverage isn't exactly everywhere, is it?
I saw a map of 3G coverage for the newest iPhone.
I don't think it's everywhere, but for the big city people, I don't know where you live,
but I can tell you living here in Sacramento and the places I go the most are San Francisco,
LA, the places I drive.
I don't ever lose 3G unless I'm in the basement of a building or behind solid wood.
Walls where the signal can't reach and I'll go on edge.
Like I get 3G everywhere.
Well, I, and to be perfectly honest, you don't even need 3G really to get good signal in
a major city.
Yeah.
So I've never wanted it.
I mean the, I know I've heard a lot of complaints about AT&T and their coverage, but it's been
fine for me.
Very, very rare.
Do I not have 3G?
So I don't know.
Maybe I'm just lucky.
Now we have 4G.
Yeah, I know.
Fricking Apple.
Yay.
Do you hear this rumor about the, the dormant video thing that's been in everybody's phone
the whole time that they're finally going to turn on with iPhone 3.0?
Boy.
Oh boy.
You mean the thing that there's been a homebrew apps that have already been doing it?
Yeah.
That.
So, I mean just a huge selling point they could have with the iPhone this whole time
that they just, just, just because they can do that.
But then again, Nintendo does the same shit.
So there's also, um, uh, apps for, um, video play for not video, but for a sound recording.
Yeah.
That, that, you know, I've, I've had mine forever.
I haven't used it, but I have it.
Alright, well let's move on with some more, uh, gaming news, Dark Sakura.
Well, something that I have been particularly looking forward to, and I'm glad finally has
somewhat of a date, is, um, Star Trek Online.
Because I want my own ship, dammit.
Um, and according to- And I would like to throw tribbles at Dark
Sakura.
As long as you don't feed them.
Remember if you feed them, then they breed.
I have, by the way, had the most tribble-tastic week, because I think I've watched trials
and tribulations, like, four times this last week.
Nerd.
And trouble with tribbles once.
And then we tried to watch the animated episode, and then the people watching it with me complained
about the bad animation quality.
I swear I didn't mean to derail your story.
Um, anyway.
According to one of, um, Atari's financial documents, it says that they expect Star Trek
Online to be out no later than March 31st, 2010.
And it will be, um, both console and PC, according to the document.
Um, nothing official from Cryptic yet, um, but I'm sure that we should see something
soon.
All right.
Hopefully.
I want to play!
I know.
Talk about the game that'll make me leave any MMO I'm playing.
Wherever, wherever my fickle ass is at the moment, World of Warcraft, Final Fantasy XI,
Hal-Ragnarok, I don't know, maybe I'll get into EVE before this is all over.
I'm going to Star Trek Online the minute this comes out.
I need to make the O.L.O.R.I.E.N.s.
Yes.
I will be putting official data out for what these specs are to make an O.L.O.R.I.E.N.
And I want nothing but, I want to captain my own ship of nothing but red-shirt people.
You can't, because you have to, you have to have command people.
Damn it!
You have to have doctors.
All right.
Every MMO talk is bad now.
Just wait until this game comes out.
Wait to see how nerdy we all get.
Again, and I say this every time, and I'm going to say it every time, every week, every
time this game gets brought up, I'm going to say this.
This game better not suck.
Star Trek has so much momentum going for it right now.
Please.
There will be riots in the streets.
It will be me.
It'll just be Rob.
It will be me.
He'll be out there going, riot!
I made a dark sakura, I will like throw a Slurpee against a window of a 7-11.
That'll be my riot, okay?
I will be pissed if this game sucks, and we'll put it on YouTube or something.
You know, as the classic line from the movie goes, better to be pissed off than pissed
on.
Rama says, Sky will request a pink starship with sparkles.
No.
No.
You, wait, you're freaking like stereotyping or something?
No, I do not want a pink starship with sparkles.
I want a purple starship with sparkles, ass.
And Stickaxe asks, what if the game sucks, Rob?
Well, you heard me, riot.
Then we take to the streets.
Then we protest in front of Atari.
It'll be a- We get all the people at Cryptic and we-
It'll be a dual protest.
One side of the sign will say, overturn Prop 8, and the other side will say, remake Star
Trek because this version sucks.
And then we subject the people at Cryptic that are in charge of that to-
Um, investigation by special means.
Alright.
By, um, probing.
That's right.
There you go.
There's the answer.
If this game sucks, anal probes.
Exactly.
Alright.
And I'll tell you what, just for that, I'm putting a model of the Enterprise in my home.
Let's probe around the world right now and look at the upcoming release dates for upcoming
games.
Yes.
We've got a few things coming up this week, um, including Fuel, which is gonna be awesome.
That's on, uh, PS3 and Xbox 360, I think also the PC, but I don't see that.
Hey, last thing, I'm sorry, every time you say that, the Metallica song pops into my
head?
Yes.
Give me fuel, give me fire, give me that, what's hard to say?
That's the only thing that's disappointing about that game.
The music kinda sucks, cause it's not really any licensed music except for the theme song,
which is by Uncle, which is pretty cool, and actually one of my previous cage match picks
um, but yeah, all the rest of the music in the game is just kind of like, eh.
But they do support custom soundtracks, so that's always good.
I like how you said that, it's kinda eh.
Um, okay, but other things coming out.
Age of Pirates 2, City of Abandoned, on PC.
Arrrrr, it's abandoned.
Uh, Chicken, er, Crazy Chicken Atlantis Quest on DS.
Fuck these games, weren't there like three of them last week?
Crazy Chicken Star Carts on DS.
These are probably the same games from last week, they just never came out.
Um.
Gee, I wonder why.
Crazy Chicken Pharaoh's Treasure on DS.
Yes, Mumbo Jumbo doesn't know anything about hitting dates as far as releases go.
Um, Red Faction Guerrilla coming out on Xbox 360 and PS3, that game looks awesome.
The main feature, I guess, was explosions, and you know, can't go wrong there.
I like explosions.
And it's on Mars.
Crazy Chicken is actually, if any of these Crazy Chicken games are actually good games,
I will eat, like a cup of mayonnaise.
And anyone who knows me, knows that that is like my own personal hell right there.
If these games are actually any good, I will down an entire cup of mayonnaise, live on
air.
No, you have to understand, this is a character that's popular, apparently popular, in, um,
the UK.
And so they, they get the licensing rights really cheap, and they bring them over here.
It's just like Moomin, which, you know, this company Graffiti is bringing over.
I don't even know what the hell that is.
It's even better that, you know, I, no disrespect to whatever they like over there in the UK,
but then you're basically just telling me, oh, on top of already thinking these games
are gonna suck, you're telling me they're licensed games, and how, you know, off of
TV and movie properties, how often are those games any good?
They're not.
Um, Knights of the Nightmare on DS, coming from Atlus.
And then, of course, you know, one of the bigger titles of the week, Sims 3, coming
out on PC, also available in a collector's edition, where you get a bunch of useless
crap.
Um, and then the game with the longest title of the week, and I don't know why, but Johnny
Bravo and the hunk-a-mega-mighty ultra-extreme Datorama.
Yes, the title may be long, but the game still sucks.
Wow.
And, um, then, of course, we've got some other fun stuff.
More party games from Majesco, go play lumberjacks, lumberjack-themed games, and go play Circus
Star, where you can play as a, you know, circus performer.
Is it a lumberjack and it's okay?
Maybe.
And then Emergency Disaster Rescue Squad, coming to the DS from Destineer.
And finally, a week from today, the legendary Starfy, a game that apparently is a franchise
in Japan.
I don't know anything about it and it looks stupid, but, you know, that's just my dumb
American opinion.
Questions from chat.
Marissa is in chat.
Hi, Marissa.
Marissa Gungusto asks, no Rob, not Mayo, don't do it.
You know what, I'm that confident that I'm right, so I'm not even worried about it.
It's just like Loki doing the bet on Eye of Judgment, the legendary bet that people still
haven't shut up about two years later.
He was that confident in it, and you know what, he was right.
Stickaxe asks, how would we determine whether they're any good, Rob?
Would it be that the games have a Metacritic score above a certain amount?
I suppose, but honestly, you've been listening to this show long enough.
You can trust me.
If the games are good, I will tell you, and we will do it.
And if you don't believe me, you think I'm lying, we can get like a, we can agree upon
a non-discriminatory panel or something.
I don't know.
But I'm that confident these games are no good.
Come on.
Games like this are a dime a dozen.
Do you really think there's a chance in hell I'm eating the mayonnaise?
Hell no, otherwise I wouldn't have said it.
Are you looking it up on Metacritic right now?
Okay, this has got to go then on the official, you know, the official stuff, you know, ongoing
bets on the show.
You know, I think this game is so awesome, it's not even on there.
Oh wait, here we go, here's the last one that came out on DS.
Chicken Hunter, which is also the same franchise, they just changed the name, got a Metacritic
rating of three, or thirty-nine.
It's quality right there.
There you go, exactly.
I have nothing to worry about.
You could probably go off Metacritic and I'd be just fine.
Hey, let's talk about something interesting, and that is the Japanese release dates, although
I do like Marissa's idea of making it bacon-aise, to make it a little easier on me.
Dude, bacon-aise is great.
So if I do, I do want to put that clause in the contract, just in case.
The cup of mayonnaise do be bacon-aise, and I think everybody would agree, just for my
own sanity and well-being, that would be the way to do it, thank you.
I will end up in the hospital again with pancreatitis if I lose this bet.
Just wait.
Uh, anyway.
That's why we'll get you some fat-free mayonnaise.
Yeah, fat-free bacon-aise, good luck.
They're gonna have to like, invent it.
Alright, on the Xbox 360, I'm gonna have to fucking eat Miracle Whip.
Eww, gross.
On the Xbox 360 this week in Japan, nothing.
It is completely empty until June 25th.
There is like, nothing on the calendar right now for the Xbox 360.
It's pretty boring right now over in Japan.
Just not a busy time of year for them, and PlayStation 3 really doesn't look much different,
I have to be honest.
It's a very slow week over there.
Um, moving on, however, to the Nintendo Wii, at least you get Ark Rise Fantasia comes out
in Japan from Marvelous.
That comes out on the Wii this week.
That's really the only release to look forward to there.
And taking a look at the PlayStation 2, Evangelion Joe comes out there.
What?
More Eva games?
Of course, of course.
There's just no other, uh, no other way to do it over there.
And on the Nintendo DS, you have a few more options.
You have Kotowari Sahai Simulation Ochanomapro Yaku D.S. is the name of that game.
I'm not sure what exactly you're simulating.
Oh, it looks like baseball, looks like a baseball coach game.
This is, yeah.
So there you go.
That's baseball.
Very quick on the PSP to see if there's anything of interest there, although I highly doubt
it.
Oh, you get a port of that same Evangelion game on the PSP.
And that's really it.
Kids like Eva.
That's right.
That's really it for Japanese releases.
It's kind of a slow, uh, week for them.
Well, how about we go overseas, um, in another direction?
Here's, um, stuff that, uh, is coming out in, um, UK.
We have, on the 5th, actually, a bunch of releases, um, at least a handful, anyway.
We play Control Donkey Kong Jungle Beat on Wii, Red Faction Gorilla on Xbox 360 and PS3,
Sacred 2 Fallen Angel on Xbox 360 and PS3, Star Ocean The Last Hope on Xbox 360, Walk
With Me Do You Know Your Walking Routine on DS.
No, I forgot how to walk.
It's your walking routine.
Left, right, left, right, left, right.
Routine.
So do I get to make a walking, like, dance routine or something?
It's scheduling your walks, I guess.
I guess.
And then Sims 3, of course, which, yay!
Happy.
That's it.
I don't remember you being so Sims fangirly.
It's like it came out of the woodworks, or we awakened a sleeping beast within or something.
I'm not sure where the- Well, it basically took at least, you know,
four people I know starting to play and playing again, but I was like, uh, me as well.
And then I was like, I really just like building houses.
That's really it.
I don't care about playing the game.
I don't care about how many babies my Sims have, or, you know, who gets bitten by a vampire
and who kills zombies.
I care about building the houses.
You sound kind of similar to Loki in how he, a lot of these games he plays, he doesn't
really care about the game.
He just cares about how he can hack it to his liking.
I'm, like, look at my house.
I am building a freaking gorgeous house.
It's very red, so far.
Well, that's just a wall.
Well, the walls are red.
Let's see.
All right.
You've built this live on air.
You started from scratch at the beginning of the night, right?
I started on, I actually started it last night.
Oh, I thought you did the whole thing on air tonight.
Here's my entire house.
There's, see, there's my potty.
Oh.
And there's the upstairs.
All right.
Anyhow.
This is horrible radio.
They can't see it.
I'll put pictures up eventually.
All right.
Uh, let's move on with some more gaming news.
We will get into the classic game of the week and our break tonight pretty soon.
We still have about 10 more stories to go over, so, uh, Loki, we've got to get to it.
Sorry.
I'm looking at a picture.
That's funny.
Um, DJ Hero, a game that we've been talking about for quite a while now, lots of stuff
coming out this week, especially, um, game trailers ran an exclusive, um, E3 trailer
that they put out showing some of the gameplay, um, which is not surprising, you know, it
looks very much how they described it in the magazine, but we've got some more details
now.
They're going to have a few different versus modes, including DJ versus DJ, uh, DJ plus
DJ, you know, like a co-op or DJ plus guitar, um, you know, for the 10 tracks that they
have, um, you know, guitar support for, and, um, of course, you know, the game's going
to be coming out on all platforms, rumored to be $120.
Yeah, that's kind of expensive, and, um, also they're going to be having a limited edition,
um, pack coming out that's going to be, uh, tying in with Jay-Z and Eminem.
Apparently this is going to come with an advanced version of the controller, a DJ stand, a metal
traveling case, and also, um, the greatest hit CDs from both rappers, and sadly enough
I want to get that.
Not because I'm fans of them, but because I like the idea of, you know, a DJ stand and
a metal traveling case, so it would be all sorts of nerdy cool.
This is the game I am most looking forward to playing at E3.
I want to see how they're pulling this off, because I love the concept, everything I'm
seeing, you know, I was a little nervous when I first heard they were making this game,
but everything I'm hearing, I love the idea of the songs all being mashups, everything
sounds good, but it's all in the execution.
This is the game I am most looking forward to playing at E3.
Yep, same here.
Did you see the video though this week where they did, uh, it was, um, Rick James, Give
It To Me Baby, and then also, um, Hollaback Girl mixed together?
No, I hadn't seen that.
Oh, you gotta see that.
Oh my god, they have video of gameplay now?
Yeah.
No, I totally missed that.
Yeah.
Oh my gosh, I gotta see that.
So, um, they have an interview, uh, video that shows some gameplay, and then they also
have the actual official trailer that has that song in there, but it's interesting.
Well, our chat room is lighting up right now with comparisons, of course, whenever it seems
like the DJ games get brought up, 2DX gets brought up, um, interesting enough, the next
story I have has to do with Bamani and, uh, what could possibly be next in the US.
It's about another music series, not Beatmania, but Poppin' Music.
Now, you might remember, we all declared Poppin' Music dead in the US, uh, when Beat and Groovy
crashed and burned.
Remember that one on Xbox Live Marketplace?
Oh my god.
Damn it, Rob, I've been trying to forget about that.
It was terrible.
It was basically an American translation of Poppin' Music, but to call it that would be
like, I don't even know how to begin to describe it.
It was, it was a terrible, terrible, uh, port of Poppin' Music.
It should have been cancelled by Konami before it ever came out.
Uh, but what's interesting though, we might have been wrong.
Poppin' Music may not be dead in the US.
Apparently, there has been a trademark filed that indicates that Poppin' Music is coming
to North America, and of course, if you've never played Poppin' Music before, it's like
these nine giant, like, imagine the Poppa-matic bubbles from Trouble.
Imagine there's nine of them all laid out in kind of a keyboard-y format.
Uh, that's what the machine looks like, and it plays very similar to these beat-matching
games.
Um, but now this trademark was filed, and everybody thought, okay, well, maybe they
are gonna bring it to the US.
Well, apparently, a little more was released when Konami actually dropped the Poppin' Music
Wii page.
That's right, Poppin' Music appears to be headed towards the Wii, but what's most interesting
about it, the screenshots do not look 100% like the Poppin' Music we know and love right
now.
It looks like, uh, the game could be a little bit different.
Uh, apparently, there might be some online support as well.
Maybe that could be download songs, who knows?
But apparently, even box art has gone up for Japan, and, uh, it does look like it's gonna
bring over a lot of the Japanese characters.
It'll be very interesting to see if this is, uh, debuted at E3, because apparently, the
Wii remote and nunchucks do come into play, which is weird, because they weren't a part
of the original game.
But maybe they're trying to translate this somehow for play with the Wiimotes, and not
the 9 configuration without having to release a new controller.
No idea.
This could be very interesting.
They're not gonna put in, like, like, freestyle mode or anything, are they?
No idea.
Some people are saying maybe it's like a Poppin' Music adventure kind of game, I, I don't,
which is, I guess, a spin-off series that happened in Japan.
I'm not as familiar with it, despite all the Bomani I do know about.
I'm not as familiar with the adventure series, but, uh, apparently, the game is coming out
August 6th.
So, if there is an American version of this coming out, which the trademark would lead
you to believe, we might see it at E3.
That would be very interesting.
That's just bizarre.
Yeah.
Very bizarre.
Who knows?
More to come on this, uh, probably this next week.
We'll see.
Well, I do have sad news for the five people still playing Matrix online.
All five of you.
I'm counting you.
Well, you're SOL now.
It's, uh, actually, you know what?
I picked the wrong thing.
Oh, that's...
No, no, yeah, I did.
Sorry.
I did pick the right thing.
Oops!
Live radio!
These things happen sometimes.
Why don't you start it from the top?
Well, um, for the five people who are still playing this, um, sorry, guys, Sony hates
you.
They really do hate you.
Um, actually, uh, Sony of Europe is pulling, um, Matrix online.
It is being shut down.
You, I'm sorry, Sony, I want to say Sony of Europe, uh, Sony Online Entertainment, sorry,
will be, um, closing it down on July 31st.
You better get in your, your Matrixing while you can, and then prepare to swallow your
blue pill.
Before somebody unplugs you.
You're done.
No more.
Wait for private servers to pop up.
I'm not surprised.
Neither am I.
Me neither.
I really didn't realize.
I actually thought it ended a long time ago.
Exactly.
Was that the end of the world event or something in there?
Like a long time?
That was the beta.
Oh, I thought the damn thing was done a long time ago.
I thought so, too, but I think that was just the beta.
Yeah.
Actually, um, it was, uh, the, Ben Chamberlain, who was the designer in GM, um, was the one
doing all the content updates, the one keeping everything alive, and then he left.
So, um, basically, they're gonna be doing, though, some sort of monumental end of the
world thing, and then that's it.
They'll do the exact same thing they did for the beta.
I'm, I'm kinda curious here, Gold Anthro is in chat, and apparently, as somewhat of a
fan of The Matrix Online, says, I was following the story of that.
They could at least finish the story properly, maybe make a second Animatrix collection based
on the events of the MMO.
Um, but, Jamie, a lot of fun of that game is the story.
That's why I followed it and tried the free trial.
So, another opinion from chat.orangelandraday.com.
I mean, for hardcore fans of The Matrix, to be fair, as much as we're teasing the game,
because the game itself didn't look to be a lot of fun, at least when I saw Loki playing
it a long time ago, um, it, it was, for fans of The Matrix, they were continually building
in this, that universe.
They were continually the story.
They really were.
Didn't they kill off one of the major characters from the movie, like, in the game or something?
Uh, I don't, I don't remember, I just, kinda asking that out loud, I'm sure I'd get a response
from chat.
Really, I didn't keep up with it enough to notice, so.
Thank you.
Morpheus, apparently, allegedly died.
I thought one of the main characters there.
Well, who misses him?
Chat.orangelandraday.com, well, if you're a fan of The Matrix series, then you might.
So, alright, well, uh, we'll see, um, I guess, uh, if, uh, any pirate servers pop up or what
the, what game these fans plan to go to, if anything.
Yes.
And, as, uh, The Matrix Online dies, another thing comes back from the dead.
What?
EGM, actually, is back now, um, to the, you know, praise of many of its fans.
Um, apparently, EGM was sold to its original founder, and, um, he's planning on starting
a publication in print and as well as online, and, uh, no word yet if, you know, any of
the staff members that were fired, you know, back when UGO bought up, um, the 1UP brand,
if they're going to, somehow, um, you know, bring those people back.
Maybe some people will return back, you know, I'm sure if they're asked, but, um, they have
an exciting plan for, um, you know, taking this magazine to the next evolution, they
say, so, um, it's interesting, though, because that was actually a pretty good magazine.
With it gone, it's pretty much just Game Informer, which is in bed.
You know, um, is there a lot, now, an interesting question is, playing devil's advocate here,
especially in this economy, in this world we live in, with the internet and everything,
is there a demand for print publication?
I think, well, I mean, like, Game Informer's pretty good.
Um, you know, I, if, I wouldn't probably voluntarily sign up for it, unless, you know, I get the
discount cards through GameStop, and that's really the only incentive, but, um, you know,
they've had a lot of exclusive stories lately, and probably because they're GameStop and
can afford to say, hey, give us the exclusive story on this, or, um, you know, we won't
buy as much, you know, that type of stuff, so.
Which has to violate some type of antitrust law, just by the way.
Or it could be the other way around.
It could be that they're giving them that because they're like, hey, look at, you know,
our user base, you know, for this magazine, it's huge, and yeah, it is huge because you,
you get it when you sign up for this card that basically pays for itself pretty quick.
I don't know.
Um, it's not bad, but still, I think there is room for more, you know, gaming publications
out there.
I mean, hell, I mean, EGM hasn't even gone that long.
Well, you know what, one thing I am gonna appreciate for Electronic Gaming Monthly being
back is that now-
You're a game pro if you need to get rid of one.
One thing I do miss about Electronic Gaming Monthly is that now I'll have something to
read on the shitter again, because what a better, what better place to read video gaming
magazines, because, you know, certainly some of the articles in Electronic Gaming Monthly
make me want to facilitate release, so I'm extremely happy that I will have a new bathroom
reader.
Rob, you're such a goof.
So there you go.
EGM coming soon to a bathroom near you.
Hey, uh, hopefully not gonna end up in your bathroom, but in your, uh, console.
Squeenix has a brand new, believe it or not, it's not Final Fantasy XIV, it's not, you
know, Kingdom Hearts XI, it is a brand new franchise, it's something called N.I.E.R.
Nier, although that might be a little bit deceptive, because I guess it's like a new
type of front mission game.
No, no.
There's two different games.
Oh, okay.
It's two different ones.
Phew.
Okay, so N.I.E.R.
Nier is, uh, one of the, oh, okay, I see what you're saying.
It's a hack and slash action game, it looks fucking awesome.
Really?
I didn't look at the videos of this yet.
Yeah, you need to.
What's it kinda look like?
Um, I don't know, it's just, it's really like, um, like a bloody action game, I mean, you
know, there's not, it's not like a Castlevania or anything like that, it's just really cool
looking.
Well apparently this is a game being developed by the Bullet Witch and Resident Evil Umbrella
Chronicles Makers, same folks who made those games, but it wasn't Bullet Witch kinda, no.
I hope they learn their lesson, because, uh, see, it kinda sucks, because Umbrella Chronicles
wasn't that bad, but Bullet Witch was really fucking bad, so, uh, that's tough.
By the way, just kind of on a side note, this is a Final Fantasy and the PSP bundle that
will be coming with it, August 25th.
Yeah, the new front mission game that's coming out is gonna be a little bit different, because
you remember, front mission is more of a tactical strategy game, whereas this one's gonna be
like Armored Core, it's just, you know, get in the mech, kill things, which I can get
behind that.
Shadow Next Gen in chat says, I want Kingdom Hearts 3, dammit.
You know what, me too.
Like, I know they have these spin-off games coming this year, and sadly I think that's
all we're gonna get is the DS and PSP Kingdom Hearts games that, you know, I think the ones
that are coming out in Japan are gonna come here too inevitably, but you know what, Disney
has a huge booth at E3 this year, and granted I know they have all their little, you know,
Hannah Montana and, you know, whatever type games that they do, which is probably in reality
all you're gonna see there, there's a part of me that just really hopes maybe Kingdom
Hearts 3 is a surprise announcement.
They have split second, which looks awesome.
At least something, throw me a frickin' bone here, show me a new teaser trailer, give me
something to look forward to in 2010 after Final Fantasy 13 is out.
You know, I would hope if nothing else, if they do the whole Square Theater or whatever
again, that we see a little bit of a tease of Kingdom Hearts 3.
Well, Square likes to tease games that aren't coming out for a few years anyway, so...
And that's all I'm asking for.
Just let me know it's really happening.
Remind me that Kingdom Hearts 3 is happening, remind me that you're not gonna do this weird
ass spinoff that makes no sense to a seven year old like you were trying to show at the
end of Kingdom Hearts 2, like, remember that?
That was awesome.
It was awesome, but what the fuck did it have to do with Disney?
Nothing.
Show me...
What does Kingdom Hearts really have to do with Disney?
Not a lot, but dammit, it gives me something to look forward to.
I'm surprised we haven't seen anything Kingdom Hearts related in Disneyland.
Well, that's a whole nother story, because technically it's licensed, it's not a part
of Disney, so you don't really see, I mean, but in Japan, apparently they have more, and
I'll tell you what, one time, I think I told this on the show, one trip I took to Disneyland,
was it with you, Darkseid, or was it...
I don't remember when it was.
I don't remember if it was this March or if it was last, the time before, but we actually
saw a little kid dressed up as Sora.
Yeah, we did.
In the park.
In a haunted mansion.
I thought I was with you.
We saw him in line for a haunted mansion, so sometimes you see it, you know, I don't
know, but it's just, you know, random.
Because remember they were from Australia or something, and the costume was really well
done.
That was right.
And then they asked him to leave.
No, they didn't ask him, because you're allowed to be dressed up in the park if you're a kid.
Yep.
So, anyhow, I've ever seen one thing in the park, Kingdom Hearts related, one thing, official
Disney in the park, and that was a California venture in the collectible store they were
selling where they sell all the little mini statues, I saw as Sora.
That's the only thing I've ever seen Kingdom Hearts related.
Really?
Yes.
I haven't seen that at all.
Yes.
And it was gone when I looked again this last time I was there.
So, I guess it's kind of like Where's Waldo across two theme parks.
Where's Sora.
Where's Sora.
Good luck.
Anyhow, more stories, if we could.
Dark Sakura.
Well, as I mentioned, I believe it was last week, there was the rumor about Wolfenstein
3D coming out, and it is going to be on Xbox Live and PlayStation Network.
It will be June 4th and June 5th, respectively.
That means Xbox fans get it first.
Ha ha.
Bringing it home.
Huh?
That's part of the E3 is bringing it home, or, you know, where Microsoft does that bringing
it home thing.
Oh, okay.
They have demos.
I bet you anything we're going to see a Lost Planet 2 demo coming this week, since they
said they were going to do that anyways.
Maybe I'll get some cool new shirts for my avatar, whoopty shit.
But there will be, actually, um, of course, achievements, whatever you want to call it.
And also for the new Wolfenstein game, there's going to be, um, you can earn accolades and
be awarded gold for customizable weapon upgrades for the new Wolfenstein, so that'll be pretty
cool.
And that, of course, is coming out on August 4th.
No idea on price yet.
Sorry.
I don't know.
It'll probably be 10 bucks.
They're all 10 bucks.
I want to shoot Hitler in the head.
They're all, I, I...
It should be five bucks.
I want to shoot a giant pixelated Hitler.
I mean, Wolfenstein 3D, honestly, I, unless they did something really cool with this,
which I, you know, I heard about the whole integration with the new Wolfenstein or whatever,
I'm sorry, that's not enough, unless they did something really fucking cool, like suddenly
put multiplayer in it somehow, which I doubt they did, I don't think it's worth it, because
if the game was not that great by today's standards, was it an important and revolutionary
game at the time, yes, but does it hold up to today's standards?
Hell the fuck no.
You are going to download this and be, why did I waste $10?
Remember PUBGAMES Fable 2?
Remember how that was going to integrate stuff?
Remember how crappy those were?
Yeah.
I don't, I'm not falling for that twice.
Sorry.
Um, I'm going to get it.
I love, I freaking love Wolfenstein.
I love Doom, and I also love Duke Nukem 3D.
Bought both of those, played them for about, you know, 30 minutes, and then that was it.
You're like, yay, nostalgia.
Okay, done now.
I will, I will bet money.
I will bet money Dark Soccer does the same thing.
She'll buy it, play it for 30 minutes, and be done.
No, that is if I actually go through with buying it.
And it's nothing against, I'm just saying, it's the same thing, the same nostalgia bug,
the same nostalgia bug that, that, that you and me.
Honestly, honestly, honestly, this is really what I'm going to do is probably just freaking
download it and play it on my computer like, you know, God intended.
Marissa Cunguso in chat says, anyone remember Heretic?
Hell yeah, I'm sorry, I was the big Hexen fan.
Now if, if that and Hexen come out on Xbox Live, we will play that for hours, guaranteed.
We'll just, we will stream it on the internet to prove it.
I will go on leave from work and play it.
We will play like eight, eight hours of that game on a weekend.
We will, we will do it.
I will watch Rob do it too.
Gee, thanks.
You're a real pal.
No, I will.
I'd play.
I'd do it.
All right, good.
Cause I might want to like sleep at some point or eat.
I don't know.
During those eight hours.
You're not allowed to eat anymore, Rob.
If you release what Heretic or Hexen or both or which one?
They should do a pack.
All right, so if Heretic and Hexen come out on Xbox Live Arcade, Dark Soccer and I will
do an eight hour marathon.
We will.
We will.
No, we will do a 24 hour marathon.
No.
Yes.
We will do the Uber marathon.
Is there enough gameplay to last for 24 hours?
I guess.
We'll find a way.
All right.
Isn't there like multiple episodes or something?
All right.
Look, there are too many bets being made tonight and I'm really afraid, I'm really afraid the
public is going to win one of them.
So you know what, Rob, you know what my, my thought is on bets?
What?
I never intend on going through with them, so why?
You're a bad bet maker.
I fully intended on going through with the Eye of Judgment thing.
If somebody says, Hey, we heard about this bet, we just sold another 750,000 copies of
it, which will never happen.
But if it did, then yes, I would go through with the bet.
He would have done it and it would have, you wouldn't have half asked it either.
It would have been to the wife would have made the costume.
It would have been tremendous things that could have been, but no, nobody had to buy
Eye of Judgment.
We're even going to have him go through the happy tingle dance.
When Loki makes the bet, he makes the damn bet.
He's a man.
I will say this.
I was done the show with Loki a long time, known the man many years.
He is a man of his word.
And God forbid they try to make a sequel.
And no, I don't think I will, I don't know whether, we'll have to look at this.
Yeah, it depends whether you don't say anything until you see, because the sequel could be
cool if there is one.
So you want to just, you want to watch it, Loki.
Watch it.
Something that probably will be cool, but I won't be picking it up.
Guitar Hero 5.
It will be coming out a little bit earlier this year, September 1st.
And of course, you know, new to Guitar Hero 5 will be a new party play mode where you
mix up what instruments you have.
And also, you know, kind of, I think drop in and drop out play as well, which is kind
of sweet.
And there's also a confirmation, a full confirmation of all the artists that will be featured in
the game.
And actually a pretty long list.
Even there's some that I wouldn't have thought would normally be in, in like Guitar Hero.
Like we had the Gorillaz, which was in there, confirmed.
I mean, that's, do they have any really guitar friendly songs?
Well, yeah.
I mean, let's see here, Blur, Blink-182, Iron Maiden, Duran Duran, Tom Petty, Nirvana, Smashing
Pumpkins, David Bowie, Johnny Cash.
One that made me excited, Rammstein is going to be in there, Beck, Garbage, Billy Idol,
finally.
One that made me perk up.
I love Garbage.
Queen and David Bowie.
Okay.
Oh.
That means you're getting under pressure.
Under pressure?
Probably.
Oh.
I just bought Guitar Hero 5, son of a bitch.
Son of a bitch.
That's like the one song I have to have.
You all know it.
You out there listening.
You know there is that one song you have to have if you haven't already got it.
There's that one song you have to have that's going to make you buy the game regardless.
And he just said it.
Elton John.
Oh man, there's like, I don't know, it looks pretty cool in deep purple.
So maybe we'll get Highway Star in there again.
I love Highway Star.
Alright.
Sweet.
And that's just a selection of some of the stuff there, but they have the full list that's
out there now.
Apparently it was leaked out by a UK magazine, I believe the UK equivalent to like Rolling
Stone or something posted the full list.
But we'll hear more about Guitar Hero 5 and you'll actually get to see it.
In a few days.
Alright well we got just a little more news for you and then we're going to get to the
classic game of the week and this has to do with Nintendo.
Now the leaks aren't just kept to Sony.
Nintendo might have leaked some things out thanks to some trademarks they've been filing.
One of the trademarks that have been filed, Wii Fit Plus.
Now here's the thing, apparently this was already found out a few months ago through
some retailer listings, but now this title has officially been trademarked in Japan.
There's also a logo to go with it, so you know what?
This is probably something you're going to see at E3.
In fact, apparently some news leaks have come out of E3 that apparently yes, Wii Fit Plus
is a real deal.
Wii Motion Plus is going to be supported.
That's a big part of this game is that now they'll be able to detect the motion a little
better and it's going to have online functionality.
Very limited online functionality.
This is probably just sharing data across the internet so you can motivate each other.
Which is okay.
It's not something to buy the game over, but I got to be honest, I think a lot of people
give Wii Fit a really hard time because we're core gamers, but if you look at this from
the perspective of it gets people up off the couch and it's not boring.
I was playing Wii Fit religiously for a couple weeks.
I really need to get back into doing it.
I fell out of the habit and I shouldn't have done that.
Next to going to a gym, it's not a bad thing.
I got to say, I'm very interested in Wii Fit Plus.
As embarrassed as I am to say it, I'm interested to see what they do with it.
I know, and that's kind of cool that they're putting out another game that some of these
people that bought Wii Fit are going to buy, but they just keep putting out sequels to
games that they already have.
Yes, I know that everybody releases sequels, but my god, okay, seriously, let's see here.
Wii Sports Resort.
Wii Sports 2 basically, which has games that repeat themselves.
Hold up though.
Wii Sports, like if it's not the top selling console game of all time at this point, one
of the top.
Come on.
Give them.
They've got to have a Wii Sports 2.
That may be true.
You know there's going to be a Mario, which by the way, next part of the story, rumor
is the Mario is the big unveiling at E3, the new Mario game.
Why aren't we seeing anything new?
Anything innovative?
It's basically just rehashes of old stuff.
Because rehashes are what people want to see.
Guess what?
We could have had more motion sensors, but we were cheap and decided not to put in there,
but hey, now if you buy this, buy more accessories that we're going to sell you now, you can
buy the same game again with now some online functionality, which should have been in there
in the first place, and you can have some enhanced motion capturing that should have
been in there in the first place.
Awesome.
I get to pay for your mistakes.
Again.
Oh wait, no, I don't have to because I'm not buying it.
Comments from chat.
Chat.orensondrader.com.
Tell us what you really feel.
Entertainment says next year they'll have Wii Fit++ with Wii Motion Plus, Wii Vision
Plus and Wii Internet Plus.
Marissa Congusto says, I refer back to my old comment that video games are turning into
porns with multiple sequels and endless sequel numbers.
Same content, different cast.
INGN0, I think Ingo I can say, I'm not sure if there's a pronunciation of that and I forgot
it.
Sorry.
The only non-Nintendo game that is good on the Wii is Mad World.
By the way, one other thing I wanted to say, one other game that was trademarked by Nintendo,
Art Academy.
So, maybe that's something new.
Question mark.
Hope it's Mario Paint 2.
That would be cool.
Okay, well wait a minute!
You just said you didn't want to see sequels, and now you're like, give me Mario Paint 2!
That would be new though, okay?
That would be new.
They could do more innovative stuff with Mario Paint 2.
Now if they just put Mario Paint, new Wii control, you know, Mario Paint or whatever,
with the Wii controls now to the old game, then yes, that would be rehash crap.
But this is basically Wii Fit, you know, maybe they'll have some different mini games in
there.
Whoopee!
You know?
And they're gonna just, you know, throw it back at the consumer again.
And guess what?
The Nintendo consumer's dumb enough to buy this stuff again, and so the cycle will never
end, and the people who actually want to play good games on the system will never get to
play those good games.
So you know what?
You just have to move on.
Which I have.
Rama in chat says, with all these motion controller adapters, it's just a matter of time before
we see masturbation in the game.
And that is what we're hoping to see from the Korean developers at E3, and damn it,
if masturbation in the game is at E3, OLR will bring it to you, because no one else
will.
No one else will want to.
No one else will want to touch it, literally.
Fanboy wank the game!
We did play 3 Feel that one time.
I, we did, we extensively covered 3 Feel on this show, and what the hell ever happened
to that game?
That's what I love about E3, I'll play all these games, I will never fucking see them.
Whatever happened to that one game that was like a 360 game about some guy that was like
Spring Break or something, you can go on panty raids and stuff like that.
Remember, whatever happened to that?
I don't know.
You know what did come out?
Tulip came out.
Tulip did come out, finally.
The smooching game.
After like two years.
And X-Tango!
Still no X-Tango.
We need an X-Tango!
I'm sorry.
That game had so much potential.
We should go hold these people down and go, why the hell haven't you released your game,
you lazy bastard?
Give me some X-Tango or I'll smack you down.
Hey, look.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Hold on, guys.
Hold on.
Serious moment here.
The reality of the situation is none of those games could get picked up because the fact
people are wanting their Mario 2s and people are wanting more of the same thing.
The, the, the, serious guys.
That's why these games fizzled because they couldn't get the backing.
No they could have put out an Xbox Live Arcade.
They could easily do that.
They weren't XNA.
Well, define easily.
The money dries up at some point.
Who's paying for it?
The game's done.
Just port it.
They just need a distributor.
Somebody has to port it.
You have to pay someone to port it.
It's not just Presto Chainjo.
It's on Xbox Live.
Yes it is.
There are small game publishers out there that will do that.
I mean, there, there's people picking up rights to like M&Ms and fucking Jelly Belly and stuff
because they think that's an awesome IP.
Oh my god, it's recognizable.
Because people buy that shit.
I mean, if I put out a game that was like Nabisco something or other, I mean, no one's
gonna pick that up.
Lego My Eggo, you know, the game, I mean, Nabisco presents X-Tango.
I would pay, I would play Nabisco presents X-Tango.
You know, it's like, uh, Dancing for Oreos.
I would play Cookie Dancing the game.
Purina Dogchow presents, you know, it's like, oh great, X-Alpo.
X-Alpo.
Anyways, I'm gonna look and see what happened to 3-Feel.
Please do.
I want you, will you do that during the break?
Will you try to research?
I want to find out what happened to 3-Feel, X-Tango, and uh, what was the other one?
Anything, anything that we've talked about from the old Kinsha Hall's day, because it's
been like three years since we've been to an E3 because we didn't get invited the hotel
years.
So the years that don't count.
All right.
Look, we got, uh, the classic game of the week we got to get to.
We got to find out what's happened to some really old games.
Really old?
How old is really old?
Dark, I don't know.
I guess it's all relative.
Dark Sakura is going to dig through her archive of games and find a game to highlight just
for you guys and what the heck is going on with it.
It's called the classic game of the week.
Here it is here on Orange Launch Radio.
What is the classic game of the week that all the kids should be playing, Dark Sakura?
The classic game of the week is, I'm actually going into the arcade archives.
Even though there were home releases of this, I'm gonna really focus on the arcade version,
and that's a game called Star Blade.
And yeah, I put up our customary, you know, audio thing, but for when it came out, that's
a pretty good audio.
So this particular game was in a special pod cabinet put out by Namco, and it was running
on the Namco System 21 hardware at the time.
This game came out when I think I was still in, yeah I was still in high school, it came
out in 1991, and I was all over this game.
My dollar theater had it, and the guys there used to put it on free play for me.
So I have beaten Star Blade a number of times.
But the way that it goes is you have a really large 2-axis 4-button controller with an LED
lamp.
So basically, you flash it as you shoot them.
When you get hit, the seat rumbles and you get strobes going off, so that it would be
like you actually saw the lasers hitting you, you'd be temporarily blinded, you know, just
like you would with a photo flash.
It also had a 30 VDC motor that had an asymmetrical axis, so the seating effect, the shaking would
be really random, it was on three cylinders.
But yeah, it is a shoot-em-up game.
You are flying out through space and you're shooting all the bad guys.
They have big flashing red sections kind of like it did in Star Fox.
But basically, you just go around and just shoot stuff.
It's a lot of fun.
It's a lot, a lot of fun.
Really kind of a difficult game, too.
This kind of looks very Star Wars-ish to me, like the Star Wars arcade game that they had
out looks a little bit like it.
It just kind of reminds me of it, the way it's set up.
A little bit.
There's actually got some more interesting stuff to it, though.
Just to go into the sound, it actually had this four-speaker surround sound, even though
it was only two-channel, they had it to where it would go through four speakers, so it was
pretty cool.
Now, this is the fun thing, is that we got this on Sega CD and 3DO in 1994 in its original
way it looked.
However, on PlayStation we got Starblade Alpha, which had a textured mode.
You could play it with textures or whatever.
Before it was just like, you know, basic.
Very Star Fox.
Imagine Star Fox.
That's what the graphics look like.
I know we're radio.
Imagine Star Fox.
Thank you, Cleaner.
Yeah.
You know.
But it's a really fantastic game.
Now here's the fun thing about it, it actually had another incarnation called Galaxian 3
Project Dragoon.
Do you remember anything about that?
No, but I wanted to say really quick.
No wonder we go in the big room and play it.
I can see this game's influence on Star Fox.
This game looks a lot like Star Fox to me.
Like it's a mix of Star Wars the arcade game and Star Fox.
I never played this game back in the day, but it looks a lot like it.
Like just the graphics, the way things flash that you are supposed to target and kill.
Wow.
Well, Galaxian 3 is a walk-in style game that runs off a laserdisc and the arcade hardware,
so it has some pre-rendered stuff going on in the background.
It's super awesome, too.
But it was out for Namco's Theater 6 arcade system, which the only other game that came
out was Attack of the Zul'gir.
The cool thing about this, though, is that actually a lot of the audio from Star Blade
made it into Galaxian 3.
The path of the game is almost identical, you know, through the asteroid field with
battleships going through the planet, desert canyons, blah, blah, blah.
And the music in it was a rearrangement of Star Blade.
So Star Blade led directly to Galaxian 3.
It's a predecessor.
Also, do you know how Tekken 5 had their loading screens that had different games?
Star Blade was in Tekken 5, so that always made me go for it.
Someone in chat actually recognized that, too.
And it was unlockable in the arcade history area of the game.
And Star Blade also shows up in Ridge Racer 7 as a wheels manufacturer, so it has wheels
from the game.
There was supposed to be a sequel to it that was called Star Blade Operation Blue Planet,
but the game never made production.
It was supposed to be running on the Namco Orbs cabinet with a projector and a slide-in
scene and everything, so it was supposed to be pretty neat.
But it never happened, which is a damn shame, fie!
But that's totally my game of the week.
Alright, there you have it, your classic game of the week, Star Blade, on the arcade.
I'm sorry, that's a game that still, I think, holds solid today.
It may look a little dated, but if you can find one in the cabinet, plunk the money into
it, it's well worth it.
Alright.
It's a very well-received pick by the chat room as well, a lot of fans of that game in
chat.
It is seriously, for arcade games, it's one of my favorites.
Alright.
Well, we are going to take a quick break here on Orange Lounge Radio.
I need to rest my voice, I need to get some more tea or something hot to drink, because
you can hear I'm getting the whole puberty thing going on again.
I have tons of tea.
And we're going to rest a little bit, our voices, take a quick break, come back in Part
B. We haven't even touched Microsoft News yet, and believe me, there's a lot of it,
so we're going to get to that after the break.
And of course, your call's a little later on.
It's probably going to be a bit of a long show tonight, so buckle up and hold on.
We'll get through it together, guys.
We'll be back in just a little bit with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio on this lovely Sunday evening, May the
31st of 2009, where we are taping live on All Games Radio, as we do every Sunday night.
The fun begins around 6 o'clock Pacific, but sometimes we're on the phone with Bobby Blackwolf,
the guy who goes before us with his show, The Bobby Blackwolf Show, and it will cause
us to start a little late, is what happened tonight.
But that's OK.
We've still got plenty of stuff to talk to you guys about, so let's get right back into
it.
Enough BS.
Hopefully, you've already heard Part A. I don't know why you would.
I guess maybe if you're joining us late here live on this Sunday evening, then shame on
you for missing Part A, but you missed a lot about Sony and Nintendo.
Now we're going to get into Microsoft News, right, Logie?
Yes.
The rumored Zune HD is real.
Microsoft has now officially unveiled it, and what it will do is also tie the Zune Marketplace
into the Xbox 360, which is going to be pretty cool.
They're actually planning on mainly adding, I think, the music portion of the Zune Marketplace,
perhaps showing you how to buy the Zune Pass and stuff like that, so you can download songs.
Also they're going to have, you know, maybe a different music service on top of that that's
going to be similar to the Zune Marketplace for the 360, which is kind of cool.
And the system itself actually looks pretty, like, sleeker.
I don't know.
It looks kind of neat, and a lot bigger screen.
I don't know.
It's pretty cool.
I'm sure they're going to show a little bit, I mean, even though it's not really gaming,
they may show a little bit more of it during a Microsoft press conference tomorrow, but
I don't know.
It looks kind of cool.
I kind of want to get one.
Really?
Maybe.
I don't know.
I have my new stereo in the car.
This is interesting, though, from you, because you usually are not a big portable person.
I know you have a lot of iPhone hate, but it would be interesting to see you get the
Zune out of all this.
What is it about this that makes you excited?
Well, apparently they're going to integrate the Zune into Xbox Live, creating a game-changing
entertainment experience, as they say, but that could be just a whole bunch of PR fluff.
I don't know.
I have to see what functions they're actually going to do.
Remember, they were talking back before that they're going to have X and A games available
to play on the Zune, so that might be kind of cool.
I don't know.
We'll see.
I probably won't end up actually getting one, but it would be neat to see what they're going
to offer for it.
All right.
Well, I guess we will see what happens as more is revealed on the Zune HD.
I'm sure this is going to be one of the big things at Microsoft's press conference, which
is weird, though, because this is not necessarily games unless they're going to be talking about
the gaming aspect of it, right?
Probably, yeah.
I hope it's something.
Yeah.
Well, I'm sure they've got lots of stuff in here to compete with.
I'm sure they're going to try to do something like X and A for the Zune.
It only makes sense because they'd be competing with Apple in that sense, because they're
going to have a marketplace that has applications and games similar to the Apple App Store.
Most importantly, however, will it blend?
That's the big question.
Always blends.
That's right.
All right.
Well, hey, Microsoft might be up to something else.
Apparently, there's some ads out there on Microsoft's careers site.
If you want to get a job with Microsoft, you can go to this website and look for possible
careers.
Apparently, one thing they are looking for right now, an engineer that will be working
on a game to support up to 300,000 players in real time.
No way.
Apparently, Microsoft is building an extremely high-performance system to extend console
games to the server in new ways, creating a completely new set of web services.
What's interesting about it, when I first looked at this, I was like, oh, big deal.
It's probably a computer game or something else.
But no, apparently, it is something that is going to be integrating into the console.
Could this be for some type of future NXC enhancement with all the avatars and what
have you?
What with all this now 1 versus 100 and all these live things, maybe they are looking
for something massive.
Who knows?
Or are they building some competition for PlayStation Home?
That could be.
Or is it a little bit of both?
Who knows?
Could be very interesting.
I don't really know why they would need to make competition for PlayStation Home.
I don't think...
I don't know.
Well, maybe they will do the things that Sony should have done with Home.
You know, Sony has kind of been a lot of big talk.
They've been talking about how you're going to launch games from within Home.
They've been talking about that trophy room where you're going to show off all your trophies.
Yet, we have yet to see all of that.
I mean, I guess they do have the launching of the games now built in.
But I got to be honest, it's a little clunky.
And how many people do you honestly know that are going to sit down at the Sony PlayStation
and go, okay, I'm going to go into Home to launch this game, right?
Nobody really does that, except maybe the one time to check out how it works.
You know, there isn't a lot of draw in Home to make that the place I start my gaming experience
right now.
Maybe Microsoft, if they build this into a future NXC, is going to make something like
Home the place to start your gaming experience.
Well, they're going to have to do a lot.
Well, Son of Dad in our chatroom at chat.orangelandraday.com suggests XBLA announces Uno clusterfuck.
And Act Def says, I would play Uno clusterfuck.
I would check out Uno clusterfuck.
I would play Uno clusterfuck.
I could be with 300,000 people all at once.
Draw four, bitches.
I could see that.
Uno clusterfuck.
That'd be fun.
So we'll see what happens.
I doubt this will be an announcement at E3 this year anyway.
Maybe next year.
Who knows?
Oh, maybe.
Well, how about some other stuff though?
How about it?
How about betas?
Beta, beta, betas.
Aw, I thought you couldn't get those anymore.
It was all VHS now.
But I'm pumped.
This was me blinking at Rob.
There was the one versus 100 beta.
It was going on in Canada.
Or as some people say, Canadian.
I say Canada.
It is supposed to be though coming to America as of June 1st.
So if anyone cares, there you go.
Microsoft's bringing it home, beta style.
And all of us that are traveling to E3 won't get a chance to play this really unless we
bring our Xboxes with us.
So which I'm not.
I suppose I could try playing it.
Yeah, but weren't you asking me before the show, what the hell is this?
I've been hearing about it and honestly, I was like, I don't care.
But have you ever seen the game show?
No, I don't want TV.
Because it wasn't that great.
I mean, for one, it wasn't that great.
But if you heard a lot of good things about it, would you watch it maybe?
Check it out?
No.
You didn't have that hose with us.
He's not doing anything.
He just goes to E3.
But I mean, I think we can all agree the idea, this whole idea, despite the fact that the
game show itself might not have been that much fun to watch, to actually get to play
it on Xbox Live might be kind of cool.
I know I'm looking forward to it.
I didn't sneak into the Canada beta or anything.
I heard about all these people sneaking in.
I'm just like, big effing deal.
You can wait a couple weeks, right?
I would like to quote a line from Wayne's World.
Yes.
Monkeys might fly out of my butt.
So you don't see yourself playing it?
No.
Nah.
Redertainment says, am I only going to be able to play 1 versus 100 only at a set time
during the day?
Yeah.
I think that's how I understand it's set up, right?
Like, they have showtimes.
But I think it's not like they only let 101 people in.
No, it's people in the audience.
There's also the actual mob, which is 100 people.
And then there's the player.
Interesting.
So I would have thought maybe they have 30 different games, but they're all going at
the same time.
That way everybody gets to be in the mob.
But they're not going to do it that way, huh?
No, it doesn't quite work like that.
I think you have to register or something.
Well, that sucks.
What if I want to actually get to play the game?
Fat chance, right?
No!
You will not.
This is where the 300,000 comes in.
Son of Dad says, only good thing about 1 versus 100 is Bob Saget, who will not be a part of
this.
Black Wolf is correcting us, saying no registration.
The reason there's a showtime is because there's a live host who conducts interviews.
That's kind of cool.
Screw the live host.
We don't need a live host.
Well, I mean, no.
I like the idea of a live host.
I just kind of thought...
I don't know.
I thought...
Just outsource it to India.
...to a conference.
Oh, God.
So we can have it 24 hours.
We can do a match.
Wow.
I don't know who you are anymore.
But I would have thought maybe there'd be like 30 games going on at once.
And Black Wolf says they are going to have other games during the week where you are
in an automated game as you play those.
So OK.
So they'll have like their big live event and then some other games throughout the week.
I don't know.
I'm curious to see how this all comes together.
That still earns me the who cares award of the week.
I'd care.
I'm a big fan of game shows.
You know what?
I want to check this out.
I would be all over what?
Prime Time Survivor.
I would be all over that game, tooth and nail, playing Prime Time Survivor.
I hope that's the next game.
Or was it the Amazing Race?
Any of those games.
Although I don't know how you play the Amazing Race on Xbox.
I don't think that would work.
Tap A to run.
Tap A to be amazing.
All right.
Anyhow.
Well, you know, 1 versus 100 still weighs off from actually coming out.
But Sims 3, that's on its way out later this week.
And already, you know, people have been pirating the hell out of it.
And as with any Sims game, it's only traditional that you get an uncensored patch.
And that's what they've done.
Boobs.
Boobs patch.
Before the game has been released, they have taken away the blur.
So now you can see the nipolous, you know, women without their genitalia.
Well, you know they're going to make new skins, too.
Exactly.
That is step 2.
And then problem.
Is that a new verb you just invented?
Nipolous?
The nip...
The most...
Nipolous.
The nipolous...
The most nipolous women.
Oh, nipolous.
Oh, nipolous.
Very Barbie-like.
Oh, nipolous.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I thought you were...
I thought you were using it as...
No, not as...
To describe somebody.
She was quite nipply.
That actually is the word that people use, Rob.
Oh, I guess that's true.
But not to...
And besides, I would not be able to, you know, take credit for that phrase.
I believe Chevy Chase said it a long time ago in Christmas Vacation.
It's a bit nipply outside.
Alright, whatever.
Fine.
That's true.
So, and then, besides that, The Sims 3, apparently, within the first four days of its online debut,
it had been downloaded 180,000 times.
And apparently they claim that you are playing a non-final unauthorized copy of The Sims
3.
Which is crap.
Which...
Yes, that is absolute crap, because I can tell you right now, retailers have had this
game for two weeks now, so...
It's absolute crap, and what they mean by non-final is that you haven't registered it
so you can't download the other town they have available, Riverview.
And also you get 1,000 sim points that you can buy virtual objects with.
But you know what, it's only a matter of time before that gets leaked too, so just give
it time.
But I bet there's a lot of people that still want to buy the real deal.
Mark Sakras expressed her interest in just buying it for real.
Yeah, because you're a Sims fan and you support the developers.
I learned my lesson with buying Spore, so I will not buy The Sims 3.
I probably won't end up playing The Sims 3 either, but yes, Spore will not get any more
of my money.
I don't know, I feel like there's so many other games for me to play right now, I don't
know if I can get sucked into The Sims 3, but I'll watch Jamie play it, and if it looks
interesting, I'll buy it.
I only want to kill naked Sims in this game, so you know, I can't see myself actually spending
money and time to play this game, because all I'm going to do is download the uncensored
patch, download the new skins that make naked Sims, because that's funny for some reason.
Naked Sim Party, Naked Sim Death Party.
I have naked Sims.
And you know, the other costumes and skins that they have, like the naked Joker sim,
and you know, just ridiculous stuff, and then just kill them all in really interesting ways.
And that's how I'll spend an evening, and then we're done.
Then I don't play it ever again.
That's what happens in The Sims, and then every now and then I'll go back to it, reinstall
it, and do it all over again, and then we're done.
So I really don't see a point in me buying this full retail game for this.
I don't care about the other town, I don't need another town to visit to kill The Sims
in this way.
It's just...
You don't want to kill The Sims in the other town?
I guess I could, why not, you know, but it's...
I just don't really care.
Playing Sims right now.
And totally enjoying it.
Darksharkar, have you ever gone on the Naked Death Spree in The Sims?
No, not yet, because I told you I'm too busy building houses.
I was trying to make a haunted house once, and there was another time that the mailman
came and then I trapped them with a mote, and that was funny too because they couldn't
figure out how to leave, and then I killed the mail person by starving them to death.
I would love to see a real absurd Sims-type game.
Maybe this game exists somewhere, someone will have to tell me.
Like a very absurd Sims-type game or an add-on that is all about the horrific death of your
Sims.
Why not?
They had...
I don't know if you remember this.
They had a freeware game that someone made called Lammers, and it was a spin-off of Lemmings,
where you had a gun and different weapons, and you shot the Lemmings as they ran across
the street, and they would do like, you know, all the stuff would be AI-driven so they would
be doing the builders and that kind of stuff, but no, you couldn't let them get to the home
that you had to kill them.
I would play that.
It was awesome.
I bet it's online somewhere, just look up Lammers, the freeware Lemmings spin-off.
I hate Lemmings.
Yeah, Lemmings was awesome like ten years ago, but...
Lemmings reminds me of people I know.
But now like Lemmings, they re-released it for the PSP and the Playstation 3, like it's
popular all over again or something, I don't know.
I can't talk.
I had a fansite for drawings I would do, just because apparently the only thing I could
draw at one time was Lemmings.
Well, maybe someday something that can be cool again is Sonic, and Sonic, of course,
you know, the last few Sonic games they've put out have been, well, let's just say not
as great as the old ones.
Well, who remembers Sonic R?
I love Sonic R!
Oh my god!
No, no, no, no, no, no.
You don't even understand, okay?
I'm sure it was one of your games of the week before.
Yeah, actually, I think it has been, but I was so, the one thing I was super mad about
Vista is that I couldn't play Sonic R unless I play in compatibility mode, then it fucks
up my resolution.
Well, the bad news is, this story is not about a Sonic R2 or a Sonic R revival, sorry.
Ugh, why'd you do that to me for?
But the good news is, they are talking about a new Sonic racing game.
It's called Sonic and Sega All-Stars Racing.
Apparently it will be Sonic versus Super Monkey Ball in his little ball.
Samba De Amigo's monkey guy that has the maracas are all going to be in this Sonic racing game.
However, now they're in vehicles.
What does this game sound like to you?
No!
They have to run!
What does this game sound like to you?
They have to run!
Could they, are they going to be in carts by chance?
Rob, don't do this to me.
Maybe instead of shells they'll throw rings, I don't call it a hunch.
Rob, don't do this to me!
They actually had a Game Gear game that was in carts.
Well, now to be fair, I am joking a little bit, this game is not going to be all carts.
There's going to be planes and sports cars and bananas.
That's right, bananas.
Hey, this game is coming out on the Playstation 3, Xbox 360.
Did you just say Sonic Butt Monkeys?
No, Sonic Plus Monkeys.
That's what the game is.
And the DS in 2010.
I wonder if Ooh La La will be in it.
I swear you said Sonic Butt Monkeys.
Instant purchase of Ooh La La's in it.
Well, remember, she was in Sega Superstar Tennis, I believe, so it very well...
I fucking hate that Sega keeps teasing Ooh La La in front of us, though, like, remember
Space Channel 5?
Too bad you're never going to see another one!
I wonder if we're going to have Ooh La La's in it if Space Michael will be in it.
Nope.
Don't hold your breath.
I like Space Michael, it's the only cool incarnation he's had since, you know, Thriller, when he
was a zombie.
Leo Shen agrees with me.
I will only buy this game if Ooh La La is a guest again.
She was in Riders.
There you go.
So we'll see more about this game.
Who knows?
Maybe something at E3?
Question mark?
We will see.
Apparently this game is out in 2010, so they got to show it at some point.
Let's move on to some more gaming news in the meantime.
This is happy, happy, happy news, and I wonder if my hubby knows about it, which he probably
does.
Sega is going to be doing downloadable vintage games on Xbox Live Arcade.
Starting off with the, one of the pinnacle of video games, Gunstar Heroes, on June 10th,
and of course the next day it will be out on PlayStation Network, is actually, that's
the only one that's supposed to be coming out on PlayStation Network so far, but there
were seven other titles announced for Xbox Live Arcade, which I think that I've already
covered this, Arcade Shinobi, Comic Zone, Altered Beast, Sonic 3, Phantasy Star 2, Sonic
& Knuckles, and Gunstar Heroes.
Great except for the fact that I already own that Sega collection.
Do you know how many copies of Gunstar Heroes we have and Gunstar Super Heroes and all versions
of Gunstar Heroes?
And let me guess, this will be one more because you need the achievements, right?
It's Dan.
He'll get it.
He'll get it.
I know he'll get it.
Um, Loki found that clip of Lamer's on YouTube that we were talking about earlier.
I think I've played that game before.
I think I've played it before.
It looked very familiar to me, but yeah, can you link that in chat?
I know this does no good for our podcast listeners, but can you at least link it in chat so they
can kind of see what you're looking at here?
I just saw the best mashup game, Rob.
What's that?
Mashup game of the week, Worms and Lemmings.
Wait, is this a real game or something you want to exist?
I'm gonna start my mashup game of the week.
That's a lot.
Mashup game.
All right.
It is Worms and Lemmings.
Imagine your Lemmings are running around and you blow them up with the...
That's what this is.
Look at this.
Well, no.
You actually, they wage war on each other and your Lemmings are your innocent bystanders.
I remember an old-ass PC game.
I'm going on a tangent here, but I don't care.
I remember an old-ass PC game.
I think it was called Global Thermonuclear War.
Yeah!
Did you ever play that game?
A long time ago.
And it was all about nuking other countries.
And they had very- Would you like to play a game?
Very caricatured world leaders in this.
And it was just about nuking other countries.
Was it a game that came from War Games?
The movie War Games?
It might have.
The thing was, let's play Global Thermonuclear War.
Yeah, maybe it was that, but it came out much later than the movie was out.
I remember it was on VGA and all that.
They have this game available for download in the DOS museum at LinkedIn chat.
Very nice.
So, you can check that out, dosmuseum.com.
Just look for lammers.
And yes, you just gun down people.
That's all you do.
Somewhere right now in the world, a phone call is being made from an angry parental
association.
Some folks in chat remember the game, too.
Reddertainment says they're in chat.
Chat.orangetonsradio.com.
I remember playing this game.
See, that's what- When I saw the YouTube, then I was like, oh yeah, I have played this
before.
Anyhow, more news.
Sorry, Logie.
So, there's a possibility, according to Volition, that they may port Saints Row or Red Faction
to the Wii.
And that's pretty awesome.
I guess during the Red Faction Gorilla launch event in New York, someone apparently asked
them about that.
And they said, though THQ may do Wii versions of our games, in the future Volition won't
be doing them.
At least not for the next year or so.
So they may have another party or another company port them over.
I don't know.
I think Saints Row on the Wii is pretty awesome.
Why is that?
Even though graphically it would probably have to be scaled down, but what is it?
With the motion control and everything?
Or what is it about?
Yeah, it'd just be murdering things.
I mean, they actually- Yeah, but wasn't that what Manhunt 2 was supposed to be, and look
how that turned out.
Yeah, but there's other games that are like that that are fun, like Scarface.
Scarface was pretty fun, and it was kind of the same type of game.
Just Saints Row is really over the top.
But yeah, I would see a Saints Row 3.
Saints Row is kind of one of those overlooked type of games.
How did the second one sell?
Do you know?
Not very well.
Ugh.
Yeah, it's too bad.
I'm actually planning on picking up the other expansion pack.
I still haven't played the last expansion pack that they had come out.
I've been too busy with other things, but I do want to go back to it, because it's pretty
fun.
I also have Left 4 Dead I haven't played yet, and Fallout 3.
All these games that are just sitting waiting.
Oh, and Killzone 2 and Resistance 2.
It's too much.
All right, well, moving on with some more gaming news.
Another series that seems to be making a comeback, Trauma Team.
This is coming out from Atlus, is putting this out on the Wii.
And yes, this does appear to be in the same vein as Trauma Center and all that.
This is now Trauma Team is the game that's going to be coming out on the Wii.
It's going to be gameplay six different medical fields, so you're not just necessarily a doctor
now.
You're going to be a general surgeon, diagnostician, orthopedic surgeon, endoscope technician.
Oh, great.
You can do colonoscopies in a video game now.
Now I've heard everything.
Medical examiner and EMT.
Very interesting.
Dude that mops up hospital rooms.
I just, I am shocked, because you know what an endoscopy is.
Yes, I do know it.
That's where they put a tube in your body somewhere.
So like, either you're going to be doing examinations down the mouth and throat, which I guess is
probably likely, or up a butt.
This could be very interesting gaming.
Is Trauma Team about me when I play it, and not the victims in the game?
It'd be even better if you could do it.
Will it be Katie Couric showing it live on TV?
Do you have multiple, now do they have two player in the last game?
I think they did, yes.
Because they should have two player in this, except you would never want to play with me,
because I'd be like, let's play tic-tac-toe on his colon, you know?
But it looks like, look at this, you're like pounding on a guy's chest in this screenshot
here, like you're doing all these-
God damn it, live!
Damn it, Jim, I'm a doctor.
That would be awesome if they had like some sort of vocal recognition software or something
in there.
It's like karaoke revolution, so you gotta yell like, you know, a phrase or something.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, look at this picture here, I gotta link this in chat, look at this.
Some person lifting up their shirt, exposing their bra while the doctor's operating on
them.
This is like little kids playing doctor, realized it's a video game.
It's not a mastectomy.
Wow.
Wow, we're looking at Grey's Anatomy the game now.
Apparently.
My gosh.
Grey's Anatomy the game sucks.
Tiger Claw in chat says, the tagline for the game would be, explore Uranus.
Okay, that was probably one of the single most beautiful things I've ever heard from
a listener, ever.
Boldly go, where no man has gone before.
You know what, at E3, I'm gonna make it a point to find this game, and when they tell
me that you can be an endoscopy technician, I'm gonna say it's so like you can do a colonoscopy
in the game.
Do it.
Oh my god, do it.
I will do it.
I promise you.
You have to do it.
I promise the listeners.
I will ask if we get colonoscopies, and when they tell me no, I'm gonna ask why not.
Do we have an option of leaving a sponge behind?
Ah, crap.
Like you should have to count the sponges and stuff, make sure that they're all there,
and then you don't, and then later on, you know, it flashes to a cut scene where the
guy's like feeling, you know, like chest pains and stuff like that.
I can see the scenario now, alright.
Scenario one.
Okay, here it is.
You've got the diagnostician is playing with the endoscopy, like your team here, so okay,
this patient has come in and is complaining of pains, and he's feeling some little tapping
pains in his rear end, and him and his partner were playing with gerbils a little while ago.
You gotta diagnose and treat.
So I've got gerbils up his butt.
Let's operate.
Do we get to hear the Lemmy Winks song at that time?
This could be the most beautiful video game of all time.
This has so much potential.
So much potential.
And then when they die on the operating table, then we have the spinoff, you know, the Phoenix
Rite or the Ace Attorney series, you know.
The legend is not good.
Medical malpractice.
Ace Attorney.
The legend is not good.
We are so mature tonight.
The legend is not good in chat says, I seriously want to leave a junior mint on the patient
before I stitch him up.
What?
So your fart starts smelling minty?
No, didn't you see that?
No, what?
No.
It's from Seinfeld.
It's they, they had a junior mint.
They're watching a operation and they drop a junior mint and it gets, it gets into his
body.
It makes him really sick, I guess.
What would happen if you, if you really left a junior mint in someone's body?
It would suck.
You would not be happy.
That's all.
You would not be happy.
All right.
This is getting way too, uh, Frisbee is mentioning the sequel Morg Center.
Death is upon us, dude, God, I love our chatters.
The most fantastic name ever.
I love our chatters so much.
All right.
Look, uh, we love the listeners so much.
Let's do a segment dedicated to them.
It's, yes, it's why they hate.
You've just lavished praise upon our listeners for their genius comments tonight, dark Sakura.
And now I, you know what segment I'm getting to and you're complaining, I'm sorry to take
you away from house building, but it is that time where we open up the mailbag and read
your emails at mailbag at orange launch reader.com and see what you guys have to say.
By the way, Marissa Congusto, you could die.
You would get a terrible infection.
That's what would happen with the junior men to see, you know, see chat room can answer
the questions that we can sometimes.
All right.
Dark Sakura, open up the old email bag at mailbag at orange launch reader.com.
You're gonna have to put your house building away and uh, all right.
And uh, look at this, Rob.
Look at this.
Oh, she's ready to go.
All right.
Okay.
Email number one.
Dear OLR.
Dear Rob, I think you should stop giving Jamie a hard time and go eat a junior man.
Love, uh, member dark Sakura.
One.
Okay.
First one is cheeseburger.
Hey guys, last week I was listening live on my PSP, so cool and was not in the chat room.
The thing I wanted to chime in was the discussion of arcade cabinets.
I don't remember who said they would kill for an original star Wars arcade machine,
but I would so kill for an original star Wars arcade machine.
I'm 15, so obviously didn't grow up in the eighties, but I have always thought, and everyone
tells me that I was born in the wrong decade.
I would give anything to have grown up in the eighties.
No Reagan.
That's all.
Um, I roam eBay for countless hours for classic video games.
I watch all of the AVGN videos and well, the angry video game nerd to translate.
And while this email is getting too long, my longest OLR email so far, I'm going to
shut up.
PS sky.
I mess around with iPod custom firmware and would like to make an OLR custom firmware
for iPod.
So could you send me or link me to some OLR picks to work with?
I will totally forget that request.
So send me a message to my personal email at rob at orange and Andre.com and I will
be happy to do that.
Okay.
Also, I do want to commend our different cheeseburger for vastly improving and spelling and grammar.
So the most improved award you, you win a shiny, shiny gold star you seriously.
You win.
It's probably one of the most legible emails I've received from cheeseburger.
Here you go.
Have a junior mint.
You get a golden junior mint, which you don't want to know why it's cold.
Next email.
This is from alpha.
Can anagram it's your OLR.
This is a quick lesson.
The email.
Well, it's a lot longer than I thought it would be.
Actually a plan on getting a PSP go, but I'm keeping my PSP 2000, which has the earliest
motherboard and firmware version 3.90.
The one I had to fix and asked y'all's advice, god I miss people saying that, advice on removing
that damned stripped screw, which I finally got out.
I preordered a game that comes out in a month that is on UMD, I'm importing slash paying
for this one since it comes with a physical preorder bonus that you can't pirate.
But I have just realized that I haven't bought any recent PSP games that require a firmware
update, since my PSP's d-pad was previously broken for the longest time until recently.
And this game probably will have a firmware update on it that will want to be installed
before the game can be played.
The thing is, with multiple commas, is that I still want to hack this PSP and play the
game without updating, but I have no Pandora battery or magic memory stick.
Do y'all know anyone or any place that is reputable and cheap or free to get either
of these items from?
I probably can make the memory stick thing, not sure about the battery part.
You can make the battery, but you need to have another PSP to do that.
Another PSP.
So borrow a friend's?
Another PSP with a custom firmware, and then there's a program that you can run to make
the battery.
And then to make a battery for a 2000 is a pain in the ass.
Because you have to do some extra steps.
But it's not that hard, I did it, I still have one.
Oh, I still have one.
Also, if we're ready then for the conclusion of the email that's answered the question.
This email has been brought to you by Yoshi's Island, home of the never-ending Crying Baby
Marios.
Waaa!
God, I hated Toys R Us when that thing was there.
Oh man.
I used to play that demo.
Did you use to work at Toys R Us?
No, I just used to frequent Toys R Us when they had toys in there, now that it's Baby
RS slash Toys R Us.
I have to say though, touch fuzzy, get dizzy, one of the greatest stages in all of video
gaming.
Yes, I didn't notice the USB port or spot-to-access battery on the PSP Go pictures, comma comma
comma.
Hmm.
Well, then again, E3 hasn't happened yet, so I suppose it is a secret to everybody.
PPS, I am probably going to grammar hell, ain't I?
P-P-P-S, To Dark Sakura, comma comma comma heart.
I know you did that on purpose.
K.
Whatever.
Next email.
Dun dun dun.
I think this is from Act Deaf.
Yeah, it is.
Hi, OLR crew, this is your friendly neighborhood Mexican Act Deaf.
I'm writing today to ask a couple of questions and to fill some space up in the old mailbag.
I hope you can answer them.
I'm probably getting a PSP soon, and yeah, I know the PSP Go is coming and all that stuff,
but I personally think the design sucks.
Amen!
Oh my god, it looks like a cell phone.
Of course, one of my immediate purchases is Rock Band Unplugged, and I already have pretty
Can I Be the Hero and Pump It Up Portable.
My question is what other games should I look out for, especially cheap ones since my budget
isn't that big right now.
Any type of game except SRPGs are good.
Potapon 2 and Loco Roko, two, both 20 bucks.
Loco Roko.
Luminous is one of the greatest puzzle games you'll ever play, and the PSP is the platform
to play it on, especially if you can find Luminous 2.
The sequel was really effing good and unfortunately didn't quite have that same magic and momentum
of its first game, although the first game does have Shining and some really good tracks.
Luminous 2, don't overlook it, it's a great little puzzler game.
If you can find it on the cheap, definitely pick that up.
And the Grand Theft Auto games are pretty good too.
Also since you're going to be at E3, I would like to ask you to look for any info on a
possible American release of Space Invaders Extreme 2.
I love the first game and have the Xbox Live Arcade version, I would love to have a localized
version of it instead of importing it.
I also want to follow up on a call of mine from a few weeks back in the Latin America
release of Patapon 2, since it's download only in the States.
I searched in some stores here in Mexico a few days ago and found they were selling Patapon
2, and surprisingly it was on UMD, no download copies here apparently.
Thank god Sony did the right thing here and released it on physical media, it would have
been a pain in the ass just to download the thing from the PSN store, though of course
the game costs double the price in the US.
Well those are my questions for now, I wish you a good trip to E3 Skyloki and I hope you
have a great time there, PS bring us some E3 swag.
We just might.
Um, okay, I guess this is Dan Shadow, what's your favorite kind of flour, mine's chocolate.
What?!
Whatever.
Uh, I like tuna.
Mine's tuna.
Type of, wait what, flour?
Flour?
Flour?
The game on Playstation 3.
I don't know.
Baking.
That's F-L-O-W-E-R.
You didn't say that.
I said flower, not flower.
You know what, go stuff a junior mint.
Where the sun don't shine.
How about the last email?
A virgin's.
Hello?
I see what you did there, okay.
You made a dumb email pretty good, Loki, good job.
Okay.
Hello NOLA Orange Lounge Radio Crew, this is Blue Swim from the NOLA Army's Twitter
Division.
Over the Memorial Day weekend last week, my beloved cat of 13 years, Goldie, took ill.
After her condition worsened, I had to do the toughest thing I've ever done and had
her put to sleep.
Aww.
Her passing was the first time I've cried since I was a kid.
What a downer.
Why did you have to end with this one?
This is sad.
I'm so sorry to hear about that.
It's never easy to lose a pet.
It's like losing a baby.
My kitty died.
It's sad, now I'm going to be in a bad mood the rest of the night.
Oh, let me finish reading the email.
Fine.
Stop being a baby.
It wasn't uncommon for her to walk over and plop herself down on my lap while I was in
the middle of playing a game.
She'd do it even while I was playing the drums and rock band.
It's actually one of my favorite gaming memories, which leads to my question for this email.
This is so sad.
Do you guys have any gaming related memories involving a pet or pets that you've had?
Thank you for doing OLR all this time, keep doing what you're doing, Blue Swim.
My old cat, Madeline, really the only cat I had because I haven't had one in many years.
She passed away several years ago.
She was actually named after the actress, Madeline Kahn.
That's fantastic.
Yeah, who else?
Well, because Clue was my favorite movie growing up, so when we got my cat, I named my cat
after Madeline Kahn because, of course, Mrs. White was one of the best characters in that
movie.
Anyhow, my cat would actually, while I was playing video games, my cat liked to hang
out.
Shermie's not on her box, I can tell you that.
My cat liked to hang out in this patio room that we had.
We had an indoor patio and that was basically the cat's room.
My mom didn't like the cat in the house because it would get fur everywhere, but the cat basically
had her own room.
But we had a glass door leading to this indoor patio.
So when I would play video games, I remember my cat would run up and just kind of stare
through the door at the TV.
But we all know cats don't really see the same images we do.
Something about the TV.
I don't know.
But when I was a young kid, I used to think, oh, she loves watching me play video games.
So I remember that with my cat.
Do you have a pet-related story, Logie?
My cat Chase is the Wii pointer on the screen.
When Animal Crossing would come, when we'd play Animal Crossing, and the little bus logo
thing would pop up on the screen, she'd get down the bottom of the TV and start pawing
at it.
When I got DDR Second Mix, this was actually not too long after I first got Shermie, so
she was probably about two years old at the time.
She used to hit the analog button on the Dreamcast pads and start the game for me or put me in
another.
You know, put me in SSR.
I'd be like, damn it, I'm not that good yet.
And then she would actually every so often she'd enjoy watching the fish on the Sega
bass fishing.
And then but now she just sits down and watches us play because she's really fat and lazy.
Marissa in chat says, that has inspired me to name a cat if I ever get one, Gilda.
What an amazing name for a cat.
What an amazing woman.
Gilda, by the way.
My sims have a cat named Sylvia.
Sorry.
I'm going to get all weepy if we keep talking about these, like, cats.
Let me see if I've got another email.
Don't we have a dick and fart joke?
Can't we tell more junior men jokes?
Something?
Oh, shoot.
I forgot to read the very last part of that email.
Oh, okay.
In case you were curious, the title of this email, and lost a friend, is a reference to
the Exploder Evacuator Part 2 radio commercial from GTA Vice City.
Now you know annoying is half the battle.
Peace, Smiley.
Well, best of luck with and I'm really sorry to hear about your loss.
And if your family decides to get another cat, there are many, many cats out there who
need love.
Adopt a cat.
Everyone go out there and adopt a cat.
Well, some people are allergic.
Some people don't.
So I'm allergic.
I have air filters in my house and I take sinus medicine every day.
I love my cat.
I will do whatever I can to keep my cat.
So if I can't, the only thing I won't get a dog because I'm actually so allergic to
dogs that allergy medicine does not touch it.
I actually, I don't know if I've ever gotten into this on the show and maybe I shouldn't,
but I actually have a fear of dogs.
It's taken me a little.
Do you?
Yes, I have a, I have a definite case of fear of dogs.
It doesn't matter the size.
I get really nervous around dogs.
I've gotten a lot better with it in the past five years than I would say from the time
I was five through about the time I was like 21.
It was really bad.
Like whenever I get around dogs, I get really nervous, like I can't like be around dogs.
And this goes back to, I was bit by one when I was five and it was very, um, traumatic.
So be careful with that book.
It's older than me.
Oh yeah.
Okay.
Um, you know what though?
You should meet pocket.
I think actually you'd scream like a little girl about pocket.
See, here's the thing.
And I don't want to disappoint you, but everybody tells me I would feel different about their
dog and I won't like, I'm just, no, I think you'd scream like a little girl around pocket.
What is this big?
Oh, then, Oh, well that would scream in terror and you would, you want to put me in my own
personal hell.
Sure.
I'll do that.
And has the loudest bark ever.
That's not even, I don't have a dog.
I won't have a dog and I don't let them in my house.
Um, so you don't have to worry about it for me.
The only kind of dog I want is a, is a, uh, corgi, uh, I N G N zero and I'm sorry, I'm
sorry.
I'm not pronouncing your name right.
Probably says a Rob.
You fear guns, projectiles and dogs.
Yeah.
That about covers it.
You know, I wonder if you would be okay with the Basenji.
They're not really like a modern dog.
I will say this.
There has been one dog that I was able to get along with and it was my, um, grandma's
old dash on wiener dog.
Um, because yeah, it was missing an eye.
So it was a handicapped dog and very, very quiet, very slow moving, very, you know, like
very just, I needed, I need an old lazy dog.
If anything.
Well, I don't need a dog.
I will always be a cat person.
If you were to have a dog, which won't happen, if you worked, if someone told us to bring
a dog in your house, in an alternate universe, it would have to be an old lazy fat dog.
Yes.
Something like that.
Blind in one eye.
Yes.
Answer's still lucky.
So no offense to you dog owners out there, but just understand this, this goes back to
a childhood fear that I can't shake.
You have a fish called kitty.
A fish called puppy.
That's my roommates.
Not mine.
Oh, you should get a cat.
Uh, roommate doesn't want one.
And I, I understand.
Um, maybe, maybe later on, maybe later on, but I definitely am getting a cat at some
point.
But you know, when, when, uh, when there's somebody else to take care of, if you get
a boy cat name and Frank, I haven't thought of, I haven't even thought of names yet.
I get a boy cat.
His name is going to be Frank.
After Frank inverter, cheeseburger in our chat room says, Rob hell is a great Dane with
Mayo and guns pretty much pretty much that about sums it up.
All right.
Look, some more news.
Cause we want to take your calls.
All night long.
Geez, Louise.
Yeah.
You people gotta get out of my house.
All right.
Loki, please.
Um, well, I don't know if anyone remembers, uh, the old toy mad balls, but apparently
mad balls are coming back, um, with an Xbox live arcade game, uh, called mad balls in
Babbo invasion.
And it's going to be a, um, action game where you can, uh, basically like a shoot them up
action game and it's going to have, um, four player co-op, 16 player multiplayer and randomly
generated maps.
And I have their PR guy keeps hounding me.
So we have actually a meeting with them at E3.
It's my first meeting, so, uh, we'll find out more about it, but you know, when I first
saw this, I'm like mad balls, really?
Is that like a smart IP to try to bring back?
I mean, really, but reading the comments on like some of these news stories, everybody's
like really enthusiastic about it.
I'm like, okay.
Might be.
You know who won't be playing that?
Me.
I will wait for Loki's report before I make a decision either way.
Oh, I was going to drag you along.
Oh, goodie.
When is this?
Wednesday?
Noon.
Yeah.
Oh, fine.
I'll go.
We'll see.
I don't have a lot of meetings planned, but I, you know, I find, especially with the smaller
companies, if you walk up and care, they will talk your ear off.
So I'm, I'm all for it.
Why not?
Well, I don't want to spend an hour looking at this one game.
Well, yeah, I mean, well, it depends.
It depends.
I'm going to open mind, open mind.
They gave me a 15 inch spiel and that's it.
Well, they don't have a booth, so they don't really have anything to demonstrate.
I mean, we'll see.
We'll see.
All right.
More to come.
Of course.
We're not doing a show next week, are we?
Because of E3.
I'll be back.
Are you going to be back?
I'll be back, but we'll see.
We may or may not be here next week.
I know it's Bobby's 200th show.
He may want to go along or he might be tired too.
More to come on that if we will be here next week or not, but we'll definitely do something
to cover E3.
Anyhow, I want to move on though with some of the news that came out this weekend.
The next story has to do with Grand Theft Auto.
This was some news that kind of got trumped a little bit by everything else, all the leaks
coming out of E3.
This is certainly huge news.
That also proves that that last, what was it?
That Twitter.
Remember that Twitter reveal that it was supposed to have the full E3 lineup for Microsoft.
Yeah, it was a bunch of bullshit.
Oh, why?
Because they had the wrong title.
Oh, they had the wrong title.
Well, who would have thought that this would be the title?
I mean, I don't think anyone could have guessed that the official title of the next expansion
is The Ballad of Gay Tony.
And apparently in this, you will be taking on Luis Lopez, who is a part-time hoodlum
and full-time assistant to nightclub impresario Tony Prince, who is Gay Tony.
Now, I don't know enough about the story.
Loki, please explain.
Who is Gay Tony and is he just happy or is he gay?
No, he's gay.
He's a nightclub owner.
Basically, really all the expansions tie in with is there's a mission that's called the
Impossible Trinity.
And basically, it's a diamond deal that goes down bad.
Both Nico and Johnny are there doing an exchange with the Triads for selling them diamonds.
And Luis comes in and basically robs them of their diamonds and breaks up the whole
thing and there's a big gun battle in the Museum of Natural History.
So that all goes down.
I'm not really sure what they're going to cover with this.
There's a lot of speculation saying because the last expansion, they updated the rock
and rap stations and stuff.
This is going to be more of the electronica updates as far as music goes and stuff.
And it's supposed to focus around Al Gonquin, his nightclub and stuff like that.
Maybe like the safe house and stuff.
Now, before you might think my feathers are ruffled being the gay guy on the show that
they're naming this, the ballad of Gay Tony or whatever, I actually kind of don't care
because Rockstar has a track record of handling these issues pretty good.
I mean, we remember Bully, you know, actually kind of handled it fairly interesting.
And you know, I don't see any, you know, if it's a gay character in a story, who cares?
I think you run into Gay Tony in the first game, well, like the main storyline.
So you know, it's all about and how they handle it.
Yeah.
Now, but let me tell you what pisses, well, is there anything else you want to mention
about this though?
Because I'm going to segue into the FUs of the week here because there is one thing about
this that kind of pisses me off.
And it's the whole fact that you can call this game the Ballad of Gay Tony, but heaven
forbid you can't put gay in your profile.
Remember that whole thing that came up a couple of weeks ago where Microsoft says you can't,
you know, talk about the sexuality stuff in your profile, but yet it's okay to name the
game the Ballad of Gay Tony.
So I see a double standard here.
And when I see double standards, I get very irritated.
Not that I want to put gay in my profile, but if somebody does, why shouldn't they be
allowed to?
You know, if somebody wants to put, hi, I'm gay or whatever, then that's their prerogative.
If somebody puts, I hate gays, well, that's a lot different.
See what I'm saying?
Yeah.
But anyhow, there's a clear double standard here.
Double standards piss me off.
It's time for the FUs of the week.
Um, believe it or not, I don't have, I don't, I'm in a pretty darn good mood right now.
So actually, God, we're in like bizarro world tonight.
You know what, can you do some dark soccer?
Sorry to hear it.
Sorry I'm not laughing.
It's just funny out of everything that comes out of it, you got that.
Sorry to hear it.
FU to housework and because my knees hurt because I've been crawling around on laminate
flooring and they're all bruised, so that sucks.
And I still have lots of paintings to do and I have a lot of other stuff I have to do when
I'm moving in in two weeks, so yikes.
So FU to work, oh, and I've been getting up at eight in the morning working till like six
at night today.
I flipped off a day of work after the morning later worked at the house, so yeah, long days.
But how is it being in your own house now?
Um, it'll be cool when it's done and just, uh, we have like the baseboards to do and painting
and stuff.
Luckily my parents are helping out the kitchen and stuff.
My dad's been really cool when it comes down to actually, you know, help me during the
days to stop for me to come in, you know, during the times I'm gone, yeah, I use the
green stuff to come in and do all the baseboards.
Some of my mom's gonna be painting while I'm gone and stuff, so you know, couldn't have
done it without them, so it's really cool.
But yeah, it's pretty, it's pretty awesome.
I, I keep, I'm tempted because my wife promised when we get a house I could get an arcade
cabinet.
Of course she said that all the time.
She just sold ours.
So, maybe.
But I'm not building it this time.
It'll be pre, pre-cut, prefab.
All right, um, and I will, uh, go ahead and, uh, say, um, my F.U. of the week goes to spammers.
Oh my god, I've been getting more spam on Gmail lately, like I don't know what happened,
but over the weekend the spammers figured out how to get through or something, and I've
been getting spam messages like crazy on Gmail, I don't know if it's just me.
I've been too, I've been too.
I've been getting so pissed off, and it made, like, I fucking hate spammers.
I fucking hate them.
Like, why do they do this?
Like, I mean, they slow down the internet with all their traffic.
Do people actually buy the shit in these emails?
Do people actually legitimately believe this stuff?
Like, and sadly, even if one person out of a million believes it, it's probably worth
it to these people, but they're just, they're the parasites of pond scum.
They're, I hate it.
I hate it.
They stop when they start charging postage on emails, which they shouldn't do, though.
There's that, there's the, I know, there's a whole, like, double standard thing, but
they shouldn't do that, but I mean, maybe for mass emails or something they need to.
I don't know, but I'm getting so irritated with freaking spam email.
It's sick.
That's a pretty epic F.E., Rob.
Well, we should, seriously, we need to, like, in countries that support spammers, we need
to just drop a nuclear bomb or something.
Get rid of these people.
All right, I'm being a little extreme, but it is just obscene.
Like, we need to do something to stop this.
And it's not just, like, it's not just that I'm annoyed.
I am annoyed.
It's not just that, but the fact that they slow down the internet with their poop that
flies out of their keyboards.
I get more spam in my actual Orange Lounge account than I do.
Seriously, we get inundated with the Orange Lounge.
God!
I'm so sick of spam.
All right.
But, you know, it's, unfortunately, it's, you know, part of the hazards of being on
the internet.
However, I do not advocate just, you know, sitting back and letting it happen, of course.
All right, Bobby linked me to a website here with, actually, kind of a clarification, I
suppose, on the whole, you called the game Gay Tony, but you can't have gay in your
profile or whatever, and this is a website called step2.com, which is, I think he's
a guy who's involved with the, what is he, the community, I don't think he's community
director or something, but he does stuff with Microsoft.
Anyway, he basically says that the code of conduct policy does allow you to express vocally
on the service your relationship preference.
People get this wrong in saying all instances the word gay, for instance, are forbidden
from all of Xbox Live.
Therefore, this new download content represents a violation.
This is not the case.
I appreciate the appearance of a disconnect, but there isn't.
There's other content in Grand Theft Auto 4 that would likewise not be allowed in a
gamertag or profile.
Quotes from movies that you can obtain on Marketplace that are not allowed in gamertags
or profiles.
Rated, purchasable content has all sorts of technical rules and restrictions as to what
type of accounts can view them.
Limitations, synopsis and plot summary and so forth that gamertags and profiles do not
currently have.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I'm still not 100% convinced.
I'm thankful that they're aware that there's a disconnect here, but I don't know.
I'm not 100% convinced when we do see some of these reports coming out and so forth,
but I do appreciate the clarification if nothing else.
And they say they're working with these organizations, et cetera, et cetera.
They've been working with them for months and months.
Let's see what happens.
All right.
Anyhow, let's get back into some gaming news.
We're almost to the phone.
Stark Soccer, if you wouldn't mind.
Well, this is, I don't know.
Tecmo Bowl for Wii is actually put on hold and is being converted into Family Fun Football.
They are basically saying that they're switching it to a family-oriented game because of market
research and to go to the Wii's target audience.
Because that's everybody that owns the Wii is the family demographic, and they are not
going to recognize the name Tecmo Bowl.
So they're selling out.
Sad, but it makes sense.
Makes complete sense, sadly.
But on Xbox 360, there will be Tecmo Bowl for Xbox Live Arcade, and that will be in
early 2010.
Nice.
So hunt for that at E3.
Let us know.
Cool.
There's some pretty cool stuff coming over from Exceed.
They're a company that localizes a lot of games that normally come out in Japan.
Our modern working designs?
Yes, basically.
In fact, some of the cool stuff that they're bringing to E3 this year, Ju-On the Grudge
for the Wii.
Sweet!
The Regile, Farewell, Ruins of the Moon.
That's actually supposed to be a pretty kick-ass looking game.
Lunar Silver Star Harmony for the PSP.
Half Minute Hero for the PSP.
Remember that Yusa 30 game that they had?
That looks pretty sweet.
Ark Rise Fantasia.
Flower, Sun, and Rain.
Little King's Story.
Ragnarok Online DS.
Woohoo!
And Valhalla Knights Elder Saga.
So lots of cool import-friendly stuff coming from them.
Probably a booth I'll have to visit.
Alright, well something else that is going to definitely appeal to some folks out there,
and maybe not to others, but you might remember there was some talk about a Tony Hawk skateboard
peripheral coming out very soon.
Well, some more details have leaked on Tony Hawk Ride.
That is the game, and this is from GameStop.
The game is coming out October 13th.
It's going to set you back $120.
Tony Hawk Ride, which comes with a little skateboard controller.
So, could be interesting.
Could be dangerous, too.
I mean, God, I could just see people breaking their TVs left and right with this thing.
If you're having a little too much fun.
But, I mean, I don't know, how much fun can this really be?
Am I just being a pessimist? How much fun can this really be?
I mean, isn't part of riding a skateboard having wheels?
I mean, I guess you could make the same argument.
Well, how much fun is Wii Sports because it's not actual tennis?
Or why do people play Wii Bowling and not actual bowling?
I don't know. There's something about this specifically that I'm looking at going,
how can this really be fun?
This is a little curvy board that sits on your floor. I don't know.
It'd be like, what was the arcade game?
But then again, I was defending Wii Fit earlier, so what the hell right do I have to bash this game?
I don't know.
Yeah, Rob. No, really.
It'd be like, though, what was that one Sega game that you, you know, got to do all the...
The activator?
No, I'm talking about the arcade.
It would be something along those lines, I think.
You know...
Oh, oh God, Alpine Racer.
Well, no, they had the skateboard game.
It was similar to that, though. I know what you're talking about.
A skate or something?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I guess, but even that, I don't know, had movement or something.
I mean, it wasn't just a board that was lying on the ground, you know what I mean?
Like, you actually spun around.
I remember that. You used to have the golf lamp back in the day, right?
It would actually kind of spin around and you had the railings to hold on to.
Like, this is not going to be that elaborate, you know?
You still had that feeling of motion in the game because of the whole elaborate setup it had.
That's true. That is true.
So, sj100matt in our chatroom, chat.orangelandraday.com says,
Seriously? $120? I can put that towards a real skateboard.
Hitstun corrects the name. Top Skater and AirTricks.
Top Skater, that was it. AirTricks is what I was actually thinking of.
And Rob D says there were two arcade skateboarding games, but I don't remember the names.
Well, there they were.
So, there it is.
Top Skater.
Yeah, I think that's one of the ones I'm thinking of.
And I think we had both those games at one point at Golf Land.
But this isn't it. I'll tell you that much.
One more story from all of us, then we're going to get to your calls at 1877-GAME-OLR in just a moment.
But first, a few more stories. DarkSakura.
Well, how about something for LEGO Indiana Jones? This is kind of cool.
Well, for LEGO Indiana Jones 2, I should say, is that you're going to be able to build your own stages.
So, basically, you can do levels, tombs, challenges, sandbox areas, put down plates, traps, all that kind of fun stuff.
You can actually save everything and go back and do your playthrough again on your homemade level.
It's like Forge, but for LEGO Indiana Jones.
Well, now, you're someone that likes to build your own stuff, DarkSakura, so maybe this is something that you'd be interested in?
Probably not.
If I can't violently kill people in this, I'm not interested.
Maybe I can recreate the Indiana Jones ride at Disneyland.
Now that, I would be down for.
Fire!
Because that's the whole reason to ride that ride, because you get fire.
Yes.
So there's some other stuff that's coming to E3 that's going to be pretty interesting.
You may remember developer High Voltage, they're bringing out the brand new first person shooter game,
the Conduit to the Wii, pretty soon.
It's a game that's kind of pushing the edge of what the Wii can do.
They have some new games coming out, though.
The first one being Gladiator AD, an ultra-bloody fighting game that puts you in the role of a roaming gladiator.
Looks pretty sweet.
And then, to go along with that, something more like a normal traditional shooter, a game called The Grinder,
which is going to be kind of like a supernatural shooter game.
It's got like vampires and stuff like that, and werewolves.
So, looks kind of cool.
Actually, sadly enough, this game kind of reminds me a little bit of that game from Gamecock,
which I cannot remember for the life of me what it was called.
Are these games we're going to see at E3?
I don't know, they were just announced.
Maybe? I don't know if we...
Sometimes a game being at E3, though, is just a trailer showing on a monitor, you know what I mean?
A lot of these games are probably like that.
It's possible. Maybe we'll see this. I don't know, though.
Not every game is playable. I think we forget that a lot of shit at E3 is not touchable.
Like everything from Square Enix.
Usually. I bet that new Kingdom Hearts game will be playable, though.
Yeah, it's already out in Japan.
That, what, 3283 or whatever it's called? Some weird name.
Again, I don't understand, because I thought this was a series aimed at kind of kids,
and they do all this weird stuff with it, but I don't know.
I don't understand some of the Kingdom Hearts logic sometimes.
I love the games, though. I do. I really do.
And I know I'm not going to see Kingdom Hearts 3 at this year's E3, and I'm just going to be pissed.
Oh.
Are we going to go to the theater?
Thank you. Game Guru says 3582 Days is the name of it.
Yeah, I'd love to go to the theater and check it out if they have it again this year, which I assume they will.
Because it's always like a waste of time.
No, I mean, not that I don't like doing it, but it's like...
You know what? I actually like seeing the epic Squeenix trailers on the big screen.
It's like, oh my god, it's a trailer for Final Fantasy XI.
Seeing the trailer... Look, I make this comparison.
What about when you see trailers for movies on the big screen?
Like, when you saw the trailer for The Dark Knight for the first time,
or when you see the trailers for Harry Potter, if you're into that or whatever.
When you see these trailers on the big screen, isn't it so much better than when you're watching them on your tiny ass computer screen?
Yeah, it'll be alright.
Same thing. Same thing.
It depends. It really depends.
How so?
Well, I mean, because really, sometimes there's been...
I'll just see movies that I really could care less about, honestly.
So, I was like, um, why did I have to see this big? Why does it have to, you know, be involved in my life right now?
So, that's what I mean.
Alright. Well, let's move on to one more gaming story,
and then we're gonna take your calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR,
or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadial.
Please make sure, if you're gonna use Skype, make sure you've tested your call with echo123 as the username on Skype.
We had some issues last week with some of our callers,
so please make sure that your volume's okay by giving echo123 a call.
We got one more story for you guys, though, before we get to the phones,
and it has to do with the DSi,
and I guess this is one of those, uh, you knew this rumor would show up at some point.
I'm sure it's come up before. Well, guess what? It's coming up again.
Apparently, as you know, the DSi had the Game Boy Advance port removed from the game.
Well, could this possibly be because something a little shadier is in store?
You're gonna soon be able to download Game Boy Advance titles onto your DSi,
just like you download old-school Nintendo games to your Wii.
Pretty soon, Game Boy, Game Boy Color, and Game Boy Advance games on your DSi through the DSiWare store.
And move goes the cow.
I know, and the sheep will herd into this and, uh, buy this crap, I'm sure.
Tons and tons.
No, I don't know, though. There might be-
And at the same time, why can't they just put this stuff on the Wii?
I mean, like these Game Boy Advance titles and stuff.
Hey, or some other functionality, and maybe you can tie your accounts together,
and then if you download a Game Boy Advance title on the Wii, you can take it with you on your DSi.
That would be cool and innovative, which will never happen.
I think some people forgot, as well, we had a Game Boy Advance player on the GameCube.
Yes, I remember that.
So they can put those games on your TV.
Game Boy Color player on the Super NES.
That's right. So they can put it on your TV, so don't listen to that garbage that they can't do it.
Because they can. They have.
Yeah, I was about to just say that they can and have.
But, I mean, honestly, though, you know what the deal is for them.
In the end, the only thing that it is is the bottom line.
I know, and there will be-
And they can make money.
It's instant money. It's free money. They're gonna find free money wherever they can.
That's the plan. Anyhow, let's go to the phones. They're ringing off the hook tonight.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
It's GS68.
Hello, GS68. How you doing?
Alright, I'm here to talk about Fanime.
That's right. I don't think you were there last week while our show was going on, so how was fun?
Yeah, unlike last year, I didn't get to call in at all, or listen at all.
That's alright. We had a short show last week because of the holidays, so we didn't end up doing a whole lot.
And Loki wasn't here, so...
And I know it hasn't gone on the podcast feed yet, but it will soon.
So, what's on your mind? How was the con? Tell us about it.
It was pretty good. I was mostly in the gaming room this year, and I saw the most badass 2DX setup.
Like, someone had actual arcade hardware hooked up to a PS2 with one of the PS2 versions of 2DX,
so my one complaint was that it was not an HDTV, so it was very laggy.
That's pretty cool. What else was in the game room?
What else? They had a bunch of scrolling shooters, like Radiant Silvergun and Gradius.
One of my friends brought his Tetris of Grandmaster arcade board, so I got to play that.
Did they still have, like, one thing I remember from the last Fanime I went to, which was a couple years ago,
tons and tons and tons of DS gamers, like, you know, all playing the Japanese games and stuff,
and beaming the games to each other, like, there's just tons of that that goes on.
I didn't really need some DS so much this year, but I will say this for the Bomani fans,
the arcade finally had an actual version of Pop'n Music, not Animelo 2, thankfully.
Hmm. Alright.
Oh, that's...
No, go ahead.
Yeah, instead of Pop'n Music, Animelo 2 did Pop'n 14.
That's good. That's definitely worthwhile.
How about anime stuff? I know we don't talk a lot about anime on this show, but did you see some cool stuff going on?
Like, any cool panels that you saw? I know we weren't there this year, but...
I went to one gathering, but it wasn't as good as the same one from last year,
and I went to a panel called Bonstar Cave. This is a video game trivia show panel thingy, and it was pretty awesome.
That's one thing I really want to get into doing, these cons, these game show type things, because I think it would be a lot of fun.
Like, a lot of references to older video games, like 16-bit video games,
like, your questions are represented by enemies, and so do enemies, or versions of enemies from older games,
like Mr. Batty from Earthbound, or Dr. Robotnik with 12 balls and chains,
or this Labyrinth Zone dance party thing where if you get the question right, it ends,
but if you get it wrong, you get a sonic drowning if you get it drowned.
Interesting. Some people have a lot of time. A lot of free time on their hands.
You know what's... I gotta say this, because I don't think I ever said this about Anime Central when I was talking about this,
that was the most recent con I went to, but one of the panels that they were supposed to do was, like, live recreations of cases from Phoenix Wright,
where they were going to basically do the cases from Phoenix Wright as a play, at least that's how it read in the book.
I remember that one, and even though I went to the Ace Attorney gathering...
It was not what we thought it would be. We tried to go there to the panel, and it was hard to hear,
they weren't really reading off a script, they were just kind of making it up, it seems we left after five minutes, it wasn't...
We were like, god damn it, this seemed so much better in the panel, like, this could have been epic!
Objection! You know, they could have gone off the script from the game and it would have been beautiful.
Yeah, what else... I went to the cosplay chess, which is like, basically you have a chess board, two people playing chess, and then you have a bigger chess board,
where they represent the chess gameplay on the huge board with cosplayers, that was pretty fun.
Any good video game cosplay that you saw?
A whole lot, hold on, let me just post my pictures from the bottom in the chat room.
It has a chat.orangelaungeradio.com, if you want to check that out, I see the link there.
Yeah, I saw a few video game cosplay gatherings, and I cosplayed as a character myself, and that was kind of funny.
Like, I went to my apologizes cosplay, and a lot of people recognized me, and I went to my pop-in cosplay, and only three people recognized me.
Then again, I wasn't really surprised.
What would you say was the best video game cosplay you saw?
I'm not sure.
Like...
Yeah, I saw Captain Commander cosplay, and that was pretty cool, because the cosplayer had neon lights on his costume, which was awesome.
Alright, fair enough. Well, gs68, any other thoughts about Phantom 8 before we let you go and take some more calls?
Um, yeah, I went to YaliCon Bingo for the hell of it. I didn't win anything, but...
YaliCon Bingo.
Yes.
This sounds like one of those things I have to experience at least once in my life. I've heard of YaliCon for probably ten years now, and I've never really gone.
You probably should.
I've been to YaliCon before, Rob, it's interesting.
Maybe at some point.
Yeah, I might go to YaliCon this year, but only for one day. Same with that anime summer version.
Oh, okay. Well, maybe we haven't had sac animes in our neck of the woods, we haven't been there in forever. We'll see.
Alright, we gotta let you go though so we can get some more calls, but thank you so much gs68, I'm glad to hear you had a fun time at Phantom 8, and we should be back next year.
Alright, see you next year then.
Later!
1877 Game OLR, username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio. Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
Hey, it's Rama.
Hey Rama, how you doing?
Hi!
Not much.
Scott, I have a bit of a bone to pick with you now.
Oh, Jesus, what?
Not all spam is bad. Sometimes it's pretty tasty between a couple slices of bread.
I hate you.
You know what I meant.
I know, but you opened the door for me. You don't do that.
I did. Hey, you got me back for the purple spaceship from earlier in the show, so there you go.
Oh, that was a good play. I loved it. That was a good play.
The chat room is telling me to hang up on you for that, so you better talk quick to save yourself. What else is on your mind?
Two words. Anime Boston.
Alright, how was Anime Boston?
Seriously, it lacked. It just didn't have the same oomph or feeling as the last Anime Boston that I've attended.
You know, I've been going since the first year.
I would guess it probably lacked because every year it's so packed full of people, it takes you instead of like 10 minutes to get from point A to point B, maybe 20 minutes.
Now it takes five minutes. I'm just guessing because they've redesigned the logistics of where everything was this year.
Let me ask you a question that came up last week. One of our other listeners went to Anime Boston. We were kind of grilling him on it a little bit.
And one thing that we asked about was the location, because apparently the place that they have Anime Boston is where they're going to have Penny Arcade Expo East Coast version is the same venue.
Will it fit?
I've been saying no, no, and no. Because the convention center holds like maybe we're between 10,000 to 15,000 people and AB has hit anywhere between 5,000 to 7,000 and it has been jam-packed.
If they do it right, they may be able to pull it off. If not, when you get there late Friday afternoon or Friday evening, don't be too surprised to see signs on the door that says fail to capacity due to fire code.
Wow. Rob D. in chat clarifies they are estimating 20,000 people for PAX East. They're insane.
And if that's the case, the Hines might just be able to pull it off. It is three floors. It's not tremendously huge as like the Baltimore Convention Center which can hold about 24,000 people.
I can see the Hines maybe half that.
They'll probably spill into some neighboring facilities and some of the hotels that I imagine are right nearby there. Like that's kind of what ASEN does.
They have the convention center, but they also spill into the nearby hotels. So I'm sure PAX will do something like that if there's that much demand there.
Yeah, because it's like there's two hotels attached to the Hind and there's two more hotels within walking distance.
Interesting. Anything else on your mind tonight? Actually, I want to ask you real quick, what did you see on a Boston GamingWise that you wanted to share with us?
DDR4thMix Plus Machine.
Epic win. I missed that one.
And I also discovered what the whole Nintendo booth was and since you went to ASEN, you probably saw it too.
Hmm.
You didn't see it?
No, the Nintendo booth?
Yeah, it was in the dealer's room. They had a complete display for Fire Emblem.
Yes, they did. They were selling the hell out of that new Fire Emblem game, yeah.
Yes, yes it was.
Indeed. I keep forgetting that I thought that was the makers, I guess it was Nintendo publishing it, but I thought for some reason, I don't know, it didn't click on my mind. I'm slow.
But yeah, I definitely saw that on the floor. They were a very popular booth.
Alright, well, Rama, we're going to let you go to get in some more calls and then go wrap up the show, so thanks so much for calling, okay?
No problem. Take care, guys.
Later, bud.
Later.
Alright, if you want to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR, username on Skype.
Orange Lounge Radio is the phone number to call.
We'll take a few more calls before we leave you guys tonight.
I just answered one and they hung up right away. I think somebody is redialing so fast that they're not actually able to get through.
I think we got one call here, though. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
This is Ingo.
Hey, Ingo! Good, I was wondering how to say that. What's on your mind, Ingo?
Nothing really much. I was wondering, is it worth 200 bucks to get a 360? I already have a PS3, but I was just wondering.
The golden rule of gaming, we've said time and again here on Orange Lounge Radio, is a console is only as good as the games that are on it.
You have to really look at what's available on the Xbox 360, and you have to look.
Are these games that I can't get on the PlayStation 3, or are these games giving me an experience I can't get on the PlayStation 3?
I'm phrasing it like that to you because you already own a PlayStation 3.
Most people are usually going the other way around where they already have the Xbox and want to get the PlayStation 3.
Or they don't have either of them and they want to know which one of the two to buy.
Usually I push people towards the Xbox 360 because they have, in my opinion, the better exclusives.
Whereas, if you're looking for a multimedia thing, the PlayStation 3 obviously has the Blu-ray.
It's got the better web and all that stuff. It makes a better multimedia box.
But since you already have that, you're really going to have to look at the Xbox exclusive games.
Are you somebody that plays Halo? Are you somebody that plays Mass Effect 1 and some of these other games that are exclusive on Xbox 360?
I'm having a total brain lapse right now. What are some of the other games?
Here's a War.
Here's a War. DDR Universe.
Fable 2.
Yeah. Are these games of interest to you?
No, I'll have to think about it for a little bit. Just some exclusive games.
Well, here's my question to you and you should ask yourself the same thing.
If I were to drop $200 on Xbox 360, what would be the first game I'd play on it?
For me, it'd probably be Grand Theft Auto IV.
Well, there you go. But see, Grand Theft Auto IV is also a game that you can get on the PlayStation 3.
But, of course, Xbox 360 also has the multiplayer.
Well, they have the multiplayer in the PS3 as well. They have the expansions. That's pretty much it for right now.
The multiplayer on the PS3 sucks.
Are you happy with the PlayStation 3 or are you a little disgruntled with where they've gone with it?
And that's why you're thinking about maybe going to Xbox?
I'm really happy with my PS3 because, well, yeah, I don't know why.
But, no, I really shouldn't until it sort of went down.
But, yeah, I got a 500GB PS3 now, so...
Nice, a modded PS3. And, hey, maybe you can get one of those phones where you can stream your pornography
at anywhere you want in the world over 3G.
No, I'm not one of those people.
All right. I'm trying to think of what else I want to ask you in regards to this...
Wait until after E3 and that's all their new games. You can see if there's anything that tickles your fancy.
You know what? That's a really good point as well.
With all these rumors of the motion control device and everything that Xbox is supposed to be coming out,
maybe that's going to be your incentive.
And there also might be a price drop or two.
So definitely don't buy anything until at least after, what, noon tomorrow after the press conference is done.
They're just waiting till the holidays.
Yeah, if you can wait that long.
If you were to tell me that, Loki, and I really wanted an Xbox 360, I'd be like,
No, I can't wait that long. I want it now.
I'll pay the extra 100 bucks. I don't care. I want it now.
I mean, any of us that buy a console the first day it comes out,
we all know the damn thing is going to drop.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Who was it that paid how much for an Xbox 360?
$700.
That's what I thought. Thank you very much.
I also own five of them.
Thank you very much. Case in point.
Sorry, Ingo.
Well, good luck to you.
I hope you are able to figure it out.
And let us know if you do end up buying the Xbox 360 and what you do play on it.
Anything else you want to share with our listeners tonight?
Um, Loki, you should check your friend requests on your PS3.
I haven't been on my PS3. Well, I have been on my PS3, but not browsing games.
We've been streaming the porn.
Watching porn, exactly.
We've been streaming movies out of it.
But yeah, I haven't been on PlayStation Network in a while.
Black Wolf would like to remind everybody that he is Loki's only friend.
Not anymore, Black Wolf. Sorry.
Oh, you cheated on him. I would cry if I were Bobby.
Alright, Ingo, we're going to let you go to get a couple more calls and get out of here.
But have a good night, okay?
You too.
Later, bud.
What was I going to say? The Rob D. in chat says, because Motion on the 360...
Oh, actually, this is his call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
What's up, guys? It's the Rob D.
I was just about to read one of your comments in chat.
You put, because Motion on the 360 is going to be good. Laugh.
Yeah, I know.
What if it is? What if it is, Rob?
Um, then I'll gladly eat ecro, but I really doubt it's actually going to be good.
You really think it's going to be anything more than a gimmick?
It's a cup of mayonnaise tonight, Rob.
I don't know if you were here earlier in the night.
Honestly, there is going to be a motion controller regardless of this camera thing,
because the third-party game accessory developer, PDP, is putting out their Magic Wand controller thing.
It has a game that comes with it called Squeeballs.
And it looks like the Wii remote.
As long as I can waggle my Squeeballs, I'll be good.
Wow. You know, there could be something good out of this. I don't know.
You know, it might be a hell of a party thing.
I don't think it's something I'm going to sit there and play in the room by myself,
look at me flailing about like an asshole.
Oh my god, did we get a totem ball sequel?
Can I buy another useless camera?
I'd somehow don't think Rob called in tonight to talk about Microsoft Motion Control.
Let me turn it over to Rob. What's on your mind tonight?
Well, I have to ask you guys to bear with me a little bit, because I'm currently sick,
and I'm coughing all over the place.
I have no voice, and I've been doing the show all night tonight, so it's fine.
Would you like your third convention report of the night, since I went to Anime North in Toronto?
Apparently we are the convention hub on the internet.
I guess so.
We should just name ourselves the convention cast. That's all right. How was it?
It was fun. Toronto is actually a really cool city.
It's the first time I've been there in about a decade,
and though they don't really care too much for copyright infringement,
as you can see from the picture I just posted in chat, which is hilarious,
it was a great place to have a convention, even though it was a little bit outside the city,
but I managed to have a friend show me around anyway.
So you actually got to see the city when you went to the convention,
because when I went to Chicago, I saw a little bit of downtown.
That was when we got lost one night. That was about it.
Wow, I'm looking at this picture. Mario Brothers Fast Foods, apparently.
Totally unrelated to the Mario Brothers. They're the Mario Bros.
Do they serve Mario broth soup there or something? What the hell?
I don't know. You can actually see they're under renovation.
I would have totally eaten there, but I decided to eat this little concoction for lunch instead,
something called poutine.
Oh, God, yes, I've heard of this. That's the Canadian, it's like the French fries and gravy, right?
Yeah, it's fantastic.
French fries, cheese curds, and gravy. If that doesn't stop your heart, I don't know what will.
It's a beautiful stuff.
But either way, the convention, though.
Instant pancreas attack right there if I eat that. All right, sorry, convention, yes.
The Friday was kind of interesting because I saw on the schedule that they had something called Anime Pro Wrestling,
and I thought it was a total joke, but no, they actually got some independent wrestling promotion
to actually have Anime Pro Wrestling, and they had me when they had Scorpion and Sub-Zero versus Inspector Gumshoe
and the guy from Helsing, so...
Wow.
Video game related, the game room, I know this is a theme with me lately, but the game room kind of sucked.
You know how you said it's great when the conventions actually spill over into the surrounding hotels?
Mm-hmm.
It's not so great when that surrounding hotel is a half mile away.
Oh, yeah, that's not good.
That sounds very Anime Expo, which is why I quit going.
Yeah, I went over there for most of Saturday, and of course they ended up scrapping the Street Fighter IV tournament
three hours after it was supposed to start, but I'm not bitter, not at all.
I went there on the Morian, all they had to play was Brawl, a pinball game on the PS2, I don't even know what it was,
and SBC Chaos, oh, and Ikaruga, which is, I guess that's fun.
But the real highlight of the convention was me taking a picture with the voice of Link, Nobuyuki Hiyama,
and the voice of Joe Higashi, the voice of Vyral, the voice of Siegfried from Soul Calibur.
They got some pretty good celebs up there in Canadian, don't they?
I know, right?
Wow.
That was a ton of fun.
I'm looking at the picture right now, there you are, there he is.
Too bad it wasn't the voice of Navi.
Hey, listen, hey, listen, I would love to get that person to do a bumper for OLR.
Hey, listen, hey, listen, to OLR.
Sorry, I don't know what the hell possessed me for that.
Alright, so on a scale of 1 to 10, 10 being blow your mind, awesome, con of the year, like, better than Penny Arcade Expo,
1 being, oh my god, this sucked, where would you rate this convention?
I'd rate it at about a solid 8, I expect Otacon to be better,
because last year at Otacon was just a really great experience, and especially since I have a panel at Otacon this year, it's going to be a ton of fun.
Of course, that makes everything better. Rob D panel makes everything better.
The only thing better than a Rob D panel?
Is a Sky panel.
That's right.
I'm just messing.
Alright, Rob, we've got to let you go so we can go wrap up the show, but thank you for making our show now with more Poutin.
I appreciate that.
You know it.
Alright, take care.
You always need more French fries and cheese carrots.
Alright, take care, buddy.
See you later, man.
Bye.
Alright, we're going to go ahead and close up the Skyline tonight. Sorry to those that didn't get through, but we're at about 9.20 in between this and our afterbirth and everything.
We don't want to be here too late tonight.
So, we're going to go ahead and go around and wrap everything up.
Again, remember, if you guys didn't get through, we do need more emails always.
Put Jamie to work. Mailbag at Orangelaunchradio.com is the place to send him.
Hey, I'm not here to work.
Alright, Dark Sakura, I'm going to make you work right now.
Oh, actually, I want to go around and see if there's any last-minute stories.
I know it was a busy Newsweek. Do you have anything, Dark Sakura?
I don't.
Loki, I know you've got to have something.
Yes, I do. Of course.
Just some last-minute stories.
ESRB is rated Final Fantasy VII for the PS3 and the PSP.
What?
Basically, the PlayStation Network version of it where you can download the PlayStation 1 game.
Most people's guess is that it's going to come out with the release of the Blu-ray of Final Fantasy Advent Children Complete since that's when it came out in Japan.
So, in a few more weeks.
Another surprise Sony-related. Apparently, there was a Sony PlayStation blog E3 2009 meetup in LA.
Well, apparently, the first hundred people in line also got E3 passes, so lucky them.
Let's see here.
That is very lucky. I would like to know if any of our listeners were one of those hundred people.
Remember, I'm looking for hugs at E3 if you are.
There's a rumor to another game being announced for the Halo series.
Apparently, from the Bungie blog, their search engine has a drop-down where you can search specific forums, and one of those forums was Halo Reach.
And that's different than, I guess, the Halo 3 forum and the Halo ODST.
And certainly a better name than Halo Reach around.
Yes, it is.
Ubisoft is bringing more game show based games to the Wii, including Press Your Luck, Family Feud, and they're going to do another Price is Right game.
Fuck no.
Price is Right is pretty...
I'm just kidding. I haven't played the Price is Right game.
It might be interesting.
By the way, completely unrelated, but I have to ask.
Did anyone see that clip on the internet of the Price is Right episode from last week where this contestant got so excited she jumped up on Drew Carey and kneed him in the balls?
Oh my god.
Like it was an accident thing. She didn't mean to do it.
But she totally kneed him in the balls and took him down.
Like he was like, oh my god.
I think it was on TMZ or something if you have to see it.
It's hilarious.
Sorry, completely random.
But fuck yes to Press Your Luck.
They have a Splinter Cell banner, of course, outside of the LA Convention Center kind of confirming still that it's an Xbox 360 exclusive.
No big surprise there.
And some other homebrew stuff actually interesting.
There's a project someone's working on called Metroid 2.5.
It's going to be kind of a 2.5D version of Metroid 2 and kind of 3.
Oh, in other words, what Metroid on the GameCube should have been, in my opinion.
There's a lot of Prime fans that would disagree with me.
It's quite different than what you would think.
It's actually really weird. Like Super Paper Mario almost, but not Metroid. Mega Man, I'm sorry. Mega Man 2.5.
Oh, well, you changed everything.
Not Metroid.
No, there is still a Metroid 2.5 type of game that's coming out that someone's making.
That Metroid 2 fusion thing.
That looked interesting.
And then there is another homebrew game that's coming out on the DS.
Someone's porting Patapon to the DS.
It actually looks kind of cool. They have some gameplay footage of that online.
And also, you may remember there was a Chrono Trigger sequel that someone was making out of a hacked ROM.
Chrono Trigger, Crimson Echoes, and Square Enix had kind of put a stop to that game.
Well, the ROM leaked out.
I fucking told you this would happen. I fucking said it that night that we covered this story.
It's going to leak anyway, and they're going to be like, oops, I didn't know, sorry guys, didn't know, didn't mean to.
We all knew it was going to come out anyway.
Originally, they thought it was going to be the 98% finished version of it, but now it's an alpha version of it.
So it's not complete, but it's...
Oh, well...
Complete enough?
...tricky around it.
No, you wait. There will be a 100% version that shows up soon enough.
Just you wait.
Yeah.
They'll be able to get away with it. Oh, well, we followed the seasons. We didn't know.
And is Squeenus going to lose any money? No.
So if they just go after these guys, they're just going to be jerks.
Asses?
Yeah, so yeah, I am not surprised one bit that that came out.
And there's millions of people downloading it now, I'm sure.
Millions of Chrono Trigger games.
I better include myself.
I know. I'm like, things to do when I get home.
And then finally, there's a new music game coming out from the founders of Rockstar Games.
Actually, the founders of the developer did Grand Theft Auto, the original game.
4 millimeters, I guess, is the studio.
And apparently, they have a game called Def Jam Rapstar.
Kind of the urban version of Singstar, if you will.
That will be at E3.
Yippee.
And that's it.
Alright. We're getting out of here. We're done for the night.
Are we?
We gotta wrap up, yeah. We gotta do our live-only segment real quick.
And then get out of here. It's almost 10 o'clock on the west coast, if you can believe it.
Long show tonight, but we had a lot of news. What did you expect?
Really? I mean, we've got E3 coming up.
Exactly.
Wait till next time.
And if we are here next Sunday, which I don't see why we wouldn't be, but we'll see.
We'll see, yeah.
Maybe like a short show Sunday. That's what I'm thinking is gonna happen.
Maybe we'll do, well, we'll talk.
Because I know Bobby might want to go along because this is his 200th show.
We'll worry about it later.
I know we gotta do some type of E3 impression show. We've got to.
And Dark Sakura, since you're not going, you gotta keep an eye on it from home.
I guess.
And keep an eye on all the blogs and all that fun stuff.
I guess.
Alright. Anyhow, let's see. We're gonna wrap up and get on out of here.
Everybody's final thought tonight. Dark Sakura, we'll start with you. Your final thought?
I made my garage too big.
Loki, your final thought?
I have to play more fuel and then kill some sims.
My final thought is I gotta check out this fuel as well and I'm looking forward to going to E3.
And remember I'm looking for hugs and just to meet more people.
So if you do happen to see me out there at E3, please stop and say hello.
I'm not-
Post it.
I promise I'm not mean. Just come up and say hi. Introduce yourself.
Ask anyone who met me at ASEN or anything. I swear I'm not mean.
Like I will-
But I am.
Yes, but Loki is, so avoid him at all costs.
I am too.
But if I'm with Loki, then you're okay because I will keep him in check and he won't be mean to you.
Alright, in reality, actually Loki is one of the nicest guys you'll ever meet. It's just a radio persona.
It's all a lie.
It's all a lie. I'm absolutely mean.
I hate to break it to you guys here, but the mean guy persona is all a lie.
Ah, great. They're gonna have Tony Arx right at the Microsoft E3 keynote. That's gonna be boring to watch.
Hooray. Maybe that's why they suddenly did the five minute increase or whatever in time.
The Rob Dean chat says, Sky punched me in the face and threw a drink at me.
In true diva fashion.
Alright, no really, we're out of here. Thanks you guys. Have a wonderful night.
Thank you as always for tuning into and supporting independent podcasting and our little show here.
Remember, if you like the show, all we ask is to tell two people about our little show here.
And to help spread the word because word of mouth is all we got.
Thank you guys so much for tuning into Orange Lounge Radio tonight. Have a great week.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com, Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com.
But we're probably right anyway. See you next week.
