Orange Lounge Radio
There's your hosts, Dark Sakura, Sky, and Loco.
Tonight, May 24th, 2009, an OLR favorite game is getting remade on the DS and Wii.
Did Sony confirm the smaller PS3 with their lawsuits?
Will I soon be able to rent games on my PSP?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that show dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
And joining you every week is myself, Rob Roberts, and my awesome co-host.
Say hello to Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Porn!
How are you doing?
Porn.
Nah, I just wanted to say porn.
Is he internet for porn?
I wanted the first word that I said on the show tonight to be porn.
Alright, well there you go, it was.
Second word of the show, official word of the show.
Yes.
Tribble.
Alright, so are you into Tribble porn or something?
No, I want to see Star Trek again.
Oh dear.
For the third time in the theater.
And then we went back to Becky's house and watched Tribble with Tribbles and then Trial and Tribulations.
Did you see the new, the HD?
Because apparently they remade a bunch of Star Trek episodes in HD.
I have to tell you.
Everyone who goes to see the movie or goes to see it again, when they first show Scotty, look on his desk, there's a Tribble.
Nice. OMG spoilers.
I'm just kidding.
Okay, like the Tribble, oh and the way they defeat the guy is Tribbles.
So since you brought up porn, what would you say is your favorite porn?
The boneheads.
I have actually not seen much in the way of porn, but the boneheads.
My favorite porns are the ones that are based off of like, you know, movies and stuff too.
Ally McKeel was pretty funny.
Ally McKeel is one of my favorites.
But the boneheads is a parody of Coneheads where they had collapsible head attachments.
That was actually the first one I saw.
Nice.
And my favorite animated, Bible Black.
Sorry.
Bible Black is kind of cool.
It's all good.
Hey, look in the chat.
Chat.orangelandtrader.com is always there when, you know, every night, every week that we tape this show, you guys are always there to entertain us with your chat comments.
And we have Tigerclaw says, Sky, the classic Star Trek series in HD is now available in Blu-ray.
And yeah, I've heard about that.
Plus all the old movies are available in Blu-ray too.
But wake me when they have the next generation movies in Blu-ray.
I love the Mesa Summa.
Tribble porn.
Aren't Tribbles born pregnant?
By the way, if you pluralize something, do not use an apostrophe.
Nice.
One Night Stands in Chat says, I just saw a porno called Six Fags, Magic Mount Him.
I want to see that.
Yeah, that sounds funny.
See, those are my favorite ones.
The ones that are based off of actual movies.
And no, Final Fuck X was crap.
Good cosplay.
Really crappy porn.
We talk about games sometimes on this show.
But you're probably wondering, where's Loki?
You haven't heard him yet.
Yeah, I mean, I know.
We gagged him with duct tape and taped him in the closet of his house.
Porn gets brought up and where's Loki to comment.
But sadly, he's not here tonight.
But it's for a good reason.
You may or may not have heard.
Loki is now a homeowner.
He got the keys to a house this week.
So him and Mrs. Loki have moved into the house.
But they have, you know, when you first move into a house, I don't know how many of you
know this, but there's like a million things you have to take care of when you're a homeowner,
especially if you're buying a fixer-upper, which I believe they did.
So they're fixing up some things right now.
But he will be back next week.
It's just temporary.
He's out tonight.
We are going to talk about the latest and greatest in video gaming, starting off with
our gaming weeks.
I do want to tell everybody, though, up front, because of the holiday, because of the fact
we have no Loki and because of the fact it's kind of a short news week, we do have a short
show tonight.
We're only going to be going for about an hour and a half tonight as opposed to our
usual three hours.
So apologies to those of you that were hoping for the long show tonight.
But it's kind of a holiday.
So we're going to take it easy tonight.
But we still have your calls.
It's not a drunk show, though.
It's a beer show.
That's right.
Dark Soccer is drinking beer.
I, however, due to everything I went through last year, I'm not drinking.
I have vodka.
I have Odwalla.
I have low fat.
I can't.
Just alcohol in general is a bad idea.
I have some rubbing alcohol.
I have wine once in a while.
I have witch hazel.
I have wine once in a while.
I have wine.
I don't want wine.
I have witch hazel.
I've got to be sober tonight.
I've got to be sober for the kids since you're setting a bad one.
I have peroxide.
All right.
Look.
Shut up.
Shut up and tell us about your gaming week.
I played Sims.
That's about it.
That's it?
Really?
Yeah.
Really.
Because, dude, I've been so...
Oh, you had finals this week, huh?
I had my last final on Monday, and after that, I was like, brain.
But no video games to kind of fill in that void?
That's usually what I do.
Why the hell do you think Sims is?
It's a video game.
It uses my video card.
That's true.
That is one you'll get sucked into.
Well, what kinds of things have you been enjoying in Sims?
Are you prepping for the release of Sims 3?
Kind of.
But I've been enjoying porn in Sims.
I've actually found a bunch of naughty items that I just was curious to see how they worked,
so I downloaded them just to see.
They're really horrible.
Why do you think people go instantly to doing dirty porno things?
Is it just because they can?
The first things that you learn...
Okay.
It goes back to the first things that you learn in any language is how to cuss and how
to talk about sex.
So the first thing that you do in any game, find all the dirty crap, especially if you
didn't mod it.
How else do you think they found hot coffee, please?
How else do you think hot coffee got in the damn game?
They were gonna have some nookie in that game, hell yeah.
So but no, really what I've been doing, and actually my two favorite things to do is to
play with the Sims body shop thing where you can, you know, if you download different skins
and everything, you can make your own Sims look pretty cool.
Like I showed Rob one that I made of a couple of characters I used to have, and I've even
done one for, you know, quite a number of my old tabletop game characters are pretty
cool.
I did one of me.
I'm gonna do one of Rob just because it's funny.
I want to see what that looks like when he finished.
The Rob Sim.
I might not do it in the show, but I don't know.
No later.
You still need to meet later.
But the other thing I like doing is building houses, and I've actually built some pretty
freaking...
My first house was shit.
Okay.
I just...
The first house was crap.
The first house I built, though, is pretty damn cool, and I love it, and I would actually
live in that house if I could.
So I've been, you know, sort of letting out an artistic thing, you know, something that's
been lagging, you know, while I've been in school.
My art...
I guess my artsy stuff has been focused toward my assignments, towards this theme, that theme,
getting this done, getting that done, and I've really just sort of enjoyed having kind
of a point and click kind of artistry lately, you know, where I don't have to really use
my brain so much, I can just pick things as I want to.
It's been pretty cool.
You might need to play some Ragnarok this week, because I'm thinking about signing up,
because...
Really?
I haven't played Ragnarok in about a month now.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
This is the same girl who every week is like, oh, you should sign up on my server.
You should sign up and play some Ragnarok.
And now that I'm finally...
If you sign up and play with me, I'll play.
All right.
Because I might do that, because, you know, transitioning into my gaming week, I was playing
a little bit of World of Warcraft this week, of course, as usual, but there's theatrics
going on.
We'll leave it at that.
But there's theatrics, and it's just kind of making me go, whatever.
I mean, I play games for fun.
I don't know why everybody else can't do the same thing.
But yeah, so I'm thinking about, you know, just chilling out in another game for a little
while while I can.
Because life's going to get very busy with, you know, in a couple weeks being E3 and everything
going on.
So, you know, now's a good time to sell me on other MMOs if you want to get me to check
it out.
Even part of me was like, I should go back and check out Final Fantasy XI, but then I
was like, no, that's really a bad idea.
That's a bad idea, Rob.
That's a disaster waiting to happen.
It is.
And I'm thinking of starting on Perfect Life, now that I finally got it downloaded.
But, you know, Star Trek Online's going to be coming out before too long.
Yeah?
And, oh my god.
I can't wait for that.
So freaking playing it.
Hells yeah.
I'm so there when that comes out.
Other games in my gaming week.
You know, I haven't actually played an awful lot.
I know, it's kind of like, it's affecting both Jamie and I.
But I did fire up the 360 earlier this week and was still playing some Space Invaders Extreme.
And I finally bought Outrun, because I checked out the demo like a while back, but I finally
actually had some time to sit down.
I was like, I want a fun arcade racer, and hello Outrun on the Xbox Live Arcade.
And you know, fun little game.
I like racing games that are not complex, like Outrun.
You know, I can't get into the Forza, because I don't know enough about cars, and I don't
like to customize my cars.
I just like to step on the gas and go.
And Outrun is a fun, you know, it always has been a great little arcade game.
And I like the one on Xbox 360.
It's fun.
I need to play more of the multiplayer, though.
I only really checked out single player this week, and was trying to beat it, and would
come so close, and can't seem to beat it, because I suck at video games.
No, I don't know.
I just, I didn't, I guess, spend enough time with it.
I don't know.
But yeah.
Otherwise, now I've been watching some movies, and you know, just catching up on some other
stuff around the house, and other things going on in my personal life.
Tomorrow's gonna be a big video gaming day, though.
I don't have a lot of other stuff planned, so my things to do are clean and play video
games, and to get in a bunch of things before E3.
So I had a Twitter message asking me to check out Team Fortress 2, which I'm gonna try to
do tomorrow.
Also I really need to get in and play more Left 4 Dead, so I might make it a PC day tomorrow,
but I also want to go back and visit some of my Xbox 360 RPGs, like, I don't know why.
I have this real itch to go back and do Lost Odyssey, because I only really got through,
like, maybe the first third, or the first half, and I really want to go and finish that.
So we'll see.
So, um, yeah, that's my plans for this upcoming week.
How about you guys?
Did you guys have a good gaming week?
I'm looking at chat room.
Uh, Cheeseburger says, I saw Star Trek twice already, and I'm gonna see it again.
Uh, Unfolded Raptor says, I've been playing Bionic Commando all day, and I'm already 63%
done.
I'm kinda curious how fun that is.
I've been hearing some mixed things on it, so I'm kinda curious what our chatters think
of that.
Certainly I like the old school one.
And I like the redone old school one.
That was a real fun one on Xbox Live Arcade.
Um, uh, let's see, also GameGuru asks, when is E3?
E3 is not this upcoming week, like tomorrow, but it's a week after, like it starts a week
from Tuesday.
June 2nd is when it starts, and I'll be going down there Monday night.
So we're still gonna have shows, actually, through E3 week.
Because Dark Sakura is not going, I do not believe we're going to be doing anything live
from E3, but stay tuned to the Twitter and to the website, you never know what surprise
we might have cooked up.
I am gonna take my video camera, but, um, as I was telling Bobby earlier, Bobby Blackwolf
who's before us here on Sunday nights on All Games Radio, I don't think there's a lot we
can do that all the big websites aren't already gonna do.
You know, we're not gonna be the first to report on the news, we rarely are, you know,
we're not gonna really be, you know, on the cutting edge of the latest and greatest E3
news.
All we can do is say, hey, you guys have been reading what's going on at E3, what do you
want us to dig and find?
We're your reporters on the show, we're the show where every gamer has a voice, what do
you want us to find?
So we'll be definitely using Twitter and the website and some of the things to find out
what you guys want us to dig up at E3, so look for that and our reports, be it in video
form or other tweets or what have you.
So we'll be looking at that.
I guess that's pretty much all I have to say for housekeeping tonight, too, there's not
a lot of housekeeping items or things to talk about what's going on, but if you aren't following
us on Twitter, check it out at OLR, please be kind and leave us a nice five-star review
on iTunes as well if you enjoy what you hear because we do the show for free.
Unfortunately, I saw a nice one-star one on there the other day and that's always a bummer,
it's like, dude, and I'm sure the person listens to this show because it seemed like the kind
of thing where it's just to get a rise out of us, it's like, dude, we do this stuff for
free and it's like reading stuff like that is really disheartening, you know, leave five-star
reviews for the show you like, but what good is it to leave a one-star review for these
other shows and people that work hard, you know?
Unless they're really crap.
You know, I would like to think we're not really crap.
You know what, Rob, I honestly, I don't care.
I don't, but it sucks because that, and I blame Apple, it affects your ranking on the
whole, if you go in and look at the lineups of the shows in there, we were on page one
and now we dropped page three, and that's kind of disappointing, you know, that's the
only thing that bugs me about it, otherwise I don't care, but I must say, if you have
feedback or something you think we should be doing better on the show, send us an email,
mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com, you know, do that, I'm kidding, all right, anyhow, that
being said, I don't want to get it too far into that, I paid that way too much attention
than it deserved, how about some gaming news, shall we, all right, hey, kind of a follow-up
to something we were talking about last week, 3D Realms, and we were talking about how 3D
Realms went under quote-unquote and took Duke Nukem Forever with it, well, this is interesting
because apparently 3D Realms actually released a public statement this week, you know, after
the whole development team was dissolved that was working on Duke Nukem Forever, and they
said they are not closed and they are not closing, however, they are saying that Take
Two will be retaining the publishing rights to Duke Nukem Forever and they will be able
to sell the game directly to the public, but what's interesting, now they're coming around,
they're kind of doing this little mudslinging there with Take Two, they're saying that Take
Two has actually bullied 3D Realms over the past year on their negotiation, what's going
on, and that 3D Realms is saying that Take Two tried to force a sale out of the situation
and 3D Realms left the table essentially, but you know, I can't help, I don't know,
I feel like there's two sides to every story and I still can't help but think, guys, what
were you producing on this game?
There was not a lot of public buzz going on because they refused to release screenshots,
there was no demo, they hadn't shown at E3 for years, what did they expect was going
to happen?
I mean, as much as I was excited for Duke Nukem Forever like the last guy, tease us
a little bit with something, you know, and I understand Take Two probably had the open
book and they got to see everything that was going on, but still, I mean, it's a business
and if people aren't, it's tough to sell a game in this day and age with, you know, look
at Prey and how kind of disappointing that ended up being sales-wise, you know, if there's
not the buzz out there for the game, it's not going to be pretty, and I bet you anything
now that Take Two does have the rights to this, we're going to see this game out in
a year or two, tops, two years tops, this game comes out.
Well, we can, if it ever really does, I mean, honestly, I sort of lost my expectation of
it really coming out.
I guess that's true, and you know, I don't even think at this point it might be a subpar
game, but I don't know, I'm not going to write it off completely, never write off a game
until you play it, that's what I'm planning to do.
Well, here's a game that some people might get to play if they have a Dreamcast, it's
coming up for Windows, Linux, and Dreamcast, yep, it's a homebrew game called Hypertension
and it is a re-imaging of Blood, which is a Doom-based, uses the Doom-based engine.
So yeah, it's kind of old school in that sense, but it's coming out on Dreamcast, so hey,
why not if you got it, buy it, I guess.
I'm looking a little bit at the play from it, and I'm really not impressed, I mean,
then again, it's old school, it's Doom-like, is that not, well, I don't know, it's got
some 3D, I guess, but it's not pixely, meh.
It looks a little like, yeah, Doomish.
It's quaky.
Doomish meets, yeah, kind of in that vein, the early 90s, or I guess maybe the mid-90s.
But the weapon is aerosol and a lighter, I love it.
But I mean, is there really a market for these types of Dreamcast games, it's kind of funny,
I don't know, does everybody report on these games because it's like, OMG, new Dreamcast
game, who would've thought?
It's a homebrew, I think it's notable, you know, there's being homebrewed, you know,
that's about it.
And people still love the Dreamcast, I guess, I do.
I guess, and one thing I did love about the Dreamcast is that there was so much homebrew
available for it, you know what I play most of all on my Dreamcast?
NES emulator.
I mean, honestly, that's one of the greatest things about it, although, I bested out Marvel
vs Capcom 2 the other night, yeah, yeah, good times.
So you did do some gaming this week, of Dan did, a little bit, we is in my household.
Gotcha.
Well, hey, another first person shooter that's pretty popular, Metroid Prime, you know why,
because it's one of the few AAA first person shooters that they have on the Nintendo Wii,
although granted, there's some others in the works or what have you, but, you know, Metroid
Prime, you'd definitely say is established.
The Metroid series is a hugely established franchise.
Of course, Metroid Prime 3 was the only one that's been released on the Wii in this country,
however, Metroid Prime 1 and 2 were re-released over in Japan, kind of the whole new Wii controls.
Well, guess what?
Nintendo announced this week that the Metroid Prime trilogy will be coming to the US, and
that means that Metroid Prime will be kind of repackaged, the first two games will have
the new Wii controls and the whole wide screen graphics, which, you know, I bet a lot of
people have mixed feelings about, but if you never really bought one or two, you know,
this might be a good way to revisit those games.
The only bummer is, no news here about Metroid Prime 4.
You know, if you have a Metroid Prime trilogy, and it kind of insinuates there may not be
a Metroid Prime 4, but I do have that hope that maybe that's one of the surprises they're
going to pull out at E3, but, I don't know, I wouldn't bet on it.
Of course, at the same time, I would like to see a new 2D Metroid, so maybe this is
the end of Metroid Prime, but maybe there will be a new Metroid series, like, you know,
there was Metroid Fusion and Metroid Zero, you know, maybe a new Metroid series.
This is the end of Prime, the beginning of something new, I hope.
I want old school Metroid.
I do too, and I think a lot of people want that, but, I don't know, is it really something
that might sell, or something we're not, or something we would get not on the DS?
You know what I mean?
Even more though, will it blend?
I think if a new 2D Metroid's going to come out, it's just going to be on the DS, and
that's kind of the bummer about it, is that, you know, yeah, I like the DS and all, but
I like to play the old school games on my TV as well, the big surround sound, you know,
look at some of the games that are 2D, 3D hybrids that were on consoles that were pretty
good.
Well, Street Fighter IV is a perfect example, right?
2D Fighter, awesome use of 3D in it.
Yeah.
Why couldn't you make a platformer in that kind of vein?
Or a game going back a little bit?
Well, that's what we really got for platformers, and I think LittleBigPlanet.
That's a great example.
I was going to say Beautiful Joe, even though that's back on the GameCube, but still, you
know, a good example of, you know, 2D platformers.
And Shinagogo.
They can still be a lot of fun.
Yeah.
Well, if anything, I think that LittleBigPlanet proved that, like, right away.
Reenie says in chat, Metroid Prime 4, you lost your power-ups again, moron.
I guess that's true.
How many times can we go through the same story of, whoops, lost my power-ups.
Maybe we can use dumb blonde as an excuse.
I don't know.
Yeah, just make it a prequel.
Make it another prequel.
Tigerclaw says the next one will be called Metroid Prime 4, Electric Boogaloo.
One can hope.
That would only be if, that was what they should have called Metroid Prime 2.
Brad from Pod Culture says Metroid Prime 4, Mission to Moscow.
Who knows?
If you want to join us and chat live on this Sunday evening, chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
Well, this is something that I am going to have to get.
This is on my must-buy-we list, is they're doing a haunted house simulator.
And it is going to be Ju-On, which is The Grudge.
Yes, as in the same movie, and probably not including Sarah Michelle Gellar.
It already came out in Japan a few weeks ago.
It will be localized, hopefully pre-Halloween.
So hopefully we'll be able to see it, but it's actually, um, as being consulted on it
is, um, is Shimizu Takashi, who was the guy who directed, actually, not only the Japanese
version, but he directed the first American one.
The second one is utter shit.
Don't go see it.
Um, but it's basically the, the, you're using the Wiimote as a flashlight on screen and
you go through a warehouse, a mannequin factory, um, a hospital, you know, just basically all
your usual, oh my god, I'm scared places, you know.
Um, but it's supposed to have a twist where you can use your second Wiimote to make in-game
things happen immediately.
In fact, the actual quote from this article, and I have to read this, Rob, is to make in-game
events happen immediately to make the player jump and hate you forever.
I like that, and I, there's a YouTube they're promoting this with that just shows a bunch
of scared people.
Hey, I'm all for scary games that are gonna make me jump out of my seat.
I don't know though, The Grudge, you know, I'm on it.
The first movie was cool, but I've seen the second one, the Japanese movie, I've seen
the, um, the TV movie, uh, Jeff and I were renting movies the other night and they, I
saw The Grudge 3 on DVD and I looked at that and I was like, lol, there's a third one.
Was it American?
Yeah, it was American Grudge 3.
No.
Yes.
No.
Yes.
Unless it said The Grudge 3, I don't know if it was maybe the Japanese one being marketed
as an American one, I don't know, but it was there.
No.
I crap you not.
Well, I'll have to, the second one's funny cause it's about what's her face doing dirty
things with the main character, it's pretty funny.
Not dirty that way, she's, it's very interesting.
It's very interesting.
Yeah, 2009 direct to video.
It came out.
That is shit.
Stars, uh, Shawnee Smith from the, uh, Saw series is in it.
Oh, whatever.
There it is.
The Grudge 3.
I don't know when this came out.
It came out 12th, 12th of May.
So it just came out.
It doesn't exist in my universe.
Do you want to hear the plot?
No.
A young Japanese woman who holds the key to stopping the evil spirit of Kayako travels
to the haunted Chicago apartment from the sequel, dot, dot, dot.
I'm not going to read the rest cause you didn't really want to hear it anyway.
Meh.
Cause you recognized it from any of the Japanese ones.
No, it goes still moved to Chicago from Japan to Chicago.
No, all they have to do is just hop on an airplane.
No, the whole, that's someone who completely just knows crap about, you know, hauntings
and anything.
They usually stay localized.
Tiger Claw in chat says they tend to milk those movies by creating crappy direct to
DVD sequels.
Yep.
That's true.
Um, you know, there's a sequel to Donnie Darko that just came out too.
That was direct to video.
I haven't watched that yet.
I want to see it's been actually in writing and production for quite a while now and I
really want to see it.
Well, Jeff rented that and I was, you know, he wanted to watch it, but I was kinda like,
I don't remember the first one well enough.
I haven't seen the first one in like 10 years cause seriously, they're making a sequel to
a movie that's like 10 years old.
So I need to just go watch the first one.
Here's my copy right here.
Really?
Add the director's edition.
Yeah.
Right.
Donnie Darko is a fantastic movie.
And plus, you know, any movie that Drew Barrymore is going to produce and I love Drew Barrymore.
She would be like my secret girlfriend if I could.
Yeah.
So yeah.
Um, you know, I, uh, I don't know, I, I I'll go watch if it's really that good, like Jeff
can watch it for me and if it's really that good, I'll, he'll watch it again and I can
see it.
Right.
Yep.
All right.
Uh, let's see.
What if the ghost wanted some deep dish pizza, but I'm bummed.
I feel like slipping my wrist now I'm bleeding my pain on your face.
That was so Gothic and tragic.
Thank you.
Hey, um, something Nintendo might come after you and slit your wrist and make you a bleed
your pain on their face because Nintendo is pissed about these DS flashcards.
Uh, Loki was talking about it a little bit this week.
Well guess what eBay and Amazon both now have had to stop selling these DS flashcards.
Um, Nintendo is basically, I don't know what they did, but they basically convinced a eBay
and Amazon to stop selling them.
Quote Nintendo is pleased with the cooperation is received from both eBay and Amazon to prevent
the sales of game copying devices.
And that was from Nintendo's global head of anti piracy, Jody dot tree.
In an interview with MCV, um, eBay is actually pulling the auctions on this and Amazon got
a notice and take down and all this fun stuff.
So a good luck though, getting all those mom pause stores that still, still sell this,
but still puts a little dent in it and makes it a little bit harder to get.
If you are looking for these cartridges, um, Rini though, and chat says, flashcards are
a waste of money.
Hi there.
SD card slot on DSI.
Gold anthro admits the Amazon is where he got his are for.
I don't know.
I'm not into the hacking thing.
Like a lot of y'all are.
I don't, I don't really have the patience for that stuff.
So I don't really do it.
Um, but I know this is probably a loss to those that were looking forward to the home
brew.
If you are using it for piracy though, well then, you know, it's hard to feel a little
pity for you, but at least the home brew and all that, as far as all that goes, that is
kind of a bummer.
So, all right, anyhow, let's move on with some more news.
Well, in other news, we have, uh, some Sega stuff that makes me particularly happy.
Um, going to be coming out, um, for DS and Wii is Jambo Safari, actually.
Um, they are taking the old arcade title and, you know, making it pretty and more modern
looking and having more stuff happen, you know, to make people happy.
Um, there'll be customizable characters and vehicles and you can run a safari park and
help animals in need.
Uh, the DS version, of course, will work with the stylus and the Wii version will have a
lasso gameplay that uses the Wiimote and it's a, you can have a two player and four player
party version, so there will be more.
This is just proof that OLR has friends in high places somewhere, even though they're
not admitting who they are, seriously, who would have thought that Jambo fucking Safari
will get a remake.
This is the best news of the year so far, really.
I am so all about this game.
I just really hope it doesn't suck, but I don't know, Sega's got a pretty good track
record with the remakes.
I'm looking past Sonic because Sonics were like reinventions, but, uh, you know, Sega's
got a pretty good track record otherwise, so I'm really excited about Jambo Safari.
I don't know about you, DarkSakura, are you looking forward to this?
Yeah, pretty much, I like to play the game.
I still want my freaking Planet Harrier, do you hear me, Sega?
Whores.
I mean, I love you.
So I'm excited, I'm hoping that this announcement came out because this is one of the things
that's going to be playable at E3, do you think?
You think, you think, you think?
I hope.
I won't be there.
I know, but I will bring you-
I'm trying not to speculate on-
Maybe they'll have a Jambo keychain I can bring back for you, see?
There you go.
That'll be worthwhile.
Exactly, exactly.
Well, hey, we don't know much about Jambo Safari yet, hopefully a little more after
E3, but we do know about some of the games that are coming out this week.
Let's travel around the world and look at this week's release dates.
I'm going to start with the US, sadly Loki is not here to do US release dates, but I'll
fill in for him tonight.
On the Nintendo DS this week, Jake Hunter Detective Story, Memories of the Past, Johnny
Bravo, Datorama, a couple games with the preface of Crazy Chicken, including Star Carts, Pharaoh's
Treasure, Imagine Boutique Owner comes out this week as well, as well as Space Camp,
which I thought I remembered Loki reading a couple weeks ago, so I don't know if this
game was pushed back or what.
Sadly no, it is not based on the great 80s movie with the same name, so don't get your
hopes up.
On the personal trainer, Walking, also on the DS this week.
L.O.L.
What?
Learn How to Walk this week.
L.O.L.
What?
On the PC, Hinterland, Orc Lords, Age of Pirate 2, City of Abandoned Ships, Dragon
Sky, Sherlock Holmes vs Jack the Ripper, damnation is another game that comes out on the PC this
week.
Moving on to the consoles, one release on PS2 this week, it's Secret Agent Clank, and
on the Playstation 3 you also get Damnation, Infamous, Cross Edge, Trash Panic on the PSP
Crimson Gems Saga, and on the Wii, another version of Space Camp and the Munchables,
and on the Xbox 360, Damnation as well as Wallace and Gromit 2, Wallace and Gromit Episode
2, The Last Resort, which I believe is a Xbox Live game.
That is all that's coming out in the US this week, let's travel over to the UK, Dark Soccer.
For the UK on PS2 we have Secret Agent Clank.
On the 28th we have Inferno Pool and Saints Row 2 Corporate Warfare, and Trash Panic,
whatever that is, we have Artanelico, Two Melody of Metafalka, I guess, if I can, Falisa,
I guess?
I can't read it.
My brain doesn't work.
Is Trash Panic what my mother does when I leave a Coke can on the table because I forgot
to throw it away or what have you, or got lazy and just walked away?
That sounds like what it is.
Maybe.
Trash Panic.
Don't worry, mama will clean it.
On the 29th, Boom Blocks Bash Party, Brain Exercise with Dr. Kaleishima, and Fuel and
Virtua Tennis 2009, PDC World Championship Darts, and Valhalla Knights 2 on PSP.
Looking at the Japanese release dates on the Xbox 360 this week, Shin Sangoku Musou 5 Empires
comes out in both Japan and the general Asian regions.
This is Dynasty Warriors 6 Empires, basically, is what this is, your version of that.
Coming out in other places, I'm sorry, coming out on other consoles in the same place, Infamous
comes out in Asian regions, but it's not quite out in Japan this week.
However, Shin Sangoku Musou 5 comes out as well on the Playstation 3, and Agra Senki comes
out with a price reduction this week, down to $44.90.
Also a game called The Last Guy comes out from Sony computers themselves.
I am not sure, this is an action game, I'm not sure what this is a port of, but it looks
to be some type of shooter game, but what's kind of cool about it, it looks like it uses
Google Earth.
Like, seriously, doesn't the backgrounds here look like something you'd see in Google Earth?
Yeah, a bit.
That's kind of cool about it.
That's pretty cool.
Yeah.
So that comes out this week.
And looking on other consoles, going over to the Nintendo Wii, just one release this
week, Ogon no Kizuna comes out this week, which is not a game I've heard of.
It looks kind of similar to a Dynasty Warriors-ish type of game, but with a little more role-playing
elements mixed in, so check that out if you'd like.
On the Playstation 2, the Grand Theft Auto games get a price reduction this week, that's
something I look forward to in Japan.
On the Nintendo DS, Claymore, Gengan no Majo comes out this week, as well as Days of Memories
3 from SNK, Gaya Kukuten Kenji comes out as well, has a premium edition release as well
from Capcom, oh, you know what that is?
That's Ace Attorney Investigations, Miles Edgeworth.
You know what, Rob, I do have to say that your Japanese is improving greatly.
At least this show's been good for something, huh?
Yeah.
Also, on the Nintendo DS, one more release for you from Sega, Suzumiya Haruhi no Shokurietsu.
It's a melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya.
That's what it is.
It's maids, is what this looks to be.
No, it's their school club, and Haruhi actually has a really good time dressing up the really
pretty girl up in bunny suits and different things to get stuff done for their club.
Well, there you go, bunny suit, to your heart's content this week.
They're school girls.
Because Haruhi is God.
No, actually, she is.
That's the premise of the story, she's God.
Quickly looking at the PSP release dates, Ghost in the Shell, oh, these are all movies.
I don't see any games this week.
Bamboo Blade is the only game it looks to be this week, so check that out if you'd like.
There you go, that's it for Japanese release dates.
Let's go back into some gaming news and talk about some music that's been licensed for
an upcoming Q Entertainment game.
Kind of interesting about this, apparently, Tiesto and BT songs have been licensed for
this new game from Q Entertainment.
The game is called QJ, based on some, I guess some folks have been digging around some of
the licensing information sites, the songs that were licensed.
Love Comes Again from Tiesto.
So there you go.
I don't know much about this, but if it's Q Entertainment, then it's Mizuguchi, and
I love him.
There's very few games he's put out that I haven't liked, and I'm even counting 99 Nights.
I forgave that game's shortcomings, just because I'm a whore for Tetsuya Mizuguchi games.
So there you go.
More about this game, hopefully at E3, hopefully.
Fingers crossed.
Well, what we have for the PlayStation Network is we do have some updates.
We have some demos of Marvel vs. Capcom 2, Tiger Woods PGA Tour 10, Killzone 2, Bullet
4D Interactive AD, whatever, Red Faction, Guerrilla, Multiplayer, and Infamous, which
I sold a commercial for today.
I was like, dude, is this Comic Zone?
PS3 game content, Riddick Dark Athena Premium Multiplayer Pack.
We've got some more for Fear 2, Tom Clancy's Hawks, Pain, Modistore Pacific Rift, Little
Big Planet, a bunch of stuff for Little Big Planet.
Guitar Hero World Tour, the European track, Rock Band Alice Cooper Pack.
That's cool.
Rock Band Taking Back Sunday, and Kids Don't Follow by the Replacements.
For PSP games, we have Fading Shadows and Creatures Raised in Space.
Creatures Raised in Space?
Amazing.
I actually logged into Home this week.
That's one other game, quote unquote, I played.
Boy, that, Home is really expanding.
Say what you will about, you know, whether Home is a game or any fun, all with quotes,
but they're sure pouring a lot of expansions into it, which I guess is kind of cool.
It seems like you have a lot of new stuff to explore if you haven't used it in a while.
So props to them for that.
Like there's a new like area that you can go to where I guess they're going to do like
announcements inside Home.
Like there's a big giant screen in there, but it has like this weird jungle theme to
it.
I don't know.
I thought it was kind of interesting.
So we'll see.
Before I get to the next story, this chat comment made me lol.
Renee asks, Sky, here's a question.
Is Cooking Mama a MILF?
Please answer very important.
Is Cooking Mama a MILF?
Lord, no.
Yeah.
I unfortunately would have to say no.
She's too prudish.
That's why she's in the kitchen.
She's always in the kitchen and never in the bedroom.
Here you go, ba-dum-bum.
Moving on with some more news, talking about Sony and, well, it looks like Sony is going
to be threatening to sue companies that are publishing images of the PS3.
Remember we were talking about this last week?
We had some images leak out of the new PS3.
Well, apparently, Sony has been demanding that these companies stop doing this.
I know this all started from, I guess, their Taiwanese branch or something.
But dude, when you've threatened to sue, doesn't it kind of prove that the story is true?
That was my first thought, is like, well, way to give it away, right?
I mean, otherwise, wouldn't they just release that good old-fashioned line of, oh, Sony
will not comment on rumors and speculation at this time.
Look for our E3 speech.
But if you stick the lawyers on them, doesn't it kind of prove it to be true?
Maybe I'm crazy.
Well, how about some, I guess, happier news?
We are actually going to be getting some PlayStation 1 classic games for the PS1 Classic Store.
We have been getting information from the ESRB because you know how they love sleek
stuff and five games are supposed to be coming to the online service.
We have, among them, Resident Evil Director's Cut and Metal Gear Solid.
Also among those rated is Special Ops Covert Assault and Ranger Elite and Tom Clancy's
Rainbow Six.
So that's pretty cool.
But dude, Metal freaking Gear and Resident Evil Director's Cut, I will have to go along
with all the bad voice acting because I can quote that game, you know.
What is it?
I hope this is not Chris's blood.
Maybe the hidden porn chat will be kind of embedded in the game somewhere.
Who knows?
Because remember that?
There's YouTube out there where they mix and match all the dialogue into something disgusting.
You know what that was?
I'm going to tell you this because I know how you can do it.
There was a file reader that let you read the audio and video files off of PlayStation
games, because I don't know if you remember, back in the day, the first MP3s out for Bus
to Move 2.
Sorry, I did those.
You know, on my old website, I was the first person that I saw that I noticed that had
them online right after the game came out.
But there's a little reader program that you can get to pull, to rip the files off and
then just record them, you know, convert them to WAV or whatever and record them or whatever.
So that's actually how they pulled this off.
That's also how they got the thing about Maria in Castlevania, where an ending they didn't
put into the game of her actually being taken over by the succubus.
So you can find out it was a lot easier to find stuff on the old readers.
Apparently it sounds like that way.
So what does somebody just kind of dump all the dialogue and then edit it together?
I mean, that's pretty impressive, but you could also kind of like, you could dump the
audio like we used to do this, like to get some of the DDR songs off the home versions
of the game.
That was only when they were mixing audio.
Right, but no, I'm saying after that, we used to rip them by hooking them through the mixing
board.
I'm surprised people didn't do that.
Yeah, there was, you could still also pull them off doing the, was it, it wasn't RA,
it was like SX or SA reader or something?
I don't remember.
But yeah, I used to do that back in the day.
This was really easy to do those.
Hmm.
All right, well, apparently there's a lot of rumbling going on about what's going on
at E3 and possibly a new version of Metal Gear Solid apparently being rumored right
now.
And a lot of this has to do with the teaser graphic that showed up on the Kojima Productions
website.
Apparently what's going on is that something is being listed in next week's Famitsu that
the PSP and the PS3 apparently is indicating a new Metal Gear is going to be coming out.
Now, is that Metal Gear Solid 5 or some other type of Metal Gear game in the same vein?
Who knows?
But some rumors about the teaser graphic is that the outline was actually showing a 5.
I'm actually kind of surprised.
I saw that too.
Yeah, I'm surprised if this is Metal Gear Solid 5 because it seems kind of soon.
Is it just me or does it seem like 4 hasn't really been out long enough?
Am I crazy?
I don't know.
But you know, between the magazine, Famitsu magazine, E3 coming up next week with this
countdown seems to be pointing to, and all this, I mean, if there's a time to make a
big announcement, I suppose this will be it.
But you know, I don't know, it just seems too soon for Metal Gear Solid 5.
Another type of Metal Gear Solid game?
Like a new online one or, you know, I don't know, even heck, a new acid game is just coming
to PSP as well?
I don't know.
Is there anything you're hoping it is, Dark Sakura?
I don't know.
Do you think, is it just me or does it seem too soon for 5?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Because you know how while the market is, you know, struck while the iron's hot, pretty
much?
I really don't want to put any speculation on it.
I really don't.
Because I build myself way too much up to be too excited about something.
I want to wait for something a little bit more concrete before I make my judgment.
Comment from your chat room, chat.orangelandraday.com.
ActDeaf says, the countdown is a countdown for a countdown for a countdown for a countdown.
Yeah, I'm getting kind of sick of that crap too.
You know what I mean?
Just announce it.
Announce it or don't.
One countdown to a big announcement might be okay.
But counting down to another countdown is stupid.
Very stupid.
One Night Stands in Chat says, was the 5 outline a definite 5 or could it have been an S?
Very good comment.
Some people are speculating it might have been an S. So maybe it's a new like Metal
Gear Solid S type game or something.
Let me look at it for a second.
It was kind of like, well it's one of those like fonts where it's very like pixelated.
So it could be a 5 or an S. Very easy.
Let me have a look if it loads.
It's not loading.
My computer is being a butthole.
Trust me.
It could be either one.
Let's see.
Other comments, Alpha Cananagram in Chat says, it's just an announcement.
Which is true.
It's only an announcement.
It's not something we should get too excited about.
So there you go.
Well how about something that might be worth getting excited about.
I mean if you don't have iTunes or an iPhone I guess.
PSP and maybe having a music download service.
Sony's been thinking about it.
They released a survey in January to check for consumer interest.
So it seems that they are considering on having other recording companies work with them.
And Sony, they have their own music division.
But they're just thinking about it right now.
So they might have a digital music download but maybe not.
It might happen.
They're thinking about it.
They're sending their little slimy tentacles out to feel for it.
I'm kind of surprised it's one of those things they haven't been thinking about for quite
some time.
You know what I mean?
Like I don't know.
A lot of, again I use the whole college kid thing.
Who do PSP's sell best to?
College kids.
To replace iPods because they do everything else like games and the internet and all this.
So it kind of seems like one of those things that I'm surprised they didn't do this a long
freaking time ago.
Especially when you consider the fact, what else does Sony have?
A big music label, right?
So why is this taking so long?
Sony's got a big, they're big stinky tentacle fingers in the music industry so why not?
I just think though that they tend to behave a bit conservatively when they don't need
to.
Have you noticed that?
Eh, I guess a little bit.
They'll venture out into something that they think is innovative and new but with something
that they see as tried and true.
They're like, ehhh, I don't wanna.
They're doing it.
I don't wanna.
Alpha Canonogram in chat says, Sky they did, it was called Connect, the ATRAC Atorac 3
store which closed down.
They were planning on doing it.
Hmm, interesting.
I don't remember that.
Was that something for just the PSP specifically?
Or was that something to, you know, there were like a million people that were gonna
launch something to compete with iTunes and very few of them succeeded.
I mean you could say that Napster somewhat succeeded because it's a different business
model.
I think the biggest competition for iTunes has probably been, what, Amazon.com maybe?
But I mean, what else is out there that's successfully competed with iTunes?
And when I say successfully, carries a market share even one tenth the size of what Apple
has.
No.
No one.
It's practically a monopoly on Apple's part.
Yeah, so and that's what they're kind of saying there in chat.
So is this something new that maybe is trying to launch and Alpha Canonogram confirms Connect
with Sony's iTunes.
Okay, well a million people tried to launch something to compete with iTunes and they
all failed because none of them stood out.
It was too much competition amongst each other and iTunes already had the, you know, they
had the player to go with the store.
But also, oh I want to read this comment from Marissa Congusto in chat.
Yes, that's right, it's Marissa.
My dad thought he was doing me a big favor getting me a mini disc player instead of an
iPod ages ago, facepalm.
That's alright.
I feel your pain.
I want a mini disc player.
I have an HD DVD player.
I actually want a mini disc player pretty badly, they do some good things with mini
discs.
Really?
It's still, I think somewhat supported in Japan.
Huh.
Weird.
But you know, it's another example where Sony's tried to go, huh, we're going to do all this
new stuff.
I mean, Betamax, Betamax was better, mini disc was great, but the first thing that they've
done in a long time that really caught on, I think like that was Blu-ray.
One Night Stands in Chat asks, wasn't Zune a competitor for iTunes?
Zune was a competitor for the iPod, and certainly Microsoft launched their own store to go with
it, but it didn't really go, you know, one could argue with me whether it was successful
or not, but I think it's pretty clear iTunes has by far the most dominant share.
You know what I mean?
Like it hasn't really put a blip on the radar of what iTunes has.
So whether they're still supporting that whole Microsoft marketplace or what, I don't know.
But we'll see.
Well how about some happy, happy, happy news?
Just a moment, let me talk about this PSP rental service here real quick.
There was a PSP survey that was hinting that a rental service might be on its way to the
PSP, which is kind of interesting because we know that the PSP, you know, there's this
new PSP coming out that nobody's confirming, but we all know it's probably happening, it's
going to be announced at E3 this year, that's a discless PSP.
It's kind of interesting, one thing they're thinking about doing is a rental service,
and this is something that I guess was hinted at by a survey that came out recently that
Sony's doing to market to see the potential for a rental service.
Wouldn't that be interesting?
I don't think we've ever seen anything like this in the years of video gaming, where instead
of a company boo-hooing and yelling and bitching and screaming about blockbusters and Hollywood
videos and places that rent video games and how they chip into game sales, a company deciding
to, well hell, we'll do game rentals of our own.
If you can't beat them, join them, and we'll compete with them directly.
Very interesting, if this actually happens, that could be kind of interesting, I mean
why not?
Apple has proved that it can happen with the movies on iTunes, why not rent games through
a similar service?
This could be big if it's true, you know, it's all kind of a big grain of salt right
now because a survey isn't the official word, but it could be very interesting.
Well, it could be.
Alright, that's all I had.
Well, I did have my happy news.
Sure!
It has been confirmed!
We are getting Tatsunoko vs Capcom in the US.
The Nintendo power scan was true, and Capcom said on their Twitter that Tatsunoko vs Capcom
is being localized for a US release, well US, Canada, North America, whatever.
And the quote says, Cat is officially out of the bag on Capcom Mystery Game number 1
and linked to the scan.
And then there was also one made by Capcom Unity on their blog.
But there's one more mystery game they should be having at E3, so I hope it doesn't suck.
That Arinean chat is yelling out with online and bug fixes, god I hope that's true.
Why not, especially if it's true they have to cut back a few characters, well then hell,
let's make it better!
But the characters that were listed on there aren't even in the damn game anyway.
Oh, oh yeah, we had some back and forth last week on whether those characters were really
going to be there or not.
The only gachamon characters that were in the game is Ken and June.
Joe wasn't in it.
If Joe was in it, I'd be screaming, because I'd want him in the release.
Arinean chat says, Sky mystery game number 2 is Mega Man Legends 3 on Wii.
God I hope you're, if you're lying to me, so help me god, that would be amazing though
if that's the mystery game.
I would love that.
But it seems like it's all speculation to me.
We'll see.
By the way, we were talking about the Zune earlier, and we actually have some news about
the Zune, including some leaked images of what is supposed to be the Zune X, which I
guess you could think of as, you know, Microsoft's little competitor to the iPhone.
We talked about this a little bit last week.
Apparently yeah, some new images have come out, and I guess the best way I could describe
this, since this is radio and I can't really show you the images, is it looks kind of like
a scaled down PSP.
Very rectangular in shape though, not that round shape, and you definitely have the four
buttons there on the side.
It's just four buttons and a crosshair, and it looks like what's, I'm sorry, the cross
pad, and definitely what looks to be some shoulder buttons.
I don't know though, kind of take this with a grain of salt, but if some of this is to
be believed, then this could be pretty cool.
Again, this is supposed to have a micro SD slot, SIM card tray, support for Bluetooth
headphones in it, some optical digital output in there as well.
Apparently it will actually work with Zune X originals, Xbox Live and on live ready game
streaming.
There'll be a 32 gigabyte flash drive, and the battery is built in and rechargeable.
And it will bake scones.
It just well might.
And run Linux.
So we'll see.
Maybe there will be more info about this at E3.
I dare whoever gets one of these to put Linux on it.
That'll make me go squee for a little bit.
Well, this is something that probably won't make people squee, although to be completely
honest, I don't think anyone will really freaking give a damn.
Watchmen The End is Nigh, the second episode of it is not coming out for PC, and sad trombone
I guess.
It will come out on Xbox 360 and PS3, but of course it's also going to be selling like
a special edition that has this and the first episode on it.
Warner is doing the Watchmen The End is Nigh Complete Experience.
It has the PS3 versions and the director's cut of the film on Blu-ray.
So maybe that'll be worth buying, because the movie was freaking good, but meh, the
rest of it, meh, who cares?
I can fart better games.
Well, somebody out there might care, you don't know.
Maybe.
Question in the chat room that I kind of like, and this is a very unpronounceable name and
I'm sorry, but rlbx327 asks, how would the new PSP work if a person does not have an
internet connection?
How would that work?
That's a great question, one that we'd all like to know the answer to as well, I'm hoping
we'll get some results at E3.
I don't know if maybe you can take it into a game store and buy things that way, but
I guess the assumption is everybody has an internet connection at this point.
It's like the DS download stations, could be something similar?
I guess.
I mean, there's definitely ways around it, but I think they just assume everybody has
an internet connection, and even dial up if you have to, but who has dial up anymore?
I guess, well I shouldn't say that, because there'll be somebody that sends me a message.
Me, I have dial up, my parents have dial up, but geez, my iPod 3G's faster than their internet
at home on dial up, but I guess some areas still aren't wired for broadband, but I guess
you could still use a PSP Go on dial up, but maybe Sony is only marketing to those people
that have internet connections.
I mean, let's face it, a vast portion of the population has an internet connection that's
fast.
If every one of them bought a PSP Go, they would do very well, so why bother catering
to those that don't have an internet connection, right?
Yeah, well, this is the modern world, everyone's supposed to be connected.
Super X-Link in chat has an interesting comment, go to a free Wi-Fi spot.
Remember when, I think it was Nintendo did that at all the McDonalds, the McDonalds or
something like that?
I don't remember, so, anyhow, some more stories involving Capcom, actually, and talking about
E3.
Apparently, it is going around that Capcom of Japan is apparently going to be pulling
out of E3.
Now, this doesn't mean that Capcom is not going to have a booth or anything like that,
it just means that the international travel looks to be pulling out of E3.
This is due to concern over, guess what, swine flu.
That's right, apparently the Japanese branch of the company, they are not committing fully
to attending the E3, they are still contemplating what to do about the swine flu outbreak that's
going on in Keihanshin, which is where Capcom's main office is in Japan.
Very interesting, and what they're already saying is that because of this, Dead Rising
2 is not going to be showing up at E3.
Capcom has confirmed that Dead Rising 2 is not going to be there at E3.
And this has to do with Japanese government restrictions and the advisory in Japan right
now.
By the way, doesn't just end there, Square, Koei, also not attending E3 from their Japanese
branches because of, apparently, swine flu concerns.
A quote from an article on gamepolitics.com, quote, Square Enix has canceled plans for
its Kingdom Hearts team to attend the show, whilst Koei has confirmed that an unspecified
number of its Japanese employees will not be traveling to the event.
That's sad face.
Very, very sad.
And also incredibly freaking stupid.
It is incredibly stupid to still be concerned about the swine flu, my god.
How many people contracted swine flu, like what, 800?
How many people died?
10?
Yeah, maybe 10 at most, but there was a couple, granted there was a couple thousand that got
swine flu, but how many people get regular flu?
All the time!
Fucking shit.
This is a mass hysteria pandemic thing to sell flu masks and get people to think about
something other than the war or something, you know?
It's just stupid.
It's fabricated.
It's fabricated.
There's been outbreaks of swine flu before, and it did just about as much damage.
The only reason it did more damage is because we had less medical technology to deal with
it.
Seriously.
I'm just, ugh.
So the fact that stupid swine flu or H1N1 or whatever the fuck you want to call it is
ruining E3.
Fuck people.
I say we dedicate the FUs of the week to this.
My FU of the week goes to just those stupid people who are willing to believe any and
everything that they see on TV, on the internet, you gullible, gullible fucking sheep.
I hope you get swine flu.
Just get it.
I hope you get swine flu of the colon and can do nothing but shit viruses or something.
That's what I wish.
I love you stupid people.
Wow.
Swine.
And also I want Dick Cheney to shut up.
And I just want, I just want people to shut up.
I want people to just shut up.
Stop it.
Knock it the fuck off.
Knock it the fuck off.
Swine flu.
YouTube.
No, I'm kidding.
No, seriously.
I just want people to think for themselves, to think intelligently.
And really I want all of those networks, especially Fox news, may they burn in hell forever.
I want, I want them to, I want real news on my TV.
I want real news.
I want what's actually going on in the world.
I want to know what's going on outside of America.
Do you hear me CNN?
That's why BBC news, BBC America's news owns yours completely and utterly.
Sorry.
It just does.
And I like CNN.
I like CNN much better than Fox news because Fox news is the, the shit that rats shit.
Okay.
It's like the, the feces of slugs and I hate slugs.
You know, you get more accuracy.
You should have a political talk show.
I have a blog whenever I post on it, but I mean, seriously, it's like, I think it's completely
sad to find out anything that's actually going on in America and in the world.
I have to go to BBC.
It should be CNN or one of the good networks reporting our shit properly.
So a big, big finger to our American media, a big finger to the gullible people who believe
it.
You know, I have a, I have a magnet on my door of my refrigerator that says, um, bless
them to the effect of respect people that seek the truth, doubt those who find it.
Wow.
Can I talk now?
Yeah.
Uh, I actually don't have a lot, so that's fine.
You went a little long.
Does not really have anything.
My FU goes to drama.
I just, I'm sick of it and I choose not to be around it, so whatever.
I got better things to do.
That's right.
Better things.
That's it for the FUs of the week.
How about something a little more pleasant, uh, even though this might drive us to some
FUs too.
Apparently our mailbag is quite thin this week and that's very sad.
Uh, mailbag orange laundry.com is the place to send your emails and one of the only dark
soccer will read them as she'll do right now.
What?
We have like one, two, maybe one actually that came in while we were broadcasting cheeseburger.
All right.
Hey guys, I'm curious about your opinions on the new Star Trek movie.
I've seen it three times in a theater.
I'm 15 and I'm obsessed with Star Wars, but I never really saw anything in Star Trek.
I saw the movie two weeks ago with no expectations because I've never experienced anything Star
Trek before.
I was blown away and it was the first movie I had ever gone to where everyone clapped
at the end.
Actually, all three times I saw that people clapped.
Um, I knew I wanted to see it again as I was leaving the theater, which I did yesterday
and plan to again next week.
I plan on buying the old shows and movies on eBay to catch up on some of the older stuff.
I have researched some stuff about the movie and I'd like to say, uh, red shirt guy dies
if you know what that means.
You're awesome.
If you don't go look it up, it's not really a spoiler, just something they threw in from
the old series.
Dude.
I will give you the rule right now.
If you're wearing a red shirt and no one knows who you are, you are going to die.
You know, next generation is yellow, but security officers die.
Red shirt.
In fact, they sell on ThinkGeek a red, a red ringer t-shirt that says expendable on it
in the Star Trek font.
Nice.
Um, I will go ahead and say something and I've said this before.
I was not a Trekkie originally.
I was a Whovian.
I grew up watching Doctor Who on PBS and not watching Star Trek.
Although I've seen a number of the original episodes and almost all of next generation
and maybe a smattering here of DS9 and, uh, you know, Voyager.
And I watched three episodes of Enterprise and decided it was shit, but there are references
to all the other series all throughout the movie.
Like, um, I was just saying, you know, like the scene where they go into, you know, the,
the Delta Vega, you know, place and there's a Tribble just sitting there going, hi, I'm
a Tribble and you know, it's, I actually, you know, I purchased something recently that
was like the best four episodes of Star Trek ever, the original series, and they're great
episodes.
And I want to say, if you want to get a feel for the original series that will give you
a decent smattering of what to expect, just get this.
It's four episodes and among them are, um, the, one of them is, uh, Trouble with Tribbles,
which is supposed to be like the big favorite and I love that episode.
And also, um, it's just fantastic, but yeah, go, go get some of those little samples first,
see how you feel about it.
Um, I like next generation going back and watching a bunch of it though, you're going
to find it really dated.
The old stuff will hold up because you expect it to be old, but next generation we're talking
about when I was, you know, early high school, which next generation now, believe it or not,
is getting to be 20 years old.
Yeah.
Like, Oh boy.
But, um, DS9, you know, I didn't watch much of it.
I'm actually going to be going back and watching a bunch of it just because from what I understand
is probably the best of the series.
Um, Voyager has its ups and downs.
I've seen crap episodes.
I've seen great episodes and yeah, I'm sorry, Jerry Ryan is hot.
Um, but Enterprise is like, I keep expecting Scott Bakula to jump.
I'm sorry to leap.
Cause he was, you know, from Quantum Leap.
I do want to remind though, Jerry Ryan didn't show up till season four.
I know.
That's right.
Um, by the way, Star Trek, me personally loved it.
Loved the movie.
Thought it was great.
It was, um, you know, it definitely kind of JJ Abrams definitely said, I am fucking turning
this car around right the fuck now and taking it a new direction, but it needed it.
It needed it.
I hope we get a new series out of it.
I mean, even if the series isn't related to the movie, I hope it invigorates interest
in Star Trek enough that we do get the Uber nerdy series in the Voyager next generation
deep space nine cannon.
Like, I want to see a new show like that.
That's not enterprise.
I actually, I'll tell you what they've confirmed, um, uh, writing on the sequel now and got
the whole cast.
And I'm, don't get me wrong.
I'm, I'm thrilled about that too, but where's my weekly dose.
You know, I want to see that too.
That would be very exciting.
I don't think I could watch the movie a million times in the theater.
Like dark soccer does.
Maybe I'd see it one more time, but, uh, I'll just buy it on Blu-ray when it comes out.
I think I might do what, uh, dark soccer is suggesting though and get the, uh, uh, episodes
sampling.
Cause you're right.
I saw those on, uh, what I'm done with it.
I have the one with the four episodes on it.
I also want to, I really want the next generation movies on Blu-ray.
No disrespect to the old movies, but I really want the next generation ones.
Cause I went and saw every single one of those in the theater, but I always loved the next
generation.
Who is your favorite character in all of Star Trek?
Well, I have to do it by, by season.
Sorry.
So original season, um, well in the movie, I'm going to say right now, Scotty, cause
I'm sorry.
I love Simon Pegg between him and Carl Urban.
I'm sorry that that made the movie for me.
His, Carl Urban's McCoy was perfect and oh my God, ah, Southern guy, he just did the
accent and everything.
Just right.
It made me really happy.
But, but Simon Pegg as Scotty was just like, actually he was probably my favorite in the
original series too.
Yeah.
Next generation.
It depends.
Cause as a kid, I was that age, I was a Wesley fangirl, but getting older, it's all about
Q. All about Q. I love Q. I love every bit of Q. So I actually have to say Q for Voyager
as well since we've had Q and I think that the seven and the doctor are funny together.
Yeah.
The doctor was probably my favorite in Voyager.
For DS9, I'd actually have to say, um, Judzia or, um, Worf.
I really liked Odo though.
My favorite was Guinan.
Guinan will always be my favorite.
I know.
I love Whoopi.
What can I say?
All right.
We're, we're being way too, this is a video game show, but I will say this, the fact that
Star Trek is being made into this MMO, please don't suck.
Please don't suck.
I'm still making the race the O.L.O.R.I.E.N.D. Please, if there's God out there, do not let
this game suck because right now, Star Trek is riding such a high, high wave and there
is so much potential, but at the same time, there is so much they could fuck up beyond
all belief.
And I am praying that this game doesn't suck because I will be leaving all my other MMOs
to play it.
I have to quote Game Guru on this cause honestly, I fully agree with this.
Carl Urbans McCoy makes me wonder if reincarnation exists.
Yes.
All right.
Uh, that's it for the mailbag.
If you want to send us some emails, mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
Hey guys, your calls soon.
Uh, but first we have a little bit of gaming news for you guys and of course the classic
game of the week.
We haven't forgot that yet, but, uh, one more news story for you guys has to do with Forza
Motorsport 3.
I think y'all know it's coming.
Y'all know it had to happen and sure enough, the German retail version of amazon.com called
amazon.de has listed Forza Motorsport 3, Prima's official game guide out on September 30th.
Whoops.
Looks like that spilled the beans that Forza Motorsport 3 is coming.
Uh, so that means that game is probably coming out around October.
The guides usually come out a little bit before the games to help raise hype.
Uh, it sounds like the game should come out in Europe in October, which probably is going
to be a worldwide, worldwide release kind of thing.
Um, granted it could always be a bug, take it with a grain of salt, but, uh, yep.
There you go.
Forza Motorsport 3 is coming at some point.
Um, comments and chat.
Why didn't you read my email?
Because you sent it too late.
Yep.
We'll read it next week.
All right.
Maybe.
Maybe.
We'll, uh, go to the email or go to, not the emails, we already went to the emails.
We'll go to the Classic Game of the Week now.
Every week here on Orange Lounge Radio, Dark Soccer likes to dig through the archives and
find a game she thinks y'all ought to be playing.
So here it is.
Classic Game of the Week.
Classic Game of the Week is beer pong.
Awesome.
I'm kidding.
It's actually DuckTales.
Woo.
Woo.
Yeah.
Yay.
It's about damn time I picked this one.
I didn't actually put in a gameplay one up because I wanted the music, best music in
the game.
So anyway, it is, of course, based off of the Disney TV show, and it came out of Nintendo
in 1989.
And so you basically go around as Scrooge McDuck, who is going around to collect treasures
all over the world and the moon.
It came out on Game Boy, and it has nothing to do with DuckTales and Quest for Gold.
So basically, this is really one of the top Capcom games for the Nintendo.
It actually had Tokoru Fujiwara and Yuki-chan's Pop-Up.
You gotta read the credits on some of the old Capcom games.
I love it.
It was really tight to play if you used a Scrooge's cane as a weapon and a poco stick
and was non-linear.
So basically, you're going around and you're helping NPCs and whacking enemies with a cane
and telling them to get off your lawn or whatever.
And you can actually play any of the levels in order.
Like I said, non-linear.
You have a boss you have to fight at the end of each level, two hidden treasures, there's
a golden ring in the African mines and a golden mirror in the moon level.
And after you've done all that, you go to Transylvania for some reason to do boss fights.
So you can keep going back and unlock different parts of the levels and do different stuff.
So you've got basically your DuckTales characters, you have Scrooge, you have Kiwi, Dewi, and
Lily, Webby, Gizmo, Duck, Launchpad, Maquack, Gyro Gearloose, Ms. Beakley, Bubba, Magica
Dispel, who is in Transylvania, Flintheart, Glomgold, and the Beagle Boys.
And then you also have an alternate ending in the NES version, where if you finish the
game with ten million dollars and have both of the hidden treasures, then you will have
the news article come up with Scrooge winning, but he has a crown on his head, and a paper
stating that he has stunned the world with his discovery of two lost treasures.
So that's pretty cool.
So yeah, it was by Capcom.
There was actually a beta version that was out too, and actually we were releasing the
Consumer's Guide hot tip for Coolest Nintendo's game.
They had different levels, there was the Jungle, Ghost House, Underground, Snow Mountain, and
Moon Surface.
Hamburgers were your power-ups instead of ice cream.
The coffins in the Ghost House had crosses on them instead of R.E.P., although if you
look in the NES Atlas, there are pictures of the original.
The Moon music had a slower tempo music, and I've actually heard it, it's actually pretty
good.
The Ghost House had a different music track, and Gizmo Duck went by Roboduck.
In the French version, it was called La Bande a Pichot, so it's the same DuckTales thing.
And there was, the Famicom version was called Wanpaku Daku Yume Boken, which is Naughty Duck's
Dream Adventure, and it didn't have all the censorship.
So there was a DuckTales 2 game, it was not as popular.
So it really though is, and by the way Yuki-chan's papa is Yoshihiro Sakaguchi, so gay, and it's
really one of the classic classic classics, and like I had to play the Moon level music
first, that is the identifiable stage, you play the beginning of that, and anyone who
knows their gaming history will be able to point that right out, so yeah.
Alright, maybe that'll be a Capcom surprise announcement.
They have a secondary surprise announcement, they're supposed to make it E3, right?
How about DuckTales 3 on the Wii?
That's the sound you would hear across the world, fanboys shitting their pants.
That's right.
You know, also though, just to say, you know, if we want to even look at any more of Yoshihiro
Sakaguchi's games, we have 1943, well 1943 Kai, we have Final Fight, Legendary Wings,
Forgotten Worlds, Mega Man, Mega Man 2, we have Street Fighter, Street Fighter 2, did
sound design, Warriors of Fate, so pretty cool.
Very cool.
One Night Stands asks, hey Dark Soccer, exactly why was this such a great game?
I loved it as a kid, but it plays like a lot of other platformers.
It just really, it's all of the elements combined, really, when you look at everything together,
it's all those pieces.
Yeah, I mean, yeah, there were a lot of platformers on the NES, but I think you had so many things
falling into place on this one.
You had a pretty good game, which is very important, you had a great license.
You could go back and do your favorite levels as much as you wanted to.
Right?
You know, it was kind of like that Mega Man mixed with, I don't know, Mario-style platformer,
and great music.
I mean, just everything kind of fell into place with this game.
I think one other reason, think about all the crap movie and cartoon and TV show tie-in
games you have.
God, I know, right?
DuckTales breaks that mold, and I think for one, that might be one reason why people love
it so much, is that DuckTales was actually a pretty enjoyable game at the time it came
out.
I really think so.
That would be my best answer.
I really agree with that.
That, Rob, dear friend, is a proper assessment.
All right, thank you.
See, sometimes I say some good things on this program.
It doesn't happen very often, but there you go.
Tiger Claw says, I think what sets DuckTales apart from other platformers is the game mechanic
involving Scrooge's cane.
That's true, too.
You know, what other game really had that new mechanic of using the cane to kind of
knock things around and brought things into puzzles in a different way?
But yeah, I mean, it's certainly a fair question to ask.
If you have more questions you want to ask us, our Skype line is open right now, 1-877-GAME-OLR,
or our username on Skype is OrangeLawnsRadio, you can call right now and give us a call.
In the meantime, I'm going to ask if there's any last minute stories.
I don't have anything.
I don't think Dark Soccer would have anything.
Actually, you never know.
Oh, gosh.
All right, let's go to the phones.
We got a call.
Hi, you're on OrangeLawnsRadio.
Shut that thing up.
Hi, you're on OrangeLawnsRadio.
Who's this?
Hi, this is Stephanie.
Hi, this is Spazinator.
Hi, Spazinator.
What's on your mind tonight?
Not much.
I was going to join the IRC chat, but unfortunately it won't work on my PlayStation 3.
If you heard the Taylor and Bobby show, I was asking about possibly buying an arcade
machine.
What I'm specifically looking for is a classic game anywhere from the 80s up until the mid-90s.
Let me ask you, are you looking to buy a specific game?
You want an actual authentic, this might have sat in a pizzeria back in the 80s type of
game.
Or you want something, you know, you want something that will play all these games.
You want like a main cabinet or you, I guess my question is, are you looking to collect
or are you just looking to play?
Um, I collect, uh, like the alphemics and singing, maybe the mayor's team and a pizzeria.
I would go eBay, honestly.
eBay or flea markets.
Or even like Craigslist.
DeNio's here in the Brisbane Sacramento area, they sell old arcade cabinets.
You can even check, um, some of the entertainment companies that rent out the games and ask
if they're putting anything for sale, eBay, Craigslist, Amazon, we've come to them that
way.
And I know this might sound, I know this might sound really cruel, but in this economy you
have a lot of places going under, um, especially like arcades and some pizzerias.
These places might be unloading their stuff.
So look for, you know, listings on Craigslist and so on, but you'd be surprised.
eBay is a great place to start.
Um, but here's one thing you want to keep in mind, Spaznator, shipping is going to be
a arm and a leg for a lot of these games.
You might see some really cheap listings, like, you know, a $200 arcade machine.
But at that, and if I remember right, you're in upstate New York.
So if you buy a game from the West coast, you know, you're going to have to pay an arm
and a leg in shipping fees.
So you probably want to stick to things.
I mean, you could certainly find your widest selection there on eBay, but you would definitely
want to stick to things like Craigslist and things that are going to be a little more
local in your areas that you don't have to pay that obscene shipping fee.
You have the perk of having New York city, not too, too far away.
If you're especially willing to drive and pick something up with a pickup truck, you
can probably get some good deals.
Yeah.
The thing is I never drove a day in my life.
I never bothered to get my license.
And I don't think, well, I don't have any relatives that really live in the area that
have a driver's license and have enough, you know, free time on their hands that would
be willing to, you know, essentially take me out to wherever, you know, to pick up arcade
gatherings and drive me back to my place.
Well that's fair.
I mean, if you don't have a license yourself, it's going to be kind of harder to get around
and stuff.
So you may have to just, you know, you may have to fork over those shipping fees, but
just be prepared.
There's going to be shipping fees and sometimes they're as much as the games are themselves
because you're talking about, you know, sending a gigantic cabinet, which basically has to
go on the back of a truck.
You know, you are going to be spending a couple hundred dollars on shipping.
So that's something you got to prepare yourself for when shopping, but if you can afford it,
if that's within your budget, go for it.
Yeah.
Well, you know, if I do decide to go forward with this and get one, it'll probably be probably
a few months before I get it, but, you know, I kind of figured, you know, it just would
probably go hand in hand with, you know, my councils, you know, it would be a nice conversation
for you to talk about and not only that, but, you know, I kind of miss, you know, the whole
arcade experience that I used to have when I was, you know, a little kid, you know, going
to the pizzerias and playing games.
And let me ask you a question actually, Spaznator, since you're about to drop hundreds of dollars
possibly on buying one of these machines for the nostalgia, you know, if you're going for
the collector's route, you're going to get one game.
It's not going to be a main cabin or something like that, that you can fix, switch between
the different games.
You're going to get one game.
And I know there's people that would spend a lot of money to have one game.
Like I myself, I don't know that, well, I don't know, I'd have to think about it, but
there's certainly some games I would, I would buy.
And you know, I see in chat right now, for instance, Brad and from Pod Culture says,
I would kill for a classic Star Wars arcade machine.
What machine do you think you're going to drop the money on?
Um, well, I have like, uh, uh, top five first left, uh, you, uh, it would be like, uh, wall
of combat two, uh, super street fighter two turbo.
Um, and then of course, uh, killer, uh, killer instance two.
And uh, you know, then, uh, like the, you know, Neo Geo MBS, the four swap one.
Now that, you know what, look into that.
That sounds like it might be a great option for you as those Neo Geo cabinets, because
of the fact you can fit like four games in there and that way you get that classic collectible
thing mixed in with, uh, Hey, I have more than just one game in here.
That might be a good thing to look into, but the good news is with those fighting games,
they made so many of them, especially street fighter twos.
I'm sure you wouldn't have a hard time finding one at all.
Finding a working one might be more of a challenge, but you never know people.
I mean, there's people that fix that shit up as a hobby.
So you might be, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I kind of figured with the, at least with the fighting games, it's, uh, at least joysticks
on them.
Those two stars are going to be kind of beating out the joysticks themselves will probably
beat these off.
Yep.
All right.
Well, a spasinator, we're going to let you go, but good luck in your quest.
Okay.
All right.
Thank you very much.
No problem.
Let us know when you get one.
Okay.
Goodbye.
Wow.
That was kind of a funny goodbye message there.
Uh, this kind of caused some, uh, my question to spasinator kind of caused this, uh, snowball
and chat talking about what games, uh, they would pay money for an S2 100.
Matt wanted to throw out there.
I would tell him to look for arcades that are closing down.
Um, some other comments in chat, I want to say real quick, uh, one night stands said
he would pay the money for X-Men arcade.
Renee says, prop cycle, the poor man's DDR.
Vid power says Simpsons arcade.
Um, and let's see what else is there.
Uh, captain.
Yes.
Said I would kill for a super scope cabinet.
So there you go.
Um, and we just had Skype crash.
That was weird.
At least didn't crash my whole computer.
Thank God.
Skype just crashed sadly, and I was in the middle of a call when it did.
So, so I apologize to the caller.
Hopefully they will be able to get through again, but I am firing Skype back up so we
can take more calls and we look like we're back up.
Sorry about that.
That's kind of crappy.
One eight seven seven game.
Oler username on Skype, live radio guys.
Sometimes Skype will crash on us as we're doing the show live.
Yeah.
I like what Bobby and Chad is saying, uh, talking about getting a 2d X cabinet.
You know, I think if I were to drop the money, I'd have to get something Bemani related.
Yeah, I think I'd get a 2d X and probably honestly I think I'd want a happy sky.
We'll see.
Hey, we got another call.
Hi, you're on orange launch radio.
Who's this?
Wow.
I can't believe I got through for this.
This is my first time calling.
This is excellent.
Well, hi, excellent.
Congratulations on making it through.
You might've lucked out cause some other, unfortunately we were on the line with another
call and then Skype crashed and I really feel bad, but that's just live radio sometimes
and Hey, you got through and you've never been on before.
So what's on your mind?
Well, first off, I, I don't know about exactly about the pinball games exactly, uh, uh, arcade.
I'm sorry.
Arcade games.
I know about more, a little more about pinballs than I do arcade because I used to work on
them working at arcade.
But um, yeah, the, um, the, the ones like street fighters and the use of those ones
are a little more commonplace to find than you would with some of the other ones.
Um, the more newer they are, the easier to find.
Of course, the more harder they're fine is the more older they are.
So you really would have to search and I know he's overseas, so that'd probably be even
more hard than it is over here in the U S where it's just a tad bit more commonplace
maybe than say like over there in Sweden.
Uh, it really depends on all of those factors, but I do agree the best way to find an arcade
game without having to pay all the shipping, look for an, look for an arcade near you that's
closing down.
Yeah.
No joke.
I'm bad.
Like I said, before we closed down, unfortunately my arcade, we had like four and a half pages
full of arcade, different arcade games.
So I mean, yeah, if you find one that's nearly getting ready to close down, you probably
can pick one up for a good price.
Well there you go.
Hopefully the advice will be taken, even though I think that last caller wasn't overseas,
they're upstate New York, but I know we do have other listeners that are overseas that
can take that, um, uh, advice to heart.
Well what else is on your mind?
Glee.
Great show.
First off.
Yes, I was calling more in tone to THQ and their golden Wii that they sent over to overseas
there.
Yes.
Glee was amazing, by the way, if folks need a new TV show to watch, even though there's
only the one episode, definitely reminded me of being a music geek in high school.
But ah, yes, we actually were gonna, before we made it a short show tonight when Loki
wasn't able to be here, we were gonna talk about the golden Wii.
Tell us a little bit about this and what you wanted to say about it.
THQ, which unfortunately lost a major amount of money over the last year, which I thought
that was even more ironic, decided to send a golden Wii overseas to the UK to give to
the queen as a thank you.
For what?
A thank you for what?
Just being queenly?
Well, as a, as a, as a way to promoting their new game.
Gotcha.
I was gonna say though, come on, I don't think the queen is really gonna play this
Wii.
She's obviously a little old and I think every time I've seen her in, in, you know, on TV
and stuff, she seems to be, have limited mobility.
I'm sure someone would argue with me whether that means she can't play the Wii or not,
but you know, come on, she's a queen, she's the freaking queen of England.
I think she's got better things to do than sit there and play the Wii.
However, I think it's one of those things that you'll see in a museum someday as the
Wii the queen once owned, even though she never touched it.
Supposedly she, she has a, uh, supposedly she was playing the Wii before with the prince.
Supposedly there was articles about that, so that's why they sent her over one, so she
could have one of her own.
I stand corrected, what a great photo op that must have been.
I just like to see her play Mike Tyson's punch out, I think that'd be even funnier.
I don't know about that, I, she probably was playing something, probably Wii bowling, cause
I know that's something that, uh, this is gonna sound terrible, especially considering
I'm talking about the queen of England, but look, this is life, part of life is getting
old.
Uh, the Wii bowling is really popular in, like, senior citizen centers, and like, all
these things, like, they'll actually have Wii bowling night at the senior citizen center
and all these really fun things, so I betcha that's what she was playing, if anything.
And if I'm wrong, then I'm wrong again.
What else is new?
Nah, that's pretty much about it I can think of.
I'm looking forward to seeing what comes out of E3 in a couple weeks out of all these rumors
and stuff, and see which ones are true and which ones are false.
Me too.
So, out of curiosity, what do you, since, you know, OLR can't compete with the commercial
sites, what do you want us to bring you from E3?
Whatever news is not given, I guess, because a lot of it's gonna be hard, because a lot
of the news, as soon as it's gonna break, is gonna be put all, posted all over the web
and Twitter and Facebook and all that, so.
It's gonna be harder this year, cause there's no Kensha Hall for everyone to ignore, or
do the nice fluff piece that is, uh, you know, the one article on the entirety of Kensha
Hall.
And from what I understand, we're not having that this year, so, uh, it's gonna be difficult
to really dig around, but we will try to find the Kensha in E3 for you guys.
What I would like to see is maybe even, you know, like, what the independent people are
doing.
What are some of these games that are blowkey that should have been up to par, you know,
that should have been, you know, the major hits that are maybe not as hits.
I will do my best to dig up the independent stuff for you guys, and I think that's where
we're gonna have to find our niche this year, is that I bet there's a lot of people that
want to be heard, and they're gonna be excited, uh, to have somebody care, and, uh, certainly,
you know what, let's find the next Braid.
Let's find the next Katamari Damacy.
Let's find that next big thing that hasn't been discovered yet.
I like that idea.
All right, well, XLink, we gotta let you go so we can take some more calls, but thank
you so much, first time caller, and, uh, we'll, uh, call us again sometime.
Oh, definitely.
All right, later, dude.
Thanks.
Uh, we'll take some more calls.
Uh, by the way, some other comments from Chat Rehman, what they want to see from E3, rlbx327
wants to know about the iPhone games at E3, uh, actdef says, King of Fighter XII details.
You know, I did get an email about a pre-tournament that's going on, but it's going on, like,
I think the Sunday before E3, so, sadly, we'll still be here, we can't go, but I know there's
gonna be some tournaments going on, uh, AlphaKananagram wants some Katamari Forever footage in a soundtrack
bootleg.
I don't know how Namco would feel about a bootleg on our site, but we'll try.
Ha, hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Hello, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Hola, bienvenidos a Orange Launch Radio, okay, the caller isn't there, apparently, uh, 1877
Game OLR, or username on Skype is Orange Launch Radio, remember, you can always test the calls
before giving us a call at Echo123 is the username on Skype, and that's a great way
to make sure that your microphone is working and all that fun stuff before you actually
call us.
Of course, that doesn't work with a touch tone phone, um, touch tone phones are much
easier though, you just pick up the phone and call, I don't think I've ever seen a phone
not work, although I have seen them be quiet, I've just never seen them, like, not actually
work at all.
Let's try this again.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Sorry about that, my mic's screwed up, it's Gold Anthro.
That's alright, I'm glad you got through, because I know you were the caller that we
crashed on earlier, well, what's on your mind?
Ah, don't worry about it.
Um, well, I guess I could say I had a, uh, quite a weekend, uh, uh, along with, uh, one
of the OLR staff members, DJ Ron Mass, I went to Anime Boston 2009 this weekend, on Saturday.
Ah, and how was that?
I'm happy to hear that, uh, there was some OLR meetups going on, because I know somewhere
in the Bay Area right now, GS68 is crying because he's the only OLR guy at Fanime, which
I'm very sad I didn't get to this year, but, next year, next year, well, how was Anime
Boston?
Uh, it was good, um, I guess, uh, it was my first convention, I really didn't know what
to expect, but, um, uh, it was pretty good, it was pretty good, um, one of the first things
I did was find, uh, DJ Ron Mass, um, he, uh, was selling some stuff, he didn't seem to
have any good luck this, uh, weekend, but he said overall he had a good time, I guess,
I guess he'll be calling in maybe next week to talk about it, I think he's getting home
late.
Oh, I'm sure he will.
Today's his birthday too, if I'm not mistaken, so happy birthday to you guys, if you're with
me.
Yes, yes it is, everybody wish him a happy birthday, I know I did.
So he's probably out enjoying that and not listening to the show tonight, which I completely
understand.
Um, here's something I'm gonna ask you, one thing that always impressed me about Anime
conventions, you know, I'm not super into Anime, I don't know how much you're into it
or what have you, but one thing that always kind of impressed me about the conventions,
despite my lack of knowledge, is the art dealer rooms, and some of the fan inspired art that
you see in these rooms, um, you know, and this crosses over into video games too, because
I'll tell you, you can't walk through one of these, uh, hallways without seeing some
Kingdom Hearts inspired, you know, fan art or something.
Did you see any art, I don't know if you looked around the art dealer room, did you see some
art that really jumped out of you that you thought was awesome, and what was it?
I saw a lot of stuff, I saw anything from like, like Anime stuff from like Death Note,
if I've seen the typical, stereotypical, stupid Naruto stuff, that's just my opinion, not
fact, but I just, that's not my thing.
Uh, I also found video game stuff, uh, like basically, uh, what did you say you were wondering
if there was there?
Oh, I don't know, I know there's always something Kingdom Hearts, but did anything kind of jump
out of you?
Kingdom Hearts, yes.
Okay, let me give you an example.
Let me give you an example, when I was at, um, ASEN, I actually bought this, I thought
it was so rad, because I bought it for, um, my boyfriend, who, um, I know is a big fan
of this, but, um, they actually had an art dealer table, and she had a drawing of David
Bowie from Labyrinth, and I just thought that was so awesome, I'm like, how random to find
something like that in an Anime con, but did you see anything that like, like, jumped out
of you like that?
Like, wow, I didn't expect to see that at an art dealer table.
Um, I, I, I guess, a lot, pretty much everything was unexpected for me, like I said, this was
my first con, I, I saw, I mean, there was someone with little, uh, I also have a friend
in chat called our Robocon that doesn't seem to get to listen to OLR a lot, but he tries
to catch the podcast, he's live in there now, um, but, uh, we, we went together on Saturday,
and I got, I got some, uh, they had like little buttons they were selling for like 50 cents
to a hundred, I mean, one dollar, uh, I got like a little thing from The World Ends With
You, that little pin that you'd get in the RPG game, that portable RPG game that says
you're, you're in, you're in the, uh, game thing, I don't know if you...
Oh, yeah, no, I know, I, okay, that's cool, and yeah, The World Ends With You definitely
is, uh, has its fans, especially the Squeenix fans, so okay, cool, cool.
Yeah, I also saw, I saw something interesting, it was a stained glass thing, um, of various
Death Note anime characters, um, it had the character, the Detective L, but it was like
a vampire version of him with like blue hair, and it was pretty cool, it was like stained
glass.
That sounds kind of neat, stained glass is always pretty cool, well look, I want to ask
you about this before we let you go, but how about the game room?
Sure.
I mean, we're video games and gaming, how was the game room in anime Boston?
I was, I was going to bring that up, yeah, the game room was, um, it, it was, uh, I think
they used like the, uh, Grand Ballroom and the, see this is in Boston, Massachusetts,
the Heinz Convention Center, they were, I think they used the ballroom for the, uh,
video game thing, uh, when they, what?
Go ahead, Will.
What kind of games did you see in the room when you went there?
Um, I saw, they had a Street Fighter IV tournament going on, they had, uh, I, I finally got to
play popin' music, it was pretty, that was a pretty cool experience.
I love popin' music.
Yeah, I know, uh, that's why I had, that's why I brought that up, and, um, the interesting
thing is, they had, they had, they had the Rock Band 2 set up with the, uh, on the Xbox
360, the interesting thing I saw was that Nintendo Wii that they had actually was using,
running on the homebrew channel, uh, the, uh, homebrew channel, which allows you to
run, like, um, self-made applications, among other things, and they were using it for perfectly,
uh, legitimate reasons, so I thought, I thought it was kinda cool.
Of course.
Of course.
Okay, I got one more question for you before we let you go, and it actually comes from
our chat room, from our good buddy Bobby Black Wolf, heard before us here Sunday nights on
All Games Radio.
Uh, Bobby asked, Anime Boston is in the same place as PAX Boston is going to be.
How was the size of the place, because some people are speculating it may not be big enough
for an event the size of PAX.
Um, I think, I think that it's, uh, well, I think there's, there's like three floors,
um, three, I think it's like a three-floor place, and, uh, we were all around it, and,
uh, uh, it's pretty big, it really is, it's, it's bigger than, uh, I thought it was gonna
be.
Like, there's a, there's a mall that's, like, attached to it, like, uh, and we got some
food there afterwards, but, but it's, it's pretty big, I mean, even without that, the
convention center itself, I mean, it, it, so yeah, I think it could handle PAX, PAX
East, because, I mean, the attendance just keeps climbing every year on Anime Boston
as it is, so yeah, it could probably handle that.
That's interesting news, because I was, uh, I saw that the, uh, I was expecting it to
be Memorial Day weekend the next week, and it wasn't, so I, I saw that it was, like,
April 2nd or 4th from, uh, Anime Boston, so probably somebody else, like, took, took the
Memorial Day weekend.
Yeah, it happens, it happens, there's a lot of big conventions, Memorial Day weekend.
Alright, well, um, we gotta let you go, buddy, but thanks so much for the report, and, uh,
glad to hear you enjoyed your first con.
Yeah, thanks a lot, Rob.
No problem.
Maybe I'll see you at PAX Boston, speaking of which, since it sounds like this is your
neck of the woods.
I'll see what I can do, uh, I have to, I, I'll have to work things out, but we'll, we'll
meet someday.
Alright, someday.
I'll see you later.
Alright, take care, buddy.
Someday, Gadget.
Bye.
I'll get you next time, Gadget.
Next time.
Um, why not?
We'll do one more call if it comes in pretty soon here on the phones.
How you doing over there, Doc Soccer?
You've...
I'm doing fine, I'm actually checking for video game sims.
Oh, yeah?
I found one of, uh, Leon Kennedy from Resident Evil 4, so that's a pretty good one.
That's fun.
You know, I still have yet to play Resident Evil 5, what the hell's wrong with me?
But, outside, outside of the demo.
Alright, well, our phones, sadly, are not really ringing right now, so we're gonna go
ahead and close up the lines.
Dammit, call!
Nah, it's too late, I closed up the lines.
We're at about an hour and a half now, anyway, and I wanna go run out and get some food and,
and enjoy the rest of my Memorial Day weekend, as I'm sure a lot of you folks do.
So we're gonna go ahead and go around and start to wrap things up, and get on out of
here for the evening.
So, um...
In ribbons and bows?
If we want to.
Uh, we'll go around and get everybody's final thought.
I guess we'll start with me tonight, although I don't have much of a final thought tonight.
My final thought is...
Yogurt.
I want yogurt.
I want some too!
That would be amazing right now, would be some yogurt.
That would be fant- fantastical.
Not fro-gurt.
But yogurt.
Cause the fro-gurt has potassium benzoate.
Never mind.
Uh...
Dark Sakura, what's your final thought tonight?
Um...
Porn.
There you go, it ended how it began.
Hey, thank you guys so much for tuning in to us tonight and supporting Independent Podcasting.
Loki should be back next week, as will I, as will Dark Sakura, for our big pre-E3 show.
I know you've probably heard E3 talked about to death on other shows, but we are gonna
be taking your last request for what you want to see us cover at E3, and all of that we'll
be doing next week here on Orange Lounge Radio.
If- again, if you like the show, please tell two people you know about the program, help
spread the good word about the show, help offset those a-holes that leave negative reviews
on websites because they have nothing better to do with their sorry-ass lives, uh, because
it really helps, you know, us have the motivation to keep going when you guys, uh, say good
things about us and- and just knowing we have certain people that would be here every week.
You know-
I also like when you send me money.
Although sometimes it can be frustrating when people bitch and moan and bellyache when you
go a week without a show, or that the podcast was late or whatever, it does show that people
care enough to complain, so I actually kind of see the good in that, and thanks everybody
for your passion around the show, it- it- that is very motivating, surprisingly enough.
So keep us on our toes, I guess is what I'm saying.
Twinkle toes!
There you go.
Alright, that's it.
We're out of here.
Have a great night everybody, and uh, tune in next week, we'll be back with more of Orange
Lounge Radio.
Have a great night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific Time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right
anyway.
See you next week!
