Today, May 17, 2009, the studio behind Duke Nukem Forever closes.
Details are revealed on Guitar Hero 5.
And could a popular import fighting game be U.S. bound?
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of Orange
Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer
lifestyle.
That's right, we're back May 17, 2009.
We were off last week, that was my bad.
This is Rob Roberts here with you every week on the show, except last week.
Joining us, as always, say hello to the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Sommers.
What are you doing in my house?
I'm sorry.
Yes, we have a studio change tonight, which is kind of interesting.
The AC at Studio Roberts broke, so now we're here at Studio Dark Sakura, and it's kind
of different, but good.
I'm hoping the sound is still the same and everybody is hearing things like they were
before.
This is kind of nice though, because in this compacted space, I'm able to adjust audio
a little easier as we go, so hopefully there's no popping and breaking tonight on the show.
We'll see.
Although I think Dark Sakura might have been a little loud, but that's all right.
We'll fix these things as we go.
It's live radio.
What can you do?
You just have to kind of fix things as they come up, but we'll still be taking your calls.
We're wired for everything except Justin TV, sadly.
We have to say goodbye to Justin TV for tonight, but we're hoping to get that back in a future
week.
We might actually relocate within the relocation for the summer into a bigger space here in
the house.
We'll see.
Anyway, I won't bore you with the details, but I will bore you with the one and only
tech master, Loki.
Hello.
How are you doing, Loki?
Could be better.
Oh, really?
I'm sitting on a step stool that's as hard as a rock.
We'll figure it out.
Maybe at the halfway point we can switch and you can stay on.
We can get you a chair for next week.
We'll figure something out.
We'll work it out.
Anyhow, we're back, and of course we have a little time to catch up on, so we'll play
a little bit of How Was Your Gaming Week, because that's how we always start things
off.
So How Was Your Gaming Week?
Dark Soccer, why don't you start us off?
Well, I played Sims.
Sims 2.
That's about it.
Do you like to torture your Sims, or do you actually play it legitimately?
I actually have been tweaking my Sims to try to put more stuff, modding more this, that,
and the other, and now I have a dirty object.
So, just to see how it worked, and now I'm curious.
Okay.
We'll leave it at that then, I suppose.
Yes.
Are you excited for Sims 3?
Kind of.
I was looking on the Twitter earlier, and looking at the friends list on the Twitter,
and apparently some of our listeners are pretty excited, because I guess Sims 3 just leaked
out, so some folks are already downloading that and having fun with it.
Really?
Uh-oh.
No, not during the show.
Yeah, not during the show.
Leave it to Loki in five minutes to try and pirate something from the new location, geez.
And share.
Alright.
I'm not surprised, though, especially with, although I am surprised it's so early, a lot
of EA leaks this week.
But of course, Loki will buy the game if he enjoys it.
Of course I will.
Alright.
Anyhow.
No, I probably won't enjoy it, though, just like I enjoyed Spore.
I found the case for that today with the DVD inside, and I'm like, oh yeah, I have Spore.
More like Bore.
Alright.
Well, that's it for Dark Cyros gaming week, Loki, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was pretty brief, I spent most of the week flashing all my drives, upgrading
the drive firmwares in all my 360s, so now instead of having one modded 360, I have four
of the five so far, because the last one which had the light on drive, which is a bitch and
a half the flash, the setup I had didn't want to work with it correctly, and so it was able
to grab the key and that kind of stuff, but I had to actually take my broken 360 and take
that drive and spoof it as the one.
Anyways, so basically I have four modded systems now, and the whole reason we have four modded
systems is because we're playing four modded copies of Grand Theft Auto IV in our company
Deathmatch that we do, and it's all sorts of fun.
Right now we're testing out some of the new weapons that I'm building for it.
One of them is kind of like, I'm calling it the Hurricane Bomb, and basically what it
does is you fire it and it creates a giant physics force that will toss people around.
No damage, but it will throw people and you can throw them into walls and stuff and that
causes damage.
So we've been playing with that and it's absolutely distracting.
You know what kind of weapon you need to make?
And maybe I just have Star Trek on the brain because that movie was so fucking epic.
You need a red matter weapon, that's what you need.
I tried making something- How could you program a singularity in a game?
Something to create a black hole- Something to make the game suck!
There's nothing to create, unfortunately, a negative physics force.
You can sort of, I don't know, the game won't let you do that, because if it could, I've
already thought about that and, you know, a bomb that would explode, suck everything
towards it, which would be pretty sweet.
But that doesn't work.
And I tried creating a flamethrower and that didn't really work as well.
The game's just very sensitive and some of the things I'm trying to make it do causes
the crash and that's not good.
So that's just fun, you know, to basically play against each other.
Really the only reason I need to mod all four systems is because if you put one of the weapons
on- The way it calculates damage and physics and stuff like that, you actually have to
have all the systems modded the same with the same kind of, you know, edits to the game
in order for it to work correctly, because otherwise it just doesn't work.
But yeah, it's been a lot of fun and I'm trying to get some more stuff added into that.
So aside from playing, you know, Grand Theft Auto 4 PC and Lost and Damned on the 360,
I've also been playing Rock Band Unplugged because that somehow leaked online and so,
you know, I have to check it out.
Honestly I'm glad I checked it out this way because I can't see myself purchasing this
game.
I think I get bored with it really fast.
Really?
Why?
Because I get bored with Rock Band pretty fast.
It's just not the same as playing like Rock Band.
I mean it's, you know, frequency amplitude so at least that way they can kind of add
music that would normally not be in like Rock Band, you know, doesn't have to necessarily
be rock music.
They can do electronica and all that sort of stuff.
But I don't know.
Like I spent more time I think customizing my characters than I did actually playing
the game.
And it's alright.
It's what it is I guess.
But I don't know.
It's just alright.
I don't think I'd buy it though.
How does it compare to like frequency and amplitude in all those games we think this
game was inspired by?
Honestly I've never really, I haven't played too much of frequency or amplitude but from
the little that I have played it's pretty much the same type of thing.
You know, except kind of the Rock Band set up where you have the same sort of graphics
that you'd see in Rock Band except you're jumping between three, you know, four different
tracks.
And you are switching a lot through there and that's kind of where I mess up usually
in the songs.
Because the songs themselves aren't that hard.
Obviously I'm not playing on like expert difficulty or anything like that but I'm just playing
on normal difficulty that's in the game.
It's not that hard but it's just, you know, jumping back and forth between tracks.
You know, I miss usually the first note or something like that because I'm like oh crap
oh it doesn't want me to jump here it wants me to jump here and it's like uhh, it's kind
of annoying.
But I don't know, it's alright.
I guess, I mean there's no real good music games on the PSP other than like DJ Max so
you know, more than merrier I guess.
I still kind of want to buy it, we'll see, we'll see.
Okay so my gaming week, before I get to my gaming week since I did kind of invoke Star
Trek I just have to say, oh my god, was that not like the greatest thing ever?
Like that movie was so awesome and like I know there's probably some people out there
that don't really want to hear it because like you know every movie has it's detractors
but I got to tell you, you don't have to be a Trekkie to appreciate Star Trek.
That was the goal I think.
You'll appreciate it more probably if you aren't a Trekkie.
You'll pick up on a lot of in-jokes if you're a Trekkie but I think one thing I like about
what J.J. Abrams did is that they took out, and the writers, they took out a lot of like
the techno talk.
You know, they made it very accessible to anybody and the acting was great.
I was so surprised by the guy who played Kirk.
I think was actually my favorite which is amazing because usually I'm a huge Sylar fan
but I was just kind of thinking about it today.
I do think though that his Spock was pretty hardcore.
Oh yeah, don't get me wrong, he was awesome.
They were all great.
The closest though of anybody was McCoy.
He must have had his séance before you know filming every day and channeled De Force Kelly
because he was perfect and better than being Cupid.
It makes me more excited.
Did you recognize him?
No, I didn't.
No, I didn't.
He was Cupid in Xena.
Okay, okay.
No, I haven't seen Xena in so long but it made me more excited for the Star Trek MMO
because I'm hoping this invigorates a whole new life into Star Trek like I hope we get
a new show like I don't think we'll get a show out of this movie like you know the actors
in this are too big I think to want to do a TV show every week in fact one of them's
already doing a TV show every week but I'm all considering the way that show's gonna
you know kind of headed he may not be doing that TV show much longer true he might be
suddenly available but I'm I'm hoping that at least we'll get a new like you know maybe
something in the next generation canon you know some something after you know that I
just don't want another prequel I'd like to see something later well these aren't this
isn't a prequel I know I don't want spoilery but you know what I mean it's it's I know
I know I just want out there now that you can say it's a franchise reboot yeah that's
that's for sure that's for sure it's very interesting they're talking about that possibly
in the in the sequel they're gonna do Khan again which would be very interesting they
could do Khan the first time around it's we have no Montalban I know it'd be weird we
have no rich Corinthian leather all right anyhow sorry I didn't mean to derail the show
but you know what this this this Star Trek movie being so good makes me excited like
for the game that's coming out you know in a little while and I haven't played the Xbox
Live arcade game that's out there but like the MMO I'm talking about it makes me all
excited for Star Trek I'm making us a race huh I'm making us an official race the olorians
the olorians that'd be awesome and of course my other character is gonna be an Orion side
girl so why not all right anyhow my gaming week though I didn't play a whole lot of new
stuff I've just been kind of busy in my personal life like Dark Sakura but I did get a chance
to check out space invaders extreme on the Xbox Live arcade marketplace which is of course
pretty much a port of the PSP version of the game although there have been some changes
of course now they have the multiplayer mode and things a lot of fun it's fun to play on
my big TV with my big sound system and I think it's great for 10 bucks I think it's a lot
of fun I think the game itself is pretty simple which I think is a good thing I think it's
very easy to get into and you know I think it's a type of game I might want to put some
headphones on and just kind of get sucked into which is weird because you think I'd
enjoy it more on the PSP and I do it's a great PSP game but I like the fact that now it has
some online modes it's kind of expanded on Xbox Live Arcade so is the game worth buying
twice yes I think so I think $10 is a fair price for the game and I think it's fun but
of course I also love retro upgraded classics like you know I loved Pac-Man versus I even
like the new Galaga you know I love these souped up retro games usually you know when
it comes to like Leisure Shoot Larry not so much but you know so a lot of the ones especially
they've been putting out on Xbox Live Arcade lately have been great now one other place
that I did get to play a lot of arcade games this week was I went to of course Anime Central
or Asen for short which is where I was and why we weren't here last week on the show
but they had a little game room set up and I got to play some of the arcade games they
had in there such as BeatMania 2DX Gold I believe it was was in there which is cool
because I hadn't played 2DX in a couple months even though we have one here in town I just
never seemed to check out there and then I also played Guitar Freaks which is interesting
because I haven't played Guitar Freaks in a very long time like the last time I remember
actually playing Guitar Freaks was probably not long after I originally bought Guitar
Hero on the Xbox you know so it's been like a long time and it's kind of interesting that
can your Guitar Hero and Rock Band skill help you improve in Guitar Freaks yes a little
bit except the timing is much different and Guitar Freaks I'm sorry is still not as great
of a game it needs a reboot it needs JJ Abrams to come fix it is what Guitar Freaks needs
Rock Revolution not so much so I don't know if that series is dead or what but it was
it was fun to revisit I mean it does have songs you know if you like the j-rock you
know you're not really going to get a lot of those songs in the games over here but
uh yeah Guitar Freaks stick a fork in it it's pretty much done it needs a reboot like most
Bomani games right now need a reboot JJ Abrams needs to go work for Konami and reboot everything
over there I think except for Metal Gear Solid that franchise is doing alright still he should
be directing Metal Gear Solid movie that'd be amazing but you know that guy's gonna be
in demand now so dream on on that one alright um let's see what else did I play at the con
I watched people playing in the groove 2 and pump it up NX and DDR but there was so many
people playing all those games I was a little disappointed by their console showing though
especially the first night like half their TVs weren't even on and I was like how did
they not have Tatsunoko versus Capcom at an anime convention of course they had it by
Saturday night but a little disappointed in the console showing in their game room but
it got a little better as the con went on I don't know if they had some snafus or what
but um one of the things I thought was cool was at the con there were nine of us sharing
a hotel room yes nine of us sharing a hotel room Misty of course if you listen to show
a long time you probably recognize that name as one of our OLR supporters organized this
whole thing amongst you know a lot of folks she knew and just what have you kind of like
friends of friends and there were nine of us in a room but what was cool about that
is one night we had Street Fighter IV going on the TV in the hotel room which was a plasma
HD TV it was a nice TV because this is the Hyatt it was a pretty nice hotel so we hooked
up two arcade sticks to the TV and just had a ball with it it was a lot of fun and congrats
by the way to OLR me member Rob D for winning the Street Fighter IV tournament at ASEN very
nice work so that was pretty much it for my gaming week I had a good time I had fun at
the convention and yeah thanks to everybody who came out for the panel and if you are
a new listener of the show because of the panel I'm surprised there were a lot of people
there that hadn't really heard the show before but said they would check it out so hello
to everybody from ASEN who is listening and thank you very much for tuning in to Orange
Lounge Radio so let's move on and get into some news you're probably sick about hearing
about us let's give them some news first we have some housekeeping to take care of the
SmileDK giveaway is tonight and you have about like 10 minutes to get your entries in I know
I said on the Twitter 5 o'clock but because of the studio move you got a little extra
time but we're going to have to take care of that during the break tonight so if you
don't know what I'm talking about guess you should have downloaded last week's podcast
you might be too late now unless you hurry Dark Soccer you have housekeeping tonight
yeah we had um didn't he also win the turbo graphics he did and I wasn't able to take
that to him but yeah because I can't find it uh oh well no it's just I mean you see
how much stuff I have I I have an idea where it is trust me as soon as I locate the turbo
graphics it's yours yeah otherwise I was saying a Saturn with no cords he uh well maybe we
can give that away in a future show I think I have a spare hookups he asked he actually
asked me about it but he you know I was like oh she didn't have a chance to see me he understood
he knew you've been busy so he he knows he'll get it pulling my brain out through my ears
that's all right school sucks uh and let's see uh of course I already mentioned that
we're at a new summer home for the show so we've for those of you stalking at home we've
moved from Rancho Cordova to what Citrus Heights are we in now are we technically in Citrus
Heights yes we have no longer in Rancho Cambodia all right so we've uh moved the show that's
right there'll be less gunshots here in uh Citrus Heights that'll be nice unless uh police
helicopters flying overhead at the end of the show uh and unfortunately though there's
no justin tv tonight we're hoping to have it up again next week but it may be a little
while just because we had to move a lot over here and justin tv has a lot of cable and
wires so remember guys it's a radio show first video show and it's too bad too because I
had by net commando oh bummer but hey at least we have to play that after the show yeah all
right anyhow um let's get into some gaming news that's what we're here it's been a very
very busy week as we start to ramp up to e3 stuff is just spilling out and we have lots
of e3 rumors but first some facts and loki's gonna start us off with a cold hard facts
tonight fact duke nukem forever is still not out and um this isn't helping 3d realms the
developer of said game is actually or i should say publishing said game is no longer around
they've actually shut down and um have seats to um operate due to funding issues and apparently
um apogee software has also laid off all the staff that probably doesn't help the game
come out any sooner now when you think about it um and then on top of all that you may
not know this but um take two i was apparently financing duke nukem forever and um had invested
approximately 12 million dollars according to take two and never and according to um
scott miller at 3d realms of course they're saying that they never received any of that
money and of course the game's not done yet so now take two is actually filed a lawsuit
against um the former 3d realms members and demanding that they get their source code
kind of sounds like a whole lot of um stuff that was going on with uh you know scratching
dj hero but hopefully if they do finally turn over that source code take two the game will
actually be finished and you know take two makes some pretty awesome games so that could
be good definitely would come out a lot sooner than say 10 years or more than 10 years god
i don't even know how many years it is now well sorry to hear it 3d realms this has been
forever this salutes for you no that does suck because it is people's jobs and things
but you know this is one of those things that when it was announced i don't know about you
guys but when i heard the news i was kind of like i'm kind of surprised this didn't
happen sooner and i don't mean to sound like insensitive but in this economy when we've
seen what's been happening to studios left and right i was kind of surprised that when
i when i heard this news i was like oh yeah how did this studio that had a game that's
been in development for like 12 years survive as long as they've had you know what i mean
i'm just surprised that take two would keep throwing money at this you know seeing as
there's i mean especially since it's been like 10 years i mean come on i would think
it by now they would be like okay we're gonna pass this on to somebody else or well i guess
maybe they're just you know it's not their game so i don't know well since the word of
the night seems to be reboot doesn't it seem like they've rebooted duke nukem forever internally
several times and we've seen this game kind of develop over the years and what's weird
is that we've seen more media after the game was you know essentially essentially frozen
again here with the closing of 3d realms uh we've seen more on it now and it seems like
it seems that the game reinvented itself over the past few years doesn't it yeah a few times
that's the engines you know were being developed and so i think at one time it was running
on you know one of the quake engines and then you know they ran it on something else and
now it's on it's like something that's like unreal ish but i think it's their own engine
but yeah it's definitely not what it used to be and unfortunately it should have come
out a long time ago but i swear it's elvis well or tupac loki in your you know expert
opinion i use that term loosely what do you think do you think we're ever going to see
this game or is it now officially deader than a doornail we're never going to see it uh
no i think that we'll see this game because take two's got money and they want another
franchise that's going to do well and duke nukem i mean you think the last take two thing
that they've uh or take two game that uh published at 3d realm was a prey this is the last 3d
realm game that they published uh oh and that did not meet expectations either that wasn't
very good but at the same time i mean they actually for what it's worth i enjoyed prey
because prey was a great game for those of us that suck at first-person shooters because
of the fact that you couldn't die and actually prey was kind of epic it just felt like prey
ended very abruptly that was praise biggest detractor but everything leading up to that
point was actually pretty awesome i actually really enjoyed prey well they need to still
have a good first-person shooter franchise because they don't have one right now they
have basically your sandbox games like grand theft auto and red dead revolver those two
franchises they've got their sports games um you know all the 2k sports stuff and also
you know um if they ever do another table tennis game so you've got that but they don't
have a first-person shooter franchise they have their kids lines and stuff like that
like that um you know nickelodeon nick jr stuff but they need a good first-person shooter
thing and what better but you know than duke nukem i mean i think it'd be awesome if they
actually put out a good game and that's the problem is the expectations for are so high
and they want to set like this new precedent for interactivity in the game well that's
good but the game's got to be good also i mean and it's also got to get finished within
timely manner just like fable to fable to oh let's you know make this really amazing
ai you know the dog and all that stuff awesome that i'm glad that you did all that stuff
but the game was still mediocre so come on i don't know let's go to the chat room i've
been um totally ignoring them tonight and i really apologize chat that orange lounge
trader.com of course is always open when we're here uh we're just trying to get used to the
new setup tonight so it's taking me a little longer to get around to them however i want
to read this because it's something what i'm thinking too unfolded raptor in chat says
i heard about prey 2 and it sounded awesome and this news saddens me so come to think
of it that just kind of made me think oh yeah this means prey 2 is is definitely deader
than a doornail right because since the first one didn't do that hot well let's let's say
you know the whole deal with them investing money is that they get rights to this kind
of stuff because obviously you know it they may sell the rights to somebody else you know
because they're no longer around um you know and uh act f pointed out in chat room uh max
pain 3 is another game franchise that they have who's a third person shooter you know
if we're gonna draw straws here but it's not a first person shooter still very good action
franchise but i don't know i think that they they need something like this you know what
take two should do if they're gonna inherit all the rights to all these you know apogee
games and 3d realms they should just give us a new commander keen game how about that
if you're gonna
kind of sucked, you know.
Dr. Sacker?
Well, I was actually going to try and wanted
to make a point earlier about them, you know,
with Duke Nukem Forever.
The other thing they're going to have going for them
to their advantage is, was 10 years now of coverage press
hype?
They could slap out a game that sucks
with the Duke Nukem Forever name on it, and it'll still sell.
And do you think that's what's going to happen?
Do you think that maybe 3D Realms was holding out
for the perfect game, and now Take Two maybe,
and I'm just theorizing here, is going to rush something
out the door based on whatever they get that's just going
to have the Duke Nukem Forever name on it,
just get it out there and say, finally, it's done.
Here, slap.
Well, also you've got to look at Take Two.
I mean, what kind of idiots were running
the whole process of them getting this game done?
Because seriously, usually they have different checkpoints
that they have to make before they get funding for this stuff.
I mean, and how could this go on for 10 years?
$12 million later, how could they just let it go?
I mean, there's got to be some sort of progress being made.
And the fact that over 10 years worth of work
and nothing's out, I'm sorry.
But even Grand Theft Auto IV and all these other big blockbuster
games only took a few years to put out, if that.
So come on, what the hell?
Get a better development team.
Somebody was holding out for perfection,
and it just never arrived.
I guess.
All right.
Well, moving on, let's go into music game worlds,
because it's interesting we talk about source codes
and legal settlements and so on, because there
was some interesting development in the whole Scratch
versus Activision versus this whole thing.
And what happened is that this week an LA Superior Court
judge ordered that the source code for Scratch
the Ultimate DJ must be turned over to Genius and Newmark.
These are the two companies that formed the Scratch the Ultimate
DJ LLC.
There was actually a company, a limited liability court,
formed behind this.
Seven Studios is, of course, now owned by Activision.
They are also going to have to hand over everything
they used to make the game.
Scratch LLC says they are going to finish the game,
and they will continue their lawsuit against Activision
as well.
But the bad news, I'm reading between the lines here,
nothing's been said for sure.
But the bad news is don't expect to see this game
until at least next year now, after all this, probably,
which is too bad.
Because, I mean, at that point, then we're
going to have DJ Hero out there as well.
And is it just going to be oversaturation at that point?
Or is there room for two, like there was room
for Guitar Hero and Rock Band?
There's room for two.
The only real experience I have with DJ Hero
is what I've been reading in Game Informer.
And they do kind of show how the game's
going to play, which is quite different than how
this is going to play.
Because Scratch plays pretty much like Beatmania,
but now they have a more enhanced scratching system
and that kind of stuff.
And you can do a little bit of improv.
But when you look at the two games, clearly,
and I hate to say this, clearly, DJ Hero
is actually kind of changing the way you play the game
and more innovative in that sense.
But I don't know.
I mean, yeah, it does suck.
But at the same time, when we first saw Guitar Hero,
most of us looked at it and went, eh, it's just guitar
freaks, but a little bit different.
I mean, in Scratch the Ultimate DJ,
we kind of look at it and go, eh, it's Beatmania,
but it's hip hop instead of techno music.
So I mean, is that necessarily a bad thing?
Because those first looks can be deceiving, right?
Because Guitar Hero ended up being a pretty awesome game.
Not necessarily a bad thing.
And they might have had a chance if they
could get to market first like they were planning on.
Because if everything had gone as planned,
they would be putting this game out in a couple weeks.
But that's not what happened.
So now you've got this monster of a game coming
from Activision that's due out in October.
And this game is, unless they do some serious miracle working
and haul some ass on getting this game done,
I don't think it's going to be done before it.
That means we're probably not going to see it at E3 either.
But wouldn't it be interesting if we did?
But I'm not going to hold my breath.
They were saying that they were going to have it there,
I thought.
But I don't know.
We'll see what happens.
More to develop, I'm sure.
It seems like some of the new is coming out
on this whole thing every week.
And E3 is just going to be kind of the climax of that.
Because you know DJ Hero is going to be there.
So it'll be interesting to see what happens with this.
But for now, we move on.
And moving on to Guitar Hero 5, where there
have been some details released.
It's to be out on PS2, PS3, Wii, Xbox 360.
No word about new instruments yet.
But they say that it will allow you
to use any combination of instruments, multiple drums,
multiple guitars, different microphones.
So maybe we have a quartet mode.
I don't know.
That would be weird.
So if I wanted to get four singers to sing these songs,
I could do that.
They better all freaking be on pitch,
or I will not listen to them.
Four drummers, too.
I could just have a house full of clacking drums.
That'd be hilarious.
Interesting.
Yes, you could do that.
And great.
There's also another option for party play,
meaning that you can come in and out of the songs as you will.
So it's not going to be the, ah, dropping.
It'll be the, oh, they left.
There's supposed to be the music creation studio to be reworked.
And that you can actually trigger all of your band moments
when you hit parts simultaneously.
And there are some challenges and different things.
I guess they're trying to make it interesting.
On top of that, it will be compatible with Guitar Hero
World Tour.
And you can actually upgrade the old game
to use all the new enhancements in Guitar Hero 5.
They're supposed to also have some Johnny Cash.
That's the best news of all.
INGN0 in chat asks, could you do four singers, four guitarists,
and four drummers?
I don't think all at once.
Any combination of five, I think.
Four, maybe.
Well, maybe five.
I don't know.
I'm sorry, four.
That's right.
Yeah, because there's only four control slots.
I was looking at five.
I think it's a combination of four.
But who knows what's going to be able to be done on the internet?
That'd be kind of neat to have band versus band
at the same time.
Be interesting.
That's a lot of people, though.
Well, have you, well, someone did that without a game.
The YouTube band.
I haven't heard of this.
It's a page that has different embedded YouTube
videos of people playing chords and different passages
in the same key.
Oh, weird.
And you can actually play them all at once
or at different times.
And they're all harmonious.
It's really cool.
I'll try to find the link again.
Gotcha.
OK.
But in theory, you could have it.
OK.
Could be interesting.
Could be interesting.
I'm curious to see how this plays out.
But I bet you, this is just going to, you know,
all the YouTubes you see out there,
speaking of which of people playing Guitar Hero and stuff,
this is just going to up the craziness of those videos.
Because now I can just see it.
We're going to have the four people all singing,
you know, crazy, Journey or whatever.
Then we're going to have just people doing all the mad
drumming, four people at once.
You know you're going to see that expert, everybody in sync,
four people playing video.
It's going to be interesting.
I don't know.
But I don't know if it'll be fun.
That's the real question.
So we'll see.
We'll see.
I'm sure this will also be at E3.
We'll know more about it then.
Well, to make things even more complicated in the DJ game
genre, apparently there's another DJ game coming out.
Armin van Buuren is actually releasing a brand new game
on the Wii called Armin van Buuren in the mix.
And it's due out this fall.
Apparently the developer at Cloud9
is developing the game with him and allow
players to remix his music.
I don't know.
That sounds kind of cheap.
Well, now see, usually I would write this off.
I'd go, eh, it's going to be on the Wii.
It's probably just going to be another one of those cheesy
party games or whatever.
But dude, Armin van Buuren's actually pretty awesome.
So with his name behind it, and granted,
just because you have a big name behind it doesn't
mean the game's going to be good.
But if it's his music and stuff, it
has the potential to be pretty decent.
I mean, it's hard to say with no screenshots and no peripherals.
But the potential's there.
It's just if history has taught us anything,
I think a lot of us have very low expectations,
if you know what I mean.
So we'll see.
We'll see.
Yeah, and a very good point in the chat room.
Tiger Kala says, this is good for trance music.
And that's a good point, too, is that with Scratch,
we're looking at hip hop music.
With DJ Hero, we're looking at mashups.
Maybe this is going to be the game
that the Beatmania fans are drawn towards,
because it's more of the trancey music they're
used to from Beatmania.
Maybe.
With a very big question mark there.
Who knows?
A lot could happen with this game.
But if you think about it, for those folks that
are trying to find a new home, since Konami is not really
doing anything with 2DX in the States,
maybe this Armin Van Buren game is going
to actually be kind of cool.
Do you think we're going to see something like Rock Revolution
but coming out from the Beatmania type of thing?
I am actually tempted to say no, because of how horrifically
Rock Revolution did.
But it depends.
If they put some new creative energy behind it,
it's just they're so retarded now.
It's like, what happened?
I mean, I know what happened.
You got rid of all the people that actually had some ideas
of where to take the whole Bomani genre.
Instead, you got rid of all of them,
and now you're coming out, potentially,
with a collection of older songs, like another Best Hits.
Yeah.
Oh, that takes some thought.
Oh, let's take some old songs.
We don't even have to do shit.
Let's just put it into a new game.
Done.
I'm going to go vacation for the rest of the year.
I don't know.
It is disappointing how the mighty
have fallen in terms of creativity and innovation.
But stranger things have happened.
Let's push some more Frogger games.
That'd be perfect.
Because Frogger, that's a franchise that'll never die.
That's gold right there.
Well, speaking of competition, a lot of talk
has come up this week about the different turntables
between the Scratch game and DJ Hero.
And what's interesting is that if you actually
look at the Scratch turntable, the Scratch turntable
looks somewhat like a BeatMania controller.
Of course, I hope your left side pried,
because that's the direction it looks like it goes.
Ah, that does flip.
Although, does it do it?
It does flip.
Oh, that's good.
But it has five keys on it.
But they're not staggered like you would see on a BeatMania
controller.
They're all in a row.
Kind of looks very much like it looks
like someone ripped off a Guitar Hero controller
and just kind of laid it next to a turntable.
That's what the Scratch turntable looks like.
So don't expect it to look the piano look of BeatMania,
if that makes sense.
It's all in a row.
And otherwise, it looks like there's
a little kind of crossfader, a little switch at the very, very
end as well that's going to be used in the game.
Kind of a bonus thing.
Yeah, basically, the Scratch turntable,
it's got a really nice made turntable.
It's being developed by Newmark.
The platter itself is actually the same type
of platter you'd find on an MP3 turntable.
And that's where people got confused.
They're all, oh, it's a real MP3 turntable.
I can use this as an actual turntable.
No, you can't use it as an actual turntable
for your MP3s.
But it's the same hardware going into it.
And then, of course, the buttons, as you said,
they're all color coded and everything.
Actually, I think that one is the 360 one,
based off of the little x in the corner.
So it has to be the 360.
And so it's color coded to the 360.
And the actual crossfader on the side
is basically for the scratching, for different Scratch
techniques.
So the game plays very similar beat mania type of game.
But the scratching itself, you can do all the Scratch
techniques and all the cutouts and stuff
like that with the crossfader.
That's what that's there for.
Now, earlier this week also, they
had a partial picture of the game.
Can I say that before you move on to DJ Hero?
I just want to remind folks, we talked
about the song list of this game a long time ago.
And Loki had a cutting edge first look at the game
before a lot of people did.
I just want to remind everybody, Milkshake by Kelis
is in this game.
It needs to come out.
That's all.
Potentially in this game.
That is all.
That can all change.
Who knows?
Hopefully they don't lose the licensing
with everything going on.
But come on, your Milkshake will bring all the boys to the yard
if this game comes out.
Now, the DJ Hero controller did put out
some pictures of what looks like the turntable platter
with three color buttons on it.
Now, the picture that went out on the internet
is obviously only half of what actually the controller is.
If you had gotten your latest copy of Game Informer magazine,
they actually did a six page write up on it.
And they actually have a picture of the full turntable
controller in here.
Of course, you've got the turntable as well with the three
buttons on there.
You've also got attached to it is a cross fader as well.
And there's also an effector dial and then
a button that's called the euphoria button,
or basically the overdrive or whatever that you
would have in Guitar Hero.
Now, the way the game's played, similar to Guitar Hero,
you're going to have your icons coming down the screen.
And you've got to hit them with those three buttons.
However, each of those buttons also represents other things.
The green button, which is the farthest on the left,
is going to be the first track.
So anything that you see over there
is going to basically be beats or whatever
that are part of the first track that you're mixing in.
The center is going to be the red, which
is also for effects and stuff that appear on both tracks.
It's also the cue up, I guess, your different effects
that you can throw in there.
And then finally, the blue, which is on the right,
is everything that's on the second song.
Also, the three tracks themselves
have other variations that are going to be coming down.
For example, the green on the far left,
you'll see that the line that follows the track basically
is going to shift back left and right.
And that's where you're going to be doing the cross-fading.
That's your cue to move the cross-fader, kind of like
if you've ever played it, Scratch or was it Crackin' DJ,
very similar to that.
And then also, they've got in the center
is going to cue when you or give you
the cue when you can do the different sound effects
and change your actual effector dial.
And then finally, the far right, the blue,
is going to also have your cues for scratching.
And I think that might also be able to go
on the different tracks altogether.
I'm not sure if it's just limited to those.
But basically, you have to hold down those keys
while you're doing the scratching, cross-fading stuff.
So it's a different style of gameplay
than, say, a Guitar Hero game or Beat Mania.
But it's going to have that kind of same effect.
And then also, all the tracks in the game
are all basically mash-ups, some of the examples
they had in here.
Gorillaz, Feel Good Inc. versus Marvin Gaye,
I heard it through the grapevine.
What?
Chuck Brown and the Soul Searchers,
Bustin' Loose versus The Zombies, Time of the Season,
DJ Shadowmix, because DJ Shadow did a lot of stuff
in the game.
David Bowie, Let's Dance versus KRS-One, Jack of Spades,
DJ Shadowmix.
Nirvana, All Apologies versus Rick James, Give it to Me Baby,
the DJ Shadowmix.
What the hell?
This sounds crazy.
Tears for Fears, Shout versus Air Prayids,
Pean Joe or Peano.
Wow.
No, I know what you're talking about.
Yeah, this is a new single.
Yeah.
And then other artists, they've got
BC Boys Back, Blondie, and Billy Squier
are some other confirmed artists in there as well.
But yeah, the game itself, and actually, I take that back.
It looks like the scratching cues are on all three tracks.
But basically, you're going to have two sets of cues
that you're looking for, button presses and then
actions with the crossfader and stuff.
Just seeing how they're going to do this,
I'm actually more excited now about DJ Hero
than I was Scratch.
Because Scratch is basically kind of a fancy beat mania,
but this looks a lot different.
And it's going to be interesting to see what
you're going to be able to do.
Also, they've got two player mode in this
where you can do the guitars in some of the songs.
And you're also going to be able to hook up a microphone to it
if you want to MC over everything.
Wow.
That sounds interesting.
Yeah, so very cool stuff.
They got the right idea with this stuff.
Let's see if we can get this on mic.
Very interesting.
Are you trying to get Shermie to meow on mic for us?
Oh, her purr?
I don't know what the purr will pick up.
That mic's probably not sensitive enough.
No, it's not coming through.
No.
It's not registering.
But we're trying to get a Shermie cameo.
Definitely, definitely.
I'd say, if anything, go to your bookstore, Barnes & Noble
or whatever.
Just pick up a copy of the new Game of War magazine
or just browse through it.
And at least check out the section
that they have on DJ Hero.
It's actually very interesting seeing
as they haven't shown anything really yet for it.
I'm sure we're going to see a lot more out of E3.
And I think it's going to be really fun to check out.
And yeah, it is another thing you've got to buy,
another instrument.
But looking at this, though, I don't
see how they're really going to add anything
to this beyond just the turntable.
And really, you can't play this game two player
with two turntables yet.
Maybe that's for the next game.
Maybe for the next game.
But right now, it's just one turntable, so.
By the way, the chat is saying I'm on crack
and that they could hear the purr.
So there you go.
Sure need to make a cameo on the show.
Yay.
Although no lights came on on the mixing board,
unless I'm looking at it.
Yeah, I saw the move.
Oh, maybe I just, maybe that knob is in the way.
I can't see it very well.
Anyway.
You said knob.
Yeah, I said knob.
Jamie, your knob's in the way.
Anyway, let's move on.
This DJ Hero game sounds pretty cool.
Definitely probably one of the first things
we're going to check out of E3.
I know that.
One of the things, yeah, definitely.
OK, let's move on to some release dates.
Talk about some of the things that are
going to be coming out soon.
DarkSakura, why don't you start us off with a trip to the UK?
Well, we have a few things.
On the 19th, Warrior Epic for PC,
and then a bunch of stuff for the 22nd.
Big Family Games on Wii, Terminator Salvation for PC,
UFC 2009 Undisputed for Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3,
Bionic Commando for the same two, Pokemon Platinum for DS,
and Steel Princess.
Is this a typo?
I found a typo.
Why?
Is Steel Princess supposed to be as in the act of theft
or as in metal?
As in the act of theft.
OK, never mind, then it's not a typo.
Yeah, it's supposed to be funny, like that.
OK.
So you just, is that like kidnapping the princess,
or what happens there?
No, I think it's the princess is a thief.
Oh, OK, sort of like Zelda?
I'm going to find out.
Maybe.
That was chic.
Like chic?
Well, you know what I mean, same thing.
Same thing.
Oops, spoiler.
Oops.
Oh, no, I did not know that.
Oh, no, because I've never played Smash Bros. Brawl.
Interesting looking puzzle platformer.
Huh, all right.
And you can have a map maker.
It looks cute.
All right, let's move on.
Traveling the world, how about the US?
US, we've got actually quite a bit of stuff
coming out this week.
On PC, Hinterland Orc Lords.
Never heard of that, but could be good, maybe.
Puzzle Kingdoms on the Wii, that's
a rip off of Puzzle Quest, but it's
done by the same developer, so they're ripping off themselves.
So they're ripping off themselves.
Well, that's OK, right?
Yeah, that's all right.
Bionite Commando on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 this week.
No word on PC.
I can't remember if that's coming out at the same time.
Punch-Out this week, big game on the Wii, that'll be fun.
If you're into some movie games, Terminator Salvation.
Is it?
I don't know.
I'm a little skeptical about Punch-Out.
I'm sorry.
I'm derailing the train, but Loki, is it?
Do you really think it's going to be great,
or do you think it's going to be a little cheesy?
I think it's going to be about as good as the first Punch-Out.
I love the first Punch-Out.
Exactly.
And basically, they brought all the graphics up to date,
and they gave you the first Punch-Out again
with some other bells and whistles.
That's all right.
We'll see.
We'll see.
I'm a little skeptical.
I want to demo it before I buy it, that's for sure.
Terminator Salvation coming out on Xbox 360, PS3, and PC,
also done by the same developers as Buy It Commando.
Boom Blocks, Bash Party coming out on the Wii,
kind of a reissue there with extra puzzles.
Tournament Pool coming out on the Wii,
your generic billiards game.
Yu-Gi-Oh!
Stardust Accelerator World Championship 2009.
Here's what Konami's working on.
More Yu-Gi-Oh!
games.
EA Sports Active.
Hey, they sell.
Brand new fitness game from EA, hoping
to capitalize on the whole wheat fit craze.
Although, this does have an elastic resistance band
with it, so you can actually do some pretty good exercises
with it.
Thinking about getting it, but probably won't use it.
Jagged Alliance for the DS.
And talking about an old game ported over.
Rock Band, classic rock track pack coming out
on all four systems.
UFC 2009 Undisputed coming out on PS3 and Xbox 360.
Space Camp coming out on DS and on the Wii.
Like the 80s movie?
No, not based off the 80s movie.
Damn it, why can't it be?
I know, that would be an awesome game.
It's just another party game from Activision, sorry.
You can pretend, I guess.
Poochie Poochie Virus coming out on Nintendo DS.
Is that a sexually transmitted disease?
I don't know.
Yeah.
Yu-Gi-Oh!
Don't sleep with her.
She's got Poochie Poochie Virus.
Yeah.
Yu-Gi-Oh!
It's an STD transmitted by Charo.
Yeah, that's what Charo got on the love boat, Poochie Poochie
Virus.
Then we've got Yu-Gi-Oh's 50s Wheelie Breaker.
Yes, see, this and the last game were actually
part of the new Yu-Gi-Oh series.
It's kind of extreme, so they car battle on motorcycles
while racing.
Extreme Yu-Gi-Oh if you're extremely nerdy.
I don't know.
I can't follow the Yu-Gi-Oh stuff.
Never gotten into the card games.
Party Pigs Farmyard Games.
Yes, it's a barnyard themed sports game
from Destineer who puts out all sorts of crap.
And it will give you swine flu.
It probably will.
This is awesome.
The DS, I Love Beauty.
How about a game called Excuse My Beauty?
That's the game I want to say.
Excuse My Beauty.
Excuse My Beauty, officer.
I'll go over to Arizona, I swear.
If you haven't seen that YouTube,
after you're done listening to the show tonight,
please go to YouTube.
Do yourself a favor and look up Excuse My Beauty.
It's the funniest cops you'll ever see.
And coming along with that, Imagine Makeup Artists.
Awesome.
And that's, of course, on the DS.
Because, of course, you need to be
beauty to be excused.
Exactly.
And then we've got some other cool stuff.
The Munchables, which is coming out on the Wii.
This is the game that's from Namco
that's sort of like Katamari, because there's
a lot of games sort of like Katamari.
But you basically are an alien that's
eating these food themed alien invaders.
And as you eat more of them, you get bigger
and you can eat bigger creatures and so on and so forth.
This is kind of neat.
And let's see here.
Finally, oh, actually, that's it.
Great.
Let's move on to Japan now and talk about the Japanese release
dates, where I mispronounce the release names horribly.
Yay.
Actually, this one will be easy, though.
Mass Effect, I can pronounce that.
That comes out in Japan on the Xbox 360 this week.
That would be the localized version
of Mass Effect, which, of course, came out here
quite a while ago.
But they've taken some time to make
it special for the Japanese.
And that will finally be making its way out this week.
If you're a PlayStation 3 owner, not a lot for you,
except UFC 2009, undisputed, will make its way
to Asian regions, at least, as does Bionic Commando,
but not technically a Japanese release.
You don't get anything on the PlayStation 3 in Japan
locally until next week.
But on the Nintendo Wii, you have Tact of Magic
is a game you have to look forward to.
It is coming out from Nintendo themselves,
is the game.
It is looking to be some type of RPG.
I'm not sure if it's something else.
It doesn't look like it's based off an anime or anything.
I'm not sure if that's something else here.
Not familiar to you, Loki?
The artwork does not look familiar.
I don't know if it's a new IP or what.
But that is coming out on the Wii from Nintendo, Tact of Magic.
But it may not be an anime right now.
Doesn't mean they won't become an anime later on.
Somebody in the chat room may be able to enhance on that.
Nothing on the PlayStation 2.
Either.
However, the Nintendo DS does see a few releases this week,
including Happy Star Band comes out this week,
as well as some new cases and things for the DS
if that's something you're into.
Another simple DS game this time, series number 48.
Wow.
And then, let's see.
Also, Ora ga Ome o Mamoru comes out this week
from Idea Factory, which is an action game.
Something like Protecting Something?
I Will Protect You is the English translation
of that game.
Comes out this week.
Lastly, looking at the PSP, it looks
to be kind of a slow week.
I don't know if we're getting anything on the PSP this week.
Well, you do get SNK Arcade Classics Volume 1.
And Space Invaders Extreme gets a price cut.
So that's some good news on the PSP.
I bet some folks might even import that SNK Classic 1 that
has King of Fighters 94, King of Monsters, Metal Slug,
Last Resort.
I would hope not, since it's already come out.
So there you go.
Well, there might be at least.
We have a couple listeners in Japan.
Maybe they're going to pick that up for their local version.
We'll see.
There you go.
That's what's coming out in Japan.
Let's get back into some gaming news
before we get to the end of part A
with the classic game of the week.
But first, some news.
Dark Sakura has some exciting news, right?
Well, there is an issue of Nintendo Power
Out that's saying that a particular game that a lot
of people have been importing is going to be coming out
in the US, and that is Tatsunoko versus Capcom.
The issue is saying that it is definitely headed out
that Capcom has been attempting to bring it out
to North America.
But I'm still sort of, I mean, then again,
it's Nintendo's official magazine.
Wait, wait, wait.
Nintendo Power, what's that?
I've never heard of Nintendo Power.
That sounds fake.
Well, maybe people are thinking it's a Photoshop picture.
But I mean, this is going to be proven or disproven
in a couple days when the issue actually comes out, right?
Yeah, I mean, we'll find out for sure.
In fact, it says it's page 46.
So look and see if it's page 46.
I'm looking this over, by the way,
just with a very critical eye.
And let me see if I can't make this a little bit larger.
Well, I mean, what was preventing
the game from coming out here in the first place?
Licensing, right?
Because the licensing in the America
lies with all these different companies.
But if they see the demands there,
they're going to let it come out.
Do you think, though, maybe some characters might get cut?
Maybe that's the sacrifice that'll be made.
That would be unfortunate.
Let's hope not.
I don't know.
From looking at this, it doesn't really
look very Photoshopped to me because of the way
that the glare.
The glare on this is far too uniform to be.
It's either expertly Photoshopped or it's real.
I think it's the real deal, but we
need to be prepared for the fact that some of these characters
might be cut.
But that could be good news for some people
because that means they might get
replaced with additional Capcom characters.
Who knows?
I mean, I think we should be prepared to see the character
roster possibly shift slightly.
But we'll see, right?
That we will.
But I'm honestly putting my money on this being legit.
Good.
And now I have to import it.
Hooray.
It's too bad this isn't coming out instead.
What's that?
Someone's photoshopped Kellogg's versus Capcom.
The new age of breakfast.
I've seen that.
Now that would be a game I'd like to play.
That would be a lot of fun.
I would play that.
That was all right.
Tony the Tiger would throw down.
Snap, Crackle, Pop would do like a team attack.
Anyway, moving on.
Moving on.
Some other interesting things.
Oh, wait, wait, wait.
Can I say that real quick?
Yeah.
But you said this before the show tonight, Loki.
We were actually talking about this Tatsunoko versus Capcom.
You said maybe this is something Nintendo
was trying to keep under wraps until E3 to go, see,
core gamers, we heart you.
I'm sure it was.
But as all things with E3, they never stay under wraps.
Because if you tell somebody, they'll
tell somebody untrustworthy.
Like us.
Yes.
Hey, except we're trustworthy sometimes.
When we want to be, yeah.
When we want to be.
Anyways, Pokemon Gold and Silver are being remade.
And that's not a huge surprise.
But yeah.
No time frame, I guess, other than the fact
that it's supposed to be in Japan this fall
and probably coming out here sometime in the spring.
If I remember correctly, the last two games we had it,
like Pokemon Mystery Dungeon Time,
and I forget the other one was.
Anyways, those were both around April, so that'd be spring.
I don't know.
Pokemon's just not my thing.
It's just really not.
I think I'm out of the age bracket for that.
I'm kind of over it, but I'm a little disappointed
it's yet another remake.
I don't know.
I would kind of like to see one of these games on the Wii.
Have you run out of ideas?
I mean.
I would like to see one of these games on the Wii.
And I understand Pokemon was born as a handheld
or what have you, but I don't know.
Or just give us a Pokemon MMO already.
I mean, Pokemon was born to be an MMO.
Couldn't it?
Maybe I'm crazy.
I don't know.
Anyhow, moving on, another game that I guess some were born
to play on the Nintendo Wii, Contra.
It's a brand new version of Contra called Contra Rebirth.
And if you're in Japan, this game already came out.
It came out on May 12.
It was released in Japan for $10.
It's awesome.
Have you heard?
I haven't heard.
Tell us a little bit what the game's like.
No, it's awesome.
It's very 16-bit Contra-ish, but they've
got a bunch of crazy ass levels in there.
Like there's one where you're skydiving
on parts of a broken spaceship and stuff
like that, fighting monsters, and all the typical stuff
that you would see in a Super Nintendo Contra game.
But awesome.
Well, the game does have co-op, just like the original Contra,
but no word yet on when it's going to come out over here
on this side of the ocean.
But I would imagine it's going to come out soon.
Probably just a little bit of localizing time.
Going to chat for some comments, Tora is in chat tonight
and is commenting on the Pokemon story, saying,
Rob, the creators already said Pokemon will never be an MMO.
Well, you know what?
Never say never.
Yeah, pass enough money their way,
and they'll be like, whatever.
Exactly.
Just like, didn't everybody say just a few weeks ago,
Tatsunoko vs. Capcom would never come out in the US, right?
Never say never.
But I mean, I get the point.
But you know, where there's money.
Didn't they also say there'd never be another Katamari game?
Yeah, we saw how long that lasted.
So we'll see.
Technically, it's not new.
I get it.
It's a snowball's chance in hell.
But there's a chance.
There's a chance.
Just a few more stories for you guys
before we get to a little break here tonight.
But first, our Sakura.
Do we get to break things?
Actually, no, not in my house.
Actually, we're at your house.
So yeah, tonight we can.
Let's start with the Dalek up there.
No.
See?
Stop.
That's our new mascot, by the way, is Dalek Sec.
Because the ferret's at the OLR Studios, so.
See?
Anyway.
Oh, god.
Doesn't quite have the charm of the ferret.
Not quite as charming as the ferret.
I had to.
Kind of annoying.
I kind of wish I could be exterminated for real.
Anyway.
So new game coming out for the iPhone, which makes me happy
because it's one of my favorites,
and I have to think about getting it now,
is Dick Doug Remix.
It is out for $5.99 on the iTunes App Store.
And you have a D-pad and a flick mode.
The flick will let you fling dirt around
by flicking your finger on the screen and what?
I'm just laughing at the concept of taking dirt around
with your finger.
Now with enhanced moving dirt technology.
And you have enhanced shovels so you
can dig faster and balloon blocks to protect you
from falling rocks.
And hey, it looks pretty fun.
It's definitely got big air pumping power.
So yay.
The chat room is commenting on the Dalek being a new mascot.
Brad from Pod Culture is suggesting
Capcom versus Dalek versus ferret.
And Act F adds on to that versus Clicky.
So somebody needs to hit up Mujin quick.
We'll just dump Shermie on them and they'll all die.
All right.
Shermie will cute them to death.
He'll purr them to death.
All right, moving on.
Loki, what do you got for us?
Well, I've got some interesting information.
Of course, right around the corner, we've got BlizzCon.
And I really heard this week tickets went on sale.
And of course, they sell out very fast.
And this probably is not helping slow that down any.
But Blizzard has confirmed that the special pet
you will get for attending BlizzCon
will be the Grunty the Marine Murloc.
Yes, it's Murloc dressed up like one of the Space
Marines from StarCraft.
And there are people that will pay lots of money for it.
Yes, in fact, some of the tickets
have already gone out on eBay already,
which is not a surprise.
And hopefully you were there early
to get your tickets for the first round
because they sold out within 30 minutes.
I didn't talk to Extifer.
I didn't see if he got his ticket.
I know he was trying to go.
I don't think he's going to go.
He said he didn't want it because the tickets are $125
now.
Oh, dang.
Wow.
Yeah.
And he was trying to get me to go.
But he doesn't want me to go to Penny Arcade Expo.
He says I should go to BlizzCon instead.
But dude, Seattle.
And Penny Arcade Expo is kind of awesome.
BlizzCon's too limiting for me.
But if you can't afford to go to BlizzCon
and you don't get a ticket, you can, however,
for the first time, watch the event on DirecTV
or online for $39.99.
So I should pay an additional $40 to the company.
I'm already paying $15 a month too.
Hey, well, if you want to see all the stuff that
will be covered probably on other press sites.
It will be on the internet in 30 seconds
after it's on this channel.
Wow Insider, one of those wow sites.
There's a billion of them out there.
Not even 30 seconds.
They will be live blogging that shit.
Have you ever noticed that all the top podcasts right now
on iTunes, like if you look at gaming, almost half of them
are Warcraft podcasts.
I'm like, dude, if we wanted to be super famous,
we'd just talk about Warcraft all the time.
Because that's apparently what makes
you popular on the internet.
Just kind of surprised me.
I thought it would be way too saturated for Warcraft podcasts.
But they do very well.
Which, by the way, reminds me, be kind.
Rate us a five in iTunes.
They have a new rating system now.
Even if you've written a review for the show,
you can go back and rate the show five stars.
And by the way, thanks so much to those
that have already done it.
Because we are on page one right now of the podcast.
That makes us very happy.
Because word of mouth's all we got
to spread the word of the show.
So that's all we ask.
Thank you.
So let's see.
Tora, by the way, in chat is mentioning something
about Nintendo Power and the whole Capcom vs. Tatsunoko
thing.
Let me read this.
My ex has scans of the Nintendo Power talking
about Capcom vs. Tatsunoko.
There's three characters missing from the roster.
Two of them don't have licensing over here in the States.
He's sending them to me now, ha ha.
So that doesn't surprise me at all.
That's kind of what we were saying earlier,
is that prepare that there might be some roster changes.
But they'll try to sell it to you.
They'll add more stuff back in.
We'll see.
We'll see.
OK.
Anyhow, so BlizzCon.
Yeah, I don't know.
I think I'm going to pass this year in favor of just reading
about it on the internet.
There's $125 for a pet or even $40 for the pet.
No, thank you.
I mean, wow is cool and all, but it's not that cool.
Also, what is that cool?
You know who is that cool?
Steve Weeby.
He is that cool.
And some companies are willing to pay more than $40
in the name of Steve Weeby.
In fact, Stride Gum apparently is
going to be spending $10,001 in quarters.
That's a year's supply of the world's longest lasting gum,
is their little tagline for Stride Gum,
if Steve Weeby accomplishes the task
of taking over the Donkey Kong world record at this year's E3.
So apparently, what's going to happen,
the reward will be paid.
If Weeby does beat Billy Mitchell's record score,
then apparently Stride is going to provide him
with a year's supply of the world's longest lasting gum
and $10,001 in quarters.
Huh.
So I have the names of the people cut
from Tatsunoko versus Capcom.
Oh, who's that?
It was Ibuki, Joe the Condor, and Nero.
Hm, there they are.
Well, you know, again, it was probably a licensing thing,
but does this mean maybe Capcom characters will replace them
or just get used to it?
I didn't hear who.
I said Ibuki, Joe the Condor, and Nero.
So what are you QQing about over there, Darusakura?
Dude, Joe's awesome.
All right, more to come on the whole King of Kong debacle,
which still goes on to this day at E3.
But for now, more news.
There's a game that I have been banging myself in the head
over trying to make myself understand and remember
that much Japanese to be able to play it properly.
And I've kind of hit an impasse.
But Ragnarok DS.
Well, thankfully, I won't have to give myself a migraine
every time I try to play it.
And it's a fun game, don't get me wrong.
I love it.
I'm all like, yeah.
But XSeed is having a match-up with Gung Ho Works
to bring Ragnarok Online DS out in the winter.
So that makes me happy.
Pourings for all, yay.
I just know the first town you have to go
is Prontera, just to let you know.
But I love the game.
And especially for people who, like me,
have been playing RO for like ever.
Addict.
I haven't touched the game in a month and a half, Rob.
I haven't touched WoW a lot lately.
You'd be proud of me.
Well, I've just been so busy.
It's not that I don't want to play WoW.
I just kind of had other stuff going on.
I've had way too much to do.
But the whole part of the game, the story of the game
is that you play a guy named Ares, who meets this girl.
And she's a job class that does not exist in the game at all.
But she's there.
And you have to, she's lost her memory.
And you have to help her, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
You can change the rest of your job and everything.
But it's pretty much RPG with RO flavor.
Now, Death Wishing in Chat at chat.orangetraday.com,
live on this Sunday night, is sharing
that he could never get into Ragnarok.
Because there was no quest, and he likes quest-based MMOs.
So does this DS game kind of add the whole quest element?
I don't know what the hell you're talking about.
They're not being quests.
Because there's quests aplenty in RO.
Is that something they added later?
Because it seems like when I was playing like years ago,
they didn't have them.
Rob, you were playing with me in the beta.
I know.
It was years ago.
So they have them now, though.
Yeah, dude, there's even a quest.
And it's like a really simple, easy, stupid quest
where you get a bajillion experience points just
for doing it.
And you've got the ones that give you experience points,
the ones questing for items.
Especially the questing for items,
that's how you get some of the really rare crap in the game.
I have to admit, there's a tiny, tiny part of me,
just very, very tiny, but a tiny, tiny part of me
that kind of wants to go back and check out RO.
Play on the server I play on.
But there's also a tiny, tiny part of me
that wants to do the same for Final Fantasy XI.
Play on the server I play on.
But I also know my guildies in WoW
would kill me in the face if I did something like that.
And I don't want to be killed in the face.
Play Ragnarok with me.
It's free.
We'll see.
Play on the server I play on.
We'll see.
I don't have time for more crack right now.
I'm a busy boy.
We'll see.
Maybe after E3 when things settle down a little bit.
We'll see.
All right, just a couple more stories for you guys.
Then we got the Classic Game of the Week coming up.
Well, the Classic Game Flashback is now
available on the App Store for your iPhone or iPod Touch.
However, there's something a little interesting about it.
The game itself is $4.99.
And it's basically a port of the Amiga version.
However, apparently Pocket Gamer has done a report on the game.
And they said that basically you're paying for an emulator.
And then the ROM is downloaded independently
using the emulator, I guess.
And so because of that, it's not exactly designed for the iPhone.
And it's kind of wonky as far as the controls go.
Uh-oh.
Another Mega Man 2.
Yeah, I was going to say, sadly, there's
been a couple of those on the iPhone,
hasn't there, where there have been emulators.
Not just on the iPhone.
You kind of get the sense that maybe on Xbox Live
you get a lot of that too, where it's just
you're basically paying $5 for an emulator in the ROM.
Well, hell, that is what you're paying for on the Wii.
But it's a little different.
Because Nintendo put out the Wii and Nintendo
put out all those games.
So a little different.
Anyhow, one more story for you guys.
And it has to do with a really funny guy.
I don't know if you ever watched The Soup, which is a show on E,
but it's awesome.
It's hosted by a guy named Joel McHale, who's pretty funny.
And yes, this does tie into video games.
Because Joel McHale is apparently
going to be giving the Ubisoft press conference this year
at E3.
Interesting.
He also was appearing live in LA that same week.
Oh, funny.
On the 6th.
Or wait, wherever that Friday is.
Well, I'm sure that show tapes in LA too.
So it's probably just roll out of bed and into the show
for him, you know what I mean?
So that's pretty cool, though, that he's
going to be doing that E3.
Apparently, you will be able to watch the whole thing yourself
the next day.
It will be available on Ubisoft's website.
That's pretty cool.
I plan on doing it.
Absolutely.
If we can't get tickets in person,
because they hating on the independent media.
I think that's actually the day before I arrive.
Oh, bummer.
Bummer, bummer.
All right, it's time.
We're finally going to get into the classic video
game of the week.
That's right.
We'd like to take some time on the show
every week to dig into the archives.
And Dark Soccer digs into her vault.
And now I have seen the vault. It's a very impressive vault.
And she pulls out one game that she
thinks you guys should pay some respect to.
So it's time to pay me tribute.
Pay her tribute.
Pay her classic game tribute.
The classic of the week.
What should the kids be playing this week, Dark Soccer?
Pac-Man.
Well, now that's a classic.
Yeah.
And actually, it was suggested to me by Sauce.
So I thought it was actually very, very, very a good one
to put in there.
And really, a whole year plus of doing this segment,
and you've never done Pac-Man.
Amazing.
Nope.
This is Pac-Man.
Basically, if you don't know how to play Pac-Man,
then you've been living with your head under the dirt
forever.
For decades.
Basically, it's a maze game.
You play as a little circular guy
who runs around eating dots.
And he's chased by ghosts.
And if you eat a big dot, you can chase the ghost.
Did you get Chermey to talk?
Hey, baby.
Hey, radio.
Not kiddie.
Yeah, Chermey on mic now.
So anyway, really what I wanted to bring up
about this is the Pac-Man franchise,
which has gone kablooey.
Also, it is possible to get a perfect game of Pac-Man,
but it was only done by the world's biggest asshole, Billy
Mitchell.
And there also was an eight-year-old boy
who, in 1982, made it through the split screen level, which
is basically what happens when it basically gets over more
than what the memory of the game can handle,
because it just basically recalculates every time
it goes through.
So the game was actually made by Namco, brought up
by Midway in America.
And the way that the name of the game
came around was from a Japanese phrase, paku paku taberu.
Paku paku is the sound the mouth makes
when open and closed right away.
I never do that.
So basically, and taberu is to eat.
So basically, the character is supposed
to sort of look like pizza, missing a piece.
So as it came out, it went kind of meh in Japan.
But when Midway grabbed it over here,
it was totally, totally, totally explosive.
It went crazy.
And everyone liked it, because all they really had before
was Space Invaders, that realm.
Yeah, the music's getting a little monotonous here.
So I thought maybe we could switch it up a little bit,
and I'll play something else for the Classic Game of the Week
here.
Well, we can play a little bit of background music here.
OK, anyway.
So also, since Pac-Man made it really, really happy over here,
that also we're able to bring out a few other games,
like Rally-X. And Pac-Man actually
even surpassed Asteroids as the best-selling arcade
game of all time when it was released.
So basically, we can just say that Pac-Man was,
I want to say, the game that really propelled video games
more closer to the mainstream, apart from just
being something for kids.
I remember being little and seeing adults playing it.
I remember playing Pac-Man on roller skates.
Yes, Pac-Man on roller skates.
I remember roller skating to this song
that's playing in the background right now.
That was hardcore.
Well, also, I have somewhere in the vault,
or actually not in the vault, in the garage, a Pac-Man plushie
with the little ghost in his mouth
wearing a t-shirt and everything that came out in the 80s.
You know, I had Pac-Man glasses, the glasses
that they had at Burger King, or was it?
You remember those?
I had the Pac-Man board game.
I remember that.
And I seem to recall there was Pac-Man cereal,
if I'm not mistaking.
And I'm pretty sure I had that, too.
Well, I'll tell you something else
that this might be interesting.
In Japan, it was actually called Pac-Man.
And they changed it to Pac-Man because they
were afraid that vandals were going to change the P to an F,
so it would be Pac-Man.
That's awesome.
You can still find Pac-Man.
I'm not sure they did in ROMs somewhere.
Sure.
You can still find Pac-Man machines in Europe,
apparently.
I want a Pac-Man machine.
Now, let's go ahead and talk about sequels.
Well, actually, the different ports.
There was the Apple II series, Atari 2600, Atari 5200,
the 8-bit computers, IBM, the early IBM PC, and television
Commodore 64 NES.
On handheld, we had Game Boy, Sega Game Gear, Neo Geo Pocket
Color, which I have.
Actually, I've got so many versions of this damn game.
Christ, it's only a three-hour show, you know.
There were just all the different versions.
And, of course, we have them all in the Namco Museum,
Xbox Live Arcade.
We've got the Championship Edition.
My favorite to this date is the one on GameCube.
Hi, baby.
Sorry, it's my cat.
Where you play as the ghost.
Stop trying to get your cats to talk during the segment.
Where you play as the ghost trying to catch Pac-Man.
That one was pretty fun.
So, since then, and by the way, I love the little flashing
thing on this article, because the Atari 2600 version sucked.
Sucked.
Sorry.
Yeah, I do have it.
Sequels.
Dude, do we have spin-offs and sequels?
We have Ms. Pac-Man, which Ms. Pac-Man was great.
Um, Super Pac-Man, Pac-Man Plus, Junior Pac-Man, Pac and
Pal, Pac-Man and Chomp Chomp.
I think Chomp Chomp was his dog, wasn't it?
We have Professor Pac-Man, which was an unauthorized one
that Midway created.
Pac-Land, which I've actually got on the PC Engine duo.
By the way, this is for you, DarkSakura.
This is just for you here.
If I can get to it.
Is it a 7-Up commercial?
No.
Even worse.
Far worse.
Oh, fuck.
That's the Atari 2600 version.
Has everybody's ears bleed?
We had Pac-Mania, which is actually a really, really good
follow-up game.
Pac-Man VR, Pac-Man Arrangement, which was in the
Namco Classics Volume 2.
Ms. Pac-Man, Galaga Class of 81, Pac and Party.
Ms. Pac-Man, Galaga, Frogger Classic Combo, Pac-Man 25th
Anniversary, and then Pinball.
We had Mr. and Mrs. Pac-Man, which was created specifically
by Midway.
And we had Baby Pac-Man, another unauthorized one,
which is a game I really want in the collection, even though
it kind of sucks ass to play, because it's a combination
pinball video game.
It actually, I think, was one of the inspirations, I want
to say, eventually, for what gave us the
Pinball 2000 franchise.
Also for console, we had Pac-Attack, Pac-Man 2, Pac in
Time, Pac-Man World, Ms. Pac-Man Maze Madness.
Dude, there's so many different ones.
Pac-Man Carnival this year, multiple home versions, all
kinds of stuff.
So yeah, we have had.
I would have to say that my favorite Pac-Man game in the
series, overall, just as far as fun to play, is Super Pac-Man.
That's what I was just loading up right now.
I love Super Pac-Man.
That game is so much fun.
And of course, there were clones like Funny Man and
blah, blah, blah.
Now, this was kind of cool.
And I remember reading up on this a while back that there
were a bunch of students that went to Simon Fraser
University, who did Lifesize Pac-Man, who used laptops and
mobile phone GPS to track where the dots were and where
Pac-Man was.
And it is now played regularly in downtown Vancouver.
There's also another one that's Pac-Manhatten, where
Pac-Man is played around Washington Square Park.
And I've actually seen video of that one.
That one's pretty cool.
Actually, they were going to do a Pac-Man movie in 2004.
Crystal Sky Pictures said they were going to do it.
And no.
Thank god, because it would have been terrible.
It was supposed to be $200 million.
And as you heard in the background, there was Pac-Man
Fever, which was just put out for fun.
And it actually made it to number nine on
Billboard Hot 100 charts.
Guinness World Records gave Pac-Man eight records in 2008,
including first perfect Pac-Man game for Billy
Mitchell, asshole, most successful coin-operated game,
largest Pac-Man game for Pac-Manhatten.
Really, it's been sort of a generation-defining game.
And also, Rob, now you have to find this, because we have to
play this.
There was the Pac-Man 7-Up commercial, set sort of to a
modified tune like Betty Davis' eyes.
I would be happy to, but act-deaf is going to have a
coronary if you don't mention Pac-Man Championship Edition.
I did.
Oh, you must have missed it.
Amongst the gazillion other Pac-Man games you mentioned.
Of course, I'm sure you mentioned the Pac-Man animated
series.
Oh, yes.
We'll look at each other.
This is creepy.
This is very creepy.
Only in the Amex.
This is actually on TV.
Yes, it was.
I don't remember ever seeing this.
This is kind of scary.
All right.
Just look down in the chatroom for
what you want us to watch.
Sure, sure.
You see what I mean by the sound of Betty Davis' eyes?
Oh, yeah, I hear it.
Hold on, I'm going to fire up my favorite Pac-Man parody
while Jamie finishes up the game.
Oh, I'm pretty much done.
But yeah, Pac-Man.
OK, this is my favorite frickin' Pac-Man
parody they ever had, OK?
This is like the best thing ever.
Here we go.
Math Man, your mission is?
Math Man is not here.
Oh, where is he?
He's in the math room.
OK.
Mr. Glitch, your mission is to eat all the pentagons on the
board and no other polygons.
When you encounter a polygon, you'll have to be
health-free to make her to see.
Thank you very much.
End of discussion.
There is no further debate.
Math Man was the greatest.
Forget that 7UP commercial.
Math Man was the bomb.
All right.
That's it.
We're going to take a break now here on
Orange Lawns Radio.
And if you're listening on the podcast, the good news is you
only have to wait like 10 seconds.
For those of you listening live, we need a moment to
stretch and refill our drinks and so forth and have a little
break here in studio.
But we'll be back in just a few more minutes here with
more of Orange Lawns Radio and some stories coming up.
Xbox 360, we've barely touched on what's going on in
Microsoft's world.
Their whole damn E3 lineup might have just
leaked to the internet.
We'll discuss what's been leaked and if it carries any
weight or not.
We'll be back in a little bit with more
of Orange Lawns Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lawns Radio on this
lovely Sunday evening, May the 17th of 2009.
We tape live every Sunday here at All Games Radio.
That's www.allgames.com.
We follow the Bobby Blackwolf Show at Roughly.
See, we're amateur radio.
We can't speak right.
Bobby Blackwolf.
The Bobbily Bobbily.
Jeez, Louise.
OK, the Bobby Blackwolf Show.
Which is at Roughly 6 o'clock Pacific Standard Time, 9
o'clock Eastern Time every Sunday night, right here on
All Games Radio.
It's a fun time, so you should definitely tune in.
Anyhow, we've got more gaming news to get back into.
It's myself and Loki and Dark Soccer all joining you on this
lovely evening.
And I was just thinking, how funny would it be if somebody
didn't get the memo that we moved studios tonight and was
showing up at the old studio unannounced?
Funny for us, not for them.
Yeah, I know exactly.
Funny, not funny.
All right, we have some Xbox 360 news to get
into right now.
Loki.
Apparently, there's a new Xbox exclusive coming.
And this is coming from a new company that Microsoft has
purchased, Big Park.
And apparently, they're responsible for such
franchises, or at least they had a hand in it, for Need
for Speed, SSX, and NBA Street.
And this new game, though, is supposed to be something that
will broaden audiences and will be playable at E3.
Huh.
Let me guess.
Could it be something that ties in with that motion
camera that doesn't exist?
That could be like a Wii Sports type of game.
I'm going to guess yes.
That's probably what it's going to be.
Well, that is a completely baseless guess right there.
How dare you, sir?
What do I know?
I'm not an industry analyst.
So I apparently know nothing about this.
What exactly does it take to have the title industry
analyst?
Because maybe I would like to just have that after my name.
Kiss enough ass to get promoted.
Well, I promote myself.
How's that?
At Orange Lawns Radio, I am the industry analyst.
I just promoted myself.
Well, you have to be, I guess, on call with big companies
and have to make a, or have to be on call with big companies.
Or help them make decisions.
I don't know.
I can do that.
I'd be good at that.
Whatever.
All right.
Well, anyhow, moving on with some other gaming news.
By the way, I forgot to mention it at the top of the hour.
But we are going to still be giving away that Smile DK
signed copy of PlayStation 2 DDR Supernova 2.
We're going to give that away in a little while.
We'll probably do it around, yeah, we'll
do it around the mailbag segment a little later this hour.
Anyhow, we got some news from Q Entertainment
has filed a trademark.
Now, of course, you know I love me some Q Entertainment.
They're the folks that put out Luminous.
And let's see, they put out, well, they put out Luminous.
Res.
No, I'm just kidding.
Yeah, they res every extend extra.
If you want to trace back Mizuguchi,
who's behind Q Games, he did such great things
to Space Channel 5.
99 Nights?
Yeah, well, we just overlooked 99 Nights.
Hopefully, this game is going to be amazing.
It's called Guardian Hearts, is the name of the trademark.
Now, you want to keep in mind, this is just
a trademark that's been filed.
Nothing is definitely concrete about this yet.
We don't know.
It could, you know, games sometimes change names
and so on and so forth.
However, I hold out hope that somehow Mizuguchi
got the rights to make the sequel to Guardian Legend,
and it's called Guardian Hearts.
That's what I'm holding out for.
Not bloody likely.
Yeah, not bloody likely.
But it does sound, it doesn't sound a little role playing-ish
to you.
Doesn't it?
Like a little bit?
Like, Guardian Hearts kind of sounds role playing-ish.
Or magical girl game.
So, well, that could be fun too.
But either way, you know, I love Tetsuya Mizuguchi,
so I would be very happy if he's doing a role playing game,
as long as it's not like 99 Nights.
But there you have it.
Guardian Hearts possibly coming soon.
Who knows?
Maybe as soon as E3, but don't hold your breath.
Well, Telltale has some new episodic series for E3.
They are, um, well, they're not saying what it is,
but then again, these are the people that gave us Sam & Max
and Showing Bads Cool Game for Attractive People
and Wallace & Gromit.
But it's also going to commemorate, as far as I'm aware,
the fifth year anniversary for the company,
which is pretty cool.
Especially making it while the market's gone to shit.
So, um, hopefully it'll be something really cool.
I'm sure it will.
Everything they've put out so far, you know, recently has been pretty cool.
And also, um, for, uh, uh, people who like a good deal,
the entire season of Strong Bads Cool Game for Attractive People
is half price on Steam until Monday.
Yikes. Better hurry.
Yep.
That's pretty cool.
All right.
Well, uh, I know I'm, uh, I'm curious to see what they cook up next.
That company's been doing very well.
You're right.
I think one point you made there is they've been doing pretty well
in the face of a company's closing and so forth.
Day of the Tentacle! Day of the Tentacle! Day of the Tentacle!
Uh, don't hold your breath, but you never know.
You never know.
It's the only Luke Starts franchise-
Well, one of them that they haven't touched yet.
Day of the Tentacle! Come on!
That's what we need.
More Maniac Mansion.
Um, anyways.
So, I don't know.
Other than, uh, Day of the Tentacle, what more can we talk about?
I know!
How about the supposed, and this is all rumor, lineup for a Microsoft press conference?
Apparently, there is a new industry source, or somebody that's claiming to be an industry source,
in tradition of Surfer Girl, who apparently has gone into retirement from leaking information.
Um, Game Fork. This is coming from Twitter.
And they have been tweeting about different things coming from the Microsoft press conference.
Um, including-
So it's not like your normal Twitter where it's like,
I just ate a ham sandwich and it was delicious.
No, it's not.
BRB pooping.
Not quite.
By the way, if you want to join the OLR Twitter, we don't put Twits like that.
We just like to remind you when the show is live and post other little tidbits about the show,
but we will not share when we are pooping like other people do on Twitter.
Like you have time to type that, if you gotta go, you gotta go.
Unless you lie about it.
But you can, you know, instead of reading a magazine, you could Twitter from the potty,
and I've seen, I've actually, I have a friend that has updated her Facebook status
to say, hi, I'm on the toilet.
Nice.
That's the day and age we live in.
Well, um, apparently, uh, here are some of the things that were on that list.
Starting off with, of course, they're going to reveal a new motion sensing camera controller.
It's going to be called the Xbox Fluid.
Um, apparently they're going to end the whole thing with a finale.
And I don't know if I can believe this, but Metal Gear Solid 4 Plus Oxide.
It's apparently a rumor of the X, or a Xbox 360 port with, you know, kind of that
extra added content on there.
You were right.
That's apparently going to be their finale.
And then, there's supposed to be a top secret exclusive Xbox 360 tile that nobody outside
of Konami has been told what this is.
Yet, this guy knows what it is.
But, I have a feeling that that might be the new Castlevania game, since they haven't
really shown much of that.
Ooh!
That's right!
We haven't had one on the new Next Gen series, have we?
They had a little preview video.
That's right!
It was like two seconds of nothing.
Yeah.
Interesting.
Okay.
So there might be that.
The second Grand Theft Auto 4 download content was supposed to be announced and being subtitled
Blood and a Four Leaf Clover, which may follow the other character that was in the game,
Packey, and his brothers as they try to pull off a bank heist or something like that, because
that was in the game.
Interesting.
The new Peter Milano project, codenamed Richter, is supposed to be shown.
They're going to show some stuff about Forza 3, that's going to be playable.
Alan Wake is going to be there, as well as APB, which is going to be announced, available
for the Xbox 360, I'm assuming, unless they're going to be covering games for Windows there.
Splinter Cell Conviction will be on hand, Lost Planet 2, Assassin's Creed 2, Bioshock
2, Halo 3 ODST, which is not surprising.
And then, I think that was it, but it's interesting because of course Microsoft responded back
with, no that's not even close to what we have, but I guess we'll have to see if that's
actually, I mean some of this stuff could be educated guesses, I mean everyone's assuming
that Alan Wake will be there, obviously they're going to have the new Grand Theft Auto download
content since it's due out in the fall.
But seriously, Blood and a Four Leaf Clover?
Like, that's a very interesting title for a game.
Yeah, it is interesting, although it doesn't really fit with what everyone was thinking
the next game's going to be, because basically there's a mission where you have this drug
deal and there's three people involved.
The first one being Nico from the first game, the second one being Johnny from the second
download content, and then the third one is some other guy who they're thinking is going
to be the third download content, and it's all supposed to merge on that one mission.
But, I don't know, we'll see I guess what happens there.
Interesting nonetheless though, and Rockstar did say that they are going to announce the
next download content, so I mean we kind of figured that was going to happen anyways,
but they didn't confirm that that's the subtitle that they had.
So, and then the guys behind APB said yes, they will be at E3 with a big announcement.
So, a lot of stuff just hints at that, but see then again you can take all those hints
and kind of come up with educated guess.
I don't know, but the point is, you know, why fake, you know, these announcements or
something other, I don't know.
Well, I think some of it holds weight.
I think the fluid thing is going to happen.
I think we all know that...
It may not be called the fluid, but you know, it might be something.
Yeah, I think that's a pretty likely name actually, all things considered.
That's, you know, it makes sense, especially if the whole thing is about motion and it
sees everything in little subtle movements and all that.
I bet anything that fluid is a very possible name for this.
Yeah, but we'll see.
actdeft in chat very plainly says MGS4 on 360 ain't happening.
And lazy days follows that up with because Kojima's done.
That is a hard one to believe, but what about now Metal Gear Solid 5?
I don't think they would necessarily have a trailer or anything, but what about an announcement?
I don't think it's going to be Metal Gear Solid 4.
I don't think that's going to come to the 360 because, you know, the amount of data
that's on there, unless they went back and found a way to compress all that down and
stuff like that.
Or if they have a way that you can now with installations and stuff like that, you can
just install all the disks to your hard drive.
And really, I mean, when you think about it, you know, either waiting, you know, five minutes
to install a game or I don't know, making this swap that one time.
Oh my God.
It takes like two seconds.
Is it such a big deal?
I don't think so, but who knows?
All right.
Well, it'll be interesting to see if this actually holds weight at E3 because if it
does, then this whole little Twitter source is going to be huge in the future.
Watch.
They'll blow up to 60,000 followers if it's the case.
Press conference is supposed to be June 1st, 9 a.m.
Tora in chat says, I would gladly disk swap to play Metal Gear Solid 4.
I wish I could be there for the Microsoft conference, but I'm going to be getting into
town on June 1st.
I might get to go to Sony's.
Might.
I'm watching both.
I'm not going to go because I'm not going to even be there.
It's going to be tough.
Anyhow, let's move on and go into Rock Band Unplugged.
Of course, as Loki mentioned a little bit ago, he's got to take a sneak peek at it.
And a lot of people have been taking a sneak peek at the game because the track list is
at the internet.
This game, by the way, is coming out June 9th, 2009, which is right around the corner
from E3 week.
That's all that's hit the internet.
Yeah, well, I bet a lot of folks have already been getting it.
But if you are being a good boy or a good girl and waiting until its actual release
day, some of the things you have to look forward to.
I'm just going to read you some of the songs that are exclusive to Rock Band Unplugged,
at least for a little while.
They do emphasize for a limited time.
AFI, Miss Murder, Audioslave, Gasoline, Black Tide, Show Me The Way, Freeze Pop, Let's
Talk More Rock.
Now, see, I thought that song was in Rock Band.
I thought it was in Rock Band.
I thought it was too, but they're not only an exclusive game, maybe because it was download
content.
I don't know.
Three Doors Down, Kryptonite, Alice in Chains, Wood, Blink-182, What's My Age Again.
Again, wasn't that download content or am I mixing it up with Dammit?
I don't know.
Tora in chat says it's Guitar Hero.
It's a Guitar Hero song.
That's why they're marking it as an exclusive to Rock Band Unplugged.
1970s brings us ABC by The Jackson 5.
That's the other big exclusive song.
The rest of them are all songs you might recognize from the game already, like some of the ones
I personally like.
Float On by Modest Mouse.
That's pretty cool.
Nine Inch Nails, The Perfect Drug, Today, Smashing Pumpkins, I Was Wrong, Social Distortion,
Weezer, Buddy Holly.
It'll be fun.
White Wedding, Billy Idol.
You gotta have some Billy Idol.
Susie and the Banshees, yes, Killing Jar, pretty decent song list.
I don't know, but Loki seems to maybe disagree.
It's okay.
It's something I'd play off and on, but you know, it's not a game I could really get into
like the normal rock band, unless they have, you know, a more variety of download content,
like, you know, some pop songs and that kind of stuff.
Because this, they could do that, but are they?
I mean, ABC, that's definitely Poppy, so we'll see.
Well, don't we have Lego Rock Band to come fill in the pop void?
That's true, but that's another game.
That's not this game.
Lego Rock Band, I am very interested in picking up just, well, after I see the soundtrack,
but I don't know.
Well, speaking of download content, there's going to be download stuff available right
off the bat for this game, and some of the songs have already been announced there.
Now, some of it overlaps with what you can already download.
Actually, I think all of it does.
Muse with Hysteria, No Doubt, Just a Girl, Paramore, Crush Crush Crush, Red Hot Chili
Peppers Under the Bridge.
Some of the, I think all of these songs are already available on regular rock band, but
if you want to pay for it again, you can.
I wish I could get the songs that I have on my rock band over, but I know that's not going
to happen.
Why not?
They'll charge me twice.
By the way, the chat room always filling in the void when we don't know things right off
the bat, off the top of our head, which, you know, hey, look, we know a lot about video
games, but we don't have the brain capacity to know everything about video games.
That's why the chat room really helps us out every week.
Act Def says the only Blink 182 songs are Dammit and All the Small Things.
So I guess What's My Age Again actually isn't in there.
Maybe I'm getting it mixed up with Sing Star, because I have too many music games at home.
I don't know.
So there you go.
Death Wishing calls Lego rock band Lego Fail Band.
We'll see.
Game's got a little while before it comes out.
Does it get hit with the fail pail?
Hopefully not.
That's my hope.
Well, here's something that may or may not be fail.
It just depends.
There's a splash page for a particular game showing up on Xbox.com.
But I'm pretty sure that splash page means actual release.
So that'd be Wolfenstein 3D on Xbox Live.
And I kind of hope that it's given the HD treatment.
But do you really want to shoot HD red-eyed Hitler in the face?
I don't think it's going to be having the HD treatment.
And it makes sense with a new Wolfenstein game coming out in a few months.
That's true.
But I think it'd be nice to give it the HD treatment.
It'd be cool.
I don't think it's going to be cool.
Cool, but not bloody likely.
Yeah, not likely.
I mean, they didn't really do that with Doom or Duke Nukem.
So I don't think they're going to start now.
It'd be kind of...
It'd look weird anyways if he did that.
It'd kind of take away from the cheapness.
Now what they needed to have is Rise of the Triad on there.
Because that'd be sweet.
Yes, a lot better than...
Actually, it would be kind of cool with Wolfenstein if they did it.
It was like co-op or something like that.
That'd be kind of cool too.
But they're definitely not going to do that either.
Well, there's a couple stories I have here about GameTap.
Including, they're going to start featuring some of the Microsoft Game Studios stuff.
Including Age of Mythology, Age of Empires II, Fable, The Lost Chapter, Freelancer,
MechWarrior 4, Mercenaries, Rise of the Nation, and Zoo Tycoon.
And apparently right now, the US and Europe have...
Europe is getting Fable, The Lost Chapter, and MechWarrior 4, Mercenaries, and Zoo Tycoon.
And then also, I guess, US is getting Age of Empires II and Fable right now.
And the rest are going to roll out slowly later.
Which is kind of neat.
And then also, GameTap has apparently the rights right now for Panzer Dragoon Saga.
Sweet!
However, they're running into some emulation complexities.
And haven't been able to release it yet.
But can I say one other thing about my gaming week, since you brought it up?
I tried to get back into GameTap.
I haven't played GameTap since they switched from their little front-end program they used
to browser integrated.
And might I say, I hate it.
I hate the new GameTap.
Like, it took me forever to get it to figure out how to work.
Like, the old one was so much better.
Why did they make it worse?
I guess they were acquired by this new company or whatever, but I don't like it.
Now it feels like I'm going on to, like, a cheap Games.Yahoo site or playing things.
Like, you know, right there in the browser window and all that stuff.
I don't like it at all.
Like, it seems like what they had before was just fine.
I don't know.
You know I used to be a huge GameTap fan.
In fact, people thought I was on their payroll and stuff.
I do not like these changes they've been making lately.
And it kind of, I'm still irritated at the fact that nothing runs in Windows Vista.
This didn't used to bug me because I didn't always use Windows Vista.
But, you know, I understand emulation, blah, blah, blah.
Not everything's possible.
But it's just, ugh, it's annoying.
Well, also, the whole Panzer Dragon thing.
They're all, the complexity of the Saturn emulation is what's holding it back.
I have a perfectly functioning Saturn emulator already, you know.
So it can be done.
And they're all, well, we're not sure if enough people want this game.
So, you know, if we get enough people wanting it, then we'll spend the large
development time that's going to take to do this.
Rama in chat says, run it under XP compatibility.
Does it work?
Look at GameTap's own FAQs.
It'll tell you.
It doesn't work.
I tried that when it was still on the front end system because I can't play Civ 4,
which kind of makes me mad.
I don't know.
I just, I see the value of GameTap kind of going down, not up.
And that's what kind of, you know, I still think it's an all right value.
You know, you do get a lot of freaking games.
And at least you're paying for it.
So you have that whole good karma thing going on instead of just being a maim
whore with all the ROMs.
And there's some decent stuff on there.
But damn, they've got some work to do.
And I hate the new front end compared to the old one.
I don't know.
It's, I was kind of dumb and bought a whole year in advance, but whatever.
They got you hooked and then changed it.
I get, yeah, exactly.
That's what I feel like exactly is what it is, is that they got me hooked on
something that was pretty awesome.
And then the rug got pulled out from under me.
I do not like the browser setup.
Blah.
Anyhow, one thing I might like a little more than the new GameTap is the slim
PlayStation 3.
That is if rumors are to be believed.
Uh, apparently there are pictures floating around on the blogs this week
of a PlayStation 3 slim.
Apparently what will happen on this PlayStation 3 slim is that instead of
that whole, like, uh, kind of shiny black look, it'll look a little more
like a PlayStation 2.
And, uh, apparently now, instead of having a Spider-Man looking logo, it'll
kind of look just like a PlayStation 2.
Uh, who knows?
Maybe this is just a Photoshop PlayStation 2 box.
But, uh, who knows?
It is rumors.
They actually have pictures of the actual diecast step too.
Do they really?
I mean, I don't know.
It might be a prototype, but then again, they have a box.
So I don't know.
I, I'm a little iffy on this.
It's still, doesn't it still seem a little soon?
Well, not necessarily because if you think about it, remember when we had a
rumor like this for the Xbox 360, that it was getting a built-in HDMI port.
And sure enough, those pictures leaked out of like the motherboard and
everything with the HDMI port in it.
And then we got the systems with the HDMI ports now.
So I'm not surprised this is going to eventually happen.
And maybe it's happening right now.
Maybe they think this redesigns what's going to get people to buy it.
I think they're stupid because it's just like the same, you know, Oh,
let's take out the backwards compatibility.
Oh, let's.
Now take out some of those USB ports.
Oh, let's do this.
Put the backwards compatibility back in.
Maybe you'll now you'll be talking.
But who knows?
I mean, if they're going to, I don't know, but maybe this is why they keep
swearing up and down.
There's not going to be a price drop because there's just going to be
a new system instead.
Who knows?
I don't know if they had the backwards compatibility backyard and
people are going to get pissed, but then again there are some stupid people out there that will buy
another system for this, but I don't understand why you can just buy a Playstation 2.
Maybe that's what they're hoping. People are just going to get fed up and buy another
Playstation 2 or something. I don't know.
Well, there you go. That's it. Sony is supposedly releasing a slim Playstation 3.
We will see more at possibly E3 this week. But you know what? I don't know about you guys,
but all these rumors running around left and right, it seems like anybody can come up with
a rumor in this day and age. And not being able to sort all this shit out makes me a
little angsty. Do you know what happens when we get angsty?
People die. That, and there's a nephews of the week segment.
My nephew is going to go to finals sapping my brain, my strength, my willpower, and any
ounce of energy I could possibly have. I just want to pass, and I want to take a break.
My nephew uses a stool, it's hurting my butt. At least it's not the other kind of stool.
Yes, that is true. Do you have a hard stool?
I do have a hard stool right now. Ew, you should put that on Twitter.
Let's see, my nephew of the week goes to, I don't really have a lot. You know what?
Things are actually going pretty good in my life right now. I can't complain. Chicago
was fun. Make up something.
No, I do have one. But I just want to say, you know what? All things are actually pretty
good except, a few to my broken air conditioner. Because living in a house with no air conditioner
in 100 degree weather sucks. So a few to that. But thank you to people like Jamie who let
me come over and sit in their air conditioned house all night.
Actually, now that it's gotten cooler outside, this room is a lot more comfortable.
Yeah, it's nice now. So there you go. But yeah, not having an air conditioning really
sucks. Anyway, what sucks a little less is your emails. You email us every week at mailbag
at orangelaundry.com and DarkSakura dives head first in the email bag and read some
of your emails. And yes, we're also going to be giving away a signed autographed copy
of Smile DK signing Supernova. We did have people get all five right. I'll tell you right
off the bat, if you didn't get all five right, sorry, you didn't win. Play again next time.
But we did have several people that got all five and we're going to be telling you who
won right after the email bag segment.
DarkSakura, who's sending some email to mailbag this week?
The first one is from, let's see, Taz. Hey there, this is my first email to the OLR mailbag
and I want to suggest a retro game if it hasn't already been on the show already. Redundant.
The game is Live Alive, an RPG from Squaresoft for the Super Famicom. I know about this game.
It was not released outside of Japan, but some unofficial translations are out there
in the net. The real title is sort of a mirror image of Live Alive as with the other lives
spelled backwards where you see evil in the second half rather than live. I thought this
game had one of the most original ideas for a game to date. You select one of seven playable
characters and each character belongs to a different time period and has his or her own
story for the story play like a complete, all stories play like a complete, a completely
different RPG and they're short and easy to learn. For example, the caveman stories about
a caveman saving his love because they haven't invented the language. There are no text box
speeches in the story, but they communicate with figures in dialogue bubbles. Hilarity
ensues. Some of the stories have a much darker tone as others may make you cry. I'm sorry,
and others may make you cry. I really enjoyed the story for the robot in the future, which
plays like a survival horror. I suggest anyone who likes retro RPGs pick up this title. I'm
sure Square won't mind any more about the translated ROM. It'd be awesome if they add
this game to a virtual console. I'd buy it. P.S. My also favorite RPG is Secret of Mana
followed by Xenogears and Chrono Trigger. All are must plays. I'll give it a download.
If I have time, I'll give it a download. So sure. Yeah, I've not heard of this game ever,
but it sounds very interesting. So that's all I got. I like listener submitted classic
games of the week. They know more obscure shit than we do sometimes. I know of this
game. Do you really? Yes. I've never heard of it. In fact, I think I know someone who
owns it. Wow. Um, oh, yeah, this is, never mind. Um, this is from, uh, FrozenRay? I really
don't like it. Oh, GS68, sorry. Um, hey Jamie, hey Loki, hey Robrobrob. So by the time you're
reading this, your business at ASIN is done. I hope that went well. You've been hyping
that up, but no mention of Faname, which has led me to believe you're not going this year,
most likely subsequent years, which means, once again, I'll be the only active OLR listener
at Faname. Since I'm rather sure OLR at Faname is not going to happen, I'm going to make
a bet, if you do go to Faname after all, I will make myself cosplay as Rei Ayanami, oh
my god, don't, at Faname 2010, and that means the whole universe is going to die. Yes, they
will. I'll also consider a scheme to get Eye of Judgment to sell a million copies by May
2010, so Loki also has to cosplay a tingle at the con. It's never going to happen because
I think they've stopped making it, so, it's done. It's done. If you don't go to Faname,
then I hope to see Dark Sakura, um, and maybe, maybe Rob at California Extreme this July
is possible. That is more likely than Faname. I do want to confirm, just, uh, we did not
make plans to attend Faname this year, nothing against Faname, it's a lovely con, but just
so much other stuff going on. I'm actually trying to save up money to go to Las Vegas
in July. For me, I had stuff going on with, um, you guys know I do some theater stuff
on the weekends, and I just had a conflict, so, um, I couldn't do it. But I hope those
of you guys that are going have a lot of fun. Less than 3 GS68 PS, this email is brought
to you by the South Bay Home of the Never Ending Overcast Weather. However, California
Extreme I have never been and I really want to go, and this is my year of going to things
I haven't done before. It's fun. I know, so, I went to ASEN, I've, how many years did it
take for me to finally get there, like 4 years? So, uh, maybe I'll do California Extreme finally.
Well, I hope you don't have, you know, my experience of, you know, waiting 3 years to
do something and then it finally sucking when you do it. What was that? Tower of Terror.
Oh, hey, I love Tower of Terror. It, it freaked me the hell out. I can't do it ever again.
Aww, it's fun. I heart it. I'm actually trying to go to Disneyland 1-3. I've been in an elevator
when it fell 2 stories. I know, that can't be fun. And you know what? Mmm. Marissa was
saying that it's the first part that scares you, that the whole story part was the scary
part and the psyching you up. Oh no, the drop is the scariest part. Oh no. The lead up was
fun. I loved all that. But the dropping, I was like, yeah, I remember this feeling, only
this is worse because it's pushing you. So yeah. I want to say, chat real quick, chat.orensonshortory.com.
Tora says, it was fun meeting Rob at ASEN. Thank you, it was fun meeting you too. Though
he looked kind of out of it on Saturday. Yeah, again, did you hear the part about 9 people
in the hotel room? That was the cocaine. Shut up. Cocaine's a hell of a drug. And then somebody
who didn't change their name, their recruit number 3972 says, what about Comic Con? I
would love to go to Comic Con and Miss Victoria has been begging me. I don't know if you remember
her. She was on the show a while ago when Jamie was out one week. She'd been begging
me to go to Comic Con, but this year it's not going to happen because we're going to
see no doubt the same weekend. I want to go to Comic Con just to, you know, harass my
favorite Marvel people if they're there. I want to go one year because you run into celebrities
all the time there and I'm dying to meet Zachary Quinto because he's dreamy. But anyway, maybe
next year. This email, dun dun dun. Hi, OLR crew. I just wanted to say after your last
show, my girlfriend and I went to Safeway and bought three pounds of bacon for eight
bucks and made bacon and pancakes for her mother on Mother's Day. It was very delicious
and it was even more delicious knowing I was helping save Americans from idiots who think
swine flu comes from cooked pork meat. You, sir, are American of the week. Thank you very
much. Round of applause, please. Who is this emailer? AZHP. AZHP. You, sir. I'm actually
a model citizen. I've actually been trying to think of my next big thing that I'm going
to do. And because, you know, it is the summer and, you know, ice cream stuff, we had this
where we do these questions of the week type thing and they're all what custom ice cream
flavor would you want? And no, not baking, because that's I mean, seriously, that tastes
like crap. I mean, you just can't. So I don't know. I don't know. Something baking cannot
make sense. I'm buying it up, but candies, bacon, ice cream, ice cream recipe. No, that's
not good. But I thought of a waffle breakfast ice cream. Follow me. Oh, my God. This sounds
amazing. Follow me with this. Waffle ice cream? You have waffle ice cream comb bits in there
mixed in there, maple syrup, vanilla ice cream. And because you have to and I know this probably
would not be good, but a little bit of butter dripped in there, you know, just because you
need that butter flavor. Otherwise, you might be able to mix it with the maple syrup. Oh,
I thought about waffle ice cream and I jizzed in my pants. Wow. Oh, I see it's the alcohol
in here that makes us good. But I wonder if like if I brought like maple syrup and butter
to like a cold stone or something like that, they could do that. Candied bacon ice cream.
Hitstun in chat says this is why you're fat. Because I think of stuff. How rude. Oh, he
followed it up with dot com. There is a website called this is why you're fat dot com. It's
great. I'm also posting. It's dot com. That on my own Twitter, the candied bacon ice cream.
There you go. All right. More emails. Sorry, we got to finish our all American email. Yes.
P.S. Oh, no, there's more. Also, Dark Soccer mentioned on a podcast a few weeks that she
enjoyed the Toy Story ride very much. I rode this ride back in July after a trip to Anime
Expo and I thought it was awesome as well. I don't know if it will make your show roll
this week, but the game is slated to be released on the Wii in some form soon. I didn't know
that. I have heard this. I have heard this and I have a friend who loves Disney and is
going to be probably buying a Wii just to this day. The video is on the Internet already.
Oh, my gosh. I want to I hear it's going to have 3D glasses. I was actually I was actually
too stunned by another Wii release that I'll be covering later in the show to think about
that. Everyone I'm looking forward to this game is I love the ride, but the line was
atrocious. That's why you go right before park closes. No line. You get in the line
and they close off the line. Anyway, love AZHP. P.S. I typed this all up on my palm
tree or cell phone just to prove that you can write a grammatically correct email without
the presence of a full keyboard. This is as I look it up. Yes, very well done. You're
due to be commended. All American with good grammar. You're just like the citizen of the
week. Honestly, you win a shiny gold star. There you go. Last email. Can we can we have
like maybe a wiki page gold star email recipients? Yeah. I mean, we should have something where
someone make it like a special club for people who send just a plus quality emails and AZHP
is the first inductee. Yes. Someone make it. I mean, my God. Bacon, grammar, everything
all in one. You make it. I choose you. There you go. Okay. Last email. This is from Clone
627. Hi, O.L.R. I've noticed that the biggest argument against the game against what game?
I've noticed that the biggest argument against the game has been that it's too soon. But
oh, didn't Army of Two start with the September 11th attack? So it's too soon for mutual war,
but not too soon for terrorist attack that killed tons of civilians. Just a thought.
And I apologize if any spelling or grammar problems. My power is out and I'm typing this
on the iPhone. Sorry, you've just been owned by AZHP. Just letting you know that you've
been you've been owned. Grammar has two A's. This must be about six days in Fallujah. I
don't really think it's been two. I mean, I don't really care to be honest, you know,
with how soon it was. I think we were just saying this too soon. That's probably why
they pulled it. You know, honestly, I wouldn't play it anyways, because it's it doesn't look
good. I mean, it might be good if you want to play that type of thing. But I don't know.
We don't know Konami for you. They're epic war games.
Do you remember how Manhunt 2, that game kind of generated all this controversy? It was
like every week we had some goddamn story about Manhunt 2 and what country banned it
this week. And then the game came out and it sucked. Yeah, I'm kind of reminded of that.
You know, it's hard to say. I can't judge it till I play it. Six Days of Fallujah is
not my type of game anyway. But I'm just saying, just because the game's always getting that
buzz doesn't mean it's going to be worth it. Just saying.
Well, I lied. There's one more email. It's a doozy.
All righty.
Hey, y'all. I had to say it the right way, you know. First of all, thank you, Rob, for
getting the last podcast up in an expedient manner. I look forward to this being a trend
and not an isolated occurrence. Thanks again.
Well, look at you, Mr. Big Words.
What if it's a Ms. Big Words?
Fair enough. You're in the way.
It actually is a Mr. Big Words.
All right.
Loki, congrats on the twins and thank you for your statement of not wanting to name
your children after characters that populate one of your hobbies. I have-
Yet.
I have-
It ain't over till it's over.
Let me read. I have an uncle, a wrestling fan, who named his kids Austin and Hunter
and he never hears the end of it. I know who he named him after, too, which is sad. Steve
Austin and Triple H.
Oh, my God. Yeah, not doing that.
I'm sure that if you act in the way that my uncle did, the ribbing will be exponentially
worse. After all, there are lots of jackasses online, including this ginger kid who thinks
he writes a hilarious blog. And, Jamie, let me join you in your assessment of Silent Hill
3, although I did have to stop playing it near the end after getting overloaded with
the imagery in the game. Oh, God. Hell, yes. Silent Hill 3 stands as one of my favorite
PlayStation 2 games. I only hope that when I get around to playing Silent Hill Homecoming,
it is fractionally as good as Silent Hill 3 and I'm gonna be starting that soon. I've
got your copy still, Rob.
Fun.
Now, while I'm really emailing you, I didn't just message you to kiss your ass. I appreciate
ass kissing, by the way.
I know. You could have just kissed our ass and left it at that. We don't mind.
I noticed something while I was playing Mirrors Edge recently. The first day I played it,
I was getting into the game and looked forward to playing it more. The second day, I played
it and enjoyed it more and more. What's the difference between the gaming sessions? Music.
The first day, I listened to the in-game music, but the second day, I was listening to music
for my iPod, specifically Nine Inch Nails. I attribute this fact to... I attribute this
fact to my enhanced... I think you meant enhanced and not enhanced enjoyment, especially since
I spent the third day I was listening to Dresden Dolls and achieved a similar level of enjoyment.
As I thought back along my history of playing games, I see my music being an integral part
of my enjoyment. Whether it's listening to Social Distortion while playing Left 4 Dead,
Cake, Beck, and Seal while playing Tiger Woods PGA, or Core Metallica and Rammstein while
playing Final Fantasy VIII, the occasional monotony of playing games was eliminated from
me by listening to the music that I love. It makes me wonder how many of us have felt
the same effect. That is the kind of question I pose to you three. I think it might be interesting
to hear the kinds of music you mix with the kinds of games that you play. Actually, just
to say, I usually prefer the in-game music because I think that the games were... I...
This is from being a musician myself. And actually being a person who is actually getting
very much into experience and the identity of something, you know, has really been more
recent transformation. But I think that the music is actually an integral part to the
game. It's part of what defines the action, part of what ties everything in together.
And yeah, a crap soundtrack can break a game, but it's still part of the experience, you
know. So in that respect, I prefer to try it at least a few times through with the original
music. And then if I've played it for a while, then I might try to find something else. You
know what I mean? Yeah, I rarely use custom soundtracks. As cool as they are, I rarely
use them, I find, actually. They're for racing games. That's just what I was going to get
into. It's a Ridge Racer game. Racing games, I always seem to use custom soundtracks with.
And I like to do like driving type of techno, like, you know, boo boo boo boo boo boo. Just
throw in the Won Gun CDs. It was serious. Actually, I've done that. I love playing
Burnout with the Won Gun music. It's pretty fun. But here's a curveball for you. One thing
I like to do, World of Warcraft, obviously, you know I play that game. And you know, even
though I agree pretty much with what Jamie said, the soundtrack to World of Warcraft
gets a little old. You've kind of heard all the same songs over and over and over again.
I like to listen to talk radio while I play World of Warcraft. There's a particular political
talk show I listen to in the evenings. I like to listen to that and play World of Warcraft.
And what I do is I have the talk show play through my headphones, and then I have WoW
playing through my speakers, so I can kind of hear both, but I'm not being distracted
by the game noises. That's actually kind of the way I've been gaming lately, like that.
But rarely, yeah, for the same reasons, especially with a lot of games coming out right now that
have the very driving soundtracks like Space Invaders Xtreme and things like that that have
the thumpin' soundtracks. I don't really like to switch it out.
Yeah, sorry. If anyone picked that up, Rob's using my stylus as a mouse.
It's fine. Now I'm fidgeting with it, even though it's super expensive. But yes. Anyway,
that's pretty much my answer to the question, is that I do talk radio, if anything else.
Well, there are some games that, just after having played them for a long time, I will
listen to other stuff, but really it has to be something that I've played for a long time.
Or actually, I'll do it when I play RO, because after a while, the music in-game really freakin'
gets on my nerves.
Yeah, I mean, a lot of MMOs, I'm sure, are like that, you know, just even if it's...
But I didn't do it for other games. I didn't do it for World of Warcraft, and I didn't
do it for Final Fantasy XI.
You probably didn't play them enough. I didn't for the first year.
I played long enough to know that I hated being a freakin' white mage!
Alright, any more emails, or is that it?
That, um, oh, there's more.
Oh dear.
Just a little more, just a little more.
Alright.
Well, that's all. I hope that this wasn't too long and that I used semicolons in a way
that is effective and grammatically correct. After all, I didn't used to use that particular
piece of punctuation in school. Thank you for your time, Reddertainment. This message
has been brought to you by my Who Killed Amanda Palmer, the solo debut by Amanda Palmer, fucking
awesome, and by Olive Garden, my grandma's favorite way to catch food poisoning.
Alright, there you go. Free plug for an indie artist there, something worked in.
I'm down for that.
By the way, uh...
Oh my god.
What's that?
Amanda totally trumped my bacon ice cream.
What'd she get?
Bacon cinnamon rolls.
That's pretty amazing.
I don't know.
Bacon dessert doesn't seem to go well.
That looks delicious.
Bacon is meat candy.
Bacon is meat candy.
Nice.
.com.
Alright. Is that registered yet? Bacon is meat candy dot com? Take a look. Alright,
anyhow, I've been promising an all night long list giveaway.
Smile DK, autographing a copy of Darren's Dance Revolution Supernova 2.
The five songs we played on the last show we had two weeks ago, Don't Clock Me, Have
You Never Been Mellow, the M.M. Groovin' mix. That was the faster mix of the song.
In the Heat of the Night, Rain of Sorrow, and the song you just heard there in the background,
Dancing All Alone. Those were the songs. Of course, we had to have a song in there by Smile
DK. We had a few people get it right. I had Bobby, our buddy who is on before us, pick
a number, and he picked the number two. So we grabbed the second email, and the winner
of the Smile DK autographed copy of DDR Supernova 2. This is a pretty big prize, so drum roll
please, people please.
The winner is, the winner does not have an alias, so the winner is Lindsay, Lindsay B.
Send in an email that has the right songs all there. I don't know if she's listening
right now, but there it is. Lindsay B. won. Congratulations. I will be sending you an
email. Please make sure we get your address so we can tell Breslil where to send the prize.
Lindsay B. wins the autographed Smile DK. So congrats. Congrats to you.
All right. Let's get back into some gaming news then.
Do we gotta?
Yes we gotta.
Woohoo.
Well, it's kind of funny. The DSi, you know, that system didn't seem to be, wasn't able
to be hacked for a while there, but it was only for a while. Apparently a new DSi working
cart from Supercard, they have a new one now, Supercard DS1i, and that actually now works
with the DSi and, you know, features all the wonderful ways to get around their different
security measures, including all the future ones that may come, because they actually
have for the first time a way to update the firmware on the card. And this is independent
of actually, because usually with these cards you have to use a micro SD card and you, you
know, run a program on there and you update the program and that kind of stuff. Well,
now you can actually update the firmware on the card itself using the included USB adapter
and so, in theory, this could be unpatchable at some point. And I know that there was some
more information out there about some new methods that they're going to be implementing
in upcoming DSi games, and we'll get into more of that in a little bit, but that might
make that a little bit harder to work. Well, do we always kind of know, like, whenever
they say something can't be pirated within five minutes, it is, right? Yeah. So, and
Act F says it in chat right there, you can't stop the homebrew community. You just can't.
So, I guess that's it then. DSi has already been cracked, and how long has it been out?
Two weeks? Three weeks? Well, a little while if you count Japan. No, I guess that's true.
Well, some more E3 news. We talked a lot about some great E3 news earlier in the show, but
this not so great news. Well, depending on who you're a fan of. Atari, the once great
makers of the 2600 system, a landmark in gaming, has pulled out of E3. Atari will not be attending
E3 this year, so sadly, no Ghostbusters, Champions Online, or any of that on the show floor.
Although Atari does still feel that E3 is beneficial to the industry, they are focused
on quote, other selling and marketing initiatives. So, there you go. Sadly, Atari has pulled
out of the show. And what's interesting, Atari was always kind of like, every year I went
to E3 anyway, Atari was always kind of a satellite room. They were never really on the show floor.
Them and Midway always had satellite rooms. So, it'll be interesting to see what happens
this year. Oh, there you go. Let's hope Ghostbusters sells lots and lots of copies for Atari or
else who knows if they'll be in existence by this time next year for E3. That would
be a very sad day. That would just be the end of an era. Indeed, but Sega not putting
out hardware anymore was the end of an era of sorts. Well, you know, there's something
else though that makes me think that Nintendo hasn't forgotten the sum of its earlier games.
And it's a game that's called Muscle March, and that's just put out by Namco. It's a game
that's sort of like a puzzle game meets a Mario Kart meets some weird Simon Says sort
of game. Sunshine and rainbows. Oh, and muscle-bound men and an overly-muscled woman. Can I play
a little bit of the trailer here? Does it have happy, sunshiny music to go with the
little picture here? Let me fast forward a little bit here. Oh my gosh, this game looks
silly. I'm getting it. I wish. This looks like Incredible Crisis, but with incredibly
scantily clad muscle men. No, it's like, do you see how you have to pose the right way?
It's human Tetris. Oh God, it's that thing. It's like that game show. Yeah. Oh my God.
Ellen does this on her show all the time. Basically, the premise of this story starts
off with a football player, like American football, stealing their protein powder. And
so they're chasing after the football player, and as you can see here, an alien takes it
once they catch the football player. They have to chase after the alien. And basically
the alien and the football player and the guys are running through different walls,
and you have to pose the way he posed when you go through the wall. And there's a panda
bear. Or, what was that? A polar bear. And there is a muscle woman, too, if you're looking
for that. But they're running on rainbow trails. I mean, this game is too gay for me. This
game totally reeks of Cho Aniki. Just without being a... I'll get this. And I'm completely
secure in my homosexuality when I say that. This game looks way too gay for me. I want
this game. Hey, it's what, only 800 Wii points? I guess so. And that's what, May 29th or something
in Japan? Yep. So, in fact, I will actually link the article from Joystiq in the chat
room so that our listeners who are with us live can see it. Bobby Blackwolf says they
should put that on the box. You know how they always quote people from magazines and trade
publications? They put it on the box. Even though this is a download title. They should
put that right there on the box. This game is too gay for me. Rob Roberts. I would be
fine with that. I would be completely fine with that. I mean, I guess I should play it
before I can definitively say that, but seriously, it's probably, if I were to play it, it would
be even gayer. But it's... the game is... yeah. And there's also this particular place
where it freezes the screen. There's a giraffe poking its head out of the clouds and a pig
flying and muscle-bound men pointing. And gay sex. Lots of butt sex. Surprise butt sex.
Ahh! That's the sound of surprise butt sex, by the way. That's the bonus level. Surprise!
Yeah. Well, you think that's pretty surprising. Well then, here's something else that'll blow
your mind. Apparently someone's actually... Yes, apparently someone has developed a pill
that will enhance your first person shooter plane. It's called the FPS Brain Pill. And
apparently it will make you see better, I guess. It's a visual performance enhancing
capsule. And I guess when caffeine and guarana are not enough. I don't know. For when staying
up until 9 o'clock in the morning playing World of Warcraft just isn't long enough.
Well this way you can see better. Maybe this will make you see dead people. Maybe this
will give you a heart attack, is what might happen. I don't know. Deathwishing in the
chatroom asks, chat.orangessauce.com asks, so basically it's caffeine? No, it's not.
It's made up of complex ingredients which nurture the human eye. Oh, well I'm sorry.
With essential micronutrients that are not sufficiently produced by the body on its own.
These and among other trace elements, plant extracts, cartonoids which strengthen and
protect the eyes when they're under particular strain. Gamers often sit in front of their
screens for hours during the night, especially for them. A sufficient nutrition of the body
with vital substance that actively support the eyes as a precondition for healthy and
effective eyesight. And blah blah blah. Actually, looking through this, these are basically
the same things that you find in those eye formulas. There's actually some really good
stuff in here, but really lutein, lycopene, eat a tomato, shit. Eat a tomato every day.
You'll be fine. Or take a multivitamin. Multivitamins don't have quite that concentration. It's
still a way to get gamers to take their vitamins, you know, just eat a fucking tomato. Well,
you can buy it and they have a 110% money back guarantee, so if you don't like it, then
you get more money. Cool! I don't like it. Prenatal vitamins. Alright, wait, are you
suggesting gamers should take prenatal vitamins? Actually, the stuff that's in prenatal vitamins
are pretty freaking good for, you know, keeping the body healthy and hand-eye coordination.
Also, it's really good for your hair. Okay, as long as I don't get pregnant. No! That
has got to be the single most dumb buddy thing I've ever heard you say. Really? Because I've
said a lot in the history of this program. I've said, shut up! I've said a lot of dumb
things. Oh, but that's not all. See, that's FBS brain zoom. That's the, um, that, but
apparently they also have some other stuff that enhances your reaction time, the FBS
brain original. Fortunately, they do not sell anything that will enhance your penis size.
That's the only thing they're really missing. I'm gonna tell everybody, all of our listeners,
something right now. These ads are bullshit! These products that say they're gonna do this
shit, they don't do it! But 110% money back guarantee! That's a guarantee you can stick
by! Hey, you get 110% back! That's more than 100%! And I'm not saying this as a representative
of the company. I did work at a GNC, and I've been involved in several natural home remedy,
you know, courses. I do believe in natural healing, but none of this stuff is gonna be
an instant fix. The way you improve your hand-eye coordination is using your hands and eyes
together more. You coordinate them through practice. Um, faster reaction times are gonna
be done through training. It's not something that a pill's gonna do for you. And there
is absolutely zero, no way to grow a bigger dick. It doesn't happen. You cannot use a
vacuum tube. You cannot use pills. You could do it surgically. That's about it. And that's
not you growing it.
Alright. Well, there is no pill that will make you a better dancer. That's for sure,
right? There's no pill that will make you a better dancer.
I know plenty of people who could use it if it existed.
But possibly Dance Dance Revolution will make you a better dancer, although I'll tell you
from first-hand experience it does not. But if you want to try anyway, there might be
a game coming out a little later for you this year that could be a good starter kit. It's
Dance Dance Revolution Volume 1 is apparently the game. Of course, take this with a grain
of salt. Konami's not confirming this yet, but apparently some information's leaked out
this week that the Wii will be getting this game as well as the Xbox 360 and a debut on
the PlayStation 3. Dance Dance Revolution Volume 1, it's a best of. That's right, they
are going to be pulling some of the best songs from DDR's history and putting it all into
one game. Here's hoping it's not just the Konami originals, because we did already have
that game several years ago. It was called Konamiics, but I guess it was the first.
And best hits. Best hits didn't come out in the US. I know, but it's still the same thing.
I know, this is a little snore, you know, but I guess it's a starter kit for new people,
whatever. Way to go. That took no effort. You didn't have to have any more, you know,
step charts made. You just said, okay, I want this, this, this, this, this. Let's say it's
Konami originals, we can take all that. And we're done. By the way, I just want to say
Chat is kind of going a little haywire right now. We do tape live on Sunday nights and
live things happen. Apparently there's just been an earthquake in Southern California.
Some of our Southern California listeners are saying, whoa, did you feel that one? So
they're saying on the quake site, it was a 4.7, which I don't believe is too bad. That's
just a little wake up call. Let's hope this doesn't, this isn't a, what do they call it?
A pre-quake or what? No, not an aftershock, but a pre-shock to something that's going
to happen in three weeks. Cause that would suck. I don't know. Don't die. I don't want
to be in LA when fear not. It was just Rosie O'Donnell falling over. Shut up. She lives
in Florida anyway. Exactly. It was just Rosie O'Donnell falling over dark soccer. Please
save this show from a Loki. There's going to be another Tony Hawk game. Who cares? Actually,
this is going to be a peripheral based game and, um, it's going to be called, um, Tony
Hawk Ride. And yeah, this thing is weird. It's going to be on Wii, PS3, and 360. So
I don't know. I don't really care. Hitstone would like you to know that he cares. There
you go. Okay. Then you can go check out the official website at thride.com. Yes. And it's
a big old skateboard controller as rumored numerous times before. No one's surprised.
Yeah. Um, I, I'm like, when I heard this this week, I was like, I thought we already heard
this, but I guess it was just kinda under the radar before. But, uh, yep. Yet another
peripheral to fill up your house. There you go. A skateboard controller. Maybe I'll have
to get it on top of the boxes. I knew it. Dark soccer. The minute she hears, Oh, peripheral.
She's like, ah, fuck. I got to get this. No, the only way, you know what? There is one
game. I would have wanted something like that for, and that was, what was it called? Air
tricks. The Sega skateboarding game. That would have been cool. Otherwise, no, you know
what? They should put out the skateboard controller and then they should put out jet set radio,
like a new version of it. Would that not, especially with the Wii, huh? Hey, except
you are roller bleeding. You know what? Hater haters to the left, please. Thank you. So
that it's a sequel. Now they're on skateboards. It's a little different. That is lame. I hate
you. Just a couple more stories. Then we'll be taking your phone calls. A one eight seven
seven game. Oh, LR. Not just yet though. Let you know when. So, um, as I alluded to earlier,
they're a metaphoric. They're, um, I guess a former game developer, and now they're frustrated
by piracy. So they have come up with a new, um, technique that will basically, um, allow
each game that's put out to have a different security scheme. And it basically turns the
game into its own security system. And it apparently does a check with some data that's
stored on the cart. Something that's going to be broken really fast, basically, but will
hopefully delay releases and that kind of stuff. I don't think it's going to, but not
related to the story. And I'm going to bring it up anyways right now. We may have talked
about it a little bit before Kojima Productions has a new teaser page for some secret project.
And wouldn't you know it? There is something that looks like a five or possibly an S. So
we're either going to get a snatcher game or maybe Metal Gear Solid 5. Uh oh. With a
new countdown. And maybe that's what they're going to show on the, uh, the press conference
that they're saying, you know, if, you know. Dude, you know they're going to fucking do
it. Maybe. I don't know. Who knows? We'll see. Interesting. Alright. Well, one more
story for you guys and it's one more big, big, big rumor and then we're going to get
to the calls. This could be interesting. A digital entertainment handheld that they say
will do absolutely everything if you are to believe the rumors about the Zune HD. That's
right. Uh, it was a report from Team Xbox apparently. The Zune HD allegedly is going
to be revealed at E3. It's a portable game console and media player. It will link to
the Skybox, another Microsoft system. It will integrate current Zune and Xbox marketplaces
together and apparently something very similar to the NXC is going to be the function that
kind of drives the handheld. So in a way it's their foray into handheld gaming but not really
because it's still kind of like an iPod-ish type of device. It's still the Zune. But here's
the other big catch and this is why I'm kind of like, you know, very skeptical about this.
Personally, the Zune HD, you will also be able to play Xbox Live Arcade games either
on your Xbox or your handheld. That's where I stop believing that this is true. I think
that's too much. Well, no. It's not necessarily too much. Only certain games. It's not all
games. Maybe certain newer games that are developed with both together. You know, just
like the XNA stuff. The XNA stuff you can develop for the Zune and for Xbox Live Arcade
and you use that same toolset but now you have that full Xbox Live Arcade games that
are cross-compatible. I would believe that the XNA games would run on this but I don't
know. I mean, they have some pretty elaborate shit on Xbox Live Arcade now. I just can't
imagine you're going to have something with the power of an Xbox 360 in your pocket. You
know how much noise that'll make? I mean, but really. So. We'll see. Frisbee is mad
that everything's getting called HD. He says, quit calling everything HD. Blah, blah, blah
HD. That is kind of a generic name. Don't you think Microsoft could do better than that?
Especially if they're calling their other thing the Fluid? Couldn't they call this the
Zune Fluid or something? I don't know. It makes me think of P. Don't talk about that.
I actually have to kind of go to the restroom and we got to take calls. So, we're going
to open up the Skype line now for your calls. 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is
OrangeLoungeRadio. Let's go to the phones. Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Whoa, it's freezing up. Hi, it's freezing up. What's freezing up? Are you having another
earthquake? Whoa, no. It's springing, but I'm called in. Oh, there we go. Hi, introduce
yourself for our listeners, please. It's Deathwishing. Hi, Deathwishing. Talk to Jamie while I go
to the bathroom. Hi. Quick, follow him in there. We can tackle him. That's okay. I'd
rather not because the cat also uses that bathroom. So, what's up? Fuel. That racing
game? Yeah. Fuel? Yeah, it's awesome. Or it looks awesome. Oh, I don't know. I'm on a
pre-order thing here and I can't decide which game to pre-order. It is Red Faction Guerrilla
or Fuel and that looks like Motorstorm on steroids and then Red Faction's Red Faction.
Well, it depends if you want a racing game or more of like, you know, a sandbox-y game.
Or do I want Global Warming or Mars? Yeah. Global Warming for the win, I think. Yay.
On the other part, we need to strap down Rosie O'Donnell just to get that thought out. I'm
trying to think here, a little bit of shocker over here, you know what happened, but I'm
still playing Street Fighter. I think that's all we need to know. Cool. Yeah. Who's actually
your primary now? Primary? Yeah, entry-fighter. Your main person. Sagat. Sagat now. Really?
Any particular reason? Tiger uppercut. Is that all? Oh, and Tiger Knee. Looks like he's
kicking him in the balls. Just way more hardcore. I'm still totally taken with using Sakura,
of course. That's because your name's Dark Sakura. If she played more like the one from
SNK vs. Capcom with a really weird run into her uppercut, it'd be really cool. I haven't
noticed that. She plays a lot like an interesting combination of Alpha 2, Alpha 3. Well, Street
Fighter IV is my first real Street Fighter. What do you want, lazy? Go back and play Alpha
2. But I'm a young kid. I have to stick with the young games. It makes me hip. That means
you're doing research. You know what? Respect your elders. Hi, I'm back. Respect your elders.
You need to discover your roots of gaming. Seriously, go back and play Alpha 2. Young
whippersnappers. Road Rash is better than every game out. Says you. Alright, says me.
What did I miss? You missed me wanting to tie down Rosie O'Donnell. Wait, are you in
L.A., Death Wishing? Hainton Beach. So close enough, did you feel that earthquake? I ran
down the stairs. Wow, so it was pretty bad then, huh? Right as you guys were talking
about the first person shooter pill, which, like I said, I have permanent eye improvement
called glasses. You put them on and you get better vision. Some people in chat asked if
we felt the earthquake, but we're way too far away to feel an earthquake. Like the big
one could hit L.A. and we wouldn't feel it up here. Another gamer pill is called carrots.
They help your eyesight. Carrots are pretty amazing, actually. And they do have pills
out there, actually, that's just carrots. Just make sure you get the right hole. But
if you eat, wow, if you eat too many carrots, your face will turn orange. This is true.
This happened to me when I was a kid. I want to look like an Oompa Loompa. It happened
to this person, too. Did you ever watch the Partridge Family? Danny Bonaduce? No, Susan
Day. Really? Yeah, she pretty much starved herself and ate nothing but carrots and she
turned orange. This kid has no idea what the Partridge Family was. Do you know what the
Partridge Family is? Huh? Oh, God. All right. Do you have any final thoughts before I let
you go? Should I pre-order Fuel or Red Faction Gorilla? Red Faction Gorilla. Okay. All right,
bye. I'll see about that. Okay, but thanks, bye. I don't know, I just picked a better
sounding one. I have no idea what those games are. Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's
this? Hey, C1LE Ronmo. What's up, everyone? Hi, not much. I was just yelling at the previous
listener. Please tell me you know who the Partridge Family is. I grew up watching the
Partridge Family. Come on, get happy. There's a song that we're singing. Don't. Come on,
get happy. All right, come on. Everybody knows that one. All right, Ronmo, what's on your
mind tonight, buddy? Did you Twitter from the bathroom? I did not Twitter from the bathroom.
I left my phone in here, thank you very much. Okay, all right, all right, all right. It
was just a pee, too. It wasn't a poop, so it's a lot harder to Twitter while you pee.
And I'm afraid of getting the phone wet, so I wouldn't want to do that. You got a point
there. I always have a point. The chat room's like, ah. Whatever. Anyhow, what's on your
mind? Shirley, you didn't just call and ask me about my bathroom. Call him Shirley. Or
Shirley. Speak. Okay, last week I helped a friend download Patapon 2, and it kind of
blew up in our faces. Like the game literally blew up in your face, or what happened? It
was being held trying to download the software to our PFE. I don't understand. Like, what
happened? All right, pretty much, we hooked it up to my laptop. I'm running Windows 7,
so I figured, okay, it'll download. The Sony software stopped halfway and said, I'm running
an unauthorized operating system, this will now shut down. After doing that twice, we
went to an XP machine, started downloading everything, it started running, we downloaded
Patapon, we walked out, we come back, the download timed out. Interesting. Why don't
you try downloading it through the PSP? The funny thing is, it wouldn't let her update
the firmware, she was running version 3.7 or something like that. Holy crap. Yeah, and
we tried to update the firmware, and it was like, it says you're running the latest one.
Well it sounds like Sony's gonna sell tons of copies of this stuff with all these hurdles
going on. I bet I can get that game faster then. This almost sounds like a challenge.
Is it faster to download Patapon 2 legally or illegally? This should be like a challenge
we do on the show next week. That might be fun. Not for nothing, it took me like 30 minutes
to pull down Rock Band Unplugged. Did you finally get your copy of Patapon 2, or are
you still kind of waiting? We got it for her, and she was really pissed about it because
she didn't even realize that it was a downloadable title when she bought it. Oh, I see, she
bought it at the store? Okay, gotcha. Interesting, well thanks for the heads up. I could probably
have it in a minute, but I'm not going to. Do not waste the bandwidth in here. Alright,
so anyway, Rama, anything else you want to call in about tonight? Rock Band Unplugged
is pretty good, and Rob, in response to 9 people in the hotel room at ASEN, need I remind
you about Katakan? Yeah, but that room at Katakan was much bigger. Like, you had a suite
at Katakan. We're talking like a standard two bed room at ASEN. I have stayed in rooms
where they fed 15 people in there, and people sleep on shifts. I've done it. Oh my god,
now I'm just, I'm too old for this. You know, no, I mean, and certainly no disrespect, I
had a lot of fun, and you know, I did finally get my sleep, but you know, I definitely,
you know, somebody said they could kind of see it in me on Saturday. I was definitely
feeling tired just because, you know, so many people and so on, so it took me a while to
catch up. I was so dead at work on Monday and Tuesday, it was not even funny. Like,
I took like a five hour nap. It was pretty disgusting. Did you call out because you had
the comp leg? No, I couldn't. You know, in my job, you can't really call in sick unless
you are like really, really sick, especially when you have huge important projects that
have to be done when you teach, so. Oh, okay. Alright, well, Rama, we're going to let you
go so we can get some more calls, but have a good one, and hopefully the next convention
I go to, you'll be there. Most definitely. Alright, take care, buddy. Later. Later. 1-877-GAME-OLR,
our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio, but the calls are coming in back to back tonight.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this? Hey, what's up? It's the Rob D. Rob, how you
doing? Not too shabby. Just got home from work, and I'm like, oh my God, has OrangeLoungeRadio
taken calls yet? I don't know. We just started taking calls. You're just in time. I did talk
earlier in the show, and I did congratulate you on your Street Fighter IV win at ASUM.
Thank you very much. And was talking a little bit about the experience in the hotel room
playing on the Xbox 360 and the two arcade sticks, which actually was a lot of fun. I
almost want to get an arcade stick. They're nice. I mean, I never thought I'd be one of
those guys who actually takes arcade sticks, and I despise myself just a little bit more
as a human being, just for actually being one of those people who uses an arcade stick,
but it's worth it. How did your panel go? I never got to ask. It went really well. I
mean, people really got a huge kick out of it, and we ended up getting pretty much in
almost full room at the biggest panel room at the convention, short of the main programming
area where they have thousands of seats and that sort of thing. That's amazing. Congratulations.
I have to admit I'm a little jealous. And I actually just found out that I have a panel
at Otacon, so that's going to be interesting. Wow. Well, go you. I mean, the stuff I saw,
I didn't get to see the panel. I wish you guys would have taped it or something, but
I do have a tape. It's not great quality because it was taken on a really small digital camera.
I think Misty taped it. Misty gave it to one of Jason, the crazy kid's brothers. Gotcha.
I have the video. I think I'm going to end up subtitling it and seeing how that turns
out because you can hardly hear anything. Or if you're going to do the same thing at
the next panel, take a better camera next time. Be ready. Be ready with a video camera.
It would be fun. Oh, yeah. But that's great. The stuff I saw, tell the listeners, because
we're talking about this panel. Nobody knows what the fuck we're talking about. Tell the
listeners a little bit about what you did at this panel that had a full crowd. Well,
last year when we went to Otacon, we saw this Sonic the Hedgehog panel, and I laugh if they
actually listen to this, although I doubt it. And they did a terrible, terrible job.
The whole thing was basically the people who did it took a timeline of the Sonic games
and was like, oh, and then Sonic Shovel came out. Who doesn't remember Sonic Shovel? And
then everyone would go, woo! And that was pretty much it. And it sucked. So we decided,
okay, if they're going to do bad video game panels, let's make a good video game panel.
And we realized, what would people actually want to hear about? What would people laugh
at that they don't really know about? So we decided to compile a list of some of the worst
writing and some of the worst examples of video game tropes. And we decided to do a
little presentation about it and compile an hour-long thing about it with slides, with
pre-written stuff. And it turned out really well. We have a whole section on stupid Mega
Man robot masters, bad video game covers, the introduction of Blaster Master and the
Americanization of it, where instead of having this basic storyline of this guy battling
in a post-apocalyptic world in this Gundam, well, not Gundam-style tank, but in this whole
one technologically advanced tank that's so much better than everything else, how they
localize that into this kid is chasing after his giant frog that just turned giant because
this radioactive box that just happened to be in his front yard. And he decided to jump
down a hole and find this tank and start blowing up this underground society he knows nothing
about. It's great, really. And this is completely true? Yes. Wow. And see, the thing is that
I love Blaster Master. It's one of my favorite NES games, definitely my top five. And I never
knew this. I just never thought to research it. I just accepted the FX9 novelization as
gospel and never realized there was this whole other real story behind it. It's amazing.
Yeah, it's hilarious. And like I said, we did a huge list of it. And actually, we still
have material left over. And we've actually even gotten some good ideas from some of the
people attending our panel as well. We always ask at the end to see if anyone has anything
else. Honestly, if we wanted to do a two-hour panel and wanted to put in the work for that,
we probably could. So you're traveling video game comics. This is pretty amazing. Yeah,
it's fun so far. We'll see how long we do it and how many cons we can do it at. Basically,
if you'll give us a free badge and we can find cheap hotel, we'll do it. Well, hey,
there you go. You know what? Maybe we need to start working on something for Fanime 2010.
We want to, but California's a little bit far away from us Illinois boys. Take a look
at Southwest out of Midway. They have some direct flights. We'll work on that for next
year. All right, do that. Anyhow, Rob D, any other con thoughts or thoughts in general
you want to share tonight? Oh man, the convention was a lot of fun. Actually, it's funny. After
finals, because I had a couple finals to take right after, I really just need another break
from reality. So I'm actually going to be going to Anime North, although I have no panel
this weekend. You're just a blood for punishment with these two. I'm a con whore at this point.
I have nothing else to say about that. It'll be my first trip to Canada in a good 10 years.
Part of me, even though I'm not doing anything at Fanime, I do kind of want to go just to
kind of peek. Part of me thinks I might end up there at least one day just kind of looking
around because I'm supposed to be in the Bay Area anyway. But we'll see. We'll see. I'm
a little iffy right now. Maybe they'll have a game room that doesn't have half the TVs
turned off. Fanime always has a really good game room, actually. So we'll see. We'll see.
But I have a lot going on next weekend. We'll see. There's a lot. Rob, any other thoughts
for our listeners before I let you go?
Well, I'd love to talk about Tatsunoko versus Capcom and how we're actually getting some
Tatsu with some, you know, I can play as Ryu and Ken. Oh, wait. Wait, not that Ken. But
no, I'm excited for that coming to the U.S. or at least very, you know, almost confirmed
for the U.S. if nothing else.
Now, since you just joined us, did you hear that they have kind of looked at one of the
screenshots and you can tell that three characters have already been axed, which we kind of figured
was going to, you know, we said when we were kind of talking about this earlier in the
show, we were like, well, wait a minute. Maybe they got the licensing, but don't guarantee
that they got all of it. And sure enough, three of the characters have been cut, apparently.
That's interesting. I didn't know about that. I'll have to look into that. But I guess it's
not too surprising considering that's just a nightmare in the U.S. and any other country
other than Japan.
Exactly. And folks are asking again which characters got axed. Do you remember, Loki,
or where you read that? Do you remember who the ones were?
One of them was Condorno Joe.
It was Ibuki, Joe the Condor, and... I don't remember the last one.
R something real. Riolo? I don't remember.
Yeah, Ryu.
Exactly, Ryu.
No, not Ryu.
Ryu won't be in there.
Licensing for Ryu.
Somebody in chat will yell it out in just a moment. That's what usually happens once
they get through the delay.
Will Kiyop from Battle of the Planets be in there or Ace Goodheart from G-Force?
Sorry.
I don't think everybody else is still in there.
We'll see.
Anyway, Rob, we better let you go so we can get some more calls, but thanks for the call
and congratulations again and good luck with your traveling band of comedy.
Thank you very much. I'll see you later.
All right. Take care, buddy.
We got time for a couple more calls. 1-877-GAME-OLR or a username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
We can probably squeeze at least one more call in before the night's up. Go ahead and
give us a call. Do we have any last minute stories real quick before we say good night?
Yes, I've been collecting them.
Hold on. We got a call. Hi, Aaron. OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
It's GS68.
Hi, GS68. What's on your mind, buddy?
Don't bother responding to me next year. I think ASEN needs more of your attention.
Wait. What's this?
Don't bother responding to me. Nobody in front of Bay Area was able to overlap with me.
I know. We've skipped out on the past two years. It just hasn't worked out, but dude,
ASEN is expensive to go to. I don't know if I'm going to be able to make it again next
year, so I definitely want to keep it local, I think.
Well, at least listeners would go to ASEN, but I don't know anyone who would go to...
I know anyone who would go to find me if all of them wasn't doing it on our panel.
Well, if we plugged it more because we're going, we might get it. The one year we did
do a panel, we had an okay turnout. It was nice. It was cool to meet some people. Plus,
something else to consider, there's a lot of our old DDR buddies are really involved
with Fonami, which is why I'm not going to talk negative about the con because I have
nothing negative to say. It's just the timing never seems to work out because they do it
on a really busy weekend.
But a lot of our old DDR buddies are very heavily involved with Fonami. Wendell is still
holding down the fort at stage zero, right? And I know, I can't remember his online name.
I'm getting called out from the DDR scene. I haven't played DDR regularly in a long time.
Yeah, so we'll definitely make it back probably next year because next year also is I'm trying
to plan. I don't know if it's really going to happen, but I'm having an idea for a Japan
tour dangled in front of me and I kind of want to do it. So it just depends on money
and all that's good stuff. But if I do that, then no trips to the Midwest next year or
even probably the East Coast because Japan will.
I will be mostly doing a con report during the con or the week after and also be leaving
updates on Twitter about the con at Fonami.
What you're going to have to do, you're going to have to get some more listeners while you're
at the show.
Hopefully.
I also want to talk about like last week or so, there's a new version of a version that
P3GameNet really plugged on the mailbag several episodes ago and it has speedrun mode after
you beat the games.
Wait.
They got me thinking.
Sorry, which game is this?
A version. It's a QT platformer game where you run around like chains of walls and collect
gems.
It's okay.
Yeah, there's a new version where after you beat the games, there's a time attack mode
and they got me thinking, more games where you, that kind of stuff. I mean, it kind of,
I mean, it didn't mean to play the game again.
You know, it's kind of cool. It's kind of cool when they will patch in new modes like
that and new features to really extend the game's life because yeah, I mean, it gets
people excited to kind of pop in a game they might've ignored again and go back to. Burnout
Paradise, excellent example of a game that's been doing this very, very well.
I know people that bought Burnout Paradise, sold it back, and then bought it again to
play the download content.
And on that topic, it hurts me when people say, oh, stop speedrunning the game or stop
playing for score. Just have fun. I mean, there are ones now telling it, impeding on
the fun of people like me who like to play for time or for score and there's some people
playing for score for time is fun. So these kind of people just need to let everyone play
their own way.
It's your fucking quarter. Do what you want. Everyone else can buzz off. As long as you're
not breaking a machine or doing things, just do what you want. It's your quarter.
Yeah. Last week I was in another chat room and I was talking about guitar heroes scoring
how the whole multiplier thing and someone was yelling the thing. No, nobody cares about
the score. You're the guitar hero. Go play the music and I'm like, okay, but what about
the people who do play for score?
It's like Perfect Attack versus Freestyle and DDR. People just are into what they're
into. If you want to really impress me, do both at the same time. There you go. I'd get
to see that, a Perfect Attack freestyle. That'd be pretty awesome.
I should maybe provide Poppin' Music freestyle.
Oh, God. Poppin' Music freestyle. I don't know about that one, especially because there
hasn't been any consumer one in a long time. I know. It was in a movie once, like a couple
years ago. They had some guy doing-
Was that lost in translation?
Yeah, yeah. It was lost in translation, but yeah, there hasn't been a lot of movement
in that scene in a while, but also keep in mind, there's been no Poppin' Music consumer
style in quite a while, so it's kind of a-
Yeah. We haven't seen- Yeah, Poppin' is going through what I call 2DX consumer syndrome
style. It's usually between 2DX and 6 on PS2, and then another delay between 6 and 7.
Oh, yeah. I remember that. It could be. It could be, but if Konami were smart, they would
just nuke all of their franchises and start them over again on PlayStation 3 or next-gen
hardware. PlayStation 3 would be good, because then you can import that. There you go. It'd
be nice.
I don't think it started on Poppin' last October, so it'll be nice if it could be 15 and 16
on PS2. Maybe have a single compilation, so that way the series will be caught up.
We'll see. I mean, the rumor is the next 2DX on PlayStation 2 is just going to have a crap
load of songs, but rumors are rumors. We'll see. Anyway, JSXTO, we've got to let you go.
We need to go and wrap up the show, but thanks so much for your call, and have fun at Fandame,
and we expect a full report next week.
All right. Okay. Bye.
Take care. All right. That's going to do it for the Skypline tonight. I'm so sorry to
those that didn't get through. I know some of you folks wanted to call in and talk about
other things, but it just happened. Sometimes we get slammed on the phone line, so there
you have it.
We've got to get out of here, though. It's going to be a late night. We've been here
since 6 o'clock. It's already 9-12. We still have the live-only segment in a little bit,
and all that other stuff, so we've got to tie it all up and get out of here, but first,
other last-minute stories before we pull the plug on tonight's show.
Oh, yeah. I got a ton. Anyways, so where was I? Oh, so apparently there's a rumor that
Battlefield Heroes is going to be headed to the PlayStation 3, PlayStation Network, and
Xbox 360, Xbox Live Arcade. As you remember, I believe Battlefield Heroes is the free-to-play
game that they have online, a kind of a deathmatch-only flair, but apparently it's listed as coming
out in June 2009, according to EA's press page, and perhaps this is something they're
going to be talking about during E3, maybe. Might be neat.
Also for Wii Sports Resort, there's been two more games revealed from a Japanese commercial.
Apparently golf and table tennis will be in Wii Sports Resort. You may remember table
tennis was in Wii Play, and golf was in the original Wii Sports. Awesome! They're recycling
minigames now. Go Nintendo.
Wow.
Let's see, but now it's more precise, but yet they don't have, well, they have table
tennis, I guess, but they don't have, well, whatever. Yes. This is interesting. Apparently
a new game has been rated by the ESRB for the Wii. It is mature-rated. It's called Sexy
Poker. Yes, Sexy Poker, which the content descriptors are nudity, sexual themes, and
simulated gambling. Apparently the description of it is it's a strip poker game in which
players engage in games of blackjack and poker against female avatar opponents. The object
of the game is to win hands in order to remove articles of clothing from still images of
female characters. Nurses, police, women, office workers, and sports figures can eventually
be stripped down to show their bare breasts. Ooh, adult games on the Wii. Yeah, I remember
strip poker games on the Commodore 64. They were epic. Yeah, but you'd think something
like this. Pixelated boobies. They just wouldn't be, you know, coming out on the Wii, because
the Wii's a family system, so it's kind of surprising. There's a, this is kind of interesting,
Hull Breach Online, the first MMORPG for the Wii's internet channel, has now apparently
been scaled down to run on the DSi browser. So yes, it's a free-to-play MMO, and apparently
space-themed, and looks very basic, but I can imagine that you can't really do too much
with the DSi browser. Kind of limited. And then a little bit more information about Tatsunoko
vs. Capcom. The game's now being called Tatsunoko vs. Capcom Ultimate All-Stars, and apparently
online play may be added in. New characters might happen, and it's supposed to be due
out before the end of the year. Actually, I was wondering though, because after some
thought, the characters that you were saying were cut were never in the Japanese version
to begin with. Yeah, well, I don't know. And then finally, it's just kind of interesting.
Coming from CodeJunkies.com, they have a new accessory that's out now for the Xbox 360.
They apparently have figured out how to reverse-engineer the memory cards. Now you can get a device
for as cheap as $39.99, and it will use microSD cards, so you can store up to 16GB of data
on there. And if you think about that, since it doesn't have all the backwards compatibility
stuff, like the Xbox 360 hard drives, it's actually larger than the Xbox 360 20GB hard
drives, now in memory card form, so you can get these really cheap. And microSD cards,
those are pretty damn cheap nowadays, especially the 4GB and 16GB ones. I think I just got
a, well it wasn't a microSD, but just a standard HD card for $50, so 16GB. So, I mean, that's
amazing. And now that they come up with this, I'm sure that the hacking scene is going to
take notice, and they're going to figure out a way to put any sort of hard drive on there.
Goody goody. So, matter of time. And that's it.
Alright, well that is going to do it for another week here at Orange Launch Radio. It's time
to go around and wrap things up with our final thoughts. DarkSakura, whose home we've invaded
now with Orange Launch Radio, and it looks like we will be for the near future. Your
final thought tonight?
Let's go see Star Trek Tuesday.
Maybe. I don't know yet what I've got going on. But maybe. I do want to see it again.
Lowkey, your final thought?
This chair hurts my butt, and I'm going to play some Bion Commander this week.
Awesome. I don't really have much of a final thought, except I'm excited to be going to
LA in a couple weeks, and things are good. So that's it. Hopefully I get to play more
games this week. That's my final thought. Thank you guys so much for downloading and
supporting independent radio and independent podcasting. Remember, if you like our show,
all we ask, tell two people you know about our show, whether you love them or hate them.
Just spread the word about our show. Word of mouth is how a word gets out about our
show and how we keep things going. And if you don't want to do that, at least leave
us a review on iTunes or on one of those podcasting review sites or what have you. Help us spread
the word about Orange Launch Radio. It's a word of mouth that really helps it.
That's it. Have a great week, everybody, and we'll see you next week here on Orange Lounge
Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com, Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time. The
views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of
the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week.
