With your hosts, Dark Sakura, Skye, and Moku!
Tonight, May 3rd, 2009, will we see multiple motion controllers in this year's E3?
Are the Ninja Turtles being remade for a new downloadable game?
And a new video game will let you show off your ironing skills!
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that show dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
I'm with you here every week. Rob Roberts also joining you tonight.
Say hello to the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Always here with us as usual. How you doing?
I'm recovering.
Recovering? Are you an alcoholic?
No.
Sorry to hear it.
From the week from hell.
I'm sorry to hear about the week from hell.
Was there a lot of gaming to be done in the week from hell?
Some, actually. A little.
Alright, we'll get to that in just a moment, but we can't start the show without introducing the one and only tech master, Loki!
Hello.
How you doing?
Good.
And I see your normal Sunday ration of fast food.
You have some Burger King tonight.
Yes.
Sticking with the traditionals.
I was going to get McDonald's, but I had somehow was in a daze and drove past it and went to Burger King instead.
How exactly do you select what your fast grub is going to be before the show before you get here?
What I feel like.
Just what you feel like?
Yeah.
What you going to stop at on the way?
I was driving home from Oakland right before the show, so I wouldn't have been able to stop somewhere healthy because it takes a lot longer.
And unfortunately fast food didn't take quite as, it wasn't as fast as I had hoped because an idiot in front of me decided to use a coupon for their fast food order and the coupon didn't apply to what they had ordered.
So he sat there arguing with them for a good 10 minutes and that sucked.
Misty in our chat room at chat.orangelaundry.com starts us off tonight wanting to know, but the question is what kind of BK noms?
Double bacon cheeseburger.
Oh, very healthy.
Exactly. It's very delicious.
All right, and Black Wolf, the gentleman before us here on Sunday nights when we tape live on all games radio at about 6 o'clock Pacific Standard Time, Black Wolf is in chat and says, hey, I heard this was a show about video games.
Once in a while, once in a while we do talk about video games. In fact, let's get to it.
We always like to start off a little bit of how is your gaming week?
There's no guests tonight, just you guys in the chat room.
Chat.orangelaundry.com. We'll start off tonight with Dark Soccer. How was your gaming week?
I played Cooking Mama on iPhone while waiting for Wolverine to start.
The rest of it was spent on homework. All week homework. The end.
What do you think about the fact that they play those ads before movies? Like, you know, while they have a captive audience, they're showing previews for TV shows and all this garbage.
I was ignoring them.
You think it's smart or you think it's annoying? It cuts into your Cooking Mama time.
It's annoying, but it is smart marketing. So, I try not to think of it one way or another.
The bottom line is all that matters to the companies. So, of course, they're going to try to get the word out there in every front possible that's just marketing.
So, I'm really, I guess, indifferent towards the whole thing. Yeah, I may not care about what is that show with what's-her-face.
Keira Sedgwick. But the only good thing I saw her in was singles anyway. But I just, I'm totally indifferent.
It's marketing. It's the world we live in today. If people don't like it, go to the bathroom. Take that as your pee break.
Since, you know, even though we are a video game show, we get into nerdy topics. And I know you have a love for the X-Men.
So, I'm sure this was an important movie for you. What did you think of the X-Men movie?
I liked the first 15 minutes of it.
That part was great because it was all about Wade not shutting up without spoiling anything.
Now, the listeners should know you're a total Deadpool fan girl.
I am a total Deadpool fan girl.
So, this was very important, the treatment that he received in the movie. Yes, I'm very, I'm sure you love the end.
Depending on which ending.
The actual end and not the end after the end.
The bonus end, okay, if you watch off to the credits, there's one of two endings. And I got the more lame one.
And I got to see the other one on YouTube before it got pulled off.
And I wish I'd had that one because it made me a lot happier and had some fourth wall breakage.
We don't want to give spoilers, though.
I'm not saying anything.
I know. They're just doing that so they can whore that character out for another horrible movie.
That's more warning Loki than you.
No, because they are, I've been reading several interviews and articles where they're leaving it open for a Deadpool movie.
Which would make me happy if they do it freakin' right.
Question from chat, and a comment from chat. I like old people in chat, which by the way, I still love that name.
It says, X-Men applies to games because there is a game of it.
Actually, there's been several games about the X-Men.
I remember an old school one on the PC, like back in the early 90s, where you were trying to rescue Storm.
I don't even remember what the game, I think it was just X-Men or whatever.
But yeah, X-Men and games have always been kind of tied together a little bit. There's always those tie-ins.
But, um, DJ Rama S asks, how well did Ryan Reynolds play Deadpool?
Keep in mind, he wasn't playing Deadpool in the beginning of the movie. He was playing Wade.
And he, I thought that was pretty, pretty darn right.
Because he did not shut up.
And it was perfect.
I was totally, totally down with that.
I thought that he did an excellent performance on top of that.
Even if you watch any of the interviews with him, he's totally a fan, so it was pretty cool.
I thought he was pretty good too.
And yes, I actually saw the Wolverine movie.
I hardly ever go to movies the weekend they open, but it worked out that I went this weekend and had a good time.
So, I enjoyed the movie more than the last X-Men movie they had.
The last X-Men movie was crap.
It was pure and utter ass.
It wasn't even ass, it was sphincter.
They also had a good amount of fanboy wank in the movie, which I enjoyed.
They threw the fanboys some bones, like having Emma Frost in it, you know.
But she's not really, I don't want to spoil it, God.
I know, I know, I know.
But they tipped the hat.
They had nothing to do with each other, you know what I'm talking about.
I know, I know.
They tipped the hat, is what I'm saying.
And then Gambit, I mean, hello, I was a little worried about how they were going to portray Gambit.
But, you know, he showed up and was like, hi, I'm Gambit, I'm going to be awesome now.
What I was actually most pleased with about him is that they actually got, his accent is legitimate.
It's not one of those overdone, fake Cajun accents.
It sounds pretty right for the area, so I was pretty pleased with that.
ActDeaf is in our chat room and says, I couldn't see the movie since theaters are closed in Mexico.
Because he lives in Mexico and you know how, you know, swine flu is all the rage down there.
As it is starting to be up here too.
They're closing all the movie theaters.
Ray Iannami said sign flu and I'm certainly thinking cosign flu next.
Alright, let's get into more video games.
Loki, did you play anything this week?
Yes, I did.
I played some DS stuff while I was sitting in an apartment with my wife's grandparents who don't speak English.
And there's everyone yelling back and forth in Russian.
And on TV they had a telenovela, which was in Spanish, but dubbed over in Russian.
So it was like double not understanding anything.
So it was awesome.
I like that double not understanding anything.
Zero plus zero equals zero.
Exactly.
But if you're a fan of like the soup and stuff, you may remember how they, I forget which soap opera it is,
but the guy that yells, Rick! I kept doing that because there was a guy that kept talking and that was funny.
Keep me entertained.
Anyways, actual games. I played more of the great Giana Sisters DS game.
How is that? I need to check that out.
It's a basic DS game.
It's just, you know, very much a rip off of Super Mario Brothers.
But that's what made the old school one on the Commodore 64 so awesome was that it was such a rip off of Mario Brothers.
How's the music?
I love the soundtrack to the Giana Sisters.
It's okay. It's not, I mean, I didn't notice any old remakes or whatever, but maybe there were, I mean, I never really played the original.
But it's funny though, I like how she gets the red orb or whatever and becomes emo Giana or whatever and just starts throwing fire that way.
It's like, oh look, I went to Hot Topic. Now I'm going to kick ass.
So that was okay.
I played a little bit more Rhythm Heaven but I still can't stand that game because it's not forgiving at all.
I mean, just, I'm trying to get gold on stuff and it's just not even worth it.
And there's another, like the second set of puzzles that I have that can't do it at all.
So I gave up on that.
I tried Gardening Mama and wow, that game sucks really bad.
Why? What's terrible about it?
I don't know. It's just not the same as Cooking Mama. It doesn't have that same charm to it.
Does it feel like a copy of a copy?
It feels like a copy of a copy and it's also confusing.
They don't really tell you what you're supposed to be doing a lot of times.
I'm like, it's not like, you know, where it's like chop and you kind of get what you're supposed to do.
This I couldn't figure it out so it was annoying.
And then I played a lot more Grand Theft Auto 4 and more on my PC because I'm trying to, my plan is I'm going to mod the rest of our systems.
And we're going to create custom weapons so we can play against each other.
And so I'm trying to develop what weapons they are.
I'm trying to make a flamethrower and I kind of got one sort of made out of like a sniper rifle and some like fire effect thing.
And it works pretty good except sometimes you can catch yourself on fire which is kind of annoying.
Well now that's no fun.
And then another one like a hurricane bomb or something where you throw it down and it just throws everything around but it can kill yourself also pretty violently sometimes.
So just kind of messing with that.
And then what else?
Oh I tried playing Bionic Commando but the problem is at our work our internet's like, even though we're on a T1, it's like split 200 ways and it's slow as hell and I couldn't connect any games.
So that was very disappointing and fortunately this weekend being so busy I didn't get a chance to actually play that.
But I do want to play that because that game looks awesome.
So yeah that's pretty much it for this week.
And I think I may have played a little bit more Excitebots somewhere in there because I finally unlocked the Super Excite.
So I'm actually going to be playing through that tonight which apparently is very unforgiving.
Even more so than the first game.
Yeah and Excitebots is here in studio tonight. So the wife finally let it go for her.
She gave up on it actually.
Oh my gosh really?
Yeah she said it was too hard.
By the way if you've never listened to the show before, something you should know about Loki's wife, she really doesn't play a lot of games.
But there will be that occasional game she gets obsessed with and Excitebots is one of them.
Excitetruck was really the one that she was really looking forward to and she still had fun with it but she's gotten to a kind of a wall right now where she can't S rank these Super Excite ones.
And I mean it's really hard. You have to get even more points than you did in the first time.
And the first time in just a normal Excite race, I mean getting S sometimes requires you to play a track like 20 times if not more than that.
And now you have to get even more than what you got before. It's just like you want to pull your hair out.
And then you get mirror mode which is even harder. And that's always fun. But you unlock more bots.
I saw the hand.
Yes there's a hand that tries to smack you for some reason.
It's the Smash Brothers hand.
I guess it's Master Hand but it's a hand that tries to smash you. I don't know. For no apparent reason whatsoever.
I do kind of want to check this game out. I know we don't have any guests to play it on Justin TV tonight.
But hopefully we'll have in between stories and be able to play some.
I also played a 101 in 1 retro game. I forget what it's called. It's an Atlas collection of mini games.
That sucked too. Because apparently you start off with like 10 games and you have to play through all of them.
And they don't control very well. And you have to score so many points before you can unlock another game.
And I can't because it doesn't control very well and it's annoying.
Dope.
That's alright.
Alright.
That's it.
Well let's see my game.
But I did want to mention something else we played. Which I don't remember exactly the title of the game.
I thought it was something like, was it Eat Poop Cat or something like that?
Oh yeah. The one I eat. Yeah. I remember. It had a very weird name.
Eat Something Cat Poop or something like that was the name of the game.
Yeah.
And basically it's kind of like a drawing version of Telephone. And it was awesome.
And isn't it just like the game LoL on the Nintendo DS?
Yeah. That's what it is. Yeah. Basically.
And just to explain this, guys. So you don't think we're crazy with the title or whatever.
It's basically a game where you write a caption, then you pass the paper to the left, and somebody draws a picture of the caption.
Then you fold the piece of paper over so the caption is hidden.
And then you pass it again. The next person writes the caption they think goes with the picture.
Then they fold over the picture. And the next person draws a picture to go with the caption.
And so on and so on. I know it sounds stupid as I'm describing it, but it's actually a lot of fun.
Because there's always someone in the group who will turn everything into penis.
No matter, you know, what you do.
That person was Rice Princess.
Yes. Truth.
Alright. Anyhow.
Other games. Let's see. My gaming week. Actually, I didn't play a lot of new stuff.
I still had the old standby old stuff.
Especially a lot of classic gaming on the Nintendo Wii this week.
Going into my archive of Zelda and Kid Icarus and all the old school stuff.
Not a lot of new stuff for me this week.
I don't think there's been a lot of new stuff that's been out recently that's kind of caught my attention.
So I am excited though about some of the Xbox Live Arcade releases coming up at least this coming week.
That I'm hoping to try out before I head off this weekend to Anime Central.
So speaking of which.
Let's get into some housekeeping tonight.
I wanted to talk about and give a little reminder.
I am going to be at Anime Central this weekend in Chicago.
I have a panel on Friday it's called So You Think You Can Podcast.
So if you ever want to hear more about how OLR got started or kind of the story behind it.
Or you want to start your own podcast and you're kind of curious where do I begin?
What kind of mics do I need?
How do I get a listener base or what have you?
I'm going to be doing that panel 4.30 on Friday and I believe it's panel room 7.
But I'm doing that off the top of my head.
Please check the program for the specific location.
I know it's one of the smaller rooms because they're not anticipating there's going to be a big crowd for that.
So let's prove them wrong and make it standing room only.
Also I want to give another thank you to the listeners for the wonderful show computer.
Sadly we're not broadcasting off that tonight.
But I think when we come back in two weeks we're going to be on that show computer.
The new one right?
So we haven't got a chance to actually put it together.
Yeah it just hasn't worked out.
And by the way since of ASEN next week I do not believe there's going to be a show next week.
So next week we will be off.
Unfortunately I don't get back from Chicago until actually it's funny I get back at like 7 o'clock.
So I'm just going to miss you know and that's hoping there's no delays or anything like that.
So sadly we will not be here next week.
But Bobby of course will be here as always.
So give his show a listen.
He'll probably run a little long next week to compensate.
Yeah Bobby was saying that he played Polls Big Adventure on WiiWare.
Which I've been meaning to actually play or install.
But I haven't gotten a chance to do that yet.
But that's a pretty awesome game.
That's the one that kind of rips off of all these different old school games.
They have like the castle from Mario Brothers and stuff in it and like weird stuff.
By the way the other good news though about having the show computer is that once we have that that computer will be able to travel.
So that way when I'm gone in the future we'll not hopefully still be able to have a show just without me.
Sniff.
But you know it happens.
We all have our real lives and so on.
Let's see.
Marissa by the way is in chat is jealous of me because I get to visit with the show's resident lesbians at ASEN.
Yes this is true.
I'm hoping to see the lesbians while I'm out there.
Apparently they hang out in the art room 24-7 is what I hear.
So I'm going to definitely stop by there.
And I'm hoping I'm going to take my video camera because our Orange Launch Radio YouTube channel is severely neglected.
I think the last time we updated it was like two years ago.
Well what a perfect opportunity this will be to get some stuff for the YouTube channel.
Because for a personal thing I do I've been using YouTube a lot more recently for like a non-gaming thing.
So I've learned how to like edit video a lot better and do that stuff.
So I'm excited to go to ASEN and actually shoot some video.
So I hope our listeners aren't camera shy.
Because I will be in your face with a camera.
And if so too bad.
Yes too bad.
Alright so I'm excited.
Okay that's really it for housekeeping tonight.
Let's get into some video game news.
We have a lot of rumors tonight.
Rumors, rumors, rumors.
But aren't rumors fun to talk about and we're going to see if they seem real or not to us.
And I think Loki's going to start us off tonight.
Yes one rumor that we have came from Engadget.
Apparently they have somebody that has captured what they I guess supposedly believe.
That is a brand new peripheral from Microsoft for the Xbox 360.
Kind of looks like a stretched out webcam or cross between a webcam and the Wii sensor bar.
Basically what this device is supposed to be doing is it's actually a motion sensing kind of almost like a camera.
It will actually be used to pick up full body movement and sound.
And apparently you can use this to capture full body and hand gestures.
Controlling games and characters.
Fighting games you can punch, kick, dive, jump, whatever.
You can also manipulate stuff on the screen by picking it up, pinching it, moving it, that kind of stuff.
Video conferencing.
They were saying that you can use it in a trivia game over the internet with live images of each person playing.
And the buzzing you would clap.
Some other stuff including sensor detects when the person is playing.
Only the person that's playing the game and not the people that are just watching it.
But I do believe they showed this off the company behind it during CES this year.
And it looked interesting. It's basically, I don't know, they were using it actually just a normal webcam.
And they had a boxing game and they were showing some guy doing that.
It almost looked like an iToy boxing game because you could see the guy in the background and stuff.
They have like a flight sim game and stuff.
So basically the same kind of applications you would use like an iToy for this would be used for.
But the iToy sucked.
Yes, but technology is getting better. Just like the PlayStation Eye is a lot better than the original iToy.
Okay, first off, real or bullshit? What do you think?
There's an image of it. I would say it's real and this is something that they've already...
Oh come on, we live in a day and age of Photoshop.
Okay, but they've already teased that, oh we're going to show something off of E3 that's going to revolutionize the way you play games.
Or the way you enjoy entertainment.
Uh, hello?
I was just being devil's advocate. I think it's totally real too because Microsoft rumors are always true.
I mean that's the rule of thumb we've learned over the years.
There's very rarely been rumors about Microsoft that aren't true.
And they're horrible at keeping E3 secrets as we learned last year.
Yeah.
Dark Sakura, real or bullshit?
Yeah, I'd do it for real.
Here's the thing though, even though it's real, it's not that new.
We already have a camera on the Xbox 360 and when I hear about this I shudder because I think of Totem Ball.
Which is that horrible, horrible video camera game they had that they tried to do the full body motion controls with.
Come on. I mean, granted technology has gotten a little better but come on, that game was shit.
I agree. I agree with you and this technology, they actually bought a company.
You know, Microsoft bought a company specifically that made these motion type controls.
And I hear that guy, I forget his name, I don't want to say Bobby Lee but I don't think it's Bobby Lee.
It's something Lee.
Remember the guy who did all those wonderful Wiimote things with the stereoscopic or the head tracking and that kind of stuff?
The one who did all those experiments?
Oh yeah, the demos and stuff.
Yeah, he works for Microsoft now.
That is such a Microsoft thing to happen to.
Yes.
So funny.
So I would not be surprised if this is at E3.
This makes sense because, I mean, and we're going to get into a little bit more later on with other things.
But if you think about it, these companies now are starting to take away what is unique about the Wii.
And when you take away the motion sensing from the Wii, what's left?
A GameCube.
Nintendo franchises.
SSJ100Matt in chat says, if at first you don't succeed, buy a company that does it better.
Chat.orangelandrader.com if you want to join us in our chat room.
Here's the other thing about it.
Video conferencing, not new.
We already have that on the Xbox 360 with the camera.
It's just that nobody bought the camera.
Except people who wanted to play Strip Uno.
That's the only reason people bought the camera.
Remember that game Year in the Movies?
Dropped down 20 bucks.
Oh yeah, I forgot about that game.
So it's 20 bucks with the camera bundled in.
That's actually cheaper than buying the camera by itself.
Do you think it's because they're unloading the cameras because they're not going to need them anymore?
Probably.
And, you know, this, I'm assuming it's going to be more than just a single camera.
Because obviously that didn't work before.
And they have new technology now.
We've even seen it before in past E3s. I can remember way back to E3 2005.
They were showing off camera technology that was actually put in bounding boxes around people's heads.
It was able to track individual people and was able to differentiate who's playing the game and who's not.
So, I wouldn't be surprised if we see this.
Comments in the chat room.
Deathwishing says, I bought the camera for Rainbow Six Vegas.
Yeah, you know, there were a lot of little games that would use the camera.
You know, like UNO had it and some of the other online Xbox Live games.
And then some of the other games, like Burnout Paradise.
You could take your driver's license picture with the camera.
Ooh-ah.
Well, every time you knock someone into a wall, you can do a little bit like, yeah, bitch.
Stuff like that. Little silly things like that.
Or making your own icon, which before we had the official OLR icon on Xbox Live Marketplace,
you could kind of make a ghetto one with the Xbox Live camera.
In fact, I think Bobby did that for a long time before he had his show's logo on Xbox Live Marketplace.
I think he somehow took a picture with his camera.
I could be getting that confused with the little big planet level, though.
Anyway, I also want to say some other comments from chat here.
Black Wolf, of all people, actually says, you're in the movies, doesn't work too well, sadly.
I can't get the right lighting.
That's always a pain in the ass with these camera setups, too, is the lighting.
If it's not just right, the game works terribly.
Like, I had a couple of those iToy games on PlayStation 2, and they work like crap.
You know what I mean? Like, you have to have the exact right lighting.
Well, I'm hoping that this stuff that comes out for whatever this camera or peripheral is going to be,
it's hopefully going to be a little bit better than the current camera out there.
You know, I've been a sucker.
I've bought all three cameras, both the PlayStation iToy and the Vision camera and the PlayStation Eye.
Granted, I haven't really used the PlayStation Eye.
I meant to use it when I was going to make all these little big planet levels, which I never did.
And, you know, the iToy or the Vision camera was... I don't even remember what the hell I bought the Vision camera for.
Just the habit, I think.
And, man, I can tell you at least with... I haven't tried the PlayStation Eye too much, but the other two, disappointment.
Except we did get a good webcam out of the iToy Play.
Back in the day.
So that kind of worked out.
Remember when iToy Chat was going to be the next big thing on the PlayStation 2?
Whatever happened to that?
Yeah. I don't know.
But, yeah, the PlayStation Eye, though, they're definitely doing a lot of things with it.
I mean, like, they have that, you know, eye... Was it a pet thing that's coming out?
And, you know, the other concept games that they've made, you know, where they can capture images and stuff that people draw.
I wish they would actually...
Look at that eye of crap.
I wish they would actually implement, you know, that.
Well, this wasn't the eye adjustment stuff, because scanning cards is retarded.
That's been around forever, you know.
Hell, there's the e-reader on the Game Boy Advance.
I'm talking about actually, you know, something unique where you can actually, you know, draw the tanks and stuff like that.
That's kind of cool.
But they never released it, because it was just a little demo that they made.
All right. Well, guess what?
This rumor about motion controllers does not stop with Microsoft and the Xbox.
Sony, apparently, is working on something as well, which shouldn't come as too much of a surprise, right?
You know, Nintendo has been leading in sales, and, you know, the big thing that separates their system from their competitors right now is the motion controls.
So, of course, Microsoft and Sony want to find ways to get a piece of the pie.
So we hear this at a Microsoft's camp, and out of Sony's camp, there's a rumor, according to this blog, called The Cut Scene, which is related to Variety.
So it's not just some Joe Schmo's blog.
This is related to Variety, which is a huge magazine in the entertainment industry.
Some sources leaked to The Cut Scene blog that Sony is going to be unveiling a new device at E3.
It's not quite the same thing, though, that Loki's been describing for Microsoft.
It's not a camera.
It's something that's going to have pointing in it, apparently.
It's basically, they don't know yet if it's going to be the regular controller infused with a pointer, which is a possibility.
But this thing that I'm looking at, according to these patents, almost look like, I don't know, it looks like somebody's playing Samba de Amigo with these maraca-type things.
Now, they're not actually maracas, but the little pointers look like little devices.
But here's the thing, though, is really they're targets that are being used with the PlayStation Eye.
Oh, you think?
Yeah.
So it's not, I mean, it's basically like the reverse of the Wii setup.
Instead of actually having the sensor bar just being a couple lights, and then having the receiver be in the actual remote,
this is actually using the camera as the receiver, and then the points or whatever of reference are actually on the controller.
Well, continuing on the patent here, they actually say, yeah, this small camera will track the movement of multiple LED lights on the controller.
So if you use your PlayStation Eye, and maybe they're going to put lights in these controllers or something so that you can actually move them around, they call it a Wiimote in reverse.
Well, because it wouldn't be that hard for them. They've already got 6-axis, which does all the tilting and that kind of stuff.
Now they really need depth of field and kind of the IR pointing stuff that the Wii has.
There you go, they've decided.
Well, let me read you this one final quote about this.
Quote, because the camera can read different color lights and the shape and angle of each light, it's much more accurate than the Wiimote.
It can track precise movements, including along the Z-axis, pushing towards and away from the TV, something the Wii is really bad at, as well as velocity.
The fact that it's tracking actual colored lights and not just infrared, yeah, that does make it a little bit better because the Wii can pick up anything that's infrared.
And if it mistakes a reflection of something, then it's going to get all messed up.
But that, I'm sure, if you're playing near a glass coffee table, like I do, it'll probably still tweak out a little bit.
Truth or bullshit?
Truth, but I'm not sure if they're announcing it at E3.
Interesting.
Because they've had a lot of motion sensor patents and stuff.
I mean, I could see them doing that.
I mean, why not?
Because they really don't have the casual sector yet, so, you know, Microsoft's made more of a move towards that.
But Sony, not so much, other than karaoke and, you know, trivia games.
I'm going to say distorted truth.
I don't think it's necessarily, I'm along the lines of what you're saying.
I don't think that they're going to launch this whole new controller, this motion controller that you're going to have all this extra crap for your TV.
I think they're going to find ways to use the devices they already have.
Maybe releasing a new six-axis controller with the lights in it that's going to involve this.
So I would say distorted truth.
It's one of those where there's smoke, there's fire type of things.
It can even be something even smaller, I mean, because they have a USB port on those controllers.
You could literally just plug something into the top of the controller and run it off the power for the controller.
Dark Sockroach?
I was going to comment, you know, if you want to turn that phrase around, where there's smoke, they could be on something.
That's true too, but I want to ask you, truth or bullshit?
I really don't know.
Every Sony rumor has been true, so let's just go with true on this, because seriously, every time they're like,
no, that's not really happening, we have no plans for that, what are you talking about?
And then it's like, oh, hey, look, price drop in PlayStation 2.
That totally surprised you.
But wait, how many times have there been rumors that the PlayStation 3 price is going to drop or be redesigned?
That never happens.
I don't think that's rumors.
I think it's wishful thinking.
A lot of those rumors, though, are coming from people thinking, okay, Microsoft's dropping their price or, you know, this is coming out.
They've got to drop it in order to be competitive.
Well, they don't care, so there's no price drop.
Just consider the source.
But it's going to happen.
All right.
So knowing that Microsoft and Sony, one way or another, we all pretty much agree, except Dark Sockroach is not sure,
but we all pretty much agree they are making movements to go towards motion control.
We at least all agree that Microsoft's going to do it.
Well, let me put it this way.
If one of them does it, it's either Sony or Microsoft, the other one's pretty much going to have to do it.
Of course Microsoft's going to do it.
Microsoft has made their machine out of ripping off good ideas and doing it well.
That's not a slam on Microsoft.
They do a great job of ripping off good ideas.
You know what I mean?
And making them better.
Anyway, here's what I want to ask.
Should Nintendo be worried?
Yes.
Because really, everyone's looking at innovative motion controls.
That's what they pride themselves on, these games.
And granted, they have franchises and stuff.
Don't get me wrong.
Mario Kart's awesome.
Mario Galaxy's cool.
Zelda's really nice.
But when you look at it, though, and especially with Microsoft, the price point,
if they start coming out with a Tiger Woods game that's motion sensitive on the 360, it looks better.
It may be slightly more expensive.
And a motion controlled game on the Wii, now it's not the only option for motion controlled stuff.
You can get it on both platforms.
And now that's a problem because a lot of people just pick up Tiger Woods game on the Wii,
even if they own both because they want that extra kind of immersion for it.
But now you can take those awesome Red Steel or something like that, or Matterworld,
that looks awesome but is kind of limited by the hardware.
Now you've got more powerful hardware and the motion controls.
That's going to be some really awesome games.
And unfortunately, Nintendo, I can't see them doing anything very innovative at E3.
And I bet you anything all their announcements are not going to be innovative
and they're just going to be sequels to their franchises,
much like a Pikmin 3 or a sequel to Wii Fit.
Hell, they have a sequel to basically the Wii Mote coming out with Wii Motion Plus,
the fix, something they should have had in the first place,
and a sequel to Wii Sports because that's what sells on their system.
And funny enough, that's why I disagree with you.
I think Nintendo has nothing to worry about.
Now, when I first heard this earlier in the week, I had the same reaction you did.
I was like, oh, Nintendo's fucked.
Now they're going to have this new thing with the motion control.
They're taking what makes the Nintendo Wii so great.
They're putting it on this new hardware.
Nintendo's screwed because everybody's going to want to go to the better looking games.
But I thought about it, I thought about it, and I thought, you know what?
That's not really going to happen.
At the end of the day, Nintendo is still going to have kids and soccer moms.
And that's who they've built their audience on.
That's how they built their system.
That's who's still going to be loyal to them.
Remember, people are not buying the Wii for the Wii.
They're buying the Wii for Wii Sports.
And at the end of the day, Nintendo still has Wii Sports.
Will this put a crack in it?
Yes. Some of the fanboys and the hardcore, a little crack might be put in Nintendo because of this.
But is it enough to shatter Nintendo? Absolutely not.
Yeah, they're already too far ahead, but I think it will slow them down.
Because now they can't say that they have all this innovative control stuff.
Now they actually have to think on their feet and come up with something new.
I mean, that's really, I think, what they should be doing, is coming up with something new.
Because now they've caught up to, you know, you can only be really innovative so long.
Now people have caught up to what you had.
Just like with Rumble and stuff, people started implementing Rumble, now everybody has it.
It's like, you've got to come up with the next big thing.
And here's the thing. Also, keep in mind, the motion is built into the Wii.
It is a part of every Wii game because it is what makes the Wii.
I mean, besides maybe a couple games here and there that decide to ignore it.
But you know what I mean. It is integrated into the Wii.
You know, the motion control is the Wii.
With the Xbox 360, this is something extra.
This is not something that they're putting in, that was not already in the system by default.
So you're going to have to buy this extra peripheral device.
Unless they start including it with the system.
They still have millions of units out there without.
And do you think game developers are just going to ignore those masses?
They can just bundle it with a game that's like, you know, something that everybody wants.
But look at the history of peripherals. Very, very few do well.
Most tank. Power Glove, U-Force, Power Pad.
Video cameras, which we were just talking about, the vision cameras.
Yeah, but I think they would have done a lot better if they were bundled in with games.
Look at what Nintendo's doing now. Wii Fit.
They want to sell a lot of balance boards, so what they did, they included the software free.
They wanted to sell a lot of, you know, remotes and stuff like that, so they included a game for ten bucks more.
I do want to say before somebody in chat screams their head off, some peripherals do break the mold and do well.
Guitar and drum and DR have all shattered.
The Wii Wheel.
You'd be surprised how freaking popular that is for a piece of plastic.
I mean, I don't...
But for the Wii Wheel, we had a Lynx Crossbow.
Here's the problem, though.
Okay, and I understand, you know, Lynx Crossbow training, well, with the Wii Zapper, that sucked.
And yeah, the Wii Zapper is a horrible peripheral.
The thing is, here's the problem that Microsoft has.
All the people, though, that wanted, you know, the Wii, you know, for Wii Sports and that kind of stuff,
they're going to buy the Wii because it's cheap, you know, or cheaper.
But now, you know, with Microsoft and stuff, actually, if they can come out with some sort of way to bundle in like a sports game in this motion sensor,
they might be able to pull it off.
But they're going to have to have a must-have game with this.
Because if they try to pack in totem ball, don't fucking bother.
Like, seriously, don't fucking bother, Microsoft, if you're going to put in a game of that quality.
Like, they're going to have to put in a must-have game.
And they got to be careful if they're going to try to be competitive with the Wii Sports thing, you know what I mean?
They're going to need to have the must-have game with this in order to sell this thing.
I mean, that's how Guitar Hero and all that, those peripherals did well, is because they came with must-have games.
Link's crossbow training, not so much a must-have game.
DDR, pop culture icon of the late 90s, early 2000s, you know what I mean?
It's, you know, the DDR pads did fairly well because of that.
Yeah, and it also depends, you know, Microsoft's going after the core gamer.
They're trying to get into more of the casual game market.
Nintendo not so much anymore with the core game where they just want to bring on new people that haven't played games, which is sad.
I don't know, we'll see out of E3.
I'm sure it's going to be exciting either way, but, you know, they have to do it right, the games have to be good.
You know, because you're right, Total Ball sucks.
HungryMister in chat says Halo 4.
I mean, that would be going for the juggler, but I just don't see that as being...
Like, I don't know, when I see myself in the game, Halo's not really the type of game I want to be doing the most.
I don't think they're going to overshadow Halo ODST right now.
I mean, that's more of an announcement for, like, next year.
And they need something more than Halo, because Halo's not going to bring in the casual gamer.
And to be fair, GameGuru said the same thing and said, that's the game you need to put the X mode in.
I just, you know, I just think it would be if Halo 4 supports it, it'll help drive it, but I just don't think, you know,
I think they're going to turn off a lot of their Halo, because there's some people that don't want this.
There's some people that are going to, you know, and that's what turns some people off to the Wii.
They don't want to be up around flailing their arms about and all this stuff.
You know, there's some gamers that don't want to do that.
And I bet a lot of the Halo fans don't really want to get out of their seat and run around like a maniac to kill people in Halo.
You know, they want to sit there with a controller and do it that way.
So I think it would actually be a mistake.
Enhance Halo 4 with this? Maybe.
Mandatory? Probably not.
Alright, anyhow.
I like to run and fill about and kill people.
Well, then you're one of the folks that maybe would benefit from that, but I'm just saying the majority of Halo folks.
The majority of Halo folks would not like it.
So I don't know. What type of game would you like? Is there any type of game you think could be successful with this?
I think the fitness bandwagon is where it's at.
I agree with that, but I was also sort of thinking about a revival of, like, Marvel Madness maze games.
Where you control it with your hand.
You know, that type of thing. I think that would be actually pretty fun.
Or, if I was going to do a game and nobody steal my idea, I would actually do recess games.
Where you could have Virtual Red Rover and Simon Says.
EA Playground did it first.
Okay, whatever.
I like that idea, though.
That's kind of like Wii Sports, but different. I like that idea.
EA is giving me Sims 3, so I'm happy.
Alright, anyhow. Let's move on with some more news. I'm sure we will get calls on this later in the show.
We will take your calls later in the show. 1-877-GAME-OLR.
But not right now. We want to get through the rest of the news first.
We have more rumors, right DarkSakura?
Well, the people that leaked the Forza 3 rumor have also sent in an image showing that there's going to be perfect dark on Xbox Live Arcade.
And so, it could possibly be it has the same thumbnail image that Rare leaked in April.
Okay, I was just watching what Loki was doing with the controller.
Loki's playing on Excitebots right now, so it's a little bit distracting.
It looks a little perversion.
It looks like you're driving the Batmobile or something. This is an interesting car.
It is an actual bat he's driving. This game looks kind of fun, actually.
As I was saying, the thought overall is that there could be more rare Nintendo 64 titles coming out on Xbox Live Arcade, but there's not really enough to support it yet.
We have to wait and see.
I know there's a lot of perfect dark fanboys, and certainly I did not like that new one they had on Xbox 360, like their launch title at all.
So, you know, going back to the classics, I think it would be a lot better.
No, it's also funny. They also had Bean listed on there, which I don't remember if that was a codename for either the original Perfect Dark Zero, or if it's a sequel to Perfect Dark Zero.
That was also listed on there, which is kind of funny.
And then, of course, as Jamie mentioned, Forza 3. They once again teased Forza 3.
They actually had the logo kind of, I don't know, poorly airbrushed over, but people could tell what it was.
So, obviously, I mean, kind of going back to, hell, that old ass survey that leaked out all the information about Forza 3, you can better believe that it's going to be at E3 this year.
Of course, it's going to be big.
And it's going to be funny, too, because Gran Turismo 5 still hasn't come out yet, and I don't know. I wonder when that's going to come out.
But, of course, no details on it yet, other than, you know, Forza 3, kind of the logo is being shown there. You can tell it's Forza.
Hmm. Forza, not a racing series I particularly get into. It's a little heavy for me, but I guess there's a lot of fans of Forza, certainly.
So, I know there will be a lot of folks that are all about this at E3 this year.
Well, we have other big, big rumors, and this one has to do with portable gaming.
And, yes, it involves the PSP, and apparently the rumor has leaked out about the new PSP that's going to be shown at E3 this year.
It's called the PSP Go.
Apparently the rumors are starting to snowball with this, and it's due to some 1UP reporting from earlier this week.
According to some inside sources, apparently it's going to be getting a complete hardware redesign.
It kind of, it looks to me like a cell phone with one of those screens that pops out like a sidekick.
Like, that's what this little machine, I don't think it's supposed to be like that, but the way this thing looks is it looks like a sidekick to me,
where the screen kind of pops out, and then you have the controller underneath it.
This is the silliest thing I've ever seen in my life.
It's interesting, isn't it? But if it collapses down into like the size of a little cell phone, I can kind of see that.
It's still silly.
I don't know. Yeah, it's kind of one of those things I'd have to see.
Apparently it's going to have two different flavors, 8 gigabyte flavor and 16 gigabyte flavor.
That's right, internal memory built in, although there's other rumors around that there may have some actual like tiny, tiny memory sticks that go with this.
But here's the thing that makes this system so different.
No UMD.
It's going to be, and meaning no disks, so meaning that the game will be entirely fueled,
and this is where the rumor's been going for a while now that there's going to be this PSP2 that's fueled this way,
that this PSP Go is going to be fueled entirely off downloadable titles.
In fact, over 100 classic and new PSP titles, they are saying, available at the system's launch.
One of the biggies, Gran Turismo Mobile.
I hope for their sake they're not doing this move in hopes that it's going to cut down on their piracy,
because I'll have them know all the PlayStation Network titles that they have available.
They're only for download only.
Those have already leaked out, and they've leaked out just as fast.
So they better hopefully fix whatever ways people have of exploiting their system and putting custom firmwares on,
because if they don't, this is going to be completely useless.
Although, at the same time, it looks neat.
I know. I've got to say, I kind of disagree with Dark Soccer when she says it looks silly.
I'm kind of interested in this. I don't know why.
I already have a PSP, but I really like the idea of the fact that it's small.
I won't have to worry about disks, because the system is going to be built in to play all these games.
I don't worry about disks already.
Shut up.
But you know what I mean.
Me, the legal player, doesn't have to worry about this kind of...
If they have a good interface with the PC...
Well, I have a PlayStation 3, so it's not going to matter, because you know it will interface with that.
But if they have a good interface with the PC, I kind of think this might be kind of cool.
Well, right now they have the firmwares that are already up there where you can actually browse the PlayStation Store on the PSP.
So, you know, it's just as easy as the PS3.
What's interesting about this, you're not talking about a hardware upgrade with this, which is what I find really interesting about this.
It's not a PSP2.
That's where I'm kind of like, huh, at what Sony's doing here, because they're not taking this opportunity to upgrade the hardware at all.
And I don't really see the point of needing to hide the controls in there.
I mean, really, is there any reason why you need a sliding screen, unless the screen is going to be touchscreen or something like that?
Because it's a look thing, so if I put a little protector on the screen, I can carry it around in my pocket and not have to worry about breaking the buttons.
It's just like a cellphone.
Yeah, the buttons don't break, though.
You can seal the keyboard underneath the screen.
I don't know, unless they're making the screen bigger, which would be nice.
And I heard that was part of the rumor, that the screen was going to be bigger.
And they're talking about some other PDA system that they have right now that's like some weird resolution, but they're maybe 720x480 or something, what they're going for.
I don't know, we'll have to see. I'm sure if they're going to announce it, they're going to announce it at E3.
Although, I kind of find it funny that they've already revised their system like three times already, so...
They're just trying to find the perfect fit.
Let's read some comments from chat. This is stirring a huge response in chat right now.
chat.orangelandraday.com if you want to comment.
Goldanthro in chat says, no UMD is fucking retarded, and the downloadable titles will probably be DRM to hell.
Deathwishing says, I like owning cases, that sucks. HungryMister says, oh shit, this is amazing.
TheRobD says, yeah, that's interesting stuff, it might be a good idea, I don't know if storage can support it though.
That's kind of true too, is that when you're talking about how many games are going to fit on 8GB.
The largest UMD game is 2GB.
So, that you're talking like maybe...
But most of them are not 2GB.
Okay, so maybe seven games. So, there better be an easy ass way for me to move games on and off this thing.
Like an iTunes-ish thing to manage my system.
That's the problem though, is if you don't have high speed internet, even still if you have high speed internet,
downloading a 2GB game is going to take a long time.
And all these caps now too, with like Comcast and all this says 250GB and so on, that could be dangerous, right?
Well, I don't know if they're really worried about used game sales because their games don't sell that much anyways.
So, I don't really see that impacting stuff.
But, I don't know, if it's all digital, it's just going to make it a little bit cheaper for them.
Let me get some other comments from chat real quick.
Tiger Claw says, I prefer owning a physical copy of the game rather than a digital version.
Brad from Pod Culture says, not a fan of the no UMD deal though.
I think it looks kind of neat too.
Make the switch and do something like Nintendo. Put the game on a chip. A slot wouldn't take up near the space that UMD would.
But, at the same time, this is not going to really sell to people that say, for example, own a bunch of PSP games already,
because now they've got to replace them all or buy them again.
And really, do you think people are going to buy their games again?
I mean, that's wishful thinking, Sony, if that's what you think is going to actually happen.
Yeah, that's another thing is that if I already own this game on UMD, there better damn well be a way that I can transfer this onto my PSP without having to re-buy the game.
That's going to be shitty, if not.
And I have a bad feeling that's where we're going.
Because how else is it going to know?
And there's no other way, unless, I mean, the only thing I can think of maybe as another alternative for this is,
you know how they have DVDs now where they have digital copy?
Basically, it's a digital version of the movie. Sometimes it's on it, and sometimes you actually download it.
Yes, that's how I got Mamma Mia on my phone, when I bought it on Blu-ray with a free copy.
Exactly. Well, what if now they're going to have something similar where you buy a UMD game, and then you get digital copy as well?
So, for example, if you don't say, I mean, if you have this only download game system that you can use that to play the game,
and then maybe give the copy to your friend, I don't know.
It doesn't sound like a good idea.
Eventually everything will be digital, I'm sure, or maybe head that direction, but kind of making that leap now.
And iTunes, I'm sorry, or the iPhone and that kind of stuff, that's a little different.
I mean, the App Store, you have a lot of weird stuff on there, useful stuff, not necessarily just games.
And I'm sure if they had a way to do standalone games, they'd probably be selling games for it as well,
but that's the only means to get stuff on there.
And the fact that they're going to try to compete with that is kind of dumb with taking the UMD out of the picture.
Hitstun in chat says, Sky, apparently you can go to a store and they'll have a kiosk that will transfer your UMD game to a memory stick.
I hope to hell that's true, because if it's not, and I'm going to be forced to rebuy the game I already own on the PSP1, I will turn to piracy.
But here's the thing.
I mean, I hate to openly admit that on the show, but that's dumb.
But that's even more retarded if they're going to do that, because what's going to stop Joe Blow from loaning his game to somebody?
I could buy one copy of Grand Theft Auto Vice City Stories and loan it to 50 people and they can all get it dumped to their, you know...
Unless they use a key.
But not for old games. Old games don't have that.
And each game isn't marked, you can't tell one from another.
You know what, though? What about Joe Blow taking this latest CD that he bought at the store and his friend ripping it to his iTunes?
You know that happens rampily as it is.
I know, but they're trying to figure out ways not to do stuff like that.
I mean, granted, we can assume that someone's doing that, but they're making it super easy.
It's just like, you know, Rob, I can have you buy a game and then now we all have the game, because you bought the game.
Awesome!
You know, I like that idea.
If it was that easy, here's my question to you.
If it was that easy and it was that open, would you steal the game?
Yes.
Damn you, you're not doing well for my troubles.
Because there's nothing easier than not driving to the store and not, you know...
No, I mean, seriously...
I don't understand you sometimes, because you pay extravagant amounts of money for some games and in other games you're just like, eh, I'll just download it.
You know, that's the only reason I sometimes stick up for you, is because I know the disgusting amount of money you do spend on video games at the end of the day.
So, I'm somehow strangely okay with the piracy.
Let's look at, you know, a lot of the stuff I pirate or download is stuff that I'm trying out.
And granted, that's a stupid excuse, yes, but I literally play the game for five minutes and then that's it.
I'm done, I don't play it anymore.
Perfect example, Gardening Mama.
I played that for two minutes today.
I will not be playing that game ever again.
That game is getting deleted.
But I'm glad I didn't buy it, because that game sucks.
And yes, I could have rented it, but once again, I have to go to a store, at the finest store, first off, that rents DS games.
Go to that store, rent the game for, you know, $7 or whatever, and that still wasted gas, time, and money for something that took me two seconds to download.
And, you know, I blame Nintendo for not having demos for their, well, they do have demos for their games, and I guess I could have tried it out online.
Big deal, that still takes too long on the Wii, and really, I don't want to do that.
But then if a game is good enough, you'll buy it, like a SiteBots.
Yes, exactly.
SiteBots, I could have pirated that.
It was out that same day, it was out early, you know, I could have pirated that, but no, I bought it because it's awesome.
And, you know, Grand Theft Auto, I don't have to tell you how many times I've bought that game.
I bought it on the PC and five times, actually six times on the 360, and all the expansions I bought six times.
So, you know what, Rockstar has my money.
Alright, I just wanted to present both sides of it for the people that get, you know, little angry clouds over their heads when you talk about piracy and all this stuff.
I want to be fair and present both sides.
And, you know, to be honest, the last game I played on my PSP, I don't even remember when.
It was so long ago, PSP. The last thing I played on my PSP? Rift Tracks for Twilight, and that was awesome.
Alright, that's going to do it for our PSP discussion.
If you want to call in about this later, I'm sure we'll get some calls about this a little later on the show.
But we want to move on to some release dates and some non-rumors, things we know that are coming out very soon.
We'll start off in the UK.
Sorry, UK, nothing till the 12th.
What a bummer.
Must be a slow release week, or a non-release week.
I think that everyone's recovering from May 1st being a fertility holiday.
Isn't there a bank? Yeah, I was going to say, isn't there a bank holiday?
That could be.
Maybe.
I think it was like on the 7th or something. I don't know.
Alright, well then so much for UK releases. How about the US?
In the US, there's actually some stuff coming out.
This week, actually speaking, it's very ironic that we were just talking about all these digital downloads.
Patapon 2, the digital download only, or you can get the little card to redeem it, is actually going to be available on PSP this week.
Also this week, we're going to be getting Donkey Kong Jungle Beat, part of the New Play Control re-release series on the Wii.
Fantasy Aquarium World looks like shit, so don't buy it. It's on the Wii.
Really cheap though.
Puzzle Kingdoms, a game from Zoo Games, actually created by the creators of Puzzle Quest, and it's basically a rip-off of Puzzle Quest.
But you can get that on the DS this week.
Knight of the Museum, Battle for the Smithsonian, that's going to be on Xbox 360, Wii, and DS this week.
Also, Jagged Alliance coming to the DS, which, man, that's an old game that they're porting over there.
Crysis, the Maximum Edition, I believe that's with Crysis Wars, the original Crysis, and the online multiplayer one.
That's going to be available for PC.
Destiny of Zorro coming out this week on the Wii.
Leisure Suit, Larry Box Office Bust, finally coming out on the PS3.
If I need to remind you guys, that got horrible reviews and apparently really sucked, so keep that in mind.
And then probably the best one this week, Klonoa coming out on the Wii, which is pretty awesome.
The price now? $30 bucks. $30 bucks new. I mean, you can't beat that.
And then, of course, you know, to go along with that, you have to have a really crappy game.
Imagine Music Fest. Imagine if I cared. That's it.
Well, let's head on over to Japan.
Actually, I want to start, though, because there's nothing on the Xbox 360 for Japan this week,
but there is something coming out in the other Asian regions, specifically China.
It's the Dance Dance Revolution Universe 3 bundle with a dance mat in China.
The reason why I'm highlighting this is because this is a Chinese version with special songs for that region, like Chinese music.
So if you're into, you know, you like the Chinese rock and stuff, you might want to check this out,
because I do not believe there's ever been a DDR with Chinese music.
I know they've had Korean, they've had Japanese, of course, and American, naturally.
I don't know if there's been one before with Chinese. That could be the first one, to my knowledge.
On the PlayStation 3, nothing this week. It's a very slow week in Japan.
It's looking very similar to Europe. Even on the Nintendo Wii, not a thing as well.
There's not a release coming up until May 14th when you have a winning 11 game coming out.
On the PlayStation 2, nothing this week either. Same thing on the DS.
It is a very slow week in Japan right now, so not a darn thing being released except that DDR in other Asian regions.
So there you have it. We'll have more to talk about next week, hopefully.
So let's get back into some gaming news.
Well, there is a little news regarding a particular bit of rock and roll royalty, as in Prince, who is now, again, Prince and not, you know, that weird symbol.
That was actually incredibly brilliant on his part, because I won't go into it. Look it up on Wikipedia.
But still, he does some serious drugs or something.
No, no, no. Well, you know what the whole thing was.
No, I know. It's to free himself from his record label and da-da-da, but...
I thought that was a smart move and more like...
That's why he did the drugs.
...kicking, you know, giving them the finger.
But anyway, Prince actually turned down a deal to have his songs in Guitar Hero.
He has said that he doesn't have a problem with them, but he wants...
He thinks it's more important that kids learn to actually play the guitar.
To put the effort into it and not have it just basically handed to you.
He was quoted as saying, to play music is one of the greatest things.
I agree with that, but at the same time, I think Guitar Hero and Rock Band gets people playing the fake guitars...
Thank you.
...and it gets them interested.
Thank you. I'm like, you know, stop being arrogant. I mean, I understand.
I know plenty of people who play those games who have zero interest in learning the guitar for real.
They want the instant gratification.
Well, but it's better than no appreciation for music whatsoever, right? You know what I mean?
Like, it's the same thing with Wii Music. Remember, we had this same discussion when Wii Music came out about how,
hey, as dumb as this game looks, if it gets kids interested in music, it's a good thing.
It's different for, you know, younger kids, which I think Wii Music would more appeal to,
than usually the people who are buying Guitar Hero and Rock Band already have an interest in the music they'll be playing.
So, I don't...
Now, one benefit with all the download content is being introduced to new bands and hearing new things.
But at the same time, I really don't think that it's a great introductory medium now for people learning about music.
Wii Music, I think, is a completely different animal.
I just, you know, I just think it's a darn shame that he feels this way because, you know,
When Doves Cry would be, like, the most epic rock band song, in my opinion.
It would be fun. I would buy that in a heartbeat.
You know what would be better than that?
What?
Let's Get Crazy.
Or 1999.
That'd be fun, too.
That's more synth.
Yeah, but, you know, since we're never gonna get the keyboards, you know, we...
Keytar!
They do synth-y songs in Rock Band once in a while.
I just think it's a darn shame. There's some pretty kick-ass Prince songs.
I wish they would just go above his head and go to Warner Brothers, which owns the old music, and just get it.
No, honestly, honestly, I would rather them get it from, get the permission of the artist,
because that's more respect to the artist himself.
He doesn't want his music in the game. He has every right to turn it down.
And if that's his reason...
And I have every right to call him a cock-knocker because of it.
If that's his reason, and it's his music, like, I would be the same way with my art if it was something that I didn't agree with.
If I had done something, now, if it was something that I was doing just, you know, like, corporate something or the other,
and that's the purpose I was being paid for, yeah, but if someone saw something that I did,
and say, wow, I think this would work good in my ad for anti-puppies.
But I like puppies, so I say, no, you can't, you do that. Or for, you know...
You made an ad against puppies? What's wrong with you?
What exactly is an anti-puppy?
A cat?
Well played.
Cats rule and dogs drool. Love, Jamie.
If it was for something that I didn't really support on my own, then I would say no,
and it would be my right because it's my work.
I agree with him that it's his work, he has the right not to support it with his work.
But I have the right to think he's kind of a douche because of it.
I mean, it's just fun. We just want to have fun.
You can think that all you want to, but it doesn't change the fact that it's still...
You're right, it's not going to change the end result, but...
It's still his right to say no.
Luckily, though, for you guys, that Guitar Hero is put together so lazily
that there are a lot of programs out there allowing you to create your own custom mixes.
I don't want to go to that kind of trouble.
I know, I'm just saying that if you want to put the effort in, you could get your own,
you know, Prince Guitar Hero.
Yeah, but I'm too lazy and that's what it really boils down to, so what can you do?
But really, who would really want to...
Who would really want to own, like, a Prince Guitar Hero?
I would not.
Unless it's like, you know, weird shaped guitar.
I would if you get purple velvet suits with it.
And if you get guitars shaped like that symbol, I actually might have to do it.
Come on.
That would be kind of cool.
See, even Loki can't resist.
It's just because it's so ridiculous.
I would like to see one that would actually have clips of purple rain in it.
Now the thing is, though, I want to see if they have, you know, available the... was it the Guitar Wolf microphones?
You know, the ones that shot fire out of them when you sang into them?
Yeah, that's cool shit right there.
Wait, is that like Dance Dance Simulation?
I don't know.
They have a Burning Man, the version of DDR that when you screw up it shoots fire on you.
But all I know is Guitar Wolf is awesome, and the movie Wild Zero is retarded and, you know, awesome at the same time.
Anyways, there is some pretty interesting stuff, though, coming to Rock Band.
I'm actually kind of excited about some of this.
Mainly one song.
Wait, I'm sorry.
Why is the chat room screaming about glitter right now?
Death Wishing says it would also come with a lot of glitter.
Probably.
Hopefully it comes with a vacuum, too, then.
You know, glitter is one of those things, like, if you throw glitter in your house, ever, or you let somebody that has too much glitter on their body, like, sit on your furniture, you will be finding that glitter like a year and a half afterwards.
Like, why is there glitter on my sofa?
Glitter sucks.
This week, Rock Band is actually getting quite a bit of content, including a Franz Ferdinand 3-pack, which will include Do You Want To, Lucid Dreams, and Take Me Out.
All those are available for $2 separately, or 160 Microsoft Points, or if you want to save 50 cents, you can buy the pack for 440 Microsoft Points, or $5.50.
Also, coming out, individual songs each for $2, or 160 Microsoft Points, including the one I'm looking forward to, Smooth Criminal by Alien Amp Farm, Blue Sky by the Allman Brothers, Midnight Rider by the Allman Brothers, Drain the Blood by the Distillers, Naked Eye by Lucius Jackson, or Luscious Jackson.
I love that song. That's one of the ones I'm going to buy.
And, let's see, Idealistic Types by Prong, and The Banishment by Prong, and that's coming out this week.
You know, it's not the play fanboy or anything here, and, you know, I'm really pro Rock Band, but it's sad when you see, and we're going to probably get into Guitar Hero's lineup for next month, or for this month,
it's sad to see that what's coming out one week for Rock Band is about the same as coming out the entire month for Guitar Hero. Just, you know.
I still don't own Guitar Hero World Tour. I don't see the point.
Yeah.
To be honest, like, all the songs I want to play are in Rock Band, and I don't mean to sound fanboy either, but too bad.
You know, like, when I look at the list of songs in Guitar Hero, and put it next to the list of the songs, including download content in Rock Band, Rock Band wins for me, and I don't see the need to own both.
I don't. Now, the ironic thing, though, the guitar I own is a Guitar Hero guitar, so if you're Guitar Hero fanboy, just STFU, sit down.
I still own the Guitar Hero guitars.
Yeah.
But, yeah, I don't really care for the game.
And the best part about Rock Band, though, is there's a lot of songs available on their Rock Band store. In fact, they have finally hit the milestone of 666 songs.
Yes. 666. The most.
Was there a 666 song, like, Skynyrd or Marilyn Manson, or what did they do? Was there a celebration for the 666 song?
No, there wasn't, but I didn't see what exactly was the 666 song.
Oh, I guess it was, um, it didn't really say it, but it was part of, whatever, Jane's Addiction's Nothing Shocking, one of those hit, you know, 666.
I guess Jane's Addiction works. I guess I can see that.
Yeah.
At least it wasn't, you know, but it would have been funnier if it was one of those, like, you know how they've done, like, the SpongeBob SquarePants stuff, and the, uh, you know, they had some of the, like, the Nickelodeon show or whatever?
Like, it would have been funny if they had had, like, Hannah Montana or something as the 666 song that came out. That would have been pretty funny.
So, good times.
Alright, anyhow, um, there's other music games, of course, on the horizon, not just, you know, Guitar Hero and Rock Band, but there's a new Wii game called Wii Rock Drum King.
Um, the game apparently is, uh, already on its way to Europe, and it's gonna come out in North America this year, but here's the thing.
It's gonna get redubbed Rolling Stone Drum King, and that's, uh, not because it has a deal with the actual band, the Rolling Stones.
It's based off the music magazine. You know, Rolling Stone, like, it's a huge magazine. It's like an oversized magazine.
They've been around for many, many, many years talking about music, and, uh, yeah, kinda interesting that it's gonna tie in there.
Uh, you're just gonna have to have two Wii remotes for air drumming. That's all you use in the game, and it's, uh, being developed by ARC System Works,
and some of the songs that you can see in the game, We Will Rock You by Queen, Final Countdown by Europe, Song 2 by Blur.
There you go, Dark Soccer. I know you're a Blur fan. Uh, Feel Good Inc. by The Gorillaz. Wow, there's lots of, uh...
That makes me happy.
There's lots of Damon love in this, uh, particular game, and, uh, such 90s classics as All Star by Smash Mouth.
So there you go. Just some of the songs you can play in the, uh, Rolling Stone Drum King.
So that's a name change from We Rock Drum King. So I guess it means lots of free ads in the magazine. We'll see.
Alrighty, a little more news for you guys before we take a break here at, uh, here on Orange Lunch Radio.
Well, there is a particular game that lots of people play just to make stuff in, and I am one of them.
Um, it's actually The Sims. There's stuff on Sims 3 out now. Um, there actually is going to be, um...
You get, well, and again, this is, uh, written of course for the UK audience, but, um, you get, um, six pounds worth of Sim points to spend at a Sims 3 store.
And you can buy clothes and furniture and all kinds of other stuff, um, and you can get extra points in bundles of 500, 1000, and 2000.
Um, you also get a game launcher, which is, um, meant to be a hub for the Sims community.
So you can get information and downloads and uploads and stuff. All kinds of things.
You can take pictures of your Sims and do videos and meh meh meh meh meh meh meh.
So, um, if you go to TheSims3.com, um, you can find the marketing website.
But, um, actually, uh, on the 5th of June, Cinco de Mayo, for all of us here who give a damn.
Wait, the 5th of June?
Sorry, I don't say, I meant 5th of June. I was thinking...
Okay, okay, I have to go off, we were planning a party, so I've had it stuck in my mind.
Ah, that's alright.
Sorry. And, no, no, you guys aren't invited.
Aww.
I meant, well, you guys are invited. I'm talking about the listeners.
I didn't want to come.
Well, you gotta come sometime. Anyway, um, sorry, 5th June, um, which, uh, will have a full community and product site.
And a new town, which you can download. And some stuff that's coming out for PC, Mac, iPhone, and iPod Touch.
And I actually might have to play it on my phone.
So you can go, uh, you people suck.
I just will be happy as long as there's, you know, textures and stuff.
I just want different ways to kill my Sims. That's really all I want.
I want more haunted houses. I want to make Silent Hill.
In, in Simverse.
I always liked making the elaborate death traps in The Sims, so that'll be fun to do in Sims 3.
You know, I always like to build a pool with no ladder to get out, and so they drown, because they're not smart enough to just climb out the side.
That's always fun.
I like going into debug mode and putting them up on the third floor of my house on a balcony that has no way out and a toilet.
So that they at least could go to the bathroom, but they'd starve to death.
Didn't you try to build the diving board really high up into the pool?
Yes, on the third floor.
What you were going to do is you were going to pause it while they were in mid-air and then take out the pool?
I wanted to do that, or I wanted to, I like, put the diving board out so that they, you know...
My favorite thing to do is just to make the human terrarium, where you get, like, all clear doors, you know, glass walls.
And then you put, you put them in the, you get them to go into the room, like, by leaving some chicken or something in there.
And then you pause the game and add the other walls so that people can just watch them.
I know what I'm, I know what I'm going to do.
You know, this new one, they've got, like, a lot of video, you know, editing features and that kind of stuff.
Saw.
Oh God.
I wonder if we're going to get any more strangerhood with The Sims 3.
Because that was pretty funny, by the guys that do Red vs. Blue.
If I had more time, I'd say let's do, like, an OLR in The Sims. That'd be fun.
We could totally.
I will never forget, however, the house that my old roommate built in The Sims, where he put, like...
What was the most people he could have in a house? Like, six?
So he put five men that would all, like, make out with each other and kiss each other and all this stuff.
He put five men in the house and one woman.
And he forgot to put a bathroom in the house.
So everybody would just do their business on the floor.
And he'd make the woman clean it up and do all the cooking and cleaning.
All the guys just continued their sex orgy all day and night.
And she never got to sleep and she finally died of sadness.
But we were all laughing so hard at the concept.
Like, seriously, my side hurt from laughing so hard.
Because we're so mature. So there you go.
Okay, they're saying in the chat the limit was eight.
That it was seven men and one woman.
And the woman had to clean up after the mess the guys made.
Good times.
There's another game that's going to be revealed by Square Enix, apparently, soon.
Possibly at E3.
This is coming from, they have a special URL at squareenix.co.jp slash mystery.
And there is a screenshot that looks like a giant rendered futuristic cityscape.
And basically a quote from John F. Kennedy saying,
The world is very different now, for man holds in his hands the power to abolish all forms of human poverty and all forms of human life.
And people are thinking, huh, that's probably Front Mission now coming out on 360 or maybe the PS3.
Should I get excited? I'm not very serious.
I don't know. Front Mission is a mech kind of military strategy game.
It's more of a tactical game.
And I think it would be very cool if they brought it out.
Oh yeah, I think I have played this, after all.
I think I did play this on another system.
A long time ago.
Yeah.
Interesting.
And also, apparently, I guess the same image was used at Teaser, also in the official Xbox magazine, according to 1UP.
And the teaser text made it very clear that it was going to be Front Mission for the 360.
Without saying that it is, they pointed their finger at it.
Well, one game that has been confirmed that is coming out is a version of Soul Calibur for the PlayStation Portable.
It's coming out this summer. It's a game called Soul Calibur Broken Destiny.
Some of the first details leaked about this this week.
It looks very similar to Soul Calibur 4, but it's not a port of Soul Calibur 4.
It is kind of a new game.
Some of the characters that will be in it, Taki, Mitsurugi, Tyra, Astaroth, Ivy, Cassandra, Voldo, Siegfried, and Hilda are all going to be in this game.
Apparently, there's also a new fighter.
Dampier is the new fighter, and I guess this guy has wrist blades.
Kind of interesting.
Also, there's supposed to be some character customization, which has been in the more recent Soul Calibur games, and ad hoc wireless play.
Not over the internet, but at least you get that same room wireless play.
That's called Soul Calibur Broken Destiny.
I guess that could be cool. I like the Soul Calibur games.
I'm sad, though, that The Apprentice won't be in it, because that was the best character in Soul Calibur 4, was The Apprentice.
You think so?
I think so, even though so many people hate him.
I think he was awesome.
If you haven't played the game, it's The Apprentice from the Star Wars series.
I had Yoda and Darth Vader, and The Apprentice was the other Star Wars character, and he was pretty awesome.
Speaking of fighting games from Namco, I'll tell you what makes me super happy is Tekken 6.
It's going to be on the PSP, though, along with the console version, so that's pretty cool.
Except it'll have some exclusive content. It'll have certain items, certain stages, and a ghost mode,
which means that you can download and share character data to play versus matches with.
So I guess sort of like how the conquest mode was in the old Soul Calibur in the arcade, where we used to beat up each other's characters.
So it's pretty cool. I'm looking forward to it.
Cool. There's another thing coming out, kind of tying in with the whole SNK fighting game series.
SNK, The King of Fighters, is actually getting an online franchise, The King of Fighters Online.
It's going to be developed by AAA Games, and apparently is a PC-only title right now.
And no word on whether that's coming out over here as well.
I know right now it's supposed to be available in the Asian regions, and it's coming out on the first half of 2010.
I can't tell if this is actually a fighting game or a brawler game, but it looks good though, so that's kind of cool.
What's up with this? Didn't we just have a King of Fighters shoot-em-up last week, and now we have an RPG?
I guess so. They're branching out.
Interesting. Why suddenly all the King of Fighters love?
I mean, don't get me wrong, it's a fun series, but it's a little weird.
I mean, really, a shoot-em-up with fighting game characters? A role-playing game?
What the heck. This reminds me of the Mortal Kombat story modes and some of those...
Like, you know the Mortal Kombat games they had on the Xbox and stuff? You had those story modes that were really cheesy?
That's kind of what this reminds me of for some reason. I don't know if it has anything to do with that. I don't know.
Well, one more story for you guys before we get to the Classic Game of the Week and the end of this half of the show.
You might have heard us talk about a game previously called Six Days in Fallujah.
It was a game that was going to be published by Konami, and the game had to do with one of the big battles that happened in, of course, the recent Iraq war that is actually still going on.
Well, Konami has pulled a plug on it with this quote.
After seeing the reaction of the video game in the United States and hearing opinions sent through phone calls and email, we decided several days ago not to sell it.
And that came from a Konami spokesperson talking to Sahi, which is a Japanese news site.
Don't know, though, if the game has been pulled entirely because, you know, the developers, Atomic Games, they could still put it out with another publisher, but this is certainly going to be a dent in it.
So, and some people are saying, you know what? It was just too soon.
Do you think it was? Do you think it was too soon for a game like this?
No. It's relevant. I mean, you wait any longer, it loses its relevance. It doesn't have the same impact it would otherwise.
I kind of agree. If you don't like it, don't buy it.
I mean, I went about this game because I don't like war games anyway, whether it's World War II or, you know, history wars.
There's very few of those types of war games I'm into at all.
So this, I just kind of looped this in with that category. But, you know, these memories, you know, there have been people that died in this war that has happened very recently.
I had a friend from high school who passed away in Iraq. It's tragic.
And so why would it actually be respectful to pay what they went through justice? I think.
Oh, I don't have a problem with the game, but I'm just, you know.
This actually goes to me with a tendency of people to want to bury their head in the sand and ignore that bad shit happens in the world, you know?
You know, people who just want to go, oh, well, that sucks. Boohoo. Paris Hilton. Oh, my God.
You know, it's that whole, we want to look past it and not think it was really there by claiming that it's too soon or disrespectful or whatever.
But I think that people really need to have the reality of the situation driven home. And what better way to do it than a video game that's based off of accounts of people who were there?
You know, maybe I'm just desensitized to the whole too soon thing. You know, I've mentioned on the show before, I've done Rocky Horror Picture Show for years and years and years.
And we like to make jokes about things that are oftentimes, it's way too soon to make the jokes.
For instance, the last time I went to Rocky Horror was the day that Bea Arthur died. And somebody cracked a joke that evening about how, did you guys hear Bea Arthur died of cancer today?
And it was really sad. It's too bad that she had testicular cancer. See? See? And you're laughing.
I know. That's fantastic.
See? But like, you know, that was the day she died.
But this wouldn't be meant to be humorous. It's a different story.
No, I know. I know. I know.
You know, I'm a fan of shock humor. Don't get me wrong.
I say that because we all have different ways of remembering things. You know what? And for me personally, I laughed my ass off at that joke.
But I loved Bea Arthur because I grew up on the Golden Girls. You know, I remember watching that with my mother, you know.
I just remember watching the Deadpool PSAs with him having a poster in his room that says, don't you wish your girlfriend was hot like Bea?
All right. But look, look, look. But my point is, is that, you know, some people laugh at funerals and that's just how they cope.
I don't know. Loki, you wanted to say something. I'm sorry.
Oh, I was saying that people probably take offense to the fact that the game, not only they spoke to, obviously, the soldiers that were fighting over there, but also the insurgents as well.
Including, you know, some terror cells or that kind of stuff.
So, I don't know. Whatever. It probably wouldn't have been that good anyways, to be honest.
But I'm sure it'll come out eventually. There's a lot of publishers out there and a lot of them that like to take, you know, games like this that are done and publish them.
Especially smaller companies that'll take the ones that no one else wants.
All right. Well, we will see what will become of this game, if anything at all. And if it raises a ruckus when it comes out.
I'm sure there will be that sensationalist news report, you know, the Channel 13 Looks exclusive look at this, you know, oh, there's a video game that you can replicate what's going on in Iraq.
And it's just gonna, people are just gonna not get the context of it and take it the completely wrong way. So, whatever.
Anyhow, let's get into a happier subject, shall we?
I want to talk about Bea Arthur.
We can talk about Bea Arthur, but that's not usually what this music is for.
I am.
This music symbolizes the classic video game of the week. That's right, a segment on the show where Dark Sakura digs through the archives of games and finds one that she believes you should all be playing.
And, you know, especially with knowing what Dark Sakura's picked this week, classic doesn't have to be super old.
Even more recent games can be classics.
Well, the one I picked is, you know, eight years old.
All right, so it's still...
So I want to see if our people in the chat room can figure out what it is based on the intro to the game.
Here it is.
James, honey, did something happen to you after we got separated in that long hallway?
Are you confusing me with someone else?
You were always so forgetful.
What about that time in the hotel?
Maria?
You said you took everything, but you forgot that videotape we made.
I thought people would totally...
Yep, we got guesses already, and we're pretty close.
It's Silent Hill 2.
The Rob D is the first one to get it.
Guess what? You win something.
Hmm.
The Rob D, you win my TurboGrafx.
Wow. That was easy.
Yep.
I can even take it to him, too.
Okay.
All right. Get it to me next week. We'll go take him TurboGrafx.
We'll have to autograph it.
So, Rob D, you win my No Controller TurboGrafx.
I didn't even know you were doing a giveaway.
That was the surprise.
Well, look at you. All right.
So, I have to just remember where we put it.
Anyway, we've been cleaning.
So, yes. Silent Hill 2 is the game du jour, or I should say, of the week.
And the reason why I picked Silent Hill 2, even though this is not my favorite of the Silent Hill series,
it's a lot of people's favorites.
So, I wanted to throw the bone out to the big fans of Silent Hill 2.
So, with this particular game, it's, you know, basically this guy goes back to the town of Silent Hill.
It's, you know, third person's perspective.
You play as this dude named James who is mourning the loss of his wife, Mary,
and he gets a letter from her saying they meet at their spot, and instead he finds Maria.
So, as the game goes on, it's pretty disturbing Silent Hill stuff, blood, pyramid head,
and yes, this game is the introduction of, by proper name, Red Pyramid.
Two of them, in fact.
So, that's pretty awesome.
This is the game that gave us the Red Pyramid.
Or as you all know him as, happy fun time rapey pyramid head.
Pea-hitty.
Pea-hitty.
That's why I call him a pea-hitty, you know, we're tight like that.
Anyway, so you know, you solve your little puzzles, and you pick up things, and you find things,
and you get a chainsaw at some point.
Chainsaw is awesome.
And, which I've seen Shane beat the game with a chainsaw, didn't he?
I wasn't there for that.
He beat Pyramid Head with a chainsaw.
That's fun.
That was pretty cool.
One of the times, anyway.
And of course, you've got your chick, Maria, hanging out with you, who, well, poor girl has no luck.
I won't say anything that happens to her, but if you haven't played it yet, oh well, whatever.
You also have multiple endings on this game.
You've got up to, you have three endings.
Over there!
Actually, yeah, three endings, I think, involving the actual story of the game.
Some of them are really fucked up and sad.
Some of them are, oh, there's one that's kind of happy.
And then, you get joke endings.
You get the UFO ending, which every Silent Hill game has.
And then, my favorite, the dog ending.
With the, of course, with the dog ending, it's just, it shows that a Shiba Inu is actually controlling the entire events of the game.
And of course, the UFO ending, James gets abducted.
There's also, though, yes, this is the music from the dog ending.
I love the dog ending.
I love the dog ending, too.
I just, like, he comes over and goes, what? You did all this?
And the dog comes up and licks him.
I like that the dog, though, is wearing headphones, listening to a Kiriyama music.
At any rate, there's also some of the newer special versions.
Well, in the special edition releases, there is a game, a little side story called Born From a Wish.
And this is actually in the Restless Dreams edition, or for Europe, the Interfears edition.
Ow, what's wrong?
I just pricked myself.
Also, I believe the Japanese one is called Saigo no Uta, which is Poem of the Last Moment.
But it is, it has the Born From a Wish story where you play as Maria, the other character in the game, leading up to her meeting with James at the beginning of the game.
It's a very, very interesting, actually, little, little story.
So, uh... I just want to point out, this is a scary, scary game.
Like, if you've never played a game like this before, you've got to try these types of, like, survival horror games, especially the Silent Hill series.
Because I'm telling you, these games are, like, so scary, like, they'll make your asshole slam shut.
Like, you know what I'm talking about. Like, one of those games where you're so tense.
Like, you're like, oh my gosh, I'm so scared, I don't know what's going to happen next.
So, this is a scary game.
Like, if you don't, if you think games can't scare you, play a game like this.
With all the lights off during a rainy night.
Well, the biggest thing, and this is why I like the Silent Hill series so much, is that it's a big look into the disturbing parts of the human psyche.
That's why I like it.
There's actually an enemy in this game who looks like, well, like a big rape going on.
But that was the person that that's supposed to be, that's, you know, what he did.
And, of course, Pyramid Head goes around banging all of the nurses and monsters and everything, getting in the way.
There is, also for the main character, like, you go into a room and he finds the dress that his dead wife wore.
And, you know, different things that relate to his psychosis, including the Red Pyramid being part of his psychosis.
The only character who does not see any of the monsters in the game is a little girl because she is innocent.
She doesn't have those type of deep-rooted, you know, issues going on.
Even though I seem to recall her being kind of a bitch.
She was. But she didn't have to deal with any of that as a point.
Also, another thing that I was looking at is that the character Mary came from Mary Ann Nichols and Mary Jane Kelly, who were Jack the Ripper's first and last victims.
And, you know, there was a character based off of Eddie Murphy when he was supposed to be, you know, more pleasant.
And a character named Angela, who was based off of the protagonist in The Net.
Oh, I never realized that. Interesting.
They've all been... And also, and this is something I didn't know, the layout of Silent Hill in the game was based off of San Bruno, California.
So, it is, to me, one of the best games ever. I love the soundtrack.
I actually used to wake up every morning to the theme of Lara, which was on that soundtrack.
Every morning. Until I got sick of it and had to change it to The Birthday Massacre.
And, also, if anyone wants to know about the movie, yeah, the second movie's coming, but Gons isn't involved.
So, has nothing to do with the game, though.
Well, as far as this game and that story being involved together, but, yeah, Silent Hill 2 is freaking rad.
Play it. And, by the way, my favorite is Silent Hill 3.
Alright. Well, there you go. Your classic game of the week, Silent Hill 2, available on the PlayStation 2 and Xbox.
And PC, but don't play the PC version, because it's ass. Bunch of ass. Worst control ever.
Alright. And then, maybe in the future, we'll hear a little bit about Silent Hill 3, since it is your favorite of the series.
Alright. Anyhow, though, we are going to take a break.
We're pretty long. We've been going for about an hour and a half. It's about 7.40 here on the West Coast.
We're going to take a break, and when we come back, more of Orange Lounge Radio.
We have plenty of news stories we still have to get to, including a very interesting remake that we've heard about that's going to be on the way for Xbox Live Arcade and possibly some other games as well.
As well as some game delays and some more rumors. It should be fun.
Also, stay tuned, because guess what? The contest, you know, I didn't even know.
It was such a surprise contest we just had on the show. I didn't even know it was happening.
But Dark Soccer just gave away Turbografx-16. That's not the only thing we're giving away tonight.
We are giving away a signed autographed copy of DDR on the PlayStation 2, signed by SmileDK.
And that's thanks to Breslul, who got that at the SakuraCon.
So we're going to be telling you more about that contest very soon on the podcast. Just stay tuned.
This is not something you have to be listening to live. Our podcast listeners will get a chance to win this as well, as well as our live listeners.
So stay tuned. We'll be back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
And we are back here on Orange Lounge Radio. And guess what, guys? It's time to do the giveaway.
Or at least I'm going to tell you guys a little more about the giveaway.
But first we are going to turn the moderation on in the chatroom there so that there's no talking amongst chat.
So that you guys don't try to give away the answers to each other.
Here's how it's going to work. What we're going to do, we're going to play five clips of DDR songs from the past.
And if you know the answer to all five songs, send an email to Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
And make sure that somewhere in the subject you say, contest, or it will get mixed up with the regular emails we get in there.
You need to say, contest. And if you know the answers to those, we'll draw one from the total...
Whoever has the most correct answers, we'll draw from that.
So even if you don't know all five, send it in anyway. Because if people can only get four of the five, you might still win.
And again, what you're going to win, a copy of DDR Supernova 2 for the Playstation 2, autographed by SmileDK, who is infamous for Butterfly.
And various other DDR songs as well. You should know them if you're a fan.
We want to make sure a fan of DDR wins it, so this is how we're going to test you.
We're going to play clips of five DDR songs, so here we go. Here is song number one.
Here is song number two.
Here is song number three.
Here is song number four.
And lastly, here is song number five.
Okay, there it is. Those are the five songs. This is open to the podcast listeners as well.
We're not going to draw a name until two weeks from tonight on our show on May 17th.
I guess that would be two weeks from tonight.
May 17th is when we'll draw the name, so get those contest entries in. Again, you want to get as many of those songs as possible.
Send in those emails to Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Make sure the subject says contest somewhere in it or it will not count.
I can't stress that enough. You need to put contest in the subject or something with the word contest in it.
You can put I love Rob, contest. As long as the word contest is in there, it'll be cool.
So there you go. The five songs for the contest this week. Giving away an autographed copy of DDR Supernova 2 by SmileDK.
Alright, I'm going to let you guys be able to talk and chat again. No giving away answers.
Alright, no giving away answers. There we go.
Okay, I guess we're ready to get back into tonight's Orange Lounge Radio, so let's do it.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio on this lovely Sunday evening.
May the 3rd of 2009, where we tape live. Every Sunday night, of course, here on Orange Lounge Radio.
On All Games Radio, www.AllGames.com is where we tape our show and allow you guys to interact with us through ways such as chat and so on and so on.
Alright, let's get back into some gaming news. We had a pretty fun first segment talking about some different things.
Let's get back into gaming news. Loki.
Well, apparently, it's the 25th anniversary tour for Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. They have an exhibit traveling across the country right now.
And part of that exhibit is a game being shown off on the Xbox 360.
It's an alpha version of what looks like a remake of Turtles in Time.
And by the looks of it, you would probably guess that it's for Xbox Live Arcade.
But, of course, possibly could make its way to the Playstation Network and WiiWare as well.
And it looks kinda cool, but definitely looks like Xbox Live Arcade material.
So, pretty cool.
I know this is a game a lot of people are very excited about.
Yeah, and it is alpha right now, so it could be a while.
I like that they've kinda reskinned it. It's not just a re-release of the game, but they've totally reskinned the whole thing, which is kinda cool.
Yeah, it looks nice.
So, alright. Very cool.
Well, that's not the only release coming to Xbox Live Arcade.
Space Invaders Extreme looks to be finally getting a release on Xbox Live Arcade this week.
Hurray!
Probably because the game, I think, was supposed to be out last month, but finally they're saying it's gonna see its release this week for approximately 800 Microsoft points.
They're not 100% sure if that's gonna be the final cost, but it looks like 800 Microsoft points.
Microsoft should either confirm or deny this tomorrow on Monday.
But I know I love this game on the PSP, so I'll probably pick it up on Xbox Live Marketplace, too, because I think it'll be fun to play in high def.
It has a great soundtrack. It has a great, great soundtrack.
So, I'm definitely looking forward to this game.
So, I'll check that out this week.
Well, how about something that has really nothing much to do with Xbox Live Arcade?
Okay.
It has to do with the zoo.
Yes, the Edinburgh Zoo renames their Wolverine in honor of Wolverine.
They named him Logan.
And I guess the tie-in that this has is that the picture that they put up is a picture of the Wolverine, and behind him was one for the game, Standy.
But they are using the, I guess, the fame of the movie right now to promote the fact that these are endangered animals.
I know Tigerclaw was in chat before the show telling me I need to check out the game.
He says the game is better than the movie.
And that's kind of surprising to hear because usually movie-based games are crap.
But he says the game based on the movie is pretty good.
Well, I should give it a rent.
Yeah, you should. Definitely check it out and let us know.
Because, you know, you are the comic book fangirl.
Did you participate in Free Comic Book Day?
I didn't.
Oh, no. How sad.
I had lots to do.
Oh, that's a bummer.
I was going to get out there, but I just, you know, forgot.
I've never been much of a comic book nerd, but hey, it's free.
You should have gone and got me one.
I know. I just forgot.
And I had other stuff going on yesterday, so I just never thought to go to the comic book store.
So, oh well. It happens.
Alright, let's move on. More gaming news.
Yes. Let's see. Well, we've got some other, well, kind of unfortunate news.
Also kind of tied in with the movies. You know, the whole Batman stuff.
Very successful movie.
Well, there's of course a new game coming out for Batman.
Batman Arkham Asylum. It's supposed to be out in June.
However, it's been delayed now to the end of summer.
D'oh.
Why? Just because they can?
Basically that it's, you know, to ensure, give the devs an extra amount of time to make sure the game is, you know, the highest quality for gamers.
So, in other words, the game's broken right now. It's got too many bugs. They don't want to release it the way it is right now.
I guess.
That's what it sounds like to me.
Alright, well, you know, I guess, isn't it worth the wait, though?
If they're going to fix the problems with the game, it's worth the wait, right?
Definitely.
It makes sense, though, to position it more towards the fourth quarter because it's, you know, a pretty big game.
This game does look kind of interesting, I gotta say.
Yeah.
So, I will definitely check it out.
Well, you know I love Batman anyway, but usually the games aren't that great.
There hasn't been, like, a really, really good Batman game that I've loved since the NES Batman game.
Batman Returns?
No, the original Batman game.
Nintendo?
Huh.
That they had. That was the last one I really remember liking.
I guess I heard Lego Batman's pretty good, though. I haven't checked it out, though.
Supposed to be. I haven't played it, though.
I haven't played it, so maybe I'm not being fair, so we'll see.
Hopefully soon.
Alright, moving on.
Lost Planet 2 is the game we knew was coming.
Apparently some new footage has been revealed for Lost Planet 2.
And apparently Capcom is trying to get a demo available for E3.
And guess what?
Not only is it going to be playable on the show floor at E3, but they are going to try to do one of those, you know, bring it home type things on Xbox Live again.
They did with the first one.
Yep, and they'll release a demo during E3 for everybody to play at home via Xbox Live Marketplace.
And this is all from the Capcom Unity blog.
There's some new trailers, some new screenshots that you can look at.
And they are hoping that there will be a demo available by E3.
By the way, there will be four player co-op in the game if you haven't heard yet.
And there's going to be a ranking system as well.
So you can compete for the biggest E-peen in Lost Planet 2.
Which looks to have ditched the snow for more of a... looks like more of an Amazonian...
Well, they didn't really ditch the snow, it's just the planet's starting to thaw.
Oh, okay.
Which I guess there was a little bit of it in the first game.
They put it in a defrost setting in the microwave.
Apparently, because it does look a little thawed out this time.
So it looks a little more jungly.
You do still see the snow in some parts, but, you know, has more of a lush green look to it than last time.
Well, you know, there's other things that have, you know, a green look to them.
And that would be zombies.
Zombies typically look green or gray.
Well, usually they're red after dining on blood.
Well, enough blood on them, yeah.
But I mean the flesh tone, you know, is kind of that green gray sickly looking thing.
But there is news about Dead Rising 2.
When they said that there were going to be multiplayer sessions.
Well, they were actually correct on that one.
Capcom said that there will be online multiplayer.
No details on it, but said that there will be.
So that's cool.
Oh, the one thing that Dead Rising 1 was missing is going to be in Dead Rising 2.
That sounds pretty amazing to me.
As long as you can still run over Amino with a lot more.
Hopefully. That's what I'm hoping for.
Well, they were showing off some pretty cool stuff.
Apparently the main character now, since he's not, you know, a photographer.
He's more of like a carpenter guy.
He can kind of fashion his own weapons.
So he had like two chainsaws strapped to, you know, this giant, you know, stick.
And then he strapped two chainsaws to his motorcycle and drove through a crowd of zombies.
So he gets the MacGryverism skill?
Yeah, and apparently they had up to 7,000 zombies on screen at a time.
So, that sounds sweet.
Another thing that sounds kind of sweet, actually, even though the first game was very disappointing.
Red Steel 2.
Red Steel 2 has been announced and it's apparently going to the Wild West.
It's going to feature motion plus support.
I'm not really sure if it's actually a Wild West game, but, you know, the main character kind of looks like he could be out of the Wild West.
But it looks really cool and they kind of got this cel-shaded look to it as well, which, you know, is kind of the rage nowadays.
And it looks pretty cool.
One word, though, that I have heard about it, though, is that it's supposed to be only motion plus.
You have to use motion plus to play this game.
So I don't know if they can actually do that, if that's going to be, you know, kind of a deal breaker for some people.
Motion plus with sword fighting sounds awesome.
Because I know the first game, man, control sucked.
Do you think it's really going to get better or is this kind of one of those, you know, all talk?
I think it could get better, but it's not even perfect.
I mean, they could very well make it, you know, really good.
But before, you know, the controls were kind of wonky, but we'll see.
I mean, they did some pretty innovative stuff with it, but it just didn't work very well.
GS68 in chat disagrees, says no Red Steel 2 will suck.
Act-Def says they'll probably bundle Red Steel 2 with motion plus.
Well, they're doing a lot of those bundles.
They got to try to sell that motion plus.
So does this mean that motion plus is going to be required for the game?
Yes, that's what they're saying right now.
Interesting.
So if they don't have a bundle with motion plus, aren't they severely limiting their audience?
I think so.
I would think people who would buy this would not necessarily be the same audience that's going to pick up a game like Wii Sports Resort, you know?
Well, motion plus is going to be sold separately, though, over the month prior to that.
And they've also got a bundle with, like, Tiger Woods.
They're also doing a bundle with EA Sports Tennis Grand Slam that's going to be, or Grand Slam Tennis that's coming out, you know, before Tiger Woods even in Europe.
And who knows, I mean, more bundles with this thing.
They got to sell those, you know, motion plus things.
They got to get people to realize, hey, you guys should spend another $20 on sensors that should have been in there in the first place.
Exactly.
And then we can come out with the controller with the sensors built in. Ha, bitches!
Yeah.
Then they can think of something else they forgot.
Then it'll be, oh, but now you want to get the Wii HD so that our graphics can be on there.
Oh, you need to get the Wii Balance Board Plus because now it has more sensors and is even more sensitive than before.
I bet you anything you'll see something stupid like that.
Haven't there already been rumors of a Wii Fit Plus?
Yes, there has been a Wii Fit Plus with the Balance Board, but I don't know if that's just the same Balance Board.
It might be the same Balance Board, I mean.
I don't know. Have you ever tried controlling Balance Board games? It's not very fun.
Just Wii Fit and it works okay. It's not that bad.
Like the marble rolling game?
Yeah, it's alright. It's very, very sensitive. It's very, very, very sensitive.
But I think because those games are supposed to challenge your balance, it's why it's that way.
I haven't played any of the standalone balance games. There hasn't been anything that really, you know, caught my eye that I really want to get.
But this caught my eye and is something I probably really want to download. It's a remake of Adventure.
And I'm talking about Adventure for the old school Atari 2600. That's right.
It has apparently been remade, and I guess this is by folks that frequent the Penny Arcade forums.
They've done a completely unauthorized version. It's called Adventure 2600 Reboot.
Here's what makes this game cool. They've basically taken the Adventure setup and they've redone the whole darn thing in like 16-bit graphics.
And we're looking at a little YouTube here in studio what this game looks like.
And it's pretty cool because they actually have the dragon flying around and it's kind of neat.
But if you run into it, it'll eat you like it just did there.
Or you can get the sword and, you know, you remember the old game on the 2600? You get the key, they go up in the castle.
Well, they redid it in like all these cool little like 16-bit sprites. So I thought that was kind of cool.
Apparently this project took about seven months to complete. Kind of interesting.
The person who coded and designed Reboot, William Steinberg.
And he had a whole little interview with Game Set Watch talking about it.
And it was a whole team of people. It wasn't just this guy, but he was kind of the spokesperson talking about the project.
So pretty cool. I might have to check this out.
Do you think you will? For real?
I think I will. For real. If you want to find this, it's at slash x dot google pages dot com.
There's a whole little page about the Adventure 2600 Reboot.
And I get the sense why? Because we can.
There you go.
All right. So moving on now, we're going to get into tonight's mailbag.
When you guys send us emails at mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader dot com, we like to read our favorites here on the air.
And that's what we're going to do right now. DarkStalker is going to dive in.
I don't think there's a whole lot of emails tonight, sadly.
About your tongue.
Oh, did we get a lot?
We got a few.
Cool. So DarkStalker is going to dive in.
Good, because I put on the Twitter earlier that people needed to make you work. So I'm glad to hear they are.
What did you do that for?
All right. Mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader dot com if you want to make her work.
This email. Cake or pie? That battle of the century.
From someone who sincerely loves old people.
Pie.
I like a good chocolate cake.
Pie always wins.
Okay, we actually have one from Dan Shadow.
Hey guys, what's more dangerous? Chimps or raptors? Help me out here.
Are these for real tonight?
I am serious and I'm reading them because you fucking made me.
Oh god, raptors. Look at Jurassic Park. Although chimps can carry Ebola virus like you saw in Outbreak.
You're thinking of velociraptors. A raptor is like a hawk.
Aren't velociraptors a kind of raptor?
I think chimps are dangerous if you give them a gun.
What if you give a raptor a gun?
Well, here's the thing. If you're actually talking about velociraptors, velociraptors are extinct and chimps are still alive and full of diseases.
So obviously it's chimps.
Fine.
Now if velociraptors came back from the dead, they would probably be full of diseases as well.
Raptors. Raptors are...
I would bet anything the emailer meant to say velociraptors because raptors by themselves are not that scary.
But velociraptors, terrifying.
But they're carnivores.
And raptors, the jets, those are pretty dangerous too, you know.
And the raptors flying velociraptors.
This comes from Gil.
And the monkeys, the band, I don't know how dangerous they'd be.
It's my first time writing in and I'll make it a short one.
What do you think about the new PSP Go?
How long until it will be hacked because the 3000s are not hackable to the public yet?
Should they release the hack or wait for the new PSP?
If they were smart, they would wait for the new PSP to come out, but they won't.
They won't.
They've already got a sort of proof of concept done already for the new PSP 3000.
Hacker groups are pretty competitive.
They don't want to sit on it and wait to have someone else beat them or else all their work is for naught.
But you will better believe that when that new system comes out, all they have to say is unhackable.
And then they'll be like, oh, we're going to get down on that shit.
And it'll be hacked before you know it.
It may take a little bit of time.
The problem is it may have to use an exploit in the game to do it.
But it'll be interesting because if everything is downloadable, they'll start to sneak the patches in the games and all that.
So you'll have to, you know, patch.
It will be interesting.
You know, they're always going to find a way.
They're always going to find a way to hack it.
This one.
Ready for the next email?
Yes.
Hey, OLR, I was wondering if you guys buy the PSP 3000.
I've been thinking about, OK, bad grammar.
I've been thinking about it.
I currently own four PSP 2 Slims and a THAT.
I'm interested in your thoughts because tonight you're going to talk about the PSP.
It's Y-O-U-apostrophe-R-E, not Y-O-U-R. That's possessive. Duh.
Maybe I should just wait instead of just wait for the rumored PSP 2.
Sorry for the late notice.
L-O-L-C-U in chat.
Sincerely, Hungrymercrunk.
HungryMrCrunk.
Was that typed on a PSP?
I don't know. This is Hungrymercrunk.
Or your OLR member, Columbia99.
What was the question?
There's only two periods in this whole thing.
Should it get a PSP 3000?
No.
Not when you know that this PSP Go is on the horizon.
I don't think so.
And the PSP 3000...
I wouldn't get either.
The PSP 3000 really only had just the microphone built in, basically.
Seriously? Why?
If you really love your PSP, then wait for the PSP Go.
But if you already have a couple PSPs, which it sounds like you do,
I don't see the point.
Again, this PSP Go is not going to have any additional hardware to it
that we know of so far.
I mean, granted, they might come out and say something at E3.
Sure. Buy one. Help the economy.
Well, I love how they're all,
oh, well, we don't want to add another analog stick to it
because then that'll make certain games incompatible.
You're making them all download anyways,
so they're going to be incompatible with whatever.
You know, just have...
I'd say add the second analog stick
and that way you can actually do proper emulation
on some of these older PlayStation 1 games.
All right.
So, take our advice or leave it.
Buy one and help the economy.
Ain't my money, so I don't care.
Send your money to me.
Send your money to me, now.
I'll stimulate the economy.
Oh, I bet you will.
Anyway.
Hey, OLR Peepshizzles.
Okay.
With all the rumors about the PSP 2 or whatever Sony will call it,
I was wondering what are your top three features
that you want for it.
Ooh, this could be a list list.
I personally would like a larger screen
and separate mini USB device that allows you
to load your UMD games onto it for playing games
that you already own without switching disks.
Also, I would love dual analog sticks.
Much love, someone who dearly loves old people.
Wait a minute.
Didn't we already hear from somebody like that?
Yes, we did.
I'm sorry.
I got kicked from IRC in the middle of that question.
Top three features for the PSP Go?
Yeah, that you would want to see.
I want a Tic Tac dispenser.
Made of bacon?
No, no.
I want orange Tic Tacs.
I don't know.
Because they're not going to do much
that they're not already doing with the PSP,
it's so hard to say.
Dude, they may as well add a phone unit on that thing.
It looks like one anyway.
The number one thing I want to see
is I want to make sure it's easy
to download the games and get them on.
I want to see integration with my PC.
I want to see something that when I plug this thing into my PC,
it has a cool little front-end system like iTunes.
And I got criticized for that earlier by somebody in chat
saying iTunes isn't that great.
And they're actually right.
iTunes is not that great,
but it still makes managing the device a lot easier
than if you didn't have something like that at all.
I'm talking about something pretty for stupid people
that will allow me to manage the content on my PSP.
That's what I would like more than anything.
Dude, a soccer ball!
Are you watching Loki playing?
Yeah, I was watching Loki play because he's a soccer ball.
Well, that's my idea.
Loki, do you have anything?
Touch screen would be nice.
A better web browser.
And...
Pagle.
More RAM.
Actually, I think they should add more RAM to it.
Who cares? Just add a more beefy web browser, more RAM,
and...
Yeah.
Touch screen would be nice.
Xlink in chat says porn.
PSP needs more porn.
There's plenty of porn out there.
And plus you can convert it all.
Well, plus the thing gets on the internet, right?
That's all the porn you need right there.
Exactly. That's why you need a better web browser.
It should have a GPS.
That might be neat.
And it should have...
It should have a Tic Tac dispenser and Altoid dispenser.
And apps like the iPhone.
Open-end development.
And the Tamagotchi.
That's on my list, too. Open-end development.
It should have the little tiger games on there like football.
And all those games.
Alright, we've given more than three.
This listener should be satisfied.
Okay.
Dear God, whoever wrote a novel...
Oh, that's act deft.
Okay.
Hi, OLR. This is your friendly and swine flu free neighborhood Mexican act deft.
Can I just say, swine flu, what the hell?
People need to stop it.
Stop it with the swine flu garbage.
More people die from lots of other things.
Like, oh my God.
And I'll admit at first, if you go back and read my Twitter,
at first I was kind of like, eh, because I was worried that it was actually going to be an outbreak.
But like, you know what, more people die from the regular flu.
It's not as big of a deal as people were making it out to be in the beginning.
Knock it off.
And you can eat pork and not get swine flu, by the way.
It made me want to cry when there was an actual caption on CNN saying you do not get swine flu from eating pig.
I just think it's an excuse for people to use swine in everyday conversation.
True story.
My uncle is a pig farmer out in Elk Grove, just south of Elk Grove, has a big pig farm.
He's been on the news twice this week because apparently, I never knew this before,
he's the president of the National Pork Board, who knew there was one,
and he's talking about how this is hurting business.
They've lost 20% of business since the swine flu thing came out.
I'm going to go get pork chops.
There you go.
He actually said on the news, if people will just eat a pork chop a week and some bacon, we'll all be fine.
I'm thinking in the back of my head, boy, Loki's probably sitting there watching this going, no problem.
I'm not sitting there watching. I'm eating pork.
I think all our listeners, unless you are Muslim or Jewish or any other religion that doesn't allow you to eat pork.
Or vegetarian or whatever.
Or vegetarian, whatever.
Go to your local IHOP and order a bacon platter.
That's right. Please help keep my uncle in business.
Go get some bacon right now.
Go get some bacon.
Unless, you know, Jewish, whatever.
Everyone get together and just do the bacon march and hold up banners that say, bacon does not give you swine flu. Eat up.
Bacon is meat candy.
H1N1 be damned.
I heart bacon.
Bacon is meat candy.
I need a shirt for ASEN that says I heart bacon.
Can I get that quickly?
I bet you could.
I have a shirt that says I heart bacon.
Can I borrow it for ASEN?
No.
Oh, damn you.
That, of course, was only half one.
All right.
I'll figure it out.
Hi, OLR.
This is your, okay, I already read that part.
As we may already know, Harmonics is going to release some rock band games to expand the franchise.
Though what I don't get is why people are bitching and whining about it.
First of all, all those that are saying that Harmonics is trying to milk the franchise and are going the way of Activision.
Look at all the Guitar Hero games that have been released and all those to come in the near future.
Guitar Hero Metallica, Smash Hits, Van Halen, On Tour Decades, and the Arcade Game.
Just to name a few.
By the way, the movie theater had a Guitar Hero arcade.
Just thought I'd let you know.
Now look at what Harmonics has released or will release at the same time span.
ACDC tracks, Unplugged, The Beatles, Lego Rock Band, and that's it.
Guitar Hero has overloaded the market while Rock Band is expanding its current market.
Not to mention that you can export tracks and play DLC in whatever rock band game with no problem except for The Beatles and Unplugged.
And we don't know about Lego yet.
While with Guitar Hero you have to own every disc to be able to play every song you have on them.
Not to mention changing discs every time you want to play a song that's on another disc.
Yes, I know this isn't a problem for some, but it's still something that would be more quick and useful.
Excuse me.
To top it off, people are also asking, why Rock Band Unplugged on the PSP?
Where's the reason on that?
Well, the reason is that if they had more info on it, they would know it is a spiritual sequel to frequency and amplitude made by Harmonics nonetheless.
No instruments, just press the buttons and according to what the track is, and of course, according to the rhythm.
And the new songs featured on it will be on the Rock Band music store for consoles.
Also, Unplugged will have its own music score, not like Guitar Hero on tour, in which you need the peripheral to play and you can't play on tour on your DSI.
And not to mention the awkwardness when you're playing it with N-Node DLC, whatever. Sorry, whatsoever.
To sum it all up, Rock Band is not turning into Guitar Hero. Stop bitching about it.
Harmonics knows what they're doing. That was all in caps, but I feel like screaming.
Sorry if this email is a long F you rant, but I need to get it off my chest.
Thanks for reading and for listening to your listeners.
Smile face!
Happy face!
You just, you did the smiley, my favorite smiley. Okay.
I agree that Rock Band isn't milking as bad as Guitar Hero, but I worry that it might be going that direction.
If this Lego thing will not let you import songs, I'm going to be very disappointed.
It's not going to, it's a different publisher.
I think that's the only reason-
Oh my god, my mic wasn't on, I'm sorry.
I was going to say, if this Rock Band will not let you import songs, I'm going to be very disappointed, this Lego one.
I don't think Rock Band has jumped the shark as bad as Guitar Hero.
I'd be surprised if they let you. I think there's going to be too many problems because it's a different publisher.
But if it were the same publisher, I'm sure they would let you.
Same with the Beatles thing. The Beatles thing, they have a special deal there.
It's, you know, Beatles only.
If they come out with a Rock Band 3, you better believe all that stuff from the other games are going to be, you know, able to be dumped into there.
And you never know, they made surprises with Lego Rock Band.
Maybe they signed some sort of deal that, you know, you can do that.
Maybe you pay, like, so much money and those songs get dumped in there.
I highly doubt it because it's a different publisher, though.
But once again, those are optional. You don't need to buy them.
Whereas, you know, and as we mentioned earlier in Part A, the amount of content they're releasing per week is matching what Guitar Hero is releasing per month.
That's pretty sad.
And in place, you're getting these standalone games that you have to spend $60 for.
No thanks.
But once again, those are optional, too, so.
Well, also, I want to make a comment, though, about emails. Henceforth, unless I feel, you know, otherwise at the moment.
If I get any more emails during the show, I'm probably not going to read them until next week.
So, you may as well just understand that.
Yep, good idea.
Anyway, last email comes from Cheeseburger.
Hey guys, sometimes you talk about how you need to stop getting on random tangents. Well, I would just like to say that I would not listen to OLR if not for the personality from each host. Random food, news, and political talk are just random tangents about randomness.
I've never seen random news so much in a sentence before.
Anyway, that's what makes OLR different from other video game shows.
Just, I'm not in the mood for just straight, sometimes I'm not in the mood for just straight video game news. Sometimes I want a good laugh. Keep on podcasting.
Keep in mind that the bitching about tangents is also part of what makes the show the show.
Yeah.
So, it all goes hand in hand.
Brought to you by Halo 3, home of the never-ending four-year-old rocket noobs.
It's over!
Alright, we're done with the mailbag. That was Mailbag at OrangeLongTrader.com if you want to participate in the future.
There you go.
By the way, Bobby is typing a monologue in chat right now about the whole Rock Band import.
About the Rock Band import songs, you did not import songs from ACDC.
They gave you a DLC code and you downloaded the songs from Xbox Live or Playstation Network.
You did not rip them from the disc like Rock Band 1.
You never had to put the ACDC disc in your 360 to get the ACDC code.
You just needed the code in the manual.
That's why I don't buy the it's a different developer excuse, because ACDC Rock Band was developed by a different developer as well.
I wasn't saying different developer, I'm saying different publisher.
That's the deal there. I mean, the developer doesn't really matter if it's going to be in the same series.
It's just like Guitar Hero has been developed by a bunch of different people.
I mean, it's been harmonics for a lot of it, but then now they have...
I don't remember the last developer doing the new one.
For Guitar Hero? Neversoft.
Neversoft, yeah.
So, yeah, it's not developer, it's publisher.
And because it's a different publisher, it's not EA.
If EA was putting it out, then yeah, I'm sure they could do some sort of way to port that stuff over.
But because it's Warner, it's a little different. I don't know.
But also because it's Warner, it may have some good music in it.
Because, I mean, they do have the Warner music license.
True.
Anyways, kind of a completely off the topic of Guitar Hero and Rock Band.
One versus 100. You may remember that they kind of teased this actually last E3.
When they were showing the brand new Xbox interface.
Now, of course, the first primetime game that they're going to be launching is One versus 100.
And it's going to be available for gold members.
So you have to have a gold membership in order to play.
Which makes sense because it's an online game.
And they want to drive more members to sign up for it.
So they have a little teaser trailer for it.
And, of course, you're going to be able to play with your avatars.
Play as part of the mob or the person actually playing the show or as the audience.
So that looks kind of cool.
And they're going to be doing where you can win real prizes.
So, I mean, sounds like fun.
How do they pick the person that's going to be the one?
I don't know.
That's interesting.
I'm curious to see how this is going to work.
Because there's going to be thousands upon thousands of people that want to do this.
You know what I mean?
So they're going to have to have some type of selection process to be the one or even to be one of the folks in the mob.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
It's going to be interesting to see how this works.
Unless they have multiple sessions going at one time.
But even then, each game is supposed to have their own individual host, right?
Yeah.
So it'll be interesting to see how it works.
But I'm sure we'll see more about it at E3.
Yeah, I'm kind of curious to see more about it, too.
You think it's not going to release to the network before E3?
It might, actually.
Because this was becoming this month, I thought.
That's what I thought, too.
Or last month, April, wasn't it?
No, it was May.
Oh, May. Interesting.
So maybe we'll see it just before E3 and we'll hear about the next game show at E3.
Yeah, maybe.
Or maybe they're going to hold it off until June and announce some more stuff at E3.
I'm afraid of embarrassing myself with my lack of knowledge.
Here's my question. How are they going to prevent people from having a laptop right next to them googling all the answers?
I don't know.
That's what I want to know.
Because one of the questions they show off in the trailer, they're all, you know,
the director of 300 also directed what other movie?
And it's like, you know, Watchmen.
They gave two other ones, like, really?
You don't know who.
Some people wouldn't.
A lot of people wouldn't.
Nerds do.
Yes.
But other people don't.
No, seriously, you could totally Google that stuff.
Unless you're going to be given, like, a certain time limit or something.
Because it's not going to be like the TV show where you can just sit there going,
Umm, uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh.
Tigerclaw says, Didn't 1 vs. 100 get cancelled on TV?
Yes, it did.
SHJ100Matt in our chatroom, chat.orangeonshooter.com says,
You were also scored on time, so they can Google it, but they will get a crappy score.
Interesting.
How's that guy going to play into it on 1 vs. 100?
I guess I'm going to have to see how it kind of looks.
So, there you go.
Alright, well, hey, that's not the only game coming out in the future.
Moving on over to the Wii.
The Wii has a very interesting game coming out.
It's actually coming out from Sega.
It's called The Wacky World of Sports.
Because, you know, we didn't have any sports games on the Wii as it is already.
However, yeah, what's awesome about this,
Sega, I guess, has released this trailer for it, The Wacky World of Sports.
Furniture racing, card boxing, log cutting, mud sliding,
tuna tossing, cheese rolling, and extreme ironing.
These are all real sports, too.
What?
These are all real sports from around the world.
Cheese rolling, yeah.
I think I've heard of cheese rolling, but tuna tossing?
That sounds dirty.
That's like toss your cookies.
That's from New Zealand, I think.
New Zealand?
It's from Australia. It's one of those.
Are they going to have an event for tossing your salad?
No, that's not a sport.
For some it is.
I'm afraid to say it's not a sport.
It's just like DDR will never be a sport.
For some it's a sport.
Tossing your salad would be a hobby.
They don't have any leagues for that, okay?
I'm sorry.
Well, maybe someone should start one.
Yeah, that'd be a big step backwards there.
I'm just looking forward to extreme ironing.
How is that a sport?
I don't know.
How is it not a sport, Rob, huh?
I don't know.
I could say instead of get back to work, get back to training.
I'm looking at the trailer here, by the way.
If you want to know what the noise is, you hear in the background.
Wow.
That guy looks like Naruto.
He does.
That car just fell apart.
Like Naruto and Wario had a baby.
I think it was towards the end here.
Yeah, the guy's doing the tuna tossing.
I've seen that.
I've seen the cheese rolling.
That I've seen before.
But then they have the extreme ironing here towards the end, which I just did not recognize
at all.
I was like, what the hell is this?
But they had it.
It was someone else that was covering the same story had where that came from.
Actually, I think if you click on some of the links there, they have links to Wikipedia
pages.
But I think tuna tossing.
Well, here, let me just go to Wikipedia.
No, I guess so.
Yeah, there's a whole little article here on extreme ironing.
A performance art in which people take an ironing board to a remote location and iron
items of clothing.
The latest danger sport that combines the thrills of an extreme outdoor activity with
the satisfaction of a well-pressed shirt.
And then, oh my God, there's this person ironing on top of a big rock in the middle of fucking
nowhere.
This is amazing.
I didn't know shit like this existed in the world.
Rob.
I want to do this.
Everything exists.
I could be an extreme ironer.
All I have to do is climb the fucking rock and then iron a shirt at the top of that.
That's easy.
I do my ironing in a rotating cylindrical container with heat.
You know what that's called?
My dryer.
Wow, that's pretty cool.
How about something else that has to do with rolling, Rob?
They call them ironists.
How about more rolling?
All right, fine.
Rolling and rolling.
What is our favorite thing to roll ever?
Cheese?
Sushi?
Cheese.
Money.
How about Katamari?
Yay.
Oh yes, we here at Orange Lounge Radio, we love Katamari.
Rob.
Rob.
What?
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
What?
Rob.
You're scaring me.
Read your damn story.
Yeah, apparently Spike TV actually has, they do Wild World of Spike and it has, you know,
all these different things like tuna.
They have the tuna toss outtakes.
It's from South Australia.
Sorry, I had to have commentary.
Katamari is going to be on PS3 with Katamari Forever, which I believe we might have mentioned
before.
We mentioned the Japanese one, yeah.
Well, there's a trailer out with different wild animals making commentary on it.
The cool thing is that it's going to have different features available for it as far
as visual filters.
You get a wood grain, a cell shaded, a color pencil, and then the normal version.
Also, this of course has no involvement from Keita Takahashi.
But what I got from watching the trailer is that you're actually going to be able to,
well, roll up entire planets and roll up the universe.
So, that's kind of interesting.
I saw it rolling up, you know, the earth.
It was pretty crazy.
Didn't they swear there was not going to be any more Katamari games?
I guess that was really the original creator, but now that Namco Bandai owns this franchise.
Well, this is the best of it.
It's not new.
It's just taking the levels from the other game.
It's still milk in the cash cow.
There's actually...
Any way you want to slice it.
Looking at the trailers, there's new levels.
There actually shows one where you're rolling the Katamari and planting flowers and plants
on a desert.
I just think that series kind of peaked on the PlayStation 2.
Like, I did not like that one they released on the 360 at all.
It's almost like it's going to be fun.
Eh, we'll see.
We'll see.
But do you know what else I'd like to roll, Dark Sakura?
Because you were asking about things we like to roll.
Do you know what else I'd like to roll?
I don't need to know about your illegal activities, Rob.
No, I just wanted to tell you one other thing I like to roll.
I'm successful at life, thank you very much.
Yes.
You win the game.
I just won the game.
I mean, I know a lot of people lose the game, but they never talk about how somebody wins
the game, and I just won it.
So, there's no need to play the game anymore.
I won.
The end.
I thought about you winning the game.
See, you didn't think about it.
So I guess I would.
That's right.
So, yeah.
Lots of interesting stuff going on.
Including, Pixel Junk Monsters Deluxe is actually coming to the PSP.
You know, we've been talking about a lot of different games coming to the PSP.
This might be the year of the PSP, although last year was supposedly the year of the PSP
as well.
Of course, it wasn't quite a year for the PSP, but whatever.
We'll give it another shot.
Take two.
Anyways, Pixel Junk Monsters Deluxe coming to the PSP.
They're going to have some new stages, new enemies, new tracks, or music tracks.
Two new towers will also be introduced to the game as well, but it's basically going
to feature the same stuff, including trophies from the original PSN game.
So that's kind of cool.
Everyone loves their tower defense games.
I guess, although they've kind of been jumping the shark as of late.
It seems like they all have one, especially the Final Fantasy tower defense game.
Although it's kind of fun, I've got to say.
That's on every system.
Pixel Junk and so on and so on.
I don't know.
Well, obviously Swine Flu has been all the rage this week.
I can't believe I'm reading this story.
But Swine Flu has been all the rage this week.
But did you know that Swine Flu has actually existed in the World of Warcraft
for quite some time?
That's right.
World of Warcraft has seen the Swine Flu for a little while now,
ever since they released Wrath of the Lich King.
It's these pigs in Borean Chandra, which is in the new area of Northren.
If you attack these pigs, you have a chance of getting infected.
And if you get infected with the Swine Flu, your movement speed drops by 30%,
and you get hit with 120 natural damage every two seconds.
So if you happen to catch the Swine Flu in Warcraft this week,
it's not a joke that was put in there by the developers.
It's something that's been there the entire time.
So stop bitching if you get it.
So it's really Blizzard that has caused the Swine Flu.
Yes, it was Blizzard's fault all along.
And the fact that I'm even talking about this story makes me cry inside a little bit.
And when I get hurt by the stories that we read,
that makes us very angsty, and that's when the FUs of the Week happen.
DarkSakura, your FUs of the Week, please.
My FU goes to Citrus Heights cops, just in general,
they really like to find reasons to give you a ticket.
I had one tailgating me, well, practically tailgating me on the way here,
I guess waiting for me to speed or something,
and thankfully someone decided to jaywalk right in front of us,
so the cop turned on the sirens and got the jaywalker.
Still, a bit, I don't know if you have enough to do or something.
Logi! Yeah, FU goes to, I guess, police as well.
It's kind of funny though, you see them turn on their sirens or whatever,
and see who pulls over to the side and they give them a ticket.
I'm not sure why, you know, not necessarily people speeding,
but people think that they want to pull over and then they get a ticket for some reason.
I don't get a ticket though, because I can see them sitting there.
That's it.
Am I the only one that doesn't have police issues this week?
Well, I didn't really have anything other than driving to Oakland sucks.
FU did the fact that everything seems to close at like 10 o'clock in this city.
Like, I was out in Roseville last night trying to find some late night eats
and everything was freaking closed, so FU did stores that close early.
It's annoying. Oh, I'm sorry, Logi.
FU did the finale of Heroes. It sucked, and what they did with the villain in the series is retarded.
Interesting. I'm eight episodes behind on Heroes. I kind of gave up.
You're gonna... Don't expect a good finale.
Oh, great. Maybe I'll watch it during the summer. We'll see. I'll catch up at some point.
Alright, FU to Logi for not finishing his FUs, and I get my FU early.
Alright, that's it for the FUs of the week. No guests tonight to keep the segment going,
so we've got a little more news, about four more stories for you guys,
and then we are going to get into your Skype calls and some last minute stories.
1-877-GAME-OLR, but not yet. We have a few more stories. Talk Sakura.
Well, there is a teaser that was put out on the Pokemon Sunday TV show that's on TV course in Japan,
and they were saying that there would be a remake of Pokemon Gold and Silver.
This said that they would have a world exclusive first announcement on the 10th of May,
so maybe that's it. It could be a rumor, but they were showing gold and silver confetti balls,
so that could possibly be it.
I didn't want to see their gold balls. Wherever they can milk for money, they will.
Ooh, Scorpion.
You've got to put the game down, Logi.
You can watch Logi play Excitebots in between stories at our Justin TV channel,
www.justin.tv slash orange lounge radio.
Also, keeping on topic with more PSP games, Naruto Shippuden is putting a brand new fighting game
following that series. Coming to the PSP, it actually kind of resembles the Naruto game
that came out on the PS3 last year, which is not a bad thing at all,
because that game was pretty awesome looking.
But, Naruto Shippuden Legends Akatsuki Rising.
I guess it's going to feature a simplified control scheme that will allow players to easily create ultimate combos.
I don't know, it looks kind of cool, but definitely they have a pretty solid lineup for PSP games this year,
so more power to them, because they have a lot of catching up to do.
Is this related to all the other Naruto games in the world?
Shippuden is basically what people are referring to as the time jump.
He's a little bit older, but they've been doing the Shippuden games,
like they did Ultimate Ninja 4, which is Shippuden,
and then they have a new Shippuden game for the DS that's coming out next month, I think.
This one's going to be another fighting game, because they've been doing PSP, Naruto Ultimate Ninja games,
like the Ultimate Ninja Heroes series, but now, going along with the whole Shippuden stuff, why not?
It looks pretty good.
Alright, well, a couple more new games that are coming out in the future.
This is going to be coming out on the DS this winter.
If you're a fan of the Phoenix Wright series, which I guess you could really call the Ace Attorney series,
there's a new game coming out called Ace Attorney Investigations, Miles Edgeworth.
It's not going to be like the other games.
This is more about investigating the crime scene, not so much in the courtroom.
You're actually going to become Miles Edgeworth, and you're going to investigate crime scenes, trying to find the truth.
So it's a weird CSI type thing.
I guess. You're actually going to be on the crime scene as Edgeworth, looking for contradictions.
You identify clues and question material using logic and gathered evidence.
Of course, there are several episodes in this game as well.
The first one is a murder that happens in Edgeworth's office. Interesting.
By the way, this game is teen rated, and it's supposed to have 15 hours' worth of gameplay.
So I'm sure those of you that are fans of the Ace Attorney series will be happy about that,
although the game is going in a little bit of a different direction this time.
Hopefully not for the bad.
Well, speaking of bad as in badass, Raven Software is actually wanting to make a particular game since they've been...
And of course, they were the ones that made the X-Men Origins Wolverine game.
They want to do a Deadpool game.
They really want to do a Deadpool game, it says.
And actually, their project lead for the Wolverine game, Dan Von Drak, said that they really want to do it because of Deadpool's smartass attitude.
And if they made one, I will buy it on every platform. Just watch.
Just on principle alone, even though it might suck?
Well, if the X-Men Origins game was pretty good, then I would expect them to give the Deadpool game a good treatment.
So, hey, I'm feeling good about that.
Now, do we have any word yet on whether you will be able to break the fourth wall in this game?
You have to. It won't be a Deadpool game if you don't break the fourth wall.
There should be a button to smash the fourth wall.
He should know he's in a video game.
So, it's gonna be like, eat lead?
Perhaps. I don't know. I don't know. But that's the big thing about Deadpool, like comic people.
I did not know this. I actually read up on Deadpool after seeing the Wolverine movie to figure out why Jamie was so obsessed with Deadpool.
And I get it now. Like, it sounds like a very Jamie thing from what I read.
I'm gonna have to just send you some images that you'll know.
You saw the little yellow boxes picture. That's like Ultimate right there.
But, by the way, the article that I'm reading actually did compare what they imagined as being like, eat lead.
Nice.
Alright, well, guess what? It's that time of the show where we're gonna take your phone calls.
And the phones are already ringing in a 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLawnsRadio, so let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on OrangeLawnsRadio. Who's this?
Hey, it's been a while since I've been on here.
It has been a little while. Who is this?
Hey, it's DJ Rama S from New York.
Now, see, I knew that, but I always make people introduce themselves for the sake of new listeners.
Well, what's on your mind, DJ Rama S from New York?
Not too much. I have a couple questions, but first, Loki, congratulations.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
You weren't able to get through last week when, of course, it was announced that Loki's looking at twins in the future.
Fun, fun.
Yeah.
So, what's up?
My only qualm was about Konami canceling Six Days in Fallujah.
That's my only beef.
What's your problem with it?
This is the way I look at it.
If it's okay to have various World War II simulating fighting games,
I don't see how that's any different from Six Days in Fallujah,
or that's any different from the America's Army game.
I mean, they're all more or less based on real-time events.
But it's too soon.
People we know died there. It's too soon.
It's too soon for this.
The wounds are too fresh.
I applied the Dennis Leary quote to this.
Shut the fuck up, by Dr. Dennis Leary.
I agree.
I'm just being devil's advocate here.
I don't say I necessarily believe this, but what do you say to those people?
Besides, shut the fuck up.
You can't say that to, you know, somebody who's, I guess maybe you can,
but it's not a very nice thing to say.
I mean, is there anything else to say besides?
Let me ask this, why should they shut the fuck up?
Me personally, I'm just tired of hearing about it.
I mean, you've got people who are over there that are fighting
who are actually all for the game.
They want their experiences in it.
They're over there doing what they have to do for us to do what we have to do here.
I feel that this is their game.
They earned this. Let them have it.
If people don't want to see it, then they just don't have to buy it.
Exactly.
Isn't it interesting that Konami might take more flak over not releasing this game
than they would have if they had released it?
One way or another, it'll be released, you know.
If not, someone's going to release a beta for everyone to go play, you know.
Yeah, I guess that's true.
I mean, you know, it'll leak. It'll get pirated.
Isn't that the inevitable?
That's always the case.
Well, anything else on your mind tonight, Rama?
Not too much. I'm just glad that you guys got all the parts for the new studio PC.
They are all here.
Sadly, we haven't put it together yet.
Just the timing hasn't worked out.
I kind of figured.
Yeah, Loki's going to do it during our break next week
so that when we come back, we'll be on an all-new computer.
So maybe we'll try to find some other new things to show off next week after a little break.
Which we've been taking a lot of breaks this year.
I feel bad, but you know what?
It happens.
You guys earned it. I mean, really.
Well, thank you. I appreciate it.
You know, the guy before us very rarely takes a break,
so it always makes us look so terrible because he's always here.
He rarely takes breaks.
I think like once every four years, he might take a break.
Speaking of breaks, when are you going to be breaking to New York?
It's a possibility for later this year.
I really want to get back there, but it's just because I promised ASEN I would do that sometime.
I'm doing that this year, and that's going to be a chunk of money.
And then, you know, I still really want to do PAX and E3.
That's just going to set me back financially.
I still really want to try and do New York in the fourth quarter,
and if things continue to go well for me in my day job and everything,
and I don't have any worries about the economy or anything like that,
I'm hoping to do New York in the fourth quarter of the year, like maybe October again.
That would be awesome.
And on behalf of the New York Unwell Army, we have one request if you make it out this way.
Okay.
Pack Jamie and the suitcase with you.
I'll do what I can.
If I had the money for it, I would be happy to, but as it is,
I've had to already call off one trip that I was going to make at the end of this month,
and having to put in extra massage time just to save up for a trip in two months.
So I'm broke. I'm flat broke. School is wiping me out.
I guess I should say this.
Sadly, Dark Soccer is not going to be doing E3 with us, which is unfortunate,
but real life, greater than radio show.
Trust me, I really wanted to come back out there this year.
Again, I really wanted to.
Well, we'll make it work somehow.
Then we'll have the economy set us back a little bit,
but hopefully things will start to pick up, and then 2010 we'll have lots of visits.
You come here, I'll go there, we'll have a lot of fun.
So we're like an exchange program.
And I'll give in, and I might even go to Atlanta for Bobby and go to a Friday night gaming show.
Well, I will be down in Atlanta this year, so.
Will you really? For what, a convention or something?
Yeah, my company, we may be doing Dragon Con this year.
Oh, nice.
Well, if you're going to be there for Dragon Con,
I doubt Bobby's going to be there with his Friday night gaming shindig,
but if you happen to be there on a weekend and he's doing that, you should go say hi.
I know he likes to see the visitors out there.
I'm sorry, the name of the town escapes me that they tape in.
Oh, I'm bad.
What?
The name of the town that Bobby tapes Friday night gaming in is not Atlanta.
It's one of the suburbs.
I think that's where he lives.
Is it Marietta?
It's Marietta?
He'll correct me in a minute here, I'm sure.
Anyway, Rama, is there anything else you wanted to say on the show tonight?
Oh, he hung up.
Did I accidentally click and hang up on him? I hope not.
All right.
Well, we're going to go ahead and take some more calls.
Sorry, Rama, if I hung up on you, I didn't mean to.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
You can go ahead and give us a call, and we'll be standing by waiting for your call.
And actually, our internet went down in studio.
That's why we lost DJ Rama.
Is anybody online doing?
I don't do anything.
Nobody's doing anything?
Okay, well, right now it is trying to reconnect right now.
We went down.
Oh, there we go.
Woo.
Roswell is the town that they tape in.
I'm still on.
There we go.
I'm sorry.
I got it back, but the stream is down right now, unfortunately.
So can we post that in chat that the stream is down but Skype is still open?
Hold on.
All right.
So, yeah, we unfortunately have that outage right now, but that's what happens sometimes with live radio.
Things go down.
Okay, good.
Stream's back up.
Hooray.
All right.
1877 Game OLR.
Our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
Give us a call.
We'll take some calls.
If you can't get through, keep trying.
That little spurt of downtime we might have just had could have affected the calls.
Okay.
I think we're getting calls again.
Hi.
You're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
This is Spazinator.
Hi.
You're breaking up there a little bit.
Who is this?
Spazinator.
Hi, Spazinator.
What's on your mind?
Yeah.
Well, I did these earlier, but apparently I sent the email a little bit too late, so
more or less I was going to repeat a couple of questions.
Yeah.
And they're more or less directed towards you since you got your position through in
a few months or so.
Basically, although I was-
I just want to point out the connection is still really bad, but go ahead and ask your
questions and we'll try to answer them.
I don't know if we can stay on, but keep going with your questions.
Yeah.
Basically, do you have any overall impressions of the PlayStation 3?
Overall impression of the PlayStation 3?
It's very similar to how I feel about the PSP.
Is that the- God, now I'm having problems in the chat room as well.
Jeez, I don't know what's going on with the connection tonight.
My PlayStation 3, I feel very similar with the PSP.
Its biggest forte is not games, but it does a lot of the other things very well.
Like, you know, it's got the Blu-ray, which is great for movies.
It can play the digital files very well and very easy.
It seems like it's almost easier than Xbox.
You know, the internet browsing on it is better than it is on the Wii.
It has some cool little built-in things for the CD music.
So it's kind of like, it's not my favorite of the gaming systems.
I think my Xbox 360 is my favorite gaming system.
But I love the fact that it's quiet and I think that it's kind of,
I don't think it's a bad system at all.
I just wish they get some better exclusives.
But they do have some games I love, like Little Big Planet.
And also, in terms of the multi-platform games out there,
do you ever have a difficult time trying to pick and choose
which system you're going to get the game for,
especially if there's no real difference between, let's say,
the 360 version and the PlayStation 3 version?
I have been in that situation before.
Street Fighter 4 was the last time I had to make that decision
because I pretty much swore up and down to myself
I was going to get Street Fighter 4 on PlayStation 3
because PlayStation 3 had the better controller
and I knew I'd be able to pull off the moves easier on the controller.
Damn, I wish Microsoft would fix that.
As opposed to doing all this motion controller BS that they're starting,
I really wish they would just fix the controller they've got
and make that D-pad easier.
But anyhow, I ended up getting it on the 360
because I thought Microsoft can fix their controller later on.
And just more people are on the 360 playing it.
You know, I can go on Xbox Live and there's way more people playing it,
whereas on my PlayStation 3 friends list there's not nearly as many people, you know?
Yeah, that's true.
Yeah, completely unrelated topic.
I finally found something that's far, far worse than being Rick Rolled.
Uh-oh, what's that?
It's kind of similar to being Rick Rolled where someone sends you a wake
just saying it's one thing, and it turns out to be something else.
As long as it's not that two girls, one cup crap.
No, actually there is a girl involved.
Maybe you're kind of familiar with the story
because apparently it occurred out your way.
Apparently some girl in California
died on Halloween Day two years ago
and some cop released an accident in a photo.
Someone sent me a wake.
That's disgusting.
Why do people have to perpetuate that stuff?
I feel like it's violating someone's privacy to do that kind of crap.
I just think it's disgusting.
I realize everybody has their morbid curiosity, but please,
it's kind of disrespecting to this gal or whatever.
Anyway, Spaznator, we've got to let you go, but thanks so much for the call.
Have a good one?
Yep.
All right, and if you want to call, give us a call.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
What's 1-877-GAME-OLR?
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
We'll take a couple more calls here tonight,
and then we're going to wrap things up.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
DS Master 26.
Well, hello DS Master 26. What's on your mind tonight?
Not much other than, well, the whole guitar hero versus rock band debate.
It's kind of unraveling for me because, I mean, what the heck?
You know, I've heard my friends at the Hanna Club kind of rumor again and again at some point.
They're probably knowing how Konami teamed up with Disney a bunch of times to get the Disney DDRs and whatever.
Are you saying that you're afraid this is going to go the route of the DDRs
or that it's not such a bad thing because there's been so many DDRs with the Disney and all that stuff?
You know, probably to expand our audience.
I mean, I guess it could work, but, I mean, the Wii was a family system to begin with.
So, I'm thinking of just bringing it in at 360 anyways if I'm doing guitar hero stuff
and using it for Ben and using the Wii for everything else.
You know, that's an interesting correlation, though, when you consider the whole Lego rock band
and how it's supposed to be kind of the more kiddie-friendly game.
It would be interesting to kind of correlate that with the fact that they have the Disney Dance Dance Revolution games
that are more geared at a younger audience, too.
Yeah, I mean, I could see that being a little bit of a competition sense.
I mean, but at the only...
I think you're breaking up there. Hello?
Morning.
Okay, unfortunately, the caller's breaking up.
I don't know, it must be us having internet problems.
It's Comcast-ic tonight, folks.
What can we say?
Dude, my internet's been crap all day at home, and I am with Comcast.
We have been having issues here in the area, like when the rain started and all that stuff,
so I don't know what the hell's going on.
So I apologize to folks.
Well, let's try to get one more call. If it doesn't work, it doesn't work.
1-877-GAME-OLR. Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Go ahead and give us a call.
See, the chat room stopped again, and I'm wondering if that means...
Do we crap out on... No?
We're still broadcasting.
Jeez.
Just to be on the safe side, since we're toward the end, I closed all my browsers.
I think I pinged out a chat, so I don't think...
Yeah, I'm not...
So we can't see it. No, and the stream went down on top of all that.
Boy, what a fun, fun time we're having tonight.
Everybody sure they're not downloading anything? Is my roommate...
I'm not downloading anything.
Is my roommate doing anything? I hope not.
He should know.
He's watching TV.
That's what he usually does during the show, so I don't know what's going on.
All right, well, we'll try to get one more call. Again, 1877-GAME-OLR.
Our username is SkyPornsLoungeRadio.
Do we have any last-minute news while we wait? Last-minute stories?
Sure.
Okay.
DarkSoccer, why don't you start us off with some last-minute stories?
I like pie.
Loki.
Actually got some stuff.
Ultima Online is actually bringing out a new expansion.
The Stygania Abyss, I guess.
And apparently it will allow you to play as a new class, the Gargoyle class.
And you'll also be able to explore the new Gargoyle home of Turmer
and the Stygania Abyss, I guess, dungeon,
which is the largest dungeon area ever introduced into Ultima Online.
That's pretty cool.
I can't believe that Ultima Online is still alive and kicking after all these years.
That's pretty impressive in itself.
Yes.
Oh, yes.
All right. Well, hello, caller. You're on the air.
You're supposed to wait for me to acknowledge you.
What's up, everybody? There's Zaku.
Hi, Zaku. What's on your mind, buddy, while we're having crappy internet problems tonight?
Nothing much.
Just praying that the street doesn't go down again
and just enjoying the fact that me and my brother have the house to ourselves
because Mom's on vacation in Peru.
So what's on your mind?
What do you have possession to call in tonight?
You're just bragging that you have the house all to yourself.
Hello? God damn it.
Hello, are you there?
Caller, are you there?
We lost another one.
Okay, we're going to turn off Justin TV and hope that that will help things.
So, boy, oh, boy.
I guess it's going to do it for the Skype line tonight.
I want to dump the end of the show.
Oh, well, that happens sometimes, guys.
If Zaku can get his question out in chat, we'll try to answer it, guys.
If you want to get your questions out in chat, we'll try to answer them
while Loki gets some last minute stories out of the way.
You could just do Ask Gordon's Lounge or something like that.
Maybe.
Mr. T and Will Wright are teaming up against Nazis in a new Zootfly game.
Zootfly, you may remember, is the company.
Originally they were pitching the Ghostbusters game,
and they've also done some other stuff beyond that.
But now they're making a Mr. T game.
Mr. T.
What?
Yes, he will take on Nazis.
Will you tell people to get nuts?
Apparently the first game will see Mr. T take on Nazis
and their gigantic machines in a varied universe of South American rainforests,
lost ancient cities, industrial complexes, and contemporary military installations.
Along with Mr. T and other characters from the graphic novel,
the game will feature none other than Will Wright.
In this universe, Will Wright is a top-notch game designer,
but a top-notch American geneticist who was kidnapped and coerced to work on a diabolic plan,
and Mr. T and Will Wright will join forces to annihilate the Nazis and their hardware.
Who was smoking crack when they thought of this?
That's an awesome game.
I bet you anything they saw the Snickers commercials with Mr. T.
It does sound all kinds of awesome, don't get me wrong, but jeez.
All right, by the way, for the live listeners, we've been going up and down.
We killed Justin.tv to try and free up some bandwidth in case that was our problem,
but it didn't seem to help on that last call.
So we are aware JTV is down. We've taken it down completely.
And yeah, we're just trying to finish up the show at this point.
We just turned off Skype because the calls just aren't cooperating tonight.
I don't know what's going on, guys.
All of our configurations are fine on our end.
There's no cable problems. Nothing's falling apart.
No video card issues. It's something on the Comcast.
And then there was an update to Nobby Nobby Boy, which apparently added the 4-Boy offline multiplayer mix.
In addition, there's a new boy that you get to play as, Fart Boy.
What?
Yes, Fart Boy.
Is that his given name?
That is his given name, Fart Boy.
As well as, I guess, the lower key updates, they have variations to the boy's house hairstyles
and new poses to the game's bird.
That's awesome.
Then we were talking a little bit about the rumors of the PSP Go.
Well, there's a new game coming from Capcom, Fate Unlimited.
They're going to put that actually on...
It's going to be download only in Europe.
But apparently Capcom is releasing on the UMD elsewhere.
So they're kind of testing that whole thing to see if people actually buy the download content only games.
I don't know.
Maybe it is a sign of things to come.
What do you think is going to happen if the answer is no?
They don't.
They're fucked.
They've invested all this in the PSP Go thing.
Well, I heard the rumor about the PSP Go is that the design is not finalized yet,
and so they could add the UMD drive if necessary.
I think it would be a good idea if they were...
I mean, what's the point in taking it out?
Other than UMD is a failed format, but they're still using it.
Who cares?
I don't know.
Whatever.
And then finally, Marvel vs. Capcom 2 has been confirmed to be coming out on the Xbox Live Arcade
and PlayStation Network this summer.
And then also, they had a PS3 demo that came out this week, actually.
So if you want to check that out, you can.
And of course, that was that countdown that they had going.
They're going to have, apparently, all 56 characters will be unlocked from the beginning.
And they're going to also feature, I guess, some HD upscaling,
as well as widescreen options and custom soundtracks on both the PS3 and Xbox 360.
And they also have three different screen modes that you can do.
You can do just the classic pixelated look, and then they have a smooth and a crisp look that you can do.
And finally...
I just want to say for the live listeners, while the stream is up,
I have double-checked everything in the house, including what's going on with my roommate and everything.
We don't know what's going on with the stream right now,
so we're just going to try and limp our way through the end of the show at this point.
We're almost there.
Sorry, guys.
There's been a picture of the homebrew enabler on the PSP-3000 working,
so it's only a matter of time before the custom firmware is on the PSP-3000, so that's interesting.
And finally, we were talking a little bit about Wolverine Origins, the video game.
Well, apparently, since Activision is fun like that, and Blizzard likes doing all sorts of crazy stuff,
they've hidden a lot of little Easter eggs in the game, including references to Portal.
They have a surprise cake that you can get that unlocks the achievement.
And also, they even have the Frostmourne from World of Warcraft as well in there
that you can get an achievement that's titled Wow.
Wow.
Amazing.
So lots of little hidden goodies.
All right, well, we're going to go around and wrap up the show, get everybody's final thoughts.
DarkSakura, your final thought tonight?
I want animal-style fries and a milkshake.
My final thought is I hate internet problems that you can't explain.
Loki?
My final thought is actually this story from Destructoid talking about Yahoo.
Apparently, remember last week we talked a little bit about how ThinkGeek was selling Dreamcast systems for $99?
Well, apparently, somebody at Yahoo decided to report that according to the internet,
the Dreamcast is being re-released to compete with the PlayStation 2 because of the price drop to $99.
Somebody needs to do their research.
That's it.
All right, well, thank you guys so much for tuning into our show and downloading
and especially the live listeners who stuck with us through the ups and downs of the connections tonight.
Don't know what's going on. The internet's crazy like that sometimes.
But thank you guys for staying with us, especially those of you on the podcast,
for downloading and supporting independent radio. We really appreciate it.
We will be back in two weeks here on Orange Lounge Radio with more,
and so we'll see you back here on May 17th with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you guys so much. Take care. Have a great week.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com, Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week!
