British reward season continues!
America has seen most of its 2023 award shows take place, and now the BAFTA awards continue their slate as well.
And 4,000 Brits couldn't be wrong!
The most iconic gaming character is, herself, a Brit!
Most iconic doesn't mean longest lasting, most selling, most consistent, it only means most iconic.
And who wouldn't celebrate a Brit as a Brit?
Eat your heart out, GameFAQs.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Sommers, and Loki to tell you more about this poll and the rest of the week's gaming news.
Starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice,
Hello my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are back tonight live April the 7th of 2024.
Episode number, get this, 999 of our show.
The last time ever that our show can be expressed with merely three digits.
That's right.
Next week, kind of a big deal.
We'll get to that in a little bit.
First off,
Three digits do not contain us.
Well, there she is, the one and only DarkSakura or Jamie Sommers.
Hi, Jamie.
Hey.
And of course, I am Rob Roberts.
Hello.
Hello.
How are you doing this week?
You are shit.
I know.
No.
So not my birth name, believe it or not.
But, you know, some people think my parents really were that cruel.
We just don't talk about that.
Yeah, I know.
We don't we don't talk about that.
Although I will say that you share a name with one of my late uncles who I tolerated more than the other from that side of my family.
Apparently I share a name with a politician overseas that got in a lot of trouble too.
And I'm like, I don't know her.
Like I've none.
No, no, no business of mine.
Yeah.
So she does a more common name than you'd think.
But you know what?
I got the name on most social media websites.
So I am the Rob Roberts, except not actually at the rubber.
I'm just at Rob Roberts.
So the only place I'm not is Twitter, but I don't care about that site anymore.
Although
I have
I should write a tweet and do some good old self-promotion for those people that didn't follow me to Blue Sky, which is a lot of people.
I can kind of be like, Hey, remember that little show that I used to talk about all the time on this website for like 40?
Hey, we're going to be a thousand.
Hey, that's the only reason I still do anything on there is, you know, like promoting the show.
Well it was funny because I actually went through the last few tweets I wrote on that website before I... I had left one other time when Wish.com Lex Luthor bought the website the first time I left for like four months.
But I came back because I was like, I'm really only hurting myself being gone.
Then when the more lucrative alternatives like Blue Skies showed up and you know, Mastodon, things like that as well, I left again, but I didn't announce my departure.
I was like, you know what, I know people get annoyed at the whole like, this isn't an airport, you don't need to announce your departure.
So I never really said anything.
I just changed my bio and I left.
Um, so where was I going with that?
Oh, I was going through the last tweets I'd written for like, maybe a good two months before I left.
They were all self promotion.
It was like, I'm doing this show.
Come see this show.
I'm doing this thing.
Come see this thing.
And that was I wasn't writing anything, probably because at that point, I was already kind of starting to use blue sky more and more at that point for whatever, like personal tidbits I wanted to say.
So anyway,
Huh, that's that's that's social media.
Let's get to our other host.
Of course, we've got to introduce here as well who has been here with us for 999 weeks now say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Has it been that long?
Believe it or not, it has.
Probably longer, I think.
Yeah.
It doesn't feel like, you know, it's funny because on, you know, with the show turning a thousand, there's a lot of people in my personal life that have been asking, like, isn't your show turning like a thousand soon?
And, you know, isn't, wasn't that coming up?
It's like, yeah, it's going to be like in two weeks or next week we're turning a thousand.
It's like, wow, is it, that's like 20 something years, right?
Does it feel like it's been that long?
And I'm kind of like, it hasn't, it hasn't, you know?
Um,
Like I think, well, I think COVID and the pandemic and all of that really fucked our sense of time for a lot of things.
I don't know how you guys feel about that, but to say the least, it really feels like two plus years of our life just were like taken.
Like one of those, what is, what is the movie with the, was it the princess bride with the thing that like this machine will suck off 10 minutes of your life forever?
Yeah.
It COVID felt like that, but two years worth of work.
Yeah.
That's my day job.
Um, so so in some ways, no, it doesn't feel like it's been that long.
But then you kind of think about like, I was thinking about it today, when this show started in 2002.
So June of 2002 was the first episode of this show, we were live on Life is Five for a long time, we went right into podcasting as soon as that was the thing.
And in the scope of things, which is interesting, because, you know, for a minute, we were doing two shows, because we were doing the live show that was really just about music gaming.
And then we were doing the the
Portable to Go Edition, the podcast that was really about like, you know, all the video game topics, which is basically kind of took over the rest of the show.
This is what the show is now.
And when I was, it was episode around, I think, 168, that we made the switch, around 168.
So in the vast scope of things,
It wasn't that long.
Only about 16-17% of the time we've done OLR was not this format that we're in now.
That is really weird to think about.
Because I feel like the old show that we did, we did that for a very long time.
I keep feeling like, you know what I mean?
Like, when everybody would come to the house, with the music game people would come over, like it was almost like a party every week and all that.
Like, I really feel like that lasted for years.
And I guess it kind of did.
But like, I don't know why, but like thinking back, I feel like that part, like I go back, like how long I felt like that was like at least half the run of the show.
And it really wasn't.
It was only like not even 20%.
So I have to bring this up.
Yeah, apparently we have shattered a hype train record in chat.
You guys are so kind.
Thank you all so much.
Yeah, I usually don't
I don't like to interrupt the podcast because we are a podcast that you can download on iTunes, Spotify, YouTube now in place of Google podcasts and all that good stuff.
So I think it's worth mentioning.
Yeah, no, no, it is.
So I don't usually usually but yeah, when you guys are shattering records and doing these things that are really above and beyond, we have to say something.
I'm sure even the podcasters understand.
That's when we got to say something.
Look at that Loki you did 999 bits.
You didn't have to do that.
And then like five episodes.
Five gift subs from Deft, five gift subs, oh my god, you did like, no, nine gift subs from Loki, five gift subs from Bob.
I wasn't going to do 999, that'd be ridiculous.
That might be a bit much.
I don't think we've had that many people that have ever watched this channel, but that's still, that's still amazing.
Thank you all so much for the generosity.
That's incredible.
Just really appreciate that.
We'll see what next week has to bring.
But I am going to say this, we're going to get into our kickoff topic tonight, but I am going to say this,
don't set your expectations super high.
And I've said this for some time, because everybody's like, well, what guests are you going to get for your 1000th episode?
And it's like, as if they would answer the fucking phone, like they're not going to answer the phone for this little thing that we do.
And it's, it's okay.
You know, and that that's fine.
And people are gonna say, well, you don't know unless you ask.
And that is that is true.
I completely agree with that.
But at the same time, why should it be anything but what it's always been?
Why should we do something completely different just for the sake of a special number?
It's just like the Drag Race finale.
Yeah, it's we keep it to the family.
Yeah.
So it's it's one of those things where we'll we'll do some little little things.
It'll be some little things.
DarkSakura
anyway um so it's not a surprise for you but uh all right anyway uh let's get into games let's do it let's talk about video games and gaming culture as we do here i guess this first story is a little more gaming culture but i thought this was interesting looking at the way technology is really changing and so forth um let's just get to it loki tell us about this very interesting thing that's crossed paths this week
Well, apparently device manufacturer Roku has patented a new technology to essentially allow them to use your HDMI to push ads on devices that don't necessarily have ads.
So, for example, imagine if you're playing your Xbox or something like that and you pause the game, the TV itself would detect that the game is paused and it throw up an ad for you.
Which I see this as...
You're just killing your brand if you do that.
I mean, like, honestly, like, if people find out that, like, this brand of TV... And Roku isn't necessarily a brand of TV.
It is... A lot of TVs have Roku built into it, like my TV, which is a TCL has a Roku streaming device built into it.
It's clunky.
It's fine.
It works okay.
But there's a lot of these devices that are getting more smart, whether you want to or not.
Perfect example, um, my monitor died today.
I bought a new one.
It's a Samsung monitor.
It has Netflix built into it, and, you know, it's got Bixby built into it, and... What the fuck's a Bixby?
What is a Bixby?
A Bixby is a voice assistant, so you can... Can you play the whole... You can talk to your monitor and ask it to do things, to which I'm like,
But I'm hooking a computer to this.
Why would I want to do this through a monitor?
Why would I watch Netflix through a monitor when I have a computer that can play Netflix?
Like it's silly.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
There's only one Bixby.
There's only one Bixby for me.
And that's Bill Bixby, the original Incredible Hulk.
But it came with a remote.
I have a remote for the monitor, which is nice because I can switch the inputs that way without having to, like, fumble trying to find the button on it.
But yeah, it's a lot of unnecessary things that they try to put on there because I'm sure they get kickbacks from these different, like, you know, Netflix and the streaming platforms to include this on here.
They get a kickback for it.
Put that aside, yeah.
I have a feeling if this is going, the route, if they go this route...
I apologize if I set off your stupid
I just assumed not that many people would have that one.
There's the other one from Amazon.
That one is also a part of this as well, so I did not say that one on purpose.
I had to turn that off.
They have it built into the monitor.
By default, it's on.
Thankfully, you can shut it off with a switch.
You don't have to fumble with settings or anything to do that.
But the remote has a microphone on it.
The monitor has a microphone on it.
It has these stupid lights on it that change whenever the
For whatever reason, it's like, you know you're not a TV, right?
You're a monitor.
I got you as a monitor, not a TV.
If I wanted a TV, I would have a much larger display compared to what I have now for the price.
Fun fact, I had a Commodore 64 branded monitor that they sold to Commodore 64, and I actually used that in college.
because it had RCA inputs on the front of it.
I actually used it as my TV for my VHS device and my Super Nintendo.
So we used to play Super Mario Kart on my monitor, my Commodore 64 monitor.
And I could get that maybe there's a scenario where these like the Netflix and everything built in could be like, oh, I'm in a college dorm and stuff like that.
And maybe I have a laptop and I'm living with a roommate in my college dorm and then I leave with my laptop, but my roommate wants to watch Netflix.
And we only have this monitor and so it's like...
that's such a narrow scenario with people having phones and whatnot like sure okay but anyways that aside uh the roku stuff yeah that kind of sucks that they're doing that i'm laughing at bobby saying i also used my commodore 1541 monitor i thought that was the disk drive was the 1541 or was that the 1540 that might be anyway i also used my commodore monitor in college as my tv i had my laser disc player hooked up to it and a surround sound stereo setup
But on this 14 inch Commodore monitor, that is incredible.
That's awesome.
E3VL says they're going to sell for cheap on Black Friday Tigerclaw says that Roku killed their brand when they're forcing people to accept this new terms of service with no way of selecting.
No, you can't use the device unless you accept.
Yeah, worst arbitration after the fact.
People are definitely going to think about the TVs that they're buying.
But let's be real.
The super mondo cheap TVs that people buy on Black Friday, or whatever big sales that stores are doing, are going to be the TVs that have this stuff built into it.
Now my question, I would be very curious how it's detecting that the game's on pause.
I would assume that motion stops
for a certain amount of time, like all motion stops for a certain amount of time on the screen.
But you said Xbox, and I don't know how many of y'all know, but I know the Series X at least does this, and I'm pretty sure the Xbox One did this as well.
But if the game is paused for a certain amount of time, Microsoft has their own thing that starts happening.
It's not ads, but it'll cycle through gamer score achievements, like achievements you're really close to earning, I think achievements you recently earned.
It may show other stuff about the games that you've been playing and things like that.
But like, it's not I wouldn't call it ads.
But it's something that I would say for most people, it's the preferable use of something like this.
Is it showing you relevant data to you know, whatever game you have on pause right now or other games on your Xbox platform?
Okay, Bobby says that is on Xbox One as well.
Thank you.
I thought it was because it's the same.
It's kind of the same front end system on both.
So yeah.
but um and i i honestly think i've seen tvs that do this where you can have them in like a low power mode where they just dimly lit and they show the weather forecast for your area news headlines stock market stuff for people that are into that and things that i think most people would go okay
That's useful.
That's not invasive.
That's, you know, kind of neat.
But Roku doesn't do that.
No, they don't.
Roku advertises streaming service stuff, which... So essentially with Roku... To something that nobody's looking at, really, hence why it's on pause.
Yeah.
So one of the things with Roku, so it says Roku lost over $40 million in 2023 in hardware sales, but made $1.6 billion in ads and services for that year.
So that's why they're going that route.
But then you know what?
I'll tell you what, here's the compromise with that.
Then if you want to provide these displays for free and have them ad supported in that sense, okay.
Maybe that's worth it, you know?
Well, yeah, it's it's you get what you pay for.
And Roku is kind of a cheap brand.
So, you know, when you pay less, you're going to get this because that's where their money's coming from.
So but I mean, if they think that they're going to like, you know, like the only way I could see this being like really, really bad is if they do one of these forced arbitration things where essentially they release TVs, like say during Black Friday or something like that, people purchase them, then they patch it in later.
to do that.
Oh, gross barf.
But and then then they disable if you don't accept the new terms of service, which I don't know, I feel like ought to be that ought to be an anti consumer thing that ought to like, especially, especially if they're trying to change it after you've already bought it.
And like the base thing on there, it should allow you to either revert to the base IO, or not iOS, because that would only be one brand, but base OS, or, you know, accept the terms of service of the new one.
That's that would be yeah, to me, I mean,
I mean, if this is such a big problem, eventually you'll have hackers trying to, you know, attack this.
Oh, I didn't even think of that.
Like people hacking the TV.
Why not?
They hack all these devices to play Doom on it.
I mean, sure.
Yeah, I think that's Oh, yeah.
I didn't even think about people.
I don't know.
They make their own OS's for these things.
I would like to think that, you know, maybe
I would go so far as to say just because they patented it doesn't mean they're going to do it
But they want to make sure that if anyone can do it, they do it because they thought of it or whatever it is.
So but there is definitely, you know, there's already going to be this consumer backlash with this and the negative press and all that.
So it's very possible they may say, we're not we're just, you know, protecting our ideas.
We're not going to actually use this or whatever, although.
Or you never know, someone will make an in-between device that plugs into your HDMI that essentially tricks it into thinking that there's
stuff on the screen.
Well, I can't wait.
I can't wait for when it triggers incorrectly.
That's why I'm very curious.
What is it looking for to know that your game is paused?
Because again, if it's just looking for a still screen, it won't work on Microsoft.
It might work on PlayStation.
But I want to say even there, when you pause, don't you get it might depend on how you pause it.
If you pause by going to the crossbar menu, then you'll have the little animated ads that play on the crossbar thing.
I just can't imagine a world in which anybody thinks this is like, okay, like, as far as like, being okay with ads, like, I get annoyed anytime I see ads on there, even if they're on there, like menus and stuff like that, like, like, because you're essentially you're making money after you've already made your money from me, you know, it's, it's clearly I get it.
It's
It's not even really subsidized because the displays aren't that expensive to manufacture.
They're not losing a ton of money.
And if they're saying, oh yeah, we lost $40 million on hardware, but we made $1.6 billion.
So they're clearly making a lot of money on top of the sale price of the actual device.
So I do have a problem with that.
It was pointed out in our chat that probably not a lot of people listening to this program are on Roku's because Tigerclaw says, for those who own a Roku TV, there are ways to watch Twitch on it since they don't have the official app anymore.
So I guess there's workarounds, but no official Twitch app.
I didn't realize that.
I know some, like the Switch lost the Twitch app, right?
In some places because, you know, probably some of the upgrades Twitch has done behind the scenes, but that's interesting.
All right, well, I guess I guess we'll see if anything comes of this.
But this could be very interesting because I don't know about y'all, but I do tend to pause games for a long period of time while I go do something else, like use the restroom or fix a snack or something.
And yeah, I don't want to come back to, you know, some, especially if it's an ad with volume.
I hope it shouldn't have volume, though.
That would be.
No, I think most of their like pause menu ads are just still ads.
yeah okay that's a little less invasive as long as it like instantly clears up when i get back i don't know what effective ads they could show like that but whatever i'm not i'm not the one paying to advertise on those platforms
All right.
Well, let's Orange Right says to unpause HDMI, shout McDonald's into your remote.
Yeah.
You have to shout a brand name to unlock it.
They did that.
Swear your loyalty to a brand.
Absolutely ridiculous.
No, seriously, like that.
You joke about that.
That is a thing that they have done.
They have had ads and to skip it, you had to type a keyword or something like that to get it to skip by.
So like,
That is a thing that already exists.
Gross.
I hate it.
All right.
Let's get into our gaming weeks, the types of video games we have been playing this week with or without ads, probably mostly without.
DarkSakura, we'll go to you.
How was your gaming week?
It was the usual.
I played some Dead by Daylight.
Um, I played, well, I didn't do my, um, my Friday stream because it was fuck it Friday where the ballet people get together and, uh, drink and play games and talk shit about people and do drunken choreography.
Um,
And, uh, but I did play some Avatar Frontiers of Pandora on my own.
I've actually beaten the game and now I'm doing all the after game stuff.
Um, that's pretty fun.
Um, and then I did, uh, uh, Dracula XX, Nocturne in the Moonlight, or as we got it, Symphony of the Night, but I'm doing the Saturn version that
has the graphics and everything all optimized for what the Saturn was actually capable of instead of the rushed pile of shit we got.
And it has all the voice acting from the PSP version and the same translation.
So yeah, those were my usual ones.
I've been busy otherwise with stuff.
Mostly getting rid of shit.
Alright, well, we'll go on over to TechMasterLoki.
Um, it's been Minecraft this week.
I released another episode and I've been just kind of, I don't know, doing what I do.
Like, between episodes, you know, it's like, I don't know, I can't focus on anything.
I'm just building farms now.
So, that's what I've been doing.
My basement's a mess now.
Um, so yeah, that's pretty much, pretty much what I've been doing.
Nice.
Uh, let's see my gaming week.
Um, a lot of the usual stuff I've talked about on this program before Final Fantasy 14, of course, played a little bit of Overwatch 2.
I got to say the little April Fool's event they did in Overwatch 2 is actually kind of cute.
Uh, they did this whole thing that was like a re rebalancing is the thing.
And they changed players' abilities to make them very silly.
But what I really like is that they changed.
So, you know, if you've ever watched or played Overwatch,
You know when characters use their ultimate abilities, they're gonna say things like, you know, let's say when Cassidy uses his ult, he says, it's high noon.
Like most people know that one, right?
Cause that's, that's how you know to hide.
So you don't get in his area where he can shoot you.
Well, in the April Fool's mode, he'll go, it's two or three o'clock in the morning.
Like they change, they change it up.
Like it's, I know it sounds ridiculous the way I'm saying it, but like, it's so funny as you're playing it.
And they say these silly things.
I don't know.
I laughed.
April Fools' Day prank
So there's, there's that.
And even in the normal game mode, because you can play either one, you're not forced into the like rebalanced mode, you can play a normal game, but they still use their lines.
And they all have big googly eyes.
So they did all the characters with big googly eyes, which is just really silly, but it's just for a week.
So I like it.
It's fun.
You know, I'm kind of honestly, if this is the direction that Blizzard is going to get to go with under Microsoft, although granted, this has probably been planned for quite some time, but I'm I'm into it.
I think it's I think it's fun.
So I've been playing a little bit of that.
And then, of course, you know, I love to play some mobile games.
I played Pokemon Go today because there was a community day thing going on for Bagon or Salamence, which evolves into and I got my four star
I have a perfect Salamence, except it's not shiny.
I guess a shiny one would be extra perfect.
But I did get a three star shiny, which is cool.
So I feel like I got everything in that department I need to get in Pokemon Go, as far as the collection goes.
I've also been playing a bit of Monster Hunter now, which of course is kind of the newest Niantic game.
I think that one plays really well with other people.
So I have, you know, friends that I know through Ingress, and we play Pokemon together, we walk Pikmin days together, we kind of play a lot of this stuff.
We play Monster Hunter now together.
And so we were playing some of that.
And I think the multiplayer in that runs, you know, really well.
For what it is, I like Monster Hunter now quite a bit.
Actually, I just, it is a real grind.
You get to a certain point where it becomes very obvious.
It's just a frickin grind.
But I do understand like, okay, well, like, you know, these games are set up so that you can't beat them in a week.
You know, you got to take your time because otherwise, you know, people won't continue to engage with them.
But I still like it well enough for what it is.
So those are pretty yeah, Mike Defton chat says just like a regular mon hun.
Yeah, pretty much but like, somehow worse.
So just keep that in mind.
Otherwise, that's honestly pretty much it for my gaming week.
I haven't jumped into a lot of new stuff yet.
Although, as I mentioned at the end of Bobby's show, my friend and I are looking for like a dungeon crawler to jump into.
He doesn't want to really play Diablo, and we tried Grim Dawn for a hot second, and that was okay, but I don't know.
What about Baldur's Gate?
Um, maybe like the original?
Or like the new one?
The new one?
Maybe that's a little bit I like I like the more like loot dropping type of things like Baldur's Gate.
I do want to play it.
I didn't like that one multiplayer.
I tried doing it.
Minecraft Dungeons?
I actually thought of that one as I was looking like, you know, obviously I asked Google, you know, what are some of the top ones?
And I saw Minecraft Dungeons is like, Oh, yeah, that one's kind of fun.
So maybe that we'll see.
We'll see.
I've got some good ideas.
I asked during Bobby's show and got a few other ideas, too.
So I forgot about Lost Epic, too, is one to check out.
So we'll see.
All right.
Anyway, oh, and Orange Rite talked about Fortnite in chat.
I did play a little bit of Fortnite festival.
Do you know they've been adding a lot of songs to that they add like seven new songs a week to that mode right now.
Yeah, I'm still never gonna pay the price they're asking to download the songs.
But to go in there and look at the dailies free rotation and play a handful of songs.
There's, there's always something in there.
I usually go, huh, that's neat.
I'm play that one before.
So it's kind of fun.
Orange Rite says in chat, Fortnite Festival makes me want to get back into Rock Band because it, it, this is Rock Band, Fortnite Festival is Rock Band 5.
And you may not like that.
And you may say, but it's missing this.
It doesn't.
But Epic Games bought Harmonix for this.
This is Rock Band 5, whether you like it or not.
Fine.
So, um, hey, at least there's like a lot, a lot of songs in it.
So, but I get it.
I get it.
You want to play, you want to play the old school one that really was rock band.
All right.
Anyway, uh, let's get into some more headlines and talk about what else is going on in gaming news.
Loki, go to you.
Yep.
So there is a new movement now being led by Accursed Farms, is a YouTube channel run by Russ Scott, who is trying to basically push for video game preservation.
Like, for example,
The one that they are focusing on right now is The Crew and you know because a lot of these online games that get put out that or even not necessarily online games but games that nowadays require an online connection for them to function even single-player games where
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma
have legislation be put in place to basically disallowing these companies from leaving these games in unplayable states.
Some of the things that they're focusing on, one, of course, being in a playable state, two, allowing folks to basically, you know, guaranteeing that they're not going to be
The above should apply to games that have sold microtransactions to the customers.
things as part that you've purchased and the above cannot be superseded by end-user license agreements because a lot of these companies like to skirt their responsibility by writing into it a ULIST.
So right now they were saying that they they're pushing folks to kind of file
I guess grievances with there's a French, I think a consumer body.
I'm not really sure what it is.
But I know they are in France, and they kind of, you can do that outside of the country.
But it also works because Ubisoft being a French company,
You know, certainly they would be the ones that are most overseeing them.
And it's not necessarily just Ubisoft, but I guess starting with this would be a good place to kind of look at.
But, you know, eventually there's going to be other games that are going to die like this that you may have bought, you know, content in or whatnot.
Certainly like, for example, Suicide Squad.
You know, right now, I know you have to connect to the Warner Brothers servers for that.
I don't know if there's an offline version of that.
I think you have to be connected to that.
And so eventually, probably very soon, when that game dies, remember, it's a $70 game, you're gonna have $70 paperweight.
So they need to be able to patch that so that it is available offline.
you you were screwed we have to accept that this is the status quo that companies are able to do this to us because legally you know they make you press the y button up front before you're ever allowed to start playing and do all this you accept the terms of service and therefore you know you the consumer should know these things before you drop 70 on a game so the onus is on you and I kind of like this approach of and I don't know how well it's going to work because I know our fucking government doesn't function or should
and more.
I'm just gonna tell it like it is.
The reality is because we never fucking get anything done in America because our government doesn't fucking function for any of us.
The reality is we look to Europe to set the standards for a lot of this stuff and they have done it for things like privacy.
They've done it for things like these sorts of consumer acts, and they just did it for AI.
because we have failed to do this.
So yet again, here we go.
And I think this is a brilliant idea to target folks over there to say, you know what?
No, fuck that.
You should not be able to have a terms of service.
You as the person making this product to sell that product need to meet these certain conditions.
And look, I get it.
Servers online ain't free.
I get it.
But you know what?
Then, if a server is going to get shut down, what you ought to do is release that software, release that program that will allow me to run my own server if I want to, or someone else to run their own server, or whatever it takes.
That onus should be on you.
You're like, I think it did.
Yes, they took PSO2 down.
Bingo.
You know.
It was Blue Burst.
PSO2 is still up.
But you're talking about Blue Burst, yeah.
Blue Burst, yeah.
Or just don't make your game rely on that anyways.
And I get it.
Some things are unavoidable if it's like an MMO or something like that.
But at the very least, they could patch it in so that it's offline.
If you are interested in this and participating... They could put a big sticker on the box that says, this game does not function without internet.
Yeah, they should.
They should do that.
And they don't.
So stop... Of course, not that the box matters anymore in this era.
So maybe that is not really forward thinking, but yeah.
So if you're interested, stopkillinggames.com.
Easy enough to remember, and you can go there and they will give you step-by-step instructions for different countries.
How is that not taken?
How is that not taken?
Because no one wants to stop killing games, they gotta kill games.
It is taken by those people.
No, I'm just saying, how was it not taken until this point?
I'm kind of impressed, to be quite honest.
Interesting.
Yeah.
Wow.
So there and I love they have targeted this game.
Yeah.
Loki was kind of saying that it's all right here.
That's that's pretty awesome.
Take action.
Select your country of residence.
All right.
What can I do in the US?
Interesting.
Here's the options you can take.
Spread the word.
All right.
Well, we did that.
We spread the word.
It's not social media, but podcasting is kind of social media, right?
Contact the FTC.
Interesting.
All right.
And they tell you how to do it.
Yeah, they really just walk you through this.
The GCCRF, that would be the France body.
I'm trying to remember what the actual acronym stands for.
It stands for the France's Directorate General for Competition Policy, Consumer Affairs and Fraud Control.
Rolls off the tongue.
But, you know, hopefully they'll be able to take action on that stuff.
Priorité Moyenne Hotte
You don't have to be in France.
You can you can do it anywhere.
They take in.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
No, I'm sorry.
Yeah, because you have that.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
Because you have that here.
But I was just I was looking like, what can they do?
And that is one of the options.
They have the others as well.
So, yeah, but I I would just assume it's going to hold more weight or whatever if more people from France do it.
Maybe not.
Apprenez simplement le français.
Yes.
Just learn French.
Oui, oui.
Non.
No, no, no, no.
I don't want to tease, right?
Look, I have mad respect for people that can speak multiple languages.
I have tried.
And my Spanish is very bad.
So I do not, you know, it's it is what I mad respect for people who can speak multiple languages because it's a very difficult thing to do.
So but anyway, that's great.
I speak a little bit of French.
Props to these folks at StopKillingGames.com.
We're trying to do something about this.
I think it's going to be fascinating to see how this develops.
So we'll see.
All right.
Oh, Def says I still got it wrong.
Moi aussi.
All right.
Let's move on and talk about, well, this is, you know, a nice, as opposed to, you know, all this stuff about games that are closing down and, you know, losing the server support forever.
This is kind of neat what's happening with Xbox.
And this is a move that the new president of Xbox, Sarah Bond, has done, is setting up a new team that is going to be dedicated to game preservation.
as well as forward-thinking compatibility.
So basically what happened, there was a report by Windows Central that got some emails, intercepted some emails from Microsoft, where Sarah Bond, who's the president of Xbox, was talking about some different topics.
One of those topics was that there is a new Xbox under development.
That's not what we all know,
Ooh, hardware.
Yeah, hardware is under development for a very long time.
PlayStation 6 is under development.
The day the PlayStation 5 was released.
Yeah.
So they are making a new Xbox.
But in the email, Sarah Bond says it is the biggest technical leap ever in a generation.
That's true.
That's a little.
Yeah.
They say that every time.
Right.
But OK, sure.
They're you know, because I'm sure a lot of us are sitting here going, yo,
Series X, PlayStation 5, modern PCs, they really push the boundary on graphics and what's possible like what's gonna be but it's like we say that every time we say that every time on this fucking Super Nintendo or even the regular Nintendo playing Super Mario Brothers 2.
This is like a cartoon.
Graphics are never gonna get better than this.
Then they remastered Super Mario Brothers 2 for the Super Nintendo and it still looked really good.
And so on and so on.
Of course, they haven't done it again, but that's all right.
Anyway, also, as part of this email, and this is the part that's getting people's attention, Sarah Bond said in the email that a dedicated team is being set up to future-proof the digital Xbox game library across future hardware paradigms to, quote, build on Xbox's strong history of delivering backward compatibility.
This is really funny because I'm sure we all remember a time when Xbox was very like, no, we're not doing anything with it.
It's not a priority for us.
We're never going to do it.
That those are the Don Mattrick years, right?
And then when Don Mattrick got the boot, and then that what was the first thing they started tackling once they got once once he got the sack?
Actually, no, because Don Mattrick was there for the launch of the Xbox One.
So I take it.
I take it back.
It was still during his years, but there was definitely some changes at the helm that had them going this direction, because they said very much at one point they weren't going to do backwards compatibility.
And then they then they they did it.
And now, yes, I would say Microsoft in many ways is kind of leading the way.
Sure, Sony PlayStation 5 plays PlayStation 4 games and kind of does 3-2-1 through cloud and stuff.
Like they've got their own kind of workaround, but it's different, right?
So it's, you know, Microsoft's in a great position in that department.
Also part of the email, kind of unrelated, but Diablo 4 has become most prominent on Xbox versus any other platform since the game started inclusion on Xbox Game Pass, which was just a couple of weeks ago.
that kind of surprise I wonder if it's concurrent players as of now because that really surprises me it's still even over PC after the PC launch but if we're talking about oh the concurrent players from last week then yeah I'd believe that so interesting
Anyway, pretty neat that they're doing a team to look at that and the fact that you know when they when we talk about like the forward as well, that means when they release a new platform, making sure that the new platform will still be able to play all the older games, which I think is is really cool.
So there is more that will be shared.
supposedly on the Xbox showcase, which will be June 9th, 2024.
That would have been the old E3 timeframe.
So Xbox is still planning on doing an announcement in that kind of, you know, in the spirit of what used to be E3 week around that same time.
So that could be very interesting.
Maybe they'll put some new games on backwards compatibility, which they said they weren't going to do, but this whole thing kind of opens that door.
Well, maybe, you know, one game that's still not backwards compatible.
Any of the DDR games.
All the DDR games from Xbox and Xbox 360 still not backwards compatible.
And I imagine there's like a weird music licensing thing in there.
Absolutely.
But would it be nice if those games would come back?
Although, yeah, we'll see.
Questbuster in chat says, as a tangent to Diablo 4, I will always accept a Diablo 4 tangent because I really like that game.
Word is that the PTR or Public Test Realm fixes they have in store for Season 4 are being received very well.
Well, the fact that they even did a PTR is a huge improvement in my book, because all of the number-crunching nerds are going to be in there.
And I say that with all due respect.
If it was not for you number-crunching nerds, I would not have my builds on websites that I can just follow to do what I want to do.
So they're all in there and apparently the fact that they can test and show what is completely imbalanced versus something else through all that hard testing I think is going to be very helpful for Season 4 as it is.
So I'm really looking forward to it.
The launch of Season 4 got pushed back though.
It's going to be in mid-May now instead of in a couple weeks because they wanted that extra time to be able to implement PTR feedback, which I think is a great call.
So stay tuned for that.
Alright, moving on, DarkSakura, let's go to you.
So, and we had, we had mentioned about this before, um, that the, uh, Nintendo Live, uh, 2024 was not going to be taking place in Tokyo because of, uh, some threats.
And, uh, according to, uh, newspaper Kyoto Shimbun, which is, you know, the newspaper out of Kyoto, um, they've arrested, uh, police have arrested the suspect who was linked to those threats.
Um.
They, uh, I mean, the event was supposed to happen in January.
Um, it would have the Mario Kart 8 Deluxe and Splatoon 3 competitions along with, you know, the usual Nintendo stuff.
But, um, they, uh, they put it off, um, because of these threats.
And so, um, now they, uh, they have a suspect in hand, but they don't know if their motives, like what their motives actually are.
Um, and I really do hope that, I mean, I'm glad that they caught somebody, but I really do hope it is the right person just because the Japanese justice system is very, um, against the, the suspected.
I'll put it that way.
You love to see accountability, but only when it's right.
Exactly, exactly.
So I really do hope that this is the person who is making the threats and that they did indeed catch them.
And I would like to see, you know, a safe and fun event happen.
Really, that's the primary thing is, I mean, honestly enough, I just want people to stop being shits.
You know, but that doesn't happen.
Yeah.
Come on.
Shitty people gonna shit.
Yeah, but I'm glad, you know,
I'm glad they were proactive about it too.
It's good.
It's good to see this sort of accountability because it's a deterrent, you know, again, we hope it's right.
But assuming it is, you know, we'd love to see this type of accountability because it deters people from being shits in the future if they like, Oh, shit, I probably, you know, shouldn't do that.
You know, that's been part of the frustrating thing with, you know, everything that's happened with the swatting phenomenon is that you completely see, you know, these horrible things that are happening to people.
And there's a very big lack of accountability in the people that pull the pranks.
And I know we see some police departments and so forth are starting to do more about that, but how frustrating because it really feels like they've been behind the curve on what shitheads on the internet are doing that this continues to happen.
So anyway.
Oh, and that's why I think that I'm going to take just a slight aside here is that the moment that you're getting any sort of harassment online from any particular person or group, you make note of it.
Like it's one thing if it's just like, oh, you know, someone just being shitty and then you never see them again.
But I would definitely if you're seeing repeat offenders,
or if people, I mean, you'll be able to tell if someone is just on you, right?
Keep a record of every interaction with this person, everything that someone says, hey, so-and-so was talking about you and or any time that you see them in a lobby that you're in.
You know, if you have even if you just have that gut feeling, save your screenshots, save your receipts.
You never know when it's going to help you.
Yeah.
Hey, it's not just 999 episodes.
It's 999 tangents that we go on in a typical episode.
But no, it is.
It is good advice.
You know, document, document that shit.
Oh, God.
Honestly, I document everything because you never know.
You never know.
All right.
You should see the file I have on you, Rob.
I'm kind of scared because I'm I'm a forgetful person.
So I'm sure my file is full.
Like remember that time, like seven years ago, you said that thing.
And I'll be like, no, I don't.
I Rob, I just have one little phrase for you.
Who needs a dining room?
Efsler.
No, I'm just kidding.
No.
You know what I mean?
Speaking of recent conversation.
Well, we'll get to that later in the show.
That's for sure.
All right.
Anyway, let's move on and talk about this next story, Loki.
Oh, this is something your kids play, right?
Yeah.
Yes.
Yes, actually.
I had to think about it.
Had to think about it.
But yes, very significantly, they play it.
But yeah, apparently, you know, there's
I mean, it's been a while now that people have been calling Roblox kind of exploitative for children, you know, that they're exploiting child labor or whatever.
But actually, now we have the Roblox studio head, Stefano Corazza, trying very poorly to say, hey, you know what?
You can look at it like that, but it's not quite like that.
but I'll let you judge for yourself based off his comments here.
So it's like, I don't know, you could say this for a lot of things, right?
Like you could say, okay, we're exploiting, you know, child labor, right?
Or you could say we're offering people anywhere in the world the capability to get a job and even like an income.
So I can be like a 15 year, this is actually verbatim, I'm not even trying to paraphrase this.
So I can be like 15 years old in Indonesia living in a slum, and then now, with just a laptop, I can create something and make money and then sustain my life.
One, you know, that's still child labor.
Like, just because you're saying, well, it's okay here because, you know, the children need money to survive because they're impoverished.
I mispronounced that twice.
Poor.
It's it's still child labor.
You're still exploiting child labor.
Like, I'm sorry, this is what it is.
It's fast.
I'm sorry.
I know you still got more to read, but it's fascinating to me that somewhere at Roblox headquarters, somewhere in a skyscraper where Roblox is headquartered somewhere in the world, there was an executive level meeting this week to discuss, OK, we need to brainstorm reasons to justify children working to tell the press.
How did we get from accusation to this response?
There was a well-crafted response here.
I don't know, but then they just keep going.
They just keep shoving that foot further up into their throat.
Then they go to explain that, you know... Why do I feel my foot in my butt?
But of course there are people that are teenagers and we've hired some teenagers that have had millions of players on the platform.
And then also said that they feel like, oh my God, this is the biggest gift.
All of a sudden I could create something.
I had millions of users.
I made so much money I could retire.
Yeah, I don't think that's going to be the majority of the platform people making that kind of money.
And not to mention that people can't make that kind of money because you take a cut every single possible place on that platform.
That's it.
The teenagers made money.
How much of that money did you take out of a teenager's pocket?
Again, big meeting to discuss.
How do we justify?
They pay less than 30% of what you make in the game to the actual player, because you have to cash out.
You have to have 100,000 roblox, which I think is like
That's a lot of I want to say 100,000 800 is I believe $20.
It's a lot.
So Oh, $1,000 is okay.
So you're gonna have $1,000.
Then roblox is cut, you end up with $350.
out of
Where's the outcry there?
I mean, there is outcry, but, you know, they're justifying it with, well, hey, you know what?
What are they gonna do?
Are they gonna... They're making games that they'll be able to earn some money to live, you know?
Otherwise, they're gonna be in one of those sweatshops out there making some Levi's, you know?
So it's like, well, whatever, you know?
One way or the other, right?
It's all... It's fine.
No one cares, right?
We're good.
I can't.
Bobby in chat says this response is in response to a GDC talk.
Well, somebody was dragging Roblox at GDC.
Maybe it needed to happen.
Yeah, probably should have.
Yeah.
Especially when, you know, Roblox is trying to position themselves as this platform to make, you know, as Fortnite does a very similar thing, to be fair.
I mean, it's very the platforms are very different, but Fortnite wants you to make, you know, experiences and things that exist within the Fortnite world as well.
They did have a PR rep step in later on, so that the vast majority of people that are earning money on Roblox are over 18, just
Not all of them are children.
Uh, Bobby also says that's just an explanation why they had this detailed response.
Yes.
So they have between the time GDC happened a couple of weeks ago and now to have that meeting to again, how are we going to justify what we do to taking money from children?
Yeah.
So great.
Great.
Anyway, let's move on.
Let's talk about a growing trend, I guess you could say, in the industry, which is funny horror games.
Now, I do play scary games occasionally.
I don't know a lot about these types of games, admittedly, but I've watched people stream them, and I can never figure out what's going on.
DarkSakura, maybe you've watched people play Lethal Company?
Um, which I have it's not like my company.
It's fun.
Is it funny, Loki?
Is it funny?
Uh, yeah, can be.
Like the monsters are kind of silly sometimes.
Yeah, because apparently these games are doing well because they use comedy as a way to, you know, make the scares, you know, make it, I guess, maybe feel a little bit more safe.
We could look at games such as Lollipop Chainsaw.
We could look at movies such as Shaun of the Dead, American Psycho, Scream.
It's a little bit different.
I would say like, so Lethal Company, it's funny because of the personalities that play it.
It's a very kind of cheap looking game.
And it's just, you know, when you're playing it, like you're probably going to die.
It's very likely that you're going to die.
It's a part of the game.
I mean, it's in the title, obviously.
It's like playing the role play Call of Cthulhu, where your end goal is just to die the most glorious death you possibly can.
Well, another game that's very similar, Content Warning, to kind of put a pin in this, Content Warning did very well during its first 24 hours of launch, and that's because they were giving it away for free.
It was a free-to-play launch day on April 1st.
I love landfall games.
They're great.
6 million Steam downloads, 200,000 concurrent players
So yeah, you can buy it now if you want for $8, whatever that translates to in your region, but about $8 is what that counts as.
So they're talking about though, they're going to fix some bugs.
I guess there was some voice chat issues and so forth.
But apparently, it's doing very well because it is similar to Lethal Company.
DarkSakura
Landfall Games are great.
I've loved this company for a while now.
Ever since ClusterTruck.
So they had ClusterTruck, they did Totally Accurate Battle Simulator, they had the Totally Accurate Battle Royale, which is pretty funny.
There's another free-running, along the lines of ClusterTruck as well.
They're just a great indie company.
Worth checking out.
All right.
Did you pick up this new game?
I haven't yet.
But you know me, I stack my- You'll add it to your backlog.
There's so much there.
Like I, the other day I was going through my Humble Bundle stuff and like I have so many hundreds of games I haven't redeemed yet.
Like it's just it's ridiculous.
All right.
Let's get to our next story.
DarkSakura.
You're muted on Discord just so you know.
I don't even recall having even hit the button so at any rate it's a it's a little sad but probably a time as the executive producer of the Dragon Quest series Miyake Yu has decided to step down and we've already got some thoughts about who's gonna take over but
But basically, he's going to go to Squenix's smartphone games as head of that.
And so, yeah, we're going to see who's going to be next, but one of the people that they're thinking of is going to be Saito Yosuke, who did the NieR series.
So who knows?
He also was a producer on Dragon Quest XI Echoes of an Elusive Age and Dragon Quest X Online.
So who knows?
Be interesting to see what comes.
I hope this isn't tacky, but I can't help but think of the recent passing of Toriyama and wondering if some of that plays into this.
um I mean we don't know but it's it's just like it's it's kind of hard for me not to go like well with Toriyama just recently having passed away and you know so much that went into you know the character design and so forth this seems just very oddly timed I don't know if this is something where it's like we want to pass the baton at this point or maybe you know it could just be an it could be the right opportunity came up I understand sometimes the right opportunity for a new job I don't think it's related at all yeah I just couldn't help but I was like this does seem
very soon after all of that.
So I don't know.
These these sort of corporate decisions, though, they usually go through like a lot of decision making process.
Yeah.
And so I I would think that that the two were would have to be unrelated.
But I mean, I'm willing to be wrong.
Yeah.
On this anyway.
But I don't I don't think that it's that it's related.
going to be very curious to see what happens with Dragon Quest.
What are we on now 12 at this point, it's just Dragon Quest 11.
I feel like it's been years since we've had a new Dragon Quest game, honestly.
I mean, I know they kind of like re released 10 in Japan.
But I mean, that does shit for fuck for us here in the US.
We don't have Dragon Quest 10 or an offline version or any of that.
I thought for sure the offline Dragon Quest 10 was the way they were going to finally bring it out over here.
Miyake has been working since Dragon Quest V in the capacity, so, you know, I would imagine that maybe he might even be looking forward to doing something different.
Quest Buster is pointing out Yuji Naka also threw some shade at Yu Miyake, saying that he had submitted lies at his trial.
Oh, really?
Drama.
All right.
I'll save that drama for your llama.
Ah, well, speaking of drama, there's a lot of it in this next story from kind of a surprising place, I have to admit, which is what makes this so interesting, Loki.
Yeah, so, I mean, we talk about crunch all the time, but one company that probably didn't expect it from is from the developers of the Life is Strange, True Colors, and Before the Storm, Deck Nine Games, who was covered by an IGN report where they talked to current and former employees alleging the studio was a toxic place to work at.
And, of course, there was crunch and poor leadership.
So basically they said that all the females that they spoke to were subjected to harassment in the company, that the
there was a kind of, they were folks claiming, you know, or I guess, having in inappropriate relationships with women, calling the Black Lives Matter movement, a hate movement, getting hung up on different political ideologies.
You know, that kind of stuff.
You know, I also trash things.
Yeah, and then we have crunch, you know, so they were saying that there's, you know, that essentially there is tighter, tight deadlines and small budgets.
So there is a crunch culture there.
And saying that they were deck nine, of course, is defending their self saying they were committed to champion diversity and telling stories from historically underrepresented groups.
Yeah, they all say that.
Thank you for watching!
This studio making this game that is kind of a very well-known sort of like queer representation kind of franchise that gets a lot of awards, those types of visibility sorts of awards and representation, just to hear that
I mean, it just goes to show, you know, kind of going all the way back to when, you know, in the earlier days of COVID lockdowns, when this was first being brought to light, that this was going on at places like Activision, Blizzard, and so forth.
You know, I think a lot of us kind of slowly became more and more aware that these are issues that are deeply rooted in the industry.
They're just exacerbated by what's going on at Activision Blizzard and so forth.
But these are these are industry problems.
These are problems that, you know, lie in the deepest, darkest corners of a lot of these places.
And now to see that it's happening, even at a studio that's making a game that stands for things that are quite the opposite of that.
And I know everything is alleged and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
But let's be real.
When multiple people have been interviewed and multiple people's accounts are collaborating,
ZachGurus
who was apparently the point of conflict.
And they were saying that aside from all the stuff about BLM and all that, that there even ended up being, I guess, Nazi imagery hidden within the Life is Strange title as well.
Yeah, gross, gross, gross, gross.
And, you know, also,
Let's see here.
Of course he defended himself saying that he didn't recall making those comments.
And of course not.
And I don't recall is like one of the worst defenses.
I'm sorry.
I don't know.
Game industry being game industry.
DarkSakura, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
I just want to say, fuck you, you fucking fuck.
Like, these are problems that are very deep rooted in the industry that unfortunately are coming to light through stories like this, which is very, very disappointing.
But I agree with what, you know, is being said in chat, as Joan Hunter-Matt says, and you wonder why more studios are unionizing.
If they're all for protecting their employees moving forward, then support them when they decide to unionize.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
So it's it's very disappointing to hear about this happening anywhere in the industry.
But you know, knowing that this studio has taken home awards, but I I have to remind myself
It's, it's, it's, there's a lot of people that work there that have nothing to do with any of this and do believe in a lot of that stuff that the game is representing.
I have to remind myself that probably there's plenty more people and it's just unfortunately a few people with power that are now tarnishing this studio's name and this story this week, which I think is very important.
And Questbuster does want to point out
that we do have different studios here.
Dotnod Studios did Life is Strange 1 and 2, but it was passed on to new ownership.
And this is, you know, True Colors that we're talking about specifically after they were done.
Still, I do believe if I'm not mistaken, True Colors still itself won many of these types of awards from what I recall.
So, you know, and yeah.
Yeah, obviously we want to make sure it's the right studio.
But at the same time, my other point is, I would bet the vast majority of people at the studio were not the problem.
And I think that's something important to keep in the back of our minds.
It was a certain person or people in power that did this shit.
Off with their heads, metaphorically.
I don't want to get banned from Twitch.
I don't want to get banned from Twitch.
So yes, I'm sure metaphorically, of course.
That's what I always mean.
What I always mean.
All right.
Moving on, let's talk about, oh boy, let's talk about a studio that's just, this game is just becoming the biggest joke of the year, I'm sorry to say, but it's of course Suicide Squad.
I probably didn't even have to tell you what the game was before you already knew what I'm talking about.
But yes, if we talk about Suicide Squad for a moment, this of course being that live service game that now has a hacker problem.
Hackers have figured out how to gain access to unreleased characters and skins.
So you know what that means.
They're already in the game.
And they just want to pay you to be able to access those things.
I agree.
Good.
Good.
This is the type of lesson that executives, I don't want to say studios, because again, most of the people that worked on this game, probably very hardworking, good people.
Executives that make these type of shitty calls, good.
Good, I'm glad it happened.
I've been watching the reviews for all of the Season 1 content pack that they have, and it's all recycled stuff from the game.
Even the fight against Brainiac is another re-skinned boss battle, just like they did in the finale of the game, which is lazy as it is already.
And it's just like such a grind fest to do anything in the game because they're trying to get you to pay to unlock a character in this $70 game already.
It's just bad.
Like this game is just like...
is is the best example.
If you actually bought this game, you know, I'm not I'm not gonna shame because you know, you probably had high expectations.
But abandon ship.
It's time to abandon ship.
You want to get out you want to see a fun time go go look at the Suicide Squad game subreddit where people are just like, Listen, I'm sick of this.
I'm done.
Like I tried to hold out hope for this stuff, but like, clear that they're not going to do anything that like they are just
regurgitating garbage just to try to get... Which reddit is this on?
It's the SuicideSquadGame subreddit.
We have a moment because DarkSakura is AFK and she's going to do the next segment.
So why not?
I want to see what this is all about.
Hold on.
Yeah, it's I think it's a suicide.
I think it's Suicide Squad game, if I remember correctly.
Suicide Squad gaming, I think might be.
I just I just game.
No, I did.
I did a search and I think I found it here.
So if we actually look at Suicide Squad gaming,
So yeah, am I the only one who genuinely enjoys everything in this game?
After all this grind, I finally got him.
I don't know.
I don't see a lot of people dogging on this.
It's probably not that one.
It's not the right subreddit.
OK, I'll try Suicide Squad Game.
Let me see.
Oh, Suicide Squad The Game?
Maybe, yeah.
Oh, well, that's locked private now, so we can't get into that one.
So, yeah, I don't know.
Play a Suicide Squad game?
Anyway, whatever.
I don't remember, but yeah, there's quite a few.
I suddenly stopped here.
I thought this segment would go somewhere more fun.
I apologize to all the listeners.
uh i swear there was another one though because i i was looking at it um anyway well let me tell you though the the hackers did uh discover how to play as deathstroke who is one of the characters that's teased for an upcoming season uh and now that hacker is the top player on the game's leaderboard so if you log in and check the rankings there you go you can see it right in front of everybody uh also apparently accessible skins for the joker king shark have been accessed uh and of course that stuff is circulating around reddit and
and wish.com's Lex Luthor's website throughout this last week.
So, there you go.
Oh, this particular news article links to a post.
I think this is the same Reddit subreddit I was looking at.
But yeah, losing interest quickly.
There's only two comments on this.
So I don't know.
But anyway, no, the one I was looking at was it was like there was a lot of posts on there like they were just like, you know, there was a couple people defending but they're like, I you know, I can't do this anymore type of thing.
Yeah.
I'm trying to find it.
stupid browser doesn't remember which it's, it's not a big deal.
We don't need to be yet another.
Well, I don't really consider ourselves press or more commentary and that sort of thing.
But we don't need to be yet another press thing that's writing articles based on Reddit.
There's enough competition in that space right now, which is every other website.
So
Anyway, um, but what we can do is get to a new segment that is completely our own.
Well, not a new segment, but our next segment that we've been doing for a very long time that is completely our own.
So let's roll the bumper.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
But once a month, DarkSakura in the year 2024 now focuses on a
cancelled game.
So this is a classic game that you never got to play because it was cancelled.
DarkSakura, this one really fucking hurts.
So yeah, I kind of hate you.
But I also love you for acknowledging it.
Let's get to it.
What is the- Another one that cancelled it.
I know you're not.
Let's get to it.
And let's roll what footage we have.
What is the classic cancelled game of the week?
Mega Man Universe.
It was a 2.5D side-scrolling platformer set in the Mega Man series.
It was being developed by Capcom for Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation Network.
It was mostly based off of Mega Man 2, but you could make your own levels, customize your characters, and it would have also been the first game in the whole series to be called Mega Man in Japan instead of Rockman.
It had like rendered levels and CG characters but played in that same sort of side-scrolling, you know, version of it.
You can make your own levels.
You place your platformer, obstacles, enemies, stuff.
You could share your levels online.
Hello, Mario Maker.
You could customize your Mega Man with different exchangeable parts and chips that give him different attributes, like jumping height, weapons he could use.
And then the game had different versions of Mega Man, including the North American Nest Box.
and some of the other Capcom property characters like Gideon from Street Fighter, Arthur from Ghosts'n Goblins and they had some DLC on the line.
So the game started production in March 2010
And there was a trademark registered by Capcom on April 27th, 2010.
Another reason why I chose this for April.
On July 16th, a stop-motion teaser was created by IM8Bit here in the U.S.
that had MegaMan, Ryu, and Arthur.
And Inafune, we all know Inafune Keiji.
I'm going to read the quote.
We wanted to preserve as much as we can of the classic 8-bit Mega Man feel while allowing players to project their own Mega Man into the game.
There were gameplay trailers out as of September 2, 2010, and then afterwards they revealed the level editor and customization.
There were other trailers for the game and had music by a cover band called The Megas.
There were a lot of different folks working on this.
It was produced by Ito Akiko, who wanted feedback on what the fans wanted to see in the game.
And so, after four months though, when Hune left,
Christian Svensson said that despite their silence on the game's development, it wasn't cancelled, but had some setbacks because of criticism and unresponsive controls.
We've got the final word though on March 31st, 2011, that Capcom officially cancelled the game due to, quote, various circumstances.
And so that's it.
We had some trailers and we had some ideas and that's about it.
which was sad.
I'm gonna I'm gonna admit the one I mean, the original trailer was like super badass that we had for the game, right?
Like it like, like showed everything in motion was really cool.
You know, the concept.
That was great.
But then, you know, when that kind of second teaser came out, and I'm gonna for those that are watching on Twitch Live, I'll play it again.
So you kind of see this footage here.
When I'm looking at this footage,
I kind of get Mega Man PC vibes.
I don't know what it is, but it doesn't seem to like snap the way a lot of Mega Man games do it.
This this feels like somebody doing a PC like custom Mega Man game is what it looks like.
I mean, I guess it would be another to kind of get in there and play it.
So but the concept was so good.
I feel like the execution may not have been what we were going to think it was, which
Which is great!
Now we have Mega Man Maker, which is independently made, but is basically this, but better, and plays like Mega Man.
And then, if we want a computer, like a PC Mega Man that sorta looks like this, but plays like Mega Man, then you have, you know, Mega Man with a...
S219 Matt says, I actually played this at Digital Life many, many years ago.
It really did play what, like what Mario Maker would be.
It wasn't like our traditional Mega Man game, kind of felt like a mobile-ish port.
Yeah, now, now we're getting into that.
I mean, I think that's,
I think this was also supposed to be like a didn't they did have like what was it a was it a PSP or Vita type of game that was there was a Mega Man maker type game that was on there I thought or maybe it was something like this too I don't remember but there was something that was Mega Man powered up Mega Man that's what it was so there was that which I think
I remember that, I do remember that.
Well, I will point out my other choice was Maverick Hunter, which was a first-person shooter game in the franchise that was to be developed by Armature Studio.
It was extreme!
Yeah, it was actually an attempt by Ina Hune.
Well, he was responsible for trying to re-establish the Western versions of the game.
And actually, the character design I thought was cool was by Adi Granov, who did a lot of cards for Magic the Gathering and some Dragonlance and some of the earlier, I'd say like 80s era D&D artwork.
And his wife was Julie Bell, who also is an artist in her own right and was his, a lot of times, his physical model for a lot of female people he drew.
He saw Bomberman X-Series and he's like, I want more of that.
But yeah, I went for something that I think would have been a little bit more universal.
See, that's it.
Powered up Megaman looks awesome.
So, that was it for the Classic Game.
All right.
Sorry, I've been talking to the mic on mute while I had this rolling.
Sorry.
But for those watching on Twitch, I actually have the footage, as you mentioned, from Mega Man Powered Up playing.
And it actually kind of does look like what you would expect Mega Man on a mobile platform to look like a little bit, you know, on a PlayStation.
Yeah, it is cute.
So, yeah, I think a re-release on this would be cute.
I want to say it was on a mobile platform.
I think Mega Man Powered Up Mega Man was on.
All right.
Well, let us move on and talk about some other headlines happening in the industry real quick.
So Loki, we'll go to you for some rapid fire news.
It was only PSP.
That's interesting.
Anyways, so there is a, a, I guess, poll done by BAFTA Games, talking about the most iconic video game characters of all time.
And who won?
Lorecroft.
Mario, Agent 47, Sonic the Hedgehog
I feel like there's a few campaigns that were going on here.
And I, I don't want to say like, oh, Lara Croft didn't deserve it.
I understand she's iconic.
No, she's iconic.
Yeah, it is a little surprising over Mario or Link or, you know, some of the other Sonic, some of the other, you know, iconic characters we've had in gaming over the years.
I would say it's a bit surprising, but when I'm British, I can see that too.
Yeah.
So yeah, it's interesting.
And then the fan game formerly known as Bloodborne Kart, now stripped of the Bloodborne coat of paint on it, is now coming out as Nightmare Kart, releasing free on Steam and itch.io on May 31st.
And it's going to have 20 racers, 16 maps, legally distinct, full campaign mode with boss fights, and versus battle mode.
Uh, I love that.
Legally distinct.
That's right.
Nightmare cart for free.
Love that price.
That's a great price.
Uh, DarkSakura.
You and I both have some pinball headlines.
We do, we do.
So there are new titles coming out for Pinball FX, some universal pinball TV classics coming out on May 16th this year.
There is going to be Xena, Warrior Princess, who is going to be fighting Callisto, Ares, and Caesar with
Nightrider Pinballs.
You can use Kits technology and go against Karr.
and have Turbo Boost and Super Pursuit Mode and all those things were in Knight Rider.
I was so obsessed with Knight Rider in third grade.
Okay, I'm gonna leave that there.
Battlestar Galactica Pinball!
You have to stop the Cylons.
Yay.
and Remember Old OLR Jokes
Thanks for watching!
DarkSakura said hey Rob
Oh, no, actually, she sent text and went, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob.
No, she actually didn't do that.
But she said, Hey, Rob, ABBA pinball.
And I said, Oh, no, I said, Is it virtual?
Or is it real?
She put real.
And my response?
Fuck.
and Abba Pinball!
Pinball Brothers is the pinball manufacturer making this.
There will be two variants.
There's going to be the regular version and the Arrival limited edition, Arrival being one of their albums that they were very famous for in the 70s.
There's also a Voyage, their newest album, collector edition version.
800 units, 300 collectors editions, 500 limited editions.
I guess the regular ones will be as many as they need to make, but the other ones will be more limited.
Abba songs will be in there as well as a arrival helicopter that is fully interactive happening there.
So that's what they were teasing it with the helicopter.
Yep.
There will be a 50th anniversary.
I'm sorry, this is all in celebration of the 50th anniversary of the date that Abba won the Eurovision Song Contest.
But you know what it is?
One of their kids is a big pinball fan.
I think it's one of Bjorn's kids is a big pinball fan and kind of helped to broker this deal, if you will.
So here's the thing, you want to know how much this table costs?
$10,000 for the Arrival Limited Edition, $11,000 for the Voyage Collector's Edition.
And many people have been asking me, many people meaning DarkSakura and Bobby have been asking me, am I planning on picking up this table?
And the answer is, I literally can't.
I would literally be divorced if I were to spend this kind of money on a pinball table.
I'm
Bobby Black Oven Chat says My Rush Limited Edition was $11,000
Yeah, those prices are really unsurprising, especially for one as deluxe as that looks to be.
Yeah.
Like, well, you know how much our Weird Al would have originally cost us.
But we were also getting a P3.
Expensive.
I mean, those tables are the ones you can kind of flip out, right?
Our Black Knight Sword of Rage, I mean, when we bought just the top or four, that was like, I think, on like a major sales in the late three grand.
Wow.
So.
All right.
Well, let's travel around the world and check out some more budget friendly game releases that are having even $70 looks great in comparison to $10,000.
Let's talk about some more budget friendly releases we have coming out real soon as we travel the world and check out some release dates.
Loki.
Yeah, not a whole lot this week, but we've got Botany Manor on PC, Nintendo Switch, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Children of the Sun on PC.
Gigantic Rampage Edition on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
That's it.
It's April.
What do you expect?
Yeah, definitely the release calendar has slowed down a little bit this time of year, but we will travel to Japan anyway, and I'll tell you the things you can look forward to over there.
On the Nintendo Switch, there is a game called Slave Zero X that is coming out in a regular and limited edition from a company called Beep Japan.
Can't make this stuff up.
I think I know that series.
Utakata no Uchronia Broccoli
Um, let's see Hatsumira from the Future Undying also releases in Japan this week.
RPG Maker With.
With what?
I don't know, but that is it's called RPG Maker With.
That is the name of it.
And this is apparently a new feature called asset sharing that allows you to create games together.
That's kind of neat.
That is actually going to be really freaking cool for collaborative.
I mean, there's a lot of good RPGs out there that were made in RPG Maker.
Yeah, so the fact that this is available on the Switch and I'm sure I'm sure a PC version of this is not is happening somewhere.
It's just not on my list right now.
So pretty cool.
Yeah.
Um, let's see.
What else do we have?
The Dragonists, Command of the Flame, also out in Japan this week.
And Steins Gate Elite gets a price reduction as it goes into a good value addition.
Again, all of that on the Nintendo Switch.
So still pretty busy in Japan this week.
I didn't even do PlayStation 5 yet.
but it's very similar.
That same Slave Zero X game is out as well as the Dragoness, Command of the Flame, both on the PlayStation 5 this week on the 11th as well.
How about Europe, DarkSakura?
In Europe, just a handful of things.
On the 9th, for PlayStation, we have Pacific Drive Deluxe Edition.
On the 11th, for PCs, we have a Fallout S-B-E-C-I-A-L Anthology.
On the 12th, for PlayStation, we have Mixture.
And also on the 12th, for PlayStation, we have the Talos Principle 2 Devolver Deluxe.
That's it.
We have a few more stories for you and then we'll get to our listener roundtable where we invite your emails at participate at orangeandreda.com as well as your calls if you want to join us in our live chat.
Discord, I'm sorry, our Discord is VOG Network.
I almost said discord.com, but that's how you get the client to find us, but it's vognetwork.com.
If you're in the green room, we will be taking calls tonight.
I will warn folks.
I expect we're going to have a lot of calls next.
We don't get a lot of calls usually on this show.
I expect we're going to have a few next week just because of, you know, the fact that it's episode 1000.
I cannot guarantee we will get to all the calls next week.
So I do not want people to feel personally offended, but there will be a time where we have to end the show because we still all have lives to go to the next day.
So I just want to kind of put that out there.
Just so nobody is surprised.
One other interesting housekeeping thing I need to say at some point during tonight's show, and then we'll get back into news.
I don't think this is going to affect very many people at all, but it will affect somebody, and I'll get an email about it if I don't say something about it.
For the last 999 episodes, when this file is put out on the feed, it actually has the episode number embedded into the podcast metadata.
So it actually knows what episode number this is because that's in the, or the, it's the track number, but it's, it's what we put in there as the podcast number in there.
After tonight's episode, I will no longer be able to, well, there's one of two things I can do.
And I'd be curious to hear from the people that actually use this.
I can either leave it blank because here's the thing.
It, it, and you probably guessed it.
It only holds three digits.
You can't go past 999 and you can't put letters in there because Jason suggested I do 1K1 and I was like, well, that'll only get me to 1009, but, um, so you can't do letters.
So literally there's two options.
Number one, I don't fill it out anymore, which is what I'm leading towards right now.
Number two, we roll the odometer over.
And we start back at zero.
I don't even know if it will hold zero, but we start back at zero next week.
And then one, two, three after that.
So from the people that actually give a shit about the podcast metadata, I would love to hear from you.
What do you want?
Because tonight's it.
There will be no more episode numbers after tonight.
unless I implement one of these.
Can we do like 999 and then plus one or something?
No, it only holds three characters.
There will not.
The title will be fine.
So like when you see it in your feeds, it will still be episode 1000 feet.
This is only the tags embedded in the file metadata.
We become the one that makes it necessary for them to change the entire system.
I will place a phone call to Tim Apple right now requesting that iTunes extend that field.
Um, now I, I actually thought of SSJ 100 Matt suggestion in chat who says Roman numerals.
I actually thought of that.
They're letters.
That's right.
They're letters.
So you can't do that.
And you're still only limited to three characters.
And usually even a number like 15 is going to or 18 is going to be XVIII.
So there's not enough spaces.
again, Tigerclaw letters only you can't do star one.
So as far as I see it, you got two options.
I get rid of it or the odometer rolls over and next week is episode zero if it even takes a zero.
I don't know if it takes a zero.
Yeah, but then that's gonna mess it up though, too.
If you know, you know, you get double numbers for like certain items.
But you know what, we just maybe we just borrow an old tagline from our old friends economy and just say we are starting over.
This is the show that never ends.
It just goes on and on, my friends.
Somebody started it not knowing when it stops.
And we keep doing it just because.
Lurch noises.
Lurch noises.
All right.
Anyhow.
Let's move on.
We have a few other headlines for you.
Because I've got a great story tonight on how we're all getting older, just in time for our thousandth episode.
But first, Loki with an interesting headline here.
So coming from the Russian newspaper, Kommersant, apparently,
Vladimir Putin wants to jump into the video game wars himself with his own Russian-built console to compete against the PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X and S. And to share the Russian propaganda.
There was orders handed down from the Kremlin to consider the issue of organizing the production of stationary and portable game consoles.
Portable game consoles and game consoles.
That sounds weirdly worded there, but, um, essentially from, from the per, per the, um, the paper itself said there's, there's no competence to produce their own, uh, PlayStation, Xbox consoles and create such a system from scratch.
We'll take up to 10 years.
Yep.
I mean, you can't just go woof.
Why don't we get that man who made Tetris?
He lives in America now.
Shit.
So good luck with that.
He'll be hopefully dead by then.
Anyways, this I feel like this device is probably going to be about as good as a Nintendo V. Do you remember the V?
I've heard the V, yeah.
But otherwise, you can look up the Nontendo or whatever this company was called.
The V, which is a complete rip off.
And I feel like and I get it because, you know, all these companies pulled out of Russia after the Ukraine invasion.
Right.
Well, this was I think this was in China where they essentially.
No, the V was the V was.
But yeah.
Yeah.
But I'm saying this Russia thing that's handed down is because all these other gaming companies pulled out of Russia after the Ukraine invasion.
I mean,
Not to give advice to like, you know, dictators or anything, but like, if you're gonna go the route of making your own console, we can really, you know,
I think that we really need to take a page out of one of the greatest console manufacturers on the planet.
Oh, no.
What is he going to say?
Soldier Boy.
Oh, God.
So we need to really follow Soldier Boy's example here and just, you know, grab something off AliExpress and just, you know, rebrand, rebrand.
And you're there you go.
You got your console right away.
No, no R&D needed.
How about... Okay.
From that story to our last story tonight, where we look at a very special anniversary happening in gaming this week.
It actually happened a few days ago, so you probably saw some lines crossing your social media feed.
But as of April 2nd, five days ago, Final Fantasy VI turned 30 years old.
Of course, this was... You are old, you're very old, oldie.
I bet your hairs are gray.
Hey, that's not funny.
I'm going to be older soon.
Guess what?
We all are getting older.
Hey, no, but I'm going to have another number.
You are older right now than you were at the beginning of the show.
Hey, guess what?
No shit.
I've been, I don't know, kind of having pre-birthday blues, so that makes me feel even older.
Oh hey, sorry to jump back to a previous topic here.
So I just saw that in tags they have season number?
Could that possibly work?
We had season two episodes.
I'll have to look.
I didn't see that there, but maybe I'll look that up.
First time first time chatter in our chat room, Martello4 says, Bitch, I'm looking finest wine.
Well, you know, you can you can you can pay a lot of money to have have Botox injections and those sorts of things.
Oh, my God.
Y'all.
Do you want to know something, Rob?
What?
I may be getting Botox injections anyway.
Well, there are like headaches.
Yes, there are medical uses.
They use Botox for it, because, you know, I I don't work in health care anymore, so I feel a little more comfortably talking about this.
I used to work in health care and they will do Botox.
Yes.
For headaches is the number one.
They can also do it.
They do it for people that have excessive sweating underarms.
Yeah.
Is the place because it it stops the I mean, I do I do watch.
My Dr. Lee, my Dr. Pimple Popper.
Well, Botox, literally the word, it's botulism toxin.
It's literally a toxin.
Anyway, what I wanted to say is I saw this woman this week with the most botched Botox I've ever seen in my life.
Like her lips were not, her doctor was not kind or she went somewhere unlicensed.
It was in the lips.
Final Fantasy VI turned 30 this week.
And of course, a lot of people are very happy to remember this.
All of us here in the US, we probably remember this as Final Fantasy III because this was back when Square called them by different numbers and all of this.
I'm kind of curious what y'all's memories of Final Fantasy III, playing that, we'll call it that for now, the Super Nintendo cartridge, what your memories of playing that was since, you know, I know we're all in our 40s at this point, you know, going back 30 years, we were, you know, of varying ages and either grade school, high school, whatever, depending where we're at.
Uh, and, uh, well, I remember I loved Final Fantasy 2.
That was one of my favorite Super Nintendo games.
I didn't I wasn't able to get Final Fantasy 3 right when it came out, right?
Because my parents, like, weren't going to drop that because the cartridges were expensive.
I would say this cartridge was like 80 bucks.
It was expensive.
Yeah, something like that.
I just I rented it and took off a week of school.
So cool.
My friend in high school had this, and I remember we went to a sleepover at his house and we were playing this game all night and he was at the point in the game
Edgar and Saban
That's why I love, so in Final Fantasy XIV, one of the classes in that game, the machinist, is very inspired by Edgar from Final Fantasy VI, and that he actually has the bioblaster, the chainsaw.
I mean, they're different because it's XIV, it has to be balanced, but it's really cool that it's inspired by all of that.
I love how that looks, so.
I remember sitting on the floor in front of our old console style CRT screen.
writing down the lyrics so I would remember what they were and screaming at the TV quite a bit and then just letting the music in, not Figaro, but letting Cyan's music play.
Because I really, really love that music.
Of course, later on, you know, I did the same thing with Chrono Trigger in Zeal.
I love that.
Quest Buster in our chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network brings up a really excellent part of Final Fantasy 3 that everybody I think remembers the first time they saw this the opera scene of Final Fantasy 3 still sticks with me to this day.
And yeah, absolutely my god.
That opera scene I feel like was almost like revolutionary in some ways of storytelling and video games like it really, really was.
Do you think they'll ever remake 6 like they did 7?
Uh, no.
I hope so, it would be cool though.
No, I don't think they will.
There was, they did the pixel remaster.
Yeah, the pixel remaster is surprisingly decent.
Yeah.
I was also pointing out, they also did the one that had like, I guess the chibi body remake style.
Yeah.
The handhelds.
Yeah, I didn't like the first mobile release was garbage.
I didn't like it.
But the pixel remasters are great, especially now that, you know, they're on PlayStation, PC, you know, wherever you want to pick it up, except Xbox.
Sorry.
You can.
Those pixel remasters are really good.
I just also remember there being bored and like, can I suplex the train?
And I could suplex the train.
And my mind was blown.
That's right.
So I can't believe this game is 30 years old, but there it is.
Hey, think of it.
Think about this.
When this show started.
That game was eight years old.
When this show started, that game was eight years old.
Now it's 30 years old.
Just food for thought.
What else does this game and I have in common?
We age well.
That's how you sell it.
All right.
Let's get to our listener round table.
We want to answer your questions in our chat room.
We also welcome your phone calls over at vognetwork.com slash discord in the green room and your emails.
We get your emails occasionally.
And I really, especially, you know, we're hitting a big landmark milestone next week with episode 1000.
I would really love to hear from y'all next week.
And if DarkSakura's voice starts to give out, I will read emails too.
I'm happy to do it.
I would, it would really mean a lot to us to hear from some of you, even if you just want to say hi and sign your name, that's fine.
I'd appreciate it.
But I think we have at least one email tonight, right?
Yeah, just one.
Okay.
I'll go ahead and read it.
Yes, please.
Dear Orange Lounge Radio team, I'm writing to extend my heartfelt congratulations on reaching a monumental milestone, your 2,000th episode.
For many, many years, you've been a dedicated voice for gamers, providing insightful discussions, news, and a platform for the gaming community to connect.
Your passion for the industry and commitment to your listeners is truly inspiring.
Reaching 2,000 episodes is a testament to your... I'm reading it like this for a reason.
Reading 2,000 episodes is a testament to your hard work, dedication, and loyal audience you've built.
I personally enjoyed Skye's deft helming of the ship that is the show, DarkSakura's never-suffering fools lightly, and Loki's frequent exasperations with Nintendo, and appreciate the informative and entertaining content you provide.
Congratulations once again.
Here's to many more successful episodes of Orange Lounge Radio.
Best regards, Red Entertainment.
This message was brought to you by Google Gemini.
Yes, really.
I asked Google Gemini to write an email to Orange Lounge Radio congratulating them on episode 2000.
And yes, I know it's 1000, but I made a typo and ran with it.
Enjoy.
OK, I don't want to see any more goddamn A.I.
emails.
That's number one.
Look, don't have A.I.
generate the email.
Write it.
We want to hear it in your own words.
If you want to
If you need a template or something, then fine.
Or give me an idea what it should look like, then fine.
But please make sure the voice is your own.
I want to know how it picked all of this stuff from us.
Oh, if you go and ask, like, if you go to, like, I can't even just do this right now because I was actually checking earlier.
Yeah, well, I wasn't using ChatGP, but like Microsoft kind of has their own thing now, right?
So I actually had looked, I was doing longest running video game podcast earlier, and it actually runs this little AI thing on the side here.
And it actually says one of the longest running video game podcasts is Orange Lounge Radio.
It still says we're 18 years, but I know that's because it was in the podcast description that way for a long time.
But here we are hosted by DarkSakura, my old name Sky, but Rob Roberts is there, Loki.
We cover all this.
We won a podcast award.
It actually,
It's- Oh, how dare you, ChatGTP!
It's pretty much all this- What did ChatGTP tell you was a different show?
Giant Bombcast.
Oh, that's what- That's what Google says it is, too.
Well, they're liars.
Well, my- So, Microsoft Copilot's the winner, to be honest.
So... There it is.
Oops.
I switched to the wrong screen.
I'm gonna fix this right the fuck now.
Okay.
Are you- Are you reporting?
Error.
Aha!
I said Orange Lounge Radio is older than Giant Bombcast.
You are correct.
Orange Lounge Radio is indeed an older podcast compared to the Giant Bombcast.
Orange Lounge Radio started in April 2002, making it one of the longest-running podcasts in the gaming community.
It focuses on video games and related topics and has been consistently producing episodes for many years.
Thank you for bringing that to my attention.
You are fucking welcome, ChadGTV.
Do not forget it.
I won't forget.
That's what I just said.
I'm saving this.
This is great.
They started theirs 10 years later.
So their podcast started April 2012.
I didn't ask the question, what is the longest running podcast that people actually know about?
I said, what is the longest running podcast on video games?
SSJ100 Matt says if you send haikus you get bonus kudos.
Yes, I would agree with that.
Podculture suggests AI haikus.
I take chocolate if you want to send me chocolate.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Somebody shows you how to hack those systems to run a bootleg online thing, which I'm sure will be coming around at some point.
Bobby Blackwolf wants to point out, be careful using ChatGPT.
Be very vigilant with ChatGPT doing Python scripts.
It hallucinates packages that don't exist.
And some people have actually created those packages with malware.
I am very careful.
I go through and basically just run it for functionality before I plug it in to run on my Mac.
Smart.
SGO100Mad is going to send off the 3DS, I'm assuming, with some Mario Kart later.
Because if you're going to play Mario Kart on the Wii U, I mean, they remade that for Switch anyway, so... Anyway, I guess that's it.
We don't have a lot of other questions.
That was our last email.
And I don't see anybody in the green room.
That was it.
Our only email.
Alas.
Until next week.
Next week.
Kind of a big deal.
It's episode 1000.
Thanks to all of you out there who have listened, whether tonight was your first night or you've been listening for a very long time.
Again, thank you all so much for being a part of it.
It's you guys showing up here week after week that gives us the incentive to do this.
And you know, it doesn't take a lot of people.
It's certainly not.
We don't have as many listeners as, um, what was the show the chat should be?
Bombcast?
Giant Bombcast.
We don't have that many listeners, but we love those of you that do show up and y'all make this worth it.
999 times over.
And it's because of you all that we're hitting such a huge landmark, really historic and unprecedented milestone next week of 1,000 episodes.
The only other gaming shows that have hit 1,000 episodes do it because they've... And I don't want to diminish anyone's accomplishments.
I'm not here to do that.
That's fantastic.
But, you know, we are the first to do a weekly release show that hits 1,000 episodes, and that's a huge...
Huge milestone for us and I'm very excited for it.
So it's enough of a milestone to make me look at my life choices.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No, it's it's a great ride.
It really is.
I'm I'm I'm digging in a weird way.
I mean, maybe some of this talk should be saved for next week, but in a weird way, I feel like I've learned a lot.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And remember, the most important thing is the friends we make along the way, which is true.
No.
It's accurate.
Well, it's and it's not just you and Matt, which is, of course, an important part of that.
But like the cool thing is, and people have commented on this, it's like you go to a city and you know people there already.
Like when I go to New York, it might just be a couple of people I meet up with, like Matt, YYR, Ranma.
But it's like I know people in New York because of the show.
I know people in other cities and other conventions I go to.
When I went to MAGFest in D.C., I ran into people because of the show.
When I went to Chicago, I know people because of the show.
When we go to John's Incredibly Mediocre Pizza, we run into people.
Yeah, it's like, you know, kind of having those connections literally around the world is incredible.
I remember going to visit my mom and my family and then going into Pensacola for like a DDR thing that my friend was doing and there being people like, oh my God, hi, we listened to you.
And I'm like, oh my God, hi.
And it was an experience.
Yeah, very humbling thing.
Yeah.
I remember when we were waiting in line for the Wii and somebody was listening to our show.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That was, well, me and, wait, for the, yeah, me and Chris were, were waiting.
Yeah.
And then we bribed everyone with donuts.
Yeah.
Good times.
Memories.
We'll do more reminiscing next week, but I did just want to say, you know, this is, this is the last triple digit episode of OLR.
Uh, that's been, so the first one would have been episode 100.
So it's been about 20 years worth of triple digit episodes.
And starting next week, it's going to be, we literally broke
the system by getting I guess I should I guess I should call some of the other shows that have gotten to a thousand episodes and ask like, what did you do about the metadata?
We don't give a shit about that.
Oh, probably.
Anyway.
All right.
Also, also, funny thing.
If you add nine plus nine plus nine, it equals 27.
And if you add two plus seven, it's nine.
Yeah, any multiple of 9 will add up to 9.
You can keep doing that.
Keep adding all the digits over and over and over again until you eventually get to 9.
We are the 9est 9 that ever 9ed.
If you add 9 and 9... Except for me, I'm a 10.
If you add 9 and 9 and 9, you get 27, which is the age I like to lie to people and say I am.
Okay.
Or you can be 29, like Bobby Blackwolf.
We can be like, listen up, 90s.
A thousand is talking.
Listen, listen up, tens.
You podcast in your tens of episodes.
Listen up, tens.
A thousand is speaking.
I love that.
That's funny.
But no, like I said earlier, again, I'm never here to diminish anyone else's achievements.
And I think any podcast that gets to 10 episodes, quite frankly, is a huge accomplishment.
It's a testament to our level of boredom, everyone.
If you're bored enough, you too can have a thousand episodes every, you know, after weeks.
Well, DarkSakura, the answer I always give, what has kept you motivated throughout 900- Spite.
Spite.
Spite.
Spite.
Spite.
Everything I do is motivated by spite.
Well, most everything.
And on that note, DarkSakura, I know you're going to go do your thing in Dead by Daylight.
Do you have a final thought for our listeners tonight?
Rejects false icons and come spend my birthday with me.
Wink, wink, nudge, nudge.
It's coming up.
All right.
It's coming up.
We'll see in a little bit.
We'll see in a little bit.
Later taters!
Before I turn it over to Loki, of course, I want to thank everybody for listening to this episode.
As always, if you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Dawn Radio, please help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices to put out on air.
So tell a friend or two.
Tag some folks on social media that may not know we're getting to a thousand episodes and let them know because it is kind of a neat thing.
So help us spread the word.
We are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we want more voices put out on air.
We want a thousand voices.
Next week for our show, but you know what I'll take 40 to be quite honest live if that's what we can get But I appreciate it.
It's not really about the numbers.
It's about All of you and the great vibes here every week.
So thank you so much Okay, now that I got that out Loki your final thought tonight
Uh, my final thought is I was just checking, you know, because we were talking about like, hey, does podcasting get to 10 episodes or whatever?
Our channel 64 chats, which is now on Spotify, is reached episode 13.
Oh, for real?
I didn't even know that was a thing.
Is that you're on that?
Yeah, I'm on that because we we do chats every month or so.
So it's under Spotify is CH64 chats is what it's listed as.
Nice.
We talk about Minecraft stuff.
Oh boy.
Alright, sounds good.
My final thought tonight.
I don't have a lot.
I'm just, you know, again, I'm just feeling I'm feeling really good about this accomplishment.
We're kind of staring down right now.
And again, I just want to thank everybody who's ever kind of joined along for the ride.
I really appreciate it.
And yeah, don't stare directly into the sun tomorrow.
Um, and hopefully when the eclipse happens, you know what?
Some people are saying that the solar eclipse is going to be the end of the world because you know, they say everything's gonna be the fucking end of the world.
They said that the last time.
Here's the thing.
With the luck I've had in my life, the week we're scheduled to hit 1000 episodes would be the week that the world ends.
So if the world does end tomorrow during the eclipse, don't stare directly in the sun.
Don't be like a former president and stare directly into the sun.
I just want to say it was really lovely knowing you all.
Yeah, you can't stare into the sun because cool guys don't look at explosions.
So, you know, right.
Bye, everybody.
We will see you next week for episode number 1000.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
Join us for our live show.
Tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
