Okay, hi, we're here.
It's episode 1000 of Orange Sounds Radio tonight, which is pretty wild to think about.
But we thought, yeah, we thought for this special occasion, we would, well, first, we're together in person for the first time since COVID happened, actually, which is
All of us, yeah, which is pretty wild to think about.
So that's been a real treat.
We actually thought we would kind of do the special opening tonight at the diner that's right over there that is surprisingly still open after... We all met, what, like 24 years ago?
We met all that time ago, and it's wild that that's still open.
Golfland's still open, which is really the place where we met.
It's it but it's also kind of like interestingly I guess poetic in a way that like all these places are still going and here we are still going uh this time later I don't know it's it's neat to think about but things change they don't have cheese sticks anymore no mozzarella sticks no what the heck no and there's no DDR machines or probably anything that doesn't spit out tickets in there at all
No, if you want to see that, you're going to go to round one on the other side of the freeway at this point.
That's what the good stuff is.
That's the newfangled stuff.
That would be like the new podcasts about DDR and that sort of thing that probably have no idea we exist.
And that's fine.
Back in our days, we went to Gothland to play the deeters.
We're the senior citizens of gaming podcasting at this point.
Aren't you still?
So on tonight's show obviously we'll talk a lot about you know just
how it feels to be a thousand years old or whatever we're celebrating tonight um but let me let me ask this question to kind of start us off at the top one thousand episodes in from june 2002 hi oh you should have been filming this the whole time okay look look alternate angle a thousand episode in a thousand episodes in some things don't change we're still making it up as we go along um
What's the secret to longevity with a podcast?
Fake it.
No.
So I was gonna say 1,000 episodes in.
Let me just ask this right at the top.
How does it feel?
How does it feel from June to now?
June 2002 to now?
I don't know.
And if the chat room is saying get a tripod, I don't want to hear it.
I don't want to hear it, look.
At a lot of different like panels about podcasting and things at Dragon Call and stuff, people are like, oh, we got to have the right equipment.
What equipment do you need to podcast?
What do you need to do?
You don't need anything.
You need a phone.
You need a phone and a dream.
And if this doesn't show that, if nothing else, all you need is a phone.
You need a tin can microphone from RadioShack because they were still around in 2002 and a dream.
I forgot I have lavalier mics that go with iPhones.
Oops.
Oh well.
Okay.
Tangents, they're inevitable.
How does it feel?
I'll go to you then, Loki.
How does it feel, 1,000 episodes?
It feels exactly the same.
I don't know.
It's hard to think about time like that because we hit all these different milestones that seem kind of ridiculous and now it's just part of our life.
It is literally getting to the point now, we're almost past, where I have been doing this show more
Thank you for watching!
Wow, look at this show now.
I've just discovered them because they've hit a thousand episodes.
But no, it's fine.
It'll be just our community.
There's a thousand podcasts putting out their first episode this week.
And it can be a real struggle to kind of stand out sometimes.
But that's what it is, right?
Exactly.
We're fortunate to have the group that we have.
You know, I'm pretty sure we're going to have a nice, solid chat show up tonight for the show.
And it's a lot of faces that we've seen throughout the last few months.
Travis, thank you for having me on Under Sedation a lot.
And sometimes you can wear a bra on your head and call yourself Queen Amidala.
I would say this show just simply doesn't exist if not for Jason.
I think our voiceover guy Jason, I don't think many of you understand from a technical, support, financial, oftentimes, and all that stuff perspective how Jason has really helped keep this show afloat.
Bobby Blackwell
the first time.
You know, our long history from Live365 to where we're at now on Twitch, Bobby kind of saved us from pulling the plug when Live365 was no longer a viable option for us.
You know, and then that's... Which is, by the way, Live365 is still there.
They are, but it's a different thing now.
I know, but I just think it's funny speaking of the things before that were still... It's like LiveJournal's still there, but it's not really LiveJournal.
Right.
I still have a permanent
I know, I know.
And that is even outside of just like, or that's even just like, then the friendship that we have, and you know, just having the whole, as he puts it, opening act, which, you know, we don't really see it the same way, but we see it as co-headlining, but all these years.
So obviously Bobby's been instrumental in that.
And there's, God, there's so many other people, like on a personal level.
I'm always worried about thanking people, because I'm gonna leave people out.
Hey, people.
Thanks.
Yeah, if you're watching this, seriously, or listening to this, thanks, because it's really everybody showing up to the table that has kept us.
I have to remember to do thank you and not this way, because this means bitch.
I'm not calling y'all bitches, I'm saying thank you.
Just, yeah, thanks for being a part of our lives for the last 21 years.
Absolutely.
And thank you for letting us be a part of yours, even if it's for a few hours.
Yeah.
So, um, with that, I guess we will start the official intro to episode number 1,000.
Too much metal for one hand?
That's us.
Two hands.
Two hands.
Split it up.
Two hands.
Two hands.
No, we're too much metal for one hand.
Instead of like that, we're like that.
Roll the intro.
The Pretendo Group is breathing new life into the Wii U's online capabilities with nothing but a DNS change.
I'm stuck in the middle of my gaming fandom enjoyment of this reveal, my awe of the technical elegance, but my concern for any possible future ramifications.
I've successfully buried the lead because this is the 1,000th episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
And now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Sommers, and Loki to talk about that.
And the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now on this show's 1,000th episode.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back once again dare I say for the 1000th time to Orange Lounge Radio live tonight April the 14th of 2024 with episode number have you heard 1000 of our show as we have been doing every week since June 2002 until now
here we are and here all of you are and honestly because we do tape live of course every Sunday night nine o'clock Eastern six o'clock Pacific right after the Bobby Blackwell show at the voice geeks network twitch.tv slash VOG Network and I am blushing because you all are like going wild with this hype train in chat right now we are up to a level 11 hype train on chat that is huge
Hi DarkSakura or JamieSummers.
Hello.
What?
What?
But this one goes to 11.
It does.
Literally this episode is going to 11.
That is how you celebrate a thousand episodes is you just turn it up even louder.
Hi DarkSakura or JamieSummers.
It is great to see you.
For those that are listening on the podcast feed, DarkSakura has put her VTuber in the bin for tonight and has put on her best drag to be here for you all live in person.
This is not my best drag, but it's suitable.
You look lovely.
Thank you.
Now that means I can go back to terrorizing everybody with doing weird stuff on cam.
Just remember, the podcasters are still here.
We love our podcast crowd too.
Yeah, we love you.
But, but I still like to play with the camera.
But yeah, I'm here.
And we'll catch up a little more in just a minute.
Let's say hello as well, of course, to the one and only playing with the camera with games in his background as we're streaming live here on Twitch.
Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi, how are you Loki?
Doing pretty good.
What is this game behind you tonight?
I don't recognize it.
It's gotta be a pun on 1000 somehow.
It is not a pun on 1000.
It is a brand new game that just came out.
It is the video game adaptation of Turbo Kid.
So Turbo Kid is kind of like a cult classic.
post apocalyptic kind of 80s style movie.
And this game kind of takes place after the events of that movie.
And it's a great metroidvania game that I will talk about a little bit more later.
Okay, I was getting metroidvania vibes from it.
You know, I love me a metroidvania.
So that's, that's great.
I think you have some friends in chat tonight.
You must have put up on your YouTube channel.
Hello to all of you in chat, what a great turnout and again, we're all blushing all sorts of colors here with the hype train you have going.
uh money to keep ourselves a legit business and all that but thanks to the generosity of you all it's it's very little out of pocket we have to do to do that so it helps us helps us do the show for free uh which we love to do we've loved to do this for every week for the last thousand weeks and um we're gonna keep it going tonight um i hope you all enjoyed uh our little reminiscing intro tonight we really did go out to golf land today uh we were originally going to record that at the diner
But silly me in planning this whole thing kind of forgot like, oh, it's Sunday after church brunch crowd.
It was packed and very, very noisy when we used to go after golf land nights.
It was very quiet in there because we were usually the only ones in there that late.
So it was a very different vibe today.
So oops.
So we had to mix it up a little bit.
So but I hope you enjoy a special intro tonight.
And hello to all of you in chat.
I gave a shout out.
Yes.
Arrington20 says Loki fan club lol Yes, got the shout out for that.
Missingno1115 says love you guys been listening for 15 years.
No, I don't I don't feel old at all tonight.
No, I love that.
I love it.
No, y'all making me blush.
I some of you have been listening for a very long time.
And I think it's really a testament to you all that have helped us get this far by being here and supporting and giving us things to talk about and making it so that we're not just talking to ourselves.
I do like to think we would have a lot of fun with the show if we were talking to ourselves.
I mean, that opening tonight was just us talking to ourselves.
But
This show is just that much more elevated because you are all here and you're a part of it.
And I just I can't thank you enough.
Yeah.
So usually at the top of the show, we would do a kickoff topic talking about something going on in video games.
But since, you know, the news this week would be this is, you know, not to toot our own horn too much, but you know what?
God damn it.
After 1000 episodes to fucking toot.
We are the news.
This is a historical thing.
We are the first podcast to hit 1000 weekly episodes.
Yes, there's, you know, and again, I've said this a million times, there's other people that count the numbers differently and do all these things.
I'm never here to crap on anybody else and the accomplishments.
Quite honestly, if you have put out five episodes of a podcast, you've done an incredible fucking thing that not a lot of people do.
So I'm never here to poop on anyone else's accomplishments.
There's lots of great, you know, accomplishments things have done and measured in different ways.
And that's great.
But, you know, for us, having done this in an era before podcasting, really continue a merging it into podcasting before iTunes was in the game.
And now to where we're at now is just, yeah, it's, it's, it's been a hell of a run.
And I thought we'd take some time at the beginning of the show to
answer a few questions, panel style.
You know I love me a panel at a fan convention.
I'll be at DragonCon, Labor Day weekend, by the way.
Hope to see you there.
And we'll answer a few questions about this show and what it means to be at 1,000 episodes.
And if you want to add some in chat, I'll try to catch some in chat.
There's a lot of you in there tonight.
I'm glad you all... Oh, that's a fancy animated emoji everybody got tonight for the hype train.
That's pretty cool.
So
If you have other questions, we'll try to get to as many as we can.
But here are a few submitted online, submitted, just asking me personally about it or texting me, or yeah, me begging people ask us a question for tonight, and so forth.
Here are some questions to jump in.
So the first question tonight, here on one on episode 1000.
What would you go back and change about episode one?
Is there anything you'd go back and change about episode one?
Loki, I'll start with you.
What would you go back and change about episode one?
I mean, we could have had some better mics, but I mean, that's fine.
It's like the first episode and we're on dial up at that point.
I mean, it wouldn't really matter.
Like, it just wouldn't.
No, I wouldn't change anything.
Maybe more chairs.
I would change one thing.
We could get some more chairs.
DarkSakura, what would you change?
The freaking migraine I had through the first episode.
Oh, my God.
My head was a wreck.
Other than that, it was it was cool to do.
It was like ours.
It was our thing.
Yeah, we we we said we're we're going to to produce this spawn of our brains.
And and it was good.
I like the vibe of a clusterfuck, but it was good.
Yeah, I like the vibe of the first episode because it was kind of like, it would be like recording a podcast in the middle of like a party kind of environment almost, or nerd party, if you will.
Because it was just like that in the first couple years.
Yeah, honestly, yeah, it was it was just like, people coming over hanging out playing, you know, music games and stuff like that.
And just
people sliding in and out of like, hey, I got something to say on the mic.
Let me say something.
Hey, let's talk about this.
Let's you know, it it was just kind of very casual, you know, and very informal, kind of a really fun vibe before I think the first few episodes, our first few years, actually.
So now we're completely professional.
So we know that's behind us, of course.
But yeah, it was a lot of fun.
Yeah, it's interesting.
A couple answers I would have for this.
There is a part of me that almost wishes the early episodes had a little more structure, but I also feel like the complete and utter lack of structure was kind of what made it special and what made it a lot of fun and had that atmosphere.
you know, the language differences in the year 2002.
Like I know we went back, I think when we hit our 19th anniversary, we went back and listened to episode one.
And we honestly thought it would be a lot worse.
But I think I caught the R slur in there, which, you know, language has changed.
Um, and you know, there's been awareness and advocation and so forth.
So obviously some of that is regrettable.
But you know, it's it is an artifact of the year 2002.
Yeah, so some of that I wish was different.
It is it isn't it doesn't age well, but I also recognize we didn't we didn't know better now we do.
Right, and it was also like, yeah, there are some things that I think, jokes that we, we kind of took, like, kind of the whole, um, oh, uh, Cards Against Humanity type of humor, you know, and thought that was kind of cool for a lot of, like, some of the jokes that we made on there, but it isn't always that funny.
There are a lot of stupid things you do and say in your 20s.
That's just how it is.
find find me I can't go back and change anything so somebody who's perfect there's gonna be things that shows that start today there's gonna be things that for shows that start today that look back in 20 years and we go oh that didn't that didn't age well you know that there it's just it's gonna it's gonna happen we can learn from it and we can do better and I hope everybody has found that that has been the case here I hope so we want to create a welcoming environment because everybody or gaming is for everyone period
And to respond to SSJ100 Matt's, I'll friend your bud.
That wasn't any of us that said that.
That was from that Seaman video.
So it was the person who did the Seaman video.
We need to find them and send them like some cookies.
Yeah.
Some, yeah.
Thank you for the material.
We're not going to friend your butt, but we'll give you a cookie.
We can't even remember the YouTuber's name.
Maybe somebody out there knows that I because I really do not know.
So.
All right.
Let's get to the next question, which would be what is the secret to keeping it all going for this long?
DarkSakura, what is the secret to keeping it all going for this long?
Habit.
My Sunday doesn't feel right without it.
You know, just like doing anything that you find enjoyable, that you, you know, are gratified by, and that you feel connected to other people with, you know, why do people do convention circuits for years?
Why- Yeah, Ranma.
Why do- Well, I wasn't just thinking about- I'm calling him out.
I'm calling him out.
No, I'm just kidding.
Nothing but love.
Why- Why do-
You know, why no matter whatever happens, I always go back to do stuff in Mass Effect.
I mean, it's kind of just like... Why is Loki's gaming week always fucking Minecraft?
Like, there's certain comfort food.
I only have time for that.
Why do I play Dead by Daylight?
You know, at least twice a week.
I mean, I used to play every... Final Fantasy 14, just as bad.
We're all guilty of our comfort food games, right?
It's just the thing.
It's what we do.
I can't put an immediate why on it, I guess, or a how.
We just keep doing it, and we keep trying to do it better.
But unless somebody wants to just give us a gift of $25,000... That's a pretty good start tonight.
Y'all are paying the bills for the next couple months, so thank you.
Twitch Twitch
It's like this really weird extended family, you know, it kind of is almost like that community feeling I used to get back on AOL back in the day where you had your RP friends and you would always meet in like the town square of Sailor Moon or Kuno's Island or whatever that sparring ring room was.
And, uh, you know, hang out with, with your friends.
It's just our, our weekly hangout.
Yeah.
You know, and we talk about video game news because I have something to talk about that isn't food.
Well, or drag race.
And we all like video games for sure.
But and all those other topics come up too.
I would I would really kind of copy that answer.
Look over your shoulder and write the same thing.
Because I think habit is a big part of our community.
It is ironic that our original plan today got blasted out a little bit by the church crowds because I think in some ways this is a very similar thing to church.
I've made this analogy before, and again, I'm not trying to sound like it's actually religious or spiritual or anything like that, but I think church is a very big habit for a lot of people that is community and all of that.
Are you saying we're a cult?
No, I am not saying we're a cult.
Ex-exempt status.
Woo!
Woo!
The Church of OLR.
This is that thing that people show up to to hear Loki preach about what fucked up thing Nintendo did this week.
But no, in all seriousness, like this is this is that community.
It's still that community.
It's habit.
And the habit part is huge, is huge.
You really do have to prioritize.
You want the secret to keeping it all going for this long.
You have to prioritize it.
The minute you start making excuses for why the show can't happen, the show's going to slip.
And there have been weeks that we've missed, but we really try to keep that
Sparing.
Like even when, and we've all had tragedy, but personally, when my mom passed away, I really worked to get back here after two weeks.
And that's not, you know, it's, it's, it's just because I kind of needed OLR as that, like, I need to find my routine again and find normalcy and what doesn't feel normal in that whole situation.
Yeah.
So, I mean, God, I mean, like,
We've all lost people in our lives throughout the show and we've all kind of been here for each other, I think.
Absolutely.
And we've seen people born.
Loki's got Spawn now, you know, friends of the show.
When in high school.
I was just getting texted pictures of the Mels who were here on episode six, I think, back because Mel B was a huge freestyler in DDR and his wife and I have been BFFs for a long time.
But I was getting pictures of their daughter, you know, today.
You know, Melody and I are sort of co-workers right now.
Yeah, it's small world.
It's great.
I'm co-workers with Drew.
Loki, let me... I need to text his butt and say, get in the chat.
Loki.
Yeah.
Oh, and that.
Oh my god, BigRedPimp in chat.
I'm so sorry.
I'm not trying to ignore chat.
I am reading.
But some of these comments here.
BigRedPimp says, you all are to blame for Angel and I getting married somehow.
It was you all your fault.
It is it blow there.
There have been relationships because of this show.
And that blows my fucking mind.
There's been shows made because of this show.
That is the ultimate compliment, by the way.
People that have done their own podcast as a result of what they maybe heard here and thought, just like we learned from Travis Donovan at Under Station Live.
Shout out if you're out there, Travis.
Just like we learned from Travis, any idiot podcast that I say that would love.
Some people have learned that lesson from us.
It doesn't take expensive equipment to do it.
So
Anyway, Loki, I didn't let you have a stab at the question.
I want to make sure you you had a chance.
What's the secret to keeping it all going for this long?
Stubborn determination.
I mean, that's it.
I mean, it's just is routine.
I mean, it's, I don't know.
It's just the see how long it goes.
I just when I do I do something and then I, I keep doing it until I'm forced not to do it anymore.
Like, you know, it's
Just what it is.
I love that answer too.
I just kind of want to see what happens.
I just kind of want to see what happens.
Alright, next question.
And this was via Twitter.
Thank you.
Will you be voting for President Kat this election?
Oh, this game.
It's it's funny to me that you know, we haven't made a lot of headway with gaming press with this milestone, which is fine.
I didn't blast everybody with a press release or anything like that.
And it's, you know, because I think sometimes the lack of exposure is actually kind of nice.
It's kind of nice that we don't have a lot of shitbags that come in this chat room.
And the unfortunate thing is if we were out there large on this big scale where people would, you know, want to find us and try to get a reaction out of us, we'd see a lot more shitbags in chat.
So sometimes being on this kind of like
hipster underground have you heard of this show kind of level is actually a really cool thing.
But we are still underground.
But it's interesting to me that President Cat was the thing.
And just dumb little Twitter campaign we were running to try to get this game localized and brought to the USA actually ended up getting more press than anything else.
Um, that was pretty funny though.
It was funny.
It was really funny.
Um, but it, and I also feel it's like the earliest form, not that we were the first, but it was the earliest form of that whole Reddit article or Reddit post becomes a story that every other game blog posts about.
So anyway, Bobby Blackwell says, well, that and Katamari, we don't talk about her.
All right.
Anyway, we do.
We love that series.
We don't, we don't talk about the incident trademark.
It's on Wikipedia somewhere and that's all you need.
Alright, back to the question.
For the record, there's like a post from a year ago, like a year ago, on Reddit, that says, do I have to make a full English translation of Tsukuba no Shachou Rena?
I think we were contacted about trying to find that episode.
So somebody's doing something.
So we'll, we'll say, I hope they do it.
They are, they are, by the way, working, making it to run on a dolphin.
I love it.
Yeah.
And the other story that got a lot of hits, you may have forgot the guitar, the guitar hero rocks the eighties or something like that.
I think we're on a Wikipedia article for that too, when that all happened.
So anyway.
We don't have an actual Wikipedia article anymore, sadly.
It got deleted because we're not notable enough.
Do you think now that we have a thousand fucking episodes we can get a Wikipedia article again?
No, because they'll be like, well, yeah, but no one's listened to you, so it's fine.
Fuck them.
Let's make one.
Somebody get on top of that.
Maybe somebody else will acknowledge this show that's not Wikipedia, but somebody we really love to acknowledge this show.
Wink, wink, wink.
I hope in the near future I can say something about it because I would love to talk about it.
Wink, wink, if you're out there.
All right.
Anyway, let's go back to the question.
Will you be voting for President Kat this election?
DarkSakura, will you be voting for President Kat this election?
Do you want the real answer or the I wish I could answer?
Whatever you feel like giving on episode 1000.
I wish I could.
I think a cat would do better than anyone we've had since Obama.
Loki, will you be voting for President Cat this election?
No, I will not be voting for President Cat.
DarkSakura,
to ensure that he does not go back to office because that would just be... First, he could go to jail before all that happens.
Let's fucking hope.
But unfortunately, accountability is not a great theme in this country.
But that's a whole other podcast.
Is it wrong that I feel dirty saying his name?
I don't want to say it because it makes me feel dirty.
No, let's talk about something that makes us feel awesome.
Let's go to the next question.
And that question is, do you ever miss DDR?
And why do you think the show doesn't talk as much about it?
Do you ever miss DDR and why do you think the show doesn't talk as much about it?
DDR is moved like past us.
I mean, I hate to say, I mean, I could probably do DDR now that I'm doing ballet and my endurance is built back up.
But
I don't even know how to answer that.
I guess I could say I miss DDR, but I could also go visit DDR when I want to.
I just don't want to.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, sometimes I think about about playing.
You know what I mean?
I think about wanting to go play and then I think about all the other stuff that I have to play.
And it also doesn't have the same magic it used to when it was new and novel.
When it was everything.
When you were almost on the edge of this phenomenon.
You were on the edge of this phenomenon.
When we started playing, we really were.
And now it's just like...
They've changed factors on the gameplay.
I still, to this day, hate the hold steps.
It's super polished and then...
Like, I'm also really pissed off at how Konami has treated the American community.
But I have to say I'm glad that the tourney circuit and all that is still going.
I don't think it's past its prime, but I think
I mean...
I just have to get off my lazy butt and go clean off the dance pads that are at my garage.
Because, I mean, I have a machine out there, just, you know, my lazy butt doesn't go out there to play because our garage is full of trash right now.
After work, I'm exhausted mentally, and then to spend time exhausting myself physically, then I don't have that creative energy to work on Minecraft content, which I'm trying to use to escape the hellhole that is my day job.
So you know, it's like, it's priorities and like, levels and stuff like that that try to do that.
But yes, I do think about it every time I go out to the garage to do laundry.
I'm like, I really need to play this thing.
Because my, my StepMania computer that was in there already broke, but I still have the 573 in there.
So I have Extreme, I could put on
a few other games in there.
I have like a multi-disc that can sort of work for some of them.
And yeah, I do still have fun playing it.
And I would like to get back into it because unfortunately COVID made me fat.
And so I would like to not be fat anymore.
Thank you very much.
And DDR did that for me, that and walking three miles a day.
But like, I would love to get back to being able to do that again.
But yeah, it does get harder as I get older for sure.
But it's only as far away as my garage.
So all right.
I'm also gonna throw this in there that I think it would be fun that when I if I make it on point that I try to play DDR on point.
My take on the question, do I miss DDR?
Yeah, I do.
But why do you think the show doesn't talk as much about it?
Probably because Step Maniacs is a better game.
It is honestly like good night.
I don't like how it's five panel.
I it's just it that's just it's too hard for me to play that.
But I do like all the songs in it.
I like I really like all the songs.
It is essentially what I've always wanted a sequel to extreme to be which was, um, hey, let's take what we did back in extreme and that type of stuff and just keep doing that before forever before the hate mail starts coming in.
I'm just
I just wanted to say an answer that would create drama.
Okay, here's the thing.
Here's the thing.
In reality, of course, I miss the DDR community.
I miss our Wednesday nights getting together and the, you know, having the food afterwards and, and all of that stuff.
I, of course, I miss all of that.
I miss that community.
I think, you know, leaning into why does the show not talk as much about it?
It's blame Konami.
Konami didn't risk DDR in this country for so long and didn't invest in the music games the way that other companies eventually did and found success with, Rock Band, Guitar Hero, and so on, that there was a gap in DDR for so long that caused us to find other stuff to play and kind of rediscover, like the community focus sort of shifted.
Now, I understand a lot of that is back now and round one has been instrumental in bringing a lot of that back to the forefront.
But I think because our lives and our hobbies have changed, because Konami gave us too big of a break, I think other people have been able to find that space, you know, again, but for me, it's like,
I, I'm out of shape.
I don't know.
But I can't resist when I see a DDR machine in the wild, especially not so much round one, when I see a DDR machine, like lonely and neglected at a bowling alley.
I can't help but sneak on there and just say, I'm gonna play a trick level song just for fun.
Yeah, it's okay.
It's okay, big guy.
People still love you.
And it's also hard for like, for me to like, especially modern DVR, I once again, I'm from the the school of like, songs go up to 10.
And that's it and difficulty.
I can't do the math now with how they have songs.
That's right.
I can't convert to the like, I can't convert.
It just, it doesn't, like, I don't know what the difficulty of songs are anymore.
And so it's, that is a little bit of a challenge.
Also, my brain still thinks I can do DDR.
My body can't.
Like, it's like, oh yeah, I could do that.
I could, I can play that, those doubles.
You know, that's, that's fine.
And then my body's like, no, no, you can't.
Yeah.
Before I started ballet, I, I, there was no way I could do anything harder than maybe five or six.
Alright, bye bye 1.5.
Okay, good.
I will keep that as in mind.
What also became difficult, Orange, right, with that is like, when I download songs, you know, off of the internet for my Step Media machine, it's like, was this used in the old format or the new format?
Like, is this, is this ain't gonna be easy?
Or is this gonna be pretty hard?
But anyway, yeah, but also in all seriousness, super props to Step Maniacs.
I see multiple people in chat kind of talking about, oh, all the cool things it does.
I think really Step Maniacs kind of took the love of the game and really, you know, innovated on that concept for, you know, the modern day dance game fan.
I think they've done a lot of great things.
I really do.
So congratulations.
And I'm very sorry for the things we said about In the Groove in the past.
It's water under the bridge, I hope at this point.
Yeah.
And at the very least... Let me put it this way.
I get it now.
I get it now.
At the very least, I would hope that if anything, if Konami was serious about their dance games, that they would at least take the opportunity to look at Step Maniacs and go, okay, we need to be better now than that to, you know, survive in this industry.
But it's Konami and, you know, they're not.
I do wish our round window would get a Dance Rush stardom, because I do want to play that.
It looks freaking awesome.
Alright, let's get to the next question.
The next question is, what job would you want if you ever worked in the gaming industry?
Loki, what job would you want if you ever worked in the gaming industry?
I've worked in the gaming industry, so like I've had lots of jobs.
I've sold games and I've, you know, I've made games.
I guess making games would still be fun.
Like, I would like to do that more.
I just don't have the time for it, and certainly, you know, mental capacity for that sometimes.
I do like to think, though, at least, you know, coding games and whatnot,
It's helped me to be able to like break, you know, part certain things, especially like, for example, in Minecraft, you're doing redstone, you know, you kind of structure stuff like you would in games, you have, you take your your thing that you're trying to accomplish, break it out into components, and then figure out how to code each of those components.
and put them all together.
And then you can also, you know, for example, take things that you've made before, take pieces of it and rearrange them and do all that.
And a lot of that stuff is kind of with game design, like when you're, you know, creating games and you've had systems and stuff that you build for other things, you can repurpose those things and, you know, do that.
Yeah, I would still like to, you know, for example, like, work on something for the Playdate that I bought, and that was my excuse for buying it, you know, certainly not to just have one.
But, you know, I'd like to try that.
There's the Game Boy, Game Boy Advanced system to, like, build stuff that
Nest Maker
Can you tell me how to do this correctly so that it works the way I wanted it to?
Like, some of the random movement stuff wasn't working right.
It would be nice to just be able to have a better understanding with that, because there's still, like, lots of stuff being made with Nest Maker.
They just put out their official strategy guide, which my game is also inside of, which I thought was pretty cool.
I forgot I even bought that.
Amazing.
Um, so there's that.
Yeah.
So there's, yeah, lots of opportunity, even like going to Unity or Godot or something like that, um, would be, I would, I mean, yeah, it would be a lot of fun to do that.
But once again, developing a game takes a lot of time and that's time that I don't have amongst the other things that I want to do.
So yeah, probably not going to happen right now.
Um, for me, well, my my Siri, actually, it is a serious answer.
It's not a joke answer.
I would want to host a revival of Starcade.
That is the job.
I want to be a fucking game show host.
I want to host a game show about video games, a revival of Nick arcade.
I'll take that too.
That would be my absolute dream job to be honest, on a somewhat like, you know, serious, what is achievable note, I would still you know, in my day job, my day world, I work with a
learning in a corporate environment.
So like training and development, corporate learning type of stuff is what I do.
I don't talk a lot about my day job for and for good reason, because there's a very clear line between those things.
But and I've told this story on the show before, so it's not a huge surprise.
I would say it was right when Alan first moved here.
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Like with Alan just having moved here, I think making that move, I don't think would have been the right call at that time.
Assuming I even got it, which you know, I hadn't been offered the job.
I pulled myself from contention after the first, I think there might have been two interviews.
and Bobby Blackwell says you also probably wouldn't still be there now and that is also a very stability is really fucking nice but I think my serious answer is I would I would have to I think do what is my other passion during my nine to five which is adult learning and that that whole environment I think I would want to take that into the gaming industry but that is a very very specialized thing but important
It used to be my dream to do music design, you know, back in the day.
And now, this is now going to be a serious answer with my current skill set, with my background in design, but also my more recent experience in project management.
is it I really do think I would love to do some sort of project management for like coordinated efforts like maybe for hashing out, you know,
a new game, I guess, you know, be the coordinator between, you know, with deliverables.
And although I still would love to to be a writer, you know, I haven't given up on that either.
I'm writing a book right now that I've been writing the same book for the last three years.
But I digress.
Coming up with ideas and integrating them
I don't know, like, doing project management with a side of, like, writing continuity, does that make sense?
No, it does.
like bringing the parts together, making things work, making sure that the deliverables, I don't want to be responsible for people, but I would love to be the one that helps bring the project together.
I think that that sounds super fun to me.
Um, and I've also looked into like community management positions to like, um, the, uh, Pokemon company was hiring for a hot minute.
I was really tempted.
It's right now.
I don't think it's the right time given the present environment.
But I mean, there's also aspects of gaming within the place that I work at that I can't bring up on the podcast that I would love to be involved with, but that's probably not going to happen.
Alright, we got two questions left.
That's assuming y'all in chat don't throw something else at us here in the next few minutes.
But we do want to get we actually do have gaming news to talk about tonight and so forth.
So we'll get to that.
But we have two questions left.
Here's here's the next last question.
What's the plan for Episode 2000?
Hopefully still be alive Jesus.
Okay, so let's do the math.
Another another Liza Minnelli reference tonight.
Well, being alive would be the plan.
I'm just doing the math on this.
I would be I don't even want to think about being that old.
I'd be 67 if it's if it takes another 22 years to get there, which assuming I'd be 67 I'd be 70.
I don't know that I want to actually be 70.
I mean, maybe by then, you know, I'll have all my bionic limbs and, you know, and I agree with DarkTetsuya, 2046 if we survive the Snatcher invasion.
But, you know, I don't I don't know.
I'm probably going to be, you know, at least 50 percent bionic parts and can actually play DDR then.
Yeah.
I. I don't.
I don't know that that's going to logically be possible.
I mean, we'll be the oldest gaming podcast for long retired people.
We'll be in our nursing home going, I'm playing my DDRs right now with my controller.
What was I playing?
Dead by Daylight, Minecraft, HowFastIs14, again.
I don't know.
It would just be like, I can't, I can't, I can barely picture my own birthday next week.
So right now, I'm just like, thank you.
I have goals.
Do you have a subathon you want to plug?
Yes, on Friday, April 19th, starting at 11 o'clock a.m.
Pacific Time until maybe past 11 p.m.
Pacific Time.
I am doing a subathon.
Subbing isn't necessary.
I really just want people to hang out with me.
But if you want to give me a present, a sub works.
Now that I play Dead by Daylight again, I'm gonna really try to come and play some games.
Yeah, I'm gonna have open lobbies, and I may do, like, an avatar palette cleanser.
But for the most part, I'm even planning on being on cam, so I have redeems that mean I have to do pliés and élivés.
I ran into a lady at Daiso who was just a little bit older than me.
And we were talking about like how it was us that went out and played video games and everything.
And she's like, Oh, now I'm into gardening.
And I'm like,
I paid, had it not been for certain things, what would have been $3,000 for a computer just to play my video games online and show people and talk to them and scream at the game.
So, yeah.
And I don't feel like any mentally older.
I feel like I give less of a shit about some things.
And I'm thinking back to doing OLR.
OLR was what got me streaming in the first place, and then I had that period where I was bullied a bit.
And then I came back, and it's through
the show actually introducing me to what Dead by Daylight actually is to play and me deciding I'm going to start from noob.
You're welcome.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Hey, you.
I'm going to start from absolute noob and stream my progress in this damn game.
And I was a Legion main.
Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie
Okay.
For those that don't understand, I'm the one that said, Jamie, you should try this game.
I think you'd enjoy it.
I looked at trailers before and I was like, I don't know.
This will make me, this will make me, I'll be mad.
I don't like first person.
I don't want to be a survivor because I don't want to die.
And then I'm like, I played killer for three years and then added survivor.
All right.
Uh, I got one more answer for this.
And now I've got stuff.
What's the plan for episode 2000?
It will probably be completely generated by AI, the way things are going.
Not that I authorize that, but I feel like at that point, if I can even speak at that point, it will probably be something that is completely AI generated at that point.
Hey ChatGBT, generate what an episode 2000 of OLR might look like.
Did you hear that TLC had a completely AI-generated romance flick?
Oh wow, no.
And it is as bad as it is.
Oh god, it's so bad.
They have a trailer, and they put stuff in the trailer, and they're like, yeah, that's good, and it's not, it's not.
Makes the room look like a cinematic masterpiece.
TCL.
TCL.
Clocks don't have two threes on them.
You mean it's not Rob?
Well, in a way, it is a little bit.
Okay, there is one final question.
And this is a whopper.
This is a deep question.
You ready?
Here we go.
Last question.
When written about in the history books, what do you want people to remember about OLR?
A callback from an episode three weeks ago or so.
I want them to remember that we were woke and gay.
Good night!
Woke and gay.
I want... And that we never sold out!
Go ahead.
No, woke and gay is cool.
I'm fine with woke and gay.
I don't know.
I would just be happy that they remembered us at all.
It's kind of sad.
They'll remember us.
All 40 people watching right now.
I would like to be remembered as a show that really
I believe we were the first show period to take phone calls live on Skype.
I really believe that.
But I don't have the proof.
So it's a hard thing to claim.
But I love that we did that for as long as we did.
And I think that was a lot.
It's a bummer Microsoft like literally has killed Skype in favor of teams at this point.
And so we've had to shift as well.
And I don't think we generate as many calls this way.
I get that.
But I think taking calls over Skype was really cool.
And having the live chat was also great.
I love that we have been able to
you know, obviously the three of us do an awful lot for the show.
And you know, our personality is all over the show.
But it's really all of you that, that oftentimes make this car go in a completely different direction.
So I would want to re remember- You're all a part of this.
Yeah, I would want to be remembered that we were really one of the first shows to really go the extra mile to incorporate the audience as well.
And yes, PodCulture says y'all birthed other shows too.
That's, that's probably the ultimate compliment, to be quite honest.
You know, the probably the best possible compliment somebody can say is,
I started podcasting because your guys' show was so terrible, I knew I could do better.
No, but you know what I mean?
You guys, you know, I wanted to do what you all were doing.
And so that's, yeah, very humbling and really great.
And I think going back, throwback to the last question, I think this show lives on through the other shows that it birthed.
much like we are carrying out in a weird way under station live and everything we learned from that you know so yeah anyway uh that's it everybody answered that i think
Well, thank you all for indulging us there a little bit.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says people can remember the OLR prove that just because you're old doesn't mean you can't like the new stuff, too.
That's right.
We are hip.
Hello, fellow kids.
That is right.
YYR says, didn't all those other shows end already?
LOL.
Probably.
It depends.
Well, if you're talking about like Horde House and things like that, yes.
But like, I think
Ranma has credited for Anime Jam Session, which is still going.
And I think there's other shows too that maybe haven't said it as explicitly.
Um, so it's, yeah.
And there's still other things in the works, you know, I've got a couple of projects that are floating around until I get other projects done.
So.
I want to hear a scary fact.
If we go for another 20 years, you never know.
There could be people that aren't born yet that start podcasts that are based off of our show.
Isn't that scary?
Honestly, I think that we actually do have listeners who were born during the time frame that our show has existed.
I hate thinking about that.
Yeah, me too.
Well, yeah.
Yeah, there we go.
There we go.
Cosmos Eve in chat says your show is literally older than me.
Thank you.
Thank you everybody, we're off to die.
Good night.
But you know, okay, I'm going to step back for something real too, though, is that doing this show and keep up doing this show has been what's given me some of the confidence to go out and do other big things in my life, like going back to streaming, doing fucking ballet in my 40s, you know?
I have a goal that when I'm 50, I want to be on point.
And
I would have never had a goal like that if I hadn't had the big confidence booster that doing this show has.
And the show has actually helped me get over a lot of personal hang-ups and reiterate that what other people think of you is not my business.
And if they try to make it my business, fuck them.
And I'm meaning like the negative stuff.
You can keep giving me compliments.
I thrive on that shit.
As much as we joke about that nobody listens to this show, I do think there have been several opportunities that have been created because of this show.
Like we got to go to E3 and it's prime because of this show.
We got to, you know, hang out there and be on the breaking news front lines of that and live that life.
And that was an opportunity because of this show.
I got to play Supernova.
We met Yamaoka.
Yes.
Naoki.
We met.
I literally have run into twice Kojima.
I got to meet Kondo-san, Koji Kondo.
being in video games now, being a part of the art that we, you know, even like with a brief cameo, being a part of the art that we so love and talk about every week.
And I'm talking about specifically two instances come to mind.
There's been more, but these two will always come to mind.
And the first one is Bungie ferret tossing, which our very own YYR did on Xbox 360.
which unfortunately is no longer available because they sunset the XNA or whatever it was, that indie game thing.
But you know how fucking cool that was to fire it up on my Xbox 360?
I mean, we did have the gamer pics, which was also cool, and the OLR logo was up there.
right off the bat.
The Typing of the Dead was more of a mod.
It's not like Sega themselves put us in the game, you know?
Oh, that's fun stuff.
No, it is fun.
I would say, and YYR says, Bungie ferret tossing will be back.
I personally guarantee this.
Thank you.
And you've always been lovely with making the OLR dream games a reality.
And I would say from one end of the pendulum to the other, so you got the indie game, right?
I would say
when we showed up in that Namco collection on PlayStation 3.
And there's a very, there's a very subtle blink and you miss it.
But if you fire up the Namco collection on PlayStation 3, thank you, Namco Museum Essentials, that was the name of the game.
If you fire it up on PlayStation 3, there's a splash screen
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Um, yeah, TutorialSkree actually had our host names in there.
And that was, yeah, me, I don't remember.
Yeah, Tinkle, maybe, I don't know, something, it was something.
But obviously, that was somebody on the inside, showing that they were listening to this show.
And that was, that was an incredible feeling, especially because the fact, especially for what it was,
And again, why I cite this one because there's been other little random cameo appearances too.
But the reason why I cite this one specifically is because the fact that this was like alongside literal Namco classics that I grew up on, that we are able to share that space with fucking Pac-Man.
And I don't even know, Dragon Spirit was in that collection.
I know it was a big one.
These really like, Dig Dug, I think it was another big one in that one, that we were sharing the space with that just felt like
Wow.
Yeah, did it kids.
We did it.
That was that was it.
Anyway, Loki, I'm sorry.
I went for like five minutes.
You were trying to say something earlier if you even remember.
I don't remember now.
Sorry.
No.
Oh, wait.
Oh, I remember now.
It was, you know, just yeah, doing the podcast this long.
It's made me very comfortable in other podcasts.
Like I could just like anything.
No stress whatsoever.
I've been doing this for as long as I can remember.
So I don't know.
Yeah.
For sure, for sure.
Um, okay.
So thank you for indulging us on our kickoff topic tonight, which was all about us.
We're going to get into other stuff.
But first, as we always do, let's talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we've been playing this week.
DarkSakura, I will start with you as usual.
How was your game week?
I played my usuals pretty much.
I played more Dracula XX, Nocturne in the Moonlight, also known as Symphony of the Night.
I played Dead by Daylight.
Actually, no, I take that back.
No, I did...
I played Dead by Daylight, I think, after the show last week, but I didn't play on Tuesday because I've been getting a breast sinus infection and I had a really bad headache.
I just couldn't play.
And I've played more Avatar, which I've beaten, but I'm going back and trying to get all the side quests done.
I love that game.
I love the just the freedom and doing like
Little tiny things in that game, and I'm really hoping that there's more DLC that comes out that deals with some of the sort of suspended storylines, I reckon, with some characters who just walked off.
Where are they now?
But that's been the big thing, you know.
My usual.
It's been it's been a very busy week as well because I'm in training at work.
So being in training and being sick means I just play what I can vegetate to.
Loki.
Well, this week I played the game that's behind me, which is Turbo Kid, and it's an excellent Metroidvania game, highly worth checking out, especially if you're a fan of the movie like I am, and I've made people watch it, and I will continue to make people watch the movie.
It is great, you should check it out.
But yeah, the game itself is also very good.
Just the whole gameplay, the animation to it, the story, they have all the music that's, I think, from the movie too.
It's just really good.
And I like that it continues the story from the movie, which is a lot of fun.
So you can check that out.
They also have what they call a non-canon playthrough.
You can play as Apple as well, which I thought was interesting.
I guess it'd be non-canon because she's dead.
Spoiler.
Fallout 4
But instead I modded Fallout 4 for like 8 hours yesterday and still haven't played it yet.
But I intend to play Fallout 4 at some point.
And the reason I wanted to play Fallout 4 is because I binge watched the entire Fallout TV series, which is excellent in my opinion.
I am not a huge Fallout nut as far as the lore goes.
I am, I guess, a casual enjoyer of Fallout.
So I wasn't bent out of shape about New Vegas stuff and, you know, canon and this and that.
It's good for what it is.
Like, the show is really enjoyable, and I liked the characters in it, and I'm very excited for the next season, so hopefully that'll be coming very soon.
I imagine that this is highly successful because all the reviews have been great on it.
So, yeah, looking forward to that.
And then, of course, Minecraft's been playing, you know, a lot of that.
I've been working, trying to work mostly on my theme park ride, and so,
Struggling to get everything done with that.
I Put together the redstone for the scoring system in it, which was complicated so that's at least all set up now and I've been trying to go through and actually do the Detail decorating on everything and because I had before that I what I'm calling wool boxing and that's essentially just great boxes dividing up the show building if you will
Thanks for watching!
I have it now where 14 boats can be going at the same time and the game is actually going to keep track of 14 different scores at the same time using redstone magic and scoreboards in the game and so it was complicated to get that all working but now it does in theory and so yeah it's just trying to work through that it's just taking a very long time and I really need to get past this like
You know, everything needs to be done before I can put it in an episode.
Because next season, when I work on the next project, which is going to be even bigger than this, it cannot be in one episode because of the nature of how it's going to go.
So I'm going to look to kind of how Tango did his decked-outs 2 from last season of Hermitcraft.
Yeah, just trying to trying to get that so that, you know, people start looking at my channel a little bit more because the growth is super slow and it's getting frustrating.
But.
How it always is.
It's got to keep at it, keep at it because you love it.
Um, let's see my game a week.
Um, I was pretty busy in my day life.
So I didn't have as much time for games.
But I did still play plenty of Final Fantasy 14.
That's my go to.
I'm trying to get all my jobs to 90 before Dawn Trail comes out.
The benchmark came out today.
Sable, I love her.
also known as Michaela's girlfriend.
And yeah, I've been I've been having fun playing as Cheryl even though I think I've maybe won one of the like 10 games I've played because I don't know if my skill regressed or what or I'm just using a very bad build.
Or I just playing with pugs all the time is very soul draining because people just don't come to get you off hook.
They just don't care.
So it's very boring.
Anyway, um,
Otherwise, I still have been playing, to be fair, I do play the GPS games, you know, the Ingress, the Pokemon Go, quite a bit, quite a bit of Monster Hunter now, actually, still been doing that, trying to level up my gear and all that good stuff.
So yeah, that's pretty much it for my gaming week.
Not a lot of new stuff, but hopefully that'll change in the coming weeks.
All right.
Are we going to do news on our 1000th episode?
Yes, we are.
We're going to get right back into it.
Why?
Why wouldn't we do the thing we always do here at Orange Launch Radio?
Yes.
Get into some news.
So also, I got the screenshot and I'm linking it like in the chat room of us in the Namco Museum.
Oh, somebody sent you this screenshot or?
No, I found a YouTube video and screenshotted it.
Oh, there's a YouTube.
Oh, that's all.
I wouldn't have even thought of that.
A long play out there or something that shows that, huh?
Oh, how funny.
Well, actually, I'm looking through my Blue Sky account.
I can I can't even do that better.
What I can do is just go thanks to the magic of Internet.
There it is.
So there's the screenshot.
Yeah.
And you can see.
Sky DarkSakura, Loki, Tinker is what they but I'm almost positive that's supposed to be like a washed version of tingle.
And then I Dragon Spirit I noticed over here.
Look at that.
Oh, LR.
Oh, LR.
So anyway, cool.
That's funny.
Oh, how did that get in there?
Interesting.
Okay.
Anyway, let's move on and talk about our news.
So let's get into
This First Story, Loki.
Yeah, so we talked about a while ago that, you know, Blizzard wasn't going to be able to publish their games in China anymore because of a disagreement with, I think it was actually NetEase at the time, but now they're back.
They're back together.
So Blizzard Entertainment put out a tweet that announced that we are pleased to announce that a new agreement with NetEase to bring Blizzard games back to mainland China has been made.
And so thank you for your patience and support.
So that's pretty awesome that they'll get to play their World of Warcraft stuff.
Even though I think a lot of that ends up being modified, like, you know, there's, uh, it's not really undead because of the things they can and can't show.
But, um, yeah, no, I, I know the folks over there are probably thrilled to have the games coming back.
Well, and I also wonder how much resentment there might be for them leaving in the first place.
You know, people that are just like, fuck it.
I'm not going back.
Cause you know, fuck them forever leaving in the first place.
I imagine there's probably going to be a little bit of that as well.
Right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, I don't know.
It's, it,
I'm sure it's all like money.
That's why there was a, probably a disagreement in the first place.
And now that, you know, Blizzard's owned by Microsoft, I'm sure that they had some different amounts of money to throw around.
All right.
Well, this week was the closure of the Wii Online services for, excuse me, Nintendo Online services for the Wii U and the Nintendo 3DS.
And just as soon as those servers went down, the very next day, folks are finding ways to be able to play online multiplayer games again, like Splatoon and so forth.
It is a service called Pretendo.
a fan collective that they what they used to do was custom Wii U servers.
But now Pretendo is opening their servers to everybody and all you have to do is do a DNS change.
So I think this was very smart what they did.
They didn't say anything about how they were going to do this until Nintendo pulled the plug.
And essentially, because I would assume they also can't really do firmware updates at this point now because they pulled all that well,
The Pokemon stuff is still running.
So there's a shell of something there.
So I maybe if Nintendo really wanted to close this loophole, they could, but they're fucking dicks if they do like let's let's be real.
So it's a DNS change that you make.
And that means you do not have to use homebrew.
You do not have to use custom firmware.
It's an exploit.
They're even calling it an exploit.
And
yeah we and they even say in a tweet we've been holding on to this exploit for this day for quite some time in case nintendo decided to issue patches for it so it's not even a case they will not even a secret
No fun.
Some services that use their own SSL libraries are not supported.
So that would mean like Watch Dogs, YouTube, because those are third party titles.
TV, I totally forgot about TV.
The eShop, Miiverse, those things will work.
But Miiverse functionality in games will work through SSSL.
So the details on how to do this if you want to play Splatoon,
Mario Kart 8 or whatever, head over to Pretendo.network.
And they haven't been cease and desisted yet.
So we'll see.
But you know, again, like Nintendo literally pulled the plug.
And I see a lot of this as game preservation.
You know, if there is no, I mean, Mario Kart 8 is one thing, but there is no way now to play the original Splatoon
online with you know, which it really is.
I mean, yeah, there's single player mode, but the online mode is a special unique thing.
There's no way to do it unless you use something like this.
Yeah.
Um, yeah, and Mike Def says this is this is how most people should do it.
Wait for a full version and shadow drop it.
Yeah, Bobby Blackwell saying Pretendo had this in their back pocket for months and just waited to announce it.
And that was the smart thing to do.
And that's especially when dealing with Nintendo.
That's how you have to do it.
You just have to just drop it and leave.
And then once it's on the internet, it's on the internet forever.
So anyway, let's move on DarkSakura.
So, I'm really not at all surprised by this, but Baldur's Gate 3 became the first game to win every major Game of the Year award.
every one of them.
It took the BAFTA, it got the Golden Joystick, the Game Award Primary, the DICE Awards, the Game Developer Choice Awards,
And I mean, it was up against, I mean, with a lot of these, especially in the BAFTAs, it was up against Alan Wake 2, Tears of the Kingdom, Spider-Man 2, and like, this is pretty crazy, and it's beaten out, it did better than Elden Ring did, and we know
Elden Ring Vampire Survivor
Bobby Blackwolf says it did not win the Bobby Blackwolf Game of the Year Awards.
This headline is misleading.
I'm sorry, Bobby.
It is major video game award awards, which I think there's five that at least Wikipedia, who I don't consider the source for everything, but I think Wikipedia will list as the like major gaming award productions that happen.
So
Yeah, um, yeah, with Elegant, yeah, it was, uh, the Baftas actually did pick, uh, Vampire Savior, Survivors, sorry.
Yeah.
Vampire Savior is Darkstalkers!
But, hey, it's, it's great, um, I haven't tried playing it since I got my, my new computer, but, um,
It's a great one.
Yeah, that's a great voice acting and in hot stuff.
It's one of those games I still need to go back and visit properly because I don't think I got it gave it a fair shot the first time through but I need to try it again.
We'll just let's throw that in the ever growing backlog of games I'll never get around to because I play MMOs.
All right, moving on Loki.
Alright, so this is kind of funny.
So there's apparently a game studio, Possibility Space, which was created by Jeff Strain.
He also created State of Decay.
He is closing down his studio because of leaks.
This had, I guess, been prompted from some questions that they received from Ethan Gatch of Kotaku, asking them about a game that they're working on.
And apparently this game was supposed to be under, of course, NDA, and as a result,
Last week I received a list of topics and questions from Ethan Gatch, a reporter of Kotaku, regarding an article he's writing about Pytania Media and the closure of Crop Circle Games.
Much of it was expected, but I was also stunned to see non-public information about Project Vognut.
Disclosure of our publishing partner with details of our business and financial relationship and details of internal P&L discussions and confidential all-company meetings.
Leaks of this nature are typically malicious and done by outside hacking, so to see internal team members under confidentiality agreements engage in this was shocking.
As a result of this cancellation of our publishing relationship and careful consideration, I am closing Possibility Space.
Today is your last day of employment at this company.
and so on and so forth.
Talk about taking your ball and going home.
Geez.
Also, yeah, I've retained a lawyer who will oversee the wind down for the studio and blah blah blah.
Yeah.
Did you hear that everyone?
I've retained a lawyer.
This will be a legal issue.
This I think is it's talking about like the wind down of the company.
I guess it's for like HR and stuff like that.
Let's see here.
Yes, given the company's own strict confidentiality and notification obligations, I immediately got on a plane for in-person meetings with our publishing partner to discuss the impact on our project.
During that discussion, our partner expressed low confidence that they would be willing to invest the additional resources needed to complete the game.
So it sounds like it's possible that maybe because these questions were being asked, maybe it
I guess unveiled some sort of like inner workings of the company and because of that the publisher got cold feet, maybe?
I don't know.
but that sucks for them but also I don't know what kind of drama what kind of drama is so much drama I'm I'm very because I'm assuming we're still going to get to find out in the coming week or so so we'll see now they have to hastily update the article to probably contact more people who are going to be even more open to squealing because this whole thing is shut down laid off yeah so
BobbyBlackWolf in chat says Kotaku hasn't shifted to writing guides yet.
Not completely, just the retail.
They have been writing lots of guides actually.
Oh no, they have, but that's not like 100% of what they do.
It's just a lot of what they do.
Yeah, like for example, if you happen to look at their site, the second thing on here is like, more Final Fantasy VII Rebirth and Dragon Dogma tips.
You're welcome.
I didn't ask for this.
which interestingly enough I saw a story today about that I guess it's not in our show role but I guess folks are saying that the sales of Final Fantasy 7 Rebirth are disappointing?
And here we go again with Square Enix.
I don't know if this is somebody, I don't know if this is them saying it or if it was an investor or somebody saying it, but I guess it's only sold half of what Remake did.
But they're leaving a huge part out when they say that and that is the fact that this game isn't available on the PlayStation 4.
which everybody, you know, or many more people had a PlayStation 4 when, you know, Remake came out than has a PlayStation 5 at this point.
So I don't think you can still call that.
That's not a one for one.
I think there's definitely some bitter Bettys out there and bitter Bobs about the fact that the game is not multi-platform.
I think people want to see this on PC and, you know, Xbox and so on.
because and trying to say, oh, it's not selling as much because this is exclusive.
But Bobby says it's an analyst.
So somebody like a Michael Patcher will say, but it's funny.
I'm an analyst.
I can make predictions like this now, too.
So it's equal weight, right?
Because if I'm an analyst, then I can I can make all sorts of things here.
We put the anal and analyst.
Absolutely.
So as an analyst, I'm going to say that one thing I did notice about Kotaku recently is they've shut off comments.
So that's fun.
No commenting on articles anymore.
I mean, half the articles are tips now anyway, so it doesn't really matter.
But yeah, it's kind of fun.
Well, maybe at some point, these websites will open up tipping because don't we as Americans love to tip?
Don't we love it?
Don't we just love that everywhere you go, there's that question, how much do you want to tip this person?
I hate that, like so much.
Not that, not that, like, I don't think, like, I get like, you know, certain services should be tippable, but like when they're just like,
When you're just doing an order where there's no special handling, it's just like they're handing you the food that you paid for and stuff like that.
Or even outside of this, I've heard of services where they want you to tip for grocery stores and stuff like that.
I don't have a problem with the tipping.
What I do have a problem with is that I'm the one expected to tip when the people at the very top are making billions of dollars.
They're the ones that should be fucking tipping.
That's who should be leaving the fucking tips, should be the people that are making more money than a person could ever spend in their lifetime, CEO of McDonald's, CEO of Walmart.
That's the person that should be leaving the fucking tips.
That's what's messed up about this.
That's what it is for me.
So anyway.
A former president of Blizzard, Mike Ibarra, who of course was the president of Blizzard but is no longer there after all the Microsoft stuff went down, has made a suggestion that players should be able to tip developers after completing a game in a tweet saying, I thought about this idea for a while as a player since I've been diving into single player games lately.
When I beat a game, there are some that just leave me in awe of how amazing the experience was.
At the end of the game, I've often thought I wish I could give these folks another 10 or $20 because it was worth more than my initial $70 and they didn't try to nickel and dime me every second.
Games like Horizon Zero Dawn, Red Dead Redemption 2, Baldur's Gate 3, Elden Ring.
I know 70 is already a lot, but it's an option at the end of the game I wish I had at times.
Some games are that special.
Mike, did you really play Red Dead Redemption 2?
Did you not see Red Dead Redemption online?
Are you really saying that Rockstar needs more money from, like, tips?
Because, like, they have just... It's so money-hungry, like, as it is, and you're like, oh, I paid $70, and I really feel like that they need more.
Like, Boulder's Gate wasn't $70, I don't believe, and, like, it, you know, like...
Mike says, I know most will dislike this idea, but I realize we are tired of tipping and everything else, but I view this different from a pressure to tip type scenario many face and give feedback on.
But I think there is some things in what he's saying.
And keep in mind, he's not the president of Blizzard anymore.
And he's not saying Blizzard games, you should be able to tip the Blizzard people.
He's not really saying that.
But I do feel that like, okay, if I enjoy the game, I buy the Battle Pass.
Like Diablo 4, a Blizzard game, ironically.
I love that series.
I like Diablo 4.
I bought the Battle Pass because I liked the game, which is something that, you know, to me, that's tipping.
Um, and but I can also understand that like with indie developers, tipping and so forth is great.
Um, you know, and help can help folks make ends meet and so forth.
And some do have tip jars set up and maybe it needs to be a little more front and center.
I don't know.
Um,
But a lot of the bigger companies, like the Activision specifically, I again think the people on the front lines ought to be being tipped by that money that was given to that fucking cesspool Bobby Kotick when he left.
He got a millions dollar payout.
That should have gone to the artists, the coders, the testers, all that.
that made that game, not fucking Bobby Kotick.
He doesn't deserve a tip.
He deserves a swift boot in the ass.
That's what pisses me off about tipping culture.
Yeah, you're asking me to tip because you are raking in your pocketing the money they should be getting.
That's fucked up.
I don't understand like where he's I really don't understand where he's coming from, like with that, because where does it stop?
Like, honestly, with that, it's it's not a
It's not a service that's provided like they've gone out of their way to do something like, you know, super special for you.
It's a game.
It's a product.
You know what I'd be like saying?
I'm tipping, you know, the box of cereal that I got, you know, today because it was a box of cereal and I thoroughly enjoyed it or something like that.
Like, can you imagine if they started doing that?
Like, I know some indie games do that and that's fine.
Like they have them put in there where like, hey, you can click on this and, you know, buy me a coffee or something like that.
Like, uh,
I remember it was Orna, Orna, I was just gonna bring up Orna, the indie GPS game.
Yeah, that's a free game, though.
Exactly.
Exactly.
But he built that in you buy me a coffee for $1 a night and it was that you wouldn't get anything out of it.
Just buy me a coffee.
And I bet there's a lot of people that did that because they enjoy that game.
Right, and that's a little bit different.
You know, it's just when we're talking about a $70 game with, you know, a $30 battle pass with, you know, $60 micro... It's not even microtransactions anymore.
Cosmetics, you know.
What I just heard was that Call of Duty has a stupid King Kong, you know, glove cosmetic that's like $60 in the game.
Like, and you're still wanting more money?
Like... No.
Like, no.
Not at all.
No, thanks.
Not paying you any more money.
Drew Nami in chat says, I'm reminded of shareware, which I actually kind of get a vibe from that too.
But we're, we're a long ways from those days, right?
Like we don't sadly, you know, it's the shareware is the thing of the past.
But yeah, I do remember that like that felt like, like, I enjoyed this demo so much.
I want more.
Here's some money type of thing.
I would like to tip like,
the members of the dev team.
Yeah, I'd be more open to tip if I if I know that the CEO isn't seeing a fucking dime.
That's that's when I'd be willing to tip.
Here's how you do it.
You can you can link your your dev teams
Patreon
You know how annoying that's going to be?
It's going to be like those app, hey, have you reviewed this app yet?
Like, it's going to be those pop-up reminders like, hey, are you enjoying this game?
You want to send us a tip?
Hey, hey, obviously you see that you played the game again.
Would you like to send us a tip?
Would you want to send us another tip?
It's going to be worse than the five-star rating prompts, yeah.
It's going to be bad.
Do not...
just what you do is you say, Mike, shut the fuck up.
She's like, we don't want to hear from you anymore.
Your ideas are bad.
And keep these ideas to yourself, please.
Thank you very much.
Yeah.
Cosmos even chat says, I wish developers were just paid more for their work.
Yes.
Fifth dream says, well, if they allow tipping, they'll use this excuse to play and pay employees less.
Yes, that's, that's, that's it.
Like the, the, the money ought to be coming from the top.
period, period.
I that's, that's what I am fucking sick of is being asked to tip at these places where the money ought to be coming from the top.
Exactly.
Anyway.
All right.
Let's move on to a little bit of lighthearted fair of some sort.
DarkSakura.
Well, there are some new additions to Nintendo Switch Online.
We are going to be getting Amazing Hiberike, Super R-Type, which is pretty fun.
I love Super R-Type.
Wrecking Crew 98 is also going to be on the list.
Honestly, I think all of those are pretty, pretty good games.
I even have a couple of them, you know.
So I think it'd be really interesting to see how Wrecking Crew 98 and Amazing Hebedeke play out for people in the US.
Now these are in Japan, but of course, you know, we have ways of getting them.
We eventually get them.
Well, yeah, it's it's cool that they actually put some Japanese games in the US switch online.
I think that's great.
You know, the games that didn't have they weren't very text intensive, because like, I remember there was like a P cross update at some point that we got there as well.
But um,
I, you know, remember, it's very, very, very easy to download the Japanese version of Switch Online.
And I would actually super recommend this for the 8-bit NES, because you can play things like Zelda and Metroid as they were on the Nintendo disc system with the extra sound.
And so I thought playing Nintendo on the Japanese app was really cool, to be honest.
Oh my God, our time had the worst slowdown on the Super Nintendo.
So funny.
Yeah, but R-Type is a, you know, all the R-Type games are pretty fucking difficult.
Yeah.
But, you know, I think that it would be nice though, is that for like some of the RPGs, if they would put out English translations, you know, reach out to some of the fan translators out there and just say, hey, we'll give you X amount of money if you let us just use your translation in the game.
I mean, I would I thoroughly enjoyed playing.
I mean, well, I mean, Live Alive had its remake, but I really enjoyed playing Treasure of the Rudra.
I think a lot of people would love to play that game, you know, or the original Star Ocean.
I mean, like original, original Star Ocean on SNES.
All right, well, let's move on.
We have a few more stories for you.
And then yes, we have a classic game of the week this week.
And I'm sure some of you are very curious.
What on earth could DarkSakura pick for episode 1000 that would be worthy of 1000th episode that hasn't been picked yet?
And I'm just gonna I'm gonna teach you with this.
I've seen the game and I went No, she did this one.
She had to have done this.
And I looked I looked back.
I was like, what?
What?
How?
How?
Nintendo is not done trying to smack down emulator developers.
This time they are coming after Suyu and Sudachi.
Discord has shut down everything connected to Suyu and Sudachi.
This includes both the emulator's servers on the platform as well as accounts tied to the developers working on the software.
Discord responds to and complies with all legal and valid DMCA requests.
In this instance, there was also a court-ordered injunction for the takedown of these materials, and we took action in a manner consistent with the court order.
Recognize that there was a court order for any of this at least not one that we've heard about yet So are they is there more legal stuff going on outside of just Yuzu?
I'd be curious to find out and according to this You know the what the developers spoke out said
that they received basically an email from Discord saying they were in violation of Discord's Terms of Service and Community Guidelines for allegedly sharing content that violates anyone's intellectual property or other rights.
See them denying that, necessarily.
But, you know, it is kind of interesting that they're coming after just these developers' accounts.
Unless, like, I could see if there was evidence... Nintendo is madder about this than they are about PAL World, and that really surprised me, to be honest.
Well, so, I mean...
I would see, like, if, so it depends, like, if on these discords, if they were sharing, like, the keys or something like that, or trading games or something, I could see there could be an issue.
But if it is legit that they don't have any of this stuff on there, it is just support for the emulator, then I think it's kind of an overreach.
But, like, also, like, what the hell's wrong with Nintendo?
Like, honestly.
But I do understand.
Push it more underground.
I do understand that like when you're emulating current gen retail stuff, it's a very slippery slope.
And stop making your goddamn consoles based off of old ass tech.
I mean, sorry.
Yeah.
I mean, yeah.
Yeah.
Those decisions that, you know, Nintendo has made come back to bite them sometimes.
And yeah, that is what it is.
But yeah.
Anyway, let's move on.
And this has also got a lot of people talking this week.
This is a digital game that has been pulled from people's libraries.
Ubisoft is deleting the crew from players libraries.
Now, here's the thing before you know you overreact a little bit, but I don't know.
I don't know.
There's still some things about this I don't like.
The servers were pulled on April 1st anyway, and The Crew was an online-only game.
So essentially, your digital copy of The Crew was worthless at this point.
You couldn't do anything with it besides, I guess, see a title screen and get an error message.
There was really nothing else to experience in this game because there are no more servers.
Apparently, Ubisoft Connect, if you had that to launch the game from, the license to play the game has been revoked.
Of course, now people are saying this is illegal, you can't do this.
Technically, it's probably in the terms of service that you just don't read and accept.
So I'm sure we all kind of go like, I don't, I oftentimes don't like going, well, that's why they did it because it's in the terms of service.
Like I can accept that.
Yes, that is the answer legally.
But I also don't like sitting here going that they should be allowed to do that, that they should be allowed to put that in there.
and you have to accept it to play the game.
Like, there's a part of me that feels like that shouldn't be the system in the first place, to be honest, but...
Anyway, um, again, the crew went down the crew to and the crew motor fest are both still going.
But if you had the crew through at least if you have a physical copy of the game, they can't exactly come into your house and take it.
That's it.
But you can't play the digital version of it through the Ubisoft Connect anymore.
Now, I think where this is kind of fucked up.
is that, like, look at the Pretendo thing we talked about earlier.
I don't know if the crew has the community to substantiate this.
Maybe they do.
But what if somebody wanted to make a different type of server?
And I did see some talk at our Discord server to acknowledge this, you know, over at vognetwork.com slash Discord, where it's one of those
Essentially, what I'm talking about doing is like those commercials and say, why don't they just turn up the graphics on level three?
It's much harder than that you would you would have to have server code that probably doesn't exist out there and that I get it.
But for that to not even be an option, because that entire thing has been stripped from your library does seem a little bit tacky to me.
If I want a pet rock that is worthless, dammit, let me have my pet rock.
And I think it's as simple as that.
YYR says in chat, the timing on this was not an accident.
Apparently someone was about to put a private server online.
Oh, so maybe someone did crack the code.
Very interesting.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, Terms of Services and ULAs, ULAs, End User License Agreements, have never been actually tested in court because everyone keeps settling.
I think the bubble is going to burst on that someday.
And we just talked about it was last week or the week before we talked about how there is a advocacy group that is trying to leverage a French organization to, we'll just say, bully Ubisoft in a way they ought to be bullied to stop doing this shit with, you know, delisting and pulling things.
This is going to happen with the crew, too.
And this is going to happen at the Crew Motor Fest, like stop buying Ubisoft games.
All right.
Well, let's take an opportunity here on episode 1000 to do something that we have been doing for 750 episodes.
To be fair, the Classic Game of the Week started in episode 250.
As I see, there's been a lot of landmarks along the way.
So 250 was another nice round number, where I think DarkSakura before did like there was like the there's like advice or something.
And then there was the website of the week.
That was always fun.
and Solicited Advice.
Yeah, and then it switched to the Classic Game of the Week in Episode 250.
And it's stayed that way ever since.
And I'm sure a lot of you are curious, what did DarkSakura pick for Episode 1000?
And unlike the game we just talked about, this is something you can go back and play.
This is games preserved the way we like it.
Let me roll the bumper and then we'll get to the game.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time, where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the Classic Game of the Week.
All right, DarkSakura, what'd you pick for Episode 1000 Classic Game of the Week?
I picked Gradius.
I've done Gradius 2.
I've done Gradius 3.
I have not done Gradius.
So, um,
Yeah, and trust me, I poured over the wiki and just made a thousand percent sure.
And even going back and reading stuff, I was like, I had to recontextualize where I brought up certain things that I'm finding so familiar because I believe I brought up the precursor to Gradius.
I brought that up talking about Salamander or Lifeforce.
So we'll take a step back and we're gonna go and take that little walk.
So Gradius was released in Japanese arcades on February 2nd, 1985.
North America got it December 1985 and Europe got it September 1985.
So this is one of those situations where Europe got it before we did.
It was of course developed by Konami.
It was the first in the Gradius series.
The version that was released outside of Japan was under the name Nemesis.
But of course, there have since been revisions back to the original name.
I actually have a Game Boy cartridge that's titled Nemesis.
But at any rate, it was originally supposed to be a sequel to its precursor, Scramble.
Um, and actually the working title was Scramble 2.
Um, but things changed.
So, um, you basically play as the spaceship called the Vic Viper.
And you have to go through, you know, enemies.
And you also get the phrase, destroy the core!
This game was novel for one very important reason, and that was its option system.
Not really, well, option in particular, but its power-up system including the options and the various lasers.
And the fact that one of the lasers actually goes back to an anime that I super enjoyed and always meant to go back and read the books, Lensmen.
I'll get to that in a second.
So, in other shooters at the time, you would get color-coded power-ups that would have a different effect on your ship.
I'm sure if you think of like Raiden, where you get the purple, it's electric, you get the red, it's fire, etc.
So a little bit more about the background of this game is that it was created by a game designer named Hiroyasu Machiguchi.
It was the first video game he publicly released.
He joined Konami in the 1980s as a programmer when Konami was transitioning away from producing metal machines, you know, M-E-D-A-L, to doing video game development.
And they wanted him to make a game that would put Konami out there.
It would make, you know, give them their
Leg up in the evolving genre, or I say the evolving media.
So basically, he asked the team what kind of game they'd like to work on.
and they wanted to work on another shooting game.
The shooting game genre had its resurgence with Xevious from Namco and so they wanted to do better.
They took a lot of mechanics and material from Scramble
and put a little bit more into it.
They came up with different ideas that they would just test out whether or not they thought it was going to work.
And they would run it all on an arcade monitor to see how it panned out.
With the options, they had 20 different movement patterns that were, you know, basically whittled down until they found the ones that would work.
And it was also produced for the Konami Bubble System.
And for the Konami bubble system, other things that ran on it were Twinbee and Galactic Warriors.
So there you go.
But they also took some options, options, some ideas that were used in Star Wars.
And like I said, Lensman, the laser weapon was actually completely influenced by Lensman.
They had the power meter mechanic where they wanted to give players freedom to select whatever weapons they wanted.
And so it was just a big, you know,
like way to give people the ultimate sort of satisfying gameplay.
And also they put Moai in the game and they've been in every subsequent game as an homage to Xevious and the Nazca lines that were referenced in Xevious.
So it
I would like some time to just go into different gaming systems one day, maybe that'll be next year.
You know, like this Bubble system or the CPS, stuff like that.
I think that the Bubble system was interesting because it used a Bubble software cartridge.
And it used magnetic bubble memory, which was a sort of NVRAM that had non-volatile RAM that used this magnetic material to hold these bubbles of data.
It's an interesting concept.
But moving forward, though, of course, the first home conversion came out for Famicom on April 25th, 1986 in Japan.
It was limited because of the hardware.
There were some designs that were simplified, like the Moai stage, for example.
And the maximum amount of options you could get was two instead of four.
But it did give us the Konami code.
This is the first game for it to appear in and followed in subsequent games such as the other Gradius games, Contra, Lifeforce, and to some extent in Parodius.
Um, but with the NES version, um, it came out in North America, December of 1986.
And it was the first NES game to have been released by Konami in North America.
And the title was kept the same as it was in Japan.
It wasn't called Nemesis.
And Nintendo, um, had it available in arcades as a Nintendo versus system.
Um, it was under the title of versus Gradius and a PlayChoice 10 cartridge.
So there was also an MSX version, July 25th, 86.
It was changed very similarly to the Famicom version and they added like a bone planet and some different enemies and some warp zones and you could play as a Twinbee.
The PC Engine version was November 15, 1991, exclusively in Japan, and it was a 2 megabit HuCard.
It was closer to the arcade than the NES and MSX, and it had a desert planet stage, kind of like the Bone Planet was added.
and of course lower resolution and it had a degree though of vertical scrolling.
As far as other platforms, it came out on various microcomputers such as the ZX Spectrum, Amstrad CPC, Commodore 64 in Europe as Nemesis the Final Challenge, PC-8801 and X1 in Japan and
There was an early version on the X68000, well I say for the early versions of the computer.
The original Gradius has been released in the Gradius Deluxe Pack for PlayStation, Saturn, and Windows.
I do have the Saturn copy.
a Gradius collection for PSP, digital releases for PlayStation 4 and Switch in the Arcade Archive series, and then the Arcade Classics Anniversary Collection from 2019 by Konami was out for PS4, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch, and Windows.
So, of course, the soundtracks have been released.
I have somewhere
Back there, the vinyl record of Gradius and Gradius 2 soundtracks.
I think you have the Gradius 3 one as well.
Yeah vinyl.
But the game in the arcade went on to be the fifth highest grossing arcade machine of 1986 in Japan.
In the UK, Nemesis was the highest grossing arcade game in 1986 on London's Electrocoin charts.
And it got really stunning reviews across the board for the arcade version.
It was, you know,
It was up there.
For the ports, the Famicom version sold over a million copies in Japan in 1986.
The home computer port went to number 2 in the UK, and the game that beat it was Feud.
PC Engine also topped the UK's PC Engine sales.
And it got the first Famitsu Best Hit Game Award.
They gave it to Famicom, the Famicom version is the best shooting game and listed the second best game of the year, just below Dragon Quest.
This has done many sequels.
We are now on the seventh generation of Gradius games with Gradius Rebirth.
But I mean, there was, you know, Salamander.
It was also re-released on the Windows Store in 2013.
And the NES port, of course, came out on Switch.
And there's an updated release as a Gradius Stage 5 Stronger version.
That came out November 14th, 2018, worldwide.
And then Gradius SP Second Loop, that also came out.
So, there you go.
I mean, Gradius.
just to
BDR, and Beatmania 2DX, to be honest.
So, uh, yeah, and Orange Rite says it gave us Gradius full speed, which for a long time we were using as the theme to the Orange Zones Radio To Go edition, uh, at the very beginning.
That's a very good call out, Orange Rite, thank you.
It should be remembered that, if I recall correctly, the first Gradius song, or reference to Gradius as a song that came out in the Bimani game, was, uh, Gradius Xyber.
Yeah, yeah, I remember that.
That was in a 5KB video game, right?
I do believe so.
And of course, there was also... I want to say there was a Salamander song.
I know that there was the Metal Gear one.
But yeah, that was... I mean, for me, it was among the first shooters I ever played.
I mean, I played Galaga and Galaxian.
But for me, yeah, that was SalamanderBeatCrushMix.
It's just up there in my list of games that I will just pick up and play through.
I love the other things that spawned.
Because if you think about it, the game spawned other games apart from just in the Gradius series.
We have the whole Parodia series.
And then, of course, the system that was on also ran Twinbee.
And Twinbee, you know, that led us to a whole series of other games as well.
It's just really, I can't say enough enough about it.
It's a game that has definitely shaped what we think of when we come to a shooter for the most part.
definitely a formative game for so many of us in history.
A great pick for episode 1000 here on Orange Launch Radio.
We're gonna get into some rapid fire news.
I have to take a moment to do a personal hijack of the show and I apologize for this, but I also don't because during the segment that DarkSakura was just doing, I just got a text message from my dad who just texted, I'm trying to show this in a way that doesn't give away, there we go, that says, congrats on your 1000th show.
You're old man, but I don't know if it's an autocorrect thing or maybe it was intended.
It actually says Y-O-U apostrophe R-E.
You're old man.
I don't know, my dad could have meant that either way, to be quite honest.
Well, thank you, Dad, if you're out there still watching.
I appreciate it.
He knows how to fire up Twitch on his iPad and watch, so I appreciate it.
So my dad is in his mid-80s, so he's doing great.
By the way, he just had eye surgery a couple weeks ago, and he's doing great.
So Cataracts?
Yeah, it was Cataracts.
So it's very, very routine.
Or as my grandmother would say, the Cadillacs.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So anyway, I'm sure he appreciates that I'm spreading all of his business here on the show, but I am admiring how fast he bounced back from the whole thing and now has that bionic vision, you know, with it.
Because I think when they're in there doing that, they also kind of touch up the eyes as well.
I think he sees even better now.
So it's pretty cool.
Well, they don't like add technology to it, so.
No.
Alright, let's get into some rapid fire news and talk about some other headlines going on in the industry.
Loki we'll go to you.
Fallout 4 is going to be getting a next-gen update rolling out on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X and sort of PC on April 25th.
As part of that, they're going to receive their own native apps on both platforms, including a 60fps mode, which is going to be
I guess the Xbox version already technically has on the X and S, but they're going to have a native version of that.
Performance and quality modes as well.
PC players are going to be getting widescreen and ultra-widescreen support, as well as updates to quests.
And they even have a brand new Fallout 4 Enclave-centered quest that's going to be coming via the Creation Club.
Hey Loki, I like your purple cat ears.
The windows that are behind your head on the train.
And then we've got some classic SNK games that are now coming to Good Old Games.
These are, of course, including lots of your favorites.
So, King of Fighters 97, King of Fighters 2003, we have Metal Slug 4, Magician Lord, Last Resort,
Lots of titles and those are all available actually right now, which is on sale until tomorrow for
It's 389 each.
That's a euro.
I'm not really sure what that translates to in the US, but cool.
I probably already have these several times over considering, you know, Twitch.
They gave them away on Twitch some time ago with Amazon Games.
Twitch and Steam.
I have a cartridge of Magician Lord and KOF 2000 and
some of those games, yeah.
I had a multi-cart, but I believe Bobby has that multi-cart now for the Neo Geo, because I think I gave that to him with the super gun, so yes.
Yes, he does.
Yeah.
Love that thing.
Nice.
All right, DarkSakura.
Whale.
A relic from our past has returned.
We have Sunsoft!
There will be a retro game selection launching on April 18th in Japan for Switch and PC.
There will also be an English release planned.
And so the games that are listed for these titles are going to be The Wing of Madula, Firework Thrower, Kantaro, 53 Stations of the Tokaido, and Ripple Island.
So I'm...
I'm pretty happy about that.
That's gonna be cute.
Yeah?
Yeah.
All those Sunsoft classics to me are things like Blaster Master, Fester's Quest, but that's okay.
These will be cool too.
Y'all might remember that for the holidays this year, I got an Evercade, and unfortunately, it turns out there are some Evercade cartridges that are going out of print.
Legacy Cart is when the license to produce the cartridge is expired, so they may not produce more stock of the cartridge.
Codemasters Collection 1
So there's that one and then Technos Arcade 1 is also being pulled.
The Technos Arcade 1 had a Double Dragon 2 in it.
And I think one of the Weltris clones or something was in this as well.
So this one, the Technos Arcade 1 will not disappear until June.
But I'm guessing that's when their license agreement is up or whatever.
So just a heads up for you Evercade collectors.
I don't recognize a lot of it.
They had so the pinball game that was in that was psycho pinball.
Ultimate Stuntman, Sensible Soccer, Stunt Buggy, Super Skid Marks, Tennis All Stars, Linus Space Head, Megalomania, Mig-29 Soviet Fighter, Psycho Pinball, CJ's Elephant Antics, Cannon Father, Cosmic Space Head, F-16 Renegade, Boomerang Kid, Big Nose the Caveman, Big Nose Freaks Out and B-52
There's only a couple of those I've heard of.
And I think these are all games that were much bigger overseas in Britain, because you know, Codemasters is huge.
Yeah, I think and that's I think we're Codemasters is based too.
So I think it's probably a little bigger.
I think the Evercades even are done over there.
So I think it's a little bit of bigger deal.
But I like sensible soccer.
I remember I recognize that, believe it or not, and a few of those others too.
So yeah, sounds like it'd be a good collection.
There's a cartridge this retired I really want.
I know I talked about this on a prior episode, but it's the one that has fucking Dragon's View on it.
Dragon 2, Dragon's View, like the Super Nintendo is on it.
And like, I think that's such an underrated game.
But anyway, it's it was like $90 on eBay.
And I was like, Okay, I want it, but I don't want it that much.
All right.
Let's get into some world release dates and talk about some other games coming out this week.
Let's go to Loki in the US.
What's coming out this week?
A lot.
We've got Europa on PC.
Grounded, I guess, is coming out of Early Access on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and PlayStation 5.
Planet of Lana on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and PlayStation 5.
Whisker Waters on PC, Nintendo Switch, and PlayStation 5.
And Soul Covenant on PC and PlayStation 5.
No Xbox games this week.
Surprising.
all right traveling to japan uh on the nintendo switch this week there's only one game coming out and that's uh uh doke yusei bang in summer cs version that is it and it is uh in summer it it looks like a it's it's got school girls all over the cover it's that kind of game so that's available on the switch if that's what you want next week by the way not to spoil things too much but next week is iuden chronicles release
And that has been a very interesting thing from what I hear.
There's been a lot of issues with the physical shipment of that game, especially if you're not in like the US, Japan, like certain countries.
They're like, now that even though you donated to Kickstarter, if you want your physical edition, you basically have to pay for it to be shipped to you.
And that's causing some ruffled feathers.
And I'm kind of going, you know what, I'm glad I got the digital version, to be quite honest, because the shipping is very expensive.
So it just sounds like their fulfillment is leaving stuff to be desired.
But I'm looking forward to playing the game in a few weeks.
Or actually, probably next week, to be honest.
No, I think digital will be three days before.
So that will be the 20th.
So that is within the next week.
That'll be before next week's show.
All right, on the PlayStation 5, we have a couple games.
We have UFO Robot Grandizer, The Feast of the Wolves is out in Japan, and one other release, a multi-language edition, so which includes Japanese, I assume, of Ark Survival Ascended, a PlayStation 5 retail version of
the ARK game survival game that's a classic I have friends that play Ingress some lady friends of mine that are they are super in ARK they love ARK they try to get me to keep playing ARK but I don't think ARK is cross platform is the problem and I have ARK on game pass so I'm like let's play on Xbox but I think they have the switch version or something like that so we're not able to play ARK unfortunately but yeah all right how about the UK DarkSakura?
Oh, by the way, my mom just says really cool on a thousand episodes.
Oh, yay.
Hello.
Yeah.
So just three things on the list.
All on my birthday.
Both of these are on Switches.
World War Z and Farming Simulator Kids.
And then for PlayStation and Xbox is Dragon Ball FighterZ.
All right, so somewhat of a slow week.
Yep.
All right, let's do just a few more stories.
And then we'll get into the roundtable.
I know I saw some emails come in during the show.
So we have a few things to read.
And I'm sure we'll try to get your chat comments.
I'm not going to guarantee we get all the calls.
I don't know how many we're gonna have tonight.
But we'll we'll do our best.
We'll see what happens.
Let's get to it.
First some stories.
Two more stories.
Loki.
So apparently some fans of Disney Speedstorm are now considering legal action because apparently Gameloft has changed how you can purchase the Battle Passes in-game.
So originally... Well, one angry Redditor is threatening legal action.
Okay, one angry person.
Okay, one person.
DarkSakura, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Currently, it used to be that you could purchase that with just tokens, so you could actually unlock that without spending real money, which is counter to what Gameloft is trying to get you to do, which is to spend real-world money on it.
So now, the Golden Pass will only be obtainable through direct purchase of $9.99 or $19.99 with a tier skip.
And that is effective starting the 17th of April.
If you really want to stick it to Disney, uninstall.
I tried Speedstorm, it was okay.
Yeah, I mean, there's other games out there.
Like, I was browsing through my Twitch stuff, I saw that, you know, Smurf Kart is a thing.
You know, you can jump on Smurf Kart, you know?
Today's the day.
Be your inner Gargamel.
How about not?
You know what?
You're right.
You shouldn't be playing Smurf Kart.
Garfield Kart's where it's at.
That's right.
That's right.
How about not?
Not on Mondays.
I hate Mondays.
Nermal!
Forget about Garfield.
Just give me the lasagna and let me watch some Garfield without Garfield.
Amen to that.
How about just, yeah, instead of playing Garfield Kart, eat lasagna.
Eat lasagna.
It'll make you happier.
Lasagna Kart.
Hold on.
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Interesting.
YYR says my wife, the librarian says there's actually been an uptick in requests for Garfield books lately.
Not sure what brought that on.
There's a movie coming out.
There's a movie coming out.
Oh, that's right.
Another animated movie.
They're like rebooting Garfield movies again, right?
Yes, because that's what people want.
I'll just go back and read the old Bloom County.
How about US Acres?
Where's their movie?
Anyone?
You know, we've had voice talent from the cartoon here on this show.
That's right.
That's right.
It's a long time ago.
But yeah.
All right.
Let's get to one more.
You know, for the last official story tonight, I thought it would be appropriate to talk about indies, you know, because we're
an indie podcast and we're always big on support other independent podcasters and independent games are very important part of this industry and that's what made this triple I initiative thing so great to take on the triple A and they did a big 45 minute showcase this week and you know what it was fucking full of announcements because what they did they just they they cut the shit
and they just did trailer, trailer, trailer, trailer, trailer.
So from this triple I initiative, you may have heard of some of these things.
I'm going to run through some of these things very quickly.
Slay the Spire 2.
It's official.
It's coming.
Early access 2025 for those.
And there is in Godot too.
yeah, RiskofRain2 getting a Devotion update, Shadows of Doubt Sharpshooter getting it or excuse me getting a Sharpshooter Assassin update.
Gestalt Steam and Cylinder has a release date of May 21st.
This is fucking rad.
Vampire Survi- I literally don't know how this is happening.
Vampire Survivors is getting Contra characters with like guns.
What?
Officially.
That is awesome.
It's
But here's the wild thing because for all the talk about lifted art from Castlevania and all this stuff that that game, it's official Konami license.
So Contra is coming officially, which is, it's wild.
I think this is so cool.
Also, even what if they got smash TV stuff?
Well, what also cracks me up, even though most people blasted Contra hardcore, except for Dark Tetsuya, this one's for you.
They are bringing Brad Fang, the wolf kind of character that fits the theme of vampire survivors into this pack as well, which is is wild.
Operation Guns for vampire survivors.
Also, I appreciate the name Operation Guns comes out May 9th.
Very cool.
Undermine 2 was announced as part of this as well.
Loki, I did a double take when I heard about the game called What the Car, because I remember you were developing a game called Time to Car, that like many games got canceled.
But What the Car, which is different, it's different, but it's coming up.
Essentially, what the car is what I'd envisioned it's Time to Car would have been.
Thanks for watching!
Norland
Well, appropriately, it's a sci-fi game about graffiti artists, and it is coming out summer of 2024.
An update for Raven's Watch called Fall of Avalon is coming out on April 22nd, so very soon.
RPG The Last Spell, a tactical game, is getting some DLC called Dwarves of Runenberg, and that comes out on April 24th.
Cat Quest 3, it's coming and it's going to have more than three cats and apparently some ghosts.
Why Cat Quest has ghosts?
Shut up and play the game.
What else are the cats going to stare at?
Shut up and play the game.
All right.
Brotato, Abyssal Terrors, Couch Co-op, Behind the Throne, Old World
gets this expansion coming on May 28th.
POW World showed up in this because POW World is still, I mean, despite its rampant success, is considered an indie, and the Arena multiplayer made a little teaser in the showcase and is coming out this year.
That won't make Nintendo upset whatsoever.
33 Immortals is moving into a closed beta on May 24th Wizard of Legend 2, well I remember the play in the first one of these That is, had some more footage shown, some gameplay, but no date of that just yet And then Leisara Summit Kingdom came out in early access as of the announcement It's a mountain city builder, and it was a stealth drop for this
Crossover DLC Rising Castlevania Never Alone 2
indigenous culture, and this sequel is coming out, which is very cool.
And I don't know if you would really consider this indie because it's published by Ubisoft, but I think it's because of the brand.
The Dead Cells developers have announced the Rogue Prince of Persia, a roguelite that combines wall running with Arkham style agile combat.
Prince of Persia meets Dead Cells
Well, that was it for all the stories we had slotted tonight.
We'll see if there's last-minute stories, but first, we're going to go to the listener roundtable.
If you have some extra questions you want to ask, put them in chat.
You bump them if I haven't seen them yet.
Sorry, you guys have been very chatty tonight, which I deeply appreciate.
I love you all for being here.
We've had, obviously, the landmark episode number.
We have more viewers tonight than we often have, so thank you, thank you.
It is making it a little harder to stay on top of chat.
And you're all appreciated.
Yes, you all are appreciated.
Thank you, thank you.
DarkSakura says, I did really dig Dead Cells, so I'm kind of intrigued about their take on Prince of Persia.
Oh, for sure.
It looked really interesting.
All right.
I think we do have some emails tonight.
Participate at OrangeTonTrader.com is the place to send emails.
And we have some tonight, believe it or not.
That we do.
We have an entire two of them, which is a thousand percent more than we normally have.
That's right.
So at any rate, God, if the email will freaking open, please open.
Email.
Thank you.
Hello, LR.
I was hoping to have something special to announce for this very special occasion, like a two-player deathmatch sequel to Pixel Poops called Pixel Poops Double Duty, or the Tempest-inspired spinoff that Jamie asked for called Vecterds.
or perhaps some other unannounced future classic.
But since I've been laser focused on my super multitasking project, I haven't had time for much else.
So I'll just say congratulations on reaching this super amazing milestone.
And also thank you for the massive amount of effort required to bring us the show over these last 22-ish years.
I think I can speak for many of your devoted fan base when I say we will gladly sit around your dinner table with you as long as you'll keep inviting us out.
Thank you, thank you, and thank you again.
I don't want to take up too much time tonight, but I'll leave you with this.
Maybe there'll be talk about how old the show is, how old you all are, and so on.
Well, speaking of old, last night at Coachella, No Doubt came out on stage, and they put on one of the greatest sets that the festival has ever seen.
Gwen Stefani bounced around the stage and belted out the hits just like she was in her 20s.
And you have never guessed that she is, in fact, 54 years old.
But she's a shining example of being young at heart, just like the three of you.
And OLR is great listening every week, as good as it's ever been.
So thanks again, and stay young at heart.
And if you get the chance, seriously, check out the replay of the No Doubt set.
It's so, so good.
Have a great week and thanks a thousand times over Aaron YYR.
Yeah, very good call out about Gwen Stefani and age being just a number.
I saw Gwen in her Vegas show, I think 2019.
So it was five years ago, but still, you know, she was pushing 50 at that point.
And, you know, very high energy show was great.
You know, when I think about like artists, you know, that are what some would consider old that are still doing very, very high energy stuff, Madonna.
DarkSakura, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
I think all of her joints are officially made of titanium and mallet rubber.
Yeah.
Well, and then, of course, Cher, for God's sakes, you know, she might not really be dancing in the same, but the fact that she does what she does, she's in her 70s.
Of course, she's Cher.
I'm Cher, bitch.
Yeah, she's she's fantastic.
So, yeah, you're never too old, right?
To paraphrase Chad Michaels, I honestly think she has an IV of Lemaire.
Oh, yeah.
15 points out.
Trent Reznor is pushing 60.
And Robert Smith is.
Yeah, absolutely.
So, yeah.
And thank you, YYR.
Thank you for, you know, obviously we talked a little bit about the indie games.
Meshere is an immortal, not a Highlander.
Highlanders are from Scotland.
No announcement needed, YYR.
I know you're working very hard and juggling all the facets of your life, and I can't wait for the super multitasking update.
And yeah, thank you for your support and making OLR dreams literally, literally making them a reality.
We owe you an awful lot of thanks for that.
And we're so excited when we see the success that your games have.
They ought to be bigger, quite frankly, but we enjoy seeing the success that is out there.
S2100 Matt says I'm going to see Pink in October.
I think Pink is still in her 40s, probably about our age, probably in her 40s.
With Sheryl Crow, I think Sheryl Crow is about around 60 and guess.
Yeah, some good stuff out there.
All right, we have another email.
Yep.
Yeah.
Oh, actually, another one popped in.
I just saw the inbox pop.
So, Dear OLR, I want to give you a big congrats on reaching a thousand episodes.
I remember listening back when jokes were made about making it this long, and I had no doubt y'all would have no doubt.
Even back during the seventh anniversary when you played Anniversary from Para Para Paradise while listening to congratulatory voicemails, I felt like this was such a special podcast that I never wanted to end.
But also I was just jamming hard to that song.
I should have done that again.
Oh, well, maybe for the birthday, for the birthday.
Sorry.
This show has been such a comfort and constant for me throughout my life.
I want to honestly thank Jamie, Loki, and Rob for the time you've put into this.
I'll be here to celebrate when Orange Lounge Radio hits 2,000 episodes as well.
Glad you'll be alive.
A question I have is, do you plan on having any special guest interviews in the near future?
The Kyle Ward episode comes to mind.
Thanks, and I love y'all.
Garth Wolf.
That's a great question and something we haven't really pursued in the COVID or post COVID, whatever you want to call it, the COVID era of our show, you know, where we are virtual now and, you know, we don't really have a studio at this point anymore, which was fine because when we did interviews before, we always did them over Skype or something else.
And I kind of was like, well, this format, you know, I wasn't sure how well it would lend itself to guests, but I think we really should be open to that.
I would love to have guests on this show.
Share!
I don't think she'd return our calls, to be quite honest.
Realistically, who would you want?
Yeah, a lot of people in chat are calling out Kyle Ward.
Yeah, yeah.
And that was a great interview, obviously.
That was a while ago.
I'd love.
Yeah, I'd love to.
Diddy Archaholic made a good point, too.
I saw Stevie Nicks a few months ago still sings exactly as she did in her 20s, and she is in her 70s now.
Oh, and I'm myself, 54 and still playing music games.
Anyone want to challenge me in Beat Saber?
I'm pretty good for 54.
and Stevie Nicks.
Yeah, yes to guests.
And you know, to be fair, we had a guest host here a few weeks ago.
So why, why couldn't we go we had Rama fill in when Loki was out, we we can have a guest.
So it's just a matter of, it can be hard to get people to be here at this very specific time.
Marissa tell Greg to come back So yeah, I mean if there if there's something to promote, but I will say this 100% I'm drawing a line to this no Kickstarters, no Kickstarters or anything like it unless I'm willing to maybe consider but certainly not guaranteeing if the product is already finished and
And the Kickstarter is publishing costs.
I may be going to consider it, but I will never have another Kickstarter campaign on this show that isn't like a shippable product already.
So that's all.
All right.
Uh, there's one more.
One more.
Oh, we got we got a yeah, just someone in chat.
So they just yeah.
Go ahead.
As I said, it popped up while I was about to read Garth Wolf's Dear OLR, it's your girl Mishi.
Mishi.
Short and sweet email.
I just wanted to say congrats on your thousandth show.
Keep them coming.
Sincerely, Mishikens.
I'll take it.
I'll take it short, short and sweet like a fortune cookie.
I am perfect.
I love it.
I want a fortune cookie now though.
You're fucked.
Oh, we don't have a fortune cookie message anymore.
Oh, yeah, that used to be a thing on this show.
Wasn't it?
Yeah, it was an after the credits thing.
But I don't stay for after the credits anymore.
Because I got Debbie's to play Twitch streaming to do.
All right.
Yeah, I also need another soda.
All right, I am going to open up the green room over at our Discord server.
VOGnetwork.com slash Discord is the place if you want to join us.
And while we wait to see if anyone wants to call, I am going to check in with Loki for last minute stories.
Sure, there's one.
So there's a cute little story about game designer Aaron.
Piccaroon, who apparently proposed to his fiancée via a playdate game that he made.
So that was kind of cute.
And essentially, it was a game that, you know, it was a platformer game.
And then you would get these different letters.
Well, it's called Love Letter.
And so you get these different letters and each one would put a letter up on the board.
And then it ended up with, you know, will you marry me at the end?
So.
pretty cute.
And of course, she said yes.
Oh, I still kind of want to get a playdate.
This looks so cute.
All right, we have some calls waiting in the green room.
Let's get to it again.
VOGnetwork.com slash discord if you want to give us a call, but we will get to our first call tonight.
Hello.
Hello.
You're on Orange Zones Radio.
Who's this?
Oh, hey, everybody.
It's the one and only DJ Ranma S. How is everybody doing tonight?
I feel complete now, because if we went 1000 episodes and you did not fucking call in for the 1000th episode, I would be like, something is missing.
Something is missing tonight.
There's an absence.
I feel I feel something is missing in the air.
And now now you're here.
Look, motherfucker, let me tell you.
I mean, it's I'm like.
How are you?
Good, you know, despite the chaos of my life the last 72 hours.
We're going to hang up on you because we have a cat.
We have a Midna is making an appearance on the show now.
I know the podcasters can't see her, but we have Midna is on the show and therefore DJ Ranma S has been bumped.
Good night.
No, I'm just kidding.
No.
Yes, I've heard you've been going through a lot, Ranma, so I don't know what to offer other than thoughts and prayers.
but please take them.
But well, here's the thing.
In the gay agenda, we have gotten rid of thoughts and prayers and replaced them with rainbows and sparkles.
So enjoy some rainbows and sparkles and good luck.
I'm definitely all for that.
Everything is just going to work out the way it is.
It's just me having to grind a little bit harder.
That's all.
I hear.
I hear.
Get back on that pole.
Just kidding.
All right.
All right.
What do you want to call in to talk about tonight?
Well, I don't want to talk about what's been what y'all discussed, but I want to say on behalf of Anime Jam Session,
Ari Rockefeller, Mako Chan, Barry, Senna, everyone.
Happy 1000th.
We love to see it.
Hell yeah.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
Now who from Anime Jam Session will be administering the 1000 spankings?
Hold on.
That sounds like a team effort.
Oh no.
Uh oh.
Uh oh.
That will be me.
Damn, I was hoping it would be Patty.
No, I'm just kidding.
Well, if you ask nicely, she will, because she has a cat of nine tails.
Okay.
She's more merciless than I am.
Nine at a time, we'll get through it a lot faster.
Hold on, hold on.
All right.
I'm just going to say right now that I... All of you new nasties.
Oh, I mean, I was just hanging out with- I own neither of these things.
I got it from the little teeny leather alley during Sacred Pride.
The fact, I'll just say, I just came back from an outing with a bunch of dirty-minded people and there was somebody there selling these things, which I almost dropped money on, but other things have come up, but you know.
I used to have a yaoi paddle somewhere.
Oh, DarkSakura, I don't know if you knew, but somebody tried to bring them back.
What?
And what happened was there was a cease and desist from the original creator saying, no, we're not bringing them back.
And the only reason why he created one for Kickstarter, because he never had an opportunity to get one.
So he decided to crowdfund one.
But I mean, I've had mine from like 2000.
Let's just say there's a reason why you can't find yaoi paddles at conventions anymore.
Oh, boy.
All right.
I didn't mean for this call to devolve into yaoi chat, but thank you very much to the cast and crew from Anime Jam Session, which I mean, you guys are no, you know, new, freshly bloomed podcast on the block yourselves.
You've been doing this quite some time, and that's a success you all should take delight in over at Anime Jam Session.
and we do and you know I get up and I do this I have a science down to it and I love it I enjoy it when I go to conventions and I hand out cards I hear from you oh I listen to you guys I watch you it makes me feel appreciated at least there's somebody that knows who we are and stuff like that and my inbox with cosplayers saying can I get a copy of my photos and I said oh thank you so
I, you know, it just makes me, I feel like I've done my part coming in.
I'm just paying it forward.
Let everyone have their time, you know?
Love it.
All right, well, Rama, we're gonna let you go so we can make sure we get people.
Oh, nope.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, how?
I am so I'm so sorry.
You know what?
You know what?
I'm leaving.
I'm leaving.
How could I possibly fucking Nope, you can't see me.
I'm gone.
Because how could I fucking leave out the toast?
I am my apologies.
1000 apologies for 1000 episodes Rama.
I didn't have time to make myself a gin and tonic.
Sorry.
Look, I just got brought from the husband.
Thank you, husband.
A coffee because I made puppy dog eyes.
So I'm ready to.
There's no Bailey's in this, but I will still partake in the toast.
Rama, please.
I had to get some special water.
Wait, listeners, listeners, get your shit together.
Listeners, get your, it does not have to be an alcoholic beverage unless you want it to be.
It doesn't have to be.
Just get, get the nearest beverage.
Hydrate, you stupid bitch.
Get something nearby.
Hydrate or didrate.
Simple as that.
This is your reminder to hydrate.
All right.
Hydrate along with Rama.
The floor is yours.
to 1,000 episodes of Orange Challenge Radio, to Rob, to Jamie, to Matt.
Here's to you, here's to me, the best of friends and podcasters we'll ever be.
If we should ever happen to disagree, well then, fuck you, and here's to me.
I have one too.
A classic.
Who's Like Us?
Damn few.
And they've all been canceled.
Which reminds me, Jamie, you should watch the... there's a surprise on the end credits that you might like.
End credits?
Mm-hmm.
There's something there that I kind of snuck in.
I know you leave early, but I kind of threw something in there.
Ranma decided to give us a little treat for a thousandth episode.
So stay tuned.
Um, let's see my toast.
I'm going to, I'm going to toast a pop tart, a bagel, a crumpet, a tortilla, a pop tart, a toast.
Okay.
To absent friends.
No, um, to the haters, to all of you out there who posted on the internet,
that this show was never gonna get as far as it did, that this show was so bad we had no right being on the internet, that this show was, uh, that, that we were so ill-informed on the industry we would never get past a certain episode that we don't know what the fuck we're ever talking about to all of the haters out there.
I drink your tears.
And aren't they delicious?
A little salty.
Thank you for that spite that's motivated us for 1,000 episodes.
Your tears of stupidity are delicious.
I'm going to have another drink.
It's a shame.
I actually, I was drinking out of my salty survivor tears.
I'm going to make a sequel to that for us.
Loki, that just leaves you.
You want to do a toast?
No, I don't know the toast.
Okay.
All right.
Now I'm gonna let you go.
Thank you so much.
I appreciate you, friend.
And until next time.
All right.
Take care of yourselves and each other.
Good night, my friend.
All right.
All right, let's bring in somebody else.
Hello, you are on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
It's Brad from PodCulture.
Brad from PodCulture.
Oh my gosh.
Hello.
Hello.
How are you?
It's good to hear from you, my friend.
Hey, I just calling in to say congrats on 1000 episodes.
I'm not sure why my camera is not coming through.
I sent it up but oh well.
Well, welcome.
Welcome to the lovely world of fucking discord problems.
It happens.
That's all right.
Well, here's the button.
Oh.
Why is this so funny?
Oops, here's the button.
I think it's so funny.
Because Brad, you're the one that always gives us shit.
Whenever one of us goes, we're old, I'm old.
You're the first one to pop up and say shut the fuck up.
Basically, right.
And
podculture, I'm sorry, but you just you just exacerbated old man right there.
Oh, there's the button.
I am old.
No, it's great.
We love it.
We love it.
So now I just want to say congrats on 1000 episodes and
You know, I made a point in chat earlier, it's you guys have birth episodes, birth shows, and y'all were a huge influence on our show.
And we didn't even make it half that long.
but you but you know what you did you had a damn impressive run a damn impressive run so you know and you know I always I know sometimes you like to tease maybe maybe I'm gonna get the band back together someday if ABBA could do a new album after like 40 fucking years maybe just maybe we'll have to talk off camera because it will have to be something like what you've done post post pandemic
Mm hmm.
Well, Discord does make it possible.
But you do have to use the button.
I didn't get used to using the damn button.
All right, practice makes perfect.
All right, Brad, any other thoughts for us tonight?
Y'all have a good one.
All right.
Take care, my friend.
No, no, not a not one.
Just wanted to say congrats.
All right.
I appreciate you, friend.
Take care.
Have a good one.
See you later.
Bye.
Great to hear from our friend Brad as well.
All right, we have somebody else.
Who knew people wanted to call in tonight?
I know, right?
This is great.
I love it.
Hello.
You are on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is SSJ100 Matt.
It is great to hear from you SSJ100 Matt.
How are you?
Hello.
Um, to whatever do we owe this phone call tonight?
Oh, look.
You found the button!
Why are the wrong cameras showing up?
Oh, well, I don't know.
Because of reasons.
What's wrong?
All right.
Maybe I think I have to reorder people here for it to work.
All right.
We'll figure that out.
In the meantime, what what is on your mind, my friend?
Well, you know, like I like like everybody else, I'm coming to give you guys your flowers for for just a wonderful
Milestone of hitting a thousand episodes.
Does giving us our flowers involve singing the Miss America theme song while we walk the stage?
Oh, no, I am.
I am no performer.
You that's that's all.
That's all you.
OK, I am no performer, but no, just the show, you know, it's just been.
So special to all of us, all of us listeners that, you know, like and I think like some of the
One of the great things about the show is that, you know, the community that we've kind of fostered over the these many, many years.
And just want to thank you all for that, for that.
And just all the.
All the just all the great vibes you've kind of given us over the years and.
And like, I've geez, I don't even know how long I've you know what?
I'm wearing this shirt.
Oh my God, for the podcast folks, it is an original, an OG DDR Freak t-shirt from DDR Freak.
That's one of these secondary DDR Freak shirts.
Still.
You're probably right.
Yes.
The old one was the person on the dance pad silhouette.
OK, but still the fact that it hasn't broken up after being washed is after all this time is impressive as fuck.
That's amazing.
I don't even have one of those anymore.
Yeah.
So like I had like a bunch of these that like I've just like
I think this is like my last remaining one that I had like in storage like during a move but um yes this shirt this shirt is a relic like all of us and we all belong in a museum oh man I remember being a moderator over there and just some of the flying times we had as mods yes yes but um but no just um I am a loss for words no just um
Again, just thank you all for just having just this creating this great show and doing all you do to keep it going for just this long.
And it's bringing us joy every single week.
Well, thank you all for being an audience to and on behalf, you're just representing our listenership right now.
Thank you all for being an outlet and being willing to listen to it, for God's sake.
And, you know, just participating along with it, helping us drive
this silly bus into Tangentville over and over again and the things you know obviously there's the bits and subs and all of that is very lovely the clips and I know you specifically Matt make clips which is great great way to promote streams and all that just just showing that love right back is just so so meaningful and just really appreciate is just the fuel of literally a thousand fires so yes appreciate it
and um you know it's like we've all be just become friends over the years and that's been great and just like meeting in person someday someday i'll get out there someday i'll get out to dragon con but until then we have each other we have the chat room we have the discord we have the show and there'll be some gay old musical i gotta come see you new york at some point so i'm always uh oh wait but you're you're you relocated right you're not actually there anymore right yeah but it's
Mutsubo Soup
I will say though, some cities I am coming to visit soon.
I'm going to be in Chicago at the end of May.
I'm going to be in Atlanta for DragonCon, of course.
That's a must.
And I will be in... So here's the interesting thing.
While both of my co-hosts are at TwitchCon, I will be in Seattle.
So...
That's the way it works sometimes.
This is the Rob Roberts tour.
Yeah, my little tour.
That's right.
And look for me on the street corner, twerking against the pole.
Yep, that's right.
All right.
Matt, thank you so much for calling in for the kudos.
We appreciate it.
It's so great to see you.
Thank you.
Thank you all.
Take care.
All right.
Take care, Matt.
Bye.
Have a good one.
All right.
A lovely to hear from everybody tonight.
We appreciate that.
That's it for calls in the green room.
I will say, of course, you can always join our discord throughout the week.
Say hello.
We appreciate it.
vognetwork.com slash discord is the place to go.
With that, let me also just check in one more time.
Any other last minute stories we didn't get to yet?
Nope.
Welp.
then with that, I think we close up our 1000th episode.
But can you believe it?
I know I I kind of it's weird.
I can and I can't.
Like it's one of those things where it's like it's just like I don't remember the other 999 episodes.
So it feels so surreal in some ways.
But at the same time, it's also like
this show and this community and everything has been here like so long that I do, I'm like, okay, yeah, this is like, this is that we made it to that checkpoint.
I guess to use a gaming reference, we made it to that checkpoint.
And now we're on to the next lap, you know, and
The race is not going to go on forever and I think we need to accept and understand that, but we can use this opportunity for a thousand episodes to kind of go, damn, this has really been an incredible run and it's really because of
Thank you for watching!
Orange Lodge Radio
We'll go around to get the final thoughts before we are back in seven days.
Yes, we are to do episode number 1001.
thank you for girl thank you for a great turnout tonight we do this every week y'all know but no I appreciate I appreciate those that made the space this week I really really do thank you all and yes that is a promise and a threat we will be back next week for episode number 1001 until then let's get to our last minute thoughts or
You know what I mean.
Look, four digits.
It's like Y2K.
Some things are going to malfunction.
The Y2K virus has made the odometer in my brain malfunction and I'm combining words, melting down.
Let's go to final thoughts.
DarkSakura, your final thoughts tonight.
I'll go there.
Reject false icons.
Thank you.
Have a great stream.
We'll still see you in a little bit.
All right.
Yep.
Come hang out with me.
All right.
Bye!
Uh, Loki, that means we'll go to you.
What is your final thought tonight?
I don't know, go subscribe to my YouTube channel, I guess.
LokiOLR.
Uh, and then my final thought tonight is thank you so much for the generosity from the live folks.
I really appreciate the hype tray we had earlier and all that, and I see more bits coming in now.
Thank you so much.
It really, it really does mean the world.
It's, it's, it's nice to know that someone gives a shit.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
