Nintendo's enforcement of its properties tends to come in waves.
Viral fan Project Darlings are shut down quickly, but others that exist below the radar tend to grow until getting caught in a sweep of types of major offenders.
It's my hypothesis that Nintendo properties being taken down from Garry's Mod is part of these sweeps, either because of the big-end success in Hollywood, generative AI's growth, or both.
Unlicensed constructible elements are seeing the axe.
This is the Litigation Headline, now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about this story and the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are live once again tonight with our 1000th and second episode
for tonight, April the 28th of 2004.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'm here every week with you all for 1000 plus weeks with my co host say hello to DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello, governor.
Hello.
How are you doing?
Yeah.
All right.
Just you know, it's been a day.
Kind of a tiring day.
Yeah.
It's been a day.
I hear you.
I feel very, I was out in the sun today and that can be a very dehydrating experience.
I was playing games IRL.
I got together with some of my friends from the game Ingress and we were up to no good getting points for our team.
It's actually a lot of good, but you know, it's, it's, it's work.
It's hard work playing games.
IRL is hard work.
Let me tell you, but I guess exercise, et cetera.
It's all good.
Right.
We'll say hello to somebody else who maybe has gotten some exercise in if he ever dusts off that machine in his garage.
It's Tech Master Loki.
It's not just us anymore.
It's also things being stored on top of it.
Oh, it's gotten to that point.
It's just, it's just, it's just Legos sitting there.
Legos?
Well, it's because I had to... By the way, for those that don't know, I'm talking about Loki has a Dance Dance Revolution machine in his garage.
I do.
I do.
And I do want to use it.
I just have to...
do one of those like bulky trash pickups or whatever because we have a bunch of stuff in the garage that needs to be like thrown out and then the stuff can come off of the dance pads.
It's not a lot.
It's just like a couple things of a couple containers of Legos that I've had to move around stuff from like back, you know, pre pandemic when I had to move stuff from my desk, which had a ton of Legos there.
Yeah.
Use that annual trash pickup.
That was a godsend when we were moving to come pick up all the crap we were purging.
My goodness.
Yeah, the thing with that is like they always ask you for the account number and I'm one that like after I pay bills, I throw them away.
And so it's like, you know, oh, hey, I need to do the bulky trash pickup.
Oh, I threw that bill away.
Now I got to wait another two months for the bill to come.
You know, and then the process just repeats itself.
You know, I'll pay it, and then I'll realize, oh yeah, I was gonna do that.
Oh, that's right, I threw it away again.
Pay it online.
Then you get the account number online whenever you need it.
I don't, I tried that once, actually, and I couldn't.
Are you still writing checks in the year 2024?
No.
No, I paid them through my bank, but like, it's just, they send the checks to them.
I don't, no, I'm not writing checks.
God, what?
I'm not that old.
You still they still want you to send in a check and it's like older services.
Alan, Alan just got a new checkbook and he was showing me he's like, look, they all have little cats on them because of course he got the checkbook where all the cats are printed on the checks.
And I was like, I still have to pay for ballet by check.
I was like, what the fuck do you need a checkbook for?
But there's there's that very random occasional one or two things that yeah.
You can still do that through your bank and it doesn't cost anything.
They have like a bill pay option that you do that and they cut checks them or if they have like, you know, like say Comcast or something like that, they have it set up where it's electronic because they have them in their system or something.
But for everybody else, you can
DarkSakura, VOG Network, DJ Ranma
You told us, but we can't tell you.
It's like, thanks.
You're not helpful.
So and then like I never made online accounts with all these different utilities.
As far as I remember, I may have like when I moved in here back in 2009.
Like, I'm not going to remember that stuff.
So.
All right.
That's why you got to keep spreadsheets with all of your stuff on it.
I mean, that don't you don't do that.
Yeah.
No, I don't even have that.
No.
That's very... I don't know.
I keep spreadsheets for so many things.
Spreadsheets with all your personal information and account numbers sounds like a perfect thing for a hacker to do.
Not when you also have it encrypted.
Not when it's behind one of those laser beam security things like in the movie Entrapment with Catherine Zeta-Jones.
That's the type of security.
And a very ferocious Minna the Cat stands between you and that.
I'm also a very big fan of encryption.
Alright, our chatters are dying to weigh in on this, because of course we do tape live every Sunday night at nine o'clock Eastern, six o'clock Pacific.
The Voice of Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash VOG Network, that's V-O-G Network, also available at vognetwork.com.
And y'all can chime in with your thoughts, saying Bobby Blackwolf talking about Loki's DDR machine and the Legos saying, the good news is that if there's stuff on top of it, there's no dust on it.
Good point.
Yeah, well, I did check it like I have used it since then and I think it was a few months ago I powered it on just to make sure it was still working Yeah, I mean it doesn't get super dusty in our garage because we don't I don't ever open the garage door at all So it's just whatever is inside the garage Yeah, it's not it's not like covered in dust anything it's just sitting there waiting
As Stuart Hunter Matt says, not a drying rack.
Done that with a DDR machine before.
Ha ha ha.
No, we have our own drying rack.
Proper use for the bars.
That's for sure.
Let's see.
And then folks are talking about paper checks.
Bobby is saying, I usually pay contractors with checks because then they don't charge me the 3% credit card fee.
Well, that makes sense if they're going to charge a fee.
But a lot of times they'll still take debit card and not charge the fee.
It depends.
It depends on what it is.
Really depends on what it is.
Let's see, and Questbuster says, I was not expecting an Entrapment movie reference.
I'm going to make more obscure movie references more often.
Although I don't think I would consider that movie particularly obscure.
I get that it's old.
And let's see, Tigerclaw had asked earlier, anyone watch the Knuckles series this weekend?
If you have Paramount+, it was really good.
I know Tigerclaw is a supremo top tier Sonic fan.
I have Paramount Plus, but I just, I was, we were hosting, I had, I hosted a show last night here locally.
So took up a good chunk of my weekend.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
It just really struck me funny.
If you have Paramount Plus, it's really good.
Is it still good if you don't have Paramount Plus?
Yes, because you can pirate it.
Which is what I'm sure a lot of people are doing.
I didn't care that much.
Yeah, I'm not opposed to watching it.
I just didn't get around like I watch very little TV and I just didn't get around to it this weekend with the other stuff going on.
Have you gotten around to watching any of the Sonic movies?
No.
Okay, well then yeah, there's no reason to watch Knuckles right now.
I need to catch up.
You're too far behind.
I'm not opposed.
Again, I just you know, I just video video games are my media of choice usually unless I'm stuck on an airplane and can't do anything else but watch a damn movie then
Thank you for watching!
Children, you're appearing in the green screen in the background.
Please stop.
All right.
You need to make them wear green shirts on Sunday nights.
Green shirts.
Yeah, that'd be funny.
So they just look like a head.
And then when someone asks, Hey, is that ghost behind you?
Yeah, probably.
Bobby Blackwolf says, has Paramount Plus not cracked down on password sharing like everyone else?
They probably have, but here's the thing.
Loki would get through the series before I would have a need to use Paramount Plus again.
When's Drag Race All Stars 9 starts?
Maybe, but I don't even really watch Drag Race anymore.
I watched maybe one episode of this last season.
I just binged all the way through All Stars 8.
Or 7, sorry.
8 isn't on Apple TV yet.
Do they release all the episodes at once?
Or is it just one of the... Oh, Knuckles?
I think Knuckles was, yes.
But not every show is released all at once.
I'll watch it eventually.
I'm not super into the lore stuff.
I usually just watch it because the movies are pretty good.
I like Jim Carrey.
I'm sure he's not in the Knuckles series, so... I'll watch the third movie.
I mean, I don't know.
I did notice the guy from Happy Endings, Adam Pally, who I think is my favorite gay representation character ever in a show.
If you ever saw the show Happy Endings, he played the gay guy in that show, which I think is the best representation because I really felt myself in that because he was not like Will and Jack, okay?
He was like...
Nerdy, slobby, like all this, like just like a, but, but just was gay.
So I was like, you mean like everybody?
That's right.
That's right.
He was a normal person, but gay.
So that was my favorite representation, honestly.
He's in that series I saw in one of the previews.
So I was like, Oh, I'm a fan of him.
He's pretty funny.
So yeah.
All right.
Let's see.
Moving on, let's get into tonight's kickoff topic, which isn't about TV shows, but it is about some rumors that are getting louder and louder about Nintendo's next Switch.
Loki, let's talk about this and why this might have some credit to it.
Yeah, so then there's a lot of rumors talking about leaks regarding what the switch it to some of the features might be.
I think these were coming from third party accessory makers.
But essentially saying it is coming from hardware, just makers basically.
Hardware Makers.
Okay.
So essentially, there, you know, apparently there's been reports that you know, there's going to be an eight inch 1080p screen developed for it.
One of the other more interesting things is the differences in the joy cons apparently going to be a little bit larger than the previous joy cons.
However, supposed to be still backwards compatible with the old joy cons, but also that they're going to attach magnetically to the system, which
sounds like a recipe for disaster if you ask me because can you imagine holding holding the switch with magnets and then oh this screen just fell out from inside you know like it it just doesn't i'm just gonna store these joy cons on top of my credit card like it just i i like the idea of attaching easier because yeah the the way it slides in is very um tricky sometimes
However, some of that magnet stuff is pretty powerful though, I gotta say.
Yeah, you can get some pretty strong magnets.
It's just... I... That's... It's like...
It's got me worried a little bit.
What else?
There was also rumors that apparently the cartridge, it's going to be backwards compatible with the Switch cartridges, but the Switch 2 cartridges themselves are going to be a different format, but still, I guess, slot into the cartridge slots that they have for that.
Interesting.
And yeah, so...
It'll be interesting to see, you know, what exactly, if any of this is actually true, for one.
I can see a 1080p, because that's not a huge upgrade.
Do you know why I think this is absolutely 100% true?
You know what I think it is?
It is because the upgrades are really not that much.
That's why I'm like, oh, this is the most like conservative sort of report on the upgrades on the switch.
This is it.
This is this is the real deal.
Yeah.
Because like what it sounds like to me is like when they talk about like 1080p output and stuff like that, it's it's essentially you're going to have the games because, you know, they have like the handheld mode and then they have the
Kind of docked mode so essentially on the switch to your switch games are kind of kind of play in that docked mode type of setting where the you know the graphics are be slightly higher, you know 1080p type of thing and The screen size being like I think what an inch larger.
I mean, that's cool.
I like the larger screen idea I'm just curious to see what they do with it You know see see what makes this special I guess yeah, what kind of games they got
or maybe if the magnet thing is kind of a gimmick as well.
Like I still feel like there's probably some sort of physical gimmick that maybe this particular hardware manufacturer is not in on, but there's something maybe either in it, you know, or you know, how like the joy cons had the whole like haptic feedback in it.
So it could feel like you were shaking a jar of marbles or something.
And you would feel that in the controller.
You know, I, there's gotta be some type of gimmick like that, I would imagine, but
Yeah, I don't think like yeah, honestly, I don't think like the magnets are gonna be like a gameplay type thing It's more probably just it's just a way to make the switch joy cons attach easier to the console Yeah, instead of you know having to slide it in there I mean more more so I would be more concerned with it was less attaching the joy cons to the console was more attaching those wrists
DarkSakura, VOG Network, DJ Ranma
And so yeah, if you get really mad, start shaking it or something, it could could be interesting, but I'm sure there's got to be.
They put those things through tests.
There's got to be.
They were smart enough to make the Switch cartridges taste funny so that kids wouldn't eat them.
They're going to put them through some type of test.
I mean, I guess.
Then again, I don't know.
Let's see some comments in chat.
SSJ100 Matt says two switches strapped together via magnets.
I don't even think this thing is going to be as powerful as two switches.
You're giving you're giving Nintendo a lot of credit to be quite honest.
Let's see Tiger Claw says, I'm sorry.
It was DarkSakura who said, I'm just ready for the announcement of the announcement trailer for this thing.
Let me give you my money Nintendo.
yeah well that's the other well weren't they saying that like there it actually may be a thing for this year which was kind of shocking uh i don't think so because i don't think it's going to be i just had thought last week on the show well the gamescom announcement pretty much confirms it's not going to happen this year but i think it was a part of this announcement that was saying they're still trying to decide if they want to do later this year early next year like no it's going to be fiscal year this fiscal year yeah we know that i
They would be announcing games around August.
So assuming that if they were going to launch this year, you would have your announcement at least like one or two months in advance.
So like, say August, Perfect Games comm time launch around October, November would be ideal.
I don't think they're going to launch this year.
I think they're going to do what they did with the Switch, which is they're going to wait to launch in March, announce in January, February, and
DarkSakura
Steve
was not just having, you know, some decent games at launch.
And I would say Breath of the Wild was beyond decent.
It was, you know, incredible, but, you know, not just having that, but then having the other games stacked in the pipeline ready to go.
And that was the biggest mistake they made with the Wii U. They didn't have that same pipeline ready with the Wii U and look what happened.
Nintendo
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
You know, even that would count as something that could still keep that hardware moving.
So yeah, I mean, Mike Duff says Metroid Prime 4 launch title.
I I could see that as a good launch title.
I just don't think that would be enough.
I don't think that's going to get people to buy the console.
I actually agree.
I actually don't think it's a good launch title.
And I know that's me, me, me saying that.
And I you all know, I stand like Super Metroid in that franchise, but I'm not sure it is quite
The most accessible title for the entire family.
That is a good launch window title.
So, you know, maybe like let's say the Switch does launch in October, then maybe Metroid Prime 4 comes out in December or it's the March game.
That's the game that comes out in March to, you know, kind of cap off the year, I think would be a great thing.
But I think
I, I, doesn't it seem kind of obvious it's going to be some sort of Mario game?
Like, like a 3D Mario game?
I would think it's, I think, I would think a Mario Odyssey 2.
I would think a Mario Odyssey 2 as well.
I would think though, like, Prime 4 would be a good holiday title for that first year.
So you have the console come out in March, Prime 4 is your holiday title, or one of your holiday titles to come out, because I think that would be a pretty solid title.
It's just, it isn't, yeah, it is a more hardcore game for the console, and certainly there is the audience for that.
It's just that, you know, that audience isn't going to, say, overlap with people that play Animal Crossing, or, you know, that
Um...
You know, your casual Mario players or something like that.
They're going to want something that like, you know, parents and young kids all get to enjoy together.
And that's going to be a Mario type game.
Actually, that's the fucking launch title.
I'm sorry.
They are.
If they don't launch with Mario Kart 9 or Mario Kart 10, I guess it would be Mario Kart 10 at this point, because most most I think they've kind of written that the mobile game is Mario Kart 9.
So like Mario Kart X, that that has to be the launch title that and that would be the thing that would
What is the best fucking selling game on the Switch right now?
Like that Mario Kart 10 would be it.
Now, there's no reason they can't launch with that and Metroid Prime.
That could maybe happen.
I could see that.
That would be very, you know, like F-Zero and Pilotwings type of thing.
But then, you know, Mario World was really what everybody was buying for.
Yeah.
I mean, Bobby says, yeah, Mario Kart X or 10 would give me to buy a Switch 2 immediately.
Anything else, I'd wait.
I probably would pick one up right away.
I think we got a lot of use out of the Switch.
Yeah, I'd pick one up right away just for the fucking upgrades.
I'd pick one up right away assuming I am assuming here but if it is if it is verified that it will improve the you know frame rate and you know graphical quality even in some cases on some older games like Pokemon Legends, I'll pick one up immediately just for that.
and the most important thing in this day and age of 2024, Nintendo, that the library is transferable to the new system.
Because if it's not, that's ridiculous.
The rumor, I believe if you look, it does say something about digital backwards compatibility.
So let's
fucking hope so because I don't want to see them have to do the not virtual console but Nintendo switch online you know the retro things online I don't want to see them have to start that over all over again please no please God no upgrade what you've got with new systems or something I don't know how about GameCube already it's time it's time bring back virtual console man bring it back years let's get GameCube now
I honestly think you could make so much more money off virtual console than you could off the subscriptions.
Like, in reality, like, it's your $25 a year subscription is essentially three games from for the virtual console.
You're telling me that people that your average people, you couldn't get an average of three games sold per person that uses that system.
I I'm telling you, man, there's money that they're leaving on the table with that stuff.
Well, Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, but everyone wanted Netflix for games when we had virtual console.
Well, yeah, just like now, it took Target pulling Blu-rays and DVDs for people to say, Oh, man, I wish Target had Blu-rays and DVDs.
That's the that's the thing is, yeah, people wanted Netflix of games for, you know, their digital systems.
What
Nintendo is offering, maybe adding one or two titles every so often, is not Netflix.
Like, Netflix is thousands of titles!
And there's a huge catalog of games available for all of the Nintendo systems.
Nintendo is offering CNN+.
They're offering 2B at this point.
It's a pittance of what they could offer, and that's the problem right there.
It's just not worth it in a sense there.
So, okay, that didn't work.
We tried.
Let's go back to selling that stuff.
But then I know that they're so adverse to discounting stuff, but these old virtual console titles, just put them on sale every once in a while.
people like myself would like just eat that stuff up and create this huge catalog of stuff that we're just sitting on.
But it would still be like, Oh, yeah, cool.
I get all this stuff, you know, and you'd make so much more money than $25 a year, like so much more on top.
Let me sorry, I'm just getting to some other comments here, Logie.
Tigerclaw in chat says, Do you think the switch to will use physical media considering how some stores are doing away with it?
Oh, yeah.
Well, number one, the rumor is actually confirming it's going to be backwards compatible with the cartridges.
So I think from that regard, yes.
And I also just think I feel like Nintendo will be the last to drop physical and, you know, insert joke about how their tech lags behind.
But I think there's something also about it's not that the kids can't do digital, but I think there's something very, you know, like here's the cartridge or something about that that I don't know.
I feel like Nintendo is going to be the last to drop that.
Flash memory is getting cheaper and cheaper every day, so you can store a lot more on a lot smaller form factors.
I mean, they don't technically need to get away from that.
Pixelpacas in chat says, hey, 2B is good.
Just watched Death Becomes Her and Romeo and Michelle on it recently.
I didn't know Romeo and Michelle was on it.
Cute.
Let's see.
OrangeRight is talking about arcade archives because Bobby was saying, do you really want to pay $5 for Super Mario Brothers again?
But very interesting counterpoint from OrangeRight, who says, considering arcade archives versus Super Mario Brothers, because there is a difference.
I think you all know the arcade versus Super Mario Brothers.
is available in arcade archives on Switch.
Only the Switch, not PS5.
But Orange Rite reminds us that game is almost always in the top 20.
So a lot of people do seem to be buying it all over again.
Of course, you know, there are differences.
The versus is, of course, a lot harder.
But that is some interesting perspective on that, is that arcade archives
You know, we were just talking about that last week show.
There's hundreds of games in that series.
And that is that is the pay what you're going to play type of model.
Granted, there's a lot of obscure as fuck games in there.
That doesn't make them bad, though.
There's some really neat gems.
Yeah.
I mean, obviously, that takes some money to publish those and get those, you know, ported over and emulated and stuff like that.
So
I mean, it must be somewhat successful if they're doing so many of them like they wouldn't be doing like 100 some titles if they weren't selling like I just I have a hard time believing that they can't hold the phone here a minute hold the phone Narcissus says I did buy arcade archive Donkey Kong.
So depending on how the emulation is, I might buy them piecemeal again.
They put Donkey Kong on arcade archives.
I didn't know with with the pie factory and everything.
That's
I need to get that.
Do they have what's the other Nintendo a Popeye?
I would be so excited.
Licensing probably makes that a pain in the ass.
But if they have Popeye on what other Nintendo arcade arcade games are there?
My God, I didn't know Donkey Kong was in it.
I want to play the Pie Factory again.
Is Donkey Kong three in it, too?
Holy moly.
I need to look.
Wow.
All right.
Today I learned.
Yes, I'm dusting off my switch to play a game from 1984.
All right.
Let's move on and talk about the types of games that we have been playing this week, whether they are 40 year old games or not.
In a segment called How was your gaming week?
DarkSakura, we'll go to you.
How was your gaming week?
Um, a little frustrating to be honest.
Um, I did play some Dead by Daylight, of course.
I, uh, also played, um, uh, Dracula XX Nocturne in the Moonlight, which was the, uh, original name for, uh, Symphony of the Night.
I've been playing the Saturn version and made it to the Upside Down Castle and did some bosses and ran around and
Generally causing chaos in Alucard's dad's house.
You know, he doesn't like any of the house guests he's got over.
I also tried to play my lovely avatar game, but it's been set for, we're patching, try in a couple of hours, for about a week now.
And I want to tell everybody something, because instead of going onto the, well, I mean, you can go onto the forums and bitch about it, but file a fucking ticket.
That's how anyone in tech gets heat on any freaking type of thing.
You have to file a ticket.
Tickets go to a report, they compile numbers, and they work on them by order of report.
You don't file a ticket, it doesn't get the heat it needs to get.
So, on one of those very bored nights when I could not play around with my blue people, I played Islands of Insight.
The behavior puzzle MMO weird game.
It's weird.
But I got to like one of these little islands that had some of my favorite kinds of puzzles and I call it the sort of P.O.P.O.
Puzzle.
Because you have to get
There are four in a row of certain color things and you have to completely clear out the board.
So it's a matter of knowing which items to switch around.
And you can only switch around things that would lead to a row being deleted.
And so you have to look ahead and see how they're going to cascade and fall.
Those are my favorite puzzles.
There's also some really interesting spatial puzzles that I like, like where you see these rings, and most of them are gold, and then you'll have two that are sort of like a brass patina, you know, that kind of bluish-greenish color?
And you have to look through just the gold rings, so you have to stand in just the right angle to see through just the gold without looking through the brass.
And that was pretty cool.
And like, even some things, like, that don't seem like they're a puzzle at first end up being puzzles.
I mean, just everything has hidden puzzle after hidden puzzle and you have follow puzzles, you know, where you have to follow something to a certain perspective and all kinds of fun stuff.
It's a really neat game.
And I also played a game I'm going to be talking about later, like very soon later.
that predates something.
Stuff that does stuff.
Well, before we go to Loki, I want to follow up on this because a lot of people in chat have been talking about the arcade archives thing with Nintendo.
So I actually went to look up what are all of the games that Nintendo has put out on arcade archives or arcade archive games that are published by Nintendo?
There's a ton.
There's a ton of them.
By the way, the Arcade Archive series, 304 games in Arcade Archives, 108 also in Neo Geo, which I mean, that means like the Neo Geo library is like pretty much everything that's ever been on an arcade machine for Neo Geo is in this Arcade Archives, by the way.
But get this from Nintendo.
I'm going to read the entire list.
I had no idea all of these games were on it.
Ready?
Clue Clueland, Donkey Kong, Donkey Kong Jr., Donkey Kong 3, Excitebike, Golf, Ice Climber, Mario Bros., Pinball, Punch Out, Skyskipper, Soccer, Super Punch Out, Urban Champion, vs. Balloon Fight, vs. Baseball, vs. Mahjong, vs. Super Mario Bros., vs. Tennis, vs. Wrecking Crew.
Number one, I had no idea half of those games were even ever arcade things at one point.
I mean, I know Nintendo had their pay choice every day.
I had no idea half those games were even in them ever.
But that's I'm like, what?
Mind blown.
Popeye not on the list.
But again, I'm just assuming that's a more complex licensing sort of thing.
There you go.
Those are all the games.
That's like what?
3, 6, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 20 games by Nintendo in the arcade archives.
Wow.
I stand corrected.
They have come out slowly over the years from 2017 was versus Super Mario Brothers all the way through 2020 was some of the like Super Punch-Out was in 2020.
So, wow.
All right, shut me up.
Yeah, Bobby Blackwell says I didn't even know there was an arcade version of Nintendo pinball, right?
Neither did I. I never even knew that was in the the the pay choice cabinets.
How about that?
Nintendo pinball was pretty good.
All right, Loki, we can go to your gaming week.
Sorry, but very important information, vital information we needed to share.
It was important.
I basically play the same stuff as I played last week, so I've been playing through still a lot of Turbo Kid and just kind of progressing through that.
The game is really, really hard.
So it's one of those things I got to a boss now that's like,
just it seems very difficult to fight and so I may have to go like other places to get more power-ups because it's a metroidvania and you know that's how that works but I see a lot of parallels with this and obviously metroid you know the the sewer area that I'm in is very you know brinstar and stuff like that so it's um
I like it quite a bit.
It's a very well done game.
I cannot recommend it enough.
And then of course Minecraft.
I've been actually working on my build for my next episode.
I filmed the beginning of it already.
The build is done, essentially.
It's an arcade slash casino.
More casino than arcade, but you know, you can't really make arcade games compact in Minecraft.
That just doesn't work.
But I've got like a lot of like, I gotta put a DVR machine there, of course.
It's lots of lights and stuff.
I've been playing with the new shaders that are out for complimentary.
Essentially they have colored lighting in there which is like a brand new thing for like Minecraft shaders and stuff and with that though like I've been trying to simulate black light and stuff like that in there and we have a mod called Immersive Paintings which allows us to put in like
image files essentially into the game kind of like paintings and so without having to like go and create a custom map art and stuff like that that would take forever to do this is just kind of throw it in there and you can make some really large things so I've got it's coming along pretty good and then the last thing I was doing today was actually setting up the soundscape for it because I set up a bunch of jukeboxes with our custom music discs and stuff so you can put custom audio files on there so I have like
I tried doing arcade ambient sounds.
Arcade ambient sounds are too loud.
I mean, I don't think... I don't remember going to the arcades.
It's been a while, but you don't realize how loud arcades are with all the games kind of playing their music and sound effects all at the same time.
It's not...
great so i have to end up going with like kind of like a casino like ambient sound instead but i have like a fake video game thing and i've got some music that i
borrowed from StepMania for the DDR machine that's in the arcade as well.
And so all those together kind of sound really cool.
I tried to keep it so that the audio is contained within the area of the arcade.
So as you come up to it, you kind of hear like what it sounds like walking up to an arcade in a mall or something like that.
So it's going to be pretty cool.
Way too much detail put into a very small build that was meant to just kind of bridge the gap of time between releasing episodes because I'm still working on enormous
Theme Park Ride, which really should have been like so many episodes worth of content that, um, but I, I'm not operating like that.
I have to put it all out at once.
So it's just taking a very long time to do that.
Um, but yeah, they'll be coming out probably this week.
All right.
Cool.
Let's see, my gaming week.
You know, the usual, Final Fantasy XIV.
I still played a little Dead by Daylight.
Go me.
Just a little bit, not a lot.
And I think I snuck in Diablo IV as well.
But the game I probably spent the most amount of time on was continuing, because I talked about it just a little bit last week, Aiden Chronicle, which I had backed on Kickstarter.
I've been playing that, continuing through that.
I think I'm about 11 or 12 hours in at this point.
And so it's definitely, you know, everything I said last week about it's a PlayStation One RPG for better and for worse, kind of still all holds true.
One thing that got a little annoying, I don't know if I ran into a bug or what happened, but I got to this part of the game where like no
Monsters started spawning for some reason, like it just got to a point where there were no random encounters that ended up happening at some point.
And I don't know what the heck was happening.
So I feel like this game still has a lot of little bugs that need to be addressed.
And like, I get it.
It's a smaller team.
It's a Kickstarter project.
It's not like, you know, it's a different kind of thing.
But
I'm really getting annoyed this is a thing and this is the thing with games gaming in the year 2024 this is like every game now it's not unique to IUDM but it's just like this is also what I was hoping for as part of the like PlayStation 1 JRPG era is that there wouldn't be freaking patches having to address things that are broken with the game or
quality of life things they want to change later on like they did with Final Fantasy 15 or a variety of other games.
Like, I thought video game sales and success was really made or broken in the first week of sales.
I have never been more discouraged than I am now to not buy games the first week they come out because I feel like you're never going to actually play the finished product within the first week.
that you're better off waiting six months for them to do all the patches while all the real players are in there doing the testing.
And then you know, do the do the quality of life changes and things like that.
I again, I want to stress I understand this is a problem in the industry that is not unique to Aiden.
But it's just one of those things where I was just kind of sitting there going, should I have just waited six months before playing this?
I mean, what the fuck I've been waiting since like 2017 or whenever they started this Kickstarter, what would another six months have done?
And I think in a really, really weird way, I think that's what's been stopping me from playing Final Fantasy VII Rebirth.
And I actually, from what I understand, that game actually is pretty solid and probably doesn't need patches.
But I can't help but feel in the back of my mind like, I'm going to wait a few months and make sure I'm playing the actual like finished version of that game.
Bobbie says, apparently on PC, random encounters were tied to refresh rate.
So if you had a high refresh rate, you'd never get a random encounter.
Well, I'm on PS5, but yes.
Apparently, PS5 is only rendering at 1080p, is what I heard.
It's not even playing 4K.
Just why even like tie anything to refresh rate?
Like, have we not learned since Bethesda?
Like, literally, Fallout 4, you know, locked 60 FPS because all the physics are tied to the framerate.
QuestBuster in chat says, I feel really mixed on Ayudin so far, but I'm still willing to keep pushing.
Yeah, I mean, like, don't get me wrong.
There's a lot of things I like about it.
The story's kind of interesting.
Like I got to a point where, you know, and again, I want to be very aware of spoilers, but like, the game kind of pulled a Final Fantasy VIII.
And what I mean by that is that then all of a sudden, it flipped to these other characters.
that were like out of nowhere and new.
You know, like remember Final Fantasy VIII?
I was gonna say it was pretending to be a good game.
Oh, stop.
I would say it's a good game, but there are things that hold it back from being a great game.
But I would say, you remember when you were playing like the main story of Final Fantasy VIII and then all of a sudden you were like, what's Laguna?
Was that his name?
Laguna.
Yeah, you flipped over to that.
Like there was a moment of that.
And I was like, what?
or like starting Kingdom Hearts 2
Bobby Blackwolf says they may not have been able to afford great devs who have learned those lessons already.
Yeah, that's why I'm like, I'm like, not, I'm not trying to completely shit on the game.
And I'm also recognizing this is like, this is a problem with every game.
But it's something, you know, I see every time I'm playing one of these games, when they release, I'm sitting here going, look at me, the fool again.
I should know better, but I never do.
I never learn.
QuestBuster says, Aiden's sprites are so well done.
The artist really did a good job with them.
Yeah.
And a lot of the characters are interesting too.
Some of them are very tropey anime or JRPG, but some of them are kind of like, they're really interesting.
And yeah, there's definitely some characters I like having in my party more than others because there is different dialogue, additional dialogue that changes depending on who's in your party.
It's pretty neat.
My advice to all of you that are playing through the game, though, is that when certain big things happen in the story, don't forget to go back and revisit every single town you've been to before because you never know, somebody might be there new to recruit.
And that's, but to be fair, that is exactly what happened in Suikoden.
So
you know, I think there are lots of people that wanted to back a brand new PlayStation 1 Suikoden and congratulations that that is exactly what you got for better and for worse.
All right.
I do enjoy it overall, though.
It's just these little frustrations get very frustrating.
All right.
Um,
Let's get into some other news.
I don't have anything else to really talk about during my gaming week.
I think I already mentioned on last week's show, but I'll say it again.
We will not be here Memorial Day weekend, but you got some time to worry about that.
That's still about a month away.
So let's get to some news and what is going on in the industry, starting off with what was some disappointing news for some fans this week, Loki.
Yep.
Like those single player missions in Overwatch 2,
Blizzcon is cancelled this year.
It is not going to be happening but they said that they're going to be doing something a little bit different for World of Warcraft being that
You know, of course, they're going to have some anniversaries and whatnot for the 30th anniversary of Warcraft.
So there's going to be some in-person events for that as well.
Plus, you know, of course, they have the Vessel of Hatred expansion coming out later this year as well.
So probably do something along the lines with that.
But, yeah, they just don't have anything really new to announce, I guess.
So that's why they're not doing their event.
yeah i'm i'm mixed on this you know um i'm into a lot of the blizzard stuff again like obviously there were some dark years but i'm into diablo again wow the last wow expansion was one of the better ones in a really long time um and i feel like blizzard's kind of getting their footing again that being said i'm not incredibly surprised to hear this news because and i i really don't know how else to put this for blizzcon but
The vibes just aren't right this year.
And that's that's really what it is.
The vibes are off this year.
And I think that has to do with the layoffs is a huge part of that.
That's definitely a vibe killer.
Not that Blizzard has, you know, never had layoffs before and still, but I just think something is weird about that.
That whole Microsoft cloud and the question, not the not the Internet cloud, but like the cloud of uncertainty that hangs over the Microsoft merger, which ties into what I just talked about as well.
And then, you know, there's a brand new CEO, right?
They've had that transition as well.
And I think we know that Microsoft would probably encourage Blizzard to do BlizzCon because Blizzard has a strong community.
I don't see BlizzCon turning into a MicrosoftCon.
I think Microsoft is foolish to not subtly place their products under the Blizz crowd that might be
Final Fantasy XIV Fan Convention
why not show a little bit of that or some of the other things just you know again i'm not saying make it the focus of the key because i know there would be a lot of fans that would say stuff like because when they put call of duty into battle net oh did fans lose their fucking mind and i get you know i i get it because call of duty is not fucking adjacent to anything else blizzard does
But Microsoft might have some things like, dare I say something like Sea of Thieves, if they ever do another Dungeon Siege, that's pretty similar to Diablo.
You know, there are some games that are just, and I'm not, don't don't let them take up the air in the room.
but why not have them over just a little?
Here's another little row of tables you can visit that doesn't have as long of a line where we're pitching a few other things you might be into.
Like Microsoft, I think, would be foolish to not take that opportunity even if there was a BlizzCon.
Don't take up all the air of the Blizzard stuff, but have a little, you know, aside, a little, you know, food truck sponsored by Microsoft product or whatever that whole thing is, you know, going on.
So I'm a little surprised, but I'm also just like, you know what?
It does seem like the vibes are off, but I'd be very curious to see what they end up doing next year.
I have a feeling, and I'm really tinfoil hatting here, I have a feeling now that Microsoft is back in control, I think we will get an announcement maybe next year, and this will be worth having a blizzcon for, that there's going to be an Overwatch 3.
And I think, I mean, and I kind of feel like that should be obvious news, right?
You know, Overwatch, they're going to keep trying to make that happen.
Here's what I think is going to happen with Overwatch 3.
They're gonna revert a lot of shit back to Overwatch 1, is what's gonna happen in Overwatch 3.
Not everything, but I think there's gonna be some things that irritate people with Overwatch 2.
I think there is some Activision influence there, and I think some of it's gonna subtly shift back to what you liked in Overwatch 1, and Overwatch 3 will hopefully be
the game.
I know I might be I might be daydreaming a little bit, but they'll call it Overwatch 1 O.N.E.
No, just taking a page out of the Xbox One.
No, it'll be Overwatch 3, but fans will know.
There will be winks and nods.
All they have to do is say it's going back to 6v6 and fans will absolutely know what it is.
We're going back to two tanks.
They'll know.
We'll see.
Alright.
Yeah, we'll see.
I know it's a long shot, but I feel like that's the type of thing that would make- I don't know.
In this climate of the video game industry nowadays, it's like hard for me to like think, yeah, they're gonna do the right thing.
It's like, no, they're gonna do the profitable thing.
Yeah.
sj100mat says no problem having daddy microsoft pay the bill for blizzcon while showing off a few games running via game pass on some xboxes yeah sj100mat also says they got to be careful with overwatch 3 they can't mess it up out the gate like they did with 2 they can't make overwatch 1.75 fans won't stand for it oh i know and i think i think
You know, if there was any CEO out there going, gamers are stupid, they'll buy this bullshit, was Bobby Kotick.
He's no longer in the picture.
And I think that there will be a better understanding when it comes to... I mean, yeah, is it wishful thinking on my part?
Maybe a little bit.
But I just feel like if now is the time to fix what the fan issues were with that game, and I think the biggest thing they could do for Overwatch 3
I don't know how this happens with all the layoffs that just happened, but maybe if Microsoft is willing to allocate some resources, it could.
Is that Overwatch 3 is demoed with a PvE mode.
And like, here it is, it's in the game.
Done.
And by the way, we're going back to 6v6.
I think they'd get people super hyped for the game.
That was the case.
And yes, I realize Overwatch 2 does have a PvE mode.
We all know it's fucking buried under you know, it's it's a paywall.
And it's, it's not at all what we wanted it to be.
Wasn't that the EA Sports logo?
It's in the game.
It's in the game.
Yeah, yeah, it was at one point.
All right, moving on.
Let's talk about this story which is a little bit, I don't know, it's kind of a bummer but also not surprising.
And that is a comment from the ESA this week.
There was a hearing that happened recently on the topic of game preservation.
and lawyer Steve England on behalf of the Electronic Software Association, the ESA, the group that used to put on E3 until they failed at being able to do so anymore and they were mismanaged for several years, allegedly.
My perspective is that they were mismanaged for several years and they no longer are able to do E3, but they are still out there advocating
for the industry and this is how they're choosing to do it.
So lawyer Steve England was asked about online libraries being allowed to preserve vintage games.
So an online library preserving a vintage game.
Steve England replied, there's no combination of limitations ESA members would support to provide remote access.
In fact, physical building and I'm summarizing here, physical buildings, housing collections of vintage games aren't the answer either.
Online archives with few restrictions would be insufficient progress when it comes to properly preserving video game history.
But there were other speakers that made it clear something has to be done to make sure game preservation can continue no matter what the ESA members and right holders are trying to get out here.
Otherwise, gaming history could be lost forever.
We all know that, that there's all these elements of gaming history, especially as games are harder to find, disappear, go offline, da-da-da.
Kendra Albert, a technology lawyer at the same panel, said that the ESA basically has been unwilling to work with preservationists, that proposals are never enough to pacify rights holders of the games in question.
Phil Salvador, the Video Game History Foundation Library Director, argued that public libraries lack the resources or knowledge to create and curate meaningful collections of video games.
For reference,
Library of Congress once attempted to do a framework for game preservation and the ESA stopped this and stated this work is best done by publishers.
Really, ESA?
Where?
Where?
Yeah, that's it.
Was it?
Is that just like how, oh, we shouldn't be regulated in the sense of, you know, our rating system?
No, we'll we'll do that ourselves.
Is that why the Video Game History Foundation discovered that 87% of games released before 2010 are endangered and probably going to be lost?
So just I...
Yeah, the ESA, definitely not advocating for the consumer, but that's not really who they're for.
They are for the industry, but I think they're swinging the pendulum a little too hard on this.
I don't think they're doing themselves any favors.
We already know the ESA has, you know, I'm also, I'm still sitting here going, what is the ESA good for at this point?
If I'm one of these publishers, and this is what they choose to lobby?
I think there's a, I mean, and I'm sure there are some game publishers out there very happy with the ESA stance on this.
I get it from that money making dollar sign perspective.
But at the same time, like if a game is not available through any legal means, I'm sorry, it is ethically okay to pirate that game at that point.
Because if, if you're not selling it,
How am I supposed to be able to get this, you know, experience this game?
Even if that could be for research, for studying for future game development, for all these types of purposes beyond just playing it for fun.
These games should be accessible as things to learn from.
I wouldn't even say necessarily it being accessible publicly.
I would say is if my pirating a game
Thank you
It's not hurting anything.
It's not like they're selling that game on the Switch Store or something like that.
And that's the thing.
I feel a lot of times they try to push this argument with a lot of things that they're losing money.
First off, don't care if you're losing money because you're making billions of dollars doing all sorts of predatory sales stuff anyways.
But they've tried to make that argument with used games.
They've tried to make that argument with rentals.
They've tried to make that argument with
So many things and like frankly it doesn't seem to really matter because it to them it's just we're just not making enough money because our shareholders are pressuring us to make more money for them and it's never going to be feasible so they try to like pick up whatever pennies they can in this case if they're stopping video game preservation so they can get you to buy the sequel or get you to buy the re-release or the remaster or whatever the case may be.
Boy, oh boy.
Again, I'm looking at the ESA website right now, by the way, and on the ESA website, I was curious, like, well, what things have this, and y'all know I've made this point before, in their own words, what things have the ESA done recently for the industry?
And there are two articles from the entire year 2024 so far.
There are two articles.
Let's hear.
One of them is a report, U.S.
consumer video game spending totaled $57.2 billion in 2023.
They didn't do that.
That's an article.
The following statement on the nomination of Deborah Robinson to service the U.S.
Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordinator.
Oh, thanks.
That's interesting.
and it gets into the top grossing games.
Again, I'm not sure what the ESA had to do with any of this, but OK.
And then there's this from January, the Entertainment Software Association statement of support for the appointment of Sharon Israel, who is the now the chief policy officer and director for international affairs at the U.S.
Patent and Trademark Office.
Oh, thank God there's someone at the Patent Office to think about those video games.
I was worried there for a second that we might not have, you know, even more
Patent exploitation by corporations.
Those are the two things that the ESA has done this year in their own words.
So they haven't done anything.
That's like LinkedIn news articles that they put out.
Like, come on, like it's it's garbage.
It's garbage.
Let's see.
SSU 100 Matt in chat says ESA is wearing Zubaz pants, drinking new Coke, giving us the thumbs up while we buy Super Mario Brothers 3 for the 15th time on a new system.
You know what?
At least Super Mario Brothers 3 is available.
I'll I'll say that much.
And Bobby Blackwolf says arcade archives.
Yes.
A great example of arcade preservation.
Yes.
Hats off to SNK.
That Neo Geo stuff is preserved.
If Gauntlet Legends ever came out on Archaic Archives, day one.
Absolutely.
Well, some folks are pointing out, well, I think there's certain illegal means to get it, but there's also the Dreamcast version.
I mean, hello, hello.
Look at who you're talking to here.
Like, I know, like, I'm 100% aware of what I need to do.
But like, I'm just saying, like, to be educated.
Okay.
I do not need to be educated.
No, I'm just saying that, like,
You know, like, even going back to Steam, like, I'd rather purchase it through legal means.
It's just, you know, give me those legal means to do that, like, for sure.
All right.
Bobby Blackwell says we must chat-splain this to Loki.
Yes.
Go ahead.
I love- You're telling me there's software free on the internet and I don't have to pay for it?
You know, this is one of the few video game podcasts, not the only, but we're one of the few video game podcasts out there that can, where the host can be chat-splained to by their listeners.
I actually kind of enjoy it though.
Sometimes they're right.
Not always, but sometimes they're right.
I mean, honestly, like, there is an area, like, for sure, there is an area, and I think Gauntlet Legends, for me, is kind of that, like, barrier, like, newer, modern arcade games, like, that is a little beyond my understanding right now of how to play on my computer type of thing.
You know, like, some of those that run on PC, like, actual PC hardware in the arcades, you know, more, like,
DarkSakura has something that's in a similar type of vein.
It is.
There basically has appeared this yellow Nintendo cartridge that was labeled NOACOPY-22387.
And what this is, is a prototype version of The Legend of Zelda, the US release.
So it's got a little bit, I think, related back to the Famicom Disk version.
And, you know, I played it.
At least I got through, like, the first level of it and didn't really see any differences.
But comparing the code side by side visually, there looks like there are some differences, at least back end.
I'm sorry, I don't read binary.
But one thing that they found, and for the record he put up the whole image up there, it's like you can contain the whole thing in one image and someone re-dumped it back to the ROM.
One bug that was observed in that is that when you exit a cave, Link remains under the ground for the last position of one frame before teleporting to the entrance.
I looked.
I mean, I think I was tired.
I didn't notice.
But, I mean, overall...
It was exactly the Legend of Zelda that I remembered playing.
So if they find more differences out there, then I would really like to see what they end up being.
I'm actually following this guy on Twitter.
It's Mr. Talida.
As a point, I'm trying not to spend any time on Twitter, but I don't know where else I can find this guy.
So I want to see if there are any other differences that come up from this.
Yeah, I love these prototype cartridges getting found and all this.
I think this is some of the most interesting stuff that's out there.
So yeah, I love to see the
Prototype
Yeah, it's really neat.
And I'll be honest, you know, it was kind of like, oh, yeah, Zelda.
And I was just sort of, you know, muscle-memorying my way through the game.
It was fun.
Just as easy the first time as I remember, you know, at least through the first level.
I had a great time.
It was a good incentive for me to touch the classic.
All right, well, let's move on and talk about that part of Nintendo that Loki loves to talk about, the legal department.
It's litigious news with Nintendo.
Yeah, so this week, you know, when they're not striking down, what was it last week?
I don't remember now.
Well, let's see.
They've gone after go-karting companies.
They've gone after
fan games.
This now is 3D model content that's been put into Garry's Mod by people, you know, because there's lots of user-generated content in Garry's Mod and people use that to do all sorts of crazy things, including make animations and whatnot.
But yes, Facepunch Studios has received a takedown notice to remove 20 years worth of Nintendo-related content from the game.
They updated their Steam page with saying, Some of you may have noticed certain Nintendo-related workshop items have recently been taken down.
This is not a mistake.
The takedowns came from Nintendo.
Honestly, this is fair enough.
This is Nintendo's content, and what they allow and don't allow is up to them.
They don't want you playing with that stuff in Gary's mod.
That's their decision.
We have to respect that and take down as much as we can.
And then they followed that up with,
If you want to help us by deleting your Nintendo-related uploads and never uploading them again, that would help us a lot.
Because I'm sure they don't want to be sued by Nintendo.
Which, to be fair, it's not really their... I mean, it's the users doing it.
It's not, you know, Facepunch Studios and say, hey, upload all your Nintendo content to us.
I mean, I'm sure that they have, like, clauses for, like, copyrighted works, but...
I don't know.
Now I'm off the roadblocks.
It's just interesting to me, like how old or how long this has been around.
And again, it's one of those things is just now coming to light.
But again, if you if you kind of believe what was said by that, you remember the the former head of legal Nintendo was interviewed by some blog or podcast or something a few weeks ago and actually said, like, when these things show up on my desk is when we kind of learn about them, you know, or that or how things were run at the time.
Maybe that person was at the Pokemon company.
I don't remember.
Yeah, but still, like, you know, you sort of get that sense that, wow, somebody, somebody, somebody narked on this stuff to Nintendo.
And now the, you know, cease and desist went out.
You know, people didn't even believe it was real at first.
They thought somebody was actually impersonating Nintendo.
That was the first.
That's why that comment actually says it is real.
It's from Nintendo because they had to sort of verify that it actually was from Nintendo.
So, yeah.
Um, here, look, I don't mean to dig up months old drama, but at the same time, sometimes I'm a little bit messy and I live for drama.
It is interesting to me because we're talking about models of Nintendo characters, right?
That are like in Gary's mod or think that models that are out to resemble Nintendo characters, right?
Yes.
Okay, how is POW World still operating?
Like, let's be real.
How did fucking Garry's Mod get the C&D before POW World?
Well, I think it's a sense that it's their IP that people are creating models of.
It would be different.
It would be like, well, I don't think we could draw the same comparison.
It's like, say Palworld made a really terrible version of Pikachu.
Like they just, they tried to really make Pikachu, but they're just not really good at modeling.
And so it didn't quite look like Pikachu.
But in Palworld, it does look like Pikachu.
Well, not, not that in Pokemon specifically.
Steve Lovett
And it's, you know, again, I'm not anti pal world or anything before people, you know, I played the game for a hot minute.
And I was like, All right, this is this isn't Pokemon.
That was my thing.
I was like, this is not Pokemon for adults.
And the video games, media bloggers blew that way the fuck out of control.
This is this is arc survival evolved with Pokemon in it.
That's what that game was.
But I, I'd like even I look at it and I go look,
These creatures in POW World are legally distinct Pokemon, and I'm not even sure they're legally distinct, to be quite honest.
They do look very much like... I traced that.
Like, it's... I don't know.
I don't know.
MusicalDaredevil in our chat over Twitch.tv slash VOG Network, thank you very much for the raid by the way, says, I also heard a lot of comparisons to Ark.
Yeah, it's, unfortunately that game ended up with headlines, it was like, oh yeah, it's Pokemon with guns, or it's Pokemon for adults, and it's like, neither of those things are true.
Pokemon is a turn-based battle game, it's a RPG mechanic rooted, that literally doesn't exist in PAL world.
not there.
It is a survival game.
It is a you know, and the the little pals, the legally distinct Pokemon question mark in that game simply they do tasks for you and you do collect them that is part of that in your interface that looks very similar to Zelda Breath of the Wild.
But somehow lays like it's almost like we're going to copy this from this game and copy this from this game.
Yeah.
Anyway,
Can we get like a 3D platforming POW World game then?
Careful what you, I just, again, if Nintendo lets it go by, there is going to be a POW World spinoff game that's an RPG, and then it's going to be too late, like, to stop that game from getting, because once it's on the internet, it's always on the internet.
All right.
Well, one thing I would like to see on the internet is a fully
playable game on release day.
But Aiden Chronicle, we talked a little bit about that earlier in the game.
It's been having some problems and it was released on the switch.
And it was a little rough when it came out.
There apparently well apparently the devs originally were saying we're not even sure we can put this on the switch, but they did pull it off.
But there were some glitches and bugs and those sorts of things including
a patch that just came out for the game that's right a day one patch version 1.0.3 that addresses progression issues because i believe there was a character and this was on all versions actually there was a character where you couldn't uh actually recruit them if they weren't in your party at a certain time it was weird um graphic display glitches game balance adjustments refinement of localized text updated backer content game system bug fixes
Overall optimizations, improved stability, and then there is a upcoming 1.04 patch that's coming.
Oh, this is the Lamb is the name of the ally that has somebody recruitable later in the story that apparently blocks a certain part of the game.
It's just basically a series of events goes a certain way, and it's irrecoverable.
Luckily, it's late in the game.
I definitely have no idea who that character is, and I'm about 12 hours in, but
still one of those things is just kind of annoying.
You know, I'm glad to see the patches are happening.
But again, should I just I just wait six months to play so I know I'm playing like, okay, they're really good.
Yeah, you can play turbo kit turbo kit instead.
Yeah, that game is awesome.
I honestly I'm gonna endorse that game.
I'm not paid by them.
Like I'm gonna endorse it because that game is awesome.
Like seriously, go play that game.
It's super cheap to like sub $20.
Dr. T in chat says I heard Shane had some issues with it.
So this one was for him.
Yeah, he was experiencing some of those issues.
But as far as I know, I mean, he can call in if he really wants to have a say.
I don't know if he's listening.
But as far as I know, he's he's relatively happy with the game.
But he in that camp of
I want another Suikoden on PlayStation 1.
He got what he asked for.
Like it's again for better and for worse.
So but if you're really a hardcore fan, that stuff ain't gonna bother you.
So fine.
All right.
Moving on and but I know he does have it on at least two different systems.
Just to be clear, because I think he backed it on PlayStation 5.
But he is playing it on Nintendo Switch.
So
Alright, let's move on.
DarkSakura, what do you have for us?
Well, for fans of Mega Man Legends, the second game's Japanese prologue is finally getting translated into English by a fan translation group called Hilltop Works, and they are working on this.
It's going to be interesting.
And if you are big fans of this series, of course, you might know of its Japanese name, Rockman Dash 2, Episode 2, Oninaru Isan.
But the English name for the version would be Mega Man Legends 2, Episode 1, Roll's Close Call.
And they are saying that it actually should already be live.
You can find that on Hilltop's, looks like their social media.
All right.
That's kind of, I'm surprised it kind of took this long for a fan translation, honestly, especially with how many fans there are of the Mega Man Legends series and how we're all sitting here feeling some sort of way that they never did do Mega Man Legend 3.
But, you know,
That's that's still really cool for fans of the series.
I love to see the the this kind of is along the lines of the prototype stuff where it's like, oh, this little secret from years ago gets unearthed.
But in this case, the secret is, oh, it's a part of the game.
They just didn't even bring over in the U.S.
version, like like the endings with Buster Groove, right?
We're kind of like that.
Bust a Move
Nope, I'm not rediscovering it because they broke it.
Of course.
Um, yeah, so Fallout 4, I was getting their next gen update for PlayStation 5, Xbox Series X and S, and then of course PC, I play on PC and it broke the PC version, at least if you're modding it, because, um, the mod loaders and stuff for it don't work with this version of the game.
Um,
The actual update itself is kind of minimal.
They've only patched 16 bugs in the game and updated some of the stability in it.
Also, there's the Xbox Series X and S quality mode, which you get a
and
Also, there was an issue with folks that had gotten the game through PlayStation Plus that you weren't able to download this update.
It wasn't working, so they're working on fixing that as well.
However, though, the good news is the folks behind the script extender, Ian Pat,
said that they are working on an update.
Unfortunately, they don't know how long it's going to take to create it.
They said, I'm working on an update.
I can't currently offer a timeline for its availability, nor whether there will be any critical technical issues that would block an update.
If not obvious already, this one's going to take much longer than normal.
Thanks, Bethesda, for breaking things.
I haven't heard yet what the new, like, there's supposed to be like a new questline stuff that's available in there as well, but
I dunno, I'd rather not have that and be able to play the game modded.
QuestBuster in our chat says, Fallout London, a huge and ambitious mod, was forced to delay their release because of the patch and are apparently not happy about it.
SJ100Matt says, just wait for the modders to fix Fallout 4 better than Bethesda will.
They already did.
Like, that's the thing, is Bethesda came in to try to fix it, like, for console players, I guess, to patch it, bring it up to PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series Specs, but, like, they can't be trusted to make a good game anymore.
It's just...
After Starfield, man, like I just don't trust them with any other games anymore.
Well, you know, after the TV show and everything, which has been received really well, apparently the number of concurrent users playing Fallout 4 like really took off.
Like there are a lot of people going back to the game because of the series.
Yeah.
Which is not surprising, but maybe the volume is a little surprising.
Yeah.
And there is a way to like
um basically unpatch the game to back to before this patch it's just a pain in the ass and i don't want to do it you just you just want a game that works is that so wrong i just want a game that works the way i want it i want it to break when i put too many mods into it like i don't want to break because bethesda's touched something on it like fifth dream does point out mods not in creation club are not officially supported so the game still works
I don't care.
because when you break all the mods, it's like, well, that was that was the game I enjoy, you know?
And, you know, I could see that.
Well, Blizzard, excuse me, not Blizzard, Bethesda doesn't have to support that stuff.
But it's also like but the fact that you can mod it so extensively is what makes the game appealing to buy for many people.
Like I know last week on the show, Loki, you were showing off the Silent Hill mod in the background, which even I thought was pretty cool.
And I'm not a big Fallout person, but I was like, oh, reskinning Silent Hill might be an interesting experience, right?
Yeah, I mean, so, I mean, I get it.
I get that they, the Creation Club is great for bringing mods to console.
I mean, that's, that's, I, you know, commend them for that.
However, they weren't doing it out of the kindness of their heart.
They were doing it to sell mods to people.
So, like, at the same time, like, you know, I don't really applaud them for that.
On top of that, like, once again, Starfield.
Let's look at Starfield.
Like, they have had so much time to
build a great game, and they're like, nah, we're gonna use our super old engine and still try to tack even more garbage onto it, and I'm sure that'll work, and it just, it completely was broken, and yeah, yeah, the modders will fix it, but once again, this is a game that they charged $70 for, and then some, and they want modders to fix their mistakes?
You fix your mistakes.
Fortnite Festival just started season 3!
Billy Eilish?
Yeah, one of the rumored leaked things.
William Eilash has actually landed.
Season three has started.
And so that's something available to you.
And there's some songs that go with it as well.
But guess what?
Some of the plastic rock band stuff is now available as well.
That's right.
Fortnite Festival now supports rock band 4 controllers.
on PlayStation, Xbox, and PC.
So if you have a Rock Band 4 plastic guitar, you can use it to play pro lead and pro bass tracks for any jam track.
And by the way, it actually also changes the lanes to have the colored notes like it had in Rock Band.
That is a neat little quality of life thing that I don't think was teased originally.
Also, hammer-on and pull-off notes, just like you saw in the original Rock Band and Guitar Hero, are also
available that is so they really they really went out of their way to make this game Rock Band 5 which I think is very interesting.
So um, I believe those third party controllers are showing up as well because I want to say somebody I knew got one, which is interesting.
Um, by the way, on a weird related note about Fortnite, Epic added a setting that allows players to hide certain emotes that people use for trolling.
So sometimes when people get eliminated, a player could then do an emote that's like take the loss, which is like doing the L on the forehead, like LOL, you know, loser or whatever, LOL, and does a little dance when they do it.
Now, if you have that setting, you won't see it.
Ragequit
Fifth Dream says, do they charge for songs?
Yes, they do.
And it is not cheap, unfortunately.
But what they do is they have a rotating library of free songs.
And at four o'clock Pacific, I think is still the time.
I don't know if that changed to five with the time zone change, but it it rotates every day Fifth Dream, the selection of free tracks.
So if you kind of visit once a day, you have 10 or so tracks that you can pick from.
Alright, moving on.
Let's get to a segment from a time from before even rock band.
Let's roll the bumper.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time, where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the Classic Game of the Week.
And DarkSakura, what did you pick for the Classic Game this week?
I picked Scud Race.
Ever hear of it?
Uh, I think so, actually.
So, Scud Race is an arcade racing game done by Sega, was released in 1996.
And for the record, I think I heard about it from you.
Okay.
I lost my train of thought.
It's the first racing game that was released on the Sega Model 3 hardware and it never did come out on Saturn.
There was a Dreamcast port announced and there was a tech demo for it on Dreamcast but it didn't come out which is sad face.
Scud Race had two arcade cabinets.
One was the twin or the deluxe cabinet that you could link up for up to eight players.
It was modeled after the BPR Global GT series that featured four different cards that were used in the 1996 season.
It had different courses of different difficulty, from beginner, with a daytime and nighttime, all the way up through an expert one, and you could put the game into Grand Prix or Endurance mode for longer races.
And there's also a thought that the demo of this that came out on Dreamcast turned into the Sega GT series.
So, um, the, uh, four Scud Race tracks are actually unlockable on the Xbox version of OutRun 2, uh, rearranged as a whole OutRun route instead of just the individual laps.
Um, so, uh, at any rate, um,
The opponent's cars, though, except for the ones that you can select on the main screen, are all Renault Alpine GTA A610s.
And so, moving into a little bit of the development, they really wanted an Etona sequel.
The director, Nagoshi Toshihiro, he was like, he had the same team,
They thought they were working on the Daytona sequel, but it ended up having a different look and went in a different direction.
They had an arcade test game called Supercar, and that turned into Scud Race, aka Super GT, as we had it in the U.S.
Notable similarities is that, you know, they all had, like, similar HUD, and
the way that it handled in general, but that there was a drifting acceleration added in, so your drifting was a little bit different in the game.
And Yu Suzuki, who we know as the head of AM2, also had advice to give, so he's contributed to the game a little bit too, and the cabinet design was a Sega AM4.
So they originally planned for this to be the first Model 3 game, but Virtua Fighter 3 came out before it.
But this was the first racing game put out on there.
And to make sure that they had the cars accurately done in game, the development team got to race the four cars that were used in the game.
So this was debuted on January 21st, 1987 at the Amusement Trades Exhibition International in London.
And then they actually did unveil Daytona USA 2.
So that was the true sequel, of course, to Daytona.
So, Scud Race had its location test in Irvine, Irvine, California at the Sega City Arcade in 1987 before it had a rest of the American release.
As I said, it was released as Super GT in North America because the word Scud
I actually had people thinking of the Scud missiles used in the Gulf War.
There was a Scud Race Plus.
The version would allow you to play any of the four courses in reverse.
And it had a super beginner mode that had an oval track inside a giant play room, playhouse.
You could be a rocking horse and bowling pin.
Well, you could hit bowling pins.
And you could also I think you could play as a cat.
Yeah, you can race as a cat, a tank.
Hell yes.
The AM2 crew, apparently the cat didn't have the drift mechanic or something.
I, I remembered watching something about it.
Or you could be a rocket car.
Um, there's an attract mode there where there's a red sports car going through an Italian village and destroys the Coliseum.
Um, the, uh, background is a giant, uh, wheel that is blue, uh, instead of yellow orange.
Um, and of course there was no American release of Scud Race Plus.
They never marketed this version outside of Japan, but there is a switch to switch it to USA, and the title turns to SEGA Super GT Plus.
It has basically everything from Scud Race Plus.
I'm trying to remember what the cars... I don't see it listing what the cars, but I know that one of them is a Porsche 911.
Let me double check real quick.
Cars in Scud Race.
Okay.
It was in this YouTube clip somewhere, too.
Yeah, but I figured I'd say them anyway.
Okay.
So yeah, I was right about the Porsche 911 GT2.
There was a McLaren F1 GTR, which by the way, I've gotten to drive one, just saying.
A Ferrari F40 GTE and a Chrysler Viper GTS-R.
The unplayable vehicles was the Alpine A610 and the 87 Lamborghini Countach.
So your, uh, your areas that you could play was, uh, for a beginner, you had, uh, Salinas in Monterey, California.
Uh, the Dolphin Tunnel.
You had Niagara Falls, Ontario for a medium.
You had, uh, Narita International Airport for, uh, Japan.
And that actually was a beginner and, uh,
Midna, knock it off!
It was rated by Game Machine as the second most successful dedicated arcade game of the month for March 1st, 1997.
Very positive reviews.
It, a few places, gave it like 4 out of 5 and 5 out of 5.
You know, very, very high ranked.
And, um, I'd like to read this quote by Next Generation.
Um, Sega's newest Model 3 creation is the most gorgeous driving game ever to grace an arcade.
Simply put, Sega's Super GT is a visual masterpiece boasting never-before-seen graphics and providing realistic driving speeds gamers simply have never experienced.
Unless, of course, they're Mario and Ready.
And that's it.
Love it.
All right.
Good race.
There it is.
Scud Race, Classic Game of the Week.
But over here, it was called Super GT Race.
I think maybe that's how I learned about it.
That's how I learned about it.
I probably called it that name.
And Jamie was like, Oh, you mean this?
You mean Scud Race?
I don't know.
I mean, I have seen a Scud Race in the wild, but
It was so long ago.
God, I want to see.
I feel like one of the golf lands had it, I swear.
I take that back.
We had one at, there was one at Tilt, I think, in Dothan, Alabama.
And they had to order the GT kit for it or something.
Like they got it through some way.
Interesting.
All right.
Well, let's travel around and check out some other news pretty quickly on what is happening in the industry in a segment called Rapid Fire News.
We'll go to Loki.
We were talking about game preservation.
Well, Capcom is taking down three titles from the Steam Marketplace.
Dark Void, Dark Void Zero, and Flock.
And they didn't give a reason why.
They're just discontinuing sales of these titles May 8th at 5.30pm Pacific Daylight Time.
Customers who purchased the title prior to the delisting date may still be able to enjoy these games in the future.
depending on their PC's operating system's ability to continue to run these games.
Cool, thanks.
Game preservation is important.
Yep.
Also important and a thing that made me upset is that, you know, we never did get Grand Theft Auto V single-player DLC, like expansions, because the Grand Theft Auto IV expansions were fantastic, and I really wish that there was more of that.
Well, apparently there was actually supposed to be
single player expansions.
We know this based off of comments made by the voice actors.
Steven Og, who did the voice and motion capture for Trevor on a recent podcast with Streamily.
Basically, we're talking about some of the unreleased DLC for Grand Theft Auto V. One of those would have been
Agent Trevor, which had his character Trevor Phillips playing an undercover officer working for the Feds and kind of doing some sort of like, you know, James Bond-ish type stuff along with that because Trevor Phillips is kind of a, you know, insane, drug-addicted, crazy person in the game.
So it was quite a fish out of water scenario that
Okay, something weird has happened.
I've lost Loki.
Jamie, do I still have you?
Okay.
Yeah.
Okay, we had a weird hiccup there on discord.
So Loki, thank you discord.
Yeah, sorry.
I still heard Loki the whole time.
Okay, then it was probably a hiccup on my end.
But yeah, weird.
I don't usually that's like the first internet glitch we've had since like a year or so.
Sorry, Loki, you just froze there at the end.
Okay, let's see.
So anyways, they were planning on having DLC for all of the three games protagonists, but you know, Grand Theft Auto 9 was a thing and they made so much money that they're like, money, and they forget it.
Interesting.
All right, let's move on and DarkSakura, what do you have for us?
Well, there is some DLC coming out for River City Girls 2, and it is River City Girls 2 Cross Double Dragon.
So you will get Billy and Jimmy Lee in the game, and they're going to go around and kick some ass.
And there's voice acting.
Oh, cool.
Nice.
Nintendo Switch Online Service
and Iggy's Wrecking Balls.
Yes, those are the games.
And I vaguely remember Xtreme G. I think I did see because I remember it looks like Tron Bikes, like it's what they're not, except they look like actual motorcycles, but they're kind of shaped like Tron Bikes.
So there's that.
It's basically a motorcycle racing game.
But then Iggy's Wrecking Balls.
I literally have never heard of this game, which looks like maybe like a monkey ball kind of game for Nintendo 64.
travel around the world and check out some release dates and some games coming out in a store near you.
We'll start with the US, Loki.
Not a lot this week.
We've got Braid Anniversary Edition on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series, iOS, and Android.
Sea of Thieves on PlayStation 5.
Endless Ocean, Luminous on Nintendo Switch.
I guess that's... I forgot that was a thing coming out.
And then we have Toho, Mystica's... Izakaya on Nintendo Switch.
Izakaya?
Maybe Izakaya.
Who knows?
That's like a like going to get drinks and snacks after work kind of place.
Well, it is a restaurant simulation, so... There you go.
There you go.
That's it.
Well, going to Japanese releases, here's the thing is that, you know, there's that one week a year where I go, huh, it seems like there's nothing coming out in Japan.
Is it Golden Week?
And the answer is yes.
Guess what?
It's Golden Week.
It's Golden Week!
And that probably explains Happy Golden Week to anyone in Japan who's listening.
But that explains probably why it's a little slower.
However, it's actually not empty.
The calendar in Japan is not empty.
I think because we have more worldwide releases now, and especially with digital,
So that same Izakaya game you were just talking about is releasing in Japan as well on May 2nd.
However, guess what?
There's a regular and a limited edition.
Because of course there are.
It looks like you get some little cards in the limited edition, some stickers maybe.
It looks like, let's, can I be completely right?
It looks like a bunch of crap, but that's usually what comes with the limited edition is a bunch of crap.
DarkSakura UK
For the UK, just a handful.
On May 2nd, we have MotoGP 24th for the big three.
On Switch, we have Endless Ocean Luminous.
Also on the third on PlayStation and Switch, we have Mike Magnolia's Hellboy Web of Weird.
For PlayStation, Xbox, and computer, we have House Flipper 2.
All right.
Well, that's it for the release dates.
Let's do just a couple more stories.
And then we'll see if any of you want to participate with the roundtable.
We always accept your emails participate at orange on trader.com.
We'll check out and see if anybody wants to call as well in our green room on our discord server, which by the way, you don't just have to use the discord server for calling us.
You can also leave us messages throughout the week.
We have a pretty active chat channel there.
I promise we keep the pings to a minimum.
In fact, I almost want to say that it's non existent.
I don't remember the last time we ever did an everyone ping.
I don't think it actually happens there.
But we do it does inform you of new VOG Network content in the channels without a ping.
If you ever want to stay on top of what's happening around the network.
So again, vognetwork.com slash discord is the place to get on our discord server.
Let's get to a couple other last stories here, Loki.
Yeah, so Valve has apparently closed a loophole in their Steam refund policy.
The way people were explaining it is games that had advanced access, which is essentially playtime that's prior to the game's release, so think of like...
I mean, in this case, it would have been a positive.
But like, let's think about like Suicide Squad, where if I paid a little extra money, I get to play it three days early.
Well, apparently some people were buying games with that advanced access, beating said game within that time period.
And then because Valve didn't start the clock until release day, they were able to go ahead and refund the title before that.
It took them that long to fix that?
Damn.
Yeah, I'm surprised.
But yeah, now, now it's essentially going to be I think, yeah, now it's that purchase time instead of, you know, the release date.
So I think it's probably a small subset of people that were doing that.
But you know, at least they've kind of fixed that.
So if there's a way people can be shitty, count on it.
Yep.
All right.
Such is life.
And by the way, this goes to gaming corporations as well, because I don't know about this one.
This is pretty wild.
But there is a game and I, I actually, yes, I don't know this game, Loki, you might have to fill me in on what this is all about, because it looks like a shooty shooty bang bang game.
Yeah, it's a game called Escape from Tarkov.
Yeah, it's a so escape from Tarkov is a what they call it an extraction shooter.
So essentially, what you're doing is you're entering into like a giant war zone map or whatever, and you have to go get valuable assets or things from the map and then escape out of the map you need to extract yourself before being killed by someone else which
ToBeFair was kind of Mass Effect 3's multiplayer mode, which I fucking loved.
Like, so, you know, I like the extraction games.
That's fine.
I don't have a problem with that.
Yeah, I do have a problem with some things I'm hearing about this.
So there's so this game has been in beta for six years, which I didn't realize it's been a beta a very long time.
But now they're getting closer and closer to release and they are going to be releasing the game in different tiers.
which usually have I know we joke about the collectors editions in Japan.
That's just because they do all sorts of shitty digital collectors editions here.
And this game is no different.
There's going to be the unheard edition of this game $250 for this game.
By the way, there is content in this $250 version that is not in the $120 version of the game, which promised free access to all subsequent DLCs or Season Pass.
So there is a persistent PVE mode, which I'm going to assume means the extraction never happens.
You just keep going and going, going till you can't anymore.
That's usually what persistent, I think.
I don't know.
I guess that could mean a lot of things, but there is a new mode called persistent PVE mode.
You cannot get it in the $120 version, even though they promised all the DLC and that.
It's an offline type of thing, so you're playing against AI enemies, and you can also bring your friends in as well, and apparently you can use your pre-level character, and you get other perks that's kind of more pay-to-win as well with it.
Yeah, but yeah, it really comes down to the people that dropped $120 for a game that's not finished yet, and then they're like,
Oh, by the way, we want you to pay $250 to get this, but they're like, but hey, you know, well, is there a battle pass in this too?
Because they're talking about pay to win elements, pre leveled player skills.
Sounds really nickel and dime in the audience.
Yeah, they're gonna discount to 30 bucks.
So you only have to pay an extra $100 to upgrade if you want.
Oh, Lord.
DarkSakura, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Since 2016, players have supported the developers by purchasing the highest edition of the game.
For eight years, we've been recommending this game to friends, bringing more and more players into the community.
And what was the developers' response?
They've blown us off, refused to comment, and only encouraged those who have lost all respect for themselves and continue to pour money in.
I personally had high hopes for Tarkov.
In my eyes, it was a high quality and most ambitious product on the entire market.
This is unacceptable.
This is selfish.
This is disrespectful.
You've disgraced yourselves completely.
You've lost loyal players.
You've betrayed the idea.
It's disgusting to everyone who feels the same way.
Don't be silent.
Spam.
Make memes.
Spread the word.
Do dramatic readings on podcasts.
Well, I guess I added that.
Wherever it's relevant, this cannot be tolerated.
So damn, people are pissed, yo.
Yeah, that's something to take for the but I get of course they are.
They have every right to be to be quite honest.
When fans support a game only to have the developer do this shit is really gross.
I understand developers have to get paid, but I also understand the planning should be there to be able to make that happen successfully without withholding modes from people who were under the reasonable assumption that they were buying the full version of the game.
Everything.
QuestBuster points out BSG first tried to say that the PVE mode wasn't DLC, even though it sounds exactly like DLC.
It's DLC.
They're trying to make it legally distinct because now this is smelling like a class action lawsuit.
Well, they've walked stuff back too, obviously, because they're in panic, you know, put out fire mode, but they've walked it back.
Stuff like, for example, PVE access, they said.
We've just decided to open it up to EOD owners for free, but we'll do it in waves.
As I said before, we don't have server capacity right now.
We will start the process as soon as possible.
We also decided that we'll add mod support for PVE mode after the release of the game.
About Unheard Edition, we will not remove it.
We want to keep the option for those who want to support the game more, but we will balance items, perks into this edition as we provide more rewards for those, blah, blah, blah.
And then, let's see here, I was trying to see what the responses of some of the stuff.
Yeah, none of it's really informative.
Yeah.
Anyway, there you go.
It's not like it was a game that was on my radar anyway, and now it's really not on my radar.
So congrats on that one, folks.
Yeah, and that's what that's what a lot of people that have been saying, especially like those folks that were considering streaming on like their their communities and saying, Hey, why don't you stream on Tarkov or whatever?
And then now they see this like, Nope, not anymore.
Not touching that one.
Good job.
How a bad boardroom decision can tank your entire fucking game in six easy steps, or even one easy step to be quite honest.
All right.
With that, we get to the Lister Roundtable.
If you guys have any questions for us, we'd love to see them in our chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
We do always take a moment to check the mailbag.
I think it's empty this week, but let me verify that with DarkSakura.
It is.
It's full of crickets.
All right.
Participate at orangelaunchradio.com if you want to, you know, help dust off the mailbag because it's getting a little stanky with the lack of emails.
At least we had a couple for our thousandth episode, but I guess I guess those are the last emails we're ever going to get.
Participate at orangelaunchradio.com.
Uh, let me check in with I don't see anyone in our green room either.
So I don't know.
We're going to wrap up soon.
But let me check with Loki here and see if there's any last minute stories you want to get to.
Yeah, I was going to say that there was a brand new fan game released for it's a Sonic fan game, actually.
It's Dr. Robotnik's Ring Racers.
It's a fan made, I guess, SRB to Ring Racer with 200 plus tracks.
and local split-screen multiplayer, online play for up to 16 players, a whole bunch of mechanics and stuff like that.
You can go to KartCrew, both with K's, .org and download it for free.
And it looks, it's like a quasi, like, it's like a combination between, like,
Mario Kart 64 and Mario Kart because it's got 2D sprites, but it's a 3D map.
Kind of interesting.
I'm kind of curious about this because it looks kind of interesting.
Oh, they do.
They do link to a trailer here.
That's obviously.
Yeah, and they did that like in the style of an old.
Oh, I don't know if I like that.
They kind of did the old style with it, but OK.
Well, that's what the game looks like.
I mean, not that blurry, but it's like that.
No.
Yeah.
But the blurry is is a choice, but that's all right.
Interesting.
That's for a fan product.
That's still very impressive.
That's pretty cool.
Yeah.
But yeah, using that effect on your trailer, that's a choice, my friends.
I don't know if that was a good idea.
All right.
Anything else, Loki?
That's it.
All right.
Well, I guess with that, we're going to wrap it up.
So thank you all so much for being here tonight and participating with the show.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio, tell a friend or two, help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices to put out on air.
Spread the word.
Tell friends.
A five-star review on a site like iTunes, Spotify, YouTube, wherever you found this show goes an awful long way as well.
We really appreciate that.
Yeah, so
We'll be back in seven days to do it all again, but let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
First, DarkSakura, I'm sure you're going to be streaming after the show tonight.
Do you have a final thought for us tonight?
Um, I need a nap.
Amen to that.
Come hang out.
All right.
Well, don't nap yet.
You got streaming to do.
I know.
You know, not not for not terribly long.
We're just going to go around and smack some people around.
That's all.
Sounds like fun.
All right.
Have a good one.
Later.
Thank you for watching!
Alright, my final thought is I'm riding a high from the show I hosted here locally last night.
It was a good time and always thankful to the Scream Queens Gorlesks here in Sacramento for having me.
And we had a really good time.
We had some awesome guest performers, which from the television show Dragula, which is like it's like Drag Race, but spooky and very, very well done in the art direction department.
Sigourney Beaver Onyx on Dicks
Happy to be a part of that.
So yeah, and if you want to see more of my in person appearances, Instagram is honestly the best place.
I promote that all the time on Instagram, Mr. Rob Roberts, Mr. Rob Roberts.
But then of course on Blue Sky is you know where to find me as well.
So all right, but that is gonna do it.
We will see you again in seven days.
We'll do this all over again.
Thank you so much.
Have a wonderful week, everybody.
We'll see you next time.
Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
