Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight it's the return of IGDA Sacramento. Join us for an interview with Brianna and Gabe for all things gaming and indie game development. This more rumor mongering and rumor debunking are among just a few topics we'll cover tonight and it all starts right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio. Live tonight with episode number 636 of our show for March the 27th of 2016.
My name is Rob Roberts here to talk with you about video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle. Live in studio with my co-hosts say hello over there to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Sup
Hey how you doing?
I'm full
Full of BS that she's going to spew all over the show tonight
Girl please
I'm just teasing you
After I bring you cookies
She didn't just bring me cookies, she brought me like my favorite cookies
Macaroons
Coconut and chocolate and I've already eaten four
That's okay I've had about as many today. We had Belgian waffles and muffins and like all of the carby things in the world. Like looking at it would just give you diabetes by association
Well it's a holiday we earned it I guess. My mom called today and we were talking a little bit and she said you're still doing a show on Easter?
And I'm like yeah? And she's like how are you? I said it's me and my Jewish girlfriend. She doesn't care about Easter
I think most people that do Easter stuff kind of get it over with in the morning so I think usually by the evening everybody's kind of pretty free
Except for unfortunately Techmaster Loki. He would be the exception of somebody that is doing something with Easter evening
Actually I think it's the fact I think he went to the Bay Area today for family stuff so sadly not joining us in the studio Techmaster Loki
But we do have filling in tonight we are happy to have somebody who doesn't have to work today due to the holiday
Say hello everybody to Alan
Hello
How are you doing?
Good
Good to have you back on the show
Thank you
You're going to be helping out with some of the news tonight and we'll talk to you a little later about your latest gaming addiction
Yes
Because I can tell you first hand there is a game that he stays up until 3am playing every night and I'm always asking
How have you not finished this game yet? You are still playing it
I'll get into that there's a very specific reason I haven't finished the main story and I'll get into it
Alright fair enough I'll leave you guys guessing over in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com
Because we do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific and 9 o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at the Voice of Geeks Network
vognetwork.com
And if you are listening live head on over to our chat room live.vognetwork.com
But we do have some other very special guests in the studio tonight I want to introduce here at the top of the show tonight before we get into our gaming weeks
I've been promoting this for a couple weeks so this shouldn't surprise anybody but maybe they're new to the show or what have you
Welcome back to the studio from the Sacramento chapter of the IGDA, International Game Developers Association
Say hello to Gabe
Good evening
And Brianna
Hi
Hi how's it going you guys?
Fantastic
Thank you for coming back
Thank you for letting us come back
I'm glad we didn't scare you off last time
Never you'll take a lot more than that
God they just left a mess at the Colonial and no I'm just kidding we always do our best to clean our stuff up
But welcome back to the show
Thank you so much it's an honor
I know you guys are here to talk about your big event here locally the Sacramento Indie Game Festival
Did I get that right or is it the Indie Game Expo?
I always mess that up
It's a bunch of different things but it is the Sacramento Indie Arcade Expo
You know what people need to know it's Indie Games and it's fun and just be there like it doesn't matter what it's called
They can call it like Rainbows and Kittens Fest and you should just still go
We should probably do that next year
Those are actually two wonderful things I think you might even you know
There's something we can roll with that I smell unicorns versus bunny rabbits we can do something
Well it is Easter so you know
That's true we totally could
But the SAC Indie Arcade is going to be in two weeks right now we won't be here next Sunday
I've told the listeners that I'm actually on a personal out of town trip so we won't be here next Sunday
But the Saturday after next which is April 9th is the event here in West Sacramento right?
Yup yup too big for Sacramento we gotta go West
Go West
Yes that's what I did
That's right
Yeah I came from New Jersey
That's right you came here from New Jersey settled a new life here in Sacramento and now it just keeps moving West
What do people have to look forward to at SAC Indie Arcade 2016?
I think the two words that and I've been trying to wrap my head around this
Professionally fun
I think that's going to be the main thing for this event because you're going to have you're going to see an incredible amount of indie game developers
But you're also going to learn how to be one of them or work with one of them you know if you want to
It's you know it's that's essentially what this event is all about it's going to be fun a huge amount of fun
You know good good music gaming tournaments you know a lot of nerd banter and then but you're also going to learn
You're going to hear from a lot of experts and leaders in the industry within Sacramento and the Bay Area and beyond
I learned honestly and this is not just a line I learned so much last year from attending just because you know
Look we do we do talk about games we've been talking about them a very long time here at Orange Mountains Radio
But I don't know a lot when it comes to how to actually sit down and make one
You know granted I've done levels in ZZT which I'm very proud of on the PC
A little big planet or some of those get Mario maker love that one you know things that enable you know with those easy
Creation tools, but it I and I have found because we tried to do this thing earlier in the year the vogjam
And I I really tried to sit down and learn unity for me in my time
It was just a beast like it's so much work that goes into it
And I think you kind of have to you know know a little bit about you got to know a little bit of logic to understand programming too
And yeah, you know that's like learning math some people are good at it some people need help
I think one of the you makes you makes it you made an interesting point
I don't it's it's not just the because for me
I thought it was all the animation the 3D graphics because that's what got my attention in the first place
But it's for but for me it's like what makes a fun game
You know like any you know the level design the level design aspect of it
And just knowing what game it starts with looking at a game that you that you adore with your heart
And then asking yourself how could I do better than that and then then coming to a lot of
Forced realities where you know on one end
Damn, I'm gonna make this more fun than this you know because this inspired me and then on the other end
It's gonna be well. I don't have the budget to make something this big
How do I do better with less
Well, but at the SAC indie arcade you know you can network with other people
And I know this is also through IGDA is that you know you don't necessarily have to be a unity beast
To be interested in IGDA because maybe you're somebody who wants to be a voice actor or a level designer
Or a musician I know is a big one too
Yes, there are so many other elements that go into games that you don't necessarily have to be a game
Like the actual game maker to get stuff out of IGDA
Yeah, and I'm living proof of that. I'm the idea person. That's me. I'm an idea man
I just I you know for me I came to
Accept and understand my limitations some years ago. You know I can't code. I can't do art
I can't do animation as much as I love those things. I can't do it
So what good am I if I want to make if I want to start a game studio make a game at all
So I said I can write and I can do a little bit of music
Write my ideas down and then find someone who can hopefully believe in what I'm doing and that's that
Yeah, I remember one really awesome speaker you guys had I mean you guys had Kate the president of IGDA
Last year it was wonderful to hear her speak and to you know we were talking with her too
And that was right at all the height of some of the like Twitter drama last year
Yeah, and so you know having a very frank conversation about that
You know it was great, and she was very eloquent in the way. She was speaking about that so she was very great
I remember one of my favorite speakers you guys had last year very dynamic was this lady that you had from
I think she was like a business association downtown. I want to say it was like a women's business
But like she made it very clear like you don't necessarily have to be a woman to be in this association
And she it made me think about like oh my gosh
If I'm a game designer and I make my product and I want to you know
You know put it on unity
And then it's like okay now I want to go on Steam Greenlight, and then all of a sudden. It's oh shit
I'm a business owner mmm-hmm. I didn't even think about this end of thing we don't we know we don't we never do
Yeah, never never we're so focused on the game. We're not thinking about the legalities
We're not thinking about anything else. You know like oh my god
I have to trademark my title because someone else is doing it in another country or in another state and whatever the case may be
So and it's happened so even some of our own people here in Sacramento people had to change names last minute
Oh, and and they would spend a good year
Talking to their game about you know talking to their you about their game and sharing it and everything like that and all of a
Sudden we see them again a couple months later, and it's a total different game title
They were like what just happened, and then they're like remember that session. We've had some time ago. Oh
Oh, I'm sorry so yeah, but but that's important like if we don't do that now
When so yeah um and I just remember and I didn't get the sense that she was a big gamer
But she was but she you know how I knew she was smart because she was really good at adapting and I swear she read
It off some dude's t-shirt in the front row. She did she started going cuz she even delivered the line
She goes it's dangerous to go alone and everybody in the audience cheers is like oh, yeah, this chick plays Zelda. She's hardcore, right?
She read it off the dude's t-shirt in the front row
She and she made it she made a point with it because she was right right and when you go into business
That is a scary thing to take on when you are
I just I love that she like made that up on the fly up. It was probably connected with the audience
Yeah, it was by far the greatest part of the entire event the entire event was fantastic
But when she said that I said we're not even an hour an hour and a half into this event and I'm done
I could leave that's right. We could leave because I was crying Brianna was crying. We were we were dying
We're done. Yeah, that's it ship at home all right awesome awesome
Brianna I know you guys have been busy booking guests and events for this year
Tell us a little bit about some of the things that people have to look forward to it sack indie arcade festival
So in addition to the professional aspect where you'll get to hear from a speaker
panel of speakers with from diverse areas of the game industry everything from education to
What is it motion capture?
Virtual reality even to some of the ethical portions you'll have a chance so if you just love playing games
That's also what the Sacramento indie arcade is about we want you to come out have fun
Bring your friends family cousins whoever you'll get to play some old retro console games by consolecade and cafe colonial
They're hosting a little exhibit, and then we also have our friend Bill Kendrick with Atari party at a Dave love Atari party
I went for the first time
Between the last time you guys were here and this year
I went for the first time what a great event that was Dan
And I always participate every year with bringing our 5200 yeah, so awesome. Love it. I love that Atari's gonna be there
Yes, Bill has been fantastic in helping us with them promotion for the event so he's gonna have a bigger setup this year
And he's bringing his own volunteers
So for people listening who may not have ever touched an Atari and you're local to Sacramento come on out and see what that's about
You know it always gets me
You know it always gets me in the fields as this like late 30-something jaded old gamer is
When I go to these events where the Atari's are around and like seven-year-old kids are
And I'm like oh my god. It's me, but like
That was us, but this kid is like seeing kind of like what we went through like type of thing
It's it's got to be the way like my parents feel when I watch like the Grapes of Wrath or something some old ass
I mean, he's gotta be John Wayne like similar, right?
I don't know
But it's like it gets me in the fields and I see the kids playing it and they're actually having fun
And they're not like going like it's all there
It's why is it all green you know and I think what you brought up now really hit me in the heart last year when?
I was just kind of observing our guests that came through is we have parents who have a you know background in Atari
And that's what they used to play and now they're bringing their kids. I didn't expect as many families to come out as they did
So that really you know melted my heart to see that and then we've also introduced board and card games this year
So you'll get a chance to play new games by local board and card game developers as well, so we've got any developers
We're gonna have capital fight district
Taking care of our game tournaments. We have Street Fighter
Super Smash Brothers, so it's gonna be an all-around are we having poking because I know how to button mash and poking
Gabriel
Well I don't think we might we might okay, yes can't confirm or deny okay cool come and find out
That's okay, that's okay, if nothing else
I'll bring my Wii U and you can find the poking over by vogue that works, too
And we will be there
We're gonna we're gonna be set up in the theater
Helping to run all the panels and thank you for asking us to do that
I'm so excited to be a part of that
I'm so glad to have found you guys and you found us and it's a beautiful thing that that came together
Yes
anything like I said anything we can do to help and I do want to because I know we have an international we're very fortunate that
We have an international audience that listens to Orange, Montreal. You know we do have a few listeners in Sacramento, and I'm always surprised
I'm like oh you're local
I never do that, but we have listeners that are in New York City or you know that are in Florida or you know Europe
You know possibly even so they might be wondering like okay well
Am I just am I gonna fast-forward through this cuz I don't live in Sacramento, so I can't go to this event
I would say no for to read
There's there's two very important reasons we still talk about this even though it might not be local for you
and you can't realistically attend a
You know I'm gonna pimp some sort of live stream. We're gonna be broadcasting this
Didn't I hear this year? We're gonna be doing our best to do the vlog stream again on Saturday fingers crossed
Our wife our Wi-Fi isn't it because it's a new location our Wi-Fi will not be having to go through a concrete wall this year
So we're a lot more you know and I was even like just tell me where the damn box is
I've got a 50-foot cord. We'll make it work
We'll put a nice rug so people don't trip, but anyway all that stuff aside
We're gonna do our best to do that, but I heard I don't know if this got worked out
We're gonna do some well not us, but you guys are gonna be doing some twitch stuff too, right?
Yes, our friend Jay with capital fight district is hopefully going to be streaming
His tournaments and the event on twitch this year nice. That'd be great
And then of course the second reason why I still think this is important is that okay?
So we're talking about this here in Sacramento, and you might be thinking. Oh, I can't really go to that event well chances
Are folks there's an IGDA chapter in your neck of the woods?
They're probably doing an event like this
Maybe not same time, but at some point
So you know if you have any type of interest in games you seek it out if you're I imagine any major city in America
There's probably an IGDA chapter there in addition to the IGDA chapters around the world if you are listening to
Olr anywhere in the world and you hear about a certain game that we might talk about tonight or that Rob
Mentions during the show you know our game developers sell their games internationally, too
You can download them from the App Store you can go on steam, so we're really just kind of promoting
What's here in Sacramento, but if you love Rob in the show?
You might love some of the games that they're gonna talk about too
Awesome yeah, I think I think that was the first place that Loki had done
VR ever was that Sakai GDA last year, so you know we all get to try things for the first time
And there were some really great games that were at the festival last year, so I'm looking forward to seeing how they've evolved
Or what new stuff I'm gonna see this year. Do we get some new stuff this year?
We do get some new stuff. We have some developers coming up from Southern, California also
Nice yeah, we have one from yeah red the game is called red cobra
And they're coming all the way from San Diego, so yeah
I had connected with them a few times when they did some indie events down there
And pretty crazy move from you to just like you know oh going to San Diego to meet a bunch of strange people
I ain't never met before, but that's how determined I was to
Try to somehow create some sort of inner inner connectivity within the indie scene even if it meant me only going a couple of times
But they remember me we all stay in touch
And and now anytime they try to do something
They're like can you help us or are you coming down and you know the last couple times?
I wasn't able to but it's fine because now they're coming here, and that still says something that made my
Little investment in that trip worth it because now I've given them the opportunity where they would have not
Had an opportunity otherwise and now they're gonna be able to tell their people down there like well
It's not happening in San Diego. Why don't we go up here road trip?
So yeah, so we've got you know we definitely our arms have been stretched out a bit further this time, and it's it's wonderful well
Congratulations, that's awesome
And I know even there was some stuff that I remember going to an event up in Reno
Yes, I know you're in touch with them mm-hmm, so yeah, you kind of get get all over yep
You're making a name for Sacramento. Yeah, we're the cat. We're the capital
We have to
Going to our chat room over at live dot vog network calm
Why why are one of our favorite indie developers is in the chat room
We like why we are because he's actually made games based on inside jokes on orange on radio. I
I literally shit you not. It's he made a game called pixel shits. That was based off a joke here on olr
That's like an Atari remember how I came up with the name
I don't I don't either, but it was an attorney like he literally like it's this Atari
2600 style game where you actually like little dudes are running through a park
And you actually leave little shit piles for them to get stuck in and then they don't make it across the park
But the this is the this is the part that like like every game needs that twist that just makes it like oh my god
This is amazing the twist in this game is when you when your poo meter runs out you go to the Taco Bell in the corner
Yes, well wasn't that our White Castle I mean absolutely
That's wonderful
But also why we are he was actually showing at magfest and we just talked about last week his game
Multitasking got greenlit and a big part of that was because the word-of-mouth he got at magfest
Yeah, so getting your game out to these festivals. Yeah, you have to yeah, you have to yeah
there is a there is a challenge of course being you know I mean and I know this because I
co-run the department for magfest at the indie showcase, but you know because we had I think we had
for the latest round
Yeah for this latest event. We I think had hundred fifty two hundred submissions
Oh my god, and we only accepted like it probably a third of them. If that how do you say? No
There you know and and and I mean this for any and I apologize
Well, I sort of apologize to any developers out there who really work hard but may have missed things
But I don't apologize to those developers who really never bothered to make the effort
Because for some it was very easy to say no because they just never bothered sure and I mean that in the nicest most adult
Mature way possible. You have to have a little bit of enthusiasm
Yeah, yeah
Yeah
and you know when when someone's doing it for the actual reason and when whether it's is if
Are they just trying to make a quick buck?
You're gonna you can tell you can absolutely tell but when there's heart in it you you definitely see that that's when it gets difficult
Because then when you see others that have maybe one game was made with heart
But then there was another one made with heart but more fully fleshed out then. Yeah it that's where it becomes a little difficult
So yeah, very very challenging and and you know, fortunately for us at the indie arcade
For for our event we haven't I haven't gone there yet
I've essentially put blind faith in my people because a lot of them I already know what they're doing
So it's not it's not a challenge
So it's to see who's doing what and I just I have to make this clear in chat because why we are is like is
This why I got wait-listed at magfest
Gabe did not do magfest this year. I didn't do that. I'm sorry. Unfortunately, he did not do magfest
No, where is why anyway he is out in New York. Yeah, my neighbor my old neighbor cool
Well, have you ever come to Sacramento dude? Yeah, I'll let you you're accepted right right then and there
We will talk off air because my understanding is that could be happening
At least for a visit at least. Okay, so all right
Let's see also comments in chat actually why we're had said something else to that
I thought was worth repeating here over from our chat room live dog network calm
Why are say gameplay design level design art design story design if applicable game creation?
Involves all of those and then talking about the business
Why we are says it helps to have a business mindset or think about it in the back of your mind
SSJ 100 Matt says I just looked it up and I see a few IG DA New York City chapters
Yes, there's probably one in each borough
Yeah, I think there yeah, I think there might be I think there's one IG DA Brooklyn or something like that
Yeah, but even IG DA New Jersey they have they have their own and you know and Boston, you know
Not that far away everything so close up there. So yeah, just a couple hours away
So yeah, they have a whole ton of options out that way
So and I like the point that he made though about all those other aspects
You know story level sound, you know, they're all all that adds up to
Cohesion cohesiveness and consistency. So yeah, beautiful good
You kind of have to have a good you also have to be a bit of a people person
I think to learn some of those skills
Even if you don't necessarily get a long hundred percent of the time like to be business professional in working with people like that
That that doesn't come naturally for everybody. No and you know something
I'm super relieved you said this because
Just yesterday we had our game jam and one at one of the one of the teammates on the progressive game
Jam team made a made a very striking remark and it's something that I've said for a very long time and I would typically get
The you know tilted face response like what are you talking about? But he said I'm an introvert. I
Under no circumstances
Want to deal with a bunch of people I just want to make my game and sell it and that's it
And he was like, I'm a programmer. I don't like having to deal with others like that. But that is
Absolutely, like I get that because I've said the same thing for a very very long time. We are all very nervous
To just get it out there
Because and that's why we forget so often about the legalities and the business aspect because we're so dead focused on hoping that
someone is gonna like what we've made and
And and I'm telling you and you know, we think when we hear about all these
I don't know if you know when we hear about these, you know
These sensitive comments and the sensitive reactions and and the people the person outside looking in says damn
They're really kind of overdramatic a little over theatrical about it all but not necessarily
Because we are so consumed by the fear of being accepted just once
Not consistently just once and even for me
That was a huge thing for me that I had to overcome as outgoing as I had been in other aspects of my life
But when it but when it comes to believing in your dream
It's you you're so focused on you believing in it because it took you so long to believe in it yourself
That you have to hope to God that someone else is gonna believe in it, too
That's a great point because I'm an extrovert by nature. All right, so
What a shot I have my moments
Well, you know, I'm an extrovert by nature and sometimes like I I even get the mindset where it's like
Why can't you just why you just get up there and talk about her?
Why can't you just make that call, you know those types of things and you know
So an Allen is usually the one that actually kind of grounds me a little bit and will you know?
because he's the introvert and we'll kind of remind me that like, you know, I
Doesn't come that way. It's not it's not like that all the time
Yeah
We want it to be if we want it because we're so excited and that and you'll see us because when an introvert gets super
Excited you can't stop us because it happens it happens to us because we just start we're on it and on it and on it
So yeah, I mean so when he so when when our colleagues said that yesterday, I was like, yeah
Absolutely, absolutely resounding. So yeah, you know, but that's why we that's why this our chapter is
To help
Relieve those issues, you know relieve those issues or at least give some balance to that
that's why the indie arcade is a celebration of those things because it's like we're giving you the
opportunity to
kind of break from your shell even just a little bit even if you just crack the shell just a little bit and then
give yourself we're gonna help you give you that courage to
Be able to show your game to the general public and and and feel have that bit of confidence
That holy crap, they actually do like it
We're at this
Conversation is getting a huge response in our chat over at live fog network calm
Dungeon buster saying there are quite a few devs that are amazingly savvy creators
But terrible a business part of a good Kickstarter pitch is to make everyone excited about your game
If you can't do that, then why should I fund you? Yep
Yyr says everything's being spoken is 100% true
It helps 200% if you love your game enough that even if nobody else loves it
You will still be satisfied with it. That way you have nothing to lose
Act F just says this applies on so many aspects
Very true. Same thing same thing even from my side where it's like I'm not really making a game, but I have like this podcast
But if I can't speak positively about the podcast if I'm like, yeah
I have this show and it's kind of it's kind of it's really nerdy
You know, it's no biggie, you know, if I if I sell it like that people gonna be okay, then I won't bother
But you know if I'm excited about like yeah, you know, we've been going a long time and we love games
You know, then people get more enthusiastic about it. So that's just that's just goes on anything. Sure. Absolutely. Absolutely
Brianna tell us a little bit about and I don't know if you know this off the top of your head
But I'm hoping you you know some of them tell us about some of the speakers that we're gonna hear from this year at IGDA
Cuz I know you have a new lineup this year. Yes
So our keynote speaker is going to be Kat went
She was the 2015 MVP as voted by the IGDA
She's one of the founders of the women in gaming for the International Game Developers Association
she's very
Proactive about diversity in games making sure that both genders are well represented. She's about community. So she's gonna be speaking on that
Next up. We'll have Ian Pollock. He is the director of the graduate program at CSU East Bay
he takes game designing and
Jant game jams to a whole different level. He's very big on
Well in the East Bay is like where a lot of your games come from. Yes
So it makes a lot of sense East Bay South Bay. It's like
Funny enough though the IGDA chapters out there haven't been too involved
But we've been mentoring at their game jams Gabriel and I have interesting
So Sacramento has been pouring into the East Bay and we invited Ian to come up
He is big on incorporating multiple disciplines whether you're a science major or you have an art background
We want he wants to create games based around things like that
We also have our local developer from rocktastic games. William Tan will be speaking to give a perspective on
What indie developers go through he's been in the industry for a while now and he's had a lot of success in the mobile side
So now he's developing for console and he's gonna share his perspective on things like that
Michelle Hill
she is
We have Michelle Hill who is a Sacramento native who found out that Sacramento has an IGDA chapter
She was an IGDA scholar in years past had the opportunity to learn from triple-a studios in the Bay Area now
She works in the bay, but is returning back home to give back to her local community. She'll be giving a speech
I'm sorry. It's very I got super excited about her because she's our first person from a triple-a studio
She's from 2k games. She's a technical animator for 2k games. She's actually working on
Oh my god
She's she's working on Mafia 3 and she which I can't wait for and she's working on the the XCOM sequel as well
So she kind of knows her stuff and we had the pleasure of meeting her at the most recent GDC
so the fact that we have her speaking on both the benefit the pros and cons of working on indie and
triple-a
So yeah, we have someone for 2k games coming through for that which means we hope more from 2k game shows up down the road
But anyway, I'm sorry. Yeah
Yeah, she was previously with an indie studio and in 2015 they were nominated for a game award out of GDC
So she'll be coming back and then we also have ninja pandas who have been helping and teaching game development courses over the last year
So husband and wife team JT and Claire, they're wonderful
They're relocated here to Sacramento to help grow the scene as well and their
Prior experience their professors. They were professors out of CSU East Bay, too
and
Who am I missing? Am I missing anyone?
We have seven speakers, so the keynote starts at 1030 on the spot she is
The keynote starts at 1030 and we go until 3 so it's gonna be a full day
Lots of learning lots of Q&A will be available and like Gabriel was saying earlier in terms of the scene
like it's just two people kind of coordinating this whole event right now and
You guys have been working your tissues
Gotten to know the developers and the community and
It just makes me so proud to be able to host something like this and to incorporate our local indie media also in our
Podcasters and our twitch streamers. It's really a wonderful labor of love and to see that you guys are excited about it, too
Makes all of this work and my sleepless nights and my dreams
Thanks
Everything worth it, you know, I'm a casual gamer so to speak I do more of I am the businessperson. I'm the numbers
I'm the legalities kind of girl, you know, I'm not a creator. I'm not a developer
I have a love for music but to hear and experience what all of these devs are going through
I don't have the patience for any of that
But if I can create a platform for everyone to show off what they are passionate about that makes me so happy
Oh
Yeah, I was like wait I have notes so black shell media so we'll have black shell media coming they'll be they're coming from Southern, California
to speak on we have yes, there's a person from from the crew that will be coming up to talk about a
Indie game development and then video game bang will also be there as well, which I love that name. Yeah, just saying
They shouted you out too earlier, so it's really cool. They called you the OGs of Sacramento podcasting old grandpa's. I'll take it
Original gangsters original gangsters, man
No, no, I know I know
Little too busty to be a granddad
Grandparents, excuse me. Oh
Yeah, well, yes, so we have video game bang
Thomas Espinosa from black shell media cat went in Pollock Claire and JT Baca from ninja pandas Michelle Hill to
K games and William Tan from rock tastic games. We're gonna have a good old time. I can't have a lot of interviews to do
And hopefully we'll all be streaming at vog network comm if nothing else
We're gonna be recording it and possibly playing it later
If for whatever reason the live stream doesn't work out but stay tuned to our Twitter feed fraud latest twitter.com slash
Vog network vog network and then you guys are on Twitter as well, right?
Yes, the Sacramento indie arcade can be found at twitter.com forward slash sack indie arcade
And if you want to follow the chapter, you can go to at I GDA underscore Sacramento
Awesome. I want to ask you guys real quickly before we get into like, you know
The rest of the show and the news and all that stuff real quick because you brought up GDC and that reminded me
Oh, yeah
We have people that went to GDC in the room because you know
We don't that's a little bit out of our scope for what we're able to do
But you guys actually both went and you got to take in everything at GDC just some quick impressions on this year's
GDC is something that really caught your attention that you really enjoyed or what have you
So I spent a lot of time in the GDC play area. They had some alternate
Alternative controllers they had a controller this year where you lick it and that's what moves I kid you not
The eyes and in the studio just their eyes got so big right now
Especially since I have a macaroon in my mouth, okay
Like when people use the oculus rift you have the sanitary wipes so you can wipe it down
So, you know, you don't give somebody Zika virus or whatever
But I don't want to lick something that some complete stranger especially at a gaming conference has licked
Do you want ants cuz that's how you get ants? Yeah, if you see a demo kiosk for that at Best Buy now
I'm not using that
So if you're near a PC or your mobile phone look up planet liquor
I think that's the name of it planet liquor and and the arms in this right now
They were switching out the pieces obviously, you know each new player gets a new one. I know they're on Instagram if you look up Instagram
Oh, oh joy you it there were three different things to lick
You gotta lick it
Yeah, you put you bring my god you bring the controller to your mouth
That was at the game developers conference my friends
Now put that with the virtual reality stuff and you're good to go and I can't wait for what porn hubs gonna make
Coming but a bump you could just nickname this girlfriend pleaser the game
It's a strength it's a strengthener for that particular oral muscle Wow, wowie Wow Wow Wow Wow
All right anyway
So you got to lick things that strangers had like before you
How was your experience did you lick anything nope, just my pride
So
Yep, nope, not at all. Not at all. So not at all. So I can't even follow up on that one at all. I
I
Had the pleasure of experience of I shouldn't even say pleasure Jesus worries. Everything's gonna sound suggestive
I'm so sorry everybody, but so part of my experience with GDC
I had I got a got accepted into a new boot camp that they introduced called
amplifying voices and I and I
submitted for it for this boot camp and the idea behind it was it was about growing leaders within different communities and you know that
Were helped contributing to the industry somehow and so I submitted and I got accepted
So I would so we saw I was part of the very first class to you know of 30 to you know
actually beach be like
mentored and coached on how to
You know, you know speak better than you already do now be a better leader, you know
Continue to be a great leader in your community so on and so forth
My coach happened to be the marketing director for Oculus Rift
So so yes, I actually got to meet her and she was she was really cool
And you know, we got I got to meet Robin Robin Haniki from that game company who now runs her own
Fun phenomena so indie game studio you got to go to like the equivalent of like when a seven-year-old wants to go to space camp
Just got to do. Yeah, I did. Yeah. Yeah, it was it was
It was extremely uplifting. It was extremely uplifting that day. And so and so with that, you know, yeah
So then I got to see you know when I was able to go, you know other other facets of the event
You know a couple different sessions
Oh
I a lot I actually invested a was a I was fortunate enough to have my my 3d art director of my NASA game studio
Team to attend the different animation boot camps that were that were there
And he said they were absolutely incredible. He got to meet some of like his biggest
Inspirations, you know for different game studios. I liked and this is me
With the whole pathless traveled mentality is you know where if I see something trendy?
Buzzwordy I get irritated real quick and I'm like, okay. I'm already tired of it
But yet we talked that you know, there's VR
alternate AR
Very that was the thing and it it was exciting but it got me super nervous
It's like okay
Are we really that ready yet?
I'm like because they kind of did the same thing with like the big with like the big TVs back in the day
It's like oh you got to watch this and you know, you gotta you gotta get this TV now and you know
Look what they're trying to do with 4k now. It's like not gonna happen for a while. So and
But anyway, you know all that all that aside
it was
Very incredible event and probably the best that that you know minus some funny antics that happened throughout the event
Thanks, Microsoft and things like that. And I think Bree wants to contribute on that. Oh, yeah
Well, it was their 30-year celebration, too
So they had a whole 80s section like a throwback to how GDC first started
You know the humble beginnings at someone's home. I think it was so they did a little throwback section
But yeah, Gabe was saying a lot more virtual reality. They did a combination GDC VR D VR DC
Yeah this year. So instead of just having one expo hall with you know, oculus and you know, the major game players
It was throughout the whole thing
So there was not a section that you could go without having a headset on someone lingering through the halls. I
Heard there was just a ton of VR GDC this year
So it's gonna be interesting to see how that plays out in the living room a year or two from now be very interesting
Well, your friend is all about it. That's right
Looking at chat over at live dog network comm sg 100 Matt says space camp and he didn't even have to play double dare
No, he didn't he didn't and I don't think there was a physical challenge at GDC
Actually, Bree might have done the physical challenge at the licking station that might have been yeah
It's kind of like they they were a team there anyway
No comment. Oh
My gosh. All right
This has been too much fun. So anyway, uh, sac I GDA
The indie game Expo is gonna be next or excuse me two weeks from yesterday
Yes on April 9th in West Sacramento at the West Sacramento Convention Center
But worldwide via streaming and all the all this tweets and things you're gonna see come out of it
Yes, so very excited for the event
To
register participation for this week's episode of orange lounge radio at vog network comm use the passphrase novel
We're gonna move on with some of the news and things we were gonna get into on the show
But you guys will hopefully stay for a little while and chat with us about
This week in gaming news and some of the latest and greatest what's going on
We do always like to start off the show here talking about start off ha ha talking about our gaming weeks. So dark Sakura
Let's start over with you tonight. What kinds of video games have you been playing this week?
Dan and I finally started the remaster of Legend of Zelda Twilight Princess and
it's funny because I named my cat Midna and
she
hopped up on the TV while we played her introduction scene and
Just started looking at the TV and she hardly ever does that when we're home watching stuff
So she was up on the TV in front of the TV and behind our center speaker and she's like I'm in a video game
Yeah cat get down
So
And then I played a little bit more Dungan Rumpa. I had to take a little bit of a break
Just because I've had a really busy week
And I should change schedules at work. So like now I'm you know able to stay for the entire show
And I got my my new amiibo. I got my Timmy and Tommy nook
for Animal Crossing because the ones I'm collecting are on the Animal Crossing ones and
So I I haven't played them in happy home designer yet, but I did do Roper's house
so
The happy home designer is like stupidly fun. I'm also still playing Heroes of Dragon Age. Mm-hmm, and
I'm
Level seven in ingress now. Congrats. Thank you. And I have I think I might have pissed off that Smurf who?
Tried to take my home thing because in retaliation I took out eight of his
That's what the game is all about getting back at people sorry not sorry
And that's it. Awesome. All right, let's go over to Alan. Let's talk about let's talk about your gaming week
I'm low or year. How you doing?
Good good. What kind of games you've been playing this week fallout?
Fallout one. Yeah, I played and beat that did you yeah, that's right
You went back and actually played follow one and two because I have the discs from when I bought them from the early 90s
So no actually late 90s early 2000s. They still work, of course, and I was like
Apparently the first one if you have fought if you cheat and follow a walkthrough and I'm like, I'm I'm a grown adult
I don't have time. Just tell me tell me where to go
It's actually a fairly short game
The first fallout so I played that but I mostly been playing fallout 4
And all of the mods that have come out for it in spite of the fact that the creation kit isn't officially out yet
from Bethesda
So that's cool. So you will play this game till like 3 in the morning. Yeah, how have you not beat a game yet?
So without giving away too many spoilers
There are
four factions and the main story only goes so far and then you complete the main story by siding with one of these
Factions and then from that point on the how the main story
I mean ultimately it all goes to the same ending but it's just who's alive and who isn't there's the neutral faction
There's like faction a versus B that if you side with one you have to kill the other and then there's like the quote-unquote
evil faction all four my point is all four are lame and I don't know who I don't want I don't know who I want to
stake my claim with because I'm like
Who's the least guys are all boring or you always all have like really glaring moral problems that my character doesn't agree with
Where's the party faction?
Because there's the cool Marines in the iron armor suits
But they're like kill everybody that aren't that that isn't human including androids and then there's the the pro Android faction
but they like
Will like erase their memories and give them a new life and I'm like wolf the Android
Freed themselves because they have autonomy. Why would you want to delete who they are in the name of saving them?
So like everyone's it's so everyone's lame. So I love this
So, uh, so our chat room in response to you being like everybody's lame SG 100 Matt says so it's like the presidential race
Are we talking about the Republican side because that's like there is yeah, there isn't a single horse in that race. No politics
No politics now. All right
Yeah, so that's all so I'm I'm trying to get my affinity with all of the companions up
Oh you trying to romance everybody
well, not what you get a perk if you get someone to like really really like you and I have
Strong who's like the super mutant giant who just who basically likes it when you like if you take the cannibalism perk which no thanks
I'm not doing that if you eat
Like he likes that that that's the kind of stuff you have to do to get him to like you and you're trying to romance
Him no, he's not romanceable, but he's still a companion. Okay, but one thing about fallout
You can romance as many characters
There are 14 companions and I think like seven or eight of them are romanceable so you can be like sister wives
Yeah, you yeah, I'm I've I've maxed out McCready and Hancock and I'm in a relationship with both of them
Cuz modern cuz normally in Dragon Age, there's the there's the jealous bitch conversation
And with Mass Effect 1 with either Ashley and Liara or Liara and Caden. There's the jealous bitch conversation line
So we compared notes and we need to have a conversation with you
About what's going on and you need to pick and it's like okay $60 for this. Can I just you a ho?
Yeah
Yeah, exactly but with follow forks like do what you want
Do who you want whenever you want good times one of these days off to sit down and play that game
But I just I don't with all you know, you know, you're the best Allen
But I just don't want to become you when it comes to fall out and I'm worried that I might go down
You're totally not wired that way
I have that very I have very introverted an addictive personality that once I find a game that's doing it for me
That is all I play and then all of a sudden I get burned out. I'm like I've 500 hours of Skyrim is enough
I'm not gonna play Skyrim ever again
Then like with and then you'll be like, why aren't you playing this game? Oh that game. I'm not playing that anymore
What happened you've been playing that game non-stop for three months and I moved on
Yes, it's like something like he just dumps one and give another that's called binge gaming
Let's see why we are says the main quest is pretty long on
I had known this about any of those games that were just mentioned
I may have been more inclined to try playing them
Oh
Well, you're on the business side of things so, you know you get right down these marketing things following remark is not responsible of IGDA
Sacramento wives
Cannibalism. All right
Well, I was talking about what why oh, sorry
I thought there's a comment about fallout, but I guess why where has been playing guacamole, which you know, that's always that's a great
Great one
Raginator saying watched Alan play fallout for a little bit last night
Oh, yeah, you you don't really live stream, but you do he just will he'll be held on the steam notify
Raginator wants to watch your stream via this steam thing and I'm like, okay, so then steam takes care of it
It's all seamless. I don't even know what it's doing. You keep that steam thing open basically all the time. Yeah
Yeah, I I kind of do that like sometimes but as far as like routing it through twitch or whatever the play TV
I think is the new one that comes with the Raptor app. It's like a twitch competitor. Oh, I have that. Mm-hmm
I just never run it. Yeah
Cuz then I always feel like if I'm gonna stream a game then like I don't want to just stream gameplay
I have to be entertaining and like and I explain this to people when somebody asked me like why aren't you streaming your game?
Did it cuz I'm like sometimes I don't want to be on like talking about that whole like extrovert introvert thing, right?
like sometimes I just want to play the game and I don't necessarily want to be on because I do feel a
Responsibility when I'm live streaming a game to not just stream the gameplay but to be like
Commenting to talk about memories to talk about make jokes be funny. And so I was like, I don't want to be funny
I just want to vegetate in front of the game, but that's me
I'm not I'm not knocking other people because some people do stream just broad gameplay and that's totally fine
That's just not like like I want to kind of be consistent with my channel
And so that consistency would be me being on when I feel like it when reginator watches me stream
I don't even open up my headset mic so that I could talk to him through it
I mean he can hear the game obviously, but otherwise, there's no feedback from me. He's just watching me
It's just a real way to just like watch somebody play a game with no
BS and some people like that more in stream like everything I said about live stream
So people hate that some people want to just see the damn game
And so, you know, that's well like if you look if you look at the do's and don'ts of how to do stream like that
It'll be like the first rule do not read the dialogue on the screen people hate that
But then you'll see people that do it and they'll use silly voices and then it's suddenly it's funny
Okay. Well, this guy has a million subscribers and he reads the talk on the screen
So that's my that's my pet peeve is reading the dialogue on the screen
Well that and I'd say over-the-top acting. Yeah, that's why I do not like markiplier
Hmm at all. Mm-hmm and everyone will worship the ground he walks on and kiss the office chair
He sits in and no, I don't think he's funny
But over the years we've done this there have been people that are like I don't like olr cuz you guys do blank and I'm
Like, alright. Well, hope you found the show
You do like markiplier is sort of this safe respite that people ran to screaming from pewdiepie. So
Yeah, he's very when he takes a shirt off it's very nice I don't need to listen to him
Can we not? All right. Anyway, let's
How about how about our guests Gabe you get the mic what kind of games you've been playing this week? Oh goodness
I didn't let you pimp your game either. Oh, yeah. No, it's okay
Okay, so the games that I've been working on are my
crumple episode 1 and
Kinship now I will and this is how I will pimp it nice and ninja like youtube.com
slash nascent games and a s
C E N T
g-a-m-e-s I just uploaded two new gameplay videos for both games last week and
And for the first time you're actually able to see some early gameplay of kinship and updated gameplay for crumple
So yeah, we're doing really well with that. We recently announced that crumple will soon
Well at some point this year will be also available on an additional platform the Amazon fire
So
So yeah, so that so we've started implementing early touch controls
Yeah, so it's it's it's really really exciting unexpected stuff
Anyway, so yeah youtube.com slash nascent games check us out and we're on Twitter too at nascent games
Now the games that I've been playing. Um, I've normally I mean for a very long time
it's normally Xbox one always has my soul and I rarely touch my PlayStation 4 but
Earth Defense Force 4.1
The game I was yelling and screaming about that needed to be out because it because you know
There was the shadows of new despair only in Japan, but they brought it here
Finally, although it was delayed
Finally, it finally came out. So I'd been all over that game
Just earning whatever weapons I possibly can because that game is crazy crazy fun
and
Been playing that I had I started playing
Oh
goodness, what else I finally started messing around with Killzone Shadowfall because I'm just like
You know because I finally beat last of us remaster because I never played last of us only until the remake for the ps4
And my god, what an astounding game, but most of you probably peed it already. So I still haven't played it
Astounding game absolutely astounding game
But the game I'm you know, so I've been messing with those and of course force of six force of horizon two sometimes
But then I will but I'm waiting for quantum break quantum break comes out next just pre-ordered it today. Yeah
Yeah, I pre-ordered that months ago cuz anything from Alan Wake developer. I'm ready for that. Yes
So yeah, so that's what I've been messing around with
Yeah, Alan Wake is actually on my list to go revisit because Xbox one the backwards
Compatibility thing has been like this really awesome like rediscover games you played like literally it's been a godsend
And I'm gonna talk about that in just a minute because actually the game I've been playing almost
Exclusively this week has been one of those games. Thanks. We'll talk about that a minute
I want to check in with Bri too
But first I want to go to a chat room over at live dot vog network calm because why we are points out
That is ironic a game about a scrap of paper on a device called fire
But if you actually play the little demo
There's there's like actually fire is kind of a big deal in this game spot-on spot-on remark. Actually, I love it
In the chat room. There are people fussing at me because markiplier does all this great work for other people
That's not what I was talking about at all. Mm-hmm. I was just saying he's not funny, right?
So you can still appreciate like oh this person does good charity work, but I don't really like well
I don't watch their TV show, you know that type of exactly
Exactly. It's kind of like I feel like there's like actors and actresses like that
I would say Angelina Jolie, but actually I really do love her and I will watch anything she's in so I can't that's not the best
It's like everyone on the cast of Big Bang Theory may be great brilliant wonderful people, but I don't watch the show
There's a great exam because it's fake nerd. Yes
Perfect. I love that
It's it's nerd humor for people who aren't you can love Mayim bialik and think that show is she I love her so much
You can love will we and not like I have learned so much from her about neuroscience and being Jewish
fantastic
Bree your gaming week how what kind of video get I I know I know you're no more the business
Surely you take a break with a game once in a while. Yes
I am reminded that I need to play the games and just promote the games
so I
Participated in my first marathon last year and that did not end. Well, so what did I do to console myself?
I bought a game and that was Yoshi's wooly world. I
Love Yoshi's wooly world. Why are we why are we like confessing this like we're at an alcohol rehabilitation clinic
It's so cute
You know what it doesn't it does not matter gamers are gamers and I have to show Bree what I got hold on keep talking
So I I've been playing Yoshi's wooly world and I'm actually progressing through it
And I'm really proud because my gameplay lasts all of 20 minutes and then I get frustrated and then I stop
it doesn't matter if it's a mobile game or if I'm playing on my Xbox one and
Make a yarn Yoshi and it's the first time I see it and I want to just cuddle with it
How cool
See, so I was gifted a Wii U for my birthday
But I don't have any fun amiibo or anything. Like I don't even know what to do with that. I
Here's a tiny one you can cuddle with that's out of the box
And I also started playing never alone on my Xbox one and I really admire that game because of the
Story behind it and the purpose behind its creation. So I would love if I were to get into game development
I would love to do something that represents my Hawaiian culture because there is a whole story there
That's not told hula is not like a sexual dance at all
But you know not a lot of people know about those things. So that's what I'm playing now
That is an awesome like I never alone was was really cool in that regard like that it kind of blended the whole like
Education, I don't want to say you're not education in the way like Carmen Sandiego did education
But you know like just like you kind of like oh, I'm learning something about
You know, maybe something I would have experienced otherwise, which is why diversity is. Yes. It is important in games. Yes. So anyway
Great. Thank you for sharing about your week. All right
My gaming week, so I mentioned there's been a game that I've been playing a lot on Xbox packers compatibility
So here it is. Here's the funny thing. It was on the Xbox 360, but it actually didn't start there
This game is like 20 years old and it's I really believe this is like
One of the best video games ever made and we talked about it a lot on the show
But I haven't really revisited this game in a long time
But I have fallen in love in love again with Castlevania Symphony of the night
That is a game that I'm sure most of the people listening have bought at least one
I'm sure I'm sure and I've like three copies. It's not the first time I've played it people. Oh, yes star Sakura
For copies of it
No, and I actually you know what?
I was actually thinking today as I was playing through the game again because you know again
It's been when was the last time you went for two hundred point six percent in the game or more?
It's probably been a long time for most of you
So I think I really love that this backwards compatibility has made me revisit some things and what was funny is that I got a new
Achievement in the game today, right and I looked at my history
Okay, here's the here's the hilarious thing. My other achievements in the game were unlocked on
March
27th tomorrow, right
2007 oh wow. Oh my god, if if leap year. Mm-hmm
Existed. Mm-hmm. It would have been two days before I know
But anyway, I was thinking as I was playing today
I was like I really need to harass dark Sakura to figure out how to get a
Saturn from her for a little bit and a copy of the other I could just give Alan back his
Perfect so I can
Okay, so yeah so I can experience this because I've never played the Saturn version and I like I must play Maria's story
It's all Maria is like the most overpowered character in the history of anything. That's okay
All you have to do is stand in a corner and do the Santa you attack over and over and it's this big
Blue dragon that just flies all over the screen and you can control it too. So it's like hi
I'm completely overpowered and she has I don't did you did you play?
Dracula X any at all. Uh, I played a little bit. I played the the Super Nintendo port, which wasn't
Maria as playable in that one. I played a little bit you brought it to an episode of all our ones I did but
She's like kind of hard. She's easy and hard at the same time because her attacks are really useful and she has her animal friends
but
She's way overpowered in in not turn in the moonlight. Mm-hmm. I have that on the turbo graphic 16 actually
So, yeah a person owed us a hundred bucks and paid us back with that
So that that's just like rediscovering
Castlevania Symphony Night because I don't I find that you know, it's been what like nine years since the last time I played I don't
Remember where I like it. I remember. Oh, yeah, I have to get missed for this
I have to get the bat which came first we get the miss first the bat first
I don't remember it's been so long. So I had to you know, and actually at one point I was like Alan
Do you remember where the miss thing is? Cuz I can't find it. What we still have a strategy guide for it
Oh, yeah heat. Well, he just went to game facts or something. Yeah, so I cheated for you so that you had plausible
Yeah ability exactly. So I'm I have I haven't looked at a single guide
there's only two things only two
A
Armor only two things you ever need in that game. One of them is the walk armor
The second one is the Yota tuna
Which you can only get from one creature and it has a 1% drop rate. Oh, yeah, I've heard about that
But when you have the Yota tuna, it may not be the strongest weapon, but it's the fastest and it hits multiple
Yeah, that's awesome. I spent three hours getting one
It's when you were revisiting that game we noticed that
One of the things that's so fun about it is that the eat the monsters they're all so melodramatic
Like when you kill them, they're like bones everywhere in flames and whining and crying. It's like this is a little plant creature
There's 20 of them on the screen and they're all gonna go through this
Oscar performance because just because they die like a thousand bones very very little stem
Yeah, or you killed the little the little sword lady ladies, yeah, yeah, they'll go and then when you kill
Noises and then like they they fall over in these big explosion anybody this place
Are you like your best fight?
Anybody this place to be tonight recently knows exactly what the hell I'm talking about the blood zombies
I hate them that noise they make when the blood fountains out, but I'm like, that's so gross
And they all do it every time
What is a man so?
Miserable pile of secrets the horrific voice acting of the PlayStation 1 era just I'm interested in this
I'm interested in this. I'm interested in this. It's like can I just buy potions without having to hear you?
Alucard, I'm interested in this shut up
Little fairy flying around with you. There is something funny about this wall and you want to know what's funny
It's actually just as annoying in Japanese
it literally is just
Alucard still has this gorgeous rich voice and it's really annoying either way
It's just like they talk too much
Stopped so yeah, I just you know, I know we've talked about this game on other episodes and it's a classic
But just I'm just reminded this week. There's a damn good reason for that
you know, you can go back to this game and just fall in love with it all over again and
You know the 50,000
Games like it that have come since you know what?
Even close which you know which but I see my other the castle thing is probably honestly in like my top three games of all
time but like the number one is going to be Super Metroid and it's like
You might as well have just named like two of the same thing for your name
It's because they have so much in common, but yet they don't you know, so I just so so good
Nothing had the ending of Super Metroid. No, nothing especially the first time I saw that I I almost cry
Yeah, the end of that like save the animals. Yep save the Metroids
So there was that and that is honestly taking up a big chunk of my gaming week
But there's been some other stuff too actually on Steam, you know, I'm a retro guy. I love my retro stuff
So on Steam this week, I actually did pick up
Atari vault came out this we heard about steam how much is that it is
I think they have a discount this week only where it's 1699 as opposed to 1999 for all of the Atari for all of it
So here it's like a hundred it's a hundred different Atari games arcade and 2600
So here's the thing. They took that iPad app and iPhone app they have and they ported it to the PC
It's that so at first glance I was like, oh they just ported the app and they got rid of all the mini
Transactions you just pay for the whole damn thing in one swoop
But the good thing is as opposed to my iPad or iPhone
I actually have tangible controls like the way this thing is meant to be played
I have to use my thumb or anything ridiculous like that, right? So that part's cool. Um, but
Yeah, I feel like they actually have added to it as well because the cool thing is on Steam
You can actually do multiplayer through Steam and that in itself is like, okay shoot. This is cool
This is different and there's leaderboards, you know achievements things like that
so and the achievements are not easy like the only one I've gotten so far because
I have played a shitload of yards revenge one of the greatest
600 games ever made right? Yes, one of the achievements is you have to be able to shoot the flying spiral
Not just kill the base, but shoot the flying spiral and that I get that I can do
Oh my goodness
That's how you unlock Howard Scott workshop initials you have to shoot the flying spiral then you fly into the pixel the dead pixel
That's like on the right hand side of the screen
muscle memory from when I was like seven this is
It's that's been the cool part about Atari vault is almost called that Atari party
But you might as well it might as well as well. It was sorry party is kind of getting to revisit all that
So yeah, so I'll try vaults on Steam if you are a retro whore like me
You're probably gonna love it if you're not then
Don't but I think I think there's a lot of good stuff in it
Or I would say if you did buy the whole thing on iPad or iPhone or I'm sure it's on Android, too
Maybe you don't need it twice depends on what you want if you want it on Steam
I think it's I think it's still a good deal. So check that out
But that's really made up the bulk of my gimme week. I guess I've had a very retro week screw new games
Not really. Hey, if it's any consolation I played I played Little Nemo Dream Master on my NES sweet
I just got picked it up last week. So yeah
What's funny is that Castlevania Symphony of the Night has also made me go I
Really want to play Simon's Quest again?
Only on the Wii U because you could save it whenever you want that is because otherwise
God forbid you didn't find the red jewel now, you got to go back
Alan do you wanna say something real quick? No. No, I thought you were
Know that you mentioned Little Nemo the Dream Master. Now. The first level music is in my head. I
Love the music in that Capcom. Why can't you be that awesome anymore? Oh
Because Street Fighter 5
Which is a disappointment. Oh, thank you for reminding me the other game. I played this week Pokken tournament. Ah
nice
You thought I was gonna say Street Fighter 5
No, I've been playing the game that everybody quit Street Fighter 5 to play which is which is Pokken boss
Which I fight I beat the Green League. Whoo
I'm better than beginner. Yeah, I'm not so beginner, but it's still kind of bad
There you go, and then Alan for some reason doesn't like Alan thinks I'm very cheap when I play Pokken
Right. It's just the character that you play
Braxian Brax, there's lots of projectiles and you just sort of spit fire at them and the enemy just kind of maybe it's the difficulty
You're playing on but they really just kind of get the shit kicked out of them. I'm like they can't even move Alan
I'm just that good. Yeah that guy
I
Just like Braxian because she's funny. So there you go
I do like her super where it's all like hearts and rainbows and pretty princess magic and then why I had the player and then
It's like okay. Well that just blew up and killed that person. So great job. Thanks rainbows
Thanks killer rainbows
Anyhow, some quick housekeeping then we're gonna get into news tonight. So we will not be here next week
There will be no show next Sunday because Alan and I will be out of town and we're like getting back at six o'clock
So we'll be back too late for orange lounge radio
But you know, we'll we'll see you guys in two weeks
And actually it's gonna be a double weekend because sack IG sack IG DA in the arcade is going to be that
Saturday and then that Sunday there will be a new OLR. So that's gonna be a very busy weekend
So you get no OLR next week, but you get like twice the broadcasting the week after to make up for it
Oh, yeah, so some of those things let you deposit an episode of the bank and you get much more
Alright, so that's that's really uh, that's really all we have for housekeeping
Otherwise, follow us on twitter twitter.com slash OLR. We're all we're also on facebook facebook.com slash orange lounge radio
We are overdue for some news. We're only an hour and eight minutes. We haven't touched a single news story yet
So let's get to it Alan starting us off tonight within the last week
The internet was all a flit a buzz about yet another leak of the Nintendo NX
Controller and allegedly what it what it looked like like whether it was a proof of concept or developers kit or whatever
So all of these sites, you know when a leak like that is released
If it's hard to verify
They're like, okay
Well, our competitor sites are getting clicks on this so we need to run this story too so that we're not
behind
but the whole thing was fake and that was confirmed by the two people that um
Did the mock-up of it? It's just all fake. It was all fake. It was an incredibly elaborate fake, too
Yeah, like it was very well done
I mean you could have fooled me and we did we talked about it last week on this show and we entertained it and I'm
Sure, there's some people that want to be like haha you fell for it, especially like because you know
there are some things about that leak device that lends reason to be critical of Nintendo and even I
Was not a fan of the fact that there were no buttons
But I still think you know
There's a lot of people in the community that are talking about this right now and we don't necessarily break news on this show
We discuss what's being talked about in the gaming community
So, you know, I kind of kind of don't apologize in that regard for talking about it last week
But I think we've all learned, you know
We've got to be a little more cautious with some of these leaks is that Wow
Photographs are getting more and more and more convincing because I mean if you think about it
Even though like the reddit team and I'm not singling them out on purpose, but it's just who comes to mind
You know, they were trying to figure out
Oh, it was this particular developer office in Sweden based on the tree
That's for a reflected in this and the fact of the keyboard all this shit. Okay, it's like Mulder calm down
Yeah, there's all this no but my point is there's all this detective work going into it and still couldn't tell it was a fake
so
You know, and I'm sure there's some people out there. They're like, I knew it was a fake the whole time
Yeah, well, you know, we didn't have the receipts really so, you know now that they've come out and said that it was fake
It is what it is, but I hope if nothing else
maybe Nintendo because they're
The reason why a lot of people were so ready to believe what was seen is because it matched
The patent that had been filed previously, right?
So that's why there were so many people that were ready to believe what they were seeing because it was in line with the patent
That Nintendo had filed
So I hope if nothing else
Maybe Nintendo at least did hear some of that feedback and so that they do make sure whatever it is
They're doing does have
Buttons or you know some of the other, you know things that people were complaining about last week me for me
It's really the buttons. I don't it's cool
If they want to do the whole thing a touchscreen or whatever and they want to change the shape
I don't really care about any of that. I just I need tangible buttons. That's what separates my console from my iPhone, honestly, so
but I
I really wish I really wish Loki was here to give us a follow-up
But we'll have to check in with him in a couple weeks when we're all back
Let's see going to our chat room over at live dot vog network comm yyr said this dude on neo gaff made a mock-up with
a 3d printer s class troll lol lol lol
Dark Tetsuya says I just don't get the motive for going that far out of their way to deceive people
But that's just me. Well that dark Tetsuya. The answer is because the internet
For three whole days or however long you got one over on all of the internet
Yeah, and you got to see all these sites running your bullshit. I literally that dude was masturbating to those Kotaku articles
I'm sorry to be so vile
but that's why people do it because they're just like oh man Kotaku just ran or
Some people like boobs
Like attention
Other people that's right for stealing my joke. I'm sorry. I'm sorry other people like buttonless controllers
some people like fakes
Some people like fake boobs
All right, I just hurt my eyes rolling them
Anyhow
Let's see s 200 Matt says buttons are not just preferable for some people. It's necessary for disabled gamers
I hope Nintendo considers this. Hmm. That is an interesting
Conversation that came out of it came out of it. Kai judo says I don't mind it
They fool us for a few days than say it was a joke. No harm done
That is a good point. At least they did come out and say okay before y'all get too crazy. We're done
You know, we got what we needed out of it. We've had a good laugh. It was fake
Fooled you April Fool's. Yeah, I was gonna say stay the hell off the internet day
aka April Fool's is
Next week this whole but I'm glad we're not having a show
Are we gonna be in the air in the plane on the first cuz I can't view the internet when I'm 30,000 feet in
The air so that's fine with me. Yes, you can now. Well, we'll be we'll be hanging out with our buddies in Tucson
This is the day before our nerd thing on Saturday. So we'll be hanging out with our buddies in Tucson all day
Eating copious amount of Mexican food. Yeah, however
Please go to mass affecting dot tumblr.com
And look at the glorious joke. I made making a mockery of
April 1st, I
Always always one to self-promote here on the show. All right, because my blog is amazing
so let's talk about some other rumors and things that have a lot of
Attraction on the internet this week
the Nikkei
Japanese news publication was reporting that Nintendo is going to cease
Wii U production at the end of the year to make way for their next platform the Nintendo NX
The publication saying that poorly selling software and lack of interest in the hardware is the reason why production is ceasing
Nintendo of course pretty swiftly denied this
In a statement here, I'm trying to see where the actual quote is here on the statement
The news did not come from Nintendo
Of course and the company is still going to produce more hardware units during the next fiscal term and beyond
So they said Nintendo said the Wii U is seen hit titles recently such as Splatoon and Super Mario maker and Nintendo is going to continue
with shipments so yeah, and I
When I saw that thing I was like there's got to be a mistranslation here or something like why a
Why would Nintendo possible? Well, I don't think it was something it was meant to be announced. It was a leak or whatever
But Nintendo is still planning to release games through holiday
We know that Zelda is going to be a holiday release now granted
I know there's the whole thing like well, it could be an NX game as well as a Wii U game
Well, okay, then if it's a Wii U game
It's still going to necessitate more Wii U units because the Wii U is going to become the budget system
That's what always happens at the end of the life cycle of the games is that you know
They didn't just you know
Kill off the PlayStation 3 the minute the PlayStation 4 came out the PlayStation 3 simply became the budget system
It was the one that was significantly cheaper so you could buy one for your kids bedroom to babysit them all day
That's what's gonna happen with the Wii U
So I had a really hard time believing they would just kill production this year
You would at least have another year or two. That would really be unheard of to just end production the same year
I mean, I would they be trying to force more people to buy the new and I it just seems ridiculous to me
Unless there's something about the NX that makes the Wii U
Redundant, but I I can't really figure that out
I just it would be out of character for Nintendo
There has to be a backwards compatibility thing perhaps on that thing because I mean they did it so well with the Wii and the GameCube
You know, I mean, we're the Wii U and the Wii. Yeah. Yeah precisely
They didn't just murder the Wii now what it could be and I'll give this maybe there's going to be a new
Skew at the end of yeah
They're gonna kill off the existing bundles and they'll have like a and they did this with the Wii
They had a Wii that didn't have what DVD playback or something. Yeah, it didn't have backwards compatibility either just yeah
Something there's something like to like drive down the price even for it's super tiny, too
Yeah, so that I would believe and I think that's where the mistranslation is is that maybe it's not going to be the same Wii U
But there's gonna still be a Wii U and it might just be a different color or a different, you know
It'll just be something a little different. So that's all
Let's see over in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com YYR says the Wii Mini actually had no internet. Oh, that's right internet
That's what it was. Didn't it still have the Wii shop?
Like you have to have the Wii shop. Come on. Well, they stopped the Wii shop
Well, you still access it, but they didn't put anything new on there. Yeah, it's
They'll still happily take your money if you'll give it to them
Oh, yeah, and there's still virtual console things on the Wii shop that aren't on Wii U. Yeah
Um, wow YYR says yeah, no Wii, no Wii shop, no anything. Well, that's crazy
Dungeon Buster says I wasn't sure the Wii U news either
Nintendo had usually ended production of the previous hardware gen after the introduction of a new one. Yeah, so
Anyway, we really don't know anything until E3 happens. That's for sure
Anyhow, Dark Sakura on a different note
Well, there are some interesting things going on
Especially since we've been talking about the whole let's play controversy and the
Copywriting and everything, but there's actually been a copyright filed for that dragon cancer
let's plays in particular and the big reason is that because the game itself is
short and
Rather linear. It's not something that you're going to play again and again and so
Having a let's play of it out
Sort of eliminates the need to have to someone buy it themselves
Especially since they had a small development team and you know need to actually pay their developers
You know for games that have it was actually quoted on here for games that have
More expansive and replayable gameplay having let's plays can directly benefit their developers
And then here's where the actual quote is
However, for a short relatively linear experience like us for millions of users viewers
Let's play recordings of our content satisfy their interest and they never go on to interact with the game in the personal way
We intend it for it to be experienced
They go on to say later on is that people have been posting the entire
soundtrack online
without even linking back to where to buy it from or
even to the game a lot of the let's plays don't link to where they they can get the game or
Soundtracks for themselves. So this actually in a case like this. It does take money from an indie developers pocket
This is money that likely is
What they're trying to live on, you know
so in that way that the let's play ends up being a
Detriment and I will go ahead and read this quote because I really do like it
We
Are asking that you return the favor by creating let's play videos that don't
Just rebroadcast the entirety of our content with minimal commentary
But instead use portions of our content as a context to share your own stories and start conversations with your viewers
Isn't that interesting because I literally had just talked about I believe let's play streams should be this
Versus just flat gameplay that people want to see and here's a game developer kind of saying that is that we want to hear the
Commentary and the talk and the discussion about what this game makes you feel don't just do a straight rip of our game
Well, that's a little different though from a game that talks about the experience of people dealing with cancer in their lives
versus
Mario maker, you know
I was gonna say Borderlands, you know going around shooting people in zero gravity, you know or
Low gravity, you know, it's it's a different story. I don't think that Borderlands really has a
Very or Mario maker has a very deep story
To tell that relates to human experience. Those are escapism
this is trying to get a story across to share an experience and to get a dialogue started and
Doing
The let's plays with no commentary or minimal commentary
Does defeat the purpose the point is to talk about it and start a conversation and I also do agree
You know when you're dealing with
with independent development for games
The let's plays can be good
Advertising to an extent but you have to make it a vehicle for for that, you know
In their quote they really just said can you just link back to where people can buy the game and I was like that is
Really not too much to ask people. Well, see that's that's one another one that they asked is, you know
If you're gonna do something like this donate a dollar or two to the studio if you believe and I'm gonna say that what we
Did has value the small act will allow us to continue to work
So I would actually encourage everyone right now
That's listening to this
You've got a dollar I'm sure you have a dollar if you can pay for your internet access you have a dollar
Go to that dragons cancer calm that dragon cancer calm and give them a dollar
Right now do it. I want to see your receipt. Wow. I think this is the first time in
13 years that Jamie hasn't said give me a dollar. She's saying give somebody else a dollar
You know, it's because I'm actually employed now
And I have been for two years fair enough, you know, you can get me a taco
But I want you I will I will donate all of my I want everyone to donate the taco money
To that dragon cancer calm, um, you know
I'm gonna ask the indie dev in the house your thoughts on this whole situation with the let's plays and everything
Has crumple had let's plays because I know you have a demo out there
There's um, I know a couple of and a couple of folks had had done some twitch streams
The beauty is that my you know, my demo is what I have out there. So that's that
So what they've played in the demo is essentially maybe a quarter of the entire episode
And I think that's where I'm really happy. I I went that I went that route
But you know because what they're playing now, I mean what was in that demo compared to what's in it now
It's not even there's so much more so I'm not even sad about it
But I do I do think it it it's a huge problem
I think it's a huge problem because I mean, let's look I mean, let's look at yeah
Let's look at the steam the steam refund policy, you know, they're trying they're trying to
Extend the the length of time again, you know one can play, you know
Two hours is enough because what if I beat the game in under two hours and I didn't like it
Even though I beat the game. I want my money back
You know what I'm saying?
And it's it's really it's it's so so it's so so tough right now to be able to do that
I thought you have to I mean, I don't want to spend too much time trying to figure out
Suggest other ways that they're like, you know, make you know make up cut those losses. But yeah, it's
We in the chapter we you know, even with myself. We just try to say how else can we can we get?
You know, how else can we market our product how you know, what else can we do apparel?
And things like, you know, you know apparel art things like that, you know other little things that are tangible
This has been my thing with digital versus physical
You know, what's funny what you're saying there that used to be the line that people used to use to justify stealing music
Mm-hmm was the whole well, I bought the poster about the t-shirts with the concert. So I'm gonna take the album
Right, you know or I only want these two songs from this album because the sorry because the rest of the album
Is just awful. So that's why I only style. I downloaded these two songs. These are the only two songs I wanted
I didn't want to pay $15 for it
and and yeah, and you know, but but it's so funny because now we seem to be going back to
That old way of things because you know, it's like how do I prevent you know, my digital product being?
pirated and copied and I had mentioned I affect I sent Brianna a big article about that there was a particular game studio that
can't remember the name of the game off the top of my head, but
They had hit a milestone where they sold 300,000 copies
but they had they had a but there was a pirated amount of 1.6 million and
Most of them were from Russia Brazil Wow, and that that's that's insanity
That's utter insane. So you so they're like, yeah, we've sold we've met, you know, we've sold over 300 grand
In our game, but 1.6 million have sexually stolen it. So it's like what do you put on the box?
Sold 300,000 copies or played by two million, right?
By played by two million pirates. What do you do about that? Yeah. Yeah
Going to our chat over at live dog network calm our pal
Bobby black wolf says there was even that one guy who liked the game, but it was less than two hours
So they wanted their money back. Anyway, I think with firewatch
Yeah firewatch game but like I view it see I view the short games
Especially the ones that tell a story like that like firewatch. I enjoyed firewatch
I didn't like firewatch as much as like gone home or I think everybody's gone to the rapture was my favorite of those
Walking simulators. Yeah
But I still view them as movies
Right movies are only gonna be like two hours and you my god
Do you know how much you fucking pay to go to a movie these days?
But that's the expert but I think that's the thing, you know, it's that perception and that expectation
What we have we sold us have we as indie game developers sold ourselves so desperately short
Because it's like we have to make it free
Otherwise, no one's gonna give a crap about our game and because even my game
I know my crumple game is gonna be short
Hope probably depending on how it's played, but I'm gonna sell it for a dollar this so
This is what blows my fucking mind. You ready? Okay, so
What what was said right there the guy who sold back firewatch because it was too damn short or whatever it I bet
that son of a bitch went this weekend and
Went and saw Batman vs Superman. Mm-hmm, even when they probably read all over the internet. Oh god
I'm gonna fucking hate this movie. It's gonna be garbage and sad Ben Affleck and oh god
It's gonna be look at the Metacritic rating. It's gonna be so fucking terrible
And yeah, give me a $5 soda and popcorn with that, right? Yeah
Yeah, but then went to Starbucks before that and it's like look and I'm not saying I didn't see Batman vs Superman
I don't know if it's good or bad
My whole thing is that like dude probably talk shit about the movie on the internet went and paid the money to see it
Anyway, but yet wants a refund on firewatch. Excuse me. Yeah. Yeah, apparently it's so bad. It's hilarious
I don't I've heard some people like it. Some people think whatever I haven't seen it yet
I have no I know I'm just saying based based on Twitter, which I judge a lot of things based on what I see on Twitter
It's my perception of the entire world
It was about Batman vs Superman, but we don't need to go down
And and funny enough this happened to um, there was a guy in the news about someone someone had pirated. I think it was
Diablo 2 or something like that Diablo 2 and finally actually like paid for it like 19 years later or something like that
I don't know if it was Diablo 2, but they did that. Okay, since you brought that up
Do you know what's fucking crazy about that story Jamie? Did you did you hear about that story? Huh?
So apparently
Someone I think it was Diablo 2 someone had pirated a copy of Diablo 2 like 19 years ago
And they and they just put in the news like a dick couple days ago that that person who pirated it
Finally bought the game. Okay, you know, yeah, here's the punchline. It was shivam
Why really? Yes, our old pal that we used to play DDR with what that was him. Oh
My god, yes, cuz I saw I read about it on his Twitter feed on his that was not
That was not what I was expecting you to say
These years later and I'm like, oh my god, like he yeah, he's been all over the
Tacos and all that stuff like dude pays Diablo developer 40 bucks. Yeah, it's our old pal show him
We just play DDR with oh my good. Oh, I just outed him as a DDR player, too
Sorry
Now looking up his name no, I was okay with people knowing that I was a thief but a DER person
Yeah, I have I have limits don't put my business in the street wrong
You're just in Sacramento. Stop doing that
But that scares me though, like that scared that scares me as a developer that scares the hell out of me
It's like how much super impressed after years of actually not talking to him that I remember his last name. Yeah
Right, and it's it's one of those things were like if you know the guy like, you know
We just played either are with him like when I read that this didn't surprise me whatsoever. Like this is just
Like when I when I heard he did this I was like, oh, yeah
Even though I probably last like saw him in person probably like ten years ago. This is still doesn't surprise me whatsoever
Anyway, it's funny. Yeah. Well, I mean again it you know, I think just as a
As a you know as a chair for the chapter, you know, you know and Brianna and I we just we just
Try to give all the suggestions that we possibly can to just market your stuff
I mean, I have to remind myself Brianna has to tell me sometimes Gabriel, by the way, don't forget this
Don't forget that because it's the only way you know, that's gonna help you get that word out there
So, I mean, it's yeah, it's a meant that digital meant to help us, but it's biting us in the ass
All right. Well, let's let's move on. I this let's play thing really doesn't have an easy solution
I'm really curious to see what's gonna happen legally with this stuff as something like twitch gains more and more and more traction
But honestly and like I I do a little bit of streaming myself. I don't do a lot of it
I really need to do more admittedly as a media personality or whatever the hell you want to call it
I need to do more of it, but I have no problem like linking back to buy the game
Duh, like why not? Yeah, that's give me good reasons
Why not because I can't think of any so anyway, let's move on with some more news Alan
So it has been rumored that they a Sony is making a PlayStation 4.5
Console, which is that sort of the pet name that the rumor Mills given it
Digital Foundry released a report that says that the existence of this thing has been corroborated
From independent sources and it's been independent which sort of sounds like my friend who I can't tell you who he is
But he's like super serious and he works there like it sounds like one of those
But apparently a prototype exists and Sony devs do have it and are messing with it
The speculation now is what would a PlayStation 4.5 be in relation to the current one?
Would it be a replacement like it would be the PlayStation slim where they're just like if you buy a PlayStation 4 it will be
this version
Will it be something that is only advertised to those that have the technology like a 4k TV that can use it
Like you absolutely do not need this unless you're goddamn loaded and you have the TV then we've made this for you
To cater to the the bleeding-edge people or will it be a weird sort of?
3ds versus new 3ds type console where it's like a side grade
But then I guess from the Digital Foundry report the see the GPU that they would put in it is so powerful
It really is something that could wait for like a next generation release
So why would they spend the money? It wouldn't be very affordable to put that in for something that would just be a side grade
It's better than 4.5
And Gabe can probably attest to this a little bit
Even programming for HD and doing graphics for HD is a bitch
Can you imagine 4k?
Well, that's just it because you know and again you you touched upon this earlier when you were talking about
The the NX controller without the buttons all we know when someone said in the in the in the room about you know
What about those who need the buttons because you know of disabled players and such it would be the same thing here
you know like people can barely see you know, like
Okay, watch out watch the my and by the way most like my I am funny
I shouldn't be complaining my my thumb had hit the switch and my mic was off and I was talking a minute ago
Thank you, so because yeah, it takes so much and what and the problem is is that you know for for reading
It's really difficult for the just the the average person just really like what is that saying in there? Oh my god
I need I need a tube TV. So yeah. Yeah 4k. No, thank you. We're not ready yet
Why why are in chat did say that the rumor is that it's going to be capable of 4k media playback
But it's not gonna do anything for the games that makes a little more sense since yeah
You know the devices in your living room aren't just for games anymore and that makes a lot more sense. Mm-hmm
All right. Well, let's move on and talk about some more rumors
It's like an all rumor edition of
Orange lounge radio, but apparently actually I think Microsoft is actually
Clarified this one here. So
Microsoft recently did a customer survey talking about digital trade-in which started this whole thing that all
Microsoft's looking at doing digital trade-ins. Well Xbox games marketing
Aaron Greenberg actually mentioned on Twitter
We are not actively planning such a thing always asking questions to understand the needs of our fans
No need to worry and in a reply to games analyst Michael patcher. I'm sorry. I always say it wrong games analyst
Michael patcher said we are not actively planning such a thing surprised
It was even asked in a survey not fire being played with so if you were excited about the digital trade-ins just wait longer
Isn't that what they got?
Obliterated over the that's sort of the theme. Oh, no, no
No, nobody would have cared if you could actually trade in your digital games
But it was the whole fact that it was going to be that the disk things would still be tied to your console
That was the whole it was like a license that was bound. Yeah, exactly exactly
That was the thing that was getting rubbing people the wrong way. But what do you three was that?
2013 12. Yeah, I think 13. Yeah
Because then there was the one where like well that was in the whole pre build-up and that nothing was out yet. Yeah, and then
Sony came out on the stage and
Literally punched them in the face with the whole video that said they literally did it like you came out with a big
Honestly, that's what it felt like did you all did you all not see Microsoft getting punched in the face of that e3?
That's gonna be awesome. We look back at the decade in gaming
That's gonna be one of the top ten moments easy for the record. Hmm the misuse of the world literal
Figurally makes my head explode. I
Literally am not sorry
I
Agree with you. I agree with you Jamie
Well, then why don't why don't you tell us a literal news story over there at our soccer
Well
You know, it would actually help if it had pulled up and not frozen on me. There we go. Okay, so minecraft stuff
We like minecraft only
Yes, I used to like my I've never played it and I'm not I'm not trolling sort of goodness
Never played minecraft and I thought I was living under a rock not playing the last of us
Minecraft for me is just oh
Happy quiet music dig holes dig holes. It's a Zen game. It's a very Zen game to play is
so
Minecraft is getting another real-world crossover
There
Is a tech conference in Norway called the gathering and they're hosting a live concert in
Real life actually know they already did this according to this. Sorry. They hosted a concert in real life and in Minecraft
so
They have volunteers
Um
Mimicking the artists in Minecraft that you know, the ones that were parading on the stage
They're having it do it in Minecraft with people playing it
So and it was a pretty big deal from what I can tell
so
Yeah, there apparently was only room for like 3,000 people on the server for that
I'd love to know if anyone actually watched this thing and what they thought of it. So
That sounds awesome, yeah, I think so kind of like Second Life and almost sounds like what's second
Flying dicks
Show up in Second Life
All right, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates
Let's look at some video games coming out this week around the world
Starting off with Allen's gonna help out with the US States since Loki's not here
So it looks like a shit ton of oculus drift games are coming out this week
Oh, could that be because the oculus rift retail release is happening. I think so
I'm sorry not oops scratch that not retail release, but the like the first
Version is finally hitting the hands of like real people. Okay, so for the oculus rift
We have a drift adventure time at Magic Man's head games blaze rush chronos dead Street or dead secret
Excuse me, Eve gun Jack. That's my drag queen name. I'm kidding
Eve Valkyrie fly to Kuma keep talking and nobody explodes
Lucky's tail ratty radial G
smashing the battle and
Winlands that's the big lineup for oculus rift. That's all on the 28th tomorrow. Sounds good
29th we've got killer instinct season 3 Minecraft
Story mode episode 5 order up and they'll be 16 the show. Yay another annual sports game. They get shit out, you know every
13 months look some people love. Yes. I know there. Yeah, don't poop on them
Night, cry Knights of Azure for ps4. No time to explain ps4 the Walking Dead Michonne episode 2 give no shelter
on epic for the ps4 and ps Vita great game
Epistory typing chronicles for Windows. I wonder if that's typing to the dead alternative who knows
Ashes, maybe what Mavis beacon evolved into finally the final this is my final form
jjjkkkk
Ashes of the singularity
Hyperlight drifter for Windows and Mac Oh out sleeping dogs definitive edition for Mac
Which is worth noticing just because it's a it's a game not made by Blizzard for the Mac. That's you know
triple-a title
star ocean integrity and faithlessness
For ps4 and then taking it to the first which is I think the end of next week Adam's venture
origins for a Windows ps4 and Xbox one and then stick bold
Exclamation point a dodgeball adventure for Windows. Is that related to Dax exclamation point? I
Don't think so, I think that game knows the lyrics to I will survive
Anyway, not everybody's gonna understand that that's okay. Is that it? Yeah, I finally get that
Moving on let's go to Japan. Let's all go in a plane right now
Okay, since we can't let's look at their release calendar
So March 31st on the PlayStation 4 sees star ocean 5
Integrity and faithlessness which Alan just mentioned is also coming out in Japan this week as well as winning post 8
2016 please note. This is not actually a game about post horses. That's right
It's a horsey game and they love horsey games in Japan in chat ikuma son says, oh, yay. Welcome to Japan
That's right. We're all staying at your place
Yeah, I think you missed the episode of Kuma where we actually talked about we're coming to Japan and crashing at your place
So hope there's room. All right anyway
On the Vita Kona Ozora needs to bust out. Whoa, he'll get a cruise sign
Comes out in regular and limited edition. I'm assuming this is based off an anime called cruise sign
I am NOT up to up on my anime
But that's what this kind of looks like here
dating sim
visual novel
What you know, you love those so why not and then on the 3ds this week nothing
Nothing in Japan this week on the 3ds actually wait April 2nd
Yokai-san go kushi not to be confused with
Yokai watch this is oh, no, it is it is the characters from yokai. Well, I take that back
it is the characters in yokai watch in a
Different type of game this looks a little bit more like some type of
Tactical type of the romance of the three kingdoms. It actually means
Records of the three empires. So it's yokai watch three romances. Well, that's an interesting little crossover there
So yeah, I'm assuming that's gonna be the big release in Japan this week then because yokai. Yep
So coming out in the UK just a few things on the 28th. We have a drift for PC and
we have gun jack and
pinball FX to VR and then on the 29th, we have Resident Evil 6 for ps4 and
Xbone
Sorry Xbox one
The Xbone, you know
I'm innocent and no one saw that except us
That's it
La la la. All right, just a couple more stories for you guys
And then we're gonna get to the classic game of the week Rob's real favorite game
I I'm so excited about this week's classic game. You guys don't I can't even I literally cannot even but first Alan
Game stop for their shareholders having a rough time
A game shop share game stop shares are collapsing after the company said it expects sales to fall this quarter
So they put out, you know a release saying hey, we know what our numbers are looking like
So we're you know, it's not gonna be a surprise. This is what's happening. And of course
Shares fell as much as 7% I don't really actually to see if this has
This
Story caught me by surprise so close after the release dates, so
So game stops in trouble, basically
yeah, they're losing money which I don't want to say yay cuz like people work there and a lot of people who love video games
get their foot in the door by working at GameStop until they
Become jaded and miserable and leave because they're apparently not really a good place to work for really
I'm not gonna shit on the employees really because do you know what I was gonna say about GameStop?
Regardless of what they represent like people who absolutely have to buy their groceries at Walmart because that's what they can afford
Don't hate on them hate the fact that just Walmart's a big gross company. All right. All right
Yeah, I think as of March 24th they were
They they were 30 bucks a share which doesn't really seem all that bad to me but
Well, if the company used to be like $60 a share now, they're $30 a sure it actually would be so it's not even like
They're there in their death throes, you know
Get get ready to put them on a boat and set them on fire and kick them out to see it's not to that point
Yet they're just they're not doing well
But
But but they're gonna they're gonna make all that money through nerd licensing and they're gonna they're basically gonna become hot topic
But instead of like shirts for your favorite topic is the video game hot topic
You know, it's like half kirby t-shirt Zelda t-shirts. That's true. It's like instead of the metal band t-shirts
It'll be like oh and here's our used. It's all Kingdom Hearts and Adventure Time, which I'm all for that's true
I'm like, I'm fucking 37 years old still shop a hot topic cuz that's where I get some really funny shirts
So, what can you do and they got think geek now too, I think yeah, they're thinking with merchandise soon
Well, I know GameStop's also been getting into that whole like use tablet and like, you know devices
so, you know that I will give them at least that as much as you know,
I have to razz on in a little bit cuz you know GameStop at least they are trying like they can kind of see the
end coming so they're really trying to
like
Think fast and not have that happen
So, all right
Well, anyhow, let's move on one more story here and then we'll get to the classic game of the week
And this has to do with making your own steam controller. That's right
You can just if you have the technical know-how, why don't just build your own damn controller. You think it's so easy
You think you think we charge too much of this controller here go build your own damn controller because valve
Actually released the CAD files the computer-aided design CAD files for the steam controller
They actually post it on Steam. Here's a zip file. And if you have the technical know-how, you can actually use a 3d printer and
Be on your way like you know
You're gonna have to know the technical know-how to like wire it together and shit
But if you are that person go ye forth and build your own steam controller
That is kind of crazy for a company that is first getting into hardware like valve to be doing that but I found that
fascinating
But valve does say as far as commercial use goes valve will have to approve designs and give permission
Before users are allowed to sell their work because you know right now somebody is like, okay
Well now these CAD design is out here. How do I place these two directional pads right on top of tits?
Somebody is thinking that right now
So if they want to be able to sell that commercially
They're gonna have to get valves permission and I can think I think Lord gave him in his temple Michael
No, so, you know, I I don't think I don't think the tit controller will actually be available or balls whatever you're into
You know, there's some somebody's trying to figure. I will allow a half-life episode 3 before I let those things
We all know how that's gonna go down
Akuma JP in our chat over at live dot vog network comm says darn there goes my idea. Well, I'm sorry. Sorry
Sometimes we break the difficult news here on this show. I'm sorry to say. All right
Let's get to the classic game of the week every week dark soccer steps into the gaming vault
And she finds a game that she thinks hey you insufferable little brats of the world. I mean you adorable children
Why don't you take a take a look back on a classic game at least 10 years old that you need to respect?
Respect
Because all future games have this game to thank for where they come from
And I think that's especially true about this week's game
Which I'm so glad you decided when we have such esteemed guests here from the Sacramento IGDA
I'm so glad you picked this dark soccer this we had to pick it out the classic game
I had to pick it out from a bin under the bed that was covered in dust bunnies
And then I like how to make sure the cat didn't pee on it so so what is it what is this week's classic game?
Of the week shy swirled. I mean spice world
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yeah, it's appropriate because we had the the news of the 20th anniversary tour this week
So this is this is by the way
Hello, by the way. Hi there. How are you doing?
By the way
This game. I'm sorry. The Spice Girls are celebrating their 20th anniversary this year
How old are you?
All right quiet. We're trying to do a segment here. He's my segment. I was only three years old when wannabe came out. Yeah, right
This game well, I believe that this was what 1998 yeah
Yeah, well the Spice Girls were really only around for about four years so yeah, I had to be he was hilarious
I love the movie. It's so bad. It's
Meatloaf and back before like he was like fucking crazy meatloaf and Richard O'Brien and ab fab girls
Like it's oh my god. You showed me that movie when we started dating and he didn't dump me on the spot
I was really I was super on board with it until the aliens showed up and I was like, okay
Is this for real? Is this really happening in this movie when the flying saucer came?
I was hook line and sinker and that that was what broke it for me
So
To move on
Basically in this game you have to prepare the Spice Girls for a live
Television concert and you have to teach them their dance steps because they don't know this by heart
You have to choose what song to perform and the sequence in which the songs lyrics will be sung because without
Teleprompters, how are they ever gonna remember their lyrics?
you know, so
So then you play once you get all of that put together
You play as the camera person and you pick what shots will go and the angle and everything
So you were basically their manager designer?
camera person and PR
and then
You also get instructed by it says a disco King
let's do so anyway, the Spice Girls all it's all their voices in here and
Who cares about the game because the Easter eggs are hilarious
so first of all
In the menu, you have the mixing room dance practice dance record television studio spice network and options the songs in the game
Are wannabes say you'll be there
Who do you think you are spice up your life move over and if you can't dance is in the intro to become one is
Only in the spice Network and naked is only in the spice Network. So this game
got a
Two out of ten from IGN
3 because you can't spell ignorant without IGN
It got a 2.3 from EGM electronic game monthly gaming monthly
There's a reason why they're out of this game. We know why they're gone
I'll blow low gave them 2.3 out of 10 now a gamer which I don't think I've ever heard of
Was 2.5 out of 10 and the New York Times said it was unfavorable
New York to reach that rag
And
Out of the game rankings site they got
40% out of four whole reviews. So what about all the good things spice world did it's still better than et apparently
It kept meatloaf relevant for a while. I have had some of the biggest laughs
I have never liked some of my best gaming memories are actually with this game because I laughed so hard that I
Actually peed my pants like it is just this game. Is that funny? I'm sorry
Not so I have to give you the codes for this the cheat codes because they're hilarious
There's one called spiffy you dance moves
So you get new moves by holding start and then square triangle circle triangle and you get dance studio and just dance a lot
And then of course, this is PlayStation 1. Okay, then you get naked spice
Ooh
so if you do the hidden messages code and then you do
L1 l2 r1 r2 select and start
Simultaneously to reset the game and you get an alternate title screen that has them all naked except for sitting in chairs covering their bits
Get out. That was a thing. That was a thing. I
shit you not I
Somebody just put that on Wikipedia. Oh
Oh my god, I never knew that was the thing that you could actually do
Rob has to see this. That's okay. You just I'll see you during break. Well, I'm gonna put it in the chat room
Oh, will you now? Oh boy. All right, check that out over at live dog network calm. Here comes some naked spice girls
Naked spice so the premise is that you have to help them with their dance moves and they're remembering the lyrics
Oh my god, cuz it sounds like
it sounds like the game starts off as
The Spice Girls aren't very bright
You need to you need to help them like with their with what they do for a living the part that's killing me
I am like I'm like laughing crying over here. Look at the
expressions on like Jerry's face and like scary space like
fucking scary spice is like spread-eagle in that chair going
No, that's posh in the middle oh
My god, I'm scary is the one on the left looking like a rabbit, honey. I know my Spice Girls
Scarier anyhow, go ahead. Sorry. Sorry, go ahead and finish
Anyway other codes you can get a new title screen
With codes you can get giant spice
So
At the main menu when your characters walking across the globe if you hold start and press circle square circle square
Then they'll grow up to giant size
You also can get the hidden messages. This was the thing that takes you to the naked spice
Where when your characters walking across the globe you hold start button circle triangle triangle circle
And then you'll get a code to confirm and you enter in more shit
You can look this up for yourselves and then the handbag code. This is great
Set the globe you press the start square triangle circle triangle
After that when you go to the television studio when your act is ready
Instead of everyone standing in a line all the Spice Girls will be crowded around a pile of handbags on the floor
That's it
Ah
Game of the year game of the millennia. Really? I mean, is there is there a more important?
I mean, I know I just said that whole thing about Symphony of the Night, but then I'm like, oh, yeah Spice World shit
Like Castlevania doesn't even fucking matter anymore. No, no, what is a man a miserable pile of naked spice girl codes?
Alan I feel like you're dying to say something over there about Spice World. No. No, did you play?
Did you play this game when it was first out? No, you will you know, it's hilarious
Is that our buddy Brad from pod culture celebrated 500 episodes last week in here?
They Brad actually sent me a copy of Spice World for PlayStation 1 and I have yet to do a live stream of it
Cuz I didn't get my PlayStation 3 cuz you have to do like some bypass protection on PlayStation 3 so long story short
I haven't done it yet, but I really think Alan
I think we should sit down and take some serious time to actually play through the game. What do you think? Sure sound like
You're so easy to please
Hello what what I have another game that is
Not oh, yeah, it's it's kind of I guess the same theory
But I'll tell you what at the time I couldn't make my way through the game
but it's on Dreamcast called super producers and it's basically you're controlling a pop idols career and
It kind of makes me think cuz these came out like around the same time
That I wonder if one or the other wasn't the inspiration or something
All
Right. Well, we're gonna take a quick break guys. We're running a maybe a little bit long tonight
But when we come back, I think our guests are still gonna be here you guys do you stay?
Okay, so they're gonna stay a little longer
We'll talk to them a little more and we'll get your calls at one eight seven seven game OLR or username on Skype orange
Lounge radio plenty more of orange launch ready to come when we come back right after this
Welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio live tonight with episode number
636 for this March the 27th of
2016
Joined tonight with our special guests here in studio Gabe and Brianna from the Sacramento chapter of the IGDA
Thanks for having fun with us tonight
I know I know you guys must have loved the spice world pick their classic game of the week. That was
hilarious
Yes
Educational too. Yeah, it was it was educational. It was better than chubby cherub
how how is spice world inspired you as a game designer, um, I
Yes that answer
That's all I've got. Yes. I'm still convinced to this day that the Jerry at that time
Would have probably qualified as a bioqueen
You you have been like all like like drag-queening your life this past week
Not that I'm gonna complain, but I feel like you like just now finally suddenly figured out. Oh, yeah
I should be watching RuPaul's Drag Race. No, it's not just that it's that I appreciate art
and
I have discovered this is an art
And so I have absolutely fall in love with it because you know
I pick an obsession like that lasts me for six months and then I'd move on to something else
It's like Alan playing games
But am I wrong no, I would recommend
It's 25 minutes long
Which is actually sped up from the normal to our process of just watching
Trixie talk through putting on her makeup. Oh, I have and it's a couple times
It's incredible and doing makeup on that other guy the bald guy st. James. Yeah, who is one of the club kids
So I knew him from that. Here's the thing. Here's the thing. Okay, so if
Drag queens are art
And if video games are art
Where is my RuPaul's Drag Race video game?
This is not like I feel like this is an SAT equation
That has not been accurately based channel 5 came out for the second recast in 1999
What's that from here out? I am going to combine dragon cosplay. Oh
Okay, interesting starting with my cosplay this year for gamer X are you are you going as ooh la la
This is a bad list. Okay. All right. I am going I've already decided to do my moto kuma outfit
It's gonna be
I'm actually going to invest in a good wig. I'm going to buy makeup specifically for this
Just remember if you're not wearing nails, you're not doing drag. I'm having bear gloves. All right
Anyway, I'll paint the nails on them fifth dream in chat says drag in age get it
Over here dying over here
maybe
Well, I was not in the first game before
Corrects me with an email. I do know there was an iPhone game that like I think was calling dragopolis or something
Yeah, because I know they were advertising going gamer X but I know it was a runner, right?
Dorian's contour work, but but here's my thing. I need my full like immersive we you
Tablet actually know now I want to aim for PlayStation VR now
I think we should be able to actually walk the main stage
No, just have it on ps4 with an option for VR
No, right for those of us who get completely motion sick and would throw up on the heels. All right, fine fine
Maybe ps4 K. This is this is a use. This is a justifiable use of 4k
I need to see all of the colors and Kim she'll you murder face says it perfectly a drag race MMO. I
Love it. I love it. Why not? But see I I think the cosplay in and of itself is related
I think any dude that's playing a female tune in an MMO is kind of doing a drag race
To begin with
That's just the way I approach things I
Have been considering that cosplay really isn't that far of a step off. It's not
Especially for cross players. Mm-hmm, you know, it's art dress-up is fun period dress-up is fun. That's it
Yeah, and putting on a lot of makeup
That takes an hour. Mm-hmm is very satisfying when you're done with it and even more to wash it off
Why don't you cross play for a sack indie arcade? I bet they'd love that
I don't have a costume for that right now. Just have my I just have my Grey Warden
And I ain't wearing that it then when it's hot. I was gonna say Grey Warden. Yes
I do have my Joker outfit from Mass Effect 3, but if I'm gonna be working all day, I probably it's so it's such a
Like actually it makes me not like night. Hey bitch, I'm hot
Like I know like I'm physically hot and sweaty and fucking nasty
Well, the thing is that as warm as your outfit is I've got more layers on mine
Yeah, yeah, and I was hot in the middle of December at the beginning of December in that thing. So
All right. I I am I am really pleased at how the chat room is really engaging in this whole conversation
I love our listeners fifth dream in chat says I want a rocky horror picture show game
They made two based off the play believe it or not. There was one in on like the Apple to eat all those years ago
Yeah, well it had graphics but it was like derpy graphics. Yeah, it was like the original King's Quest type of graph. Yeah
And then they made one for the revival on CD-ROM in like the late 90s
But it was what you would expect on early CD-ROM games. First double six says drag racing star
A drag racing star. That's actually it's called sing star Abba. I don't know if any of you have it
I do I own that and sing star Queen. So it's kind of I'm kind of already there. I'm one step ahead of you, buddy
Tiger conscious is the drag race game should be Mario Kart style
Sold. I
Agree, I oh man. I
Take a road to a whole new level as I say rainbow road blue shells. Oh
Yes, seriously, like when you blue shell somebody it could be bitch
a
Kuma son says that they wish that they had drag race over there
Yeah, there are ways of obtaining that's right
You gotta you gotta use especially even when we whitelist the logo site and it still won't let us pass the commercials
All right, that was five minutes of drag queen talk here on the show. So there we've met our quota for tonight
Let's go around the gaming industry and do some rapid-fire gaming news help coming late to it. It's fine. It's fine
I'm fashionably late to nobody's perfect. Except me. I understand
All right
Let's do some news real quick very quickly
I believe Ubisoft has Assassin's Creed and Splinter Cell movies coming out historically video game movies
Don't do as well because they're generally not good
a lot of hype is riding on the World of Warcraft movie, but Ubisoft has made it clear that
once Assassin's Creed and Splinter Cell once they come out if really if there's
If it looks like they're gonna make their money back and there's any positive buzz
They're just gonna bankroll the sequels almost immediately. Like they're very interested in making both of those franchises or both of those
IPs franchises, so there's gonna be an Assassin's Creed and Splinter Cell 2 movie unless of course it bombs
Spectacularly and maybe they'll probably make them anyway
As an aside there have been like three or four hitman movies and I've they've had a different dude play
Because I was at Target and I saw the hitman blu-ray and I was like
I thought the drug dealer from go or whatever that guy's name is was the hitman but it's like no they've they made another one
With a different dude in it. Yeah, that's very true. Yep
Again quickly the founder and creator of the oculus rift Palmer lucky
Has worked, you know blood sweat and tears and getting this thing developed and working and to make it a viable
Consumer product that it was just available via retail and wasn't some weird exclusive dev kit and he said damn it
This has been you know, my life's work
I'm not gonna let some scrub at UPS
delivery guy give the first customer
This this baby of mine, so he flew to Alaska to give a pre-order to a dude like two days before everyone else
Making great use of Facebook's billions. Just no I it's cool. I think that's cool
So yeah, everyone else I guess gets theirs tomorrow, but he made a point to fly out
To give this random
Alaska dude his rift
Rock band for say I didn't even know about this rock band for
PC which I believe it's not a Kickstarter. It's a fig. I think it said
Crowd crowdfunding thing harmonics is trying to get a rock band for released unlike previous
licenses on let's say the
PlayStation or Xbox
none of the DLC or
a la carte songs that you would buy for it would carry over even if you own one of those previous licenses because all the
PC is a different
method of
Delivery every iteration of how you could play a piece of IP has to be licensed
Well, if you are willing to give twenty five hundred dollars
To this fig campaign for rock band for to come out on PC. You will get every single a la carte song
That has been that is available on the rock band store
every single song and I imagine that's possible because
What medium or what platform is?
Dot saw song on dogs songs digitally licensed for first
iTunes Amazon Google which are all PC
Methods of
Purchase or Mac or whatever
So I imagine that's how they're able to do that so you can scroll through the entire list and go
I don't know what I want to play
Yes, so for if you have $2,500 you and this game is made as a super hella donor
Whatever you will get every single DLC a la carte song for rock band. All right, I'll get right on that
How's that sound take some of our savings and buy every DLC song ever. Is that sound good? Yes. Yay. I don't need a car. I
I
Need a rock band. I don't need a car
Let's talk about game trailers. I remember it was about a month or two ago game trailers kind of shut their doors suddenly
Well, guess what happened? Some of the team has actually reassembled and now they are called easy allies
You can find that on you know
Twitch and Twitter and all that good stuff and of course
They're on patreon because that's the way a lot of these companies are doing business these days
So, there you go, if you want to check out the personalities from game trailers, they're probably over easy allies now
So check that out killer instinct season 3 is on the way and season 3 can be purchased either through a combo breaker
ultra-edition and supreme edition
Apparently the windows 10 players are gonna get the supreme edition for $10 less than the Xbox one
This is because there is no killer instinct classic or killer instinct 2 classic in the PC version of the bundle
So anyhow, the combo breaker will have eight new fighters including rash arbiter
Kim Wu and tusk that will be available on Xbox one for $20 and then the ultra edition has a VIP
double XP booster retro costumes accessory sets
And a bunch of other crap for 40 bucks and then the supreme edition is crap upon crap in the game for $60 for a lot
of crap
Anyhow, you might be interested
We've talked a lot about Castlevania tonight. And if you are a fan of old-school Castlevania, I'm talking to 8-bit Castlevania
You might want to check out brave earth
prologue brave earth prologue was first announced in 2011 and
This is from the same developer as I want to be the guy
And he's actually went over to steam greenlight to kind of pitch this game and get the game greenlit
So you can check that out over on steam greenlight
Inspired by Castlevania Ninja Gaiden these old games a 2016 release is almost assured
For difficulty settings in the game from I'm assuming easy to dear God make it stop
Let's move on dark soccer
Well, there is gonna be a new gaming show in the UK
Well, it will be on UK TV later this year called Dara O'Brien's go 8-bit and it could suck
It could be good. But basically it's combining retro gaming with the latest technology and
Viewers of all ages so should come out autumn 2016. So
okay, and then
David hater has words to say about Kojima
Basically
He was asked if he was going to play the phantom pain his response was yeah
That'll be 60 hours of humiliation that I can't get to I haven't played the latest two iterations because it's just too painful
And he asked if you would work with Kojima again, and he says I've got no particular love for Kojima
I don't feel any need to go back and work with him again
and
Then last but not least
There we were really quick on the Kojima thing
I think especially because now you actually know the backstory behind this dark Sakura
I think after you talk about like what David hater said about Hideo Kojima you need this
It's the shade button people it's the shade button when you throw when you throw shade, you know
You got to use the little button there. So if I you know say a little zinger like, you know
well, you know we we
Breakups are very hard to get over anyway
so
Also, it could be possible that we may have Tekken 7 on
Home computers on PC
So there were there was a poll out
This one was a very extensive poll asking for impressions of fighters
but also there was a mention about seeing if
There would be any interest in having it on PC, I think this was
Japan only so far
but
Who knows I wouldn't mind it and then we'd all get to mod it and I could have you know
All kinds of pretty things happen on the screen then
All right, we're gonna get to our frugal question of the week
But first I want to point out a kaijuto and chat talking about the shade button says if you have to explain the sound effect
It's not a good sound effect
Thank you for that kaijuto appreciate that you're just feeling left out by the way
I want to apologize some folks in the chat room are complaining
I guess some mic is making some weird noises and unfortunately, one of the things about live radio is that
No, I think it might it's either mine or it's Alan's
I don't know because I know Alan's mic has been having some issues. But anyway
Sorry about that
If you are hearing like crackling or something
It sounds like one of these wires might be dying and to be fair these mics which were graciously donated by our buddy Brad from
Podculture they are reaching
Several years old at this point. I mean they were in the last studio
Yeah, it might be time for a shopping spree
Time to buy ourselves something fancy
Can't wait. So sorry for sorry that you guys are putting up with that. So we'll we'll work on that
Meanwhile, let's get to the frugal question of the week every week
You guys go to our Facebook and our Google Plus communities over at facebook.com slash orange lounge radio and google.com
Slash plus orange lounge radio and we ask a question and you answer it
Over on Facebook and Google Plus we asked we have our special guests tonight from the Sacramento IGDA to talk to us about the indie arcade gaming expo
So we thought we'd ask about indie games
What is your favorite indie or underground game that you've played that you don't think many people have heard about?
So we did a little thing for indie games. So, let's see
Andy are actually replied over on Facebook and said I think a lot of people have heard about it
But guacamelee is probably one of my favorite indie games hand of fate might be a little more obscure
It is one I'd recommend to anyone who is intrigued by a roguelike
where you build a deck of cards that determines the pieces that the roguelike builds on as
G100 Matt says for a long time. I was playing the forest on Steam
The game is a survival horror game with plenty of crafting and jump scares
The game has been in early access for the past 20 months
But excuse me, the creators and dev team updated at least one to two times a month and chat with fans frequently
The game has gone through a lot of changes, but it's a lot of fun
Even though there's no real ending to it yet. I would definitely recommend it to people but keep in mind that it's still in early access
Retertainment says I just got into her story on iOS her stories narrative and presentation hooked me in a way that no other iOS game
Has I don't know how well-known her story is considering the awards at one last year
But her story is a game that should be more well-known than it is
Ragenator says the closest thing that fits the bill for me would be super stardust HD a PSN game on PlayStation 3
When I was a console gamer
This is an early PSN purchase for me and ended up being one of my favorites
Being played regularly up until my system was stolen very addicting. That's a shitty ending though. Sorry to hear about that
Degenerate I remember hearing about that when it happened, but it sucks hearing about it now
Jenner Johnny says I think everyone shouldn't be surprised with my choice. Although many have heard of its controversies and a successful Kickstarter
It's apparent that very few have actually experienced the MMO card game hex shards of fate
It's well thought-out RPG elements strategically structured campaign
Beautiful artwork on its vast library of cards and it's extremely flexible tournament schedules
Hex trading card game has been placed as my favorite indie underground game as well as favorite card game of all time
Fifth dream says I love a game called chroma squad
It's a strategy RPG that simulates running a TV studio shooting a super sentai series
You are the director and customize your team manage their costumes weapons sponsors insurance, even their giant robot
You have to keep awesome
You have to keep your ratings up and fulfill fan requests during TV episodes
One of the fans in the game is me since I pledged to a kickstarter way back when it's a really funny and fun game
And dar Tetsuya on Facebook says I actually completed labulana on Steam a few weeks ago
I can't recommend it enough though. You may want to walk through or some guide to help you if you get stuck
It's very much like Simon's quest as far as hints go my last completion clocked in at 60 hours
So you'll be getting a lot of playtime for the asking price and lastly over on Google+. Josh why said our lux
This is the very essence of an RTS and I think it's the AI that makes it
It doesn't give any quarter and it's always in the balance if you can make it through
So it's available there on Windows and Android and iOS. So you left some little links there over on our Google+. page
So there it is our frugal question of the week any guy anything you guys want to plug here a great indie game
You think more people need to know about?
Without your own game. Sorry Gabe. Yeah, you have to plug that Alan anything that I can think of like for example hotline
Miami incredible soundtrack very violent
There's tons of hype for that game. So everything indie that I can think of
Already has you know?
Momenta behind it like there are no real sleeper hits that no one knows about that. I've played
Hot duffel boyfriend
Because it's great and pigeons
And I know this one is is huge and it's gaining a lot of steam lately
But I still think there are some people maybe in this room dark soccer that very badly need to play stardew Valley
So I'm just saying well and don't forget though about off
mm-hmm and
Great now, I just forgot the name of it and I know the game and I gave it to you Undertale Undertale. Yes
Oh, yeah Undertale
Yeah, everybody knows Undertale. Yeah, but off was really good. It was kind of big on tumblr for a while
Yeah, but I still like my bird dating game. Mm-hmm
Jamie mentioned how to full boyfriend there is a game
that
I'm kind of hesitant to recommend because it is
It's an adult game and the fact that it has sexual elements and it really does hurt
What the game otherwise would be it's called Super Health Club. You've seen me play this game Rob
It's a gay visual novel slash romance simulator where you're at a gym and there are four different guys at the gym
and there is
Explicit there are porny moments. Yes
And it's like if there was a game like that when I was 15
Minus the porn it would have been incredibly important to me to play a game where I could like be a boy flirting with other
boys
Yeah, that's Philip that's the guy who I romance first
So that I think is definitely a game
An indie game that doesn't have really a lot of hype to it
But it would help to be gay and it would be it would help to be okay with that type of content
What was that a Super Health Club Super Health Club? Okay
Indie game Gabe, I mean you've obviously played a lot of them
Yeah, there's so many
I'm gonna I'm gonna totally name something like not recent at all
It's it's actual physical this game on the 360. It's called the El Shaddai
Yeah
Awesome. Yeah
Yeah, that that is um
That was a game. I did not expect whatsoever
Wow, what a game what a game it touches upon a lot of historical religious references, which is something I'd you know, it's
Never it where it's rarely ever executed really well, but El Shaddai on the 360. Oh my goodness
I think it may be on the ps3 also
but but yeah, that was I think it was sort of a sleeper hit because it plays just like
Devil may cry with like the gameplay
But it's a whole different whole different other ball of wax of what's involved and stuff. Nice. Yeah
All right. Yeah, cool. All right
Well, let's move on
We're gonna get back into some other news and then we're gonna open up the skype line here before too long over at
1877 game olr or our username on skype orange lounge radio, but first Alan with another news story. I
Was talking in chat and I got distracted
How about now you good yes, I'm good now, right
Nintendo has applied for a trademark on
Actually, Rob, you may be able to help me with this story and pull it up on YouTube
I'm not putting you on the spot Nintendo apply totally are
Nintendo applies for trademark on the iconic
Mario coin sound which has been a
Notification on people's cell phones for when they get an email. It's a very very easily easily found on the internet
Just a little wave clip of that
Ding or I can't even which actually there isn't one on this story, but everybody knows the Nintendo coin noise. Everybody knows it
I love though that it's actually they have the musical notes written here. Yes, that's
Fantastic, so they're trying to get that trademark
They registered it in Japan first obviously on the J
Platt Pat website and the part of the trademark like you just said is the sheet music of the tone
It's because a lot of ROM hacks or like super super indie
Bike will use that sound effect because it's so recognizable and they kind of want to put
A pin in that and make it to where they can't just be used willy-nilly
Well, obviously the Mario coin sound is iconic
But you know what else to me is iconic is the sound that you get when you get a ring in Sonic the Hedgehog
Yeah, and if you go to a gas station, I swear to God the cast registers some gas station with the same damn noise
I throws me every time I'm like, no no, I'm giving you money
Yeah, it's their UPC scanner. So when they are doing your vitamin water and pack of gum
It's like the sonic ring noise
Yes me out now always throws me is that around the nation or is that just here that like I think chevron?
I feel like has that I don't know but it always throws me
Okay, some other folks in chatter like yes. Yes, they do it is around the nation. Thank you. Okay, it's not just here
Throws me every time
So, there you go, I guess they have to trademark it because the cell phones and people that want that type of stuff so
And
Probably for knockoff things to like, you know
When flappy bird had like pipes that like looked a lot like the pipes and Mario Brothers
Yeah, you know that whole type of thing
So they probably don't want the sound effects in other games because people may confuse it is
A Mario game when it is in fact not well, no Mario games will be available on the Xbox one
But if you do have an Xbox one
There were a bunch of new updates to the firmware that were released this past week
The Xbox a new firmware update went out and it improved Xbox elite wireless controller thumbstick precision
It launched the new Xbox
Accessories app where there's now a page that will show you the firmware version as well as battery status and other details about the controller
And now party chat can be included in twitch broadcasts
So if you're gonna broadcast your game on twitch
You want other people to be able to comment along with that you can now do that through the party chat on twitch
So that's pretty cool. If you're playing like a group game so you can all swear at each other across the entirety of the internet
You know what? I still miss the Netflix party chat
That was all that was probably next to that between that and one versus 100 on the Xbox 360
Don't get me started gay. Forget it. Forget it. Those are my two favorite things. I miss that
You had it yeah
couldn't for those who don't have no idea what I'm talking about Netflix had a
Had a feature where you and like what was it eight people up to eight people up to eight people can all sit in this
Little makeshift theater that Netflix created and you can all watch this movie together
Do you know how bad I know that for watching Pee Wee's big holiday?
Do you know how bad I needed something like that?
Cuz like I needed to be able to talk with Shane or something during that movie
Which by the way, I did watch a couple days. Did you finish it? Oh, yeah
It was it was corny but like there were parts where I like laughed till I cried like it was like really like it's like
Stupid funny. My only issue with it is that it's like pretty much the exact same formula as the first movie
Yeah, no, it's it's it's better than big top Pee Wee that's for sure
But it's probably not as good as Pee Wee's big adventure, but will anything ever be I forgot that the Italian lady in that one
Mm-hmm was also in
Escape from LA
Really no kidding. Yeah. Yeah, she got killed really quick
Well, and what's great is that the you know the waitress that Pee Wee falls in love with and goes to the big dinosaur
And Pee Wee's big adventure. Yeah, she's in this new one. Oh cool
Yeah, so it was really cool to like see but in a different role, obviously
So it was just really cool to see that but the part that killed me
Absolutely killed me for those that have seen the movie
I'm not gonna totally ruin it but it's the part where he goes to the Snake Ranch and they put him in the room and
With the with the the scary snake and that's all I'm gonna say is his reaction to the scary snake
I just I wasn't expecting that so I just cried like I was laughing so hard it was and it's so stupid
Anyway, that's all I'm gonna say those that have seen the movie know what I'm talking about those they haven't will we'll see it soon
Alright, uh, anyhow moving on also about hey Xbox one, not just my Netflix device
you can also do backwards compatibility, which I've been doing a lot of this past week because
Up next on my list after I beat Symphony of the Night is to go back and play Alan Wake before Quantum Break comes out
So anyhow, but other games you can check out right now, you know
Some folks want to go back and play Dark Souls
Before Dark Souls 3 comes out and you can do that now Dark Souls now on backwards compatibility
Yeah, that's good. Also released this past week Tekken tag tournament 2 was a part of the backwards compatibility update
So I got I gotta say a Microsoft's been doing a great job kind of doing the slow trickle on
It's almost like virtual console releases that I don't have to repay for I love it. Thank you Microsoft. Good guy Microsoft
All right. Let's move on Dark Soccer. I think you have another story for us. I
Do indeed?
So there is a study that went out from Ohio State University
basically
293 female gamers who play online games
Were surveyed on this and they were asked if they received abuse in online games and what they and if they thought about it
Or how much they thought about it offline?
And how the companies that produce these games are dealing with the harassment and then their own coping mechanisms
So as it turned out that basically they didn't like, you know, swearing and name-calling or skill based insults
But they they dealt with it. They put it aside. It wasn't a big deal
Sexual harassment on the other hand
Definitely sexist comments rape jokes rape threats
did cause a lot of trauma and
Almost made sure that they didn't want to go back and play the game again. It ruined the experience
You know and it was that they they get trash talking for what it is, but when you make it personal
That it lingers it makes you really uncomfortable and then it becomes associated with the game
Not with the people playing it. So
Hopefully
You know, it's something that the game companies will take into account or try to help with a filter
But they also said that they didn't blame the they didn't hold the companies accountable for it
But they did blame them for not doing more to curtail it. So
yeah, and I
Imagine it's got to be tough to when you're the game developer and there's this open environment like Xbox Live and yeah
I can totally see where if I'm playing a game online and the community is just really awful to me
like I'm gonna blame the game and I'm not I'm probably not gonna go back because I don't want to see those people and
It might kind of suck for the developer who quote-unquote may not have control over it
Although granted you got a police your environment a little bit make sure it's not happening
But I mean Xbox Live voice chat can be a very very difficult thing to
Police, I think people just need to like fucking act mature a little bit mature on these games
It's like Kai judo says in our chat room over at live.vog network.com
Some guys go full-on dumbass when a girl gets on a game. It's so weird
I was hanging out with a dude online for like two weeks
The guy was cool. Then one day a girl beat him in Halo 2 and he went batshit. I was shocked
It was the same guy like that's the problem dude needs to fucking
Learn to be a human being well, I've had you know, things like that happen with me just a few times
I've played online games
I got one guy to shut up by telling him at stick a centipede in his dick hole
Wow
Yum Brianna's applauding over here. I
Mean, you know I can give back cuz I'm not really gonna do it and he's probably you know
Wouldn't and the other one I was like, so this is your username
I bet I can find you on the database and tell your mother
Taking a hint from the girl who did do that when she was harassed online
She found every single one of those guys copied and pasted the conversation with their parents
It's awesome
a lot of times these guys's emails will be like first initial dot last name at the place where they work and it's like I
Can find you so easily and you're saying the most nasty shit on the internet
Or or you know when I will remember when that happened even in a forum
It was a certain somebody we used to play DDR with his friend
Mmm, and so I tracked down, you know, I basically looked up their IP found out where they lived and said so you live here. Oh
I'm sorry. This will never happen again
It's
The internet we can find everything we need to yeah people just need to
Just need to be a little a little bit mature is a little maturity too much to ask online
Apparently, well, this is why I rarely play with strangers if I play with strangers. I don't have voice chat on here
Yeah, I hardly do it anymore either. I think I'm trying to remember what game it was
I think the centipede when I remember what that was that was fantasy star online
That explains
It was just random group. I was running through rooms with mm-hmm
And I don't even remember the situation, but he said just the most vile thing
So and that was the first vile comeback I could come up with it's pretty good. Well, thank you. I'm pleased with that one
I've been keeping it in my arsenal in case I ever needed the Rolodex of hate
No, no, no, no, I can't I can't steal that from the fabulous Bianca del Rio, however
I would probably have like the speed dial of pissiness
about that
All right
Let's move on. We got some more news. We want to cover before we open up the skype line. So Allen
Footage of
Pokemon go the smartphone game was
Leaked from South by Southwest that just happened. It's
Niantic, which is an offshoot of Google which is made of the game ingress, which I know if Matt was here Loki Robin
Him would go on and Jamie we play to um, don't act innocent. Yeah, I know we just had to do a lot
Ton of farm level 10. Why are we going? Why are we going to Tucson? Can we not? Okay, that was that
Has that been revealed? Oh
There may or may not be a very big ingress event happening in Tucson that I may also
We're only real reason to go to Arizona for anything and hold up hold up hold up and some really good
We are meetings of my internet friends that you've already met. Yeah, I met a play ingress. No, they don't play
Okay, so we had to get them hooked on ingress. Well if they're willing
But so like Friday is friend day Saturday is nerd day. So, you know what?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right
Anyway, so the Pokemon go the way it's gonna work is if you have the notifications turned on your phone will buzz or beep when?
There's a Pokemon near you you load up the game if you have any pokeballs and you decide you want this
Pokemon you could tap the screen and throw the ball at it. Yeah, you have another Pokemon
You get your gear. I believe this is with the in-game currency
It says that the stores are gonna be at museums
Monuments so in order to buy stuff in game you can't it's not just like you go to an NPC
From the comfort of your living room. It sounds like you have to actually go out to get your Pokemon gear
Also types of Pokemon will be specific to the environment that you go to
So if you want a water or ocean
Pokemon if there's a park that you go to that has a lake go there if you live on if you're lucky enough to live
Coastside go to the beach. I
imagined for landlocked areas a
Public pool anything of like a fountain at a bank, you know, if you want to squirtle that's where he'd be. So
Really excited for this
There's a video of it
You can actually I think you go on Engadget and see their embed of the footage that was leaked from South by Southwest
But yeah, if you want to stock up on stuff you need to go
To a place of significance and also just go out and if you want a certain type of Pokemon
It's it's all based on your geography
I'm still curious and a lot of people on the the various forums that are out there are like so what about the battles?
What about the battle because they haven't really said a lot about that yet. Yeah the PvP, but I'm I'm curious enough
I mean, I'm definitely gonna check out Pokemon go
I don't know if it's gonna be make be enough to make me quit ingress
But I mean if they are have a decent battle system in it, I I may not be playing ingress as much
Yeah
I just want to know like the people over there what their timeline is for the monetization because they haven't really revealed
Mm-hmm what the cash shop is gonna feature. I mean, there's that little wrist
doodad thing that you get
That I imagine you buy separately
But that's I really want to see because ingress their cash shop
Which I think the game was out for nearly three years before they even put a monetization
Well, they were a part of Google in the beginning. So Google was just you know, it was an experiment
Yeah, but then after the separation when Google split into alphabet that Niantic is no longer a Google company
They are now financed by Nintendo
I think Google is also still a financier but Niantic had to come up with new ways to make money
So gotcha enter cash shop
Which has done very well and hell we paid what 45 bucks for super VIP tickets to this thing
We're going to and in Tucson, but worth every penny. I don't want to hear it. Well, it comes with souvenirs and eat stuff
That's right. You all spend money on dumb shit, too. So, you know what? I don't want to hear it
Right, that's all. All right, awesome
Okay, less awesome though is the news that a studio is closing and Sony did confirm this week that evolution studios
was shut down and evolution studios latest game was drive club which
You know not gonna lie drive club kind of had a rough, you know
It was big expectations for it and then it came out late and then the online was kind of a fucking mess
Like there's no nice way to say it
So unfortunately, I think because the game ended up being a comedy of errors
Unfortunately, people are now out of a job because of it. I see you sighing over there Gabe
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah, I felt this same way about drive club although graphically speaking
I thought I thought it was a beautiful game, but there was
I fell in love, you know racing games are racing driving games are like my favorite of all time
Like outrun on the Sega arcade was the game that wanted that got me to want to make games in the first place
yeah, and
But you know fell in love a Gran Turismo need for speed games
but then I played Forza and then force a horizon and I never looked back and I when I play drive colors say it is
trying too hard and that's not good because they have a so much potential but
It's in four. It's really really unfortunate. So yeah, that's why I kind of
Well some other stuff that
Evolution had done they were also responsible for World Rally Championship on the PlayStation 2 is them
But I think the game that you know, a lot of people were like, oh, yeah
This was a great game was Motorstorm on PlayStation 3. That was that was a release
That was a release team. I think with with the system system release. Yeah
Yeah, it's a bummer. But unfortunately some of those things where you go
Well, you know and it's it's so shocking like one
I mean and again
this doesn't happen in the movie industry one dud doesn't kill a studio in the movie industry or we would have never had Batman as
Superman in the first place even though it's making buku bucks
Yeah, but then though I hear it's a festering pilot crowd
But that studio did also what the Jupiter ascending which didn't make any money back
I wanted to see there was something else that they had done to that
so
Everyone I know on Facebook that has seen Batman vs. Superman has said
It's not great but it was entertaining
Like it was fine
Honestly, I want to see it well, I love Batman so I'll see anything about it
I want to see it just for Wonder Woman to be honest. I want to see everyone
Yeah, the critics are like it's the worst thing. It's like showgirls but superhero movies and most people are like no, it's
Is going through a case of oh us to us to we'll have gritty characters everyone likes Batman
We'll make all of our characters Batman
Including like normal, you know, oh, I'm a hero and classic hero. No, I'm gonna be Batman. Mm-hmm
Let's get to the mailbag
What no, but every week you guys email us at participate at orange lounge radio.com and we read your emails
You're live on air or we don't if you actually send any when you don't send an email. I'm giving you one last refresh
It's because they're all busy at church or something. I am I see how it is. Y'all are just too busy gaming to send us an email
It's fine last week. I said, oh, there's seven emails. There's too many to read and then over then
It's $30 of marshmallow peeps and those Reese's peanut butter eggs insulin shock, they're all just
Like they can't send emails
You know what, you know, you know what where's my red velvet peeps, where are they I haven't I have yet to you know
if a red velvet peep
Had shown up in a store. I would've been like, yes, they have all the crazy flavors now like Oreos
Yeah, you know what? I still want to find you a peep plushie
I've seen them. I mean there were two of them at Hannah's house today
There was an official peep store like two blocks from magfest. You better believe I went there
Hi, there's a picture of me somewhere in front of the peeps car. So anyway
All right
Well, no emails but maybe next time participate at orange lounge radio.com if you want to participate with our show
Well now we definitely have a reason to get angsty here on orange lounge radio. So
Hold my earrings. Here comes the F use of the week
I
Really don't I guess I really don't have a major as you other than
Holiday related for medical
issues as
People on my facebook have probably read by now, which I don't mean it to have a problem with people's religious preference
I just don't get the grammar
Don't get it. I hate misuse of any word and
This use of tense and it's really getting on my nerves because I've started writing again you believe in the one true grammar God. I
Believe I am a follower of sir Oxford of comma
Because
It's the difference between
The hookers JFK and Stalin and the hookers comma JFK comma and Stalin
Instead of JFK and Stalin wearing pasties of my favorite is actually
Let's eat grandma and let's see grandma
And when you're talking about
Your
Pet you don't say you are pet you say your pet
when you're saying and
Rob I love you to death, but you do this and it gets on my nerves a lot
When you use
so and such and eyes
That's grammatically incorrect. The tea is hot. The tea is scalding
I think he means like eyeballs it should be so and so and mine
well
You're not the only person I know that doesn't all those mistaken people and I don't give a fuck
That was grammatically correct
The most grammatically correct insult to the most smartest
Smart asses
Alan do you have better to be a smartest than a dumbass Alan you have any of use of the week that do not pick on me
I
Not not anymore because of that last caveat. No
I guess it's a little gross, but I'm getting like a blister on my foot
And I'm like, why am I even getting this blister?
And I just need to figure out what I need to do about it before it gets gross
Self-diagnosed on WebMD. That's everybody else does
It's cancer. No
Yeah foot foot blisters gross you why?
Is it your shoes may be lying out?
That's the thing. My shoes are fine. And it's in a weird really weird spot
That's what I'm thinking
All right, I broke his toe by the way speaking of medical conditions
Sorry to hear that see you medical conditions a few of the week goes to my sunburn. I got a sunburn yesterday
You're a real ed actual redneck. Yes
Okay
fuck that but
Just also the fact that you know, I am usually like, you know, if it's if it's like, you know the summertime
I think oh, I gotta put some walk off work outside today. It's fucking March. It is fucking March
This is like the time. I got sunburned in Canada. It's fucking March and it's 80 degrees during the day
Only in Northern California when it'll it'll hit like 99 or 100 degrees in April
Like oh the summer's here early and I'm like, I'm scared because I'm thinking about July and August if it's 99 degrees in April
I'm not about that 108 degree life
No, but just at some point there's gonna be a wave and then everyone's gonna joke about it
And I'm like and then like I don't want to die
The air conditioner wasn't like working in my car yesterday and I was like son of a motherfucker. It was fine
But I wanted to take everybody who was complaining about the rain and kick them in the nose
Because it's not hard enough to maim them and you can fix a broken nose
And tell them we have a drought and on top of that
Important I
Want to tell whoever created that law that says that when Folsom Dam it reaches higher than earth when Folsom Lake
We just higher than 60% that they have to drain it. We're in a fucking drought. We need it. Okay
No, obviously now I interrupted you I was gonna say we were just it
Mathur Lake Park Rob and I earlier for angry stuff Lake was full beautiful green everywhere grass is growing. All the rain is great
It's very pretty right now in California
Do our guests have any F use they'd like to get out of their system game. What are the rules with the F use?
Is it just anything at all?
Okay, well keep it like nothing that you want we're already go back to your co-workers
Oh, yeah, we're already five minutes into this segment. So, you know, I'll be Jonas
I know you don't understand what that rule means, but don't be Jonas
I'll have I'll just say one wouldn't one quick thing then
Drivers in the left lane going 55 miles an hour get out of there get the hell out of there. That's enough
That is enough. And I said the price I joke with Brianna one day I said I said recently
Being from New Jersey. I want to build a massive
Racing rate racetrack and I want to place all the drivers all the bad drivers in Northern Southern, California
versus New York, New Jersey and Connecticut drivers and just go to war in this big thing in the middle of Kansas and in the
middle of nowhere and
Yeah, because God helped me. They don't know what the hell they're doing. They don't know what the hell they're doing
Okay, it cracks me and even work even better when it they're normally going slow because they're using their phone
So once they put their phone down because someone blared the horn in them
They have the nerve to give the finger to that person to blue that who blared the horn and they haul ass doing 90
Crossing three lanes of traffic without signaling. So telling you I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do a twisted metal thing one day
Bri any F use from you
She's saying no you love everything
No comment
I'm learning to drive right now and I'm gonna get my license hopefully by the end of April and whenever I see someone do a
Dickish thing like what you've described I'll turn to Robin be like I'm not getting my license now
Because someone just cut across four lanes doing 90 without a blinker
It's like you you deal with it
I'm fine
And I always have to tell Alan like do as I say not as I do
When I'm teaching him how to drive like don't fucking do the things I do when driving because they're all illegal
Alright, by the way, may I make an announcement now that we've gotten the frustrations out of the way? Absolutely not
All right. Go ahead
My
Middle I would say of the three of us who my mother birthed from her loins
My brother Philip the middle child has given finally taking me off the hook
By spawning a little version of him who looks like a very small potato person with a 55 year old man comb-over
He looks like well Philip when Philip was a baby he also looked like a scrunchie potato with a bad comb-over
Actually, he didn't have the bad comb-over. He had the the frizzy spike. Mm-hmm. So anyway, I
I have a nephew now his name potato named potato slow Spuddy
Actually, it's funny cuz I've been just trying to decide whether that's call him tater tot
Because his last name is Tate
or if I'm gonna call him Minnie Phil
Minnie Phil, so I would like to say congratulations to my my brother Philip and congrats and his fiancee Ashley
For bringing Jackson into the world spell J ax so in it's a very millennial name up
What that's it's not a braid and jade and Kate and laden. So already they're
Having names names after Mortal Kombat character. That's what I was thinking. He's gonna grow up get bionic arms and kick ass
One can only hope but still he's a very very pretty little bundle of joy. He's adorable
Hey, I swear he looks just like my brother did as a baby. I was nine when my brother was born
No, I was a little younger than that. But anyway, and I remember him as a baby and this infant looks like my brother
And also several of my female friends who have had children say it's very unfair that she had such a smooth delivery
so
Much love. I'm so happy that I have a
Nephew and I don't have to produce children for my mother
Well, congratulations to Jamie's relatives who I know don't listen to this show. This is why I'm saying it. All right
Well, let's move on
With just a couple more stories and then we're gonna open up the skype line. I want to borrow him gonna unleash the floodgates. I'm
Borrow him and turn him into hash browns. No, I'm just gonna borrow him for a little bit go
Oh, he threw up here. You can have him back
Alright
Let's get to those stories Alan
Jackbox games has announced they are making
Jackbox party pack 3 just a surprise to no one because the first two are bugging incredible and they're tons of fun
And you don't even have to be drunk, which I'm sure it helps
but they are amazing games and they've already said that a drawful 2 which I think was the sleeper hit or
The most popular choice of the last party pack drawful 2 is coming out in spring of tooth of this year
which would make me think it'd be out now or very very soon is not going to be a part of the party pack 3
Because obviously they don't want you to buy a game twice. They're not sleazy like that
so look for
The jackbox party pack 3 as sometime during fall of this year
Awesome tons of fun. Yay. I'm looking forward to it because you know Jackbox they make some good stuff
Of course
They're such jokers those guys and here's what their press release says while we toyed with other names for this collection of party games
Koala saga happy birthday mom and Tokyo blood to name a few we decided the jackbox party pack 3 works best
All right, they're silly
Alright, well, let's do one more story here and it was funny because earlier in the show
You guys were talking about the Capcom of the old days
Well, isn't this interesting because Capcom is actually running a survey right now that asks. Would you like Megaman 11?
No shit. Yes, of course
but anyway
This is after you know, the success of the Megaman legacy collection
So Capcom is actually asking do you want to see a Megaman 11 the third set of questions asked?
Would you like future collections of Megaman games and what games would you like to see such as the X series zero?
Legends battle network ZX star for us. What do you want? By the way the surveys in Japanese? Sorry, you can't take it
So they're gonna come I can take it for us. Yes. So Akuma you need to represent all of us. They're
Making sure you take the survey. Enjoy. I would like to see Megaman 11. Why not?
Even for nothing else. I just want another soundtrack
Honestly, I could give or take the game. I just want another soundtrack
I'm just getting tired of them asking do you you know do you know should we make a mega?
Make the effing game. It's like Legends 3 you fucking fuck
That too that too
Alright, hey skype lines open one eight seven seven game
Oh LR or username on Skype orange lounge radio all one word if you want to call in and talk to us or maybe have
A question for our guests that we have here in studio tonight. You can give us a call and we will
Take them. So guess what the skype line already lighting up. So let's get to it
Hello you are on orange lounge radio, who's this
Hey, buddy, how's it going Zaku? What's up?
Not much. I mean it's been a while like, you know, but well weeks months that last
Called in but everything's good. Everything's things solid
just try, you know paxies is coming up and
You know, even though you know trying to find rooming was in a it wasn't turned out as I expected
I did plan for the worse
Although it's a costly and you know costly endeavor that I will have to take
Nevertheless, I'm not gonna miss the packs for
You know for the world. Well, that sounds like that may end up being my dragon con. I don't know yet
I have to chat with some people see what's gonna happen. But
Yeah, I I get it. So so paxies we looking forward to it paxies
Hopefully some you know a little bit more swag or you know
Well from the show from the showroom the show floor, but aside from that, you know better at better like after parties
Although I probably missed the boat on like, you know, some of the you know
Some good ones that you know, probably are already sold out and or like booked up for free reg
Free shit is always a great perk to any convention. I'm sure
But I guess I guess more importantly like for some reason I've been on a buying spree for well
I guess in the past year for peripherals like obviously the headsets I got in a
taxi last year and then you know a couple of years back the joystick both the
Solid stick that I have if you could yeah, you probably see it right now
So, yeah, whatever is there but yeah as you can see I'm still into flight simming but
besides the point
Yeah, I
Guess I'm looking forward to like, you know, what you know
How this whole like VR thing's gonna play out because I do you do you think there's gonna be more VR to try like at
This show on the show floor than we've probably ever seen before
I mean I seem to remember it packs that like oculus would usually have a booth of there to be something to experience
But now with like so many people getting into VR and does Sony do packs that are sometimes they do sometimes they don't are
They gonna be there. Yeah, I don't know but I mean it's a hit or miss
I know Microsoft's there with without a shadow of a doubt. Well, maybe they'll show HoloLens or something
It's you know, although I know HoloLens is probably still early on but it'd be interesting to see especially with the PlayStation VR
around the corner if PlayStation is gonna make a push with the
VR and Bobby Blackwell in our chat over at live dot vog network comm reminding us
Oh, yeah, Sony has done packs prime in the past. No
Yeah, I know they but it's kind of hit and miss like they don't do it every year
It's like it seems like if they have something to promote they do it
Oh like as of recent like these past few paxis, you know, a lot of the major players have you know, a lot of the major
Developed, you know publishers have been pulling out, you know, obviously there's been in for me in the past where you know
the likes of like Ubisoft and or to well and
In the case of Sony. Yes, they pulled out and I believe Nintendo did it one year
I know I know squint, you know Square Enix is obviously a you know, it's a shoe in but
It's been kind of varying like I remember five years ago when I first went. Yes. It was it was huge
Not well, it was it would be like what I would imagine e3 being but that's just my that's just my wishful thinking
But now it's like geared towards like I don't know board, you know, like actual tabletop
It's kind of like a you know, because of the atmosphere around there
You know half the shows like tabletop the other half is just obviously video gaming
So it's it's having that, you know, it's trying to find that equilibrium that pleases every you know, every gamer
Yeah, and that's pretty much where it boils down to
Well, if nothing else Zaku, even if the convention hall doesn't end up having everything you're looking for
You can always sit in the hall with your 3ds and endlessly street
I don't have a 3ds. I have a tablet the 3ds
Do you know by the way tangent time the 3ds turned five years old today?
Can you believe that like what we were just talking about earlier in the show the Spice Girls are 20 BAM
You're old. The 3ds is now five years old BAM. You're still old. Yeah. Oh my god, but you know
I didn't catch on to the whole
DS 3ds thing and I guess that's probably because I was always a PSP guy even though mine is still collecting dust up there in
The bin well, yes, and they actually released a new system called the Vita
I don't know if you've heard of it it kind of good. Yes
Well, yeah, I get your point, all right, but yeah, but being even then the beat is just like
People have forgotten about it. Well Zaku Zaku
I expect a full wrap-up when you get back from
Paxis because I want to hear about the show since I'm not really gonna be able to go this year
So I want to hear about it when you get back
Also, I went to round one in Chicago earlier this month
This is the arcade that has a bunch of like Japanese import games and stuff they have one in San Jose
I have yet to go because
I'm lazy. I don't know actually though with Dark Sakura's birthday soiree in the Bay Area coming up
Mm-hmm. I may have to start going around one in San Jose. Oh, yeah, I just move the party there. I
Mean, I look into it like it's not
There will be a small person there. Yeah, and we need alcohol to be present
You know look into that anyway, sorry Zaku go ahead. Yeah, I mean it's not in Chicago proper per se
It's like 45 minutes out of like the inner loop, which is the big, you know, the Manhattan over there and you know
Thank God for lyft and the ability to expense these things in my expense report
Which you know, obviously I was able to expense, you know, the you know, the actual game card and every must be nice
Yeah, I mean when you work for a company that has a Chicago office and most of the Android developers
I work with are all out there. So I get to expense this fucking show. How do I how do I get new microphones?
Can I can I bill it to sack IGDA is there a budget over? No, no breeze give he's giving me the frown
All right
It's kind of like the I mean, it's kind of like the the Japanese one
Like I remember when I went to Japan almost two years ago
I remember round ones just being like huge in terms of like the other arcades
I went around, you know went to in Tokyo and this one was kind of like that, but it also had a mix of the American
Redemption games and whatnot. So you still have to have the gambling for children or it's just not an arcade
Yeah, plus the pool, you know, plus the pool tables pink ponte. Do they have to go?
Do they have a Chinko?
No, they do not that's separate. That's usually a dedicated
Chinko is kind of like a dedicated thing
You have to go to a dedicated place in in Japan or unless it's like in a certain floor of a Japanese
Arcade which is an average of like a few stories, but long story short. Yes
It's they had a lot of the bimani games that you know, I've been craving for a while
But you know, it's kind of like a marriage like there the American round ones are almost like a marriage between
The Japanese one and a Dave and Buster's with a little bit less of Dave and Buster's a little bit more of the round one
All right. Well Zaku, I gotta let you go so we get some more calls, but thank you for the phone call
I appreciate it and have a good night. Yep. Have a good night. I will talk to you soon. Bye
Alright one eight seven seven game OLR or username on Skype orange lounge radio if you want to give us a call
I did want to point out because I've been informed that some of my pals that I play ingress with are actually listening right now
So I figured they could actually appreciate this joke that I'm about to say
which is that the reason why I would be in favor of you moving your birthday party is because I've already capped the portals at
The mall where your birthday party is originally scheduled
I have not kept the portals at round one and I fucking you need uniques then let's do this
I'm done. Don't move your birthday party because of my stupid ass
Don't get around one, but I told Becky that it would be okay for Julian there before they start kicking kids out. Mm-hmm
And Becky is my bestie. That's very sir
Really quickly since along those same lines. I'm Alan
Did you want to describe for our listeners without giving any of the James Bond secrets away?
I actually took you out on a late-night adventure last night our first big like ingress like op we did together
Did you did you want to share with the listeners what that was like like what what we did on Friday night?
What's all involved in it? Yes without giving any of the secrets away if you know what I mean, okay
Well
The the to get your team points and ingress you have to cover
Geography like you take three points and you make a triangle
Which you think all right you walk down to the supermarket the bank or wherever and you make a triangle there
But people will do a big-ass field that will cover
several states
like huge undertakings and
You when you link when you make the triangle you can't cross the lines with anything existing
So what we did for a field like that
It's my mic on. Yeah
for basically we were
I
Trying to decide what is too much or too little to say
we weren't throwing the field, but we were responsible for making sure the lane was cleared so that the
The connect the dots that they were trying to do wasn't blocked
Because even if it's a line from your team from your faction, you can't intersect a line, right?
So yeah, we went out drove out to the middle of nowhere and I'm on t-mobile
So I'm like we're gonna go out to the boonies to take down this, you know innocent link that you know
It's just in the way. It's just inconvenient. I may have no data
So luckily when we got there you you had data on your t-mobile connection and mine was the one that was yeah
You were on like one or two. We were like on one or two bars and I had five bars. It's really awful
I was just expecting does that you actually went way more into I was just expecting you to say yeah
It was really fun to sit in the dark for 45 minutes Rob. That was a lot of fun
Yeah, no
So you don't want the other team to know that something really major like that is going on because they'll throw links and block the
Path so yeah, we had to sit in a car in the dark, which is not creepy at all for like
45 minutes until the person that was running the operation
They're like there's like 15 to 20 people involved out there on their cell phones in their cars involved in operations like this
So yeah, we had to weigh. Okay
1040 it's gonna go up at 11 do it now like and we had to okay destroy it destroy it clear
Yay, and then have to see if they wanted you to drive anywhere else
Yeah
All right, but you had fun right? Yeah
All right, we're gonna take more calls one eight seven seven game OLR or username on Skype orange lounge radio all one word
I think we've got another call coming in. Hi. You're on orange launch radio. Who's this? Hi. This is raging leader
Hi rage nader who apparently is using that avatar software to actually call in as a cat tonight
I've seen Tiger Claw use this before but I guess rage nader now expressing your a kitty cat side here on the video stream that
Our radio listeners can't see but that's okay. What's on your mind, buddy?
not whole
Well, you know if I remember right you kind of sort of touched on something early in the show
Yeah, recently I bought a carry vault no real steam
Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I
Know the one thing I don't remember you mentioning is what your thoughts are on that bundle
On which bundle I'm sorry
Vault
bundle Oh Atari vault, um
If you like classic games enough then yeah
I think it's worth the money especially because they put in the multiplayer where you can you know chat over the or I'm sorry
Actually play the games over the internet and all that stuff
But I they release something very similar to it already on iPad and iPhone
So I think if you already own that it may not be worth the money
But if you have an appreciation for old games, I think it is worth the money
Just remember a lot of the old games were kind of one-trick ponies, you know, but that's also what made them great
I think a game like kaboom is to which I don't think is in the pack because that was Activision
But a game like kaboom is kaboom is still fun to play today in my opinion
That's you know, and it's it's disgustingly simple. It's just collect the ball at the bombs and the little little pots of water
There's not a lot else to it. So, you know, it depends on
How much you can appreciate those old games, but if you're the type that only spends five seconds
On an old game, they're like, yeah, whatever done over it
Then I don't think there's gonna be enough value here for you or if you already have these Atari games some other way
Yeah, oh I kind of
Well, I just got the entire develop dollar day myself. Thanks to fifth ring. But uh, yeah
You know, it is a nice package, you know, they're falling because no
No, well two things. No, the target 2600 was my first system way back in day B
Now great. I did have some of these games via
Game room, but unfortunately, I can't read down the game room
Yeah, that's that I know I had a good guy Microsoft moment earlier, but that's a bad guy Microsoft moment to be honest
Yeah, but uh, no, it's a follow-up question
You know now that Atari well is out on Steam, you know, well, I were
Presumed is probably out for consoles as well. But
No
Is there any other anthologies that you would like to
See come out. No, like maybe a
version of the Capcom classics collections
Or something like that. I'm such a retro whore. I I'm I'll be happy. I'll be thrilled if they put anything out
I'm always adamant for my guardian legend release on PC, but you know
Someone never fucking get it
Do an update?
Like a really good one that won't get shut down
I would appreciate a like Commodore collection of like old Commodore 64 classics
I would like to see that on Steam some games like, you know
Good old jump man and jump man jr
And just this shit that we the temple as phi and and all these things that we used to play on
On the Commodore 64 would I would love that?
Ah
Cool. All right. Yeah
Yeah, I probably go with the konami collection now that they're ever actually do it
Cuz they're all there
Okay, they used to have a game tap one that was Contra and I want to say Castlevania was in it
So they did do so. No, what's the theme night? It was at the old 8-bit Castlevania's
I think we're on PC because you used to be able to play him through game tap
So it was sort of out there it was sort of out there
But yeah, I don't know you could do the whole thing where if you have an Xbox one you can play the game
But that's kind of cheating. That's not really playing the games on your PC. But anyway, all right. We're aging
I'm gonna let you go so we can wrap up the show, but thanks for the call. I appreciate it. Sure
You two pets for the kitty. All right, I guess that's gonna do it for the skype line tonight
If you didn't get through but you yeah, I still have something to say
Participate at orange launch radio.com is a great place to do it. I know we're running a little long tonight
It's about time to wrap things up and thank you for putting up with the audio things this week
I will look into that over the next week and try to figure that out
Looks like I'm going on a shopping spree fix that. I want to get that fixed before the
Indie arcade event that's for sure. I don't want that on the stream
But anyhow Alan say this podcast is single-handedly keeping the Guitar Center in
Sacramento probably business because whenever you need studio mics
Now now that Radio Shack is gone
That's really the only reason to go to Guitar Center true. Well, I Gabe Brianna
I really want to thank you guys for being here tonight taking the time out to be on our show
Best of luck with the rest of the planning for Sacramento indie arcade
I am very thrilled and excited to be a part of it with my co-hosts and yeah
Looking forward to it in a couple weeks same here same here. Thank you so much. I want to play some games. Can't wait
Brianna I still look forward to the convention and thank you for being here
You're welcome you guys are welcome back anytime
You don't have to wait till next year if you have something update us on in a few months. Let us know. All right
Especially if you have any other big IGDA events
I would love to get to some more bring some of your dev friends in here and let's get them on the air
It'll be fun fun. All right
We always at the end of the show like to go around and get everybody's final thought
Do you guys have any final thoughts for our listeners tonight Gabe?
This is also a good chance to plug your personal Twitter's and stuff if you want
To keep up to date on what we're on what I've got going on with my team
Definitely follow us on Twitter. Well, that's that's probably our most active right now
The our main website is going through some big maintenance stuff right now
So just best to keep following us on Twitter hit us up on our you on YouTube channel
your feedback is
Impeccable and and and so just so necessary for what we're trying to do
We need to know how we're doing. Otherwise, we think we're doing fine, and we know that's not the case
So be sure but meanwhile follow us on us and games on Twitter
And then hope to see you guys at our indie arcade in less than two weeks
That's always that reality setting in that. Oh my gosh, it's here Rianna any final thoughts tonight
I know you have a lot of listeners that also play games, duh
We do have an extra life team sack indie arcade
extra life is like the charity portion video game portion of the Children's Miracle Network and
The Sacramento indie arcade started a team to help benefit our local Children's Hospital here
I love it the UC Davis Children's Hospital that serves 33 counties throughout Northern, California
So if you're already playing games and you want to accept donations
Everything's done online you can play from anywhere in the world and you can just select the UC Davis Children's Hospital
We've partnered with them to show
Others who aren't really big in the game scene that games are more than just Call of Duty and whatnot, you know, so
Www.extra
Hyphen life org forward slash team forward slash sack indie arcade. That's awesome
And that should be something we should totally try to be a part of so we'll figure out how we can help with that
We've always wanted to get into something like that. So it'd be great if you guys already have something established
Maybe we can piggyback on that. So awesome. Thank you so much
Thank you guys both for being here
As I say at the end of every episode if you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange launch radio
We are I'm an independent podcast. We don't have a multi-million dollar website or anything like that behind us
So if you enjoyed what you heard here at the show
Please tell a friend or five or 20 about what you heard here at Orange Laundrio and spread the word
That word-of-mouth goes a long way a five-star review wherever you found this show like iTunes or or
Tune in or wherever those go a long way as well very much appreciated
Alan thank you so much for filling in for Loki tonight
Alan do you have any final thoughts for our listeners?
Trader Joe's plantain chips are disappointing and I'll be writing my congressman. All right, that's a very worthy cause I was very disappointed in them
As well as expecting something sweet and I got something savory. It was it was a nasty trick very nasty trick
My final thought in addition to the always closing segment here
I'll plug my own Twitter because I forgot to at the beginning of the show. You can follow me on twitter at sky SK
ie and I am very much looking forward to our mini vacation next week and
Sorry, we won't be here on Sunday. But you know once in a while I earned a vacation so not sorry
Happy gaming though. Have a great week of gaming and all that
And lastly but not leastly never leastly dark soccer your final thought of the night
I don't think I want to go to the doctor tomorrow, so I might not
What and you're an adult so if you want to if you want to be like, you know
I don't want to do that. You don't have to if you're like instead of going to the doctor
I'm gonna go and eat ice cream. You can do that because you're a fucking grown-ass woman. I could sleep in and not go
I'm probably just gonna watch more of
Really Queen
Because it's funny that sounds like a fabulous idea and finish up my bottle of provolone
To stay home and drink wine. You don't need to go to the doctor. You need to drink more wine and wine. All right
All right, but at the same time dark soccer
Get your checkups. Make sure you're healthy. If you have a symptom go see the doctor. Oh, it's the migraine thing but DFTBA
Don't get more sicker
Let's see if the grammar
What
And where's the button to her mic that shuts out, all right, that's gonna do it for another episode of orange laundry
Oh, we will see you again in two weeks because I'm going on vacation
So see you in two weeks with an all-new edition of orange laundry. Oh until then
Oops, let me try that again until then
Until then bye
You've been listening to orange lounge radio
Orange lounge radio is a production of olr studios to join us for a live show
Tune into fog network calm Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific 9 p.m. Eastern
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio or fog network
But you know, they were all still true
See you next week
You
