This week, some new adventure MMOs are unlikely to see the light of day, while one classic
adventure game gets a patch to update its compatibility despite having a popular sequel.
We're bringing you the details on these and the rest of the week's gaming news, and it
all starts right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, live on this Sunday evening, March the 13th of 2016, episode number
634 of our show.
That's right, been running since 2002.
Myself here in studio, Rob Roberts, but you can find me on Twitter, at Skie, S-K-I-E,
and joining me, as always, say hello to DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Are you yourself the elf?
Uh, I think.
Is that a...
Did you ever hear of herself the elf?
Uh, is that a band?
The 80s.
Is that like a 90s band?
It was the 80s.
Is that a goth-y band?
No, it was a cartoon.
Did they open for Susie and the Banshees?
It was an 80s cartoon.
I see.
No, I guess I'm behind on my 80s cartoons.
I'm trying to think.
I mean, there was a lot of 80s cartoons I liked, but probably, I don't know, my favorite
by far, Muppet Babies.
That was my jam.
I watched that every day.
I was a big fan of David the Gnome.
I don't even know that one.
You don't know David the Gnome?
I don't think so.
I'm a visual person.
I bet if you showed it to me, it'd be like, oh yeah, it is.
They had Tom Bosley as David the Gnome.
Oh, maybe I did see that.
He had the big red hat, and they had the fox friend.
And then when they died, they turned into trees, and the fox cried.
Okay, I think I did see that.
Yes, I did.
But I was more raised on, I mean, I watched a lot of Nickelodeon.
You Can't Do That on Television was my jam.
Like that was required viewing.
The greatest thing Canada's ever given us besides Alanis Morissette.
However, Alanis Morissette, of course, was on You Can't Do That on Television.
For A season.
There you go.
For like two episodes, I think.
But anyway, then game shows was the big thing.
Like USA Network used to play game shows like nonstop all day.
The Scrabble game show and Supermarket Sweep, although I think that was a lifetime.
Rob decided he wanted to be what was his face from Press Your Luck to Markin.
Peter to Markin.
Yeah.
Right.
You decided you wanted to be him when you grew up.
Well, Bob Barker was always a personal inspiration of mine because the price is right.
He is very orange.
I saw the prices.
I think he's more orangy than Trump.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I'm sure at some point I've told this story on OLR, but I actually went to the prices
right in 2001 when you were blinded by the jacket.
Yes.
When Barker was still hosting it and Rod Roddy, rest in peace, was still alive.
And we went to two tapings.
And for the second taping, we were sitting right behind Rod Roddy and the jacket was
sparkling in my face.
Rest in peace.
He was a fantastic.
And Rob came back with a tan.
I'm just sad I didn't get called up on stage, but oh, my God, we had we had been at Coachella.
The day before.
So I was exhausted.
Speaking, ironically, Susie and the Banshees, we saw Coachella.
So go figure that it was it was Susie and the Banshees, the Chemical Brothers and Bjork.
Rob.
What?
Peekaboo.
That's pretty much what it sounded like.
That was pretty much if you could kind of combine Susie and the Banshees and Bjork
into one thing, it would be that anyway.
Not joining us tonight.
Sadly, tech master, Loki, one of Loki's kids is really sick and sitting on his chair.
Yeah.
So tech master Loki was afraid that he would bring the virus over here if he showed up.
So if you're out there, Loki listening, I hope you and the youngins feel better.
But filling in on a moment's notice tonight.
Very appreciative.
He could step in the studio tonight.
All it took was a little bit of wine to bribe him.
Say hello, everybody to Shane.
Hello.
How are you?
Isn't it pronounced, pronounced Coachella?
Not Coachella.
I don't know.
Like, it's not a co it's coach Ella.
Yeah, because you don't put a co it on.
By the way, I thought of you.
Or write a bow it.
Really good.
Did somebody mispronounce something horribly and kinda what I was watching?
I was playing.
No, I was actually finishing up the danganronpa anime before I finished the game.
And there's like they do one big point because Xanadu and they did a second when he goes
back Xanadu.
I was like, Oh, that's like Rob.
Shut up.
So what?
Anyway.
It made me think of you fondly, fondly.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Watching people get murdered.
It was great.
Shana Linco here in the house to fill in for or I'm just I don't know why you still use
a link.
Oh, I thought you use both.
That's just all my Twitter because I don't put my last name even though it's in there
anyway.
So I should just I'll change it right now.
Are you gonna change your Twitter handle?
Sure.
Why not?
All right.
Whatever.
Well, anyway, I don't know how I already gave up on this.
If you were going to follow Rob's theme, the OMG, you could be WTF.
No, I don't want to follow a Rob theme.
Okay.
Well, yeah, I know I use I use the name OMG, it's Rob and certain things.
And I kind of joke that if Shane wanted to follow my footsteps, his appropriate name
would be whatever it's Shane.
Just like the the character from that game I'm going to sue for ripping me off.
Oh, the Stardew Valley?
Yes.
We're talking about that in a little bit.
I swear to God, the guy that made Stardew Valley is an OLR fan because Shane is in
the game.
I'm not in the game.
You're not in the game.
Loki's not in the game.
Shane is in the game.
Like where to go.
One hundred percent.
It is me down to a T and his name is Shane.
So hey, that's the one that you were talking about when we were talking about cosplay,
right?
Yeah.
I was like, I should I could do that because all I would need is nothing because I it's
me.
All right.
All right.
Well, hey.
So guy who made Stardew Valley, if you're out there, A, come on the show because you
made a great game.
I'll talk about it later.
But B, thanks for putting Shane in the game, but not the rest of us.
Just just, you know, maybe the guy who made Stardew Valley is a fan of Ranger Pride, which
is your podcast.
I doubt that.
That's OK.
Who would be a fan of that?
Everybody should.
Tell us quickly about Ranger Pride.
It's about Power Rangers and Super Sentai and we talk about news and episodes and we
have topics of the week and we have a fun time and it's super positive show and we have
a good time.
And Shane finally forced me to watch some Super Sentai earlier today.
It was great.
I was busy trying to prep for the show.
We were watching Ju-O-Jir.
I didn't see as much of it as Dark Sakura did, but it was I kept laughing at how, like,
silly it is.
But it is for kids.
I mean, it's not like, you know.
Yes.
But it's still fun to watch.
Yeah.
No, you get you when you when I asked you before and you gave the whole superhero analogy,
like some people are obsessed with Marvel Universe.
Why can't I be obsessed with Power Rangers?
Exactly.
That was a very good defense.
It is a good defense and that's my, like, easy defense to go to.
People are freaking the fuck out about five seconds of Spider-Man in a new trailer.
We went to the movies, me and Flacco Jones and Exfer and Flacco Jones' wife, last night
and saw 10 Cloverfield Lane and then they put the Civil War trailer on and Flacco Jones
and his wife were so excited, but it was the old trailer and there was no Spider-Man.
I was like, maybe the next trailer that comes up will have it.
It wasn't though.
They'll play both trailers.
Yes.
No, but the next one was X-Men.
So I was happy.
Oh, there you go.
All right.
Let's get into the kickoff topic tonight.
I do quickly, though, have to plug our chat room.
We do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern at the
Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com.
Do tune in sometime for a live show if you never have before.
It's a different experience when you get to participate and join along in our chat room
over at live.vognetwork.com.
I'm exposing celebrities.
Are you...
You guys are talking about celebrities by one word because you're talking about Bjork
and now I see Cher.
Yeah.
Because I said that Bjork probably just goes by Bjork because she's got a really long complicated
Icelandic family name or last name.
Well, it's not like you know a ton of people named Bjork.
Gudmund's daughter, which means that was her dad's name, is Gudmund.
But Cher's is Cherlyn's Sarkeesian.
But Cher is Cher, she'll always be just Cher.
Which by the way, can we talk about quickly because Daylight Savings Time happened last
night obviously.
So everybody was sharing on Facebook that image of Cher that said, don't forget, turn
back time this Saturday and tell your friends and I'm sitting there going, uh-uh.
Someone did a different version of it.
I was like, no, no, no.
We don't turn back time.
This is turn forward time.
Or I would have gone with a picture of Cyndi Lauper and said this is the time after time.
Well, the people were reposting the Cher picture and it said, you idiots don't need to turn
back time.
It's spring forward.
Now share this.
Anyhow, um, let's see.
And I see you are talking about your addiction with Don Gunropa in our chat.
Yes, because Don Gunropa, I came to the game late because I didn't own a PS, well I mean
I have a PSP somewhere in my house amongst all the stuff.
But when was the last time we ever touched that?
And I don't have a Vita, so I've missed out on Don Gunropa for a while.
And so when it came out to steam, I was super excited and of course I get super irritated
at it now.
I know it's not talking about my gaming weekend, but I have to get this out.
Sure.
Of course.
Okay.
So I play with Japanese language and English, you know, text.
So what's so weird, and this is the annoying part of knowing enough about a language to
get the gist of what they're saying, is hearing the localization be completely bizarre.
Like there's a scene where they're talking about, well, where, first of all, they changed
genocide or show to genocide Jack for some stupid reason.
And then she's talking about like ramen and ramen, you know, how you have to choose the
noodles and everything.
And they're, instead change it to spaghetti, but they're talking about ramen.
And I hear ramen and I see spaghetti and my brain shuts down.
And I'm like, I can't even, I just need to learn to read Kanji.
Um, so that's been my, my annoyance with that game.
Kids today know ramen, especially poor college kids.
Definitely know ramen.
Exactly.
And I mean, it's not like we're, we're, you know, no one knew, you know, jack shit about
Japanese culture.
It's pretty much a lot more common knowledge these days.
So I thought.
Back in my day, I remember at WinCo, you could get ramen for seven cents a thing.
And that was like, what, let me finish.
Cause I'm annoyed.
I thought you were finished.
Sorry.
I wasn't.
Fine.
Um, it's just, some of the localization is pretty clever, but the rest of it's just really
aggravating.
Um, so I don't want to say bad job localization team, you know, you did badly, but at the
same time I would like to, you know, have the video game companies behind these things,
give us some kind of credit, you know, and not think that we're total plebeians and don't
know anything.
Um, let's see, uh, Brad from pod cultures and chat saying about the ramen thing and
broke adults, you know, you're broke when you see six for a buck and go, Ooh, a sale.
But we know the difference between cheap ass, you know, cup of noodles and actual good ramen
that you get in a ramen shop.
And you know what, we've all fallen on tough times and had to do the ramen thing.
So, you know, it happens, but I also know, um, certain unnamed people that I may or may
not happen to live with will enjoy ramen as a snack as well.
Like just eating the, that's pretty good.
Yeah.
I know so many people do that.
I don't really make ramen burgers that way.
That's a big trend thing too, is making the, the buns out of noodles.
But anyway, look, we can talk about food, um, a ton, but we need to get into my smoothie.
We need to get into video games and, uh, we're going to get into tonight's kickoff topic
tonight, which is an interesting story that I've seen floating around Twitter that I wanted
to bring up on the show.
And I don't know, um, Shane, you watch a lot more Twitch than I do and have watched that
really evolve.
Right?
Well, yes and no.
How so?
Well, no, because we'll talk about it in my gaming week.
All right.
But yes, because I was watching a lot of Twitch.
All right.
I don't know if you know this particular Twitch streamer, but there is a Twitch streamer out
there and she went by Arah Gaming.
I hope I'm saying that right.
No, I don't.
I know the story you're about to say, but no, I never watched this person.
And unfortunately she, she had a divorce recently or, or fortunately, I don't know the circumstance,
but a divorce happened in that particular situation.
And you know, those are always, you know, tough situations, but things happen.
And what made this really weird and why this is suddenly going all around Twitter and even
ending up on our podcast.
And I feel really weird talking about somebody's personal life like this.
So I don't, I don't, you know, I don't know the details about what happens.
I want to get into that.
I want to keep it classy.
But what's fascinating about this is that it seems like Arah Gaming's husband got access
in the divorce to her social media accounts.
So he has the Twitter and the Twitch account.
Isn't that illegal?
I, you would think, but apparently this is what's happening, is that somebody else showed
up on her Twitch stream, some other gal that wasn't her, like the stand in, I guess.
And you know, of course the first thing people are saying is, who's this stranger?
Who's this?
And there's a little part of me, and again, I don't know any of these people involved.
I don't know the story and it's probably a mess that I don't want to know, but you almost
have to kind of feel like, what did that other girl agree to get herself into?
Does she know exactly what's happening and that she is the splendor?
Maybe he's treating this like a season.
So this season it's this chick on the channel and then when they get a divorce, season three
will start and we'll get a new chick.
But I mean, and it's not like it isn't completely obvious what's going on, but the new woman
will not talk about why she's commandeering the channel.
So, and I believe people are jumping to conclusions that the husband got the Twitch channel and
the settlement and so forth.
And the new streamer says she can't comment on it due to legal reasons, but ARA Gaming
decided to stop streaming and incorporate the channel so people can still enjoy some
of the gameplay while she's no longer streaming.
I guess the channel was sold by the original streamer, although ARA Gaming has not said
anything since the divorce, has not said a single thing, and with good reason, probably
has stayed radio silent on all of this because here we all are speculating on what the hell's
going on.
So now of course there's a Twitter hashtag, ARAgate, which is going on with this and somebody
claiming to be the husband, so we don't know if it is or not, went into the Twitch chat
and said that ARA Gaming will not be streaming for five years.
So I don't know how that happened, but something in this divorce settlement may have made her
unable to stream for five years.
It's crazy.
By the way, this isn't the first time dramatic things have happened on Twitch.
Drama things happen all the time.
But again, I don't want to get into this person's personal business because it's tacky, but
I find it fascinating the whole fact that somebody's Twitch channel is now essentially
something that has to be divided up in a divorce.
And part of me wonders, and again, rampant speculation.
I don't know anything going on here.
Was the Twitch channel part of the reason for the divorce, which is why she had to give
it up?
It's probably an asset issue.
It's a revenue generating asset.
You know, like I would probably say something along the lines of like book rights and things
like that, especially if you had a co-written book.
You know, what state is she in?
Are they California?
I honestly do not know off the top of my head and did not dig deep enough to figure it out.
I know for California and actually for a lot of states out there, if you don't have a prenup
for divorce, then assets are split 50-50 between spouses.
So it could be a legal divider that it is considered an asset.
Well, she had 30,000 subscribers.
That probably, I mean, that's not the largest Twitch channel, but it's a nice little chunk of
pocket change.
But you can't help but wonder, was the husband taking the channel just to be personal?
You know, and again, I feel a little tacky, but these are the questions we inevitably ask
ourselves when we don't have all the facts in front of us, because for whatever reason,
whether it's she's under a gag order or she just doesn't want to fucking acknowledge it
anymore, she's not commenting.
So we don't really have both sides of the story.
This is just sort of setting off every single spousal abuse trigger in my head.
You know, it's just sending off red flags.
And I think that it's nothing that we should be speculating on.
I don't know what the precedent is.
I don't know why.
And until we have that information, speculation, there's not really much that we can do.
We could also hope for the best, though, for her.
Maybe this is part of some sort of settlement.
And the trade off is, yeah, she can't stream and make that revenue, but maybe her ex-husband's
paying a nice chunk of change because of that.
Maybe he had to pay for it.
He could be paying taxes on revenue from it.
Potentially.
You know, and something, something to think about when Conan O'Brien got a divorce, haha, from
NBC, like, he was paid to not be on the air for, what was it, like six months?
That's why he went out on tour.
He did the live tour, remember?
And then the TBS thing started.
So, you know, five years seems like an awful long time, but maybe she'll be able to come back at
some point and maybe he's paying all the revenue in the long term.
Again, you know, I'm speculating, but I just, this is such a 2016 story.
Who would have thought, even five years ago, when we were broadcasting video of OLR on
Justin TV, that people would ever be fighting over the ownership of Twitch channels like this?
I don't know.
Shane, since you watch a lot of Twitch, anything, any other comments or insight on this?
No, not at all.
I think it's, if she had viewers, I'm sorry that they can't watch her stream anymore if she was
awesome.
So, sucks for that.
I'm going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Alan Alchemy says, I get that streaming is very lucrative, but wouldn't he just argue for more
alimony if she was the breadwinner?
And the meat and potatoes is her personality.
He can broadcast using her subs, but they'll drop like flies once they realize it's not her.
And then Kaijuto went into saying, register a new account, case closed.
And Alan Alchemy said, yeah, but if she hit a certain subscriber milestone, she'll have to rebuild it.
Well, I mean, you know, despite how awkward this situation is, it is getting her a lot of press.
And so if she were to suddenly come out and say, I have a new channel, she'd probably get this bulk of
the subscribers back and then some in a short timeframe.
I mean, that's just, that's just the reality of how this kind of like, you know, drive by looking at the,
you know, car accident that happened on the side of the road, looky-loo type of thing works.
Oh, no.
Kaijuto in chat at live.vognetwork.com also says, plus Twitch is such a shithole now anyway, so she's
better off.
She can start a playroom show on Ustream.
Is Twitch, is Twitch turning into a shithole, Shane?
Um, to be honest, again, without going into our gaming weeks yet, the last stuff I was watching on it was
just a lot of Until Dawn.
So I don't care for like the big streamers.
I've never watched the big streamers.
Like if you have like over 300 subs, I probably wouldn't be watching you.
But the little ones I liked still, I still thought they were great.
Yeah.
I like the more genuine reaction stuff.
Although I would certainly say personality goes a long way.
Yeah.
But the people that get like the thousands of subscriptions, those aren't the personalities usually I like.
Those are like the over the top, like making random noises, saying weird things.
People that will read the dialogue in an RPG in a crazy accent while they're in the RPG.
That's okay.
That's that can be okay.
I don't mind that so much because then I'm, it's like listening to a story on tape or something.
All right.
Anyhow, I just thought that would be an interesting thing to talk about because
I can't think of anything more modern in gaming than that fighting over the rights of a Twitch feed.
Let's get into our gaming weeks before we get into the rest of the news.
This week, we're going to talk about the types of video games that we have been playing this week.
Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
I've been playing Danganronpa.
I've been playing Heroes of Dragon Age.
I've been ingressing and Neko Atsume and I saw something on Twitter the other day.
Somebody was making necklaces of cat butts from Neko Atsume.
And I was like, oh, Dark Sakura needs one of those.
Maybe I'll get it for you for your birthday.
You want a cat butt keychain?
No, thank you.
I have way too many keychains right now.
And I'm sad the portal one that you got me broke.
Oh, no.
Yeah, those plastic ones don't really hold up that long to my insane usage of keys.
Yeah, sadly, I think those types of things are more for show than actual use.
I had a Pokemon one that lit up, that thing got busted in a year.
I wore out one of my Togepis and thankfully I found another one in the package.
I just had it lying around.
And Dan and I were, well, mostly Dan, but Dan was playing like elevator action today and breaking out the nest stuff.
He took apart our Nintendo last night, took out the lock chip and cleaned it like completely inside and out.
Wow.
So that he wouldn't have to unbox one of our other ones.
That's still in the box.
Is that cleaning it so that you don't have to blow on the cartridge anymore?
Like cleaning the contacts so you don't have to do the whole thing.
But he also took out the lock chip, so it was just like the pirate lockout.
Right.
Yeah.
So I didn't know he knew how to do all that, but that doesn't surprise me at the same time.
He learned it on YouTube.
Of course.
I watched him do it.
It was educational.
And then I went back to making my wine cork, uh, cork board.
Because Pinterest.
Do you actually use Pinterest?
I hate their website.
I actually use Pinterest for looking up, um, lately my thing has been, uh, medieval, um, instruments.
And Pinterest has actually been a pretty good source because I haven't found examples of certain ones.
So I'll just look through the various ones until I find the one that I want.
I can get the name of it and then I can search for it that way.
The only thing that bugs me about Pinterest is every time I go to their mobile site, something links me there.
It's like, download the app right now.
Download it, do it, do it.
It's just like, Oh my God, some of those, some of the mobile ads and some of those sites are horrendous.
I hate the ones that will automatically, like you go to the page and it's like, opens up the app store and it's like, get Candy Crush, Soda, Saga, Supreme, King Commander right now.
And I'm like, fuck off.
I will never download your game.
Block.
Report it for spam.
But I've, I've been using it more only on my computer.
I don't use it on my phone at all.
Well, that works.
All right.
Well, if that's it for Dark Soccer's gaming week, Shane, you said you had an interesting story here for your gaming week.
No, I didn't say it was interesting.
All right.
Well, what is, what is your gaming week?
I don't have a gaming week.
I quit playing video games for now.
Okay, wait a minute.
So you quit playing video games?
Why?
Yes.
Cause I don't know.
I, I seriously, all I did was watch some random movie on Netflix and afterwards I was like, I'm going to stop eating meat and quit playing video games.
And it didn't have anything to do with the movie whatsoever.
And that's just how it's been since then.
I haven't touched a single game, not like an iPhone game or an iPad game or a handheld game or a computer game or a console game.
Nothing.
So what the hell are you doing on a video game podcast?
Laying on a couch and playing on my iPad, but not a game.
Just looking on the internet.
Well, the way you'd phrased it to me earlier, which I was hoping you'd repeat was, was that you're not like, just because you're not playing video games doesn't mean you hate it.
That's true.
All my only websites I know to go to still are video game websites.
So I still read about video games.
I just don't play them.
And I canceled all my pre-orders except for one.
I kept my No Man's Sky collector's edition just in case.
And we know, uh, when Pokemon comes out, I will definitely be playing games at that point.
But, uh, until I figure out what I want to do about this, there's no video games.
What do you mean by what you want to do?
Like, I was kind of toying with the idea of maybe just, like, playing games at, like, a very, um, reduced, like, I don't know what the next word I want to say.
Like, I would want to play them less.
So maybe, like, only allow myself to play, like, three hours a week or something stupid like that.
And not for any particular reason, but I just think there's maybe more to do out there than just play video games.
Do you think you were addicted to video games?
And so this is something where you're like-
No, because I really have not been playing video games a lot lately anyway.
This is just, like, like, I was already at playing maybe, like, five hours a week at the most.
And I was just like, eh, lazy.
I don't want to play games now, so I just won't.
So what are you doing instead?
What do you do with the time that you-
Living life.
Yes.
And by living life, Hulu.
Well, yeah, I-
Okay, but to be fair, hold on, I've got to raj you on this, because how is that any different?
That's what I was going to say.
It's really not different, but it's really not different.
But it's just, in my head, it's kind of different.
So once I figure out what I want to really do with this time, then there'll be less Hulu.
But I just need to figure out what I want to do.
Like, I want to go out and do something instead.
I don't want to just, like, sit there and watch Hulu or Netflix or Amazon Prime or anything like that for hours.
I want to go out and do something.
And if I play video games so much, then I can't do that.
And if I watch Hulu so much, I can't do that.
So that's why everything's kind of just, like, taking a backseat or falling off a cliff and being gone.
Having known Shane, because some of you might be like, why the hell is he on this show if he doesn't play video games?
Because-
But I have, and, you know, just up until this week did.
Well, and also, like, you know, like you said, you still stay on tap with what's doing, what's going on in the community and everything.
And for me, just knowing Shane as long as I have, Shane is very much the type of person where he's either all in or he's all out.
Yes, yep, that's how it is.
When Shane says, I need to play less video games-
That means zero.
The only way he knows physically how to accomplish that is saying to himself, I need to play no video games.
Yep. That's just how I did, like, soda.
It's like, I need to drink less soda.
So what I do? Cold turkey'd it.
I need to eat less Taco Bell. What do I do? Cold turkey'd it.
I need to play less video games. What do I do? Cold turkey'd it.
But you're eating Del Taco right now.
That is not Taco Bell.
But it won't last forever.
It's already gone. I already ate it.
But it's- I mean, it's the same thing.
You're banned from Taco Bell. I'm sorry, Del Taco is the same thing.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
The Taco Bell thing was just because I ate it too much.
So if Del Taco becomes a problem, then I have to eat less of it, which means cold turkey.
Yeah, but Sunday night during OLR, we always eat like shit.
So, well, yeah, I was just like, what am I going to eat?
I think I ate very healthy, thank you.
All right. I apologize.
And since like once in a while, she eats shit too.
Once in a while.
Since I gave up meat, it's like, what am I really going to do?
Like, I have to find these alternatives and sometimes they're not the best alternatives.
So whatever. My gaming week is nothing.
The end.
Oh, except that, you know, my gaming week does involve apparently me farming and
working at a Wal-Mart type store in a video game that ripped off my likeness.
I feel like video games are just something you gave up for Lent, like in 40 days.
Maybe.
Maybe when Easter happens.
No, it might not even be 40 days, because again, I'm playing with the idea of can I
maybe do like three hours a week and hold myself to it?
Probably.
There's going to be something that comes out.
No, well, I just got Twilight Princess that came out last Friday and I was loving the
heck out of it.
And then, you know, this happens.
I'm like, I just want to play Twilight Princess, but I'm not letting myself at all.
And it sucks because I just did my absolute favorite dungeon in that game, which is the
one where you get the spinner, which is the best item in any Zelda game ever and has the
best boss fight because it's basically Jet Set Radio.
And I can't play beyond that now.
That's it.
Why don't you tell yourself, like, OK, if I go all day without eating meat or Taco Bell,
then that's one hour of video game I can play.
Or if I...
Because I will be like, oh, it's only an hour.
Maybe I'll just push another 30 minutes and then it'll be, oh, I've already done an hour
or three.
Why don't I do three hours?
Somebody needs an app or something that starts yelling at him once the hour is up or something
where, like, if I go to the gym for 30 minutes, then I can play 90 minutes of Twilight
Princess or something.
I don't know.
No, it doesn't work.
All in or all out.
That's the chain way.
That is my way.
Ragenator in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, I love eating turkey, but I gave it up.
I went cold turkey on the turkey.
Oh, and like, dark meat turkey is really good, too.
You know what, though, I keep telling Shane that when he plays video games again, he needs
to play the game with me.
He needs to play Dungannormpa because it's great.
Hey, Bobby Black Wolf has a decent suggestion, Shane, for how you can force yourself to only
play a certain amount of time.
Bobby Black Wolf says, use the parental controls on the consoles.
Oh, no, because then I will unlock it because I'll have the parental control.
What if I had the parental control?
Do you really want me to bug you until you give it to me?
I kind of love this idea.
Do you want me to come over in the middle of the night and smash your windows because you
wouldn't give me the code?
Because that's a thing that could happen.
We have a guard cat.
Come on.
No, you know better.
Or do I know better or do you know better?
I will have half the code and Dark Sakura will have the other half of the code.
And then that's the only way it's going to be unlocked.
There are, I think Bobby had a good idea there.
No.
My first idea was just to leave my video game systems at different people's houses.
Do that.
I was like, I'm stronger than that.
I still want to borrow your Vita TV when I want to play Danganronpa too.
I know.
Now I'm like, I want you to bring your video games over.
My, my whole thing when I said, I don't understand why you're doing this is because you, you
weren't able to tell me what you were going to do instead.
You were like, I'm going to stop playing video games.
And I'm like, so you don't really have to have something to do instead.
I just didn't want you to sit around on the couch.
I could teach you how to knit, Shane.
No, that's scary.
Uh, SSG, SSG 100.
Matt says, yes, please do this.
I want this to happen and recorded.
I don't know about that.
What?
The breaking his windows?
No, I think that's what he's talking about.
So Bobby Blackwell is offering up a new YouTube video series on VoG network.
It can be like that show.
What the hell is that horrible game show?
It was on the reality channel where they were in solid solitary.
So did you say it was a horrible show and that's the best show and you would just, it's
like a reality solitary.
Okay.
Then great.
Since you love it so much, you it's like you're on it.
God, I can't even talk to you right now.
I'm going to break your windows for real, but you have to go without games.
Do I get a voice?
That's awesome.
That will make fun of me up on the wall.
Yes, but it's just Jamie.
Solitary was so good.
Jamie gets to be the glados role.
I'm so upset now that we brought up solitary cause it's like my favorite game show.
Oh my God.
Um, bonds double 06 and chat says, Shane, like every teenage male said about quitting
porn, I can quit, but I have to quit cold Turkey.
Well, okay.
Shane's not talking crazy.
Shane didn't ever say he was going to give up porn.
I said video games and that's what he is.
That's why he won't tell me what he replaced it with.
He just replaced it with more porn.
That's that's what it ended up being.
He's like, you know what?
I don't have enough porn.
Uh, act deaf to chat says Shane holding off on something.
I seriously want to see how long it goes.
Uh, well like soda has been like two years now, so I don't push me because if you
think like I'm one of those people that you tell me not to do something, I'll do
it and like, do it tenfold.
What's the saying 99 cent of everything I do.
99% of everything I do is motivated by spite.
That's 174% of everything I do.
All right.
Tiger con chat says the only way Shane will ever play a video game is if they put
porn on it.
Um, absolutely not even true.
Absolutely.
If they make a dyno charger.
Oh God.
Yeah.
If Jason Riley were on it and he can make chase and Riley make out, that's it.
It's over.
It's over.
I windows.
I will do.
Yeah, I'll smash them out of excitement either way.
Your windows need to be replaced soon.
All right.
Um, my gaming week.
So, uh, I've played a few things this week.
Uh, one new game that I played this week, actually a listener was kind enough to buy
this for me.
So I just want to, I give a shout out, you know who you are and thank you for giving
this to me as a gift.
Cause it was a game I was gender genuinely curious about anyway, because
Shane started talking to me about it one day.
He's like, so did you hear about this new game?
It's like the new Minecraft or five nights at Freddy's.
It's the new.
I said it was the new, um, that other game I've never played Undertale.
Okay.
It's, but it's the new indie sensation game, right?
He says it's called Stardew Valley.
And I said, I don't know anything about it.
Uh, and what you said, it was like animal crossing and harvest moon or something like
that.
Right.
So I was like, all right, well then I looked up the steam page and I put it on my
wishlist and I swear, not even like two hours later, I get a message on Twitter.
That's like, Hey, I, there's this game you need to play.
You need to play and I want to get it for you because I know you'll like it and it's
right up your alley.
And I was just kind of like, okay, well, I didn't know what the game was at that
point. But then when I saw what it was, I was like, okay, this is funny.
Cause I had just put it on my wishlist two hours before.
And yes, I do want to try this.
Okay.
So Stardew Valley, it's a new game that just came out on steam like one or two
weeks ago.
Right.
And yeah, it's, it's similar to harvest moon, but also kind of Minecraft.
I really feel like Stardew Valley in a way is Minecraft for people that hate
Minecraft.
I think that's one of the best ways to describe it because you, you're not in
that whole weird first person thing and you're not having to break the bricks.
It's, it's totally different.
You are on a farm and you have similar types of tools to what you'd have in
Minecraft.
You have a pickaxe, a shovel, a hoe, and those are all things for killing
somebody and burying the body, which you can probably do in Stardew Valley.
I just haven't got there yet.
So you, you can clean up your farm and then you can start to bury little plant
seeds and stuff and grow plants.
There's a town nearby and you start to get to know the villagers and I guess you
can romance the villagers.
Although there is one particular villager who like, well, when you try to talk to
him is like, I don't want to talk to you.
I'm very busy, you know, type of thing.
And his name is Shane.
And he's rude and rude.
He had, until today, he had my hair cut and he only wears blue and I saw
wearing brown actually.
Well, he wears like shorts and a hoodie.
That's what I do.
It's, it's ridiculous.
It's me.
But you can't romance Shane.
But I was reading some weird, uh, online article where the guy was actually
talking, the guy who created the game and I'm sorry, I forget his name in the
moment, but, um, the guy, it was all created by one guy, which is really
impressive.
Um, and the guy actually said, yeah, I want to work on some free updates and
items and people keep asking me to make Shane romanceable.
So that's one thing I'm going to add into the game.
Um, and so I was like, okay, that's super awkward, but that is the thing that I
guess they're going to actually put in the game.
Um, I, I am so, I'm still trying to learn about this game that I can't figure out
how to romance anybody yet.
I, my understanding is there's no, like they do the cool thing where whoever your
character is can romance anybody that is romanceable.
There's, you know, there's five guys and five girls.
Yeah.
There's no gender provisions or anything like that.
And there's a lot of customizability with your characters.
That's why the game doesn't really care about that, which is cool.
Um, but, uh, here's the thing about the game is that yet again, it's one of those
games like Minecraft, when it first came out, that doesn't really handhold you an
awful lot.
Like it doesn't really tell you a lot about what to do now, granted you do get
quests to go talk to villagers, you get quests to do plants.
So it does kind of give you little like hints and things, but like there's other
like things that I would think would be critically important that the game doesn't
really explain very well to you.
Things like you have an energy bar and if you don't eat, you will faint or you will,
you know, like other things will happen.
And I don't know, like it's, it's kind of hard to figure out like, okay, well, how
do I continue stocking myself with food?
And I've just basically gotten to the point where it's like, okay, if my energy
meter's done for the day, what did I do?
I think I, I think I dug through the garbage and found something to eat, but in
what, on the other hand, that's part of what's really cool about the game is that
it is so open because it doesn't tell you what to do.
I kind of think that's the point.
I think the guy who made it wants to see what people come up with and how people,
you know, um, experience and, and get over the certain challenges in the game.
And I think that's why this game is so popular right now because it's incredibly
popular on live streams.
He also said that there's like hidden stuff that nobody's figured out yet and he's
not going to talk about it either.
And the game does go beyond just having the farm.
You can end up doing fishing.
There's a mine that you go into later.
I heard it's very, just like Animal Crossing slash Harvest Moon.
That's what the game is.
It really is.
But I actually find, I don't know, I never really got into Harvest Moon, but I'm
enjoying what I've playing a Stardew Valley so far.
I just feel like, and this is kind of like my, my OCD coming in to play a little bit.
I keep feeling like I'm playing the game wrong.
I keep feeling like I'm going to die.
I'm going to lose.
I'm not doing this right.
And I have to kind of remind myself at some point, there is no right or wrong way
to be playing this, but it's just, it's a weird hurdle for me to get over.
Does it make sense?
What I'm saying?
No, it doesn't.
I'm sorry.
No, whatever.
There's a, I've seen on a video game site that you don't like to talk about, but I'll
say anyway, Kotaku, um, they have like tips for playing it.
Maybe you should check it out if you really feel like you're doing something wrong.
Well, maybe, maybe I will look into that.
Who knows?
Um, let's see.
I was seeing if anybody in chat was commenting on this, but no, they're still
talking about the window breaking.
Uh, see, they're really into it.
I think this is what should happen.
There should be a poll.
Can you put a poll up on VoG and see how many windows they want me to break?
No, I will not.
Also house or car?
What?
House windows or car windows?
Which ones?
Well, both.
This is the house is a rental.
My car is covered by my insurance.
So I guess the car.
No, no, no, no, no windows.
They get to pick.
They're the ones into this idea.
Stop it.
Anyway.
Um, so Stardew Valley, I played a little bit of that and it's, it's really kind of
addicting in, in a Minecraft kind of way.
And I will be playing more of that.
So thanks again.
Um, I never expect money or gifts or whatever from doing this show.
It's a really flattering thing when a listener spends their harder money to buy
something just because they think I'd get a kick out of it.
So I really appreciate that.
Um, also in my gaming week, I played a little bit of Tron run R because I had
yet to play the full game once they released it on steam and here's the
hilarious thing about Tron run R.
It crashes my computer.
I think that's great.
I can play the first level fine.
And then the second level crash.
Have you updated like your graphics?
I just updated my graphics drivers last night.
So I'm going to try it again, probably after the show tonight and see if it
still crashes on me.
Cause isn't it coming to console?
So too, it is already on console.
Why don't you just pick it up there?
Unless it's going to crash again.
But then yeah, you do.
It's Tron.
It is Tron.
If you support Tron, maybe they'll make another movie.
Maybe there's an achievement in the game called Tron three.
And I was like, is the achievement for getting that achievement.
LOL.
Just kidding.
No, I don't.
I, what was it?
Oh, you have to get like a combo through the entire stage or something
and you get that achievement.
I just, I randomly got that on the first stage cause I'd played the game before.
So I, I knew what I was doing.
So Alan alchemy and chat says, wow, that's impressive because
your computer is rock solid.
Alan.
It just means I need a video card upgrade.
Like we've been talking about, even though my video cards only, what a year
old, it's time to get the video card.
That'll run the Oculus.
Don't you want me to have it?
Uh, so yeah, I, I tried to play a little bit of Tron run R and, uh, that
didn't go so well.
So instead I went to the PlayStation four and I was like, Oh, what can I
download?
What can I check out?
And my buddy extra for that hosts a show with me called guys on a show.
Also here at vog network.com has been pimping a game for ever that
he really, really, really loves.
And so I decided to check this game out, even though I played Rayman legends.
No, it was not, I played that, but not this week.
Uh, I played it at E3 like two years ago.
It was a while ago on the PS four.
And then I played it on PC a little bit.
The game is assault Android cactus, and it was one of the games that was, you
could vote for it to be free, but unfortunately it didn't win because it
was up against a game called bro force.
There was no way anything was going to win against that.
Yeah.
Which is kinda, which is kinda sucky.
Cause I'll tell you what I've played both.
And I think assault Android cactus is kind of a more interesting game.
Sorry, bro.
Bro force.
Wasn't that bad though.
I, I haven't been into it.
I couldn't get into it.
Like some of the over the top stuff.
I was like, Oh, that's funny.
But like assault Android cactus kind of had me right from the get go because
it's, it's a twin stick shooter type of game.
But it has some different sorts of mechanics.
Like, you know, I could say like, Oh, it's like geometry wars, but it's
really nothing like it, like at its core where you have the two sticks move
and shoot smash TVS type of game.
Yeah, I guess it's that, but you can switch weapons midway through.
And there's actually, you have to think when you switch weapons, there's
going to be time to do that.
So you don't want to get yourself in a corner.
Uh, there's power ups and the level design is kind of interesting because
some levels the lights will go out.
So the only way you can see is the monsters that are around.
Some levels have conveyor belts, which is really weird.
Like, uh, you might have like a giant wheel and then the middle wheel is
spinning, so you kind of have to keep that in mind as the levels going.
So sounds kind of unfair, but that's mean that's part of it.
That's part of the challenge.
So they can't just all be nice square little stages.
So yeah, I I've been having fun with this all Android cactus.
I think that's kind of a neat game and it does the whole thing like Spelunky
does, where like there's a daily challenge that you can play and see
how you rank against your friends.
And there's like an endless mode.
So, um, yeah, I I've been having fun with this all Android cactus.
So I didn't play it a lot, a lot, but I played it enough to know that I enjoy it.
So, uh, that'll probably do it for my gaming week.
I think that's all I need to say.
So, um, I want to get into some housekeeping real quick.
Uh, follow us on Twitter, twitter.com slash O L R we're also on Facebook,
facebook.com slash orange lounge radio.
Uh, we will not be having a show in a few weeks.
It's April 3rd, just so you know, no live show, April 3rd, I'll be out of town.
Uh, but we will be back the next week on April 10th and on April 9th, we will be
at the Sacramento, uh, indie game, indie gaming arcade, uh, and, um, looking to
try and get Bree and Gabe back on the show in the next couple of weeks to tell
us a little more about this year's event.
I know they have a nice bigger space.
It's going to be a lot of fun.
So, uh, we'll talk about that in a couple of weeks when they come back onto the
show.
Um, otherwise we will still be here through the coming weeks.
Uh, one other thing I want to mention over at vog network.com, of course, where
this show is and broadcast live on Sunday night, uh, over at vog network.com, our
pal Bobby Black Wolf, who does the show right before us here on Sunday nights,
he just posted a cool little video, uh, over at vog network, uh, on our YouTube
account.
And then it's also there on the main page.
Um, that was his little road trip to magfest.
He actually drove from Atlanta to Washington, DC, but he actually kind of
now has, has, has come out as a Tesla owner.
Basically, it was kind of keeping it a secret for a little while.
Uh, but he actually has mentioned now, uh, everybody knows he has a Tesla.
And so when you have an all electric vehicle like that, you don't stop at a
gas station to get gas.
When you have a very long drive, you do this whole little thing where you stop
at superchargers.
Uh, so he actually planned his route and he did a really good job with this video.
It's like an hour long, so it's almost like a bit of a documentary, but I got to
say, and I'm not just saying this because I know Bobby and he's my friend and I
like to promote his stuff because if it wasn't good, I probably just would have
mentioned it and ended it there.
But it actually is really good because, uh, he actually explains it at a level
like a lot of the Tesla stuff he was showing me before was like at a level for
people that already owned the vehicles and already kind of know that stuff.
But Bobby kind of phrased it in a way where if you don't really know anything
about what being a Tesla owner is like or how the electric cars are very different
from the gas cars, he kind of explains all that and really breaks it down.
So I thought it was a good little like kind of entry level.
Like if you're curious, like why are those cars so damn expensive and, and what
is that all about?
Why are people so into it?
I think Bobby does a really good job explaining that and framing it in the
video game text of the fact that it was a road trip to go to magfest.
And if you get to the end of the documentary, he does have a cool little,
um, kind of montage.
Cause you know, it's not a movie without a montage.
So he has a fun little montage of the end.
There are some of the stuff at magfest.
So I check that out.
It's over on the vog network, YouTube, or you can see that on the main page.
Uh, vog network.com.
Um, act deft and chat says, uh, hopefully like black Wolf said, the cars get
cheaper with time.
Uh, and Nintendo maniac 64 is in our chat room.
I haven't heard that name in a long time.
Live.vognetwork.com and says, um, I decided to check in and funny thing
about Tesla, I've been following Tesla for longer than OLR.
So if anyone needs another Tesla expert, I'm here.
Well, Nintendo maniac, you definitely should go check out Bobby's documentary
and let them know your feedback.
I've been studying Tesla since I was a little kid.
Because Nikola Tesla was really awesome and Edison stole his shit.
Yes.
So, yes.
Uh, I was, Hey, uh, I actually rode in Bobby's car.
Uh, he picked me up at the airport for, um, dragon con last year.
And so we, we went on a little trip and I got to say, I was like, wow, I
can see why these are cool.
And I kind of want one.
It's going to be a little while before I can get a couple of folks at my, um, at
my work, have them in the parking lot.
So I've gotten to stare at them.
They're nice.
They're nice cars.
I mean, and as this electric thing gets more and more and more, I think we're
going to see more competition, which will be a good thing.
It drives the price down and competition drives the industry.
So it's, I think it's gonna be fascinating in a few years.
Anyway, I don't want to spend too much more time on that.
Cause it is a video game show, but, uh, Bobby did a great job and
it's worth the kudos over there.
So, um, let's get into some gaming news, some video game stuff.
Uh, Shane filling in for Loki this week and to start us off tonight.
But then I have to stop watching this video of adorable puppies that are
like huddled up and look, then they get, they all run away.
Okay.
A it's horrible radio.
When you describe a video, uh, well, let me hold it up to the
microphone so they can see.
Why don't you just pause it, read the story, and then you can go back to it.
That's not as fun.
That was so cute.
Anyway, let's talk about other cute things like, um, just that I play games.
It's just like, I do nickel.
That's amazing.
What are you talking about?
So another cute thing, just like those puppies is that lion's head, uh, studios
is probably closing down and fable legends got canceled.
How is that cute?
I don't know, but I'm sure there's something cute about that.
No, I don't think there's anything cute about that.
It's cute in the, Oh, that's cute.
Yeah.
Um, so basically a statement was made on the Xbox site, uh, saying after much
consideration, we have decided to cease development on fable legends and are in
discussions with the employees about the proposed closure of lion head studios in
the UK.
So no more fable, I guess.
It's not a flagship for Microsoft anymore unless they move it to another studio.
Yeah.
But I think what, this is the third, this was to be the third fable game since the
numbered series and it's the third fable game.
I don't think a lot of people were really excited for.
Well, I, I think maybe going away from the mainline series was a mistake in a way.
I mean, fable three wasn't as well received as fable two.
Well, the first half was.
The first half of fable three was super well received and then the second half
happened.
True.
Um, I just kind of think that they should have tried to do another fable game
because the problem with the games that came after fable is that they weren't
really fable games.
Remember that?
Remember, I don't even remember the name of it.
It was the connect fable game and they had to sit there until they were blue in the
face going, it's not on rails.
Um, it wasn't really that good of a game.
I didn't even realize that there was like a beta for fable legends.
That's how much that fables not on my radar and I'm guessing it's probably not
on a lot of people's anymore.
So it's really sad that they're possibly closing down.
Um, it looks like they also kind of announced that a Danish developer press
play, uh, the team that did, uh, max, the curse of the brotherhood is also being
shuttered.
Like that one's a hundred percent sure.
So, uh, not a good time to be a Microsoft, uh, first party studio.
Rare.
You hear that?
That the shuttering noise is your future.
Trouble.
Really?
Oh, I think so.
What, what have they done?
They don't do killer instinct.
The rare anniversary pack was their thing, I guess.
That's basically a glorified Xbox live arcade on a disc.
Um, they did do, I didn't, they do the conquer, uh, hollow lens stuff that like
people like threw up when they saw it because it was so awful.
No, I don't know.
Maybe.
I think they did that too, but I mean.
They just, they're the next ones to go.
What if rare is getting fable?
That could be interesting.
That would be interesting.
I mean, again, I feel kind of tacky though.
Like, you know, like obviously people were impacted jobs.
Yeah.
But just, just like all the time, Peter Molyneux left though, to do his, his
what's in the cube crap and all this other weird stuff that also is terrible, but he
kind of, it's, it seems like he left them hanging.
I get this, I get this weird feeling.
I think he left them hanging while he was still there.
So, um, no, but the thing about, you know, these studio closures is that when
everyone gets announced, you go to Twitter or you go to like LinkedIn, you've got
all these other companies that are supportive of these people that have just
lost their jobs and like, Hey, we have spots open, come apply for us.
So it sucks that the studio closed down, but I don't think that the talented people
there won't find work elsewhere at a place not owned by Microsoft.
Therefore probably not going to be closed.
Microsoft is the new, new EA.
Well, I hope they do a fable for one way or another.
Like I really think they should attempt another fable game.
I really do.
Like not a spinoff game, a real fable game in the same game.
Who would you want to do it though?
Let's just say not rare because again, they're next to be closed.
Shit.
I don't know.
Um, and it's going to have to be Microsoft first party.
Who do they have left?
They have the people that do Alan Wake.
I think that's first party, but they're doing quantum break right now.
Halo, uh, three, four, three.
I think they need to just worry about halo.
Yeah.
Then that is probably exactly what they're doing.
Um, and then who else do they have?
Now's not a good time to ask me after I've been drinking.
You wouldn't have known the answer anyway, so it's fine.
I don't know who else they have either, but, um,
SSJ100 Matt says, who does Forza?
Oh, I want to play car fable.
Uh, well, I, I can answer who does fable.
It's a under Microsoft studios.
No, that's Forza.
That's not fable.
Try reading it again.
Playground games.
Okay.
Well, some of it, no, cause somebody in chat says, no, but you said I can tell you who does fable.
Oh, sorry.
I meant Forza.
Cause you're drunk.
And Bobby Black Wolf says, uh, turn 10 and playground does horizon.
Oh, excuse me.
A Forza horizon was what I was looking at over there.
So, well, maybe they could do it.
And I prefer horizon to the regular Forza series anyway.
So if they do do car fable, as long as I can kick a chicken with my car.
All right.
Now you're just getting silly.
Uh, but that was the best part of fable one.
When I played the demo of it was kicking chickens.
Good luck to those affected people.
And I really hope something can happen.
Maybe it's not a hundred percent sure that they're going to shutter lion heads still, but it is.
Can I do, can I do one tinfoil hat thing before I go on to the next story?
Cause it wouldn't be an episode of OLR if I didn't break out the tinfoil at some point.
Okay.
You ready?
So let's say this studio closes.
What's to stop somebody else from coming in and funding the company to reopen and make games for them?
Such as, Oh, I don't know.
Sony.
Now, not that I'm saying fable four is going to be on the PlayStation, but what about a Fable-esque game?
They can totally do that, but I don't think the chances are very likely.
Yeah.
They would have to know the demand is there and I'm not totally sure it is after the last three fable games.
I mean, I just don't think.
I have this weird feeling.
Nintendo would be more interested in that, but at the same time, they've got legend of Zelda and that's close enough.
Yeah, I guess.
Yeah.
I mean, they're not very similar, but if you put them side by side, I think people would be like, Oh, they kind of look similar enough.
Yeah, I guess.
All right.
Well, it was, it was worth a tinfoil hat.
Was it edited out?
No, I'm not going to edit it out.
It's live.
All right.
Uh, let's move on.
So a followup to something we talked about last week.
So, um, do you remember last week on the show, we had talked about a very interesting rumor about the fact that beyond good and evil two may be getting the Bayonetta two type of treatment.
But on the NX, meaning that Nintendo is funding beyond good and evil two, hypothetically, allegedly for these rumors, uh, to be an NX exclusive.
And while many of us said, Oh, okay, you know, rumor, LOL.
Wouldn't that be interesting?
But then very interesting development this week, Ubisoft asked Destructoid, the original source of the story to remove that story.
And what happens when that happens?
Your tinfoil hat goes back on.
Yes.
It's something we call the Streisand effect, which I'm, I've never heard of that.
You never heard of the Streisand effect?
No, it was, um, where there were, uh, there was a picture of her house on some website somewhere and she didn't want people to know where she lived.
So her lawyers requested that the picture get taken down and it only caused the picture to go everywhere on the internet.
The type of thing where it's like, when you try to hide it, it just shines a giant spotlight on it.
That's, that's what the Streisand effect is.
So, um, and I really abbreviated that story, but you know, I'm a couple glasses in at this point.
Um, so anyway, now that Ubisoft has come out and said, please take that story down.
It kind of lends credence to the fact that it's true.
Uh, so we'll see.
I'm just saying we here at OLR have experienced something like that firsthand.
And I'll let those of you who were around in 2006 fill in the gaps on what, uh, what that all meant.
Meanwhile, why don't we go to another story, Dar Sakura.
Well, I have to thank Reginator for this one.
Um, there is a browser run NES emulator, except it's not just any NES emulator.
It runs them in a kind of 3D.
It's kind of weird.
It's called 3Dness.
Um, it's not perfect.
I think it's still kind of beta right now, but, um, it basically has like any kind of surface, like a walking surface and a wall have a 3D effect to it.
Um, now the, the sprites themselves, like the, uh, you know, character sprites and, you know, like one of the examples was the pills in Dr. Mario.
Those are really flat kind of Parappa-ish, but it's kind of, kind of interesting.
And yeah, it runs, um, actually only in Firefox, but it runs.
Um, some people have speculated as to what makes it run.
Um, but I think that the end goal is that there's going to be, uh, an executable version of that later on for everybody.
It gave me a bit of a headache watching it because, yeah, it's okay.
It's one of those things where it's like, it's a really neat concept, but, um, and yeah, going to our chat over at live.fognetwork.com, Tigerclaw says it perfectly.
The 3D looks cool, but it's not practical.
Uh, Dartitsuya says, I've seen videos of that on YouTube.
It still looks a little bit rough in spots, but I'll forgive them for still being in early stages, but it's a neat effect.
I mean, if you want to see, like, I was just looking through the little video on that again, and one of the bad ones, at least as far as the splash screen was Contra.
The Mega Man ones look pretty neat, you know, it's just got like an odd shadow effect to it.
And then it's, I think what it does is that it takes the side parts of the layers and the top parts of them and sort of extends them back like an image.
It looks okay, but it just is kind of disruptive.
And when I watch it, it makes my, my head hurt more.
Bobby will love me for this comment.
Maybe it's to help 8-bit games be easily ported into the Oculus Rift by adding that 3D element.
Okay, here's another weird one is Super Mario 3.
This one's really kind of screwed up because Mario runs behind the bushes and everything.
And then like the ones that you can actually do the drop down behind, like the white one, he actually shows up behind it.
It's just really an odd effect for the way that this turns out for the emulation.
Like the clouds are kind of drifting backwards.
I'll put it this way, this effect only really works for, I would say just block images and not any of the rounded sprites or graphic effects.
You know, what might be an interesting use of this is that when you look at the YouTubes and stuff, it kind of goes, it goes like full throttle with these effects.
And maybe subtlety is the key to make this a really awesome effect.
And what I'm thinking of is, you know how on the 3DS, you have the pictures that you collect the puzzle pieces right on StreetPass, and you make these pictures.
And when you unlock the pictures, they're in 3D, but they have a very subtle effect that if you actually use the control pad, you can tilt it a little bit to the left, a little bit to the right, up and down, but not like crazy, like 360 degrees and all this stuff.
Maybe it'd be kind of cool, like for any defect that maybe like with the tilt or a little bit, it would do a very slight tilt in the 3D or something.
But again, how practical is that? I don't know. It's more one of those like, cool, now turn it off.
Well, it looks like it's a blanket effect that tries to apply it to everything.
And I don't think it's got any sort of way of...
Actually, you know, now that I think about it, I don't think that it's extending the surfaces into the into the background.
I think it's extending them into the foreground.
So that's why when you see a character walk around something that might be kind of a separate layer, it's actually having him go behind it when it tries to apply the effect.
Yeah, I think this is like a blanket effect that's supposed to be doing the whole thing, but it doesn't quite work for everything.
So just saying.
OK, well, we'll see, you know, this is probably going to be one of those things.
It's like, oh, it's really cool.
But then, you know, we probably won't see a lot of practical use for it.
But, you know, I'll link video of it to the chat room.
Just because it's not necessarily practical doesn't mean this guy hasn't had a heck of an achievement with it.
And I think that's that's a really cool kind of tech thing to show that he can do it.
Going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com, actdeftinchat says, I prefer what the 3D classic games on the Nintendo 3DS do or what Shovel Knight on the 3DS does.
Yeah, I like I like the classic games on the 3DS too, just with the very subtle like the planes are just on different levels.
I think that's that's cool.
So it's it's interesting if this might automate a little more of that.
But anyway, let's move on.
All right.
So if you remember that show you guys did after PlayStation Experience, one of the games I raved about and probably my game of the show, if it wasn't for like ResVR, was Thumper, which is a rhythm violence game.
And it's amazing.
And there was a PlayStation blog about it this past week.
And it's coming to PSVR.
And that is so cool.
So now there are at least two games for PSVR that are worth your time and it can still be played in 2D on PS4 or if you get PSVR, it's going to be in full 3D.
And that just makes me super excited for this game.
And I love Thumper and it's so much fun.
Apparently at Best Buy, it's on the demos.
They're kiosks.
I had no idea until I just read about it.
So everybody should go out to your local Best Buy and try it out and see if you like it, especially if you're a fan of rhythm games, because that's what it is.
It's just a rhythm game that's really intense.
So since you've played Thumper and since you've had time on the PlayStation VR, obviously you didn't get to do both because it was an announcer there.
Yeah.
But do you think Thumper is a game that will work well in VR?
Yes.
Do you think it's a game that's going to translate into VR and will be given something additional from the VR?
I'm not sure if it'll be given something additional.
I think it may be the preferred way to play.
It was actually a question I asked the guy at the booth was if it was going to come to PSVR and he said he wasn't sure at that time.
Clearly he was a liar because there's no way this just started happening.
But I think it's going to be a lot more fun in VR.
However, if you have like a really nice sound system for your entertainment setup, that may be the better way to go because the music, I mean, it's all about musical cues for the rhythm aspects of this game.
So like the better you can hear it, probably the more you'll get out of it.
But I would want to play it in VR.
I think that'd just be way too much fun.
So even though you're on a game hiatus, I can still be super hyped for an awesome game like Thumper.
But do you think PlayStation VR is going to break you?
No, because I'm pretty sure Pokemon Sun and Moon will be out before PSVR.
Well, we'll know this. We're getting the answer this week.
We are?
On PlayStation VR, yeah. Isn't GDC this week?
But did they say they're going to announce the date?
Well, PlayStation is doing a VR press conference, basically.
So and we know it's about VR, so I'm not sure what else there is to announce, especially since they said.
I know they just announced Thumper.
So what else?
I mean...
Date and price. Call me crazy, but that would be...
Crazy.
All right. Well, I am crazy for a little game on my cell phone called Ingress.
And I'm really excited that the same company is making a game called Pokemon Go.
And I'm really, really excited to check this out.
But what's weird is that Niantic actually backed out of GDC to do a panel there.
And we've talked about that before.
But what did come up this week is that they are going to be doing a beta test for Pokemon Go.
A legit one.
Not one of the spam things you see online that's trying to get your personal information.
But Niantic has actually announced a legitimate one.
And you have to have an Android or an iOS device.
You can go to the official website at NianticLabs.com and register.
Oh, and you also have to live in Japan because it is a Japanese...
Darsaka just made a face.
Like she was really excited for this.
And now, oh, by the way, you also have to live in Japan.
And that is something that's supposed to kick off a little later this month.
There will be an NDA attached to it, but ha, ha, ha, ha.
That is going to get broken within seconds.
Let's be real.
So, yeah, we'll see what the game is all about once that rolls out a little later this month.
I really wish there wasn't an NDA because I would like to see what it's actually going to look like if it's worth the time.
It's going to get broken.
I know, I know, I know.
But I don't want to have to wait an extra minute to know the information.
I want it as soon as I can.
Uh, SSG100Matt over at live.vognetwork.com says, I don't trust any Pokemon Go beta signups.
There are so many scams involved with fake beta signups.
That's why you should only go to Niantic's official site, NianticLabs.com, and that will have the link if you're in Japan.
If you are AkumaJP, who I don't see in chat right now, the Daylight Savings might've messed stuff up for his time, but...
Do they even have that there?
Uh, well that's why, because we observed it and other places didn't, the time shifted of this show for other people.
Um, so, but anyway, maybe he'll sign up.
I don't even know if this is something that interests him though, but hopefully somebody we know over there will get in and send me some screenshots and let me know what to look forward to.
But I just, I feel like, especially within the Ingress circles, people will start sharing screenshots within the Ingress circles and they'll make their way out as things tend to spread around the internet.
That's what usually happens.
Uh, I do want to mention this though, since we are talking about Pokemon.
Pokemon Go will not be the only Pokemon mobile game, which makes sense because we already have the Pokemon, uh, match three game.
I always forget the name of, what's that game called?
The Pokemon, uh, shuffle, shuffle full.
Yes.
I actually like to say Pokemon Puzzle League.
I'm like, no, no, no, no, no.
That's a different match for game.
Uh, anyhow, the Pokemon company has announced a collaboration with Heroes, which is a Japanese startup on a free to play strategy board game called Pokemon Co-Master.
Uh, this is something where, uh, Heroes, I guess previously did board game apps and an AI system.
Um, so this technology is going to be used in Pokemon Co-Master.
So this is a, uh, uh, app that is scheduled to come out in the spring in Japan around iOS and Android platforms.
So lots more Pokemon coming to your cell phone for the 20th anniversary.
Let's move on Dark Soccer.
You know, it's not going to come on your regular 3DS SNES games.
Oh yes, this again.
Well, Nintendo did put out a statement and I'm just going to read it as is.
Um, as previously announced new Nintendo 3DS has an improved CPU, which enables Super NES games to run on the system with quality results.
The Super NES games also include perfect pixel mode, which allows players to see their games in their original TV resolution and aspect resolution, um, which sounds to me like
I mean, I understand that emulators have proved proven that there are some games that won't handle perfectly, but still if the 3DS can play Nintendo 64 games.
Why can't it do mode seven?
You know, the, the, here's the thing, the tech stuff, I got into it on Twitter this week, not into it, but you know, respectfully.
And so I had a lot of tech stuff thrown at me on Twitter.
And so it's kind of like, okay, I get it.
You know, I understand that there is some complexities that come with the emulation, especially with all the different, um, like they, they use this game as an example.
The, um, Speedy Gonzalez, I think is the game they use as an example.
Um, where certain things won't happen if a mode is not enabled perfectly.
And I think it has to do more with, do you want to emulate the Super Nintendo perfectly takes a lot of power or do you want to do it half-assed?
But one of these stories that I was linked to, actually, I kind of think gave a little credit to the whole, well, if Nintendo put a little more work in it, they could probably pull it off.
And that was about the whole emulator, SNES 9X, which back in the day was an early Super Nintendo emulator.
Uh, and what it did for certain games was for like the top 50 games, it had pre-established speed settings already in there for the top 50 games.
And I think that was part of the problem with the emulation is that because it can really vary so much on Super Nintendo, some games will run too fast.
Some games will run too slow.
Uh, for example, you might try to go play The Legend of Zelda on Super Nintendo and the Triforce animation in the beginning will be wrong because it rotates too fast, like that type of thing.
So, I mean, from that perspective, I kind of get it, but I, here's the thing, a lot of what goes on in gaming, like it or not, a lot of what goes on in gaming is perception.
Like it or not, perception goes a long way.
And so the fact is when the 3DS can emulate Game Boy Advance, but it can't do Super Nintendo, the perception is Nintendo's holding off because they want more money.
But the reality at this point for me and this story is I'm kind of like, there's really no debate left here.
Like if you're telling me they can't do it from a technical standpoint, fine, I accept that.
The reality is, was I going to buy this anyway? Was I going to buy Pilotwings for the third time anyway? No. I'm not going to pay full price for another game like that.
Wait, buy Pilotwings for the third time? Why did you buy it for a second time?
On the Wii and on the Wii U.
But it's just Pilotwings. It's not worth the second purchase.
But I'm just saying that the reality is that it was purchased twice.
Anyway, so I'm not going to get, but even if it was the second time, I still wouldn't, because some might argue, but there was a discount that, okay, fine, whatever, I still wouldn't get it again just to play on the 3DS because it's just not.
Now, if Nintendo was putting out more virtual console games or virtual console games that were kind of new and interesting, like I don't know, second Densetsu 3 or something that we never got to experience before,
then maybe I would care a lot more, but the games they're putting out, and yes, I'm even saying this about EarthBound.
I'm totally content with the fact that I can just play EarthBound on the Wii U. That's fine. I don't need it on my 3DS.
Disagree. I'm like happy that, at least for some of those games, that they're going to be portable on 3DS now.
Having Super Metroid on there, brilliant. Love that. Having Link to the Past, great.
Having EarthBound, even better. When it came out on Wii U, I was like, man,
I wish this was just on the 3DS instead because I actually prefer my RPGs handheld now for some reason.
So I just want more games from Nintendo to come out. I want the Japanese list.
Well, I have a Japanese 3DS, so it doesn't even matter, but that would have been so much better to have all those games.
So here's the thing. If my old 3DS could have played them, would I be buying a few games here
and there to check it out? Probably. I probably would have ended up picking up EarthBound and
some of the, like Super Metroid, yeah. Okay, Super Metroid's a game I'll buy 50 times, let's be real.
I probably would have bought that, but am I really, am I going, I think the question on the table is,
am I going to buy a new 3DS just so I can play Super Nintendo games? No, but you should buy it
for other reasons. What? What other reasons? Xenoblade. Which is playable on the Wii.
Yeah, but it's not on your, it's not handheld. Like, I'm not convinced the new 3DS, but here's the
other thing, Shane. The NX is how far away? I'm just gonna wait for the NX. That's the, that's the
biggest thing right now against me getting the new 3DS is that we have a really good feeling, like,
you know, our guts say the NX is going to be a partially portable system, so why would I drop
200 bucks on a new 3DS right now when I know an NX is about to come out? I'm gonna wait. How much
did you say you were gonna drop on it? I don't know, what are they even right now, 179? They're
175 at some places for the XL and then, like, you can get deals on the regular. But I don't,
I don't play enough portable gaming to justify that, like, why won't you accept the answer that
I'm just not interested? Because, as somebody who buys every Nintendo handheld multiple times,
I just don't understand. Great, then buy another one for me.
Anyway, uh, all right, let's, uh, you know, in college I got two Game Boy Advance SPs,
a blue one and a red one, because I was going to a university whose colors were blue and red.
I'm with Dark Tetsuya in chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
I can't even with Shane right now.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Country Radio at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase, tooth. So, all right, uh, let's, let's travel around the world and check
out some release dates. Let's check out some games that you can play on a variety of platforms,
and we'll start with the US. Were you able to get the US dates in Loki's absence, Shane?
Yeah, I'm just using the, the link you told me to go to, so if they're wrong it's your fault.
All right, cool.
All right, um, so this week, on the 15th, for Xbox One and PS4 you've got EA Sports
UFC 2. Uh, on PC you've got Need for Speed. On PS4 you've got something called Salt and Sanctuary.
On Win- or on PC, PS4 and Xbox One you have Sheltered. On the 16th, on Xbox One you have
Dungeon of the Endless. On Xbox One you also have Shantae and the Pirate's Curse.
On the 18th you have, on the 3DS, Mario and Sonic at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games. And then the big,
probably released for Nintendo this week, really, on Wii U will be Pokken Tournament.
That's this week.
Kind of a big deal.
Yes, and remember to buy your early copies so you can get your Shadow Mew Two card.
Or don't.
But you probably will.
You probably will.
All right, let's travel over to Japan and check out the releases over there.
On the PlayStation 4 this week, Battlefield 4 gets a premium edition into the Best Hits
collection, so a little price reduction on that. As far as new stuff goes, though, there is
Senran Kagura Estival vs. Shoujo Tachi no Sentaku Regular and Sakura edition come out this week,
on the 17th. Over on the Wii U, Pokken Tournament gets its release in Japan as well this week,
and you can get a tournament controller or a Pro Pad that goes with that if you want,
over in Japan. On the Vita this week in Japan, Wanda Fortune R comes out on the Vita. Also,
Omerta Code, Tycoon Kai, and Digimon World Next Order comes out in Japan this week.
Which reminds me, I forgot to watch the new episodes of Digimon Try.
I did not even know new stuff for Digimon was airing.
It's set after Digimon Zero 2, so it's the original team.
I see. And then over on the 3DS this week, there's really not a lot of new games,
but Japan is getting that same... You know how we got a bunch of price reduced games here on
Nintendo platforms? What are they calling that, Shane? Do you remember?
Nintendo Selects.
That's it, Nintendo Selects. In Japan, they're calling it the Happy Price Selection.
So the Happy Price Selection is getting releases such as Luigi's Mansion 2,
Kuma Tomo, Nintendogs Plus Cats, and what might be of interest to some people,
Taiko no Tatsujin, Chibi Dragon 2, Fushijina Orb is also getting a price reduction.
So check out some of those releases in Japan if you want.
Dark Sakura, how about the UK?
Well, I'm trying to still act deaf something, but fine.
He can wait.
Yeah. For the UK, we have, on the 16th, Dungeon of the Endless on Xbox One,
the 17th Mutant Mud Super Challenge, Need for Speed, and Obscura Test for PC.
And on the 18th, we have Pokken Tournament, and that's it.
All right, just a couple more stories for you guys, and then the classic game of the week.
But first, Shane.
Oh, I don't know. I wasn't paying attention. What?
Wake up, next story.
Okay, and I don't know why I'm getting all the things being cancelled stories.
So, also cancelled.
You're a downer. Let's be real.
Also cancelled is EverQuest Next. Sorry.
And so, that's it. It's cancelled. I didn't read the story. I was watching dog video.
Um, um, um, um.
This is something-
Hold on!
Okay.
You want more wine, Shane?
What?
You want more wine?
I already poured me more wine. Thank you.
Um, so, President of Daybreak Games Russell Shanks said,
uh, when we decided to create the next chapter in the EverQuest journey, we didn't aim low.
We set out to make something revolutionary.
Unfortunately, as we put together the pieces, we found that it wasn't fun.
That is the best reason to cancel games.
Did he really just say, sorry guys, we didn't set the bar low enough?
Is that what I'm hearing?
No, no. You have- because you're drunk. No.
He's saying that they were trying to make the best game they could, but what they made wasn't fun.
I wish more developers would realize this, like, before they get too far into the process,
because I have a story from Konami that is just hilarious that I probably shouldn't talk about.
Um, anyway.
So, while EverQuest Next is not going forward, Landmark, um, is.
And it's going to launch this spring for 10 bucks.
So, Landmark, I think, was the, uh, like, the build whatever you want sort of thing in EverQuest.
Yeah, and some of the, like, all-star stuff from that game was supposed to make its way
to EverQuest Next. Like, the two were supposed to kind of, uh, be in the same universe anyway,
so maybe they can just fold whatever they had into Landmark, which would make sense.
Maybe. Um, but hopefully they don't fold the un-fun things that he was talking about into it.
Hopefully it's a pretty safe bet that those are not coming over.
Mmm. All right, uh, well, let's get into this next story, and, uh, this is a tricky situation,
and, um, it involves people we've had on this show before, and people that, um, may actually
still listen to this show. Um, so I have to kind of be careful how I, how I, uh, approach this,
because I'm going to admit, I don't really know a lot of what is going on here. I'm just seeing a
lot of the fallout on what's happening on Twitter and so forth, and, uh, it's very interesting.
And then, unfortunately, I think just shows the difficulty and what goes with
releasing a new console and putting out, um, new ideas out there. So, here's the deal. About a
month ago, the Coleco Chameleon, do you remember what the Coleco Chameleon was? This was that retro
video game console that was born of that retro magazine community, uh, ended up, I guess,
teaming up and getting the rights with Coleco to put their name on it, and, uh, so it was going to
end up being the Coleco Chameleon. I know we've talked about this on the show previously. So,
the Coleco Chameleon actually showed up at a toy fair and people were able to, uh, check it out.
That same toy fair that had all the Power Rangers toys. I was going crazy.
Yes. And you didn't go to, and so you didn't get to do this. Um, Coleco ended up as a result of
what happened at toy fair and showing the device at toy fair is that Coleco actually basically
terminated the association they had with retro VGS and the whole Chameleon project in a statement
saying, retro has decided that the work they have created is not sufficient to demonstrate at this
time. Consequently, we can no longer proceed with the project and the Chameleon project will be
terminated. This separation is amicable. We wish retro luck in the future. The thing is, this was
a bit of a one, two punch because the managing editor of retro magazine actually announced on
LinkedIn that he was going to be leaving the company and cited, in fact, the ongoing issues
with Chameleon as part of the reason why they were leaving. I have to separate myself from
everything associated with it. Retro VGS, the Facebook page, I guess suddenly disappeared.
I haven't checked the Twitter today, but when I checked the Twitter the other day, it hadn't
updated in a little bit. I will have to look into that. Um, and then, uh, yeah, so unfortunately
it's, it's not looking too good over there. I will say this, since I do know that there are
people involved with the project who may still be listening to OLR, uh, open fair forum. If you
want to come on here and just, just tell us like it is what's going on, uh, happy to have that,
uh, open invite. Um, and with that, I kind of feel like, and again, this is perception. What did I
say during a few stories ago? So I'm just going off perception. I don't know the inner workings
of what, you know, happened with this, but my perception is that when you are creating a big,
big project, and this can even be a video game and even tying into what we said about, you know,
Microsoft and Lionhead Studios and all that earlier is that when you're making a big video
game, there are certain steps along the way, certain hurdles you have to clear, certain
deadlines you have to meet to be able to convince people that the project should continue to be
funded. And the perception I'm getting is that maybe they had to cut some corners. We'll put it
that way to get a device out at Toy Fair that would, uh, be able to get this out in the public
and meet some of those goals. But unfortunately, when it kind of turned out that what they were
showing at Toy Fair was not really the same thing that they were saying this device was going to be,
that's when essentially the landmark was considered failed and Coleco had to pull out that
that seems to be my perception of what's going on here. Um, anyway, I know people are looking
forward to the device. I hope they're able to find a path forward and continue this,
but I can certainly imagine that this one, two punch may be a little tricky to recover from,
but maybe they can find another investor. Uh, who knows, uh, some comments from chat over at live.vog
and network.com. Dark Tetsuya in chat says word was the proto was just a Super Nintendo and or
a video capture card in the Coleco shell. Yeah, I was hearing that too. Um, I wasn't there, so I
can't say. Uh, Dark Tetsuya says, I really don't know what to make of everything that happened. I
heard a lot of things. Everything just seemed to go downhill since the Toy Fair fiasco. Um,
well, I mean, if, if it was coming that Coleco was going to pull out, some people see that as,
oh shit, I might be on a sinking ship. And that might be the cause of what's starting to snowball
from this. But, um, I don't know. Again, this is, this is tricky. So I'm going to try and end this
on a positive note with something that I think is kind of neat. The Coleco folks are coming out of
this and pretty quickly getting around to asking on their Facebook. And they did this on Friday.
They actually went to social media to ask the public, would they be interested in a mini arcade
revival? Now I love these things when I was a kid and surely Dark Sakura has to know these little
devices. They were the very tiny little tabletop devices that actually looked like arcade machines.
There was Pac-Man, Ms. Pac-Man, Frogger, Donkey Kong. Yeah, I always wanted one too. And I never
got one, but apparently Coleco is considering bringing those back. Um, and they use this thing
called a VFD, a vacuum fluorescent display, which sort of, you know, they're able to do color with
it, although it's still kind of limited, like an old LCD game, like a Mr. Game and Watch type of
thing, but it actually looked kind of cool. So, uh, anyway, they're actually having a discussion
on their Facebook page. Uh, and you can check that out over on the Coleco Facebook page. That
might be an interesting thing that might come out of this. Uh, I would like to see those games. I
don't know about you. Anyhow, uh, let's move on. We're going to get to the classic game of the
week. Every week, uh, Dark Sakura dives into the gaming vault and finds a game that she thinks,
hey, you brats ought to check this game out this week. Uh, sadly not a Coleco game this week,
but a very good game nevertheless. So Dark Sakura, what did you decide that the kids need to play
this week? The Legend of Zelda Link's Awakening. No need to break out the brick for this.
It's just sound familiar. Um, in Japan, it was called, um, Zelda no Densetsu Yume no- Yumeo
Mirishima, which was, uh, Legend of Zelda Dream Island. Um, it came out in 1993, um, developed by
Nintendo Entertainment Analysis and Development, and it was published for the Game Boy. It was the,
uh, fourth installment in the Legend of Zelda series. Um, it was also the first portable
version. Um, so it actually began as a port of Link to the Past, uh, developed just after hours
by Nintendo. Um, and the project then, uh, grew into an original one. Um,
and, uh, basically it did a few more firsts. It was the first one not set in Hyrule.
Didn't include Zelda or the Triforce. So it starts off with Link stranded on, um, an island,
uh, guarded by, uh, the Wind Fish. And so basically you fight through puzzles and
search for these different musical instruments so that you can wake the Wind Fish and escape from
the island. Um, it did, uh, so well. It was so, uh, so loved that there was a remake for the Game Boy
Color in 1998, um, called The Legend of Zelda Link's Awakening DX, and it had full color graphics,
and you could use the Game Boy Printer with it, and had an exclusive color-based dungeon. Um,
the two together, the two versions have sold more than six million units around the world, and it's,
uh, a classic. I mean, really it is. Um, as far as, uh, you know, more of the story, you do have,
like, a mention of Zelda but not too much else. Um, the game also, interesting, has, uh,
advice given to you by other NPCs, um, that, like, there's actually a character who communicates with
Link by the telephone. Um, there also are cameos from other Nintendo titles. There's Wart, Yoshi,
Kirby, um, Dr. Wright from SimCity, who's called Mr. Wright, and, um, uh, another, uh,
character from a, uh, looks like a Japanese-only game. Um, his name is, uh, Richard, and he's from,
uh, Karunotame ni Kanewanaru, so, which, yeah, that looks like old school Game Boy.
It's called For Frog the Bell Tolls, to translate it. Um, you also have Chomp. You remember Chomp
from the various Mario games. He's so cute. Um, there's also a glitch involving the,
the Chain Chomp, from what I understand. You also see Goombas and all kinds of other things, so
it's basically just kind of out there for a Legend of Zelda game. In fact, the director, um,
uh, Tezuka Takashi said that it's supposed to be, it makes it feel more like a parody of the
Zelda series. Um, including characters even breaking the fourth wall, um, like the little
children telling you how to save the game, but then they don't admit that they understand what
they're talking about. So, it's a pretty, pretty interesting one. It's, you know, it's again
another, uh, overhead perspective, a Zelda game, but there's also jumping mechanics and
side-scrolling sequences that are kind of like, um, Zelda 2, and, you know, special items and
different things like that. And, uh, you can also fish in it and play songs on an ocarina,
um, so different type of, you know, stuff like that. And it is a classic, but, you know, the
other thing too is it really did, the DX version did make advantage of that old Game Boy printer.
Who remembers that? You could print out, like, really bad pixelated pictures that you would take.
Um, so there you go. That's the game. I remember playing this on Game Boy Color,
because I think that's the only way you can do it is on Game Boy Color. I could not do it on the
black and white one. Did you know that this game also has, um, a Guinness World Record award?
No, I didn't. Um, it's 42nd place in the Guinness World Records 2009 list of top 50 most
influential and important video games of all times. Interesting. I wonder how many Zelda
games made that list. I'm sure a lot of them did. So there it is, your classic game of the week,
Link's Awakening, the classic one in the Zelda series. And of course, with the whole, uh,
Twilight Princess being re-released on Wii U, it's very timely as well. All right, we're going to
take a quick break, everybody. Uh, but when we come back, there is plenty more OLR to come.
We'll get to the Fugu question of the week. We'll get to, uh, an acquisition in the gaming industry
and, uh, Ooh, the latest in copyright infringement on YouTube. That should be fun.
We'll talk about that when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio, right after this.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio live tonight with the continuation of our 634th
episode for this March the 13th of 2016. Myself, Dark Sakura here in studio with Shane filling in
for Loki tonight, who is home with a sick kid and we hope they are feeling better soon. Uh,
this week, St. Patrick's day. Uh, do you guys do anything to celebrate St. Patrick's day? No. I
know some cities have big events and things like that. I was seeing some pictures from my friends
in Chicago that were having a good old time this weekend. Which is purely an American holiday
anyway. Well, it is. Let's be real. We've, we've ruined a lot of holidays here. I'm sure, uh,
Cinco de Mayo here is probably not like what it is other places. Let's be real.
Well, and I'll, I'll tell you this. Cinco de Mayo is not really celebrated anywhere else in the
country. No, I'm serious. I had never even known it was an actual holiday. Um, until I moved to
California. And then again, we had Mardi Gras first. People just use it for $5 margarita
specials. Mobile, Alabama had Mardi Gras first. Don't let anyone tell you differently because
they're lying. But was it the kind of Mardi Gras where you showed your boobies for beads?
No, because New Orleans took that and ruined the holiday. And for that, by the way, I guarantee
you anyone who does that for real in New Orleans will end up arrested within the next 10 minutes.
I kid you not. They have the entire force out in patrol.
All right. Uh, enough holidays. Let's, uh, let's get back into some gaming news with some rapid
fire news. We're going to get to the Fugu question of the week after this. And of course,
your phone calls coming up later in the show at 1-877-GAMO-LR or username on Skype,
orange lounge radio. Skype is probably the best way to do it. Since everybody has that on their
smartphones at this point, you can add us on Skype, orange lounge radio. That's all one word.
Meanwhile, let's get into some rapid fire news. Shane.
Okay. I'm just going to talk about them super quick because they're rapid fire. Uh, there is
a Xenoblade Chronicles X, a little model kit coming out for one of the scales. Uh, the formula
zero frame looks like it's going around for about $70. It's super cute. The scales are awesome in
that game and it can transform into the vehicle mode. So that's cool. Okay. Enough about that.
Next, uh, round one is expanding into other places, New York, Georgia, Colorado,
and Pennsylvania. Um, I still haven't been to a round one. We have one in San Jose.
Why haven't we gone? Anybody? This is up for like anybody can answer this.
It's got to have given me enough incentive to go. No, I'm just kidding. I don't have a good reason.
Is that what you want? I keep wanting to go there. Um, but in San Jose this weekend,
we could have made a trip of it because rockage was this weekend in San Jose.
And I really wanted to go, but a the weather be just, I've been like, nonstop, go, go, go. I was
like, I need a down weekend or I'm going to just crack. So anyway, we'll go eventually.
Sure. Um, lastly, harmonics has ditched, um, mad cats and is now working with PDP or performance
design products. Um, they are going to be, uh, working with them to make the instruments for
rock band. And, uh, this is apparently going to, um, come out alongside a major update coming this
fall for rock band four. So as much crap as everybody's given mad cats over the past,
I don't know, whenever they started putting stuff out, um, I felt for the most part,
their rock band stuff was pretty quality. So it's not surprising that they are moving on since
I think mad cats lost like so many like high up people recently because they had a bad, bad, uh,
financials, but, um, maybe PDP can make even better instruments. And I'm kind of curious
about what this major rock band four feature update this fall is going to be.
It almost sounds like they're going to relaunch the game in a way for this holiday season.
Like you had last holiday rock band four and there'll be like the real rock band for this
holiday. Well then what's next year, the real, real rock band for maybe rock band 4.5. Well,
maybe that'll be this year. Maybe. All right. Um, Hey, how about rocket league? Are you guys
enjoying rocket league? Cause that game's a lot of fun and there's a new mode that's being teased
for the game. Rocket league is going to get a basketball mode as if, uh, hitting the ball into
the goal was not enough to soccer base mode. Now there's going to be a basketball mode and yes,
uh, you are going to have a big wide net on the ground. It's not very tiny. It's actually a huge
wide net, but you do have to get the ball in the net, which means you're going to have to know the
skills with your car to be able to launch the ball into the air. So it's going to be even more
of a cluster fuck, honestly. Um, now we don't know when this is coming out, but considering
March madness starts March 15th, it's a pretty good guess that it's probably going to be time
for this month. We'll see. Um, we talked a lot about Twitch earlier in the show, but it's
important to note there are other places to stream games and YouTube gaming of course is one of them
that's been trying to gain more and more traction. Well, YouTube gaming is actually now in some more
countries. Uh, YouTube gaming earlier this week made its way to Canada, which I didn't realize
it wasn't in Canada. Like usually, usually they're pretty good about getting most stuff that we get
here in the U S but YouTube gaming finally expanded to Canada and three more countries,
Ireland, Australia, and New Zealand. Of course, that is the mobile app for iOS and Android devices.
Um, and YouTube is saying it will go into many more countries soon. Uh, there's also some updates
that went with that. The Android app now supports the 60 frames per second playback. So that's
pretty cool. Uh, and also an update on desktops. The homepage is simplified with no more sidebars.
There's a live tab on the homepage that will take you to a lineup of all the top streams and games
that are on the air. And then you can manage games and, excuse me, and channels that you are
subscribed to. Uh, and lastly, if you are looking for a place to buy Japanese video games, like let's
say maybe there used to be a retailer that you used to use, and then they kind of went cuckoo
bananas on social media. And so you've been looking for somebody else to use, uh, Amazon
may now be a resource for you guys. That's so cool. Uh, Amazon, Japan will now ship video game
hardware and software international. Wait, wait, wait. Hardware's go. I heard last I heard hardware
was not working. Uh, according to this story, it's hardware, but, uh, cause the, the NeoGaf
post I was reading, um, people were trying to get a PS4 consoles. Interesting. And those weren't
working, but anything software related. What about Amiibo? Why there's like plenty of places
that sell them for just as cheap. I was worth asking. Excuse me. I don't know. I, I would assume
yes, but anyhow, uh, shipping is less than $10 a game. It should be noted. It doesn't matter if
you're an Amazon prime member. Amazon, Japan is a little bit separate. So keep that in mind. It'll
be interesting to see how that shifts the dynamic, uh, around, uh, dark Sakura.
Well, we have some interesting, uh, news from, uh, about the BAFTA. Um, there are nominations,
uh, out for the, uh, Academy, British Academy games award in 2016. We have, um, everybody's
gone to the rapture. Yay. It should win her story and the Witcher three, not Witcher three.
Um, well, uh, actually let me do by, uh, the number of nominations. Everybody's gone to the
rapture has 10 it's the leader. Oh, um, her story and the Witcher three have seven Batman,
Arkham Knight, life is strange and rocket league. I'll have five. And, um, they also said that
Dara O'Brien is to return as the host for the award ceremony. So that's cool. And then, um,
Rhapsody, which is a music streaming service is going to be coming for the Wii U, um,
sneaking ahead of other services, such as Spotify. Um, you can also get a 30 day free
trial directly through the Wii U. Um, and if you live outside the U S Rhapsody operates as
Napster. I remember Napster over here. When it was really good and when you can get useful.
Yes. I got so much Eurobeat that way. That's how long ago that was. Yeah. I'm like,
I think I got a lot of dance mania albums out of hamster. I'd also like to ask if I'm like the
only one of us in the room that got the meat Omo invite. I didn't get an invite, but I signed up
for their little network. Yeah. Um, well, Nintendo, um, has announced that the app, uh,
me Tomo is going to be, um, launching in Japan on March 17th. We don't have the U S state,
but you can register for it. I got an email for that for the Japanese one. Um,
since I have a Japanese Nintendo account, but I didn't pay attention.
Oh, is that it? Uh, yeah. All right. That's what I said. That's it. Oh, I didn't hear,
I didn't hear that. I'm multitasking. Takes a lot to do a radio show over here. I'm here.
I thought I was the old one. Anyhow, let's get to the foogle question of the week. Every week,
uh, we ask you guys a question on our Facebook community and our Google plus community.
You slam those words together and you get foogle.
Uh, this week we decided to ask, how do you get your gaming news?
Uh, do you use a popular or indie website that you get your news from?
Does it come from social media? Cause I don't know about you guys. I get a lot from Twitter,
uh, podcasts or YouTube. I swear. I'm not like self promoting or what I'm generally
curious. Do you use podcasts or YouTube even or what have you? How do you stay informed on your
favorite games and development? So it's just kind of curious what sort of answers we'd get with
this. So, uh, Mike B starts us off saying I use YouTube. It's awesome. I used to watch G4 back
in the day. Now I don't think cable TV has a game show like X play, et cetera. Kind of sad since it's
a billion dollar industry. Uh, Bryce H says, I usually get my gaming news from my Nintendo news,
whenever someone posts to Twitter. And of course you guys. Oh, shucks. Uh,
Dark Tetsuya says, I also want to shout out my Nintendo news, especially in recent months. And
with the NX rumblings, they've been keeping us busy with news rumors. Uh, Winston H says,
I used to get most of it from joystick before it became a part of Engadget. Otherwise now pretty
much from OLR and the co-optional podcast, uh, other games websites just simply have been copying
and pasting articles from other websites, which has become a disturbing trend, not just in games
news outlets, but also mainstream. I could go on a tangent on that, but I'm going to try really hard
not to. Okay. I'll say a little bit. The part that gets me is that somebody will copy and
paste one of those articles and then they'll put it on Facebook with one of those stupid,
like, here's the top six reasons why Donald Trump is a fucking asshole. As if we didn't already
know you won't believe number five. And it's like kind of playing on that emotion where it's like,
Oh, I got to see this hideous accident or whatever, you know, what's going on. It's just,
it's crazy. Anyway, that's just a side tangent. Um, let's see. Renji221 says, well, if I don't
get my gaming news from you guys at OLR, I usually get it from Facebook. Critical Myths says
combination of podcasts and Facebook mostly. Andrew S says, my gaming news mostly comes from
OLR. Otherwise it's the little bit of advertising I see on Facebook and then look into on YouTube or
word of mouth. SSU100Matt says, I mostly follow a few indie people and a few of the major gaming
news sites on Twitter, but I leave it up to OLR and Bobby Black Wolf to give me the full detailed
rundown of everything I miss. Redertainment says, I like to get my news from a diverse number of
sources, not leaning towards one outlet over any others. I do avoid getting any news from Kotaku.
Kotaku is the only Gawker outlet I expressly avoid. Veronica Isabel says, I get my gaming
news from Go Nintendo, VOG Network and word of mouth. Andy R says, pretty much all social media
and podcasts and occasionally straight from company press releases thanks to the site I write
for. Well, you have a little bit of a different perspective if you're actually working in the
media. Raginator says, I tend to check epic bundle.com, a deals aggregate site to find out
about any freebie games that are being given away for free. That's an interesting response because
instead of following gaming news, Raginator is following gaming deals. And it's like,
that's the part I care about. Show me where it's cheap right now. And I imagine, you know, sites
like CheapAssGamer and a lot of the similar sites probably have a lot of fans that do that exact
same thing. That's what they're in it for is the deals. We do have a couple answers over on Google
Plus as well, where Act F says, I get my news from Reddit, Facebook and Twitter, news outlets
or blogs. And of course, podcasts. And lastly, Prince Peach Fuzz says, I like to watch Total
Biscuit or Angry Joe on YouTube. Podcasts are the easiest way to get it, especially for when you
have long drives and radio stations suck here in SAC. Well, except Jack FM. I had no idea that
Prince Peach Fuzz was a local. Go figure. All this time, I had no idea. So there you go. And
yeah, most of the radio stations do suck. I will say that. I'll say a shout out. I don't mind
saying, I like 94.7. They play a good mix of music there. So. That's like the only station I have
on my car. But, but usually. I listen to the USB stick station. Yeah. I just listen to my,
my iPhone. Honestly, most of the time it's Spotify or podcasts for me, but once in a while,
it's like, okay, I'll listen to the radio. And actually, what even surprises me is that sometimes
I listen to talk radio. And for some reason, even though the talk radio station here is a hugely
conservative slant, which is not my political leaning. So I usually don't have interest in it.
But I still can't help but listen to it because it's also where you get the,
it's also where you get the traffic and weather updates and all that stuff.
So, anyhow, that is it for the FUGL question of the week. Let's get to, actually, I'm curious
about you guys. What do you use for your news? For me, it is like all social media. I am so
informed thanks to Twitter. That is what I use is social media for news. What do you use, Dark Sakura?
I like, I don't really, I usually pick it up here and there. Believe it or not, I actually get
information from Forbes, from Fortune, because that's the financial side of it. I really like
Game Politics. I like the announcements from, there's actually a couple of
mailing lists I'm still on, press release mailing lists from some of the contacts I made at E3 years
ago. So I'll get some of that. But mostly, I'll also get a few of them from Rocket News,
actually, which is a more like a Japanese cultural news site, but I'll get like game
information and things like that. And then also just from my friends. So.
Shane, what about you? How do you get your gaming news?
Most of mine come from websites. I go to, am I allowed to list them?
I don't really care. Whatever.
So I go to Destructoid, Silicon Era, and Kotaku. And that's it. I don't go to
any other video game sites, really. And then Twitter, I get my stuff from.
And those are my four things.
You know, what's interesting is that I wasn't, I swear I was not fishing for people to say,
Oh, LR, I love Oh LR for my news. I'm very flattered that a lot of you mentioned Oh LR.
But the thing about that is that I actually don't consider this a new show. Yes, we do go over video
game news. And so I'm flattered that some of you kind of rely on us to get that. But I always
thought of us more as a discussion show. I sort of set the bar at that people who tune into this
show probably already have an idea of what's going on in the gaming world. So I like to sort
of give bullet points and then talk about it. And you know, and I've mentioned that before is that
this show was born of, we used to go to the arcade, play DDR and Soul Calibur 2 and whatever
else was out. And then we would go to the diner that was in the parking lot, eat those fucking
delicious mozzarella sticks and talk shit about video games. And when I say talk shit, I mean,
you know, the good and the bad. And so that was always what I wanted to bring onto the radio was
that, you know, we would kind of have that same atmosphere where we're just at this virtual table
that we're all sitting at just talking about video games, but we're all informed through whatever
means. Although, and again, I'm not saying like, Oh, you can't be here if you're not informed.
We still try to give the high level bullet points just in case you hadn't heard. I mean,
usually there's a couple stories here that, Oh, I didn't know that until OLR brought it up. Like
some of you probably don't follow Twitch stuff. So you probably had no idea about that divorce
thing we talked about in the beginning, but you know, some of you probably knew more about that
than we did. So anything you want to add to that DarkSucker? I was going to say though,
informed commentary is very welcome though. Yeah. Uninformed out of your ass comments. Right.
Not so much. Yeah. I mean, as far as our banter and response with other individuals, I should
say. Sure. And I'm always for, you know, there's going to be times when we disagree. We all
disagree here in studio. Except you're wrong. And we can have that respectful disagreement. And even
with the listeners, you know, like for example, Bobby and I disagree on a lot of stuff out there,
but we can have a respectful dialogue and even listeners will call in and, you know, might say,
Hey, I think you guys are wrong on such and such topic. And I'll kind of hear that out.
I might needle them a little bit and get them to express their viewpoint a little more,
but I'm all about hearing the different opinions. I just demand we keep it respectful when we get
into the whole, like, you know, F you and the, the just disrespectful name calling and all that
stuff. I can't, I can't really deal with that. Like it's just, I'm too old for that. I am actually
too old for that. I really am. So what am I older than that? No, you are also too old for that.
There's a certain bar around the age. I don't know that you just, you just get too old for this
shit. What? I think that was like 25. Uh, yeah, probably, probably. All right. Anyhow. Uh, let's,
let's see. I just leave you in chat over at live.vog network.com. Uh,
Kaijuto in chat says everyone has an agenda. So I pretty much stay away from video game news and
just check out release dates and try myself. Or if it's PC, I read steam reviews. Kaijuto in chat
says sometimes a good F you is all you need to say. There there's an appropriate way and an
inappropriate way to say, fuck you. Like there, there really is. There's, there's a way you can
say it respectfully, but it's an art. Um, you guys know I love and I take most of my cues in life
from RuPaul, right? And RuPaul has a great quote that I think is very appropriate. I don't care if
you're straight, gay, wherever on the sexuality spectrum you are, gender spectrum. I don't give
a fuck because I think this, this quote applies to everything. Throwing shade takes creativity.
Being a bitch takes none that, and I owe that one to RuPaul. Would you agree to our soccer?
Yeah. Yeah. Anyway. All right. I should just end the show with a RuPaul quote every week. No, I
don't know. All right. Uh, let's move on. Let's, uh, get to some more stories and then we'll get to,
uh, the, um, phone calls. So you can call in and disagree over at, uh, Oren Santerio.
We'll get to the mailbag too. Maybe we'll have some disagreements in the mailbag.
If I'm, if I can. Well, let's try to get there. Let's, uh, let's get back into some news. We'll
start off with Shane. So Diablo 2 got a patch. Um, now they're trying to make it so, uh, more
people can play it. So they patched it to work on modern platforms. Um, who cares? There's Diablo 3.
Go play that. You know, a game that's really supported. And don't even play that because
Blizzard fired Zarem. And what's the point? Just, I don't understand. You're very salty
about that. Aren't you? We don't know he was fired by the way. Yes, we do because he didn't get a
blue post saying goodbye. He just left and that's fired. So all that personal business aside,
you're not going to go back and visit Diablo 2. I've never played Diablo 2. I don't care about
Diablo 2. Also, I'm not playing video games, so that doesn't matter. But, um, no. Who cares about
Diablo 2? Diablo 3 is fine enough and that's it. Sometimes you have to know your roots in gaming.
Nope. I'm never going to go play like old games that I've never played before. Well, something
else you probably don't care about Warcraft 3. I don't. Is also supposed to be getting a patch.
Like Blizzard's patching all their old games. Who cares? Some people still play those games.
So they're patching the, um, crap. No, I forgot the name. The Three Vikings. Lost Vikings. That
would be rad if they did. They're patching the Lost Vikings to work instead of the Super Nintendo.
It'll work on, you know, El Capitan. I think they have to patch all these things so that they run
better in Windows 10 since it's becoming more and more obvious that Microsoft will place you on
Windows 10 one way or the other. That's not happening. They will physically remove you
from your workstation and put you on 10. Unless, Rob. Buy a Mac, right? No. What? Turn off your
updates. I heard that even if you turn off your updates, like somebody did that and then they
woke up the next day and it was like, welcome to Windows 10. And the person like was going to
throw their computer out a window. You know what? What? I still have Windows 7. Hang on. Well, I,
I don't hate Windows 10 though. I really don't, but it's, I, every, everybody's different. I,
I didn't care for Windows 8 and there's like one random laptop at work on Windows 8 and every time
I have to use it, I'm like, how do I computer? Like, it's just so different for me, but Windows
10 is fine. No, Windows 10 is garbage. Windows 8.1 was great. All right, whatever. We still use,
do you guys know we're still, I'm not, I guess I'm not supposed to advertise. Somebody told me
I shouldn't advertise this, but too late. I always run my big mouth. We still run Windows XP here on
the studio computer, but it works. I am scared to upgrade to even Windows 7 because this method,
you heard about the crazy ordeal when I updated fucking Skype and it shut down the Skype line for
like a month. I'm afraid to update to even Windows 7. But anyway, I probably will eventually. I just
need to stop being a, a jerk. All right, let's move on. Other stories. How about League of
Legends? Although this story isn't actually about League of Legends, but the parent company,
Riot Games, who's had a lot of success with League of Legends. Well, Riot Games this week
acquired Radiant Entertainment. Radiant Entertainment has fighting game technology.
It's staffed by folks that are high up in the fighting game community, including Seth Killian,
which was a former Capcom community manager and he used to do Street Fighter commentary.
The studio originally created by Tom and Tony Cannon. They had also founded the Evolution
Championship series. Radiant has the online fighting game Rising Thunder and the town
building simulator Stonehearth. So anyhow, Rising Thunder is going to be going offline on March
18th. So the team can start on a new game, but Stonehearth will continue development as planned,
but now it will be under Riot Games. Riot Games, by the way, is not the end all be all because
Riot Games in turn is owned by Tencent, which is a Chinese company. But it doesn't surprise me that
Riot Games is trying to expand its portfolio a little bit. After all, Blizzard is much more
than World of Warcraft and we've really seen them expand their portfolio in recent years with things
like Hearthstone and Heroes of the Storm. So it makes sense that Riot Games wants to get into
other places as well. And, you know, with League of Legends being such a huge esports game,
I'm not surprised at all that they want to acquire a fighting game because that's a universe that
Blizzard isn't in, for starters. And that's something that, you know, they could take all
this expertise and try to get a fighter out there that will be at these, you know, Evolution
Championship Series and these huge fighting game tournaments that will make Riot a bigger
competitor in that space. So I think that's very interesting, a very interesting turn of events
there. And I will check that out. DarkSagra. Well, and Bobby alluded to this in the chat room.
There, Nintendo had a claim open for a video. The video was called Captain Toad Head Butts Toad
Out in the Crotch. Yeah. I'm not going to say the video is the classiest thing or the most mature,
but it was posted under fair use and Nintendo basically put out a claim on it on copyright
grounds that it used footage from Captain Toad Treasure Tracker. So the claim was disputed.
And then four weeks after that, Nintendo rejected the dispute. So the person appealed,
which gives them 30 days to release the claim or issue a takedown. And so 31 days later,
they haven't said anything. They haven't done anything. So and even the thing about it is that
the person who did it wasn't really doing it for any money. But the fact that Nintendo hasn't
really pursued it might give an indication on just exactly how seriously they take these
kind of things. I don't even think that Nintendo even watches any of these videos or tests them.
They just look out for something that has a mention of it or has been reported as having
content and they just try to take down as many of them as they can. So.
And on top of that, too, it looks like they also didn't give much of an explanation as to
really why they did it or why they didn't even reply. So that's it.
They really need to do something about that whole copyright system on YouTube. It is so
jank right now. And I've gone off telling Blue in the face about it. So I'm going to really try to
not do that again this week. But I'm glad to hear that when appropriate, they are backing off.
Well, it's not a thing that they even backed off. I think they just didn't
care enough to put out a comment on it. But I like what the person that wrote the article
is the person that posted it. And I agree with this one line here. There should be some type
of penalty for filing bogus bad faith copyright claims. Thank you. Absolutely. I stand by that.
Absolutely. And he also suggests that claimants should be required, and I'm just quoting this,
to actually respond to disputes and appeals, not just rejecting them with no explanation.
So that's it. All right. Let's move on. Shane.
So remember when Sony got hacked several years ago and it sucked for everybody? Well,
they had a class action suit that was done in 2014 where you could actually
sign up to get some free stuff from them. Apparently, since March 2nd, Sony's actually
been compensating people for it. So if you filled out that really long form, which I'm pretty sure I
did, you could be eligible to get free copies of Infamous, Big Planet, and the God of War HD
collection on your PS3 or Vita. There was also account credits and PlayStation Network
subscriptions. I haven't seen anything come through, but I could have also sworn
that I already got compensated for this. I feel like this has happened already.
We were, and this was some type of follow-up. The Sony thing was more of in good faith and not
ordered by the court. But there was that class action anyway, which is why a lot of companies
have updated their terms of use so that you can't do a class action anymore, if there's any legal
standing to that. But I digress. All these claims essentially were filed with the class action,
and now this is the official court response. But I guess if you participated in the prior
reimbursement, you can't get as many games. I think you'd only get one game as opposed to two
or something like that. I don't even care. It's whatever.
NintendoManiac64 in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com says,
When Sony got hacked, which time? The 2011 time.
No kidding. No kidding. All right. Let's move on to this story about
Zelda Wii U. I know a lot of people very excited about that. Who knows if Zelda Wii U will stay
on Wii U or if it's going to go to NX as well, although I'm sure it will at least be on Wii U,
if nothing else. There was a new interview that Anuma, the producer behind Zelda, did with
Famitsu this week. And he mentioned that the development is progressing well and that they
are very busy. He says that the game has taken shape and things have gotten easier. This means
things are progressing well. I think the base of our secret sauce has always been Ocarina of Time,
but this time the change in flavor will be like going from Japanese food to Western style food.
Perhaps players will be surprised. Look forward to it because I think we'll be able to make
something new like Ocarina of Time was. So it really sounds like they're going to shake up
the formula with Zelda, but this isn't completely out of line with, you know, what we are expecting
because they've mentioned previously that they're taking more of a Skyrim influence this time and
so things are going to be a little different. So it'll be interesting to see what happens with this.
Nintendo of course has this on the schedule for late 2016 and of course the rumors are out there
that it could launch on Nintendo NX side by side, but I think they will have to release on Wii U
because they've promised that. But it could be a Twilight Princess type of situation where they
actually release on the GameCube and the Wii, so it'll be, you know, the Wii U and the NX.
So we'll see. All right, we should have enough time to get in the mailbag. Yes, so Dark Soccer
is going to dive into the mailbag and you guys can email us every week over at participate
at orangeloungeradio.com. Again, that's participate at orangeloungeradio.com if you want to send us an
email. Dark Soccer is going to dive in head first and read the emails right now. Hi, this first one
comes from, well it's unsigned and has no nickname, so I'm just gonna say Sam. Um, it's about Rock Band 4.
I just, uh, just wanted to say back when music games were huge, I purchased Guitar Hero 3 for PC.
The game was a port done by Aspire and when they added in graphics, and they added in graphics
options. The game was a super, was super resource intense, but was gorgeous and ran so much better
than the console options. The only thing that sucked was using the Xbox guitars, as that is what
you had to do, wired ones at that. Just wanted to point out that sometimes the PC port can be badass,
just depending on the port company expertise and love for the platform. Thank you, Sam.
And then, hmm? No, that's it. You were lifting your mic. Oh, sorry. Okay. God, this is a long one. Okay.
Hello, LR. Hi, YYR. Um, I don't normally do this, but back when the Fig campaign for the PC version
of Rock Band 4 went up last week, I was, uh, browsing the site where many of us formally discussed
music games and found a post that basically sums up my argument against it. It was made by user
GTC and here it is. By the way, thinking, speaking of old music sites, you know what shirt I'm wearing
tonight? My DDR spot shirt. That is old school. On top of that, this fit me when I initially got
the shirt and now it's like a size too big, so. All right, a little reminder about their Amplitude
Kickstarter. No physical rewards are out yet. No updates when they will be sent. The only preview
we've had for physical rewards was a teaser clip of the vinyl test print a few days ago.
Never released the digital art book that was supposed to launch with the game late December.
They never even released the whole soundtrack digitally or even the full campaign soundtrack
minus licenses. PS3 version was supposed to launch alongside or damn near to the PS4 release. No word
on that still. Campaigns talked about the DLC. Now there are no plans for it. So, F-Harmonics,
they're still trying to rebuild Rock Band 4 into something that won't even match Rock Band 3.
They haven't fulfilled their previous campaign and now they're coming around again with their
handout. Fuck that. All right, moving back to this. Back to my personal opinion, my belief is that
it's just plain bad form to start asking for money again before fulfilling the commitments you made
to the last time you asked for money. The only positive thing I saw in their sales pitch was the
Sumo Digital is supposedly handling the port. They are fantastic, rest assured, and I'm certain that
they will do a great job. But the whole thing just feels so disrespectful toward their previous
supporters that I can't bring myself to get on board. On last week's show, you discussed
Microsoft's announcement of rolling Xbox One hardware upgrades. But expressed skepticism
regarding how consumers would receive them. I think there is an easy way to do this that is both
easy to understand and consumer friendly. It takes after the way Capcom handled the last two
Street Fighter IV upgrades, which were released as both a full retail disc and expensive DLC
for Super Street Fighter IV. Microsoft could call the first upgrade Xbox Two. They could sell it
both as a new console, which would replace Xbox One at retail, and an upgrade module that would
connect to the existing Xbox One, from which could sell for under $200. That makes me think of how
the Famicon disc worked or the 64DD for the Nintendo 64. If they have the strategy in mind
from the beginning, then they would already have designed the Xbox One to interface with such a
module. Games could then be sold as Xbox One games, which would run on both. Xbox Two games would
require the better hardware. Or games that would run on both with increased performance for Xbox
Two. I would be shocked if in the future, Microsoft encourages developers to create games in the
latter category. Right? Yeah. I think that that's an interesting concept. It still makes me think,
though, of the Nintendo 64DD or the Famicon disc. There's one paragraph. I didn't know if you were
going to make a comment. I figured their vision of the future is one where a guy can walk into
the store, buy a game that says Xbox, and run it on his console, regardless of which Xbox he has.
But the better his hardware level, the better it will look. Though perhaps we might start thinking
of labels like requires Xbox Two or better. What would you think of a future like this?
Happy World Championship Xboxing YYR. That's it.
All right. Sorry. I missed if there was a question. I got distracted with something
else. Is there a question in there?
I was talking about, first of all, that Harmonix has their handout asking for stuff
when they haven't even fulfilled their previous commitments. So it's very disrespectful to their
initial supporters. And then the second was that you have an Xbox One and then an Xbox Two that
has a port for an upgrade, like an expansion module or something like the 64DD was,
and that you market the games accordingly.
You know, and I kind of mentioned last week about the whole fact that Nintendo
isn't exactly completely different with the whole the Wii U is kind of an upgraded Wii
is kind of an upgraded GameCube. And I think if they went that way with marketing it,
it may be less confusing. But at the same time, a lot of people thought that the Wii U was just
a Wii upgrade when it was a completely different system. So I think there will still be some
confusion out there. But I think there's ways to do it. If Microsoft gives it a very traditional
sort of naming convention, there's ways to do it. I just don't know if that necessarily means
they should. So anyway. All right, that's that does it for emails tonight. Participate
at OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you want to send an email to us in a future week. In the meantime,
let's get to the FUs of the week. Sometimes we get really angry on this show. Why? Because.
FU2 ongoing migraines and actually now adding sinus pain on top of it.
So now I have like I feel what's the double headache, the sinus headache with my normal
migraine. It's not good, but it's time for me to go home anyway. So I will bid everyone adieu.
Bye. Well, feel better and we'll see you next week here on the show. Shane, I have no FUs.
I don't really have a big FU, just FU2. FU2 really wasting my day yesterday and the rain
has been nonstop. And I know we need the rain. We're in a drought state and, you know, we need
it. So I shouldn't be complaining about it, but my God, it has been terrible this week. So yeah,
that's it. All right. Let's, uh, let's move on with, uh, just a couple more stories for you guys.
Then we're going to get to phone calls. So Shane. Um, okay. I guess we have to talk about Blizzard
again. There's an expansion coming out for Hearthstone. Uh, it starts, what's it tomorrow?
The 14th. Um, it's called Whispers of the Old Gods. You can pre-purchase a 50 pack bundle of
cards for $50. You're an idiot if you do that. That's ridiculous. Um, so yeah, go, go, go do
that. You'll play this crappy game. You're not a big fan of Hearthstone? It's fine. It's not a
bad game really, but I just hate Blizzard cause they fired Xero. It's a bad game for bad people
and you should feel bad. I think so. That's correct. You know, some people really enjoy
Hearthstone though. Oh, I know. I have a friend that really, really, I have a couple of friends
that really enjoy it. I know. I know. You can walk by practically anyone's desk and find them
on their lunch playing Hearthstone. And by the way, I forgot to mention next week,
um, I will be on my new schedule, so I will be able to stay for the whole show again.
Hooray. Hey, bye. All right. Have a good one. All right. Uh, let's get to a story on Final Fantasy
15. Yeah. Final Fantasy 15 is supposed to be an emotional experience that will make you cry
and hopefully not cry at how horrible it is. No, I'm just kidding. It should be great.
But, um, there was a, uh, interview in Game Informer, uh, where, uh, Hajime Tabata,
the director behind Final Fantasy 15 said that he wants to give a moving ending due to the time
that you will invest or that folks will invest playing the game saying, quote, I want to create
a very emotional ending to the game and want to make as many people cry as possible. You're
spending so many hours playing the game. So when I finish a game and it ends on a sour note and it
doesn't move me, it gets me disappointed. Um, uh, they're taking on the challenge of trying to
exceed that title saying Final Fantasy 7 once more, that Final Fantasy 7 is an inspiration,
uh, for the game. So there you go. Um, very curious to see, uh, uh, what turns out from this game.
Uh, but I would say, you know, 13 had a really good ending. It was short, but I thought...
Don't spoil it. I haven't seen it. I won't, I won't, but I'm just saying it's not,
it's not like 13 was a bad game by any means. I, I really think it was great actually. So,
um, you started talking about that and the whole opera scene from 6 went into my head. Yeah. And
that was a better story than, than 8. I love 8. It's the WB, but in video game form. Uh,
Nintendo maniac in chat says, how do we know that Final Fantasy 15 isn't just going to be an other
M? Don't buy into any hype for anything. No, I suppose anything's possible. So, uh, there you go.
Uh, also a rumor that Final Fantasy 15 is going to be releasing in September. And I would think
a release for this year makes a lot of sense. Uh, September 30th is the date that is being rumored,
uh, corroborated by three independent sources. Uh, there is an event by the way in Los Angeles
on March 30th, where I would expect we're going to hear this date and price information,
um, September 30th as a launch day makes a lot of sense. It's before the holiday period,
but far enough into it where it will still be on many, uh, Christmas and holiday lists. Um,
but not like so far out, you know, it will compete with the other holiday stuff. So
we'll see what happens. But everybody hopefully at that point will still be too engrossed in
Persona 5 to care. We shall see. All right. Uh, let's get to the Skype line. Orange Lounge Radio,
all one word on Skype is the place to call. Um, please give us a call. Orange Lounge Radio,
all one word on Skype, or you can give us a call. 1-877-GAME-OLR. Uh, if you want to do it the old
fashioned way, but the Skype line is open now. Um, so, oh, thank heavens the phone is already
ringing. Cause usually Loki does last minute stories, but I don't think Shane's prepared
for that. I would just play with my, my morpher and it'd be like this. All right. Uh, hi, you're
on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this? Hey, it's Rama. Hey Rama, how you doing? Pretty good,
but I have an interesting question for you before we begin. Okay, try me. You listen to
mainstream radio? Once in a while, not like all the time. Yeah. I mean, the only time I actually
listen to mainstream radio is when I'm hanging out with Mako-chan because there's only one decent
rock station in her area that we listen to. And then when we get out of the area for that,
we actually pull up the app and continue streaming from there.
I, I love that. Um, yeah. And you know, I, I don't get me wrong. Like I do listen mostly
to Spotify and podcasts and VOG, especially when there's like live stuff and premiere stuff, but,
you know, once in a while I have to stay on task on what's on the radios and so forth. So.
I guess, I mean, at work, since we do have like access to groove radio throughout the store,
everyone has like a different playlist and I'm not one for mainstream radio and I hear this
music. I'm just like, this is what's going for music. And then I just go into the break room,
put my headphones on. Am I listening to J-pop or I'm listening to something from the 80s
or the 90s, or I'm just like deep into my 3DS. Hmm. Well, I, I apologize that I, uh, I'm sticking
with the, uh, uh, terrestrial radio, but whatever. Well, Hey, somebody has to, like I said,
in a blue moon, I will do the same thing. Yeah. So what else is on your mind tonight?
I just also want to say in regards to the beginning of the show, if Shane is going to go
on his video game, uh, drought, he's going to switch over to ranger toys. You, you know, this.
What do you mean switch? Yeah. That's naughty. Like that's its own thing. That's never going to
go away. That already happened. I spent so much on Jojo already. Like I have all the
toys that have come out that are important. And we went to like four targets and two
toys or us is today. Yeah. He won't give that up. Okay, fine. He'll increase the budget for it.
Yeah, I can see that. Yeah. I'm fine with that. That's great. That just means I can get a cube
gorilla when it comes out and a cube rhinos. That works for me. Fair enough. Fair enough.
So is that you just called into a taunt chain? Uh, no, no, no. Well that, and it was my turn,
but one more thing and I'm going to just, I'm gonna get up on out of here. Now in regards to
Twitch, you mentioned earlier, I have noticed that within my circle, there are people who
Twitch stream, but they do more than just Twitch stream. They're on there doing commentary with
programming that they're watching or they're working on costumes, doing artwork and stuff
like that. It's getting to the point where if they stream five days a week, maybe three,
four of those days, they'll be Twitch game streaming. And the other day they'll be doing
other hobbies and stuff. And I'm like, that kind of sort of defeats the purpose of what
Twitch TV is for, but I get it, you know? Well, Twitch TV also kind of expanded not that
long ago into the more creative outlets, which is why the Bob Ross thing had happened in the
first place. So Twitch wants people to expand more into that and do that. But, you know,
it's kind of like one of those, where do you draw the line? Because I can definitely see where
costume making, video game talk shows, that's all part of the gaming community,
certainly doing the artwork and so forth, but is watching a movie and doing live commentary?
Probably not. So, no, I mean, if I really want to watch a movie, do commentary. I can just
round up people, my friends on Skype, turn my webcam towards my TV and put something on and
we can all have a field day doing it. Yeah. But, you know, that's up to Twitch, I guess,
to draw the line. But it's interesting because a lot of this stuff was on Justin TV before,
and then they ended up closing that down. But Justin TV also did a lot of life stuff,
which was just, hey, here's the webcam pointed at me doing actually nothing. So, I don't know.
Point taken. So, yeah, it'll be up to Twitch to draw the line on that stuff. But, you know,
if people are having fun and making content that people seem to enjoy, I think that personal stuff
makes it more interesting. I don't necessarily like to just watch a game with nothing on it.
Ironically, that's what I'll use YouTube for. I think YouTube's almost a little better just
getting the plain game streaming, game play stuff, like long play, I guess you would call it. But,
you know, if I'm going to watch Twitch and watch somebody doing it live with the chat room and all
that stuff, I kind of want to be able to interact with people and get some more of that personality.
You know what I mean? Yeah, I get what you're saying. I get what you're saying. Yeah. So,
all right. Interesting comment. Kaijuto in chat says Periscope kicks Twitch's ass.
You know, I know Periscope is definitely a growing thing for the live video and Facebook badly wants
a piece of that too. So, interesting. All right. Well, anything else on your mind tonight, buddy?
Major Nelson says hi. I saw that on Facebook. He had no idea who we were. Come on.
But still, I did say I would try and he did say hello. All right. Well, I appreciate that. He
always said that because he had to and he didn't want to look like a jerk, but no, I seriously
appreciate that. That's so funny that you did that. Are you kidding me? He was in the break room
chilling out with us, having a good time. Okay. Well, that's cool. He's a normal human being. He
will relax in the break room sometimes too. Yes. Yes. And next time I'll tell you a Major
Nelson story. All right. Sounds good. Awesome. All right. Take care, buddy. You too. Yep. Bye.
All right. Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype, 1-877-GAME-OLR if you want to do that the
old fashioned way. Um, I don't really have any last minute stories tonight, unfortunately, but
oh, good. The phone is going off. So let's get to it. Hello. You're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's
this? Hello. It's Embryon. Hey, what's up? I am calling to say hello. Hello. Good to hear you.
Like, what's up? Yeah. So I was thinking about you, uh, this weekend because I found an old book
of CDs in my, the trunk of my friend's car. I don't know how they got in there, but they were
my book of CDs from like a decade ago. And among those CDs, I had all of these Bimani mixes in
addition to these like unmarked MP3 CDs that were hundreds of tracks long. And, uh, I was listening
to, one of them had the Erotic Hour Megamix on it. Oh my God. It is everything to this day.
I cannot get enough of Erotic. That's, that type of music is why DDR was so fun. Is it brought
that stupid cheese ball pop music? I say that in the best possible way. It brought all that stupid
cheese ball pop music into my life. And for that, I'm always going to be thankful for DDR.
I know, me too. It's just like, it's funny because I remember when I was younger, um,
the question that kids like to ask you to suss out if you're cool or not, it's like,
what kind of music do you listen to? Or who do you like? And I don't always be like, oh, um,
you know, Erotic. Uh, I like, uh, Naoki Yoshida or not Naoki Yoshida. What's his name? Naoki.
Midea.
Midea. I'm thinking of the Final Fantasy producer.
You are.
I'm getting my Naoki's mixed up. I'd always come up with these, like these, uh,
DDR in-house artists and be like, yeah, that's who I like. And they'd be like,
oh, it sounds pretty underground. Cool.
Dr. Tsuya in chat says, I think they're still around. I think referring to Erotic.
Yeah. There was some video, uh, that they, they did a song called, I think, Murder Me.
It was on Facebook. I just saw some random thing. So I think they are back. But of course those,
those groups never had the same singers for more than like five years. So, you know,
Like, uh, that happened with Etro Anime. They did the opening theme song to Digital Devil Saga,
which is where my name is from. And, uh, they put out a second album years later with a different
singer and I was like, man, it's just not the same. So Erotic, I guess suffers a similar fate.
Suffers? I don't know. I haven't heard the new stuff. So maybe it's great.
It's, it's just as silly as the old stuff. At least what I heard.
Fritz really, really loves her tits.
Man, some of that old school DDR music was so, so good and so silly though.
I love how they're all like the same song with a different rap. Well, it's like this,
it's almost the same rhythm and everything, but it's just different words.
Anyway.
Indeed. Actually, I was just going to say, I, I could for, for just, I can play a little clip
just for listeners that have no idea what we're talking about, that missed the whole DDR thing.
Here, here's, here's a sample of what you're missing. You ready?
Like how stupid is that song? Seriously.
And they're all like that.
They are all like that.
But I was totally doing the like head bobbing.
I probably still remember the steps on DDR to that song.
Oh yeah. Oh my God. Good times.
Good times. I would definitely listen. You know what? If we ever go on a road trip someday,
we'll have to jam to those CDs.
Oh yeah. For sure.
For sure.
That's it. I just wanted to call in and reminisce a little bit about Erotic,
my long forgotten love.
No, I appreciate the walk down memory lane. And I think it's a good chance for all the
old school DDR fans to just revisit or go listen. If you, if you happen to have them or have access
to them, wink, wink, go listen to one of those old dance mania albums. It'll just take you back.
Oh, they're so good.
Good times. All right. Take care of my friend.
You too.
Good to hear from you. Bye-bye.
Bye.
All right. 1-877-GAME-OLR or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, all one word.
Dark Tetsuya is hinting a road trip to round one. Hint, hint. You know,
I think if I were to bust up that as the soundtrack on a round one road trip,
I think Shane may have a problem with that.
Yep.
So yeah.
Definitely.
But I'll try. He makes me listen to a lot of weird stuff. Although we usually listen
to the FOMMC 14 soundtrack and that's something...
It just comes up a lot.
We can kind of agree on that one. There's a lot of good stuff on that. Like the Alexander
raid song and what was that you're playing today? The Separat song is great.
Yes.
Like industrial music. It's so good.
It is.
Like you don't even really need to play that game. The game is fine,
but the music is where it's at for Final Fantasy 14. Just get the soundtracks.
Sometimes that's actually better than the game.
That guy, Soken, does such a good job with the soundtrack. He really does.
Yes. I'm guessing that you're doing something, so I'm trying to fill time.
No, I was actually trying to find... Here it is. Just so you guys could hear a little bit of it.
This is actually battle music in 14.
The fight is really fun.
You like skip around a bit, don't you?
And I'll tell you what, hearing that music when you're actually trying to do a boss fight...
You did a good part.
Love it. It's so good.
It gets you going during one of these boss fights. Especially when you have no idea
like what the F is going on in the fight. It's insane. You're just like,
Oh my God. Oh my God. It's crazy.
I'm going to listen to that as I drive.
Let's see. Embryon is actually in our chat room saying,
The first time I heard that song, I screamed. Couldn't decide if it was hilarious or super
energizing. Why not both? It's not hilarious. It's amazing.
It is amazing. It's great. Let's see. Fifth Dream yells,
This is what it's like when worlds collide. Yeah, I think we talked about that some time
ago that Powerman 5000 took issue with that. Who knew that Powerman 5000 was still around?
Who knew? It sounded more like a Nine Inch Nails song to me, but different singer.
All right. Well, I guess nobody else is calling in, so that is going to do it for the Skype
line tonight. But if you think of something late and you want to chime in later, you can always
leave us an email. Participate at orangelandradio.com. You can also tweet at us,
twitter.com slash O-L-R. I do read all the tweets you guys send this week.
But I believe that is going to do it for another episode of Orange Land Radio.
If you like what you heard here at the show, please consider telling a friend or two about
the show. Help us spread the word. We are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we don't
know the voice unless you guys actually use them. So send us your emails and so
forth. We would really appreciate it. I think that is it. Shane, do you have any
final thoughts for our listeners tonight? Thank you for being here and filling in.
No problem. I appreciate that.
No, I don't have any final thoughts.
All right. Well, we'll probably see you again in a few weeks.
No, because my schedule also changes at work, so this won't be a thing that will be happening.
Oh, no. So we won't see you for a while. Well, nope. Good luck with Ranger Pride.
Good riddance. Thank you.
What do you mean good riddance? Screw you. I never liked you anyway. All right. That's it.
We're done. We'll be back next week. Hopefully, Loki will be back and Dark Soccer will be here
as well. And we'll tackle the latest in news as we move on up to SAC Indie Game Arcade in April
and lots of other great events coming up. So stay tuned with us here at Orange Land Radio.
Thanks. We'll see you again in seven days. Goodbye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR
Studios. To join us for a live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific,
9 p.m. Eastern. The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those
of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or Vognetwork, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thank you.
