Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
After testing your mind all weekend at gaming cons for the last four years, Just Shapes and Beats finally releases for the Nintendo Switch and PC. The Mortal Kombat theme song is now playing in your head. If this is just one game in a full week of news, stay tuned for the rest, starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet, welcome back. It's another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. Orange Lounge Radio live tonight on June the 3rd of 2018, episode number 733 of our show.
That's right, June is underway, it's a big month. Happy Pride Month folks. Happy me turning 40 at the end of this month. Happy OLR's birthday month. June is a very busy month. Isn't it DarkSakura or Jamie Summers over there with a mic?
Yeah it is.
How are you?
I'm tired.
You tired?
Yeah.
Well wake up girl, we got three hours to fill.
I got woke up.
Somebody shook my ass out of bed and said, you gotta go to Placerville.
Ew, ew, why does anybody want to go to Placerville?
Placerville is pretty though.
No, there's some cool things up there.
That was like...
Wasn't that the one they used to call Hangtown?
I don't know, I'm not from your country.
I think it was back in the day. Anyway, I hope you're doing well. Let's also check in with Techmaster Loki.
Also the VoG Network birthday.
That's right. VoG Network was also born in June. Thank you for the reminder. We kind of passed it. It was June 1st.
But yes, celebrating six years here at the Voice Geeks Network.
So a big toast to not only of course Bobby Black Wolf who's on before us every Sunday night because we do tape live at the Voice Geeks Network every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific at 9 o'clock Eastern right after said Bobby Black Wolf's show.
Not only just a big toast to him but all of the contributors to the different shows from our network.
You know, all the way from the people that have been with us from the very, very beginning.
Shows like, you know, Critical Myth, Pod Culture, Electric Sisterhood.
All the way up to shows like our newest addition to the network Faraway Nearby.
So a toast to everybody who's been participating with the Voice Geeks Network and all our big shows.
You can check out more information on all the shows here at vognetwork.com.
Great plug, Loki.
No problem.
Speaking of plugs, I see you've plugged your switch into your computer to keep it running charged or whatever.
Yes, because my kids were playing with it all day long and I haven't got a chance to really play around with it.
I see. Does that work okay? Like charging it through your laptop and then your laptop is in the wall? Is that given enough of a charge to keep going?
It's apparently working.
Alright, good to know.
A couple percent higher than it was.
But sadly, hooking that into your laptop will not allow you to suddenly get in there and grab all the files, right?
No, I hope they have a mod chip that'll be coming in a couple weeks to do that.
Of course, of course. I knew there was something with that. Alright, fair enough.
Also, say hello. We have a guest in studio tonight and it's been a little while since we've had a fourth chair.
But I think it's great that we're welcoming him back. You guys actually hear this guy every week on OLR.
But you may not have heard him here in studio for, God, it's probably been a couple years.
Welcome back, Jason.
You're gonna get to hear me for a lot more than 13 seconds tonight.
That's right. And you have that down. You know exactly your window that you get.
One of these days, though, we're gonna change the intro on you and I'm hoping to give you something.
Well, what I'm hoping is that in whatever future intro we use, it'll be a loop.
So if you need more time, you can extend the loop. If there's less time, you can just delete the loop.
Which means that I get to actually do all of the audio editing in the process. But yes.
Doesn't that sound fun?
It's a great idea because sometimes, you know, I just want to sit back and say, on June 2nd of 2018,
when the Sacramento weather finally hit 100 degrees, the scorching sun above and the hot rods in the parking lot
led us to a discussion about the... Anyways.
On the seventh day, Microsoft said, let there be GitHub.
Nice. Nice.
All right. Anyway, that little current news going on there.
So, oh, our chat room's lighting up over at live.vognetwork.com.
SSJ saying welcome back to the studio and Eric RPG saying press X to Jason, which I'm sure you've never heard before.
I... nobody... I have a shirt that says that.
Jason. Jason.
And shockingly, nobody has actually used the reference against me.
Okay. Until now.
So I haven't actually heard it plenty. So thank you.
So, Jason, I know, obviously, you know, if I don't say this enough on the show,
like this show wouldn't like fucking exist right now if it wasn't for you.
Like, I hope folks realize that.
Yeah, I'm just, you know, I'm just kind of awesome.
You do it. Yeah. Yeah.
You'll go. Hold on, though.
We'll keep that ego check.
But you do a ton behind the scenes.
You do like the orange laundry dot com website, even though, yes, it's old.
And we've talked about that.
The fact that, you know, we have a podcast generating custom thing, a place to host the shows and everything.
That's all because of you as well as the audio intros and outros that you do every week.
So big, big thanks to that.
What else are you doing in gaming these days in the past couple of years?
I know like you do a lot with at least like watching Twitch and supporting Twitch.
Like you were the one that made me go to TwitchCon and finally kind of like sell me on this concept of broadcasting games for people to watch that now, like two years later, I'm actually like doing.
Yeah. Yeah.
TwitchCon was only two hours away from me at the start.
It's like it's practically your backyard, Rob.
I know. It's just Moscone. Exactly.
It's not like traffic is God awful.
I have to get in the car. I have to pay a toll to get over the bridge.
Five bucks over the pretty water.
I unfortunately like gaming.
What is what is most relevant and most interesting is that the Colorado chapter of the IGDA when when the Twitch Colorado group formed the folks at Cigna, Colorado Independent Game Developer Association, attended the first meetup.
And so there's been a strengthening of the gaming and geek tech nerd communities by nature of getting together.
So I've actually been pained, returning the favor and kind and attending some of the Cigna hangouts.
And I'm not a game developer myself.
And everybody asks, everybody there asks, what are you working on?
Well, I'm not I'm not a game developer myself.
I consider myself more of a kind of an integrator, maybe, maybe web service at best kind of person.
But I am gaming adjacent and I would love to be able to see the things the things that exist in my backyard back in Colorado that I didn't know about.
And I think here locally with Sacramento, even though now we have the Sacramento Game Developers Collective, which is very similar in concept to IGDA and all that.
What what they one thing I've kind of learned with working with them is that there is a lot more in-game development than just necessarily knowing how to program games.
Right. For example, I know like, you know, and I'll just I don't think I'm saying anything that's like a big secret.
But like when Bree was here from from that group and they were talking about the SAC Indie Arcade, which sadly it didn't happen this year, you guys.
We're really hoping it's going to be back next year. But Bree was on the show before and she kind of admitted she didn't really like super get into games.
And so she started getting involved with this.
But when it came to like promotion, when it came to like how to get in touch with the media and how to get your game like exposed and all that, like the business side of things that sometimes people doing the programming.
Don't always think about like she was like rock solid on that stuff.
That was a huge strength for her because she had worked with the radio background, all that.
So my point with that and bringing up, you know, former guests on the show is that it does remind us that like, oh, yeah, there is a lot more in the game industry besides just programmers getting in there, making the game.
Because then the question is, well, where's your music going to come from?
Where's your voiceovers going to come from, Jason?
Where's your voice of voice of God going to come from the other vog?
Nobody's poached me yet, but nobody yet.
Absolutely. Like it, like any like any production, like any art form, like any anything, it's not just the programmers.
It is also the artists, both in the visual and the acoustic and any other sense.
It actually it absolutely is promotion dissemination.
There is a certain there is a certain distribution and marketing Web site of indie games that goes by the name Game Jolt.
The owners are nomads, but they currently reside in Colorado.
And so I back as a lot of nomads do only only for their 14 K and then they move on.
They move on to the next mountain.
I see. But why? I just thought it was the legalization of a certain substance that brought a lot of nomads there.
And then, oh, wait, wait, they got it in California now to the entire coast.
Just just start in SoCal, swim all the way up. And no matter where you land, it's green.
Or as Raginator in our chat room asks, Sega nomads.
That won't even get you to the next city.
That is like the second funny joke Raginator said in our chat room in like this year.
Congratulations, buddy.
Also, I tripped over ours literally.
It is it is a brick.
It hurts when it falls on your foot, just saying.
All right. So anyway, where were we? Oh, yes.
So the moral of the story is, I bet these companies like, you know, your companies, these organizations like Colorado, IGDA, you know, the sat and any game developer in your city where you live.
You know, if you've been wanting to get involved with game development like they actually probably want more people.
That aren't just programmers. I mean, if that's something you want to do, cool.
But like, you know, if you are a music guy, if you're an art person, if you're a marketing person, if you're a Web site creator.
I mean, these all these things go into how to get a game out.
And even even if it's even if there's no digital aspect to it.
Cigna's holiday party at the end of last year had a had a tabletop.
I'm sorry, but every time you say that name, I think of health insurance.
I can't like I'm like, wait, Cigna, what the fuck do they have to do with anything?
Yeah. Sorry. Yeah. Oh, yeah.
The holiday party had a tabletop board and card game creator and like logic, even even if you're not a programmer yourself.
Your ability to create design rules is just as important for for balancing, for fairness or for even tipping the scales and making knowing how to make something demonstrably significantly hard.
So it's it's it's a production like it's not it's not as literal as when I my my very first job was working for a newspaper whenever whenever I would tell someone that, oh, you're a writer.
No. Oh, you edit. No, I fix the computers of the people that do.
Well, yeah, and it's important for sure. For sure.
No, that's that's you know, it's you know, when you see these companies, like if you were to go to like Blizzard's website, they're always hiring for people.
Right. So you could see like what kind of roles is Blizzard trying to fill right now?
They're always going to have somebody that's like a project manager. And like, what does that person have to do?
Basically, corral all the cats, you know, and make sure that the project manager will be responsible for making sure that the game actually comes out when they say it's going to come out.
Organization like proper organization of people and tasks is a huge is an incredible skill.
For sure. Anyway, great chat.
Well, welcome back to the show, Jason. And it's good to have you here. And please feel free to chime in as necessary on our stories tonight.
I should ask you real quick, though, because we were talking about this a little bit at lunch TwitchCon this year. Is that something you're going to go?
I do already have well, I don't have my tickets yet. They haven't even frickin gone on sale. I have a hotel room, though.
And yes, when to as soon as tickets go on sale, I absolutely will be. I will be once again in your backyard in San Jose.
But I told you my problem with the weekend. Why are they doing Halloween weekend? Seriously?
Because they that's been their time slot. I know that are the weekend before.
I know at least one couple that's getting married Halloween weekend and then there'll be a Rocky Horror thing for sure.
So I'm a little I want to go like really big because now that I actually do more streaming, I actually want to and like I know people that are going to be there.
They're going is like, fuck, I really want to meet these people.
So what you're saying is we need the hyperloop to be done in the next four months so you can just get down there in half an hour.
Can you can you give Elon Musk a call? I mean, I am one of those tunnels. I am one of his customers.
I have some cloud, doesn't it? Perhaps. Perhaps.
Oh, well, I was going to ask you this real quick and then we'll get into news with the Twitch stuff.
You don't really do a lot of broadcasting, right? So is this like a similar thing to the game development?
What what do you do? Because you you've always been like a big supporter of Twitch and streaming and all that.
What what is your role in that? I am not a game developer. I'm developer adjacent.
I am not a Twitch broadcaster. I am broadcasting adjacent. I am a Jason.
Jason, you're broadcasting adjacent. Jason, come on.
Come on. I was literally picking up the microphone to make that joke.
That's pretty funny. OK. Anyway, I I have dabbled in streaming to kind of understand, especially like OBS has some really.
It's a it's a it's it's a language that you need to learn. It's a it's a way of putting things together that you need to learn.
And I I've been a tech support person my entire professional my entire life period.
And so that's just kind of the role that I take on. I'm a community member for friends.
I know I have a couple of IRL friends that stream a coworker.
A former coworker was a gate was my gateway drug into Twitch. And by referral, friends of friends and all that kind of stuff.
I go in and I help people out and I make friends by reference.
And I, you know, I meet new people. TwitchCon especially has has exemplified that.
So I'll take part and be a community member and provide knowledge and insight as possible as necessary.
Really rad. And I think, you know, especially for the larger streamers, which is not something I've had to deal with personally, because I'm you know, I'm still kind of I'm a affiliate, but I'm I'm still kind of small fry.
Right. You know, I'm a small French fry, not a jumbo size. But like those guys that are like partners and stuff like they need like teams to be able to just moderate their channels to like take the garbage out basically.
And sometimes it's kind of a thankless job sort of thing, you know?
Yep. So, yeah, you're you're doing a very important role there with all that. So. All right. Awesome. Great.
If you guys want to ask Jason any questions, you can over at live.vognetwork.com.
In fact, actually, Bobby Black Wolf is speaking up going, maybe I need to talk to Jason because I'm fighting OBS for some stuff with plugins or browser source stuff.
So I guess the consulting door is open. All right.
I am reachable on the Internet. I go by VX JasonXV.
That's right. And actually, funny enough, like OBS, you were kind of talking about like getting that software, you know, it's not just for streaming.
You can make regular movies with that, like record things.
And I've actually used like so for my dumb Facebook game that I got way too involved with earlier this month, you have to record these little like, you know, like like they would do on the TV show.
It's just like them sitting there talking shit about everybody.
So that's what you have to do is you have to record yourself talking shit about everybody for like five minutes every every game round, basically.
So I used OBS to do it so I could use my green screen to like pretend that I was in the forest or like actually people started requesting like, could you do one in the Grand Canyon?
So I did it when it was in the Grand Canyon. And so like I would use my green screen. That was all through OBS.
So I would record little things in OBS and I would use good old Windows Movie Maker to string it all together.
But actually, well, but then I learned like, how do I step up my game? And there's some free video editing program that's like really big Redfish or something.
I don't remember the name of it now. Red Lantern. I don't remember what it's called.
Red Lantern is a very angry.
I don't know. I don't I don't think that's really somebody in chat will yell it out.
But it's a it was a movie editing thing that's free. And I actually started to learn like how to use it.
And like it was like, God, this ridiculous fucking game is teaching me these like real life skills. What the fuck?
If you want as well, I would be more than happy to bring over my Mac and let you use iMovie.
Oh, yeah.
iMovie will work on your iPhone.
Now, if I shoot films on my phone, which I have done, I definitely use iMovie for that because it's super simple.
And it will migrate over into the desktop version.
Yeah, that's that's with all with the cloud and all that good stuff. Yes, of course, of course. Anyway.
All right. Well, let's move on.
We've got to get into gaming and we're going to get into, of course, our gaming weeks.
But first, we actually have a kickoff topic. I know we were like 20 minutes in the show.
We've got to get to our kickoff topic, which has to do with Pokemons.
That's right. E3 is just around the corner next week.
Actually, we're going to have kind of a different a very different O.L.R. show.
So we're still debating. And maybe you guys can have a say with this.
We are considering one of two options.
We're either going to cut our show short so that Bethesda's press conference, we can kind of go watch that.
Then come back and give our thoughts.
But Loki is kind of suggesting that maybe we do something that I said we'd never do and actually do the live commentary this year.
Sure. Let's do it. All right.
So that may be playing live. We complain complaining live or say that's really cool.
No, I think I think less less cynicism, more optimism would be the optimistic.
I'm still hoping for another Elder Scrolls game, even if it's like some stupid like, oh, hey, we're remastering Oblivion now.
I'll take that. Yeah, we'll see that.
Maybe what we'll do, maybe I am thinking, all right, some folks are saying live commentary worth a shot.
Screw Bethesda. They're going to be let down. What I might do.
And so this would be important for the podcast folks.
What I'll probably do is we'll still do it live for those that want to listen.
They can and those that don't want to don't have to.
And then what we'll do for the podcast is we'll make that section of the show like a special download on our social media.
But we won't actually be part of the regular podcast. So that that's kind of where my head's at right now.
We'll let you all know what to expect next week.
But anyway, my point was with E3 literally around the corner is next week.
E3 is next. Well, you know, a week from next next business.
We next business. Well, no, you are right. It is next week because of all the keynote.
Yeah, yes, that's true. Oh, yeah, that's true. The keynotes are starting on Saturday.
Is your whole lesson of discussion? Yes. Six days away when the first keynote is going to be first out the gate.
So anyway, but we have leaks are starting to show up, which are getting confirmed by some of the publishers.
We'll talk about that a little later in the show, but also some people wanting to get the jump on some of the announcements.
And the Pokemon Company was one of those companies that wanted to get the jump on those announcements.
They did a little thing in Japan during this week this week.
So they talked about the latest of what's going on with Pokemon.
So the first thing that they announced is that they have a little side game called Pokemon Quest.
And Pokemon Quest came out for the Nintendo Switch for free this week.
And it is slated for mobile in about a month. It'll be coming out on iOS and Android.
You can download it on the switch right now. It's very obvious it's a mobile game.
It's all touch screen. It is. It is all touch screen.
I mean, you can't if you dock it or even if you are still in handout, you can use the little controllers to move around.
I didn't even realize this until I was streaming it earlier this week, actually.
And Bobby or somebody chimed in and said, did you know you can use L and R to change at the bottom?
I didn't even realize that.
Or you could just do what I do and just let the game play itself because it ends up beating levels that I can't do on my own.
So I'm like, eh, fine.
That may not be a bad idea, actually.
Anyhow, the little free to play thing came out and it's basically blockymon.
Like they look like very blockymon.
Cubivore Pokemon.
It is cubivore Pokemon. Well, when I first saw it, I was like, oh shit, here's Pokemon's Minecraft.
But it actually is nothing like that at all.
It's more of Crossy Roads. I was just gonna say Crossymon.
Crossy Roads Pokemon.
That's a good way of putting it.
So anyway, the thing about it is that, you know, you can't really, like, you're playing a story mode-esque sort of thing by yourself.
But you're not trading with friends. You're not interacting with friends.
You can't see how friends are progressing.
For a mobile game, well, what will be a mobile game, you know, for what's right now on the Switch, there's really no sense of competition with your friends whatsoever.
It's a shockingly antisocial mobile game.
Yes, and so therefore, all the free to play elements are just like, you know, pay this money to get items or just sit there and wait.
It's like that Harry Potter game.
Like you have energy.
Yeah, it's that whole thing, which is a little bit eh, but it is free.
So, you know, there is that.
But for me, I think it's one of those things where it's like, I played it a few times this week, and I'm done.
You know, that was cute.
Next.
You know, meanwhile, these other games are coming out, and I don't have the time to check out my silly little Pokemon.
Maybe when it's on mobile, so I can do it from places like, you know, a doctor's office or a waiting room or sitting at the airport or something, like, maybe it would make more sense in those places.
Which I guess technically you could use the Switch in those places too, but I just, I don't take my Switch with me everywhere.
I take my mobile phone with me everywhere.
So it's going to make more sense there.
But, Loki, I couldn't help but notice you have been playing it.
I noticed that was the game that was on your Switch, so that kind of surprises me.
You're into Pokemon Quest?
Yeah, it's fun. I've played it for a few hours already.
How far are you right now?
To like the, not the, like the fourth, fifth, and sixth levels, because they unlock three at a time.
So I'm to there.
Wow, okay.
I haven't got any evolutions or anything, but I have a shit ton of Pokemon though.
Okay, wow, okay. You just keep, you keep using the little cooking thing?
Do you just let it cook whatever it wants, or do you actually...
No, I looked up online how to, like, do those.
Oh, okay. I was like, there's got to do it.
But, I mean, it's easy to figure out too. It's just like, okay, all red, all blue, all, you know.
Oh, okay.
It's not that hard.
Alright.
That's really smart.
And Bobby wants to know, have you hacked it yet, Loki?
Um, I paid money to unlock some stuff, because I thought it was worth...
You gave those people money?
It's a game, yeah. I'm supporting the game, because I played it for like eight hours.
So I'm like, okay, well, I think it's...
No, I just...
Throw them some money, so I did it.
I would not have thought that Pokemon Quest on Switch, out of all of the things out there,
would have been the thing to finally get you to open up, well, I mean, I know you've opened it up before,
but would be something to get you to open up your wallet.
I'm just, I'm pleasantly surprised, that's all.
I just figured I'd throw them some money.
Alright, fair enough.
So there you go.
Headline of the week, y'all.
Loki spent money on Pokemon Quest.
Alright, so Pokemon Quest is out, but that's not the thing people really wanted to know about.
People wanted to know about, where's the real game coming out on Switch?
And Nintendo had kind of two answers for that.
In a sense, they had a literal two answer with, let's go Pikachu and let's go Eevee.
Which was a game, I think they leaked, these were leaked a while ago.
Yeah, the leaks turned out to be pretty legit, because those were the leaked titles that came out.
And so, yeah, I mean, that would not be a thing.
I think most people would guess, is that Eevee was now a starter Pokemon of sorts.
Which, I mean, that makes people very happy, I'm sure, because Eevee is, you know, people love Eevee and the Eeveelutions.
So, that's really cool.
And then Pikachu, of course, has always been a bit of the mascot of the Pokemon series,
thanks in no small part to the cartoon.
So anyway, these games were confirmed, they will be coming out for the Switch, but they're not your traditional Pokemon RPG.
In fact, these games look like they are, I mean, I guess the easiest way to say it,
would be it's a bit of a hybrid of Pokemon Go and the more traditional Pokemon RPGs.
What I mean by that is that it looks like you will be catching Pokemon with a very similar ball throwing type of mechanic
that you use on the mobile phones when you play Pokemon Go.
In fact, speaking of Pokemon Go, there does appear to be a way that you will be able to bring in monsters
that you've caught in Pokemon Go into your Let's Go game.
No word yet if that's like an isolated area, because if you look really closely at the trailer,
you see it mention something called Go Park or something like that.
So it's unknown if it's like something you bring into the full game or just like this one mode that kind of works with it.
And Let's Go Pikachu and Eevee is going to have their own little Bluetooth peripheral.
It's a little Pokeball.
And you can also bring them back into Pokemon Go too.
Yes, yes, apparently. So yeah, that's got a lot of Pokemon Go players pretty excited.
So anyway, the accessory is a little Pokeball and then I guess it makes, I don't know, makes a little Pokemon noises as well.
It's Pokeball Plus that they are saying will be available in November.
For a day and then gone for three months.
That's fucking generous. For five minutes and then it will be gone.
That's a portion of the day.
If you want one of these things, you better be ready to fight.
Because we all know Nintendo cannot keep these types of things on the shelves for shit.
We don't know how to supply our vendors.
I'm just telling you all, so that when this happens, we can say, oh yes, we knew this was coming.
This is going to be the thing that you're not going to be able to fucking find, but you're going to want it.
Oh no, customer fainted.
Trainer used eBay. It's super effective, but you now have zero dollars.
Breaks list, use scalper.
So anyway, so Pikachu and Eevee.
But I say it looks like it's kind of a hybrid because when you look at the battle, the battle doesn't look like Pokemon Go at all.
Because the battle is just mash the screen as fast as you can type of thing.
But in this one, you can clearly see that the Pokemon comes out and you can choose one of three moves.
Like there's a little screenshot with Pikachu being able to use Thunder Shock or Quick Attack.
And he's limited to how many times he can do it, just like in the games.
So it does seem like there is a little bit of a hybrid there.
So you might catch your Pokemon like Pokemon Go, even though you are on the Switch.
It's a single player experience.
But I got to admit, as somebody who loves Pokemon Go, who appreciates the single player games but never seems to have the attention to completely get through them,
I'm looking at this going, wow, this seems like a really kind of perfect blend of the things I'm into.
And I understand there's people out there that just for whatever reason, they don't go outside as often.
And so this is a chance to play a game like Pokemon Go, but from the comfort of their own home or what have you.
So, I mean, that's really cool, too.
But, I mean, just as, I guess, for no other better term, but a filthy fucking casual when it comes to Pokemon.
Like, I'm like super into this.
So it's interesting to me to watch some of the, you know, reaction over on Twitter.
You've got some people that are like into it, like I am.
Some people that think it's trash.
You know, they're like, pass, you know, whatever this is.
Now, if you're one of those people that's like, pass, well, the good news is for you, they confirmed this is not Gen 8.
Pokemon Gen 8 is coming in 2019.
But...
So the next Pokemon mainline game is a year away.
It'll be what, like holiday 2019.
But that is, again, and I talked about this on a previous episode.
If you look at the number of years between mainline Pokemon gens, you should have expected 2019.
But, this game is going to be the way to unlock one of the Gen 8 Pokemon before the game.
Ah, I see. Okay, I didn't realize.
Now, I heard that there was going to be an extra Pokemon in this game.
And it's going to be a brand new Pokemon.
Yeah, so the thing, and also if you didn't already pick this up, the thing about Let's Go Pikachu, Let's Go Eevee is that it is Gen 1.
It's Kanto Pokemon only, basically.
And it's only using one Joy-Con.
It's controlled completely with like the analog stick, basically.
I'm also still kind of curious how that's going to work with Pokemon Go.
If Go has three generations, and I would think by the holiday...
Probably only port over certain Pokemon.
Yeah, maybe. Maybe only certain ones are going to be able to go back and forth.
We'll have to really see how that all shakes out.
Or maybe if these games, like Pokemon Go, are built to expand to Gen 2, Gen 3, Gen 4.
I mean, it would probably make more sense to Nintendo to sell those things separately.
But they could also be awesome DLC.
I mean, would you guys pay for DLC that was Gen 2, Gen 3, and so forth?
If the game's good.
Yeah, if the game's good.
I think it looks cool. I'm excited to get it for my kids because, you know, my youngest son is really small.
He plays Super Mario Odyssey.
He doesn't really understand everything in it and gets stuck a lot.
But my oldest son beat Super Mario Odyssey, so...
Nice.
I was surprised having played through the whole...
You know, I'm just surprised he did that.
But like, it would be nice to have a game that they could both play together that is pretty easy to control.
So, I'm down with that.
bonds006 in chat says,
This is how Ninty and Game Freak is gonna get me to buy a Switch. Damn you, gaming god.
That's over at live.vognetwork.com.
You know, I'm in a group of Pokemon Go raiders and you have all sorts of different levels of gamers in there.
And there's some people that don't really play a lot of console games.
But some of the folks in there are talking about,
So, how much is it to get a Switch?
Like, what other games are on the Switch?
So, like, if I wanted to get it for this game, what else would I be able to play?
You know, like, they're asking those types of questions where some people are thinking about it.
Like, especially because it has the Go functionality.
And, like, if you're not a Pokemon Go player, one thing you need to understand,
there are still a lot of people playing Pokemon Go.
And I don't... At least from my perspective, there's a lot of older folks that are playing.
When I say older, I kind of have to loop myself into that crowd because I'm also in my 40s.
But I notice, like, there's definitely a crowd of, like, late 30, 40, 50-year-olds that are, like, super into Pokemon Go.
Because that's why I keep running into it all these raids.
It's a very interesting... Like, the core audience right now for Pokemon Go is very interesting to me.
Yes, there's kids that do it too, but I think there's also...
Like, I see a lot of parents who bring their kids.
And then I think a lot of kids are just kind of off doing their own thing.
They're not necessarily trying to get shiny Ho-Os and things like this.
But, like, when it comes to the raids and the hardcore stuff, like, I notice a lot of, like, older people.
And I think folks that are just like,
So, okay, well, like, if I got a Nintendo Switch, it might help me in this game.
Like, I'll consider it.
Like, it's, like, super interesting to me.
That's the most expensive DLC I've ever heard.
I know, right? But there's people that'll do it.
Like, people are just going, like...
And plus... Oh, man, the best part, I don't even think I should get into it here on OLR.
But, like, some of the drama that comes up between, like, grown-ass men and women about, like...
And I told that motherfucker he needs to stay off my fucking gym until I get my coins.
And if that motherfucker knocks me off that gym before I get my fucking 50 coins,
I'm gonna go to every gym in this goddamn neighborhood and look at that motherfucker and I'm gonna knock him off.
Like, that...
I wish I could say I'm exaggerating a conversation that I've overheard. I am not.
Like, Pokemon Go has its own set of drama.
But I don't want to scare people off from Pokemon Go either.
You can stay... It's very easy to stay away from that and turn that off.
But I'm just saying, like...
It's, like, you know that's, like, the equivalent, like, a dollar worth of, like...
Yeah, these are grown-ass men and women who fucking fight about gym control.
Mommy fainted.
And, okay, thank you. Thank you. Chatter's backing me up.
Dungeonbuster in chat says, I believe that conversation happened.
Bonds006 says, yes, the gym battle drama gets real.
Actf says, I have friends that are getting back into Pokemon Go because of this new game.
Yeah, that's kind of the general vibe I've been getting on Twitter, too,
is that I've seen a lot of people that are suddenly like,
I'm gonna reinstall Pokemon Go and see what I've missed because I need to be prepared for this Switch game.
You've missed a lot.
They've been... I gotta say, the quest is something that they've done in all these different events each week.
Really helping.
So, I mean, love it or hate it,
there's no denying that Pokemon Go is, like, transforming Pokemon and therefore Nintendo.
I mean, the fact that this game is happening.
And I gotta say, I'm super fucking excited for it.
And all those people that...
I'm here for it.
Yeah, no, seriously, like, for all the people that are just like,
oh, I hate this and stuff, think about it this way.
You're getting all these people that are gonna be more into Pokemon.
Now this is kind of the next step to a traditional Pokemon RPG.
So when the new Pokemon RPG comes out, that's even more people that'll play it.
I don't see how there's a downside to this.
Yeah.
Jamie, you've been a little quiet.
I know you're not as into Pokemon Go.
Well, you play here and there, but what are your thoughts on this whole, like, direction for Let's Go?
I was actually kind of excited.
Yeah?
Yeah, I mean, it's the first new Pokemon game I've been super interested in, so...
And even Dan, who's like, eh, Pokemon, whatever,
he's, like, really liking that controller.
The Pokeball controller.
Yeah, it is pretty cool.
I like how it kind of glows.
Like, it reminds me, what was that old, like, 80's cartoon,
where when the little robot talks, it would glow?
It's what it looks like with the little Pokeballs doing.
Mmm.
But, I mean, the whole concept is very interesting,
and I was even super excited.
I was like, you know, I think I found a Pokemon game that I want.
Nice.
But I would get the Eevee one.
Well, that's fine, because I've pre-ordered Pikachu.
Because, I don't know what it is, but every gamer I know,
and I don't know what it is, has pre-ordered Eevee.
I did not realize that Eevee was, like, the unofficial, like, LGBTQ plus mascot.
Um, but...
I just think Eevee's cuter.
Eevee is cute, but I got Pikachu because, A, I'm old school and hipster,
and Pikachu's what got me into, like, the anime and stuff.
No, but for real, if all these people I know are getting Eevee,
then I'm gonna get Pikachu, so I have people to trade with.
Because Pikachu's got some weak-ass evolutions is why I would go with, you know...
You know what, but he's fucking cute, so shut up.
The first thing I'm gonna do, though, with my Eevee is make it a Flareon.
If you can, though.
Flareon was first gen.
Oh, yeah, sorry. Flareon was gen one. Yes, sorry, sorry.
I don't know why my brain went to, when you said Flareon,
my brain brought up a picture of an Umbreon.
Because it's gonna be my little flame name.
Yeah.
There you go. See, Bobby Blackwolf in chat, that's the key to a happy marriage.
Bobby Blackwolf says,
My wife has told me she's getting Eevee. I'm getting Pikachu.
Do you like, by the way, there was no discussion there.
It was just, my wife told me she's doing this.
As it normally goes.
Is that right, right, Jamie? All right.
Actually, even, you know, Alan is super into Pokemon Go,
and I think he's kind of, like, looking at this going,
huh, huh, so is this something that'll help me, too, if you get this?
Or, you know, are we gonna have to get him his own Nintendo Switch?
Help me, God. All right, anyway.
So, yeah, I'm really excited about those games.
And then, of course, gen eight, as we mentioned, at some point next year.
So, for those that aren't feeling this Go thing, you know,
you can wait till next year for the RPG.
So, you got that.
So, anyway.
Jason, what are your thoughts on the Pokemon Let's Go?
When I was younger, I told myself that I would get back into Pokemon
when the technological sophistication is...
...sufficiently upgrades.
Somehow, I told myself that was Diamond. Pokemon Diamond.
And, yeah, it had, like, system to system,
the cave mechanic that I barely even remember the details to.
But I've touched, I played maybe an hour and a half of Diamond
and never again.
Well, to be fair, that's, like, gen four, right?
That's, like, the worst gen.
I couldn't say because I just didn't really make any progress on it.
I know Bulbasaur, Twirtle, Charizard,
Charizard, Charmander weren't the starters.
Nope.
But, yeah, like, for, I don't even remember the logic
that went into that decision.
This is significant.
This is new.
This is interesting.
Yeah, I sank in, I don't know how many hours,
twenty-something, probably mid-twenties level of Pokemon Go.
Unaligned, thank you very much.
I never chose a team, which probably means, like,
the game isn't going to be available to me.
Anyways, yeah, I enjoyed Pokemon Go.
I'm keeping an eye on this kind of stuff because it is very interesting to me.
It is a very significant part of my pre-teen and teenage years,
but certainly kind of the formative teenage years,
and with all of these new features and possibilities
and Pokemon Company and Game Freak and everybody
starting to be able to actually take advantage of them.
It looks very interesting.
Nothing like, I think buying it is inevitable.
I'm not over the hump quite yet,
but it's something that I am certainly keeping an active eye on.
Yeah, there's something to be said, too,
because you mentioned that I just remember the starters weren't
Bulbasaur, Charmander, that whole thing,
but yet this is going back to a Gen 1 kind of reboot,
and I think maybe part of the reason for that is to get those people.
It's just like Pokemon Go did.
Hey, remember Pikachu and Bulbasaur and all this stuff
you remember from when you were a kid?
I think there's something about that particular first generation,
even though I know some people are burned the fuck out on reboots
and all that stuff.
Folks, there are like 800 Pokemon.
Can we stop with the first 150?
Not to mention only being limited to 150 and not,
oh god, there's so damn many.
Right. So anyway, alright.
Well, there's some thoughts on Pokemon Let's Go.
Hopefully we'll get some of your thoughts later in the show,
either in our mailbag or, of course, there's also our Skype line
at Orange Lounge Radio.
But for now, before we get into the news of the week,
we want to get to our gaming weeks.
What types of video games have you been playing this week?
How was your gaming week, Dark Sakura?
I bought some games.
I haven't started them yet because Steam had a couple of things on sale.
One of them, well, great, now my Steam is trying to update
so I can't look at what they are.
And I put my receipts away.
I'll get my receipts in a second.
I did play, I'm starting to try to actively level in Pokemon Go again.
And, of course, you know I like my idle pouring.
Okay, so the game that I bought was,
I bought Vampire the Masquerade Bloodlines for five bucks.
And I bought the Dark Souls Remastered
because it's on sale for 20 bucks right now.
And I know I bought something else, but, oh yeah,
I bought Shatter based on recommendation from a couple of the listeners.
So, we'll see if I like it.
Actually, no, I had already bought it, but someone,
I think it was Rage Nator, told me that I'd like the soundtrack,
but it wouldn't let me buy the soundtrack for myself.
It was really weird.
The Steam's DLC, I mean, for every other kind of DLC,
it makes sense that you would have to have the base game,
but just because of the way that you have to have the game
to download the soundtrack, yeah, it's a mess.
Yeah, so with that then, I was, since I had to get a new phone,
I went back to go finish playing the new Puzzle Bobble game.
Yeah, I have to start completely over on Puzzle Bobble,
and I was like on stage 80 when I quit, when I had to replace my phone.
So, a little bit aggravated by that.
Apparently a set of Corsos on sale for 15% off, so that's cool.
If you like your car games.
And Brothers, A Tale of Two Sons is on sale for $2.99.
I'm buying it right now.
So, anyway, it's really been kind of a busy week
because I did just come back from DragCon before that,
and then all of the Bay Area stuff I've been doing.
Probably this month is not going to be a very great gaming time for me
because I have two Pride events, sorry, three Pride events.
Are you doing Sacramento Pride this coming weekend?
I'm doing Sacramento Pride.
I may actually go after all. I know I said I wasn't going to go,
but one of my friends was like, we should go, we should go.
And I'm like, all right.
If we have a booth, I'll let you know.
But, yeah, I'm doing Sacramento Pride, Rainbow Festival, and San Francisco Pride.
So, it may be just mostly Pokemon for this month.
That's all right.
Yeah.
That's still a game.
That's going to be me next month
because next month I'm going to be in rehearsals for,
I guess I can say this now,
I'm going to be in Clue the movie here locally on July 28th.
Kermit flail.
Kermit flail.
At the Colonial.
And I think the reason why people like Jamie are taking a particular interest
in what's happening here, I'm going to be playing Mrs. Peacock.
So, if you've ever seen Clue the movie, you know that Mrs. Peacock,
like she starts the movie like she's kind of normal
and then she kind of goes like completely neurotic.
So, I remember about 10 years ago, I saw a stage adaptation of the movie Clue.
I think it was totally bootleg and probably would have got shut down
if Paramount found out about it.
But that was the first idea where it planted in my head
where Mrs. Peacock is like 15 times funnier as a drag queen.
And so, I was kind of like, all right, like acting goals.
So, here we are, July 28th, acting goals.
I'm going to play Mrs. Peacock.
So, I'm like actually like super excited about it.
But now I'm realizing like, oh God, I have to shave my beard.
I'm going to miss my beard and I have to shave lots of other stuff too.
But thankfully, Mrs. Peacock's dress is pretty big.
So, I won't have to go too crazy. But yeah, I'm excited about it.
This means no tucking.
Yeah, that's one of the big reasons.
And let me tell you, it's a big reason. No, I'm kidding.
It's one of the big reasons why I was willing to play a part like that
is because the dress is pretty conservative.
So, I didn't have to like go like all out, you know what I mean?
So, but it'll be fun. It's going to be a good time.
I'm pretty handy with hot glue so I can help make a fascinator.
Not when it comes to that.
I meant the fascinator. Her weird hat thing that she's...
Is it just me or we went for the topic of tucking to where Jamie goes,
I have a hot glue gun. No!
No, everyone knows that you use boat tape to tuck, okay?
Yes, I'm aware, yes.
Or a friend of mine uses gaff tape.
Yes, anyway.
Not duct tape.
Hey, for someone who don't have the junks, she knows a bit about tucking, okay?
You can, you can, you know what?
And if you want to hear more, there's a YouTube for it.
There's all sorts of YouTubes for everything.
So, go enlighten yourself if you are curious how that part works.
But meanwhile, we are a video gaming podcast.
So, I'm going to take it over to Loki for how was your gaming week?
This week, I played a lot of stuff on the Switch.
So, I finished... I don't remember if I beat Mario Odyssey this week or last week,
but I finished Mario Odyssey, just the regular storyline.
So, now it's, of course, getting all the Power Moons and everything.
So, now I have all of the Power Moons in the Sand Kingdom.
Actually, all but one.
One which is following this taxi around, which that's pretty super easy to get.
So, I'm not worried about that right now.
And then, let's see what else.
I picked up a few games on the Switch as well.
So, they had some sale with some of their LEGO games.
And so, I picked those up.
So, I've got LEGO Worlds, which my kids have been playing a lot.
And that's kind of... Yeah, it's been a while since I played LEGO Worlds,
because I was in when it was in early access, when I first got released.
And so, I played it back when it was just being made.
And it was very early and rough around the edges.
Now, it's completely different. So, I'm kind of interested in it.
It's all right.
And of course, the LEGO Ninjago game, because that was half off as well,
because I like the movie.
And what else?
The Pokémon Quest game, I've been playing quite a bit of that.
Pokémon GO, I've been playing more of that,
just because they've had a lot of their stone and earth types.
And so, I've been trying to just level up some of the ones I don't have yet.
Fucking lack of fucking shinies is driving me crazy.
I have not gotten a shiny anything since...
What was the Dragon Water one?
Dratini?
Dratini, yeah, since Dratini. That's the last shiny that I got.
Wow.
And I played quite a bit. I mean, I don't know.
I know, me too. I run my gacha a lot, and I'm just not getting my needs met.
Yeah, so to me, I don't even know that there's shinies, because I never get them.
And then what else?
Yeah, I think that's about it.
I picked some stuff up on Steam. I don't remember what it was, though.
It was just a Humble Bundle.
So whatever that last one was, I think it was the multiplayer one.
I think I wanted it just for this stick fight game, because that game's awesome.
Same guy as it did, you know, the Total Epic Battle Simulator,
and Cluster Trucks, and stuff like that.
So I wanted to support them, and the game looks awesome.
I watched some people play that.
Cluster Truck is fucking fantastic.
It is a great game.
I lament not playing it more, but the fact that I've played it since its official release...
Oh god, what was that? End of 2016 or something like that?
Yeah, it was more like that.
All sorts of fun.
But yeah, I mean, I had finished everything.
The only thing I don't have on that is I haven't played the PC version enough to where I've gotten...
They had Halloween special levels and stuff like that that I wanted to try out, and I don't have those yet.
So I had to play through that.
And then I did play a little bit more Bloodstained Curse of the Moon,
and I think that was it.
It was mostly Switch stuff, just because it's very convenient to play that, especially after my kids go to bed,
because I just pop it off the dock and away I go.
So that's been my week.
Alright, Jason, you want to tell us about your gaming week?
I have been eyeballing the Switch for a while.
I was in San Diego in, well, April now.
It's June, so not last month.
I was in San Diego in April, and on the way back, visited a friend of mine in Arizona that had one,
and beat the entirety of Odyssey with a modicum of Power Moon chasing, finding, puzzling.
I beat the entirety of the story, kind of rushed it towards the end, but I legitimately beat that game.
And as I expected, everything about the Switch's design is phenomenal.
You see the underpinnings of what the Wii and the Wii U brought,
and they turned it into such a great presentation package.
So many things that they're doing with Labo and other accessories,
and all of the wireless capability of the Switch is phenomenal.
All of this I'm putting together to say, I own a Switch!
So, my gaming week has been playing Odyssey on my own system,
over again doing a lot more Power Moon hunting, and that's the only retail title I owned.
I've been a fan of 2020 Super Baseball since it's existed, both in arcade and on the SNES,
and seeing that on the store, I picked that up immediately.
I touched on Pokemon Quest just to see how it played, get a feel for those mechanics.
It was kind of interesting, yeah, but getting most of the way through Odyssey again,
a little bit of downtime, my brain is wiped from the 48 hours of driving that I've been doing.
Working mostly in Odyssey and Downtime, I actually read Ready Player One.
That's gaming related. I hadn't read that back in the day.
Did you see the movie already?
Yes, I caught the movie.
It's completely separate.
Yeah, it is, but I think thematically, with the intent of the base ideas that went into the book,
they took the important bits and then made, not better references, certainly different references,
more modern references than the movie.
I enjoyed the movie and I read the entire book, and that was great.
Gaming Week has been reading Ready Player One, catching up on Odyssey,
a little bit of dabbling of some other stuff, some other random stuff on the store,
and I think that's pretty much it.
Because I'm not on a weekly basis, I have been playing Borderlands with two friends of mine
for quite a few months now, once a week on Sundays every week when I'm not traveling,
and I have officially beaten Borderlands 2 for the first time all the way through, finally.
Nice.
And so we started, we were kind of back and forth between the DLC and the pre-sequel and all that kind of stuff.
We'll get to it eventually, but we're actually doing True Vault Hunter mode,
which, because I had never beaten, I never did that either,
so seeing mostly the name renames more than anything else,
but even some of the quirks of making armored racks and armored psychos
and a lot of those things even worse and even harder and more frustrating to deal with has been really interesting.
So Borderlands 2 for the past couple weeks with some friends of mine,
and yeah, fill in time where possible and when not traveling.
Alright, well that's fun. Borderlands Friends, that's a nice little weekly thing to do.
I need to play through the pre-sequel still. I'm hoping for three this year.
Yup, yup. I'm hoping for three.
I think that's a pretty safe bet that that'll happen, but we'll see.
Anyway, my Game of the Week, I'll try to keep it fast since we've had a lot of Game of the Weeks,
but I've been playing more Pokémon GO. I got my Latias so I can calm down about having my Pokédex very filled,
although one of my friends is visiting Texas right now, so he just sent me a picture.
He just caught a Corrosola, so I'm a little jealous. These region locked stupid Pokémon,
but oh well, one of these days I'll catch some region locks of my own.
Let's see, I've also been playing on the Switch. I also was playing Pokémon Quest a little bit.
I've been continuing in Hyrule Warriors, which I think I was playing after the show last week,
and still having a good time playing that, but all these other games that are coming out that are getting my attention,
including, I finally got my code on the Switch so I could play Bloodstained Curse of the Moon on the Switch,
so I actually did a stream of that for probably a good hour, hour and a half earlier this week,
and I played through like, I don't know, six or seven levels.
I got all the way to the boss with the, that's kind of like the succubus girl that has little umbrellas,
like that was the last thing I beat.
Yeah, so I was trying to explain it to my kids.
Why is there bathtub red? I'm like, it's blood.
Because it's full of heart candy, you know, I don't know, you just have to kind of, yeah.
So anyway, I like, you know, especially, it's funny because as I was playing through the stream,
I was like, you know, oh my god, this is just like Castlevania, this is just like Castlevania,
like these monsters are just like Castlevania.
Exactly, yeah.
I do like those like small little subtle things that they change, like the different candle colors,
so you know if it has a weapon in it type of thing.
I really like the character switching mechanic, like the old dude that's an alchemist,
like some of his attacks are badass, like that ice thing saved my ass, I don't know how many times.
So, and I remember there's even one of these boss fights I was doing.
Oh yeah, it was the painting, the painting that fucking like ate one of my characters.
I was like, what the fuck? The painting just like one shot at me.
So I was like, fuck this, so I played the old guy and I just shot it with an ice beam,
and then just walked up to him and went, beep, with the little rod and the painting shattered.
I was like, well that made it easy.
So anyway, I like that variance between the different characters and thought that that was really cool.
And I've been playing on the simple mode, I've been playing in casual mode,
or sometimes as we call it here on the show, Bobby Black Wolf mode.
It's not, there's nothing wrong with it, it's just you have infinite continuous, so what?
Exactly, so what? It's still the same thing.
It's funny because I haven't played this game yet, I bought it and I'm going to play it after the show,
and it's called Just Shapes and Beats, which is a game that Jason referenced in the introduction there.
Just Shapes and Beats has been shown at conventions for like years and years now,
and I remember like the Mortal Kombat theme was always like a song.
Did the Mortal Kombat theme even make the final game? I don't think it did.
I don't think so.
I think it's just like, yeah, I think it's just like other bit tunes.
I guess Bobby would know because he's been playing.
It sure was a highlight, yeah.
Well because everybody knows that song.
If not all three PAX outs that I've been to 2016, 2017, 2018, it was absolutely 2017 and 18,
and when you get kind of towards the middle of the show floor, test your mind.
And so I saw it at MAGFest, I think both times I was at MAGFest I saw it, so kind of a similar thing really.
I mean, I make fun of it, but you know, hats off to them for putting something, for being able to get it together,
and consistently having a crowd and getting it out the door.
Well anyway, the thing with that game, Just Shapes and Beats, I noticed because I haven't played it yet,
but I went through to configure the options just to make sure that when I broadcast it after the show tonight,
because Bobby and I are going to do a co-stream after the show tonight,
I want to make sure that when I broadcast it, it's going to look fine.
So I was going through different options, and I noticed one of them was about a casual mode,
and it said something about, in this mode you have two times more health to help you basically get through the story mode and stuff,
and it said something like, there's no judgment in playing this mode, just have a good time with a little heart emoji,
and I thought that was really funny, so I like that they did that.
Anything that talks about a casual mode will always remind me of my Devil May Cry 3,
that I was just horrendously terrible at it, so much so that I unlocked easy mode,
and I turned off the game and never played it again.
You know what, there's so many people that will go to the park and play basketball on casual mode,
or play baseball on casual mode, so you know what, sometimes you're going to play a video game on casual mode.
And that's also why basketball was created, because they could just land shots all day if they just didn't have to run around all the time.
Oh my god, alright.
Is it the 90s yet? Have we traveled back yet?
Dated reference.
Bonds006 in chat says, I own the term filthy casual, I play all my games on casual.
Hey, no shame in that.
Well, my thought with Bloodstained 2 is that knowing it's like an 8-bit version, I'm like, it's not going to be that long of a game,
so once I play through it on casual and I beat it on casual, if I like it enough, then I'll go through and play it on normal now.
And it's like, okay, now I'll kind of know what to expect, and I think I'm actually kind of glad I did it that way,
because there are things like the branching paths and the upgrades,
and there are things where I'm like, okay, I'm glad I kind of know this in advance of playing it on normal mode.
I think that will help.
So, anyway, that's enough for my gaming week and what I have been playing this week.
By the way, though, it did come to my memory this week.
I recalled that we had talked about a Minecraft Realms for VoG.
We got distracted with all this other stuff.
Oh yes, I have not forgotten.
So that is something that I want us to hopefully get underway this week,
so stay tuned to our Discord for all the details over at vognetwork.com slash Discord,
and once we have something up and running, I'll be sure to post more information there,
but that is something I'd like us to do this summer for all the Minecraft players.
Are we going to do survival or creative?
I think we're going to do survival so that there is actually a game.
I won't play then.
Oh, but it'll be easy survival.
But I don't like survival mode at all.
All right, well, creative is just, I mean, there's no reason we can't have two realms,
but if I'm paying for it, I'm going to pay for the survival realm.
I'll just play by myself.
All right.
Yeah, I think just with creative, it's cool because it's art on a canvas,
but I don't think there's as much.
And I think when you did yours, yours was on creative, right?
It started off survival, and then we just went creative
because we were going to do a lot more stuff in there.
Bobby Blacko says, is there a survival peaceful where there's survival mode,
but there's no creepers?
We'll look into that.
Yes, you can do that.
Yeah, because creepers are fucking annoying anyway.
Just no creepers specifically or is that PvP?
I think you can turn PvP on and off, but I think there's a mode where it's still like,
the thing is though, in crafting mode, you have access to anything when you want.
Peaceful though, I don't remember if there's animals though with peaceful.
I don't remember.
We'll look into it. We'll figure it out.
Creepers aren't that bad. You'll just get used to not having to deal with it.
You can turn off creeper, I think where you can turn it off where the explosions don't break anything.
They just hurt you.
Yeah, that's the annoying part.
I think you can turn that off, I think.
We'll look into it this week.
Alright, anyhow, that is enough though for our gaming weeks.
As far as announcements go, next week will be a little bit of a shorter slash different show
because E3 is going to start on Saturday and run through,
let's see, we have preferences on Sunday and then Monday,
and then the actual show starts Tuesday as well as the last press conference,
or in this case Nintendo Direct, is Tuesday morning.
So there will be lots and lots coming through E3,
but we'll kind of be in the midst of that when we do our show next week.
In two weeks, we will be celebrating 16 years of Orange Lawns Radio.
This show is old enough to drive right off a cliff.
That is where we're at with 16 years of Orange Lawns Radio.
And then we will be off the week of the 24th.
It's a good thing that this show ends in the 9 o'clock hour Pacific
because when you're 16 on your provisional license, you can't drive after 10.
Oh, is that true?
Depends on where you are.
Yeah, it depends on where you are.
Is that not US-wide by now?
That's not US-wide.
Well, keep in mind, in Mississippi, permit age is 14.
Yeah.
Oh, wow.
You get your license when you're 15,
but I don't think it's required yet to have driver's ed to get it at 15.
They've changed a lot in California.
I think even when you have your license, like 16, 17, 18,
you can't have other kids in the car or something weird.
They have some really weird lawyer.
Yeah, those are the same rules.
At least for me, when I had my provisional license,
because I'm the youngest one in the room,
for me, when I went through the driver's license process growing up in New Mexico,
obviously, with your permit, you had to have an adult, a parent.
I think it was any adult, not just a parent.
But with a provisional license, you could not drive after 10 before 6
with more than one other friend.
All of these can be overridden with a parent in the car.
And I think the only other requirement is that you're supposed to have,
like, 50 hours of driving by the time you get your actual license.
I remember getting pulled over at 2 in the morning once when I was 16,
but I had legit, because my dad worked for the railroad,
so he was on call 24 hours a day.
I had legit taken my dad to work at 1 in the morning
so I could use the car on the weekend for something else.
I got pulled over, and I was by myself,
and I think the cop was more concerned with, like,
what the hell is he doing out at 2 in the morning by himself?
Give me your fake ID.
Yeah, right?
Just take it with you.
Anyway, no, they didn't have quite those same rules when I was 16.
Anyway, all right.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Laundry Radio
at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, magazine.
Uh, let's move on.
Let's talk about news.
We got gaming news to get to, starting with Loki.
Let's get into news.
Do we have news? Okay.
A few things.
I guess we'll get to that, finally.
So, we talked about how PUBG was kind of a little upset
that there was this competitor, Fortnite,
that was, you know, coming out
and just kind of taking over the market
that they had kind of built up a little bit
with the whole battle royale genre.
And, you know, their complaints before were like,
well, hey, they're ripping us off
because, you know, this uses a frying pan in this game,
and actually, I think this lawsuit was similar.
They were doing it against mobile games as well,
like some mobile knockoffs saying that,
oh, yeah, they use a frying pan.
They use the phrase, you know, winner, winner, chicken dinner
or some other bullshit like that,
and basically the whole concept of the battle royale gameplay.
Well, now they have strangely enough decided
that they're going to sue Epic Games over Fortnite.
Just to put some things in perspective,
I'm looking at Twitch right now, the rankings live on Twitch.
So, Fortnite is currently the number two ranked game on Twitch
with 224,149 viewers.
IRL is number one right now.
I don't know what's going on IRL, but yeah.
Fortnite is number two, and then Player Unknown Battlegrounds,
which used to be, like I would see it number one all the time, number 15.
That is on my phone right now looking at the Twitch app.
So, I mean, their main complaint is that, you know, one,
that it's unfair because they were licensing the, you know,
Epic's game engine to basically build their game,
and because they were using the Unreal Engine,
they felt that, oh, because they were familiar with our game,
so they just straight up copied it,
and now they're profiting off of this thing that we came up with.
I don't know. To me, it seems kind of ridiculous,
but let them try, I guess.
They are suing them, though, in Korea,
which is kind of interesting that they're not doing that in the US.
I'm wondering maybe if their laws are a little bit different there,
or what's going to count as, you know, copyright or whatever.
But, yeah, so that's something that they're doing,
and what's kind of weird, though, about that is, like, okay,
you're suing the company that you're using their game engine.
I mean, you don't think that there's going to be any sort of negative consequence
to doing something like that.
I mean, that doesn't seem like a very smart thing to do,
but they're going to try, and I think they're going to fail,
but they're going to try, and we'll see what happens,
but ultimately they're probably going to fail.
Yeah, I don't really see it. Well, this lawsuit is not in America.
It's not. It's in Korea.
And it's just such a stretch. Like, I get it, the gameplay is similar,
but then that's kind of going back way, way back, like,
Street Fighter clones, Doom clones.
First off, you didn't invent the battle royale genre, one.
I mean, there were games that were out way before PUBG
that were basically the same type of game.
And the Romans existed.
Yes. Right.
You know, like, H1Z1, King of the Kill, very similar gameplay.
And honestly, I think that would be the defense's angle right there,
is that you didn't invent it either. Done.
Using a frying pan as a weapon in the game, not iconic to your game.
Yang did that in Final Fantasy IV, thank you, thanks to his wife.
Princess Peach did it in Super Mario RPG.
And it's been used in books.
There you go.
I'm sorry, am I the only one that read Dragonlance?
And it's been used in the kitchen.
Exactly.
And on top of that, a lot of the assets that are used in PUBG
are straight out of the Unreal store.
Like, there's not really a cohesive style to the game,
whereas Fortnite has this unique art style, unique gameplay,
there's the whole building portion of that.
It's very different.
It seems like such a stretch to try to...
The goal of seeing that their game copied yours
just because their game is doing better than yours right now.
Thank you, Ninja.
You know what? Karma's gonna come up.
It's gonna catch up to you.
And it's gonna bite you in the ass, especially when it's the company
that you're licensing their fucking game.
I know, I was gonna say, I am really surprised
that we have not seen Epic make a move where it's like,
you know what, due to ongoing litigation,
we have to suspend your license because of this litigation.
I'm really surprised Epic hasn't made a move like that yet.
Maybe it's coming.
Maybe that's something they could subtly do during E3
and it might get lost with all the other news going on,
but we'll see.
But, I mean...
I mean, the PUBG fans would certainly notice
and make a fuss about it.
We'll see.
I'm just curious to see what will happen,
but I just think that you gotta...
It's not a direct clone.
It's not like we're seeing like,
oh, look at this, this is a mobile game
that looks like it's PUBG.
It's just something different.
They're calling it something different
and copying the unique style of the game,
but this game is very general and kind of bland looking
and that's to its detriment, unfortunately.
Yeah.
So, we'll see.
Speaking of Fortnite,
there's rumors that it's coming to the Switch,
and this is from a couple different sources,
one being that there is this document posted on 4chan,
so take that as you will,
but allegedly it's like a leaked...
I'm bringing in the truck full of salt.
A leaked...
It's allegedly a leaked piece of material from E3
and advertising materials, something like that,
talking about games coming out to the Switch.
However, there is also a second source, though,
which is the Korean ratings board
that mentions it on the Switch,
so maybe that's a little bit more legit,
but we'll see.
It wouldn't be a big jump to say that it's coming to the Switch.
I would imagine that that would do well there.
So, we'll have to wait and see what happens.
Only a couple weeks.
All right.
Yeah, I'm pretty...
Do you think it's...
I think it's absolutely happening.
I think it's legit.
Yeah.
I don't see why not.
All right.
Yeah, Dark Tetsuya says,
normally I wouldn't put a lot of stock in that rumor,
but the Korean rating board thing is interesting.
Well, also, if you think about Nintendo,
it's a good way to sell that,
hey, multiplayer pass.
Oh, good point.
Good point.
Nintendo is trying to load up
on all the stuff that's multiplayer online.
Although, games go on PC and play it for free,
but, you know...
And you can't stream Fortnite as easily from the Switch.
I mean, well, I mean, if you have a card like I do,
it's super easy, but, you know,
not as built in.
Anyway.
All right, well, over on the Microsoft side of things,
Microsoft taking a little heat this week
because they have laid off Xbox support staff,
and the new plan for folks that need Xbox support
used volunteers from the Xbox Ambassadors program.
Now, well, before you go too crazy with this,
it's not like they closed their whole call center
or anything like this.
Here's what actually happened.
Microsoft let go of 12 people from the Xbox support teams.
It's not like the entire existence of their support staff.
But, I mean, it's still worth noting,
like, they let paid people go
to basically have volunteers do what they were doing.
It sounds like a lot of these folks
were inquiries that went to Twitter.
It's like, you know how Xbox has a pretty active Twitter account
that will help people that are complaining about different things?
It sounds like a lot of the staff came from this area.
So Xbox Ambassadors now will be the ones
that will be able to help.
They will earn points and get entered into competitions
for a chance to win prizes.
So, apparently, too, just to put salt in the wound, I guess,
Microsoft asked the staff,
the staff that they ended up letting go,
to train Xbox Ambassadors and increase their input,
which is always a little bit of a red flag.
I mean, sometimes, you know, cross training is inevitable
no matter what industry you do.
But sometimes if it's like, wow,
I'm showing every function of my job to somebody else,
that may not always be the best sign.
Every case is different, I suppose,
but certainly that was probably the first sign
that something's up there.
Anyway, Microsoft, of course, is not specifically responding
on anything about the layoffs specifically,
but in an interview that they did with the big gaming website,
they said that we continue to have a number
of highly trained customer support agents
plus community ambassadors available to help customers
with their needs.
It's never good to skimp on your communication anywhere,
but I feel like Twitter, being such a first line,
is an especially bad place to get rid of
full-time, compensated, you know, talented individuals
and open it up to any aspect of community management.
Maybe. I don't know.
That particular role strikes me as a little...
That particular medium for the role strikes me
as a little strange.
Bobby and Chad confirming they had an active Twitter account,
they've stopped responding pretty much altogether,
so it sounds like pretty much anybody who was using that Twitter
was probably part of this.
So, you know, that's unfortunate for those guys.
What? Who messes with tweets to one account doesn't scale?
I'm surprised.
But...
Well, I mean, I kind of thought Microsoft
would have learned this lesson before
about what happens when you dial back on community engagement.
You get something like the Xbox One unveiling.
Now, granted, I realize this is a different scenario
because we're talking a little more like support and help,
but still, like, I'm a little surprised to hear
that Microsoft wants to cut corners
because I feel like that has not benefited them in the past.
But no one plays games anymore.
Everyone's watching TV and sports and sports
and TV and TV TV.
Well, I mean, but if they can't...
Here's the thing, though.
If people can't figure out how to fix their Xboxes
and they're complaining about it on Twitter
and nobody is, like, actively helping them,
then they're going to continue to complain to their friends
and the other people they follow on Twitter.
I mean, I just always felt like
when Microsoft is, like, actively seeking out
the people having problems with Xbox stuff
and they're replying to them,
they're trying to cut these issues off
before they grow and they escalate
and they turn into,
now I'm going to tell all my friends about
how shitty, you know, Microsoft is, you know?
I don't know.
At the end of the day,
will this have a gigantic impact on things?
I don't know, but, hmm.
So, anyhow, Bobby is also kind of saying, like,
they had several Twitter accounts,
like Xbox Support One and Two,
but basically they replaced those accounts
with ambassadors' personal accounts
that use the hashtag, hashtag XboxAmbassadors.
Wow.
Rageinator says, I'll help you right now.
Did you try turning your system off
and then not back on again?
Oh, that should just be,
there should be a Twitter robot.
How many flashing lights do you see?
Oh, my God, this would be a genius Twitter robot.
You ready?
Whenever somebody writes a complaint to Xbox Support,
it just automatically replies,
have you tried turning it off and then on again?
Hashtag XboxAmbassadors.
Hashtag XboxIp.
I think that's funny.
I think that's hilarious.
Hashtag the XboxCrowd, the XCrowd.
Let's see.
SS2100Matt says, they were pretty hush-hush
about that hacking problem you had back in the day, Rob.
That was before,
the hacking problem was before their Twitter.
The 990 gig thing that came up,
I think they did try to reach out to me on Twitter,
but they, like, couldn't help me.
They couldn't figure it out.
They, like, couldn't help me.
They couldn't figure out what the hell the problem was.
So it was weird.
Yeah, they didn't really want to, like, admit anything.
So it was kind of weird there.
Anyway.
So that's something that's happening.
So, you know, if you have strong feelings about that,
I suppose you could tweet Microsoft,
but I'm not sure it's going to change anything.
So just hopefully this doesn't lead to a series of more bad decisions.
If you tweet at a support account and nobody's there to read it,
did you really say anything at all?
Maybe I'll send that tweet right now to Xbox support.
I'm surprised that we're not having Cortana field these tech questions.
Make sure to hashtag your question.
That could be the robot.
That could be the robot.
But instead of, like, Cortana, it's like,
God, what is that web series with Donard Duck and,
you know what I'm talking about, Darcy.
The Rupaz drag rez.
Like, all the, like, gooby is based off, like, a Disney thing with gooby
and Donard Duck and stuff.
Oh, yeah.
Right, okay.
Somebody knows what I'm talking about.
Or Miss Effect.
Yeah, yes.
Like, that whole thing, yes.
There should be, like, a core Cortana or something.
Core Ann.
Core Ann.
Perfect.
Core Ann is the boss.
Is the boss that just replies to everybody going,
have you tried turning it off and then on again?
Yeah.
Core Ann.
And the Avatar is just a picture of Courtney Cox from Friends,
but, like, dyed blue.
We live in the modern age of the internet where that is something
that could be possible.
That's it.
Gooby Dolan.
Dolan, Dolan, that was it.
Thank you, Act F.
You win.
You know what I'm talking about.
All right.
Sorry, I'm in love with this idea.
Like, does anyone know how to program a Twitter bot?
Like, Bobby, I know there's so much work to be done at Vodka Network,
but do you know how to make a Twitter bot?
Jason, do you know how to make a Twitter bot?
I could look something up.
This is Gaming Adjacent, so.
We need Core Ann to happen.
Gaming Adjacent.
All right.
Meanwhile, let's get into some other stories.
Dark Saga.
Oh, this one made me angry and then made my heart warm.
So, there is a streamer who goes by Ann Munition.
She plays some of the war games like, was it Rainbow Six
and a few of the other ones like that, PUBG, God of War, Overwatch.
She was playing Rainbow Six offline with a bunch of guys,
and then they didn't know who she was, and she was a pretty big streamer.
So, when they asked if she was a woman, she said yes.
And the moment she confirmed it,
they laid into her with some really hateful shit,
like calling her, you know, you try to use gamer girl like it's an insult,
and then called her, and this is a quote
because I would never use this term, a tranny bitch.
And then said, we're not treating you like this,
we're not being like this because we don't like women,
we're being like this because you're shit.
And the same person telling her, I hope you die.
And all she did the whole stream was just play the game,
play square, called the shots when they need it,
when she would do well, they said she was kill stealing,
and then when she died, they would just fuss at her for it.
So she saved the whole thing and uploaded it.
Uploaded, made it public, called them all the fuck out.
And one of the players went back and said,
I'm extremely sorry for the way you feel.
Which is number one, the bullshit, I'm sorry you feel that way.
No, it should have been, I'm sorry for being human garbage.
And he said, you know the words I use,
we're meaningless and have no substance.
And her response was, I appreciate that you wanted to apologize,
but man, you went hard just because you heard a woman's voice.
You called me a fucking tranny bitch and told me to kill myself over nothing.
All I did was exist.
And she's like, and I'm going to read this quote here,
I don't necessarily want to crucify people.
When I feel there's a potential for them to walk away from the subject thinking,
wow, I messed up.
I did something really awful and it came back to bite me, I won't do it again.
But, and she's basically like, yeah, there's consequences for this.
Which actually, I am super inspired by this,
to the point that I want to go out and play these games,
and catch people in the act, and go public with their names.
I just, this kind of begs the question, like why, I don't know what platform she's,
I mean if she's playing these on PC, then unfortunately the downside of PC
is a little bit more of a no man's land.
There's no moderation is my point.
I'm not saying it makes it right, I'm absolutely not saying that,
I'm just saying it's harder to moderate.
But if she's playing these games on Xbox Live, or PlayStation Network,
or Nintendo, you know, which these games aren't.
Rainbow Six on Nintendo, please.
They can't do that.
No, she's playing on PC it looks like.
But my point is, Nintendo would have the same responsibility no matter what.
Okay, then sadly, you know, because my question...
But those games themselves, their rooms should be moderated.
That's true, the game makers should be doing something,
because somebody is kind of hosting those servers.
My, I guess my question at the end of the day is like,
why aren't these fuckers getting banned, or dealt with, you know,
because like, look, I've had my share of completely unpleasant matches in Overwatch,
and I just play Quick Play for fuck's sake.
And I've seen people be really fucking mean in Overwatch.
And it's like, and it is PC, so Blizzard thankfully has, you know,
they've committed to trying to do some better stuff.
But they're saying it's taking away from the development of future stuff,
like they're having to deviate, I know that's kind of where my head is at.
Hire more people.
Yeah, right.
Be less shitty.
Don't outsource to Xbox ambassadors.
Oh no, we'll get less, we'll get less, you know, Overwatch skins.
The whole thing, to go back to the point, is,
and she also goes on record saying,
I'm sick of sweeping this behavior under the rug and pretending it's all fine and dandy.
It's easy to sweep things under the rug, it's harder to ask people to be better.
Especially when so many people are just resigned to accept the fact that
online gaming and toxicity goes hand in hand.
To go back to what you were saying about playing on PC.
It shouldn't go hand in hand.
And honestly enough, I want to hold these people accountable.
I want to fucking hold them responsible.
I want people to know that these people are garbage.
And if you see these tags, ostracize them.
Let me ask this tough question though,
as much like I get that from an immediate, I feel like some justice has been done in this scenario,
but at the end of the day, what does that really change for those people?
These people need to lose their privilege of being able to play the game online.
And unfortunately, you can't do that.
At the very least, just like we had that one person go back and say,
I'm sorry that I was that way.
Well, he clearly got some shit over it.
Or he probably wouldn't have apologized.
People like that don't apologize until they're fucking caught.
And when they're caught, like all these, you know, asshole men who are being accused of harassment,
and they're like, oh, I'm sorry, blah, blah, blah.
Yeah, you got caught, bitch.
More of them need to get caught and made a public example of.
I just don't understand why, like I get it.
You don't understand because it doesn't happen to you.
Okay, let's not do this.
Let's not.
You didn't let him finish his thought, to be fair.
Yeah, well, I get interrupted all the time.
All right, finish your thought, Logie.
No, what I understand is like, I get it, there's dicks out there online.
I mean, but there's also functions to mute them as well.
And I get it, yeah, maybe one gender gets it more than the other,
but you can also just mute them and block them and then that's the end of that.
You shouldn't have to, especially when you are playing a cooperative game
and you need to fucking hear what the other people are doing,
or else it's not a very cooperative game.
Yeah, I got to agree with that.
In a co-op sense, like when you're muting somebody, it's harming the game
because maybe the other team isn't having garbage.
Here's my thing.
Here's what I honestly think needs to happen is what the decent individuals,
and I think, you know, the men in this room would consider themselves decent individuals.
Yes, they're all decent.
I think many of the men listening are very decent individuals and so forth.
So here's my thing is that the other thing that kind of blows my mind in this scenario
that happened with this gal that was playing online is that when these comments were made,
nobody said anything there and then.
And I'm not saying she has to always be the one to do it.
Why didn't any of the other bros say, dude, not cool, it's 2018, grow the fuck up.
Because they are equally garbage.
Or chicken shit, you know.
And that's my thing is that I think it's up to the other people.
It's just like, you know, when we talk about some of these greater complications in society,
you know, so forth, usually it takes that person in the position of privilege, so to speak, to call out.
Because the unfortunate thing is it doesn't always happen when the oppressed is calling out.
It takes the person from the position of privilege to say, hey, wait a minute, this shit needs to stop.
In order for change to like for people to kind of, you know, the oppressor to stop and think about what they're doing.
Does that make sense?
But anyone who is so weak willed as to go along with it is part of the problem.
They are equally, they are complicit in this behavior, even if they sat there and quietly said nothing.
Now, she was taking the high road because she was the one being targeted.
She kept, and I think it was because, you know, she was recording this too publicly out them.
She had to be the one to play it straight.
And kudos to her for calling it out, for making it public.
Because we need more people to stand up and make it public and hold these people accountable.
I have to admit, though, you know, I'm looking at Bobby in our chat room.
I'm quoting him a lot tonight, but he's saying some good stuff.
And honestly, I have to be honest, I'm in a similar place to where Bobby's at because something that Bobby says,
that's why I never play online.
I have better things to do in my time rather than be in a place with people being assholes.
My time is more valuable than that.
I have to kind of agree.
That's why I don't play a lot of these games online.
But also taking yourself out of that situation doesn't help alleviate it either.
It contributes again to the problem because they're pushing out the people who are talking against them
who aren't willing to take a stand.
Yeah, but I sort of feel like I don't want to jump in this garbage pool in the first place.
This is part of the reason why I don't like to go on Xbox Live with non-friends.
I kind of feel like, you know, Microsoft kind of needs to moderate this.
The people that are interested, maybe if that gets better, maybe I'll consider going in in the future.
But otherwise, it's a waste of my time.
Look at it in terms of history.
Let's say that it's in the 60s during the protests against Vietnam.
A lot of people said, I don't want to be involved in this.
Okay, hold up though. Hold up though.
I know where you're going with this thought.
So I'm just going to say, does this mean you're going to start playing Rainbow Six online?
I might.
I will be very interested to see if you stick with that.
I have to put my money where my mouth is.
I mean, I have to practice a little bit and actually be good enough to play online.
But I mean, if that's what it comes to, I would do it.
You know, that's why I'm an activist and other things that are important to me.
You can't just...
It's...
Real heart, what is it?
The true evil is when good men do nothing.
All it takes for evil to succeed is for good men to do nothing.
That's the quote.
So if you do nothing, it's going to persist.
If you want things to change, if you don't like how something is,
you have to get in the middle of it and you have to fucking make it change.
Nothing changes until you make it change.
Even if you die without seeing the change,
you got in there and made the fight, and that means that the next generation to pick it up
is going to take up where you left off.
That's why, I mean, if we want to look...
I know it's just a game, you know, playing games online,
but look at it in the higher context.
You know, if you're willing to take a step out for this,
you know, an easy thing,
what's to say that there won't be a bigger, you know,
that when it comes time for a bigger stand,
that the same behavior might not happen
because it's easier to just take yourself out of the equation.
We have some comments from our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Shehulk says, I've met a lot of cool people online playing games,
but every once in a while a person cheats or is a loser.
I block them forever.
ActDeft in chat says, and people complain.
Splatoon 2 not having proper voice chat.
To be fair, ActDeft, like, I think when that topic has come up,
I think there is certainly some complaining in that regard,
but then there's also that whole, like,
well, if it was there, would I use it anyway?
I don't know.
And then Bonds006 says, I want to play Dark Sakura.
Team OLR on RB6.
So, hey, you might have some good dudes.
That means I have to actually buy the game.
Or it doesn't necessarily have to be that game.
Believe me, there's lots of toxic games out there.
There's other games that I can play that I'd be good at.
Don't you already own Overwatch?
It makes me motion sick.
Fortnite. It's third person.
I could do Fortnite.
That might be a great place to start.
But Fortnite's a good candidate too.
I'll do Fortnite. No problem.
I bet there's a lot of people that would love to play Fortnite with you.
I just, you know...
It's...
Oh, God. I'm just...
It's something that's very... Activism itself...
I get it, girl. Let it out.
...is very near and dear to my heart. Sure.
And when I see people not willing to fix something,
but they're willing to complain about it,
you can't complain about shit
if you're not going to fucking do something about it.
It's like voting.
If you don't vote, you have no right to complain.
I just, I think in this particular case,
it's more complicated than that, because from my perspective,
Jamie, you're saying you need to play this game
that you have no interest in playing.
It's not the no interest in playing thing.
It's people play the games,
but they don't put themselves in that environment.
And I can understand keeping yourself out of something
if you just don't enjoy it.
But the fact of the matter is that
when you know that there's a group out there
who wants to enjoy the game online in that capacity,
and you could be in a position to help them enjoy that game,
why aren't you helping?
I would say, though, in some cases,
especially MMOs are the thing that's near and dear to me,
and I have been the type to, you know,
I kind of give it back to them in MMOs,
because my character's a sassy little lala
that when somebody mouths off, I mouth her off back to them.
I do it in WoW.
When I'm playing WoW and I have a piece of shit
in one of my parties, I vote kick them.
So there are places.
And I post screenshots.
But I think just when it comes to stuff like this Rainbow Six
and all this stuff, it's like, that's just a pool
I am not interested in jumping in.
And I would just hope that maybe some of the dudes in there,
because there probably are a lot of decent dudes
that are playing Rainbow Six,
can kind of be the ones to start that change.
Because there are so many games out there,
and the industry is so huge,
that change is going to have to come from multiple angles anyway.
I totally am planning on going ahead
and hopping in on games that I like.
And I'm going to stream them,
and I'm not going to tell them I'm streaming them.
Because why do they have to know if I'm streaming it?
I'll wait until the game's done, and they'll say,
watch the stream of your behavior at this.
Because I'm ready to start calling these fuckers out.
Bonds006 says,
we need to have an official OLR online game squad team group, etc.
Let's make it happen.
Or at least at the level of VOG, too.
We've been talking about that for a while.
We need the OLR me, or the VOG thing.
But the other thing, too, is that
it's something I've already been doing on social media,
like Facebook.
If I've gotten a message from someone being scum,
and thankfully I haven't gotten any yet,
because some of these people have learned,
I've posted it, I've gone and found their parents
and sent them links to how their children are behaving,
I got apologies real quick.
Because I don't care if you're going to be shit.
I'm going to call you on being shit. Sorry.
I am not going to sit here quietly and let people...
And some people on Facebook do need a spanking.
But I'm not going to sit here quietly
and let myself be an oppressed party.
Fuck you. I'm going to stand up for myself.
Bonn 2006 in chat says we can each do our bit,
as Jamie is saying.
Yes.
Alright. Anyway. Let's move on.
We've got lots more gaming news.
We're an hour and a half into part A.
Let's try to get the rest of this gaming news.
But it's good stuff tonight. Loki, what do you have for us?
So this is kind of cool. I watched this video,
and it's basically this guy who...
He actually hacked...
Most people, when they emulate stuff,
you're thinking like you're emulating the hardware
and running the ROMs like NES emulator.
We're taking emulating hardware,
we dump the ROMs and we run it
so that it runs on fake hardware, basically.
Well, this guy, programmed by the name of Tom Murphy,
otherwise he's known online as Tom7,
he worked on a slightly different route.
Instead of emulating the NES, he emulated the cartridges.
So basically what he did is he threw in a Raspberry Pi 3 Mini
inside of a cartridge,
and he got it to interact with the cartridge slot
in a way that he was able to output to the NES.
And so he outputted this presentation that he made,
and he even outputted Super Mario World
in an SNES emulator running on an NES.
Which is pretty awesome.
So, really neat, but...
I think he has the code online to actually try that as well.
But, really cool.
Alright, so how can I do that at my house?
I guess you have to have a Raspberry Pi 3 and be very smart.
Because you have to completely wire a cartridge or something like that, right?
Yeah, basically he wired the output from the Raspberry Pi 3
to the cartridge slots to work...
It went very in-depth in the video, so definitely check it out online.
His YouTube account...
Let's see here...
Looks like it's like Ampersand or it's...
Yeah, Tom7 is what he's...
Oh, Suckerpinch is his name on YouTube.
So he's looking for Suckerpinch.
I think it is kind of a neat concept, though.
So, DarkTusuya says, I watched the whole video. It was amazing.
Yeah, so he has a making of the reverse NES emulation process.
And it was interesting because he basically talked about how the cartridges worked and everything.
And how he had to make his own security chip and everything.
It was just really interesting.
And just being that you can use a Raspberry Pi to do that.
Pretty awesome.
Alright, well, let's get into talk about some E3 leaks
and some things that are getting announced a little bit in advance of E3.
So, Assassin's Creed Odyssey has apparently been confirmed thanks to a keyring.
That's right, there was a keyring that showed up.
I don't know if it was on a shelf or what the deal was.
But apparently the merchandise was posted by a French site.
A little collectible that showed Assassin's Creed Odyssey.
The little logo and a little Greek Spartan helmet on a keychain.
So, this led the official Assassin's Creed account to then tweet a couple days ago.
See you at E3 with an official little quick teaser there.
So, certainly this was kind of a spoiled announcement, I think.
But at the same time, is it a shock that there's a new Assassin's Creed game coming?
No, they said that they were doing one this year, I think.
So, that's not a shock.
Maybe the Greek thing is a little bit of a surprise.
But, hey, since God of War went to the Nordic gods this time, if I'm not mistaken.
Well, they've been mixing it up.
I mean, they did the whole pirate thing for a while.
They did Ancient Egypt last time, so now Greece.
Sure, they're just mixing it up.
I was still waiting for Feudal Japan.
I know they had the spin-off Assassin's Creed that was like that, but that was more of a 2D game.
I'd be more interested in the actual Feudal Japan one.
Having not played the Assassin's Creed series, it makes me feel very strange.
The sheer number of Assassin's Creed games I have in my library on my Xbox One.
Because, what, three of them have been games with gold?
Yeah, I think one of them is right now.
Yeah, it was. Second half of May.
It was a game series I could just never get into.
Like, I purchased the first Assassin's Creed and I just like...
I haven't never been into Assassin's Creed.
I played two hours of the first one and it just didn't grab me.
And then two, three, four, Black Flag, China.
But some people love them. It's just different.
It might be just so many, so fast.
And it could be just that style of gameplay, because Dishonored is the same thing for me.
I can't get into Dishonored either, and I tried with that.
It's a similar type of gameplay, that stealth action type stuff.
That's me in Monster Hunter. I feel like Monster Hunter is a game I should really be into and love.
And I have so many friends that are super into it, but I've tried it and I'm not feeling this the same way.
I don't know what it is. I'm just not feeling it.
But that's different.
Different games for different people.
Different jokes for different folks.
I suppose, if you want to put it that way.
Anyway, moving on. Dark Soccer, what do you have for us in the news?
Oh, I have some stuff.
You know, last week we talked about that game, Active Shooter,
where you play as either the police responding to an active shooter or the shooter itself, going into a school.
Well, the online petition has been successful.
And Valve has taken the game off of the Steam store.
Also because the developer has a history of bad behavior.
But it also, of course, gained some pretty big attention after two of the families that had students killed in the February attack in Parkland
said it was despicable and horrific and really called them out for it.
Steam got some really bad PR over this by folks who had been involved in either school superintendents or people involved in the education system or local law enforcement.
Really started calling them out, so Steam jumped in and said, nope, it's gone.
So they emailed the media and said that it was taken down ahead of the June 6th release.
And the developer, who is calling himself Ata Berdyev, has a history of being a troll, abusing customers and publishing copyrighted material and doing user review manipulation.
So they're not going to do business with people who act that way toward their customers.
He's an asset flipper, so he's been known to do a lot of really shitty games that have been on Steam.
The one that got him in trouble last time was he put up a Pickled Rick game, which of course rips off Rick and Morty.
But he's done several other asset flip games on there and then basically manipulated systems to try to get him.
He kept coming back on there.
It wasn't him this time publishing it, but it was him and his friend, I guess, publishing it.
And they just found out because he used the same bank account as his other companies that he has the same dude.
Well, someone who said his name was Arthur Belkin says that Ata was his friend and that the games were his.
So he's waiting for Steam to reply, but basically it needs to be taken down anyway.
Nah, he's not coming back.
Well, never say never.
Next time he'll come back wearing glasses and a suit and he'll just look different.
But also this guy said that everything was bad sarcasm.
Sorry, but English is my third language. No.
Yeah, that's not really an excuse for the game though.
No, you're... bye bitch.
Yeah, some of those things say it all in every language.
Hold the garbage accountable.
Alright, moving on. Loki.
Yes, so there was another announcement that was teased with a very long Twitch stream of a screen and a bobblehead.
But finally Fallout 76 was announced.
And it's not clear exactly what the game's going to be about aside from Vault 76.
But that there's been some artwork that they're painting down in LA.
Because traditionally when E3 rolls around they tend to paint artwork on that one...
I don't know if it's like a hotel building or something like that that's right there.
Oh, it's everything in that area. Like, you know, the banners go up on the convention center itself.
The nearby hotels, parking lots, all the buses.
The picture that they have for it though has multiple Vault boys on there.
So the thought is that it's a co-op or online type of game but they haven't really said what it was yet.
Doesn't mean that they're stopping from taking pre-orders of course.
Before we even know what the hell the game's about.
Yeah, it's coming.
And then of course the game is under development by Bethesda Game Studios.
And then also a company, Battlecry Studios, is working on it as well.
So it'll be interesting to see. And I guess we're going to find out about it in June 10th.
For sure.
We can hardly wait.
Yeah, I'm excited for E3 too.
Especially because it seems like there's all these big games.
And obviously Fallout is another one of those things.
I personally don't super get into Fallout because I own Fallout 3.
And I just never really like super...
You have Fallout 4.
Oh, no idea. I have Fallout 4. I get them all confused.
I have Fallout 3 and I have Fallout 4.
And I think I have another Fallout 2.
But anyway, I can't get into them the same way I get into Elder Scrolls.
You should. It's really good.
I know. I know. It's so weird.
Anyway, I'll be curious about this new one.
But I mean, just between this and Borderlands.
I'm going to be more into Borderlands than Fallout.
But it's been a long time.
I've been getting that itch to play Borderlands again.
Well, I think a lot of people are getting there too.
So, alright.
Well, maybe you've got the itch for a classic video game.
And get this, apparently Intellivision is going to be making a comeback.
Now, I know Intellivision...
They've done the Intellivision Lives and they have an Intellivision Flashback.
I actually own the Intellivision Flashback.
Like they have Atari Flashback and so forth.
But Intellivision is kind of going through another sort of shift, if you will.
And it's thanks to Tommy Tallarico.
Who we actually had on this show years ago in Video Games Live.
I'm Facebook buddies with him and he's been posting these cryptic hints.
And then finally he's like, here's the news.
Really? He didn't accept my friend request and I tried to add him.
Or he had hit his limit.
I think it is the time my friend requested him.
So, anyway. I'm not his friend. But you guys are. That's alright.
So, here's the deal.
Is that Tommy has apparently acquired the rights to Intellivision.
So, Intellivision Entertainment is going to be now the name of the company.
And Tallarico did a little interview about this.
Of course, he's not just the musician who did Video Games Live.
But he has done video game development as well before.
And of course he's done, you know, TV and some commentary due to that.
Of course, Intellivision Productions came from Keith Robinson.
Who unfortunately passed away in 2017.
Which, you know, I remember meeting Keith Robinson years ago at an E3.
Around the time, I think, Intellivision Lives was coming out on like the Xbox or something.
Or the Xbox 360.
The Xbox.
It was like the original Xbox, yeah.
I think.
So, yeah.
Well, no, no, no. That would have been like...
It may have been both.
Because the Xbox 360 was out because we were playing...
Yeah, I feel like it came out on 360 and like PS3.
I feel like it came out on...
So like there was that whole little collection there.
I think I...
Did they bring my 360?
I know I was playing...
Because that was the year that they did demos for like the E3 stuff.
So they had...
Lost Planet, I think, was one of the demos that you could play.
Before, you know, it was the same one that was on the show floor.
MXC says it was PS2 and Xbox that that came out on.
So I guess it was kind of a little bit of an older game.
But I feel like they were doing...
They were trying to do more stuff with later games.
But anyway.
So Intellivision Entertainment is out.
And so they are looking at doing a new Intellivision console.
But Tommy Tallarico kind of wants to take a different approach.
Doesn't want to necessarily do the same thing that like the Atari relaunch is doing,
which we'll talk about in the second half of the show tonight.
But Tommy said in an interview,
I see a huge gaping hole in the market now with families in the home.
We will be focused.
We will not try to compete with Sony, Microsoft, and Nintendo.
That would be insane.
And we would need one billion.
So they're going to come out with more details on October 1st.
There's also a new website you can get into as well.
So it sounds like...
And he says we are in the middle.
We won't run Netflix.
We're not trying to do 3D.
I was going to say I hate to be the one to say the terrible O word,
but it sounds a lot like the Ouya.
Well, you know what?
I think there was a lot in concept that maybe could have been better about the Ouya.
And so maybe a second go at it is what this needs or what have you.
And it'll have the classic Intellivision library to back it up.
But it sounds like from what Tommy is saying,
maybe they're going to try to put out a console that's like 50 bucks,
something that's a lot cheaper, maybe $99.
I don't know where they'll go with it.
They'll try to put something out that's really cheap
that just plays simple kid-friendly type of games,
which maybe isn't for you and me, but that's okay.
Maybe the goal is the parents can play the games they remember from Intellivision.
Well, I mean, if you think about it, imagine a homebrew version of the SNES classic.
You're running SNES type games on that type of hardware for that price point.
That doesn't sound terrible.
I mean, think about if Nintendo had the forethought to put networking in their SNES classic
and have a storefront where you can purchase more games.
It would have been cool if they had called it Satellaview.
Or that, yeah.
And harking back to that.
So anyway, I'm very curious to see what Tommy comes up with with this.
And hopefully we'll get...
It sounds like he's taking the right approach,
where he's like, look, we're not trying to compete with Nintendo in this stuff.
We're looking at a different market.
And so maybe this is a kid's bedroom console.
I don't know. We'll see.
So good luck.
SG100Matt in chat says, I think he'll do a good job with this console.
He's a smart businessman, and we'll get the right people to work on this.
Tigerclaw says, so expect those Intellivision consoles at your local dollar stores.
Well, I don't know.
I don't want to be that pessimistic about it,
but maybe some of the games will show up at dollar stores.
But honestly, is that such a bad thing?
I mean, if there's a way to make some of these games for pennies on the dollar,
then maybe dollar store sales is not actually the end of the world.
So anyway, we'll see.
We'll see.
Dartatia also says, video games live wouldn't suffer because of this new system.
He'll still be doing that, too, from the sound of it.
Well, you know, you can run multiple businesses.
Again, it's just like Gwyneth was pointed out in an earlier comment.
If you have the right people that are doing it,
you can still kind of do whatever you need to do.
Anyway, let's take a trip down memory lane and take a look at a classic.
Every week, Dark Soccer steps into the gaming vault
and finds a game that she thinks, hey, you should be checking this game out.
And maybe it's not as old as the Intellivision this week,
but it's still a classic.
I mean, when gaming's been around for years and years and years,
you've got a lot of shit to choose from.
But the rule around here is generally ten years old.
We blur the line a little bit, but ten years older or more.
So Dark Soccer, I know this is probably more like 20 years old.
What is the classic game of the week this week?
Marvel Super Heroes.
A fighting game developed by Capcom that was released in the arcade in 1995
and was a CPS2 arcade system game.
It got ported to...
Stupid ads.
I thought this thing had ad block.
You need the ad block for YouTube specifically.
I guess so.
Okay, here's the actual music.
Plus I picked one of my favorite characters to play in this, Shuma Gorath.
Or as Dan and I just kept calling him Shumachan.
But anyway, this is a cute little god of destruction and chaos.
Cute is an interesting word to describe it.
I love the poses though for Shuma Gorath in this game.
It also has one of my favorite ever attacks, chaos dimension.
But I'll get to that anyway.
So later on it was ported to the Sega Saturn and Playstation in 1997.
The Saturn version being the good one.
And then it also was included in the Marvel vs. Capcom Origins collection.
Where, of course, Marvel vs. Capcom was also released as well.
It came out digitally for Playstation 3 and Xbox 360 in September 2012.
It is loosely based on the Infinity Gauntlet storyline.
And it is the second Capcom fighting game.
The first one being X-Men Children of the Atom.
And then succeeded by the Marvel vs. Capcom series.
And one thing about this is that it was dedicated to Jack Kirby.
Because they based all the characters in the game off of Jack Kirby's original design.
The ones that he had the hand in.
I read his autobiography too.
And if you haven't read Jack Kirby's autobiography you really should.
But going further.
It is a fighting game.
Did I say fighting and lightning for some reason?
It's a fighting game.
It has superheroes and villains from the Marvel universe fighting against each other.
But they use attacks to knock down the opponent.
And of course possess more life than them at the end of it.
And they also have this different mechanic in it.
They have the infinity gems.
So the power, time, space, reality, soul and mind.
And you can knock them out of opponents during arcade mode.
Or fill certain criteria in versus mode.
Like just getting the first hit.
Or doing different things.
But when you use the gems in battle you get enhanced effects.
So for example if you use the time gem you get super speed.
Power of course.
Power.
Different ones can be life.
Things like that.
And also certain fighters will get extra benefits from using certain gems.
Like Spiderman using the power gem will let him create a doppelganger to do extra damage during his attacks.
And so basically the main antagonist of the game being an infinity gauntlet storyline would be Thanos.
And see I thought that with Infinity War having recently come out I thought that this game would be appropriate.
So the characters in the game are, and by the way some of them are only available in the Japanese version.
They were hidden characters in the Japanese version and they were unlockable in Origins.
And then of course there is boss characters.
So Thanos is the unlockable boss character.
And for a hidden character you actually have Anita.
As in Donovan's little wanderer.
You know the little girl who hangs out with him from Darkstalkers.
And Doctor Doom was also an unlockable boss.
Other than that you had Blackheart.
I don't know I really wasn't too into some of those characters in the 90's.
But I remember Blackheart was in, it was like Punisher, Wolverine, and somebody else doing a crossover for that.
But also Captain America is in it, Hulk is in it, Iron Man, Juggernaut, Magneto, Psylocke, Shuma Garak, Spiderman, and Wolverine.
Which I don't understand that if all of these characters are in it why the fuck was Doctor Strange not in it.
But go ahead and ask Marvel that.
So it did include four of the characters that were in X-Men Children of the Atom.
Who were considered to be the most popular so it was Wolverine, Juggernaut, Magneto, and Psylocke.
So yay Psylocke was one of my regulars in this game.
And then of course the home conversions were revealed at E3 1996 with Stan Lee there at the time.
It is one of the best fighting games I think I have ever played.
Great graphics, wonderful music, and then of course the Saturn version is of course practical perfection.
Because it does use the 4 meg RAM cartridge so that you get near arcade quality performance from it.
You're missing some frames of animation, but it really is about as great as the arcade version as you could get the day it came out.
Playstation 1 of course was lacking because it didn't have the memory to accommodate so many characters.
And of course the Sega Saturn much better for anything 2D.
And of course Saturn Magazine gave it a 95% for being a wonderful conversion.
And it was considered the 16th best Marvel video game by Geek Magazine in 2013 for quote it's chaotic yet insanely fun gameplay.
And it's considered one of the top 25 best 2D fighting games of all time.
Because the gem collecting mechanic still keeps the game fresh.
Now a little story about this game.
When I was a student at the University of South Alabama we had at this little, I mean the place has long gone since then.
But it was a deli that had been around since like the 70's called Solomon's.
And now it's like some barbecue joint.
But Solomon's had this bar but they also had an arcade next door to the bar.
And to the side also of the deli that had import arcade cabinets as well as ROM hacks.
Just you know bootlegs and what have you.
So I got to play this game pretty much the week after it came out.
And I remember saying you know I only need 3 hours of sleep.
And going to Solomon's at 4 in the fucking morning to play this.
And one of the still beta editions of Mortal Kombat 2.
And that was like my jam. Lots of pinball too.
But I have very fond memories of this game.
And of course my first character on this game was Psylocke.
My second was Shumacrath.
So memories. It's a great game. Did you guys play it too?
No I didn't really get into the Marvel side of the fighting games until Marvel vs Capcom.
When Storm was in it and you know I would always play Storm or Chun-Li usually like that.
So I think I kind of missed this one. I don't remember this being in any arcades near me. That was the problem.
And they had a missed opportunity with this game.
Because if they really wanted it to be more true to you know the Infinity Gauntlet stories.
You should have had Gamora. You should have had Nebula. You should have had you know Doctor Strange involved in it.
You know Dormammu maybe. You know.
We actually need a remake to this.
Well and I understand they tried to do that with the Marvel vs Capcom.
But that's bullshit. It means it's just a flat Marvel game.
The 2D fighting game that has the actual characters involved in the Infinity Gauntlet original storyline.
Because the Infinity Gauntlet storyline is fucked up because it had Nebula getting the gauntlet.
And if they do that in the movies I'm just going to laugh.
Well.
I haven't seen it yet.
I do the next movie.
Alright who knows. Anyway.
Yes Nebula had the gauntlet and made Thanos her bitch.
But.
She also had hair.
But that you are simply talking about the comics.
About the comics.
We don't know what they'll do in the movies.
About the comics.
I haven't even seen the movie because I'll be perfectly honest Infinity Gauntlet was really not one of my favorite storylines.
Uh huh.
You know Secret War was another one I didn't like.
It was from that same general era.
The stuff that I liked was like Extinction Agenda and Inferno.
All the X-Men separate storylines.
Alright.
Well there it is.
Classic game of the week.
Marvel Super Heroes.
The arcade game but also ported faithfully down to Sega Saturn.
And the Playstation.
More people had a Playstation.
It was where we just patted the Playstation people in the head and said oh you poor dear.
You get it too.
But remember Saturn sold very well in Japan.
That's true.
And if we had gotten in the US if they had marketed as well as they did in Japan and got us those 4 meg RAM carts.
They could have charged 100 bucks a game and people would have said here take all of my money.
Yeah well considering that Neo Geo was giving you arcade perfect stuff it was way more money.
Yeah you could have gotten close to perfection with the Saturn for a fraction of the cost.
Alright.
Well we're going to take a quick break but when we come back we have lots more news.
We have your emails.
We also have some stories on free games coming out if you are subscribers to Xbox Gold or Playstation Plus.
We'll talk about some backwards compatibility.
We'll talk about Atari's retro stuff and maybe some more Street Fighter stuff as well.
So we're going to take a quick break.
Don't go anywhere.
We've got more of Orange Lounge ready to come right after this.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio Live tonight.
Episode number 733 of our show already in progress.
For this June 3rd of 2018 kind of the eve of E3 and as we talked about in the first half of the show.
Quite a few things already kind of slipping through the cracks thanks to various leaks.
Be they intentional or not.
We talked about Pokemon Let's Go.
We talked about Fallout 76, Assassin's Creed Odyssey.
And we have more to talk about in this part of the show as well as your calls in a little bit here at Orange Lounge Radio.
All one word on Skype.
But before we get there we have some rapid fire news to get into.
Of course Jason also joining us in the studio.
I need to give him a shout out as well.
Hello. Hello.
Good to have you as always.
Hope you have a good time so far.
Alright.
Let's get into rapid fire news and we'll do Loki.
Yeah.
Let's talk a little bit about Mayman 11.
The game that I forgot was coming out but it is and it looks awesome.
Oh yeah.
I didn't forget it was coming.
It's just one of those.
I'm going to believe it when I see it.
And so this week they kind of showed it a little more.
Yeah.
They showed it a bit more of the game.
It looks very similar as far as gameplay wise to the original Mega Man.
And of course much nicer looking.
They showed off some of the new boss characters in there including Block Man and was it Fuse Man I think it was called?
Or Spark Man or something like that.
That's right.
Fuse Man.
It's Fuse Man.
Yeah.
But it looked pretty cool and they have like a time slow ability that you have now too as well.
But the game is going to be coming out October 2nd on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Switch and PC.
So you can check it out then.
If you're getting it on the Switch they even have a version that has an amiibo because everything has an amiibo.
Because of course it does.
But it's not the existing Mega Man amiibo.
It's a new amiibo.
It's a new Mega Man amiibo.
It's the amiibo edition.
So it's got the game, the new amiibo, a Dr. Wily logo adhesive patch and a set of stickers and the stage select microfiber cloth.
You can wipe your dirty Switch off.
Because your Switch has been very very dirty.
Very dirty.
It needs to be rubbed down by Dr. Wily.
And of course as everybody's favorite retailer it is a GameStop exclusive.
Because of course it is.
That makes me so angry.
Whatever.
Yeah.
Alright.
And then of course it's that time again.
It's that time to see what new games are going to be coming out for the month of June.
As part of the mandatory multiplayer passes that you have to pay for.
But you can forget stuff.
So for Xbox we've got starting June 1st, Assassin's Creed Chronicles Russia.
And that's for the whole month of June.
And then of course starting June 16th through July 15th you're going to have SMITE the gold bundle.
And then the Xbox 360 compatible games that are going to be released around that time.
Sonic and All-Stars Racing Transformed for the 1st through the 15th and through the 16th and the 30th.
Lego Indiana Jones 2 the adventure continues.
Isn't SMITE free to play?
It might be like a gold pack that you're getting.
Yeah I figured they're probably like what?
Like XP boosters?
Some like that.
Characters.
They've done this before because they gave away killer instinct in games with gold which is also free to play.
But what the games with gold stuff was like you got all the season 1 characters.
I think at one point they even gave you all the season 2 characters.
So you got some of the stuff that most people would pay money for.
I'm also fucking garbage at Xbox One Killer Instinct.
Yeah Xbox One Killer Instinct is like a totally different game.
I like it a lot but it's very different from the old school ones.
And then on the Playstation side of things for Playstation Plus.
On Playstation 4 we're getting XCOM 2 and Trials Fusion.
I do like me some Trials so that's worth it.
Except I already bought it.
Playstation 3 is getting Zombie Driver HD and Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Future Soldier.
I thought they stopped doing Playstation 3 games.
Or maybe I'm thinking Playstation 3.
They will be stopping that I think but they gave like a year notice on that.
So it's like stopping in April 2019.
It's a ways out.
Okay.
Don't quote me on that date but it's a ways out.
And then on the Vita, Atomic Ninjas, and Squares.
I don't know if any of these are like multi-platform games because usually there's a few of those on Playstation 3 and stuff.
That end up being like multi-platform.
Yeah.
But check those out.
Kaishudo confirming the date is March 2019.
I was really close so April would be the first month without it.
Anyway.
Let's see.
Also Needlecrash is in chat talking about Mega Man 11 saying yay Mega Man 11.
And mentioning that the Japan versions or the Japanese versions have better editions.
So if you want the Amiibo you could import it if you don't want to do Gamestop.
Of course that's going to be way more money but you'd be getting a Japanese edition.
They're a little different in their configuration so maybe that's an alternative.
So I like that.
Yeah.
Some outside the box thinking.
I like that.
Good deal.
Alright.
Kaishudo says I love the Gamestop.
This makes me smile.
I'm glad someone's smiling.
Alright.
Moving on.
Also in Microsoft news, what about backwards compatibility?
That's still a thing that is growing and continuing.
So this is pretty cool because it's a lot of Rockstar stuff so I think Loki you're going
to be really into this.
Because it's all the same engine.
Yeah.
Right.
So apparently starting June 7th you will be able to play Grand Theft Auto San Andreas,
Midnight Club LA, and ooh this is one that I bought because it was an early 360 release.
Rockstar Games Table Tennis.
That's right.
All of them will be available to play now on the Xbox One thanks to backwards compatibility.
Grand Theft Auto San Andreas will be the enhanced version released on Xbox 360 with the increased
resolution and draw distance even if you use the original Xbox disc.
So that's pretty cool that the original disc will actually trigger the enhanced version.
The original disc with the downloaded patch.
Well yeah because all the disc does is unlock the download.
Yep.
That's all it's doing.
And then the Midnight Club LA will be the complete edition.
Oh I'm sorry the initial release and the complete edition will be available.
So neat.
They say there was a native 4K update for Red Dead Redemption when they did that but
no similar improvements to these at least not yet.
Who can't wait for the Sonic the Hedgehog movie?
Well it's happening.
I'll probably see it at some point.
Whether you like it or not Sonic the Hedgehog is becoming a movie and they were trying to
get Paul Rudd to be in it but it sounds like they have actually cast James Marsden from
Westworld and I believe he was Cyclops in X-Men if I'm not mistaken or like the early
X-Men movies right?
Yes.
That was him.
That was him.
So he's a little older now.
Dick Cyclops.
And his now his movie career consists of running around with blue hedgehogs.
But is he going to be Sonic or is he just going to be like one of Sonic's wonderful
friends?
He is the star.
He is possibly a buddy cop type of role it sounds like.
Sonic's human friend.
Yes.
Sonic shitty human friends.
This honestly it's sounding more and more like a cross between Detective Pikachu and
what is that R rated movie about the puppets that's coming out?
No it's not like that.
No I would say if anything because it's blue it reminds me a lot of the Smurfs as in it
would be shitty but I still kind of want to see it because Neil Patrick Harris is in it
but that's really the only reason I'd ever want to see that movie.
And since I do say Detective Pikachu it shouldn't be forgotten that that movie is still happening.
There is a Detective Pikachu movie coming out too.
So it's Ryan Reynolds though it's not it's not Danny DeVito but I hope that Ryan Reynolds
will be as dirty as Danny DeVito and I believe that he could do that.
I'm sure I'm sure.
Good times.
I believe in Ryan Reynolds.
He's my current lord and savior.
I'm still a little apprehensive about the fact that they're doing a clue movie with
Ryan Reynolds because you all know clue is near and dear to my heart but it's going to
be R rated.
Yeah.
They could go places.
I need everybody to stop saying remake.
Literal flames.
Literal flames on the side of my face.
Every clue that comes out is a new clue because it's different every which way.
It's true.
This is a re-imaging.
Re-imagining of the board game in a movie form.
Right.
Yes.
Just like how there was the VCR game that was different.
But if we have nods to Madeline Kahn.
I would be fine if they do like a nod and have somebody in the movie doing the whole
flames on the side of my face.
Like I think they're almost required to do a nod.
Or if they do an opposite like I went cold.
Cold like the depths of hell.
If you read Dante.
I'm just thinking.
Maybe.
I don't know.
Yeah.
Something a little more in your face.
Or like a character named Yvette or Wadsworth.
Like they can call the butler Wadsworth.
I don't care.
Anyway.
Let's move on.
Sorry.
Away from clue.
Yeah.
Well we did bring this up before.
But it's of course gotten larger attention so I did want to bring it up.
Ted Dabney who is one of the co-founders of Atari died at the age of 81.
Which is not a bad run.
Started the whole thing with you know wanting to do.
You know of course the Nolan Bushnell who created Pizza Time Theater.
Had the idea for the Pizza Time Theater way way back when.
But it's one of those ideas that came about and led to.
You know they couldn't start the pizza place.
But they began the partnership that led to Atari.
Right.
So.
So even though we had addressed this last week.
It's worth noting that like you're seeing this now on places like the BBC.
And like these very large websites.
I'm reading it off of NPR.
Yeah.
Or NPR.
Like these very big places are kind of picking this up.
Like I even noticed it on Twitter.
Like one of my friends that does a lot of like media stuff.
Posted a tweet about it like Tuesday or Wednesday.
And I kind of wanted to reply and be like this.
He actually passed away like a few days ago.
But I didn't want to be that bitch.
You know I was like OK if people are.
It's taking its time for people to kind of recognize it's happening.
And so.
And the thing that's kind of what you saw happen.
About the NPR article is it does go a little bit into more of who he was as a person.
It was cancer that got him.
But what I didn't know about him is that I mean apart from just being an electrical engineer and co-founding Atari.
He was a Marine.
So I actually got call outs from a few buddies of mine who had been retired Marines.
So that was kind of actually how I found the NPR article.
OK.
So.
Interesting.
But yeah.
I.
I think it's you know.
He's he's one of our co-founders and actually this NPR article is totally worth reading.
I'm not going to go like super more in depth on it.
But it's a reason why since you know they set up their first pong in the Andy Capps Tavern in Sunnyvale.
We would do Atari party every so often in Sunnyvale instead of Davis.
So I'll link the article in the chat room.
It's totally worth reading.
It's definitely going to be a lot more.
Actually I'll be linking this on my Jamie Summers Facebook.
So definitely worth reading the whole article.
All right.
And also one of my favorite characters who I keep going didn't he die in the first Soul Calibur.
Maxie is back.
I won't be happy though with Maxie is not voiced by Hayashi Nobutoshi who was his original voice actor who was also Knuckles in Sonic Adventure and Toski in Fushigi Yugi and Basara in Macross 7.
Just one of those voices you know really good voice really good singer.
But yeah he's back in it and he better be voiced by the same guy or else I will be upset.
That's it.
All right.
We're going to travel around the world and check out some release dates some games you might be playing a little sooner than Soul Calibur 6 here on the Eve of E3 coming up.
Yeah there's actually some stuff coming out.
So we've got Blaze Blue cross tag battle that's on PC the Switch and PlayStation 4.
A game called Happy Birthdays that's on the Switch.
Nobunaga's Ambition looks like Taishi and that's on PC and PlayStation 4.
Onrush which is on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Shaq Fu the a legendary born on PC the Switch PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
The Elder Scrolls Online Somerset that expansion is coming out on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One I imagine on PC as well.
Vampire on PC PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Warhammer 40,000 The Inquisitor and Martyr that's on PC PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Flashback Remastered Edition on the Switch.
The Banner Saga 2 on the Switch.
And then as we talked about last week.
Muv Luv on the Vita and Muv Luv Alternative on the Vita.
And then finally and last but not least for this week Sushi Striker the weight of the Sushido on the Switch and 3DS.
That's it.
I feel like Nintendo's trying to push that game way harder than it deserves.
But I guess I can't hate till I try it so.
Hate which one?
The Sushido game.
Oh.
Yeah anyway.
Alright moving on to Japan and let's check out some of the releases there.
Hey on the PlayStation 4 Life is Strange Before the Storm gets its Japanese release this week from Square Enix.
June the 7th is when that will be out.
Fate Xtella Link is out from Marvelous in a regular and a limited edition in Japan this week.
As well as a game called Little Nightmares in a deluxe edition is also out this week.
But that is about it at least for the PlayStation 4 releases in Japan.
I should point out though there is.
Excuse me.
There is some sort of special PlayStation 4 like a new bundle that's coming out on the 8th.
It is a new.
It's a very pretty like blue.
It's called the Days of Play edition.
I don't know if we're getting one like that here but it's a really pretty blue like.
If Shane saw this I think he would import it from Japan because you know he loves the color blue.
And it's a really like pretty blue with the gold like PlayStation logo in it with all the little other X's nose.
And the controllers are really pretty too.
I might have to like send him that link and see what he thinks about that.
Anyway.
Also on other systems I'm not sure if the Vita.
The Vita also has that Fate Xtella Link and that's the only real release on the Vita this week in Japan.
But hey they're still getting something in Japan.
And then on the Nintendo Switch this week that Little Nightmares game is on the Switch.
Otherwise that is really it.
It's a little slower for releases than it is here.
Dark Sakura.
What about Europe?
In Europe we have on the 5th Elder Scrolls Online Summer Set.
Actually a game exclusive.
The retailer.
Onrush on the 5th.
Also Vampyr.
Vampire.
It's the Y R spelling.
For PlayStation and Xbox.
Warhammer 40K Inquisitor Martyr also for those same consoles on the 5th.
On the 7th we have MotoGP 18 for pretty much everything.
Flashback 25th Anniversary Edition for Switch on June 8th.
Also on June 8th is Sushi Striker The Way of Sushido.
That name.
Okay first of all Sushido would mean the way of sushi.
Don't call it the way of the way of sushi.
Stupid.
It's like saying chai tea.
ATM machine.
USB bus.
Chai tea.
Chai means tea.
But I love chai tea.
Bitch don't make me.
Hey next time I drink a cup of chai tea you should walk up to me and go hey nice tea tea.
Girl.
I'm way too easily amused.
Alright.
Or like when I see yakitori chicken.
Uh huh.
Yakitori means chicken.
On a skewer.
Specifically chicken on a skewer.
Alright.
Chicken on a skewer chicken.
If that's it for the UK releases then I'm gonna direct Dark Soccer to the mail bag.
The bag of mail.
Which I had to prune.
Yes Dark Soccer went in there and uh.
This is working.
Yes it actually I just a quick off the record since Jason was here I was like Jason.
Jason.
Jason.
Jason.
Jason.
I was like Jason our website's been doing all this stuff and he went oh click click click click click.
Done.
Done.
So hopefully that won't bother us again.
Okay so this one is actually a code for a game for someone who has Xbox Live.
I saw that.
So I don't have it so.
Um.
Whichever one of you guys.
It was Street Fighter something right?
Street Fighter 4 arcade code.
I don't think I have that on Xbox One if I don't have it I'll take it.
Then it's yours I'll leave it in the inbox.
Who sent that to us?
Rababa.
Thank you Rababa.
Rababa.
Rababa.
Rababa.
I've been listening to Rababa since he came back from Japan and gave me my Anpanman plushie.
Rababa needs a theme song.
Okay.
Rababa.
Rababa.
Rababa.
Rababa.
Rababa.
Rababa.
Rababa.
Rababa.
Rababa.
Rababa.
Rababa.
Rababa.
Rababa.
Rababa.
Rababa.
Rababa.
Rababa.
Rababa.
Rababa would like to take back this email.
That's right.
That's the actual email that's content for us.
Hey, OLR.
It's been a long time since I wrote you guys an email.
I just wanted to get your thoughts on Mega Man 11.
Two new bosses were officially revealed this week.
Block Man and Fuse Man.
They look pretty innovative and I like their designs as well.
I already have my premium edition on pre-order from Play Asia since Japan gets the good shit
and we don't.
I also noticed that you can't get the Mega Man amiibo on pre-order anymore from overseas
since it's sold out everywhere unless you buy the Switch bundle that comes with it.
Okay, I'll stop there.
So what do we think about Mega Man 11?
I think, yay, it's a fun Mega Man game and I'll probably have it.
Same.
I appreciate that with Mega Man 9 and 10 they went back to that old school Mega Man look
and they really made it look like.
But I think people have been waiting for a game like this where it's that old school
2D but definitely with the tricks that you can do in a new school environment.
Who am I kidding?
I'm gonna fucking buy it.
Even though I'm sure the game is gonna be fucking hard as a lot of Mega Man games are,
I'll buy it.
You know?
Whatever.
9 and 10 wrecked me.
9 and 10 were a disaster.
I'm not saying they were bad games, they were actually great games, but when I played them
it was sad.
Hey, remember how you couldn't dash or charge special weapons and all of these things from
the X series that you don't get anymore?
Go back to the 90s.
I want a new X.
That's what all this makes me do.
It makes me want a new Mega Man X.
We'll get there eventually.
What was the last X game?
X8?
X8?
Sounds right.
Yeah.
But...
They just have to get through re-releasing everything.
They have to get through extending the classic series and then they'll start extending the
X series.
My eyes are gonna hurt from all the rolling that they're doing.
And then the XE and the battle network and then they'll make another sequel to ZX.
Oh, DarkTight2U in chat points out over at live.vognetwork.com, I did hear Mega Man 11
will have a casual mode.
Yay for Bobby Black Wolf mode.
Yay.
Because I love those modes.
Although, with what I heard about Curse of the Moon, it might not mean a lot.
Look, the thing about Curse of the Moon, it gives you unlimited lives.
Yes, I wiped on that boss, but it let me start all over again on the screen before the boss.
That's typical Castlevania, too.
But I mean, I died.
I lost everybody and it still let me start there.
So, yeah.
I'm a big fan of casual mode.
So, to continue this email.
E3 starts in a few days and I'm wondering what your predictions are.
For me, I'm hoping of the following.
Onimusha Collection is announced.
PS4 to be backwards compatible.
Tekken Cross Street Fighter.
Final Fantasy 7 remake footage.
Nintendo Switch online plans.
Bayonetta 3 info.
Mega Man X9.
A man can only dream.
I truly hope you are all doing well.
I haven't had the time to hear you guys lately due to life.
But that's how it goes.
Be well, keep up the good work, and happy Pride Week.
And that comes from Needle Crash.
Well, welcome back. Happy Pride to you as well.
And let's see, E3 predictions.
Week? We get a month.
I guess that would be the time.
I know, that's right.
We do get a month.
Well, actually, here in SAC, it's this coming weekend.
But then I'm going to Chicago Pride.
I'm such a selfish bitch, I'm doing it twice.
I'm going to San Francisco Pride.
When you're in Chicago for Pride.
You're doing charitable work, though.
Well, but I would have been there anyway.
So anyway, as far as the E3 predictions go,
I think Bayonetta 3 info is a really good, safe bet.
As well as some of those other things that were named.
There's one other one that he named that I was like,
oh yeah, that's probably for sure going to happen.
I thought that Tekken vs. Street Fighter was a very interesting prediction
because that has seemed to kind of disappear altogether.
So I would like to see that make a resurgence as well.
Maybe they're hoping we'll forget about it before they re-announce it.
And maybe now that Street Fighter V is a little bit like,
and Tekken 7, both are kind of like, you know, doing their thing.
Maybe now's a good time for that to happen.
So that's a really good call.
As far as other stuff I'd like to see,
from the Nintendo camp, I mean, I would like to see
what great big holiday hit they have in store.
I think there's a lot of people really hoping for a new Animal Crossing.
I would love for you guys to be pleased.
But I really would put that expectation on the lowest possible setting.
I really want it though.
I know, but wanting it, like, I've wanted F-Zero for how many years?
Or as my husband likes to say, how does it feel to wand?
Yeah, here's the thing with Animal Crossing.
That mobile game is still too fresh.
So I would say, you know, keep bugging the shit out of Nintendo
and tweeting at them and stuff. Let them know the demand is there.
But don't be surprised if that's a next year thing.
But as far as Metroid Prime 4 goes,
now that I would like to hear some more things about.
Otherwise with E3, gosh,
I still am going to go by my old standby
that I think one of these years Microsoft is going to be the first one to say
you no longer have to pay to play online anymore.
That's my old standby prediction I'm convinced they're going to do.
Which seems weird, especially in the face of Nintendo
holding up that mantle now.
I know, but Microsoft has to make a big fucking move.
They have to be bold.
They're going to have to make a big fucking move to get people to talk about them again.
And I think that would be one of the things that would do it.
Another thing, though, about making a free-to-play model for online gaming
is the fact that there will be less...
If they have to shut down a server or something,
that will already lessen, I guess, some of the blow on that one
because no one's paying for it.
I was going to ask how...
I know the Games for Windows program ended a long time ago,
but for games that exist both on PC and Xbox One,
gold isn't a thing in the PC universe.
Correct. And you see where my thought process is going with this.
Yeah, I was leading down the same path with the big unification,
the big one ecosystem for multiple systems thing.
I don't want to repeat myself too bad, but Microsoft has these other perks.
They could still have a gold program that gives you the free games.
Microsoft has that very rich Netflix-style thing that they're offering,
the game password, whatever it is, separately.
They could start to move some of that into the gold and what have you.
I'm just saying, as far as paying to play online,
Microsoft being a company to take that off the table would be a huge fucking move.
And I don't want the Xbox and Microsoft fans to get mad at me
that I'm saying, oh, Microsoft's got to make a move.
But you guys know the reality is they are getting lost
amongst competing with PlayStation 4,
competing against themselves on PC.
And then obviously, Microsoft doesn't really compete with Nintendo,
but Nintendo's just got so much of that gaming buzz right now.
And hey, the phrase goes, you snooze, you lose.
Yeah, but if Microsoft made a big fucking move.
So I think that's another thing for E3.
I think that Microsoft is going to do something to make our jaws drop.
And even if it's not necessarily that, there's going to be like another,
here's another classic standby prediction that you all think is fucking stupid,
but I'm going to say it again, Minecraft 2.
I think it's going to be, well, Halo 6 is probably what they're going to bring.
I just think that is not jaw-dropping.
Halo 6 is just, oh, okay, yeah.
Halo 6, Royale, Battle Royale.
Yeah, okay, sure.
We got Minecraft 2.
What's that?
We got Minecraft 2 times 2 plus K.
Oh, Minecraft 4K.
Did that finally come out?
No.
No, I think the patch is like any day now, though.
I think it's supposed to be around E3.
So that's finally coming.
Microsoft 2 squared, 2 squared K.
Maybe they will announce that that comes out, but you know.
What would a Minecraft 2 be?
Kaishudo says Microsoft can make a huge move and just cancel the Xbox One.
For some reason, as you were starting your buildup,
I thought that's actually what you were going to say,
and it made no sense to me.
Microsoft's not going to cancel Xbox One.
Yeah, no, absolutely not.
No, they're not ready to get out of living room business yet.
I think this is a better prediction, what TigerClaw says in chat.
How about if Microsoft announces a new Battletoads?
You know, they have been teasing that genitalia for, I don't know,
how many years on the concept of a new Battletoads game,
and we know, like, what was the thing where, like,
Aaron Greenberg fucking went out there in a fucking Battletoads jacket,
or one of those Xbox executives went out there in a fucking Battletoads jacket
and was like, announce it already, you fuck!
Like, he just won't do it.
So, maybe this will be the year.
He's like, you know, hey, we'll put it in Ready Player One.
We'll go ahead and put it as a playable character.
It wasn't an inoculancing.
Just fucking announce it, bitch.
Like, just stop it.
Stop teasing me.
They have the collection that has it in there.
Maybe this is the year.
This is the year for Battletoads, maybe.
We're bringing you Battletoads.
Backwards compatibility.
I can't fit this.
I can't fit this cartridge into the CD drive.
Why isn't this working?
Alright.
Microsoft's big thing now is the 4K gaming.
That's where they're gonna go all in.
The 4K on the Xbox One X is superior to the 4K on the PlayStation 4 Pro,
so I hope they just own it.
And so maybe that'll be their thing,
is they're just gonna say,
we've got this in 4K, we've got this in 4K.
You know, developers, developers, developers in 4K.
Can I please have my Crackdown 3 already?
Can I please have that or is this...
Why 4K? Why not do 5K?
That'll be, and then they'll have the PlayStation 5K.
It'll only be on 27-inch max.
Alright, anyway.
Alright.
As Sharon under Matt says,
game retailers are pressuring them to make the game
because they're tired of fielding calls about
if they have Battletoads.
That the choice of retailers is funny there,
considering they kind of are the only retailer,
at least brick and mortar-wise, that exists anymore.
They started a whole online campaign for you.
Tell your, you know how they have like,
tell your cable provider that you want blah blah blah blah blah.
Tell your retailer that you want Battletoads.
It's not, it's not gonna do shit, but anyway.
Now we live in a Tweety Facebook-y era.
That's what we're talking about.
We live in a Tweety Facebook-y era.
That's the stuff that gets noticed, but anyway.
Alright, well there's some E3 predictions for you.
I mean, honestly, you know, I'm always,
it's one of those things where
I just don't realize it until you see it.
I was actually, I thought of it a little bit late,
but more proof that the only one
gets paid attention to are Twits.
Tweets, Twits.
Oh, Tweet, Twits.
Yeah, I get it.
Twitter.
Nice Twitties.
Alright, anyway.
That's it for email?
I thought I'd thought direct messages.
I got nothing.
You got nothing.
Actually, if you ever want a good laugh,
just Google image search like Tweety Bird graphics
because there are all these things that like
wine box drinking moms will leave like images
of Thug Tweety Bird on each other's pages.
Hold my mochi.
I'm going in.
Yep.
No, Google image search it.
Google image search like Thug Tweety Bird
or something like that and you get all these
like crazy results where you're like,
like the Tweety Bird on Blingy and all this other stuff.
It came up in one of our chats the other day,
which I thought was hilarious.
Anyway, going back to video gaming topic,
that's it for email.
So participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
if you would like to send us an email in the future.
Maybe you'd like to send us your favorite Tweety Bird meme.
Let's get into some more news though
before we get to phone calls.
Loki.
Alright, so let's talk about the current
and brand new game consoles.
In this case, we're talking about the Atari.
So the Atari retro console has launched
their pre-order campaign and apparently
that's gone well for them because it crashed Indiegogo.
It looks neat.
I'm not exactly sure what this is,
but I like the interface.
It looks neat with all their Atari games.
But we got more details on what it is.
So it's basically, it runs Linux
and it's on a Radeon R7 processor,
a 32 gigabyte hard drive,
four gigs of DDR4 RAM and expandable storage.
Plus it connects to the internet,
supports streaming video and online multiplayer games.
And they even have voice control.
So that's pretty neat.
They haven't said too much about
what games are going to be on there,
but apparently the wood paneled model
is going to go for $339.
And they look like the controllers are similar
to like a PlayStation controller.
They said they have a cheaper option,
I guess, that's the Onyx model with no controllers.
That's $199.
I'm hoping that this supports some sort of Bluetooth controllers
because otherwise that's kind of lame.
How am I going to get some controllers for this thing?
Yeah, that's what it said
at the end of the previous section.
So, cool.
Are you surprised this is doing so well?
I am, especially after the whole
Coleco chameleon thing.
I thought people would be kind of hesitant,
especially with Atari.
How they were trying to kickstart was at
Theme Park,
Roller Coaster Tycoon or something like that,
but it's like the shitty one from mobile.
I do feel like the audience
that would be getting a retro Atari
is very different from those that were
keeping an eye on Coleco chameleon.
I just think it's very different types of audiences,
if you know what I mean.
By the way, before you finish,
I have a very important follow-up.
So I sent Shane that
blue PlayStation 4 thing,
and he said, I would own it
if it was a pro system.
I didn't realize it's not a pro,
and he said, it was announced earlier this week
and I'm mad it's not a pro system because
it's beautiful. So I was right that he would be
into that blue system, but it's not a pro.
By the way, tell Shane I have
coconut pocky for him.
What is it, like dbrand
or other skinning sites that
you can get a blue skin for your pro?
That's true. I'm sure he has
some type of blue PlayStation 4 already
anyway, but just not that.
I do need to get a pro. I've been thinking about getting a
pro and
a 4K TV at some point.
I just don't know how much better that's going to
really make VR games and stuff.
I don't think it's marginally better.
Marginally.
The whole thing that Bobby is saying about the 4K
now that he has this whole state of the art
theater thing he set up,
he notices very much that
Microsoft Xbox One X
does the 4K.
I don't have an Xbox One yet.
But we knew that.
We kind of knew that. Even though the
PlayStation has 4K support,
it still doesn't have the technology
and the chips in it to really
do beefy 4K games.
That would be why I'd want
Xbox One X.
However,
with that being said,
I don't really need
an Xbox One X because I have a PC
that can run Microsoft games.
That's the problem that they run into.
They make all their games on PC
and it's like, why the hell am I going to buy a system
for cross-platform games
that I have a system that can play them on already?
Because it's getting hard to get a graphics
card that does 4K because of
fucking Bitcoin.
Well, I don't have a 4K monitor so I don't give a shit
but I don't have a 4K TV either.
I have a 4K monitor and do you know how hard it is to get a
VO card right now because of fucking Bitcoin?
I feel like the only way I'm going to be able
to get a graphics card is to pay for it with Bitcoin.
Anyway.
Moving on.
One thing I could
play if I wanted to. Actually, I thought about picking
it up was the Street Fighter 30th Anniversary
collection because it does look like a pretty
sweet collection of games
and of course that's available on the Switch
and I think it's on other systems too.
I would obviously get something like that
on the Switch. Yes, it is on Playstation 4 and
Xbox One as well as PC.
So the collection
the collection
it came out here in the States
it's been delayed in Japan.
They have delayed it in Japan to fall of 2018
but this might actually
be a good thing because you may
or may not recall
the folks in Japan weren't super happy
about this collection because
it's all English titles
voicing and text. Meaning the Japanese
versions were just kind of
thrown away. Well in a message posted
on the official website the producer
of Street Fighter Tomoaki
Aino shared
that they are going to do a fall 2018 release
for the Street Fighter 30th
Anniversary collection international
and said we apologize for the trouble
this may have caused to those of you who were looking forward to it
but please wait a little longer
for additional new information
besides the release period.
So it sounds like they are going to be making
some changes
to potentially maybe let them at least
flip over to Japanese voice acting
and all that stuff and where
you know Vega will be
M. Bison
and Sagat will be
all those different changes that they made in the game.
Correcting that triangle
all that stuff
I mean that would be kind of messed up
There would be some people
I bet that would actually be really into
being able to get some of the Japanese
versions here in the states
you know so I kind of hope
that if they do fix it they still have some type
of DLC or patch or something
where our versions can get the Japanese
stuff. I think that would be cool but
I'm not going to hold my breath but
I just think it would be cool. Anyway
needlecrash in chat at live.vognetwork.com
says collection isn't bad
it's pretty good but the
online is iffy at times.
Japan needs to get their versions of
Street Fighter Zero.
Alright let's move on
DarkSakura what do you have for us coming up next?
Well
people have been
stupid about Battlefield 5
because it involves
women in a World War 2 setting
and basically
DICE basically said
and I'm going to quote here
first of all let me be clear about one thing
player choice in female playable characters
are here to stay.
And then he went on to
explain that it is important to be able to play as a character
you identify with for
immersion and to customize the way
that you want to and I like
this quote too. We want Battlefield 5 to represent
all of those who are part of the greatest drama in human
history and give players a choice to
choose and customize
the characters they play with.
And now here's a history lesson
little boys
who didn't pay attention in fucking school
did you know that there
was an entire battalion of female snipers
out of Russia?
Did you know
that one of the
highest kill counts for female
snipers was a Czech sniper?
Did you also know that there were a number
of women working for the resistance
in Germany and occupied areas
that were releasing propaganda
hiding children, helping to get
people out who were
non-combatant civilians
and there were plenty of fucking
people enlisted in
the armed services
who were women
who performed medic functions
who drove tanks, who drove
delivery and who
whether or not it was documented
did participate in combat.
So get off of your sexist little
I don't know shit about history
you know ass hattery fucking
read a book and shut up.
Also it's a fucking
video game and like a lot of the
stuff you're doing in the video game
didn't really fucking happen in history so you
know what if we want to you know
maybe bend some things a little bit to be more
inclusive so women can play women in the game
does it really like
change anything about
battlefield? But they all should know their fucking history.
And that is true too I'm not denying anything
that you're saying there. Well you're saying battlefield
is not realistic I mean I can't jump out of a
plane, snipe somebody with a rocket launcher
and then land back in that plane again
and take off. But women!
That's where I draw
the line. Goes to show
you're still
have a long way to go. Wow Raginator
is actually like making great points
tonight I don't know what the fuck they put in the water
over there but Raginator says
wah I want realism in
my games Gondi sets off
nukes which is a popular
civilization joke if you
play civilization it's like Gondi's the most
aggressive leader in the game because of a bug
in the original civilization. Dungeon buster
historically accurate fixes tank in seconds.
So
anyway
I just
I just think
that cause the big point that these assholes
are trying to make is
from a historical standpoint
when history disproves them
already. Sorry
I make it a point to study history
because you know they say those who
who don't know their history are
doomed to repeat it we're fucking reliving it
right now but
you pay attention
to it you learn from it
and if you knew anything about fucking
history first of all you probably wouldn't be playing
battlefield but
but second of all
you would you would know how fucking weak your
argument is I mean if
you're this poorly
prepared for a battle of wits
just don't participate
here's you know what
I Jamie I'm a big fan
of giving people a taste of their own medicine
so here's what I think you should do let's
say let's say I'm a dude and I'm gonna tell you
hey Jamie
women don't belong in battlefield
this is what I think your response should be you ready
shut up and go make me a
sandwich all right so Jamie
a women shouldn't be in battlefield
shut up and go get me a pizza
I have standards
I think
you know what
I think you just you just give it
right back to them the same way
it's been you know
no I would literally be shut
up and go back to fucking school
and while you're there get a pizza
and while you're there bring me a bread tangle
of pizza
okay do we remember our strong bad
email teen girl squad
all right speaking of teen
girl squad Loki what's next in
the news Loki
is so and so this isn't
team girl squad but it's
team Sonic racing
so this was yet another game that was leaked by
Walmart and now confirmed by
Sega and they had a
teaser trailer that showed nothing except for
Sonic and
his
friends racing
so I guess we'll
look forward to that coming out makes
sense that they have Sonic and all-stars racing
transformed as your Xbox game of the month
so it does make sense
and actually that was a good racing game remember
that was the one with Danica Patrick as
one of the characters yes Sonic
and all his shitty friends and Danica
Patrick it's like and
and they also had was at the Sega
Outrun cabinet they
had like ooh la la they had a bunch of like
Sega characters that were really you know
infamous in there this is only Sonic team racing
because Sonic he has enough
shitty friends to make a whole racing team
yeah I really hope that even if it's like
team Sonic racing sure maybe
it starts with Sonic and his you know Knuckles
and all his shitty buddies can we have
can we make cannon like
you know how they have Sonic and
you know all that stuff
you know they don't have the Wario version
of Sonic can we have Sanic as
the Wario version of Sonic
Sanic and Danky King yeah
Sanic no why not why not
when
Court
Ann takes over
I mean Sonic is it's pretty
you know they're pretty meme-y
on their
their Twitter so I forgot about that
Bobby Blackwell says I recently replayed Sonic
and All-Stars Racing Transformed Wreck-It Ralph
was in there too I totally forgot
about that that is totally
true was yeah Wreck-It Ralph was like
one of the things you unlocked huh yeah
I remember that now so anyway
everybody super
Sanic Racing
I would totally love it
said super Sanic hey I still
fucking love Sonic R so whatever
yeah all right well lastly
but not leastly there is a
PlayStation E3 experience
coming to theaters near you
all over again on Monday June
11th so yeah you can
go to a nearby theater near you
tickets will be up this Tuesday
at 11am pacific you have
to be committed to show up 30 minutes
before show time if you're not there
30 minutes before show time they're gonna give your fucking seat away
so you better look out for that
so anyway if you wanna
if you live in Northern California
near us and you wanna go to one of these
events too fucking bad
there aren't any here not even
in the Bay Area this year the only
events in California there are
two of them in Los Angeles
one at Century City and one at
LA Live here's what
cracks me the fuck up about that
do you know where LA Live is?
it's next door to E3 it's next door
to the fucking convention center
so like I mean I realize
the press conference is in a different theater
in a different part of LA but it's not that far
away I'm sorry but your press conference is in a different
theater good lord
so they have one literally next door
to E3 but they don't have one up here
in Northern California
I don't understand why it's so
limited maybe they're paying for the space
I don't know what it is well they have to pay for
the theaters I guess they're
renting all these theaters I thought they just did it through
Fathom Events or one of those things that kind of already
I don't know I mean what do you
really get from this stuff like a free like
Avatar or some bullshit
what are we really getting I mean
I don't know just watch it on
TV there's several people in chat suggesting
that they put it in VR Kajuda
saying they need to put the Sony press conference in
VR cheap asses and as
Matt says they should actually do it in VR
Bobby Blackwolf talking about his
new basement home theater says
curiously there's no listing for my home theater
for this experience well Bobby do you really
want to have like 30 strangers showing
up at your house so maybe it's best that
you have a private viewing for
you and the misses and maybe any buddies
that you invite over to watch it
in your 4K of vision
which can you watch the press conference I know you
can watch Microsoft's thing in 4K because
Mixer does 4K but does
Twitch I
think actually there's a Sony event
viewer they have that I would
assume that works and I don't know if that does
4K well I don't
know yeah
they're losers oh Bobby says I only have
six seats in the theater well you
could that's you the misses and
and two other couples grab some floor
yeah yeah get some some
pillows or something like that lawn chairs
anyway
I'll be watching it on
my couch that's how I'll be watching
actually I like to do ironic things
and what I mean by that is that I will watch
the Sony press conference on my
Xbox and then I'll watch
the Microsoft press conference on my PlayStation
4 and there's usually ways to do this
so actually
no I kind of lied because the Microsoft one I'll
probably watch on my computer
because on my 4K monitor I could actually
watch it in 4K so that with
Mixer so that would be kind of nice so
we'll see Bobby Blackwell
says Twitch can do 4K most
just don't which makes sense because like
I don't have the bandwidth to stream
4K but Sony probably has
the bandwidth to stream 4K so they
might do it we'll see you may have the bandwidth
but you don't have the bandwidth cap for that
uh the Skype line is open if you'd like
to give us a call and talk about anything we've talked about tonight
or maybe something else you can give us a call at
Orange Lounge Radio all one word on
Skype while we uh continue to
debate uh Twitch and 4K and all that stuff
I was gonna say you know that Twitch app
that's on the PlayStation 4 it would be really nice
if that would fucking come out for Xbox One already
cause that Twitch app is so
dated on Xbox One now
like and also like
when did they stop doing communities
highlights on Twitch
that's my favorite part of
using Twitch on my desktop
is that you can actually look at communities
so I can look at say the small
streamer community or the LGBT community
or Twitch unity which is a big thing
they were pushing why can't I get that
on the phone app or the
Xbox One app and I forgot to look and see if it's in
the PlayStation 4 app cause the PlayStation 4
is currently in my studio
so I can hopefully uh do um
more streaming from it at some point
yeah SJ100Matt says
oh god that Twitch app on Xbox One sucks
it used to be the best one
like when it was first out because it was the only
one that would let you force the
source formatting and
it's how you would ensure that you get a high definition
feed coming to your TV
so anyway Orange Lounge Radio all
one word on Skype yeah
Hulk I think you're onto something
Xbox only likes Mixer now they hate Twitch
no updates for Twitch on Xbox One
I think that might be partially true
I mean obviously Microsoft is going to prefer Mixer
but I think they would be dumb
to just ignore that
Twitch is a thing
it's not Microsoft that's doing those updates
so it's Twitch that's making the updates
alright well we're gonna take a call
hi you're on Orange Lounge Radio who's this
hey uh it's Ragingator
hey Ragingator what's on your mind tonight
um
actually
when Dark Soccer did
the Classic Game of the Week
that gave me an idea
for my
call tonight
well as she's saying
indirectly she
mentioned college and all that
and that got me thinking back
to my college
days
not to get into too much detail
cause you wouldn't make a whole lot of sense
unless you're local but
I went to Erie Community College
North Campus
and
it's one of those multi-building
campuses and in the
student center they had
what they called the Coffee House
I think
to give you a little bit of an
analogy think
if you ever saw 90210 back in the day
think the Peach Pit
yeah
it's kind of like that stuff
or the Max
from Saved by the Bell
yeah that too
but
they served food there
and they also
had like
one of those
low
I forget what it's called
the hockey games with the handles on it
you slide the players around
hockey
yeah so a lot of us had these types of things in our town
so what do you want to know about it
yeah well I was going to say
those of you
in the
studio
and anyone in chat
those of you that went to
college did your
campuses have arcade machines
on
campus and did you play
them and which games
did you play in particular
and enjoy there did you call us
campus have arcades
of some sort and what did you play there
Dar Sacra well I talked about the
one at Solomon's that was right across from the campus
so University of South Alabama
at the time didn't have it but
across I mean they had
Mortal Kombat 2 they had
another Mortal Kombat 2 that was one of the early betas
they had NBA Jam
they had a couple of pins like
some of those mid 90's ones
not Adams Family
they had
Beta Theater of Magic they had a few
of the other ones
they had
just a bunch of fighting games really
and then of course I worked at an arcade
but yeah my college campus didn't really
have anything like that and then out here
when I was going to school
there was a DDR machine at Sac State
not at Sac State but at
American
American River College oh right
yeah and that
got gotten rid of really quick
I've been to other colleges
oh no South Alabama the other
thing we had we had the little arcade in my game room
where I worked so we had the World Cup
Soccer Pinball we had
Killer Instinct I don't know
why I didn't think about it because I fucking worked there
maybe I was trying to put it out of my head we had a
Cyber Slide we had
Dark Salkers
we had King of Fighters 94
they switched out for 95 we
had
Street Fighter Alpha
we had
Fatal Fury Special
all kinds of stuff
you know sadly I went to school
a couple hours north of here in a town called
Chico which is a little bit north of the Sacramento
area and I went to college there
and I don't really remember
there being I don't there wasn't an arcade on
campus I would have known about that there was a student union
but I don't remember there being any like video games
there like that and to be
honest I don't even remember like maybe
some of the bars would have an incidental pinball
machine here and there but not a lot of arcade games
so I was kind of robbed of all that I
remember there was a place called
Ray's that was a video
store so to kind of date it a little
bit and they had an arcade that was the place
you would go to like play arcade games
and pinball stuff but it was on like the other side of town
so we rarely got to go over
there and there was also Chuck E. Cheese which we
would you know that was before the kids really
took it over and you could still find
like regular arcade games there
so we would go there sometimes
but that was really you know I wasn't as big
of a gamer in my college years
because there was a lot of other stuff I was going through
but I also remember that
like in the dorms
the fact that I had a Super Nintendo
and Mario Kart was a huge deal
like the dudes were coming over to play Mario Kart
like all the time and so that was like
a big deal and then the guys upstairs
got a Nintendo 64
and you can imagine how that went then they got
Mario Kart and it was just like non-stop
you know and then myself
and my best friend in the dorms who lived
next door to me he was in the room next door
we would do dial-up
Duke and Nukem 3D matches
and the other guys would get into it like they would
they would walk over and see where I'm at
and then they'd go run over to his room and say okay
Rob's over in this part waiting for you or whatever
and they would do the same thing like they would like try to
try to ruin it all the time but we had a good time
doing that so that was that was fun
so that was what I remember with gaming in college
but I do remember also
before I went off to Chico
I did a few things at the community college
like one summer I think I did like a summer program
during my junior year or something like that
and I do remember that the
cafeteria there had a very small arcade
and the one that I would always play
Altered Beast
was the game that I loved to play
Rise from the Oak Wave
it totally looked like garbage
on the Genesis compared to the arcade version
but luckily you can play that arcade version now
on that Playstation 3 collection they did
yeah anyway
Loki I don't know
did you do any like
arcade gaming in college around your community
no
no not really I mean
no
I did a lot of arcade gaming when I was younger
yeah
we'd go to different arcades to play different games
cause we'd get to have like the
7-11 would have the Street Fighter
Street Fighter 2
and then there was a diner that had
Captain Commando and then there was a
Rico's Pizza that had a bunch of other games
oh yeah Rico's had
and there was a local movie theater that had
some more games so we just like kind of
ride between those and stuff and play different games
we spent a lot of money playing Captain Commando
a lot
but not so much when I was in college
cause college is, that was like
Golf Land
time oh that was right when we
we all kind of first met
that's true
there was many arcades
I just
got a quick question
now since I'm not
from California
is it safe to say that Golf Land is
basically your areas equivalent
to like Putt Putt Golf
or am I way off
I don't know Putt Putt Golf but I assume
you do yeah it's the same thing
I grew up in Alabama
so we had Putt Putt
with the big arcade in there you know we also had
a place called Mount Asia
that was actually like a multi level
Putt Putt
plus arcade
I mean that was where I played, what was that?
Trog
oh fuck yeah I do remember Trog
and then of course
here Dan would tell me about
the mine shaft all the time
I fucking love the mine shaft that place is the bomb
we drove by there on the way out today
it's like an abandoned RV place
but all the little buildings
and stuff and the underground is still there
all the structure is still there if somebody wanted to
buy it and turn it into a mini golf place again
I always refer to the movie
The Karate Kid I don't know if you've seen it
but there's a scene in the movie when they go on a date
and they go to like this big mini
golf place and there's arcade machines and stuff
and like I remember they're playing the
skeet shooting game and he jumps out like don't shoot
and she shoots him you know and all that stuff
so I figure like every
big city has a place like that
and so that's golf land for us
and what I'm assuming is putt putt golf for you guys
and all that stuff so
alright
well Rachael I'm gonna let you go see if we get any more calls
but thanks for the call buddy
bye bye you too
Orange Lounge Radio all one word on Skype
I'll keep it open just a couple more minutes but not too much
longer since we are past nine o'clock
and I do want to get to a live
stream here in a little bit without keeping
Bobby up too late he's a night owl
anyway but still do you have any
last minute stories you want to get to yes I do have
one well we see if any calls come in yeah so
guitar hero live the GHT
service is closing down in
December wow
okay that is December 1st
it'll be shutting down did this just come in
well uh yeah it was pretty
pretty decent so yeah
so the ability to purchase more hero coins
um ended a few days
I guess on June 1st
and it says the
iOS version of live
uh which is gone from the app store now
and they you know players will no
longer be able to use their banked hero cash
and extra items until or they'll be able to use
those until the service shuts down
so that's one thing you have to remember with all these
games that pushed them you know as being
live services like Call of Duty
Black Ops 3 or
4 you know
they eventually shut these live services
down when they become not popular anymore
that's true I kind of forgot
that that was a thing to be honest until you
said it shutting down I was like I've seen these
like they have guitar hero live
like you can get them for like 10
15 dollars now like the
stores but the ones I've seen have been like for
PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 and I'm like
I don't really want to buy and that's the version
with the guitar too by the way
yeah all right
well I don't see any other calls
coming in so I think we are going to go ahead and
wrap up for the night so I
am going to start to go around and get everybody's
final thoughts and
thank everybody for being here tonight
as I always say at the end of every show
if you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio
be sure to tell a friend or two about
the show help us spread the word because
we are the show where every gamer has a voice
but if the voices aren't here
to air then we can't
air them so again
a nice 5 star review on a site like iTunes
also goes an awful long way so if you just let us know
like where you heard this podcast from or whatever
then you know
help us out
leave a nice review
so I would thank Jason
for being here tonight but
he fell asleep and I tried
to tap him to wake him up he's not responding
so he's breathing so don't worry he's fine
I hear tiny little snoring
so I know he's okay but
got a feather? well keep in mind here's
the thing he was on the road
and he told me he's like I think
in the past 48 hours I've slept for like 5
so I'm not going to give him too
hard of a time or make fun of
the fact that our show is that boring
yeah I think he's just
I don't want his computer to fall either so if he stays
asleep I'll close that for him
but I will go ahead and thank
him for being here anyway even though he
fell asleep I tried to
wake him up
so I'll go around and give everybody else a final thought
DarkSocras do you have the mic? do you have a final thought tonight?
people need to not voice
their opinions when no one has
asked them for it like the guy
who looked completely homeless
living in his truck who said
that he thought that my fiat was garbage
I told him
well at least it serves a purpose unlike you
alright ouch
my final thought is
I
I'm going to miss my short
work week this week
with my 4 day work week was awesome
but it's back to 5 days I have a very busy work week
next week but
Pride will be next weekend it looks like I'll probably
end up going to that and then Chicago is just 3 weeks away
I'm excited for June
it'll be fun last but not least Loki your
final thought tonight my final
thought is I would like to work
on games some more
like actually working against
I'm trying to get an office
like a desk because it's hard to
work on a laptop just one screen
I need like 3 screens or 4 screens
probably 3 screens
trying to get a desk set up with 2 24 inch monitors
on there as well so
it'll help with coding and everything
alright well that's going to do it
for another week here at Orange Lounge Radio
next week will be a little bit of a crazy show
but I hope you'll join us anyway because it's going to be
live right in the midst of E3
Gamer Christmas it starts
next week and we'll see you here to be a part of it
live at Orange Lounge Radio and the Voice
Geeks Network have a great week everybody and
don't be jerks online
to people stop it
you've been listening to
Orange Lounge Radio
Orange Lounge Radio is a production
of OLR Studios
to join us for a live show
tune in to vognetwork.com
Sunday nights at 6 PM
Pacific, 9 PM
Eastern the views and opinions
expressed in this program do not
necessarily reflect those of the
staff of Orange Lounge Radio
or VOG Network but you know
they were all still true
see you next week
you
