This week, spice your morning bread up with the Sonic the Hedgehog imprint for the low
cost of 35 rings, and yes dear listeners, that is an accurate statement, $35 coin rings.
This is just one consumerism-tastic story, happy 16th anniversary to the show where every
gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It's Orange Lounge Radio with this, episode number 735 for this June the 17th of 2018.
I'm laughing because I usually listen to Jason's intro, but I didn't listen to the whole thing,
so I didn't catch that Gotta Toast Fast till just now.
Anyway, we're full of surprises tonight, on our 16th anniversary show, my name Rob Roberts
here in studio with you, based out of lovely Sacramento, California, and by my side, as
she has been for the last 16 years, we kind of made a child together in a non-awkward
way.
It's DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
I feel very awkward actually.
How are you?
A little tired because of the food-stravaganza today.
Well, I was going to say, something that's less awkward than having a baby together is
the fact that we had brunch together, and the fact that I literally had cake for breakfast
at this place.
You did.
It was pretty amazing.
We went to this trendy place downtown, this new place called Punch Bowl Social, which
I have no idea where that name comes from.
Well, I keep wanting to say Punch Drunk Social because of that movie, but it's Punch Bowl
Social, and I guess they have these in other towns, but Sacramento has one now, and it's
kind of like Dave & Buster's.
But not as cool.
But not yet.
Well, because the arcade isn't nearly as big.
The bowling alley in the middle of the thing is way too loud.
Yeah.
The bowling alley, they have all these other weird shuffleboard, like, ew, come on down
to play shuffleboard.
Like, who plays shuffleboard?
Who knows?
But anyway, so we went there.
It's from another time, Rob.
But I had this, it was called Monkey Bread French Toast.
It looked like a big slice of cake.
It was a big slice of cake, and I was like, it was amazing, though.
Don't get me wrong.
It was pretty good.
On the outside, it was kind of crunchy-ish, and then the inside was bread pudding, really
nice soft bread pudding, which Rob was kind enough to let me sample both parts, the outside
and a little bite on the end, but I just had an impossible burger that I ate a third
of.
It wouldn't be an episode of OLR if we didn't deviate to talk about food, right?
Because food is amazing.
And then we went to the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Company, but we were like, oh, oh, oh, chocolate.
That's the best time to go shopping for candy, is when you're already full.
Although I did buy candy somewhere else.
I know, I know.
Candy is irresistible.
What can we do?
Anyway, let's move on and talk over to Techmaster Loki.
Hi, Loki.
How are you?
Doing good.
Good.
What's on your mind?
Not much.
My mouth's on fire.
Yeah, because you're also eating all this food talk.
Salsa.
Yes.
Yes.
Happy 16th.
You also, I mean, I don't know how you parent with three parents.
Well, I mean, I guess I shouldn't say that.
That's totally, in 2018, you have all sorts of different households, and some households
have three parents, but this is a three-parent household with OLR.
So I mean, this show existed long before your kids were born, your actual kids.
So kind of crazy.
It's true.
Yeah.
But OLR is your favorite child, right?
Yes.
Yes.
Okay.
Just getting that clear.
Just getting that clear.
And of course, we wouldn't be able to do it without you guys in our chat room over at
live.vognetwork.com, because we do tape live at the Voice of Geeks Network, as seen on Variety
this week.
I don't know if y'all heard about the Bobby Black Wolf doing the Billy Mitchell panel
thing, but that was covered by Variety this week.
So check that out.
So hello to anybody who may have heard of VOG thanks to Variety and the involvement
with that.
All zero of you.
You never know.
You never know.
Anyway, we do tape live, of course, at the Voice of Geeks Network every Sunday night
at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after world famous moderator, Bobby
Black Wolf and his show, The Bobby Black Wolf Show.
As we, I mean, God, we, Bobby and our show have gone together, not all 16 years, but
at least, at least 10.
Probably I don't remember the actual date.
Bobby probably remembers it better than I do, but let's see.
Live 365 as a network was about three years.
And then I think maybe four years we were on all games, but we were syndicated on all
games before our show moved there.
He said 2006.
It was 2006.
So it was 12 years.
All right.
It was when we joined.
So it was 12 years.
I knew he'd know.
For me, you get to a certain point where everything just kind of blends together.
That's for sure.
Well, also joining us in studio tonight, we have a special guest and somebody who's been
here since really the very beginning and was with us those nights at Roseville Golf Land
playing DDR.
And here he is 16 years later.
Say hello, everybody, to Bradley or Arcadian42.
Hello.
Happy anniversary.
Thank you.
I know I broke tradition a little bit by not playing that Para Para song at the beginning,
but I couldn't because, you know, anniversary from Para Para.
Usually we have to open up the show with that.
There's only so many years you can do that.
There's only so many years I can tolerate that song.
No, maybe I'll do it on break, but I wanted to mix it up a little bit for those that are
on the podcast feed.
I did Shut Up and Drive by Rihanna, which we usually don't play like, you know, major
label music before the show.
But it's our birthday.
We're gonna do something different.
And as Jamie pointed out, that song was the big Wreck-It Ralph song.
Remember, they had the was it Wreck-It Ralph 2?
No, it was the first one.
Yeah.
We're going on the track.
I was throwing up the peace sign.
Oh, I thought you were saying Wreck-It Ralph 2.
When you said my name, I was like, yo, V.
I thought you were saying Wreck-It Ralph 2.
And I was like, no, it was the first one, silly.
Anyway, it's not about you.
It's about Arcadian42.
But he's used to these tangents by now.
How have you been, my friend?
I've been OK.
Yeah?
Do you still play music games anymore?
Sometimes.
Yeah?
What kind of music games do you still kind of get?
I rez sometimes.
It's been a while.
I rez like that.
Yeah.
Last one.
And it's been a while, like four years since I played like any rock band.
Like probably the last thing, the actual music game would have been like retrograde, which
you can use a guitar with.
Oh, right, right.
And I was going to say, with the whole rock band, I feel like with four, you know, they
kind of recovered when they did the behind the music parody thing a year later.
But it feels like a lot less people were really into that.
And sadly, I really think those plastic guitar games are kind of dead now.
I feel like music games now are showing up in VR.
You know, when we were at this restaurant, I was mentioning earlier, they do VR, too.
You can like rent a VR station for 30 minutes or an hour.
So we were walking by and somebody was playing Audio Shield, which I was like, oh, I've played
that.
Bobby Block will show me that.
I know that game.
Like, I don't remember a lot, but I remember that game.
And then so that game is really popular on VR, I think.
And then Beat Saber.
I don't know if you've seen that one.
That one's incredible.
And that's all today.
But yeah, I haven't done it in the last actually the last game I played that was a music game
was Dumper.
Oh, yeah.
Like six months ago, though.
That's a really good time.
It's really hard, though.
It is.
I have a hard time getting past like the second world.
It's really the turns, because those timing on the turns are really hard.
And some of the other stuff is kind of weird, too.
You don't have a lot of reaction time in those games.
That's for sure.
And another newer music game that we've been talking about here on the show, you might
be into this, the Just Shapes and Beats.
I don't know if you've seen that.
It's kind of like Bullet Hell meets music game.
It's pretty cool.
Check that out if you get a chance at some point.
I don't know if you've been watching the E3 stuff, but since you liked Rez, did you
see the Tetris Effect?
I saw the trailer.
I have not watched zero E3 stuff.
I watched the Game Boy for it.
They said that's the first song in the game in the trailer.
Oh, the one that's in the trailer?
Yeah.
Well, it's probably the big signature song, just like, you know, the original Luminous
game, which that is another music game that's coming back because the remaster comes out
like in two weeks comes out on my birthday.
So but like, you know, Shinin was the big song from Luminous.
I think everybody knows that first stage in Rez, you know, what's the name of the Mexican
Flyer?
Is that the name of it?
From Space Channel 5?
Yeah, but it was older than Space Channel 5, of course.
I know, but that...
Mexican Flyer, yeah.
Right.
But that's, you can't think of Space Channel 5 and not think of that song.
So I think this is like, I think this is kind of like a trade of Mizuguchi's.
He tends to kind of put these big songs as the first stage in a lot of his stuff.
And so we're going to have that song that was in the trailer, the little trance vocal
thing, will be the first song in Tetris Effect.
So yeah, but the trailer was really cool.
Yeah.
I remember like one person I saw on the forums saying it was like the most pretentious trailer
that they've ever seen.
Really?
I don't know about that.
It was just, when I watched it, I made it maybe laugh a bunch.
Then I must be pretentious because I ate that trailer up.
That's just a matter of fact, for sure.
It's pretty cool though.
All right.
Anyway, let's see.
Rama's pointing out that more music games are coming to mobile phones.
That's true.
You had a decent selection of mobile phones.
I like Neon FM and the whole like the synergy between the arcade and the mobile version
of that.
It's pretty fun.
What was I going to ask?
Oh, you said, Bradley, you're not really watching a whole lot of the E3 stuff.
I assume that's because you tend to play more like classic games, pinball.
Do you get excited about any of the new stuff anymore?
It's just, I don't have any of the new consoles.
Last console was Xbox 360.
I haven't gotten the PS4 or the Switch or the X-Tone.
Have you thought about investing in one of them?
I might get a Switch.
It's just, I might want to play the Zelda, but there's like a bunch of Zeldas I haven't
played.
Gotcha.
I haven't played like a, whatever, I can't remember the name.
Skyward Sword and Twilight Princess and the Wii ones.
I haven't played those.
I haven't even played the Moon one, whatever that one is, the 3A one.
Oh God, Majora's Mask?
Going that far back?
Yeah.
That's okay.
You know what?
I barely touched Majora's Mask either.
You don't need to know the old Zelda games because they're all in different timelines
anyway.
Pretty much.
Just jump into the new one.
The new one's kind of, the new one doesn't really play like the old ones either.
That's another important thing about it.
The new one was very much influenced by open world things like Skyrim.
No, it doesn't play like Skyrim, but I think they kind of took that like hint of just instead
of like in the old school Zeldas, it was like, you have to go to level one and level two
and level three.
But then they kind of saw that like in speed running and so forth, people really like to
break that pattern.
People like to run through the game without a sword.
People like to do all these crazy things to it.
So I think Nintendo sort of, and the developers of that game sort of thought, what if the
game was just about do what you want?
You know, like maybe you don't have to get handheld to all these different things.
It's very open.
And in a way it's kind of jarring at first because you're like, where's my hand holding?
And the game kind of doesn't really give you much.
And not to be too spoilery, but it's been out for a year now.
The game starts you off in this little like area and I say little, but it feels really
big.
And so you go through like the tutorial in this area and you go to these different dungeons
and you're like, wow, this is a really like big area and so forth.
And then you find out you're on one tiny little like island in like this gigantic fucking
world map.
And it's like the world opens up and you're like, oh, this world is like really big.
So it's kind of neat the way they do it.
I really liked it.
Yeah.
Of course.
The big thing is just backlog.
I have so many games.
I never played like everything.
Everyone else, millions of steam games and yeah.
And she said like half of the games that are on my 3ds I haven't played yet.
So Bobby Blackwell is asking, what does he play today?
But I think, I think there's a lot of gamers like you out there.
Not everybody necessarily has that financial luxury or whatever the reason is to just jump
into the new generation until you know, a long time after the consoles have been out
and they come down to like $200.
I think there's a lot of gamers in your position.
So what, what do you play right now?
Okay.
Right now I play mostly stuff on steam and 3ds generally.
The games I'm playing now are, so you're the reason they won't kill off the 3ds.
Maybe when I'm playing 3ds is I play like the Pokemon shuffle.
I play that game all the time for no good reason.
It's a time killer.
Yeah.
The big one I've been playing the last two, by about two months is a game called Slay
the Spire, which is on the, it's on steam.
It's, it's still in early access, but it's pretty much complete.
They're just kind of tweaking various aspects of the actual, like maybe the card cause it's
a rogue-like deck builder game and you basically, you fight a group of enemies on each level
and at the end of the level you get like an, you can get another card or you might get
some, some other benefit and then you pick and choose kind of which way you go and you
kind of try to build towards beating the bosses because there's like three sort of like statements,
three, three areas and there's a boss at the end of it and you kind of, kind of got to
build your deck so that you can actually win and not, and not, and not die of course.
And there's, you have to kind of make different risks and rewards too.
So it's like one of those like PvE, like, like I've played, I played a tabletop game
like that was Sentinels of the Multiverse.
Is that the name of it?
But there's like, there's a, there's a card game where you actually like, you play with
other people and you're actually, you're not fighting each other.
You're fighting like a different card boss in the middle that you're all kind of ganging
up on.
And it's like a deck building type of game.
Yeah.
Well, this is just a single player, but okay.
But I get it.
I get it.
All right, cool.
Yeah.
All right.
It's pretty fun.
As far as other stuff, we'll wait till our gaming weeks to get into other stuff, but
I do want to talk about other E3 going on because, you know, not only is it our 16th birthday
tonight, which by the way, I do need to, you know, even though we kind of stopped doing
big things for anniversary shows a long time ago, I do just want to say, you know, a big
thank you to everybody who's stuck with us.
You know, whether it be for 16 years, Bradley, or whether it be for 16 minutes, you know,
just a big thanks for the support that you guys give to OLR.
I know we're not the biggest gaming podcast out there by far by a lot.
We're not the biggest.
We're the best.
We're just the best.
No, we're best in the way that we can be best.
Just like other shows are the best in the way that they can be best.
We're 16.
We are teenagers with emotional issues and overconfidence.
Nothing can defeat us.
So you're being a stupid spoiled brat.
We're Wolverine.
We're the best we are at what we do.
Well, I try to still be humble whether I'm in my crazy 16 teenage years or not.
But, you know, we obviously wouldn't be here if you guys didn't give us the motivation
to be here by showing up, you know, and the fact that we weren't bored.
Whether you're not whether you're showing up in chat live on Sunday night or you're
showing up on the podcast feed and tweeting at us or I actually made a Facebook post today.
I'm trying because the last time I made a Facebook post, I did a Facebook post with
a bonus episode and somebody was like, oh, you're back on Facebook.
You remembered Facebook.
And I like, all right, guilt me.
Why don't you?
So I was like, all right, I need to remember that Facebook is the thing.
I think Google Plus, I can let that go.
But Facebook, I got to I got to try and interact with that more.
So I made a Facebook post today and you guys left some really sweet comments.
And they were like names I don't see in the email bag or in chat and stuff.
So I was like, oh, shit, there's more people out there than I realize sometimes.
So thank you so much.
I actually forgot to put the thing on my on my personal quote fan page.
But I while I may make the joke, yeah, we do this because we're bored.
But in a nutshell, I wouldn't know what to do with my Sunday.
I rearrange my work schedule when I can for you guys.
I miss out on sleep for you guys.
I mean, not that it's a major thing.
I would do it.
But I was posting that there's two things, two activities that I do that give me life.
And I'm meaning this in the not in the give me life kind of way, but in the squad,
but in the way that makes me feel like parts of my life are great.
And that's what I should be doing.
And number one is the show.
Number two is being a novice sister of perpetual indulgence.
So those are two big things.
One of them is the what we do for you guys on the show.
And the other one is what I do for the LGBTQ, et cetera, community.
So those are two big things to me.
And if I wasn't doing this, I would feel like part of my heart was missing.
So now you made me all sappy.
I almost want to hug you.
Almost.
I will after the show.
No, I when you say like, what else would I do with Sunday night?
Like, that's totally how I feel.
Like, we're not going to be here next week because I'm going to be on vacation.
OK, that's the best present we can give ourselves for being on the air a year is to take a week off.
That and I make Rob bring me stuff.
But I'm going to Chicago to hang with some friends I have out there.
And as you all I've said on the show before, I'm turning 40 this month.
So it's kind of like and my husband is turning 40 like two weeks after I do.
So this is kind of like our big birthday trip, too.
So I'm heading Rob on the head from a distance.
This is one of those things where it's like, well, I know I'm fine with turning 40.
I really am.
Like, I know there's so many people out there that like, wow, 40 is like old.
But like, honestly, my 30s were better than my 20s.
Why won't my 40s be even better than my 30s?
That's my outlook.
Well, this is the thing, too, is that people say, oh, you don't look 40.
What is 40 fucking look like?
Am I supposed to be like middle aged man from Saturday Night Live?
No, you're not going to have a bad comb over and wear, you know,
polo shirts with your pants pulled up to your boot.
I might, though, you know.
But I'm saying, you know, 40, especially since people are living longer and taking
better care of themselves, 40 isn't middle age anymore.
I know so many people that are like having kids at 40.
You know, that ain't going to be me.
If that's what they choose to do, everybody does.
But, you know, like I remember when like people would have.
Well, I would because the generation I was born out of, people were having kids at 21,
22, and people still do that.
People still do it.
But I was there's a lot more that are like my mom was 17.
It was the 70s.
They had drugs.
And it's it's and it's well documented on MTV shows that that still happens.
But I'm just saying more and more people are like waiting.
You know what I mean?
Anyway, not to get Dungeon Buster says level 40 unlocks new perks and skill trees.
That is true.
It really is.
So anyway, what was I going to say?
I was saying something about going to Chicago.
So no, but Sunday night I'm going to be sitting there and the clock's going to hit six o'clock
and I'm going to be like, I should be doing well right now.
And I do I do I do this when I'm at fucking Dragon Con where I'm like out there promoting
Vogue and like kind of doing something very adjacent to this here.
I'll sit there and go.
And if Bobby happens to be in the same room, I'll be like, Bobby, I should be listening
to your show right now.
You should be calling me right now.
We should be doing it.
And, you know, I think one year we even did a pretend live call in the same room.
But, you know, that's a podcast.
I was sitting in a Jewish deli in West Hollywood looking at my kugel going, I'm supposed to
be doing all right now.
Oh, shit.
My phone's dead.
Looks like I'm going to the Apple store.
All right.
Anyway, Loki, I don't know if you have any any words you want to say about it before
we get into E3.
Nope.
OK.
He's a man of many words.
Well, Loki, he's a man of a single taco.
You know, you you know this.
Originally, the plan was Jamie and I were going to start a show and you kind of showed
up and you you stayed there.
You showed up every single week for many, many, many weeks.
And it really got to a point and it is at a point where it's like, I could never imagine
not having this show without you on it.
You know what I mean?
And like your rants, which people don't always agree with.
But I think people you know, it's it's you provide a different perspective here on the
show.
I think it's really brought something to the table.
So, you know, I can't imagine or without you on it is basically what I'm saying.
I can't imagine it without me either.
I don't know if we would have made it this long without you.
So who knows?
Just like we would have made it this long without her.
So anyway, let's get into and if I may say so, you guys have been with me through some
pretty big shit in my life through, you know, losing both of my grandmother's, my mom losing
her husband, my my wedding, you know, lots of like really crazy life.
It's kind of like how people use, you know, the Bible, I guess the B.C. or B.C.E. and
then C.E. or whatever.
Sure.
And for me, I kind of think of things in terms of aspects of my life.
Like I have my pre California, my post California, but I have my pre O.L.R., my post O.L.R.
because O.L.R. has been the majority of my life here in California.
And I think every major important thing that's happened to me in my life has been while doing
this show, I'm not like on the show, of course, you know, but major important things.
And even doing the show when I was probably at my lowest has always been a high point
for me.
So I hear that a thousand percent, because honestly, like last year and you guys know
this, especially last year, like you guys have been through some shit like when I was
really sick, when I was twenty nine, I was like really sick.
You know, the show was there and you guys were sending your well wishes.
But like honestly, and this is not a secret.
You all know this last year was like the worst year for me.
And I was not in a really good place with my mental health for several months.
And I'm hoping that didn't really come through on the show.
I mean, I'm sure you guys could probably figure it out with, you know, how many shows we were
kind of missing just everything that was going on and stuff.
But like, I have not had a worst year personally than last year.
And this show kind of like gave me a reason to get out of bed.
Like it's that big, you know, is just that whole like feeling of, but I got to do this
thing because I always do this thing and I'm not going to end it over this.
You know, it's why, like, even when I'm, you know, dirt sick and physically can't make
it to the show, I get on that Skype call to do my classic game or do what I can, you know,
unless I'm just completely out of town, you know.
Right.
But I mean, the show has seen both of us through health scares.
Absolutely.
And I know Loki had a lot of personal issues, too, with the show during the show.
So it's not just us.
Yeah, well, I meant all of us.
We've all that's life.
Let's throw shit at you.
All you can do is throw shit back like you're a orangutan.
And take it out on some video games.
I do have to give a shout out because I just noticed in chat this doesn't happen very often.
But the one and only DJ Morpheus joined chat, who you might know as Travis Donovan.
And I'm hoping he's here because he bought us a car for our 16th.
Did Pod Daddy get us a car?
He got us a Hot Wheel.
For the podcasters that don't know.
No, not a Hot Wheel.
For the podcast listeners that don't know, Travis Donovan did Understation Live,
which Jamie and I were both.
I was a host.
You were like the most frequent guest before we had OLR.
So, you know, I can say Travis-
I've even been a temporary host.
I've even said this on DragonCon panels, whether Travis-
He just flipped you off, by the way.
Whether Travis realizes it or not.
Travis Donovan showed me that any idiot can do this.
But he didn't get us a Hot Wheel.
He got us one of those overstocked fake diecast knockoffs from 99 Cent Store.
But it takes a special idiot to do it well.
That comes off so shady.
It's not supposed to be shady.
Travis knows.
Travis knows I love him and that's what-
As God as my witness, I am that fool.
All right.
Anyway, let's get into-
We got a lot of E3 news to get into.
It feels like E3 was like six weeks ago at this point.
Like a week moves fast.
But so we did our show last week.
We were talking about Microsoft.
Bethesda happened during the show.
We got to wrap that up.
But then we got to Monday, which brought us Sony, Ubisoft.
So, Loki, if you would kind of recap some of the highlights of these press conferences
and we'll talk about each one.
Okay.
So honestly, in my opinion, there wasn't a whole lot that happened.
I mean, it was kind of a disappointment a little bit,
but we'll get into that a little bit.
So let's talk about the first one that was of the day, Square Enix.
Which, they basically showed the same shit that was in the other Xbox conference and whatnot.
So they had trailers for Shadow of the Tomb Raider, Final Fantasy XIV.
They talked about the new expansion.
And there's going to be this Monster Hunter Worlds
Final Fantasy XIV crossover thing happening this summer.
They showed off the trailer again for Awesome Adventures of the Captain's Spirit.
Dragon Quest XI, Babylon's Fall, Nier Automata, Become as Gods,
which is the Xbox One definitive edition.
Octopath Traveler, they showed off another trailer for Just Cause 4.
A game called The Quiet Man, and of course, Kingdom Hearts III,
which they also reiterated again that the release date is going to be January 29th, 2019.
To bring back to your point, as you mentioned earlier before the show,
that's probably not supposed to come out before the show.
Yeah, I feel like Square Enix's show didn't really show us a whole lot.
And maybe that Kingdom Hearts release date was supposed to be the big announcement.
But then I think it was announced at a symphony in Japan or something, right?
That's where they first announced it.
And I think somebody didn't really figure out that once you say something
at a show like that, it will be all over the internet instantly.
So I'm not so sure that they were supposed to announce it a couple days early.
I don't think it's a big deal at the end of the day,
but I do feel like that was supposed to be the big thing.
And yes, some of you are like, but wait, they showed that trailer at Microsoft saying
they could have cut it short.
You know, they could have just cut off the end.
It would have been just as impactful.
But anyway, like Square Enix really just kind of showed us like a lot of, yes, we know.
I think it's more interesting with Square Enix didn't show.
Fam has seven remake still, still not around, not there, but okay.
They, you know, we probably kind of figured that we would get Kingdom Hearts three
or the seven remake, but not both.
So they're focusing on the Kingdom Hearts remake seven or Jesus Christ,
the Kingdom Hearts three, the seven remake will be next year probably.
And no Avengers, no Project Avengers.
That was very surprising.
No Final Fantasy anything except like a patch in 14, which, you know, I'm a 14 player.
I'm all about patches, but let's be real.
That's not really big Final Fantasy news.
Nothing about continuing adventures in 15, which I'm actually more than okay with.
Nothing on 16.
I thought this would be the year to say, yes, we're going to make Final Fantasy 16 and leave
it at that.
I think it's too early for that.
They're working on too much stuff.
All right, maybe next year.
I don't know.
Bobby does say the Final Fantasy 14 cross monster hunter thing.
Okay, cool.
But it's like, it's an event and not really like a whole, it's not even really DLC.
It's probably going to be in 14.
If you remember 14, Bobby, it's probably just going to be a bunch of fates.
And that's it.
I'm going to skip the limited run games press conference because these are basically all
games that have been out that are just getting physical releases.
So there's not a whole lot of news there.
I mean, unless you're a collector and that sort of thing.
Ubisoft, they showed off, of course, predictably, Just Dance 2019.
They showed off a new trailer for Beyond Good and Evil 2, which looks interesting.
They showed Jade.
And then there's this new thing that this kind of pissed off a lot of people.
This whole space monkey program, where basically they're teaming up with Hit Record,
Joseph Gordon Levitch company to crowdsource assets for the game.
So whether that be artwork modeling, you know, like 3D models,
music, level design, whatever you're supposed to be contributing to or you can contribute to that,
which is weird because that makes it seem like that game is really far off then.
And the concern was, well, people are getting they they want free artists basically.
They're paying them apparently, but I don't know how well they're paying them.
They claim they're paying them.
So that was kind of controversial.
Rainbow Six Siege, they talked a little bit about that.
They showed off a new trials game, Trials Rising,
which is going to be coming out on Xbox One, PlayStation 4, PC and Switch in February.
The Division 2, they showed off a little bit of that.
They talked about the Mario and Rabbids Kingdom Battle DLC,
which is coming out later this month.
Skull and Bones, they showed a new trailer for that.
It's coming out sometime in 2019.
A game called Transference, which is a game by Elijah Wood.
I mean, it's nice to know what Elijah Wood's doing these days.
Yeah, yeah.
There's a game that they showed off called Starlink Battle for Atlas,
which is kind of like a space shooter.
Think of like a twice to life version of Star Fox, No Man's Sky.
Yes.
And they also are including Star Fox in the game as well.
So you can like swap out parts of your ship in real time.
And I don't know, I'm just, I'm a little done with the Toys of Life stuff, honestly.
Yeah, I kind of thought we were past that too, but apparently, yeah.
Ubisoft doesn't like to take really strange risks.
I mean, remember they had that one year with laser tag vests and their, you know, health.
Oh God, I remember that year.
Yeah, yeah.
Now I was like, whoa, laser tag, I'm all down with that.
Uh, SGA 100 Matt in our chat at live.vognetware.com says,
I think Starlink is the closest thing we'll get to a Star Fox game for a while.
Um, possible.
It definitely was not at Nintendo's.
Well, Nintendo mentioned Starlink.
We just got a Star Fox game, what, last year?
I guess, but, or the Wii U one?
Yeah.
That was like two years ago, I think.
Because Switch was last year.
Well, they quit your whining.
Where's our F-Zero game?
Where's our racing game that, you know, is Toys Life stuff, you know?
The fuck?
You guys are complaining.
Oh, where's my Star Fox game?
I have it.
It's been two whole years.
Oh, wine.
Um, anyways, so for Honor, um, they showed off some new stuff that they have for that.
They have a new, um, I guess expansion for marching fires that has four new, new fighters.
Um, they also have this new castle siege mode.
Plus they gave out the game for free on Uplay.
I think that offers over though.
Um, the crew too, they showed that in the open betas starting this week.
And then Assassin's Creed Odyssey is of course, they finished with that and that's coming
out in October.
Which looked really interesting for an Assassin's Creed game, which I don't usually get into
those games.
Like I'm not trying to shade Assassin's Creed.
It's just, I don't have time to play everything, but I like the fact that they're giving all
these like branching story choices and stuff.
It looked like Mass Effect in a way.
I was like, oh, there's my new Mass Effect game, sorta, sorta.
And obviously, you know, the team took their lashes a few years ago with the whole, it's
too hard to render a woman and the things that they paid for with that.
Uh, so now right off the bat, they're like, you want to play as him or you want to play
as her.
And then as part of the story, it's like, you can just, it's, it's grease people.
You can romance anyone.
So kind of, kind of neat to see that direction that Ubisoft's going.
I'm, I'm curious about some of the like narrative stuff.
I'm not just fixated on the romance.
I like the fact that the story is kind of taking on that branching stuff.
I, I will be looking more into this and I don't usually get into Assassin's Creed games.
Um, no, then we'll get to the Sony conference.
So Sony didn't show off a whole lot of stuff.
They showed off some extended looks at different games.
So they started off with The Last of Us 2 after wasting a bunch of fucking time playing
music.
And then, um, you know, after that they talked about, they're supposed to be a new, um, like
I got a word, new game plus.
I just want to say real quick, that musician, as I understand it, is a really respected
musician for that instrument that he plays.
But that kind of, the unfortunate is that kind of stuff is I think really just lost
on an E3 audience.
It just is like, like I get what they're trying to do, but like you've got a finite amount
of time here to show off stuff and you're wasting how much of it of not only that, like
it's the exact same criticism we gave to Bethesda last week with their music.
And don't get me wrong, that's fine.
But then on top of it, they're like, oh, and we're moving venues.
Let's take 10 minutes to do that.
It's like, why, why were you doing that?
Yeah, I heard at the show there, it was, it was pretty messy.
Like people were like, why are we just standing in the back of this barn?
Like, are we going to have to stand here for two hours?
Like, heck no type of thing.
And then like, it was just, it sounded like it was really weird, but anyway, I'll let
you finish it.
I've got, I got some opinions on what Sony did, but I'll let you finish.
Then they show Call of Duty Black Ops 4.
All they do is talk about map packs.
So they've got this like thing.
If you preorder, you get some older maps and stuff.
Black Ops 3, though, is available for PlayStation Plus users.
So that's cool.
So I got in on that because I didn't have it yet.
And then they showed off or they talked while they were transitioning stages or whatever.
They are showing off some of the announcements that they did.
So they showed off the Tetris Effect, Days Gone, Twin Mirror, Ghost Giant and Beat Saber.
They should not have announced them on Twitter earlier in the week if they were going to
announce them during the show.
All they were doing is like, yeah, they took the wind out of their own sails.
So that move.
Yeah.
In my opinion, they showed off Destiny 2 Forsaken.
That's coming out September 4th.
The next big thing that they showed was Ghosts of Shusima.
And of course, with that, they also had a musical intro with that.
Gameplay looks fucking gorgeous, though.
So that's pretty awesome.
A game called Control.
That's going to be like it looks like Quantum Break.
That's coming out in 2019.
Resident Evil 2 is getting a full remake and that's coming out January 25th.
Trover saves the universe, which is the new Justin Roland game.
The greatest of Rick and Morty.
So that's going to be coming out soon, hopefully.
They showed off more Kingdom Hearts 3.
They talked about like the Pirates of the Caribbean thing.
And plus, there's a limited edition PS4 Pro
that's coming out with all of the Kingdom Hearts games.
Then they showed gameplay of Death Stranding.
And I still have no fucking clue what that game is about yet.
I mean, but it's neat, I guess.
No Man Stranding.
I have no idea what it's about, but it's a game.
Neo 2, they showed off more Spider-Man.
And then a game called The Scene, which is from From Software.
And it's a PlayStation VR game.
I don't even remember that.
But I think they showed that at the end.
That was like after that, because it was really ambiguous when their thing ended.
Because it was very clear they were trying to get people to stay
to watch more of their little like blended kind of like pre-show post-show thing
that they also kind of had in the middle of that while they were changing venues and so forth.
So it was really kind of weird when it ended.
But OK, here's the thing with Sony.
Like, I think Sony took a big risk with the way that they did their thing this year.
They warned us it was going to be different.
So I'm going to give them that.
They warned us.
They said, don't expect bombshell announcements this year.
We're going to focus on these four games.
They told us what games.
They set us up and they took a risk with this whole venue thing and the moving and all that
stuff.
So I applaud Sony for taking the risk.
That said, it was a miss for me.
Totally.
Like it didn't work.
It was a risk that failed.
I hope Sony learns that and kind of goes back to honestly, the type of press conference
that Microsoft kind of excelled in this year.
I don't like to grade.
I don't like to say one E3.
I like to look for positives and constructive criticism to everybody.
But the reality is the criticism I have for Sony this year is that Microsoft kind of was
more effective at your game.
Here's my issue, though.
Like, let's let's just talk about the games that they showed, though.
The first party games.
What's coming out this year?
None of their games are coming out this year.
The Spider-Man.
Spider-Man was okay.
Fine.
Spider-Man is coming out this year.
Yep.
But that's it.
I mean, that's September.
I mean, like, I don't disagree with you.
It's like Sony was kind of especially when we get into some of the things later in the
show.
And if you all been watching gaming news, you know what's coming.
Sony is sitting up on this throne right now, and they kind of feel like being up on this
throne.
They can do some stuff.
But you know what?
Microsoft making a lot of improvements.
I think things are going to really turn around for them when we get to at least to the next
realm of consoles.
The Switch, both Sony and Microsoft have kind of dismissed Nintendo as true competition
for a long time because they are kind of everybody's second place console.
But I think what Sony is allowing to happen by not really highlighting a lot of what's
happening this year.
And Microsoft gets some of this criticism, too, is that when it comes to the holiday
and systems that people are going to buy, I think the Switch is going to start to look
more and more attractive.
You just heard our guest Bradley say that he was thinking about getting a Switch if
he's going to jump into this new generation of consoles.
And I think that might be where a lot of people's minds are at.
So that was another reason I think Sony's conference was a miss for me.
And honestly, I'm going to be very real, and this is not going to be a popular opinion.
I'm sorry.
You're just going to have to deal with this particular gamer's opinion because it's the
show where every gamer has a voice.
I understand a lot of you are very excited about Last of Us 2 and the Samurai game.
And you'll notice I don't even remember the name of the Samurai game and these other games.
I don't really like...
I was like, that Samurai game is gorgeous.
It's pretty.
And then while I was watching, I was like, it's really not for me.
The Last of Us 2, I give Sony huge props, huge praise.
The fact that here we are in the year 2018 and a major game company, major game publisher
opens their press conference, essentially, with a well-executed, not a stunt, but a well-executed
same-sex kiss.
Like, Sony gets massive props from me from that.
I will give them that.
Sony fucking rocked that with the representation and everything.
But I have to say, honestly, as much as I really want to support that game, then it
got into what the game actually is.
And it was that whole scene with the disemboweling and all that stuff.
I was like, this is nasty.
I don't want to play an uber violent game like that.
That's just not the type of stuff I'm into really so much.
You know, when it's cartoony, it's fine.
I don't like Mortal Kombat.
The old Mortal Kombat games was cartoon shit like that.
It's fine.
But when it's like, when it's that, like, I was like, that's a little too real for me.
And y'all know I hate those Saw movies and stuff.
And so, like, I was watching all that going, this is like, am I turning into my mom?
I'm saying this is, this is gross.
I never played the first, I mean, I never played the first Last of Us.
And I'm just, it doesn't look interesting to me.
I'm not really into a huge amount of this, like, stealth action games.
I mean, it looks like a gorgeous game.
I'm sure it's great.
Not a game I want to pick up, though.
Yeah.
And same with, like, Spider-Man looks all right, but I never really pick up Spider-Man
games.
Me neither.
And so, like, I'm right there with you.
I'm like, wow, if I played these games, I'd play that.
But I just don't have enough time.
Exactly.
Or like, even like the Ghost of Shazima, I'm like, that looks fucking hard.
Well, not a game I probably can pick up.
Here's the, I think, you know what this is leading to?
I think in some ways, Sony showed very strong diversity with what I just mentioned.
But ironically, they didn't show good diversity with the games they were showing at the show.
And I think that was their biggest weakness.
That's the whole problem with most of the entertainment industry anyway, is tokenism.
Well, I'm not even talking about the LGBT representation, all that stuff.
I'm talking about just the games were all cut from a similar cloth to me.
That's what I'm talking about.
They throw in the things that they think everyone wants as a token.
Right.
You know, yeah, we want to see more, you know, quilt bag characters.
Yeah, we want to see people of other ethnicities.
Yeah, we want more strong female leads, but they do the same kind of game over and fucking over.
Okay, I get what you're saying.
I still think, though, I cannot, I don't want to criticize Sony's big move for making L.
Ellie in a game of that caliber for spotlighting that.
Like, I really don't want to criticize that because it did,
you know, watching the intro, watching the scene was it really didn't feel token to me.
Like, it wasn't like, God, what's like, sometimes you play those Japanese anime titty games,
and there might be like, like, I don't even want to say Bayonetta because I think Bayonetta is
parody, but, you know, some of those games are sexy lesbians.
Yeah, like Galgun.
That's tokenism.
Okay.
But I didn't I didn't I wasn't I was more thinking like it's the throw a bone.
I just didn't really get that.
I mean, I'm not a lesbian, so maybe I or bi because technically it just shouldn't matter.
It should just be a natural part of the game.
I want ace characters, but I haven't had one yet except for one ever in Borderlands.
So but the diversity of the games themselves, I think, was was Sony's weakness.
And the fact that these other games like the Tetris effect and the other stuff was kind of
like, oh, and by the way, we announced this earlier this week, too, was kind of like,
well, give you should probably show that a little bit, too.
And then, OK, they gave a lot of time to Kingdom Hearts three, which is great.
That is the kind of game I'm signed up for.
Too bad I already saw it twice before Sony's thing.
So it felt really redundant at that point.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
So and it was really weird to me how there was all this stuff missing from E3 completely.
Where was Soul Calibur six at anybody's show?
Where was Red Dead Redemption two?
I would have thought for sure that would have been a Sony thing.
Well, you have to also remember there's Gamescom in a few months, too.
Yes.
So it struck me as weird.
It was weird.
Where was dreams?
They had the transitions with dreams.
They didn't talk about that at all.
No, it was just it was weird.
Sony was just weird this year.
They took a risk.
I didn't like it.
I hope they don't do it again.
The only other thing I'm going to say Death Stranding.
All right.
It looks pretty, but I've officially had it with the teases for Death Stranding.
We're getting into No Man's Sky territory here.
Yes, I realize some of what they showed there was the gameplay, but I'm sorry.
They didn't really explain, like, what is the game?
And I know some of you might all be, but that's the art.
That's the mystery.
Look, I fucking stand David Lynch's Twin Peaks hard.
And if you want to know about something that doesn't make any fucking sense, let's talk
about David Lynch's Twin Peaks.
But my point is with this Death Stranding thing, like, they've shown it over and over
and over and over again.
And it's just like, okay, you know what?
Put up or shut up.
Like, it just kind of, like, feels like the thing.
It's just it's the new No Man's Sky.
And I worry in some ways it might end up disappointing.
Maybe it won't.
And you know what?
Maybe I'll decide.
I play the game and I'll be like, oh my God, I was so fucking wrong.
This game is incredible.
But I just think if there is such a thing as too much promotion, too much teasing, we're
getting to that line with Death Stranding.
That was what they did with No Man's Sky.
Yeah, it became good eventually.
Anyway, go to our chat at live.vog.network.com.
At Def does want to clarify the Last of Us girl is bi.
It was explained in the DLC for the first game.
Well, I'm glad I did say it could have been either or.
I was not aware.
Certainly would not want to erase any sexualities here on the show.
Sia Tabiri in chat says Twin Peaks makes more sense.
Inland Empire is the one that did make sense.
I saw Lost Highway in the theater, okay?
You want to talk about a movie?
It doesn't make any fucking sense.
Go watch a movie called Lost Highway from the 90s.
Tigerclaw in chat says you have to take into account that this is Kojima.
His games tend to have really weird shit going on.
It's Kojima's trait.
Okay, Tigerclaw, I do get that.
But it's been weird shit for four years now.
Like, where's the fucking game?
God, can you imagine?
Is the game walking from place to place?
If it's a walking sim or that whole thing, then okay, cool.
I don't think that's what it is.
Can you imagine if he actually did Silent Hills, man?
I feel like a lot of probably what was going to be in that game
is probably going to be in this, but we'll see.
Anyway, SG-100 Matt does say I'm in the same boat,
three years of this nonsense of Death Stranding.
Dungeon Buster says I feel that Kojima's Metal Gear Solid teases
had a lot more information going on with him than Death Stranding does right now.
Yes, agree.
Anyway, sorry, I will stop ranting on that
because I don't want to be overly negative,
but I'm just like, please stop showing that game
until you're ready to show us the game and the release date.
I do not want to see that game again.
All right, is that it for Sony?
That's it for Sony.
Let's talk about the Nintendo Direct.
So Nintendo Direct started off with a game called
Daemon X Machine, and it's basically a spiritual successor to Armored Core,
at least that's what it looks like.
So awesome metal soundtrack coming in 2019.
It's a pretty cool name, like a play on Deus Ex Machina.
So then they showed off Xenoblade Chronicles 2 is getting,
I guess, some DLC that's coming out in September.
They showed off more Let's Go or Pokemon Let's Go Pikachu and Eevee
and talked about the transfer as well as the Pokeball Plus
is going to come with Mew in every single one.
And that's going to be coming out November 16th.
Super Mario Party, and they even have a way
that you're going to be able to use multiple switches
to play across two screens, which is kind of interesting.
They have Fire Emblem Three Houses,
which is coming out in the spring.
Fortnite was out that day.
They talked about some of the indie games,
so they highlighted Overcooked 2, Killer Queen Black, and Hollow Knight.
And then they talked a little bit about Octopath Traveler,
which had a demo that came out as well.
I actually know a little bit, I haven't played it yet.
Dragon Ball FighterZ coming out October 2018.
And then they talked about, of course, the big announcement,
Super Smash Brothers Ultimate.
And it's got every character in every Smash game so far,
and even bringing back Snake, and yes.
And of course, along with that, they announced new characters.
Daisy, they added, she's now what's called an Echo Fighter,
so basically like a clone of another character.
Does she still have an eyeball in the back of her head?
I don't believe so.
It would be cool if she did, though.
Maybe one of the reskins or something, who knows?
And then Ridley is also playable, and they've got amiibos coming for them as well.
And that's coming out this year, December 7th, so pretty awesome.
I sensed that there was a lot of people that didn't really care for Nintendo's presentation,
because they focused on Smash Brothers too much.
Because yes, it was all Smash Brothers.
It's 30 minutes of Smash Brothers.
Don't get me wrong, I love Smash Brothers.
I just wish, it's like, where's Metroid Prime 4?
Where's the Yoshi game that you guys talked about?
Where's Animal Crossing?
Where's anything else?
It's like, where is all this stuff?
I agree and I disagree.
Like, certainly, I would be lying.
I would be straight up lying if I didn't say.
There wasn't that part of me that was like,
oh, I wish they teased us a little more on Metroid Prime 4.
Or I wish we kind of got some other stuff as well.
I mean, we did get some new announcements in there with the Super Mario Party
and the mech game and, you know, some of those things they were showing.
There were at least some new things in there.
But I'd be lying if I wasn't saying I wouldn't have appreciated some of these other teases.
However, what I will give Nintendo credit for,
that I think a lot of people are overlooking,
is that the things they showed are coming a lot sooner
than collaboratively what Sony, especially Sony, or Microsoft showed.
Is that most of what you saw, like 90% of what Nintendo showed, was this year.
And they still do these directs every month or so.
Right.
Exactly.
You could think that they'd have other things.
I just wish they would say,
tease some stuff and like, oh, we'll have directs to talk about.
For like, I didn't need...
Which they did last year.
Yeah, exactly.
I didn't need Super Smash Brothers Ultimate to tell me what the differences were in the characters.
All of the characters, like, here's all of the differences.
I didn't need that 30 minute long explanation.
That was a bit deep dive that maybe wasn't needed for the whole audience.
Like that could be in like your Smash Direct that you do.
We did not need to waste 30 minutes doing this.
How about give 10 of those minutes to talking about Nintendo Online?
Exactly.
What the fuck is Nintendo Online?
Because we haven't talked about it.
We have a web page.
This was that opportunity.
So I was very surprised that was not there at all.
And y'all know, I've been wondering, like, what is Nintendo's fucking retro plan already?
And I feel like we're going to hear about it the day before at this point.
The day before it's live is when we'll finally find out what their fucking retro plan is.
Because I guess they don't want people analyzing it to death or something.
I don't know.
But it's, uh, yeah.
I mean, I didn't, I didn't hate what Nintendo did.
No, but it was, you know, again, and I kind of looked through it at the lens of,
okay, well, at least they're just showing, like,
here's the stuff to hold you over till our next direct type of thing.
And I was like, all right, I'm okay with it.
And honestly, you know, again, I don't like to do grades.
I don't like to do the whole who won E3, but I am going to say the press conference
that kind of surprised me this year of like, wow, I kind of feel like they put on
the strongest thing was Microsoft.
Yeah.
And I think it's because everybody let Microsoft do the third party unveils.
And Microsoft really had a whopper of an announcement with the fact that
we're positioning ourselves to really kick some butt with our next console
by acquiring four studios and building a fifth.
You know, that if I was a Microsoft Stan, which I'm a fan of everybody,
but if I was like one of those Microsoft fan boys,
like certain other podcasts I've heard before, I would have been really excited.
Plus, they had a lot of announcements.
Granted, a lot of them are like far out, but like they announced a new Halo game.
They announced three new Gears of War games.
They announced a new Forza game.
I mean, they got a lot of stuff coming.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, stop showing me Death Stranding.
I'm tired of seeing it three minutes later.
Why didn't they show us more about Metroid Prime 4?
Okay, I'm going to show you the difference here.
One, Sony is not only showing Death Stranding shit at E3.
They're showing it at PSX.
I think they did one at Gamescom, didn't they?
Didn't the Guillermo del Toro thing come out of Gamescom?
Yeah, or Tokyo Game Show or something like that.
They've also been joining the Game Awards.
That's it.
The Game Awards is the other thing that I'm not thinking of.
So they're showing Death Stranding like multiple times a year,
just like they were doing in No Man's Sky.
Metroid Prime, we haven't seen in like a year.
And I'm not saying, we don't need to have a 20-minute deep dive
on Metroid Prime 4 if it's not coming out to 2019,
but it just might be cool to see a screenshot,
uh, something that kind of gives us, is it 2D?
Is it through, oh, it's Prime.
It's probably 3D.
But just tease us a little bit with the HD graphics.
Are they doing multiplayer?
Just drop that little tidbit in there.
That's all I need.
Just a little tickle, okay?
That's all I really need from Metroid Prime 4 or anything.
I kind of feel like there's a difference.
Or like what Retro Studios is working on, you know?
Or just whatever.
I don't know.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Or DLC for fucking Mario Odyssey.
I'm surprised that's not a thing.
I feel like a lot of the comments in the chat room are a very
agreeance that Microsoft was the one that people really walked away
feeling the best from.
SG100Matt says MS did what people wanted.
Showed games.
Whether those games are for you is a different story.
Dungeon Buster says Microsoft and Phil Spencer put on a solid presser.
I don't have an Xbox One, but for us it looks like a game I would at least like to try out.
Well, you could on PC.
And Bobby Black Wolf pointing out with Metroid Prime.
Fun fact.
Metroid Prime came out five months after OLR started.
Thanks for that friendly reminder.
I appreciate that.
Sometimes sequels take time.
Look at The Incredibles 2 14 years later.
That's true.
That's true.
I yeah.
I'm all for Metroid Prime 4 can take its time to be done when it's done.
And here's the thing.
It didn't specifically have to be Metroid Prime 4.
But being at a 3 or like anything.
Show us enough.
Hey, here's an update on these games.
They can even preface it.
These games are coming out, you know, much a little bit later, like, you know.
But we want to show you here where here's some of the progress that we've made.
You know, kind of like how movies will say here's here's a still from the production set.
Here's a new actor that we've got in the game, which to be fair, I guess Death Stranding did do.
But, you know, here's a new character in these games.
Nintendo loves to show new characters.
I did want to back up, though, real quick to talk one more about Ubisoft.
Um, I think it was Ubisoft or maybe I'm thinking Bethesda.
One of them.
I can't remember which one.
The highlighted all the developers that were making their games.
And maybe that was Bethesda I'm thinking of.
Well, they do that big intro reel with Bethesda.
But I think now Ubisoft are the annoying marching band.
OK, now I'm getting it cleared now.
Sorry.
No, that's all right.
It's nice.
It's nice to see the faces behind this.
And I think a lot of times, you know, when gamers on Twitter can be really fucking mean
sometimes and social media in general, Facebook, too.
I always make fun of Twitter.
But the reality is Facebook comments are even worse.
Like if you go read Facebook comments on a lot of like public posts the companies make,
there's so much fucking garbage that people write on Facebook.
It's a good thing that their algorithm is such shit that it's really hard to find anything.
Lord.
Anyway, but my point with all that is like people really will razz games and be you know,
we forget that there are so many hard working people that make games.
And like, you know, I anytime that I feel like I personally have taken issues with what
game companies do or things, it's very high level executive decision type of things that
really tend to piss me off.
Like the whole EA thing like disclosure.
I know people that work at EA, OK?
Like, you know, you do a show for 16 years, you're going to meet some people, OK?
So I know people that work with EA and and obviously the problems that I have with what
has happened with Mass Effect, what is happening with loot boxes, what is happening with Anthem.
I would place none of that blame on those hard working people that are just being told,
you know, being doing what they are supposed to do and doing it well.
These are obviously when it comes to the money, the loot boxes, the how Mass Effect
was handled and all that stuff.
That's boardroom fucking decisions.
And that is where oftentimes, unfortunately, people are brought into those boardrooms that
aren't gamers.
And I will tie this together.
I think part of why Microsoft is in a much better place now with the Xbox One than it
was when it was unveiled is you had Don Mattrick.
Who is a little more that thing I was talking about that isn't such a great thing to have
in boardrooms versus Phil Spencer, who clearly is a gamer himself.
You have a very different person at the front of the wheel.
That's also, I think, why Nintendo is mostly successful with Iwata at the helm.
Oh, for sure.
And even Reggie, you know, Reggie came from fucking Panda Express.
People forget that.
But Reggie, you still feel whether whether it's genuine or not, honestly, you he still
shows enthusiasm for games.
He's willing to get in there, make fun of it all.
Play the games.
Take it on.
So you get the sense that he loves video games, whether it's legit or not.
That's what he's able to show off.
You know what I mean?
So anyway.
And also, honestly, Panda Express, pretty good, fast, casual food.
And I'm not being made to say that.
So Reggie's had a pretty successful past.
Anyway, Dartetsuya in chat says, I definitely admire Reggie's dedication.
Dungeon Buster says, got tired of the toxicity.
Yeah, for sure.
For sure.
Bobby Blackwell points out, Bethesda always starts with their people.
Yes, it's very important.
And Sia Tabiri says, npr.org completely disabled their comment section last year or two years
ago.
All comment sections get bad sometimes.
The VoG network comments aren't too bad.
Not that that's a challenge.
Please do not come up to that challenge.
But I think it's because no one's using them.
Very few people are.
Leave some comments on episodes.
I see one once in a while.
I see you guys, especially overseas people that are leaving the comments on the episodes.
We could use a few more.
Show the internet how to behave, VoG network folks.
All right.
Anyway, if that's it for Nintendo and the E3 conferences, let's move on to our gaming
weeks.
Let's quickly, because we are an hour in and I know we only have Jamie till nine o'clock
tonight.
Let's talk about our gaming weeks.
So Dark Sakura, we'll start with you.
Some Kirby.
Also, mostly a lot of pinball because we had pinball league at my house on Thursday.
I'm still playing idle pouring.
I'm still playing Pokemon Go.
We played some Pokemon Go today.
Mostly I've just been reading a lot because books have kind of been my refuge while last
week was kind of crap.
So yeah.
All right.
Lots of pinball though.
I'm sorry to hear about the crap, but I'm glad video games were there to help you in
my garage.
We have a guardians of the galaxy and it's fucking fun.
It's a very colorful table.
Very loud.
I told Dan I'd be willing to sell Star Trek to get a guardians of the galaxy.
So there may be some changes in my house.
Ooh, friendly reminder too.
I know this isn't you, Dark Sakura, but for the pinball fans out there that don't mind
playing on PC, don't forget those license tables are going away at the end of June.
So this like last chance.
So a reminder, if you didn't drop your 200 bucks on buying all those old tables yet or
however much it was, I don't remember the cost.
Loki, let's do your gaming week.
We'll go to Bradley.
I didn't play much this week.
I did play a little bit of Super Mario Odyssey.
Still trying to just get all the power moons.
So I finished the Luncheon Kingdom.
I think I've gotten all of them there.
So I moved on to other things.
And then so that's two out of however many kingdoms are that I've gotten everything in.
And then I did download the Octopath Traveler demo, but I still haven't played it yet.
A little bit more Pokemon conquest and or Pokemon quest conquest would be even better.
But Pokemon quest, I played that and Pokemon go.
And I keep forgetting to mention every week, but still playing dance dance revolution extreme.
So doing that.
Yeah, that's pretty much it.
No, not a ton.
OK, let's go over to Bradley.
How was your gaming week?
All right.
So aside from the other the aforementioned Slay the Spire also been playing.
I play pretty much play Fire Emblem Heroes every day.
At least like a little bit of it just for whatever.
Also playing SteamWorld Heist.
Oh, yeah, I know those games.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Basically, it's a sort of a strategy platform sort of thing.
Try to get into position and shoot the enemies and all that.
So that's pretty fun.
And I also played the Bloodstained Curse of the Moon.
Pretty much wrapping up that game.
There was like two other achievements that I got to do it the correct way.
What are you playing that on PC?
Yeah.
Yeah.
So I figured because you mentioned you didn't have the newer consoles.
The not Castlevania wink pretty much.
Doesn't it feel like it's just it's just Castlevania pretty much pretty much.
But it's great.
It's great.
It's nice to have a new game like that.
Yeah.
And I'm not too much else I've met.
All right.
My gaming week.
So I'm pretty much old favorites for me.
Diablo three season 14 start of season 14 of Diablo 14.
That's really started this past week.
So I was like, oh, what the hell?
So how often do they do is like every quarter reset them about every three months.
So they were playing with the time at some point.
It was four months.
Somebody was two months.
I think they're settled on like a three month average.
So I started a witch doctor for season 14 and I haven't been power leveled.
So I've grind my own levels up to I think I'm about 48 right now.
So I'll be by the time the next episode of our airs in two weeks,
I'll be like Paragon 500.
It's just the way these things go.
Although then again, I can't play when I'm in Chicago, so maybe not.
But I've been playing that.
I got sucked into heroes of the storm again.
So it's like I'm back on my blizzard.
Bullshit.
Basically, I'm playing with the casual blizzard games and doing that.
So I've been playing heroes of the storm.
I've been watching heroes of the storm on Twitch because they do like some of the drops.
I guess right now you can get loot boxes for like watching people play heroes of the storm on Twitch.
It's actually a really cool little promotion.
I don't think it made our show roll,
but I thought it was very clever that like the game makers are rewarding people
with items in that game for watching that game.
And especially for something that's a free to play game like heroes of the storm.
It's very, you know, it gives people more people an excuse to check it out.
I'm only level 70, which I know people that are in hundreds of levels.
But guys, I only ever play AI.
I have done that completely like AI matches.
So if I had more friends that I played with on a regular basis,
I might do more like player versus player.
But for right now, like AI allows me to get quest done every day,
get the gold to buy new characters.
And that's just kind of what I do.
So I was doing a little bit of the event.
They did like a wrestling event.
It was kind of interesting.
They did an event a couple of weeks ago,
but now they're moving into an Alterac Valley event.
So I think there's a new map coming out on Tuesday.
So that'll be cool.
Anyway, other than that, Pokemon Go community day was Saturday.
So I played lots and lots of that.
Walked around Capitol Park again for three hours catching shinies.
I got two shinies pretty quick.
And then like that third shiny,
because you know I want a shiny for every evolution of Larvitar, right?
That third shiny would not fucking drop.
So like I had two shinies by 1130.
And then like 130 showed up and I still didn't have a third shiny.
And I was getting really pissed off.
But then by some miracle, I caught two more shinies.
Phew, so I had my four shinies by the time the event was done.
And I Pinat buried almost every single...
I went into the event with 90 Pinat berries.
I used them all.
So I walked out of that event with over a thousand Larvitar candy.
And now I have an army of Tyranitar's waiting to shred up raids and things that...
Obviously, Tyranitar's won't do everything, but they do a lot.
Especially, you know, because some have fire blasts,
some have the, you know, Stone Edge and, you know, the different moves.
Well, didn't you get all of them that you evolved during the event?
I evolved two to get Smackdown, yes.
So I caught a couple high level wonders at the park and I evolved those
to just have a high level Tyranitar with those moves out the gate.
It's a bummer because I had a level 100...
Or I'm sorry, a 100% IV Larvitar from back when scanners were available
and people would post to our raiding group.
They'd say, there's a 100% Larvitar over at the, you know, the...
Where was this at?
It was at an apartment complex somewhere.
So we drove over there because we happened to...
Me and one of my Ingress buddies were out playing Ingress
when that message came in and it was like, 100% Larvitar, turn Ingress off.
We're gonna go get this.
So we did.
So we went and grabbed it.
And so, but I had already evolved that to Tyranitar all the time.
So are those the ones that like come up as a wonder or how the...
They're a wonder.
It'll go, if you're on blue team, the language in red and yellow is different,
but for blue team, it says, this Pokemon is a wonder.
Its best stat is attack, matched by its defense, matched by its HP.
And then it goes, the stats are so impressive.
It's amazing.
I don't remember the exact verbiage, but basically it's a 15 basically in that stat.
So yeah.
So anyway, that was my gaming week.
Mostly those games.
So yeah.
Let's move on and get into some gaming news.
As a reminder, guys, for housekeeping, we will not be here next week.
I'm gonna be out of town in Chicago.
We're just gonna take a week off, but we'll be back in two weeks
for the next year of Orange Lounge Radio and what's to come in the next year.
I will say this though.
We are...
I don't want to be too much of a tease,
but there's going to be some big changes by the end of the year.
Not with hosts or anything like that.
Just there's going to be some big changes at the end of the year.
And I think you guys will like them and that's all.
I hope you guys like them.
That's why we're doing them.
So we'll, it's something you guys have been asking for for a long time.
So we'll give you more on that at a later date.
In the meantime, let's get into some gaming news for this week.
Loki.
So let's talk about, since we didn't talk about during the, you know, recap of E3,
the PC gaming show.
So there's a few things.
I personally hate watching the PC gaming show because it would be pretty dumb,
but there were a few things that get announced out there.
So one of my favorite studios, Coffee Stain Studios,
has a new game coming out called Satisfactory,
which is like a survival game.
You can build these different machines that do different automations and whatnot.
So that's pretty cool.
And they have a closed alpha coming pretty soon.
There's a game called Neo Cab, which is about a futuristic
or glass cab, human cab driver in a futuristic city.
And that's coming out in 2019, February 5th.
A game called Mavericks Proving Grounds,
which looks like a battle royale game with a thousand concurrent players.
So that sounds pretty neat.
No word on one that's out.
Game called The Forgotten City, which is like a...
I'm sorry.
One versus a hundred wasn't enough.
Wait until you try one versus a thousand
and realize you're going to place no higher than nine hundred and ninety eight.
Yeah.
After the two people that disconnected.
Let's see, they have a game.
They showed off Forgotten City, which is coming in 2019.
A game that's kind of interesting for me
because I used to play the old Star Control games, the Star Control Origins,
which showed off like they have it's an open universe action RPG.
They guess they're launching that on September 20th.
A game called The Hunt or Hunt Showdown,
which I think is a survival FPS game by Crytek.
A game called Archangel Hellfire.
It's a 2v2 PvP multiplayer mech shooter.
Let's see what else.
They showed off some stuff for Warframe.
Now it's more Sega PC titles coming.
So Shenmue 1 and 2, Yakuza Kiwami,
Valkria Chronicles 4 and Yakuza 0.
So and Shining Resonance are all going to be making their way to the PC now.
Killing Floor 2.
What else?
We had another.
They showed off some gameplay for Jurassic World Evolution,
a game called Stormland, which is an open world VR game.
That Jurassic World Evolution,
a lot of people have been playing that on Twitch lately.
People are I guess those people that are playing the the SimCity and the city.
Oh my God.
Why can't I remember that again?
Cities Evolved or Cities Skylines.
That's it.
Skylines seem to be into Jurassic World right now.
Yeah.
It's like a little memory like of a theme park game.
It is.
But it's where the obviously the dinosaurs can kill everyone.
So that's kind of fun.
That's always fun.
Yeah.
What else?
Stormland.
I think I talked about that.
Night Call, which is you play as a Paris taxi driver.
Tiger Claw says it's from the developers of Planet Coaster.
So there's a reason why it feels adjacent.
That's pretty awesome.
That is awesome.
They showed off some Star Citizen stuff and then they kind of got into a monitor.
Of course, this is a PC gaming show, a game called Genesis Alpha 1.
I think this show was like three hours long, so there's a ton of shit.
Don't Starve Hamlet.
I'm not really sure what that is.
More DLC for Don't Starve, I guess.
I guess.
Yeah.
They showed off Just Cause 4 on PC and talked about the, you know,
upgrades that PC version is going to get.
They had the Walking Dead FPS game from Overkill that's coming out on November 4th.
They also talked a little bit about the Walking Dead, the Telltale series.
They have the final season coming out August 14th.
And what's kind of unique about this season, though, is it's going to have unscripted combat
and some more free camera scenes.
A game called Noita, which is a pixelated side scroller cave adventure game.
All right.
Anything we're dying for over here, Loki?
There's a game called Realm Royale, Hitman 2.
Oh, I think that Realm Royale is showing up on Twitch too.
I think it's a real game.
And then a game that looked kind of neat.
Ooblets.
I've been seeing a lot of that on my Twitter feed.
It's kind of like a Pokemon Animal Crossing game.
Bobby points out that Realm Royale is the same studio high res that does Smite and Paladins.
I thought so by the logo.
The logo is like the same font as Paladins.
Yeah.
All right.
And yeah, they have like another battle royale, Rapture Rejects, which is another battle royale.
So all the battle royale games are the PC gaming show.
Like all the just about all of them are over there.
The Rapture Rejects one.
I like to mention this one is kind of cool because I did see this
on YouTube because it's Cyanide and Happiness co-created it.
So it's their art style.
And I fucking love Cyanide and Happiness.
So that looks awesome.
Well, something else that could have been a Nintendo's little event that was missing was
non-games.
I mean, yeah, I know we don't want to fixate too much on that.
Like, look at what happened at the Xbox One reveal.
But it might have been nice to hear, oh, hey, Netflix, YouTube going to come to Switch.
And apparently it looked like that was going to happen because Best Buy
had leaked something on their website.
I say leaked, but obviously it didn't happen.
But they said that it listed features on the Nintendo Switch as Netflix and YouTube right
alongside Hulu, which we know is already there.
Unfortunately, the direct happened and it wasn't there.
And Best Buy did say that, oh, it was an error.
You know, of course, they kind of cover their tracks a little bit there and say that was
an error because, of course, that picture with Netflix and YouTube made its way all
around the Internet.
So, of course, Reggie Fils-Aime kind of got asked about it in one of the many E3 interviews.
And he said in a quote in one of the interviews, when we launched the Switch, we were very
clear we wanted to position the device as a game playing device.
We've done that.
And so you've seen Hulu, for example, come onto the platform.
In terms of other services, the conversations are ongoing.
We've got nothing to announce right now, but certainly those opportunities will come
in due time.
So in many ways, it's the same line we've been getting ever since the launch of the
system.
Like, sure, we'll do it at some point, but we're just trying to focus on the games because
that's what you all want us to do anyway, which is kind of the underlying overtone.
But he didn't say never.
He said in due time.
So it certainly seems like we'll have Netflix and YouTube when they talk about the networks.
Yeah, maybe.
You know what?
It would be a good coupling with online stuff.
So maybe that'll be when they unveil it.
But at the same time, when it comes to setting expectations in Nintendo, I think it would
just be a bad idea to do that ever.
So we'll just we'll just sit here and be surprised by whatever it ends up being.
So all right.
Anyway, let's move on.
Dar Sakura, what do you have for us?
Something that people don't always expect to hear on the show, stocks.
Although I have said that the way to have some say in a company is to own some stock
in it.
Hello.
But anyway, there were some pretty big stock changes that came out of news from E3.
In fact, three of the biggest stock increases went for Take-Two, for EA and for Blizzard.
So those three had the biggest stock increase, which keep in mind, you know, again, the stocks
are an indicator of how not just how the company is performing, but also, you know, where their
strength is.
You know, a company that's making more money is going to be in a stronger position to do
more.
And of course, you know, again, money into the local economy.
Hello.
But companies that took a hit was Nintendo dropped ten point four percent.
Who knew that all those investors were also eagerly awaiting Animal Crossing on the switch?
No, it's because all those investors, they're like, wait, where's Waluigi?
Sell.
You know who's not investing is Tom Nook.
But they're investing in turnips.
Sony dropped one point seven percent.
Microsoft just barely dipped like point two percent.
Other ones that did get a hit were Logitech.
AMD took an increase and so did Nvidia, I guess, with, you know, seeing how.
So this this E3 kind of I don't want to say it was a flop,
but this E3 from a financial stock perspective, like nobody was excited out of E3.
And honestly, in talking to a lot of like fans and things and I feel like a lot of people
are walking out of this E3 going, it's OK.
It wasn't the best.
The thing is, is that the largest players, you know, in I would say generally at E3 were
the ones to take a hit.
Nintendo, Sony and Microsoft.
But all the smaller ones and maybe the medium developers seem to be doing pretty well coming
out of this.
So, you know, this I think it's really showing that people are more looking toward not toward
the very biggest of the names, but looking toward the software publishers as opposed
to the hardware providers.
And this is this is good information to look at, because ultimately, like your letter grade
on Twitter doesn't mean shit.
This is what this is where the money is.
Yeah.
Well, some of that could have come out of copy text as well, because their show was the
week before and they were showing off all the PC hardware stuff.
Maybe some maybe some of the AMD and things, but not not the big three.
Yeah.
The ones that are like and I mean like hardware, not like console hardware is the one that
are the ones taking the hit.
But I think the component providers are the ones that really.
Because, I mean, basically a lot more home gaming is being done, I think, on higher end
PCs.
It's really gotten an increase, I think.
Even I was reading another article that Turtle Beach has actually had an increase in revenue
thanks to Fortnite directly because of Fortnite.
Oh, sure.
Yeah, sure.
Good call.
Rama in chat says, fuck Waluigi, to which I respond.
When and Dungeon Buster in chat says investors were hoping for a stronger holiday showing
from Nintendo, from what I read.
But are we I mean, are we even if you have a pretty strong holiday, they've got a Mario
Party game, a Pokemon spin off, but like one of the more logical spin offs.
If you're going to spin anything off, spin off the mobile.
Yeah, yeah.
It's still like Pokemon.
And they got obviously Smash Brothers, which, you know, is a top 20 of all time.
And I watch and I didn't watch you casually some of the Nintendo Treehouse stuff.
And I got to say, as a person who doesn't play Pokemon, I want that Pokemon game.
I mean, my kids want that game like Loki is talking positive about Nintendo like a lot.
And it's because of that Pokemon game.
So like y'all, I'll be picking up all three of their games this new holiday.
Nintendo fans that always send the angry emails about Loki and his fits like like y'all
hearing this.
Y'all hearing it.
I only I I criticize because I love.
I know.
I know.
We've said that over and over again.
Bobby says two Pokemon games, not three.
It's still the same thing.
It is the same thing.
Oh, he could be talking about the mainline game.
They did kind of right.
They did a tickle to say mainline Pokemon isn't dead.
It's coming in 2019.
Then that's fine.
I'm talking about like, you know, and then your your dumb little Pokemon quest thing,
I guess, could be counted as a game in some ways.
That'll be on mobile.
It's still a game.
I mean, I still play it.
That's that's the one I don't get.
Even I look at that going, Loki, why do you like that?
Holy shit, by the way.
Well, all right.
Don't mean to derail, but there was actually a big earthquake in Osaka.
Oh, no.
Yeah.
What what what did Richter scale?
Uh, lower sixes.
OK, I mean, but at least it's not an eight, you know, derailed some trains and killed
two people.
So just saying, I didn't mean to interrupt for anything like that, but I mean, no, that's
OK.
I thought we have listeners in Japan and friends in the area.
So just stopping to acknowledge and give you all tsunamis are going to be the big concern
center center central of the country.
So I don't think oh, so then the water would go.
Yeah.
So it's not going to do that.
OK, that's great.
That's good.
Anyway.
OK.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at VOG Network
dot com, use the passphrase window.
Let's move on, though, with some other news.
So, Loki.
All right.
So Valve is, I guess, doing something.
I mean, they decided now they're going to put some limitations.
They're trying to stop a lot of these like sketchy games are coming to steam.
One type of game that comes out there is these achievement games that basically spam, you
know, achievements.
You play the games like, oh, hey, you get 100 trophies all of a sudden.
So what they're doing is they're putting in some sort of limitations for that.
So with with this, they're basically going to limit games to having 100 achievements
and there's supposed to be some sort of like confidence metric.
They'll prevent features.
OK, I can't hold it in.
Why all of a sudden to steam feel like, oh, but we need to regulate this.
Oh, steam.
Oh, I thought there was supposed to be things in games that purposefully make you mad.
This has been like this has been an issue for like a long time.
Why now are they fixing this?
You know, and yeah, and to your point, you know, oh, offensive content.
Well, the whole platform is fucking broken.
I mean, it's what it is.
And steam fix your life.
If it wasn't so convenient to get stuff, you know, on that platform, then, yeah.
But here's the other problem, too, with steam, though, like, I don't know, like, I just feel
they like even their sales and stuff, it's just hard to get excited about anymore.
When I see people with garbage achievements, I go, oh, look, they got a garbage achievement
like it does.
I just feel like, OK, fine.
Is is this need fixing?
I guess if it's ton and ton and spam.
What is exactly the trophies do?
Is that like raise your level or something?
I don't I don't fucking know anymore, Loki.
I don't fucking know anymore.
And who gives a shit about what level you are on steam?
Does anybody go like I'm a level 20 on steam?
If if it still works the same way when it first came out, it affects the drop rate of
the cards every time I see now every 10 levels you go up on steam, you get a higher chance.
So what happens is they're power leveling the box, they're farming the cards so they
get more drops so they can make more money off the broken ass platform that steam has
let them get away with for such a long time.
I see it's all about the steam, steam, steam, steam.
Have a seat.
Steam.
We need to talk at your life.
Look at your choices.
Look at your life, look at your choices.
The call is coming from inside the house.
That's all I have to say.
Steam, the call is coming from inside the house.
Why don't you fix that?
Yeah, moving on.
Hey, let's talk about the switch and some big arcade announcements that were not a part
of the big press thing that they did.
But they came out later because they like to drop little things during the tree house
thing, right?
Right.
That was the one thing.
It's like, I can't watch all three days of this, but yeah, so I have to wait for people
to report on it for me.
But anyway, it did come out that Donkey Kong, the arcade Donkey Kong has come out to the
Nintendo switch.
Now this is kind of a big deal because Nintendo has released Donkey Kong time and time and
time again.
But what they tend to release is that original NES cartridge of Donkey Kong, which was not
an arcade perfect port.
It's missing the pie factory.
So which was, did y'all know there's a board in Donkey Kong?
It's actually a cement factory, but I call it the pie factory.
They look like pies, even though it's supposed to be the whole thing that was supposed to
be like a construction scene.
Yeah.
So cement mixer in pie, whatever, which goes with the other boards.
You know, I'll have a construction theme.
Absolutely.
It looks like a pie factory, but it's cement factory.
But regardless, that board is in this.
So that's a pretty big deal because it's a more authentic, if you will, port of Donkey
Kong.
So that is available and it's going to be on the switch for $7.99 through the arcade
archives.
This actually has the Japanese version to the Japanese original, the updated Japanese
original with bug fixes and the international version.
You can play a vertical layout by rotating 90 degrees.
That's rad.
That's awesome.
Is it going to be so convincing that certain professional Donkey Kong players aren't going
to be able to tell the difference between this and an arcade version?
I'm going to defer all those questions to Bobby Black.
All right.
Just confirming, you know, it can be confusing.
He's the variety spokesperson now.
Dartage Studio says, to be fair, they did have an edited NES version that re-added the
cement factory level, but this is the first time the honest to goodness arcade version
has been released.
Yes.
And for the record, I still believe that the ColecoVision version was superior to the
Nintendo version, but.
And I prefer the Commodore 64 version, but that's also my fandom from when I was a kid.
Now, something else to keep in mind.
This was not the only arcade game that they released.
This is kind of a big deal.
Sky Skipper also is getting a release.
Sky Skipper never got formally released in arcades.
They did some location testing in 1981.
That was it.
Also, I think, didn't this cabinet show up at like Southern Fried Game Room Expo or something
like that?
Like, I feel like this cabinet is like one of those things that shows up rarely, but
anyway, or maybe they rebuilt it or something.
I don't know.
But apparently Nintendo had to extract the ROM from the only arcade cabinet still in
existence to make this happen.
So this is like a rare Nintendo.
You are sitting on a joke.
What do you want to say?
I'm just saying, just based off their previous experience with Virtual Console, they extracted
off of the arcade board that they downloaded off the Internet.
You know, how did that come about?
All right.
Anyway, Darticcia does confirm it was a Sky Skipper cabinet that was restored at last
year's Southern Fried Game Room Expo.
So, yeah, very cool.
So anyway, that is also available now.
So if you want to take something from the archives of Nintendo that was never released,
well, it wasn't Mother 3, but you got this.
It's something.
Anyway, at least Mother 3 was released somewhere.
Anyway, Dark Soccer, what do you got?
Well, how about one of our favorite things that has taken over Netflix?
Stranger Things.
Queer Eye.
Season 2.
Stranger Things.
Anyway, it looks like Telltale has got the rights to do a Stranger Things game.
So and, of course, we know what Telltale is best at.
It's interactive adventures and point and click goodies.
So they are actually doing a Stranger Things game.
It's actually still in the project state.
It hasn't been determined on, you know, what exactly the story is going to be or when it's
going to be out.
But they say that it's not going to be on Netflix at all, so there won't be any kind
of story to it.
They're just it's all going to be pure game.
So there you go.
This is one of the things that when I heard the news, I was like, oh, yeah, I guess I
guess it would make sense for Stranger Things to have a game like this.
I mean, I know there's that crappy little cell phone.
I shouldn't call it crappy, but it was a cell phone game and very much just a cell phone
game of Stranger Things that came out.
So it makes sense that, you know, they're getting something a little more substantial.
Yeah, substantial.
That's a good word for it.
Substantial and not upside down.
Yes, correct.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on.
Just a few more stories for you guys and then the classic game of the week.
And you've got another big story from this week, Loki.
Yes, I do.
So right after, you know, they announced during the Nintendo Direct that, hey, Fortnite is
on the Switch and you can play it now.
Well, unfortunately, some people couldn't just play it right now because they found
out when they tried to log in that they couldn't if they happen to have played on a PlayStation
4, because that's right.
While the system or the game is cross platform or cross play, it can only cross play with
Fortnite on PC, mobile and Xbox One.
You can't play it if you've accessed it on the PlayStation 4.
The only way you can get to play that is if you create a new account.
In fact, you can even unlink it from the PlayStation 4 and it'll still say, nope, sorry,
can't do it.
That is such bullshit.
But that's even unlink it.
That's OK, though.
So Sony did make a response regarding this, and their response was very, very to the point.
We're always open to hearing what the PlayStation community is interested in to enhance their
gaming experience.
Done.
And the lie detector test is determined.
That was a lie because people have been harping on Sony about this cross play thing for a
while.
It happened with Rocket League.
It's happening with Minecraft, although that one with Microsoft owning Minecraft is a little
more dicey there.
But we've had these cross play discussions before.
Shit, we've had these discussions before when it was Microsoft that was sitting at the top
of the heap with the Xbox 360 when the PlayStation 3 was floundering.
And this whole thing about cross play and Microsoft not allowing it fucking gave a Sony
Street Fighter 5 essentially at the end of the day.
And Final Fantasy 14 is not on a Microsoft platform because they made those mistakes when
Don Mattrick was in charge.
And now the tables are turned.
So no, you're not listening to what the gamers want.
Like, look, I think most people generally accept because there is competition that there
are things you're going to be able to play on PlayStation.
You can't play with your friends on Microsoft and vice versa and the whole thing.
It would be nice to see those walls come down.
And as we've illustrated many times on this show, it has come down in the past when the
companies really want it.
IE Final Fantasy 11 is like the only thing I can think of that was like PC, Sony, Microsoft,
all of that.
Like back in the day, Final Fantasy 11 worked on all those things.
Cross play is not hard.
Okay, but now we've got this whole other complication as well.
It's not just the cross play thing that's annoying.
I mean, it's a little bit annoying.
It's definitely not hard because I think at one point it was accidentally turned on on
the PlayStation for you to play with.
Yeah, but what's really annoying last month, Twitch for Twitch Prime people gave away Fortnite
stuff and you had to basically, you know, give it get it on your account.
And it's like if you have all that on your account and you've ever played it on PlayStation
for even if it was just like once out of curiosity and you'd had to be too bad, you're fucked
because you can't unlink.
That's the worst part of all of this.
In my opinion, like if Sony wants to be dicks and if they want to be like, oh, but the 80
million gamers are over here.
Bitch, you should know this by now.
You can have those gamers and you can lose them just as easily.
I got three words for you.
Giant enemy crab.
So y'all better watch yourselves on that throne because you had those 80 million gamers.
You should learn by now the gamers can fucking turn on you like that, bitch.
So my suggestion is you stop this business speak and you listen to what people are telling
you, and that is that, you know what, when I buy shit, I want to be able to use it when
that precedent is there that it's on, you know, it carries over my PC account to PlayStation.
If I want to move it over to the switch because I want to play, you know, on the go at friends
houses and stuff with Wi-Fi and I want to play on my portable console stuff and I don't
want to be fucking locked in because I checked it out for five minutes on your console.
Like a long time ago, then you need to like, let those people go.
And there's a part of me as well that kind of wonders like,
is Epic necessarily blame free in this scenario?
I have this weird feeling. Call me crazy.
Wouldn't be the first time.
Epic may have set it up this way to push this issue with Sony.
This whole thing might've been done to get gamers to needle Sony on this issue.
And boy, are they needling Sony on this issue.
Go look at any reply to a PlayStation tweet right now.
They're getting needled on this issue.
And I have to wonder, is some of that maybe Epic's doing?
I'm sure a little bit of it is because I'm sure that they could work it in a way that,
you know, Oh, any PlayStation exclusive items that you get on your play or whatever,
are just only on that platform and not necessarily,
you know, something you would see on another platform.
Yeah.
S2100 Matt in chat says their response was such a slap in the face to their consumers
to have an address that seems like it was written by our president.
Made no sense.
Sure. Microsoft has messed up in the past, but had no problems making things right
and communicating with their base very quickly.
Sony could use a major Nelson.
I'm telling you right now, like even with like this stuff,
this is just between this, the way they had an old model mod support.
And just how even like how 4k is seems to be even better on Xbox one.
Like I'm telling you that when the next round of consoles comes out, I'm going Microsoft.
Yeah.
Sony, you better watch yourself.
Like seriously, this is my, this is my loving advice.
Again, you know, I know people I'm very close with that are at Sony and I'm sure
this is not their problems.
This is the problems of executive decisions.
So Sony executives, listen the fuck up.
Microsoft just let you know this week, they are bringing in the troops.
They want to snatch the crown in this next generation of gaming.
Sony, if you keep doing dumb shit decisions like this and not, and compounding those dumb
shit statements or dumb shit decisions with really dumb shit statements, like your response
to this whole thing, gamers will turn on you like that.
Listen to what Loki just said.
So Sony, you still got a window here.
Fix it.
And yes, I am being extra sassy.
It's the sweet 16.
I wish that they, they would like support like the backwards compatibility and all that
stuff because it would be nice to be able to play all these PlayStation three games
that I have in my library that I can't play.
But you know, Microsoft is doing that.
They're supporting that.
So, and their mod supports way better, even though both are pretty limited.
I guess PC would be the winner there.
And I mean, technically I don't need to get an Xbox one because I have a PC and I can
play all her games through that.
But I just like a lot of the games I play are multi-platform and it just seems like,
you know, like when it comes to like Skyrim and stuff like that, like the mod supports
is better.
Bob coffee and chat will end on this and we'll move on.
Cause our show's running very long.
Bob coffee and chat says it's pretty ironic when Nintendo is more open to cross play than
Sony LOL.
Isn't it though?
Isn't it though?
Dude, do you know the other thing we haven't even brought up Loki with Nintendo and Fortnite
did do we all just like there's voice chat in Fortnite on the switch.
Yeah.
You just plug in any old headset and you got voice chat enabled in Fortnite on the switch.
Yeah.
It's like, it's so weird that the console can handle that.
Why the fuck do I have to have a phone app?
Hold up.
Because that brings up a whole other thing.
So wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
So all this bullshit fuckery with the Nintendo app, this, this was all a ploy to get us to
download your shitty app.
Nintendo that only works with one game right now.
And it's the most convoluted, stupid thing ever.
Like that was, that was, that was the gag I was not prepared for with Fortnite on the
switch was this secret unlocking of, Oh yeah.
Voice chat's been there the whole time.
Works just fine.
What?
Yeah.
That I don't get like, seriously.
No wonder more.
Is there a network that fucking borked that they can't fucking, Oh, I'm sorry.
This, we just can't do voice chat.
Like, do they not know how?
I mean, no, I think the reality is the answer you don't want to hear.
Loki Nintendo is afraid of, um, pedophiles getting tied to the switch on how they met
their victims.
That in a nutshell, that is what Nintendo remember.
Remember when, um, I don't even remember the name of that fucking app, the drawing application
on 3DS.
Remember when not picture chat picked out, whatever that thing was, the other one that
you sent the little thing.
Remember when that got on the chat?
Remember when that got on the news in a negative light and it was pulled from all the 3DS is
everywhere.
That is the root problem.
Loki, whether you want to hear it or not.
I know, I know you don't want to hear it.
Loki, I know you don't want to hear it, but that, I'm just keeping it real.
That is why voice chat is a fucking problem.
And that's such a backwards way to think nowadays.
Swap note.
Thank you.
Swap note.
That's such a backwards way to think chat from like to chat with the DS thing.
What year do they think they're in?
I mean, seriously, how many kids nowadays have access to the internet?
Which is tablets and mobile devices.
You're asking someone to have a fucking mobile device to chat.
So they fucking have a access to the internet.
Why is it that you just make it so stupidly hard to just function?
Just go for the children.
It's fucking dumb.
I don't.
It would be so easy to chat with friends only.
Done.
Exactly.
And not fucking hard.
The parental controls would allow your parents to see who's your friend.
You have parental controls built into the fucking system.
I don't understand what the problem is.
D'Artezio says, I should have known that would set Loki up.
I had to offset that positivity on Pokemon with something y'all.
It's an anniversary show.
Stupid.
It's fucking dumb.
Right.
Shut up.
Cause like they're like, though, I understand it.
The argument was, well, the system is powerful to run these games, but it just can't do both
this and voice chat at the same time.
Even the Nintendo fans, even the most hardcore Nintendo fans on this issue, even they're
going to be like, I really can't be mad at Loki.
Like this is an issue Nintendo needs to evolve on.
So anyway, let's move on.
I got one more switch thing.
And then we're gonna get to the classic game of the week, which of course, for an anniversary
show, you know, dark soccer, dark soccer has picked a fun one, but, uh, the switch porting
studio that did doom rocket league Wolfenstein.
This studio is called panic button and they're doing a pretty good job.
All these ports were really well done.
Uh, they are working on something else.
They won't say what it is, but it's another AAA switch port.
Uh, and it's another major port that they will announce in July.
So I wonder if there's going to be another Nintendo direct in July to possibly fill in
some of these gaps we're feeling after E3.
I don't know, but anyway, there's something else that's going to get ported to the switch.
Lots of people thinking grand theft auto five.
They could do the three 60 version of the game.
Yeah.
Um, cause that's how Skyrim is there.
And that's why we don't have fallout four because follow four was the next gen game.
So I could see grand theft auto five.
That's again, that is just, I would have to pick up.
I would have to pick up grand theft auto five again.
And that would be, you know, I'd be curious to see how the online mode works in grand
theft auto.
Well, that's the problem though.
See, it wouldn't because the grand theft auto online, they've stopped supporting the Xbox
three 16 PlayStation three because it just, they're not supporting any more updates for
it.
So it'd be weird to see how that would work.
You know what I want to see?
And I would, it would go a long way in making a lot of hurt feelings, feel a lot better
when Nintendo have boobies on their plan.
They might, uh, mass effect trilogy on the Nintendo switch.
That would, that would go a long way in healing some hurt that I feel in my heart.
Or how about the mass effect quad trilogy?
Why not destroy Andromeda in it?
All right.
Anyway, I know I'm reaching, I'm reaching.
All right.
Let's, let's take a trip back to a simpler time.
A time when, uh, you didn't have remasters and all this stuff.
You know, you know what you got if, if, if it was on the Nintendo and then it came out
on the super Nintendo, it was pretty much the same damn thing.
That's what happened in the Ninja game trilogy.
Anyway, uh, it's the classic game of the week, dark Sakura, seven, the vault find a game
that you think, Hey, we should be playing this week.
I wish I had one of these in the vault.
Right.
And it's a very special 16th anniversary selection.
It is, but it only lived for two years as a series.
Did you know that?
Uh, I knew it was, it kind of came and went.
Yes, I knew that.
It was beat mania three.
Cause I've done beat mania and I've done excuse me.
I ate something funny and now I have the burps.
Um, beat mania three is, um, the followup to the beat mania series, um, by Konami.
Um, it came out in two, actually, um, the first one came out in March of 2000.
Um, the last one, which was beat mania three, the final came out in 2002 and had five releases
though in that two year period.
So, um, the awesome thing about beat mania three, it actually, and I really liked this.
It had like 10 speakers in the cabinet.
You had four mid range that were stacked vertically on either side of the screen, two
subwoofers and every time, and no matter where you went to play it, it was always turned
to the fuck down.
This is a game that needs volume.
Hello.
Um, although you could also play with headphone jacks.
Um, and it actually, two players could bring their own headphones to use their own jacks.
Um, however it doesn't, uh, disable the external speakers.
Um, it had, um, something, and this is actually something that made it into 2DX later on,
was the, um, uh, major effector panel.
Instead of just having the one effector button like the first beat mania did.
So you had, um, echo, low pass, high pass, uh, phaser, volume based.
I've always mispronounced this, flanger, flanger, lo-fi, a few others like that.
Um, and it could be, uh, applied to the background or just the sounds or both.
Um, and of course you could increase the intensity of it.
So, um, and sometimes it's the only thing that made some of these things audible.
It also introduced the foot pedal.
So each player got a foot pedal.
Um, you can, um, use it to turn on or off of the, um, effectors in normal play.
Some songs do have a, uh, a foot version that adds another column with a green note
that you play with the foot pedal.
Um, you can also set the foot pedal so that it can function as any one of the five keys.
I would be really happy if it would have functioned as the spin for really crazy spins
because it's kind of hard sometimes.
It also had a floppy drive in it.
It had a three and a half inch floppy drive.
And now it does have to be formatted for NTFS, um, but it would record your scores on it
and save your status.
Um, and then you could use it in the game again, you know, if you wanted to keep track
of the scores or you could look at your scores on your own computer.
Um, the disc is also required to unlock secret songs or game modes on some of the versions
of the games.
So the various versions that came out is we had Beatmania 3, Beatmania 3 append core remix,
Beatmania 3 append 6 mix, Beatmania 3 append 7th mix and Beatmania the final.
Which to be perfectly honest, I'd say Beatmania the final is probably the best of them.
It's the one I've certainly seen the most of and played the most of.
So, um, of course we've never had, uh, I mean some of the songs have been in home releases,
but we've never actually had a Beatmania 3 dedicated home release.
So if you want to get your Beatmania 3 on, good luck.
Find an arcade or go to California Extreme like they have every July.
Or domain like everyone else is doing.
Not that we endorse that, but the reality is if Konami is going to make it hard to find,
then I'd like to find a way to, cause you know, I still have two, five key controllers.
So if I could find like a little converter deal, so I can use my five key controllers.
Then again, I'd probably just go back to playing BM 98, like back in the day.
I have a few of those PlayStation controllers.
Nice.
It'll be worth a try with it.
All right.
My five key controllers are all old PlayStation.
There it is.
Your classic gift of the week, Beatmania 3.
Not to be confused with third mix, just Beatmania 3 that came and then went.
But 2DX still around.
Beatmania 2 deluxe is still around all these years later on there.
What, what are they on?
Like their 26th?
I don't even, I lost fucking count at some point anyway.
Cause they started naming them all.
Uh, I only remember Linkle cause it's also the name of a character in Hyrule Warriors.
It's pretty bad ass.
All right.
We're going to take a break, but when we come back, we got plenty more orange later.
Orange lounge radio to come, including, uh, your calls at orange lounge radio on Skype.
Uh, we're going to do a release dates, uh, the mailbag, and we'll talk about nudity.
I promise when we come back with more of orange launch radio, right after this.
Welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio live tonight with episode number 735 of our
show for this June 17th of 2018, celebrating 16 years of orange lounge radio.
Also taking a look back at E3, but also, you know, we, we have rudely been almost two hours
into the show and have yet to say a happy father's day to all the fathers out there,
especially our own Loki.
Thank you.
And of course all the father figures, et cetera, et cetera.
You know, we don't want to leave anybody out.
Uh, cause I can, I consider myself a daddy, uh, to Mr.
Smush.
Get your mind out of the gutter.
I know a few daddies, but a happy father's day to all the daddies out there as well.
Wink.
So, you know, anyway, but no, in all seriousness, I hope everybody's having a good day.
Uh, that was the joke.
Uh, my, uh, my own dad, uh, he went to universal studios for the first time today.
I took him to the airport to go to long beach, uh, which he, he never really would fly a
lot before, but he went, he flew to long beach to visit my sister, which is where she lives.
And she took them and like long beach to, to north of LA where universal is, is not
exactly close.
So Mr.
Driven an hour up there, but they went to universal studios and I'm kind of impressed.
Now, my dad, my dad is, you know, he's, he was, when I was born, he was pushing 40.
So he's, he's like 78, 79 at this point.
So, um, he wasn't exactly going to ride all this right.
So he didn't ride the Harry Potter ride, but he did do the studio tour.
I was pretty, I was pretty happy to hear that they did all that kind of cheesy stuff.
So, uh, really cool.
So anyway, uh, looking at our chat room, uh, Rama says, since today is father's day and
OLR and OLR 16th birthday, who is OLR's dad?
Uh, it was established, uh, you might've missed it, but during the, uh, Bobby call and then
thereafter, uh, Travis Donovan would be our, our daddy.
And when you say it, you can't say he's the dad.
If I, you have to say daddy, Loki shaking his head over there.
All right.
Anyway, moving on, uh, let's get into some rapid fire news and, uh, some other video
games that you and your daddy can look forward to soon.
Loki, start us off, please.
It's disturbing, but, or as Dungeon Buster says, big daddy Donovan.
All right.
So apparently some modders of the game Bloodborne have discovered that there is a cut boss rush
mode in the game.
And these actually appeared in some test, uh, arena maps that were actually labeled
as boss rusher in Japanese.
Um, they were apparently some holy, uh, optional dungeons.
And they talked about like some of the different things that were in there that showed that
it was kind of before the game's release.
And actually some of this stuff actually had come out in one of the, I don't know if it
was an update or DLC that they had found, but they got it working a little bit to where
some of the actual bosses spawn, but it's just not finished.
Kind of neat to see, you know, that was something that was in development, but too bad it never
made the final game.
And then, um, call of duty black house four.
Oh yeah.
You may remember call of duty black house four decided that, you know, it was not going
to have a single player campaign and said, they're going the route of it's going to have
multiplayer, it's going to have a battle royale and that's that.
Well, it's also going to have a season pass because they want all of the money.
And, uh, what's going to be kind of different about this season pass, which they're calling
the black ops pass, um, is that the maps, instead of being released, it's 12 multiplayer
maps.
So in four zombie maps, instead of releasing them in map packs, like they have in previous,
you know, releases so that, because basically in order to be able to play one of these,
you have to be able to have the same maps as the person you're playing it.
So say, you know, I bought the season pass and my friend did not buy the season pass.
He would not be able to play with me unless he bought the same maps that we were going
to be playing on.
So instead of releasing these maps in map packs, which would be like four maps each
and charging a flat fee for that, they are releasing them individually.
So you have to buy, um, these individual map packs, I guess for 14 99 each, which I'm wondering,
you know, how many is going to come in these map packs in, uh, the season pass itself is
49 99 and it's apparently not going to be available.
Okay, now I'm getting confused here.
So, oh, they're talking about in the past.
Okay. So, um, the season pass or black ops pass right now, how much is that?
I'm not sure, but it's additional money on top of the game itself, but they're selling
the maps individually.
So if you want to play, instead of buying the map pass for like 14 99 for four maps,
you're going to have to buy each one individually, which is going to split the player base that
much more because, you know, I may have maps one, two, and three, and, you know, the other
person has two, three, and four, and now I can't play, you know, half of the maps with
the other person.
So that kind of sucks.
Um, and apparently the issue also is this black ops pass.
It's not going to be available after launch.
It's only a pre-order thing, apparently.
So that's a dungeon.
Buster's kind of saying in chat is that the black ops pass is literally all or nothing
and it isn't initially available at launch.
You need to spring for one of the more expensive versions to get in on it for now.
Yeah.
So that's lame.
And it, they're coming out, you know, slowly as it progresses.
I don't know.
I am really not interested in black ops four just because of this and the lack of a single
player campaign.
So I'll just wait for the best of, you know, they I'll wait for the gone sale.
The, the, the year of definitive edition.
I don't even do that anymore.
Like the, the definitive editions that they released or the previously released, it's
like, Oh, we have the first map pack in there for you.
Oh, but you got to buy the rest if you want to play all the maps.
Fuck Activision is what the moral of the story is here.
Uh, Bobby Blackwolf in chat says I actually played some of black ops three single player
campaign when it was on PlayStation plus I didn't realize it was 70 gigs.
I spent almost one 10th of my bandwidth cap on fucking call of duty.
Oh shit.
Yeah.
Good thing I haven't downloaded that yet.
All right.
Anyway, let's talk a little bit about kingdom hearts.
We already mentioned, I was going to mention here the official release date in January
2019, but we kind of covered that earlier, but maybe some of you were wondering why did
they bump it to 2019?
Well, in an interview with Tetsuya Nomura, uh, he was talking about with IGN, uh, why
this delay happened.
The timing of the release that we actually are looking at, we were told by many people,
including hardware manufacturers, marketing teams, sales teams, that it just wasn't good
timing in the year.
He also mentioned that there are differences in holiday links and store behavior in different
regions.
And I suppose that's something to consider, uh, for kingdom hearts three, the square enix
Western offices had requested to release the game as simultaneously as much as possible
between Japan and America.
So we were no longer able to just think about Japanese issues and retail situations.
Kind of an interesting point.
Kingdom hearts three is also a big deal in Japan.
Christmas is not the same thing in Japan as it is here.
I mean, you might have a lovely cake, but it's not quite that same holiday season like
we have here.
So a January, 2019 release in Japan, not as big of a deal.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
So that from that element, I'm like, okay, that actually makes a lot of sense.
Even though I was already in the camp of just get it right, bitches, just, you know, just
don't have to do all these patches post release.
Um, there were other considerations that went into January, 2019 as well.
We of course considered maybe speeding up development to release earlier than that would
when we were told that wasn't good, but the development team said, nope, we just couldn't
do that.
We could delay it, but we couldn't make it any sooner.
So they're not going to delay it obviously.
So there it is.
Uh, and they've also said on big hero six, a little tidbit.
We pretty much have finished creating all the gameplay within that world.
We're just not finished with the cut scenes yet.
They're not finished with the cut scenes and it's fucking like July or getting to get to
almost July.
By the time we have another episode, like, wow, I guess so.
I guess so.
I guess if they have the engine six, seven months, I mean, I guess that's true.
It's true.
I'm just a little surprised to hear we're not really in like, kind of like fix it all
up mode.
What are they supposed to do in seven months?
Yeah.
All right.
Anyway, uh, also one thing to keep in mind if you are looking forward to blood stained
ritual of the night, which, uh, Bradley brought up the eight spit eight bit spinoff earlier,
but obviously this is all kind of a prelude to the more symphony of the night type of
a blood stain game.
Uh, it will be releasing on Vita, but it's only going to be digital only, uh, is what
it sounds like.
And by the way, this is a little bit of a muddy issue right now because the original
report on this was actually updated after it came out saying it said on a slide that
it was Vita is digital only.
Uh, but apparently, uh, and a PR representative, uh, confirmed it, but then representatives
from bloodstain to said they're trying to make Vita copies for backers working, uh,
even though Sony is apparently ending physical media production for the platform in the West.
So it sounds like the issue is a little bit more complicated, but it sounds like it's
going to be a lot easier to get digitally than it will anywhere else.
Um, so there you go.
But blood stain, I'm looking forward to it.
I don't know if the Vita would have been my platform of choice, but I know a lot of
people, uh, really love the Vita, but, uh, I think a lot of people have moved on to Vita's
successor, uh, the Nintendo switch.
Anyway, dark Sakura.
Uh, what do you have for us in a rapid fire toast?
Yay.
And not avocado.
Even though it was on the menu at that place, I almost ordered avocado toast because even
though I'm turning 40, some days I want to be a millennial.
Xenial.
I'm never going to use that term, but you just did.
All right.
Anyway, I was using it ironically.
That was so hipster of me.
I know.
Fine.
Um, anyway, um, there is a Sonic the Hedgehog toaster that is on the, um, Sega store, Sega
shop, sorry.
Um, it's $35.
And if a thousand people don't order one, no one's getting one.
So if you want your toaster to burn Sonic's face onto your Wonder bread, then.
I kind of do.
Got a toast fast.
Although I do have a Hello Kitty toaster that I've used maybe twice in my life.
I have a nice toaster.
It's by like a normal company and it's red and matches my fucking kitchen.
We have a toaster oven that we use for pretty much everything.
As I'm sure a lot of people do.
I linked the link to the toaster in the chat room.
It's okay.
So according to this, that if everyone does that, they've sold 561 out of a thousand.
And if they sell them, they're going to ship by October 1st.
But only if they make the a thousand, if they don't do a thousand, nobody gets any good.
No Sonic.
Wow.
Talk about a book or a page out of Konami's book.
Wheel of bullshit.
You'll just have to wait for somebody to come out with the unofficial Sanic toaster.
You know what I'll do?
I will slice up some avocado and put it into a pastry bag and draw a fucking Sonic myself.
And it will look a bajillion.
It'll look like Sonic adventure, Sonic, and not just like the Sonic team logo.
Then my toast will have avocado on it.
I'm not sure.
Who said that's your fucking toast?
That's my toast, bitch.
My toast is going to have delicious avocado with Sonic's face.
You make your own goddamn sandwich.
That's right.
You can make yours out of mustard.
That's I feel like it will make you some whipped butter and you can have a yellow Sonic.
Not that I ever want to have Biggs the cat.
Not that I ever want to talk about Jamie's obituary, but you know,
like years and years and years from now, I feel like the obituary should say, you know,
Jamie, last name, such and such day, such and such date, and then put,
you can make your own goddamn sandwich.
That's it.
I want that to be if, if I don't do my, my tree pod burial in a protected land.
Cause you know that if you, if your body is buried on a reserve,
then that becomes a federally protected land that cannot be overridden.
True story.
So that's, what's going to happen to me, but you can make like
my temporary grave marker say, fuck your toast.
Your Memorial.
Or as Act Deft and Jack says, uh, Oh, bitch you airy.
Obituary.
That just reminds me of a really bad joke I learned in the eighties.
Now, you know, I'm going to ask.
Okay.
So the bear walks into a bar and he's like, I want some vodka.
And the, uh, bartender, the bartender says, we don't serve bears.
And the bear's like, well, if you don't give me some vodka,
I'm going to eat this woman over here.
Bartender's like, we still don't serve bears.
So the bear ate the lady and the bartender's like, and so the bear's like,
okay, give me some fucking vodka now.
And he's like, I can't, we don't serve, uh, drug users.
What the bear says that was a bar bitch.
You ate, I hate it.
I heard that in elementary school.
Oh God.
Oh, Hey, sorry.
Everybody.
Oh, LR is canceled.
I hope we had a great run.
Really great with that is where I draw as father as his father's day.
That was the ultimate of dirty dad jokes.
There you go.
All right.
Oh, LR is canceled.
Good night.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Bite my butt.
I can tell you the one about the foo poo bird.
No, no more jokes.
Don't you have a story on soul caliber?
Well, you know why the clock is considered a bad person to have at a buffet?
He goes back four seconds.
What do you do with a chemist when he dies?
Stop it.
Bury him.
Okay.
So the other piece of news I'll just do it quick is so caliber six has a release date.
It's what happens when you started working with drew.
I know it.
I know it.
No, no, he did this to you.
He did this to you.
That joke predates his birth.
Oh my God.
He's learned how to time travel.
Some of the jokes I learned from my uncle and my uncle for not having any kids is definitely
the master of dad jokes.
Soul caliber six.
You need to look at chat at some point.
I am sad to announce the cancellation of orange lounge radio.
16 years was a great run.
After 16 years, we've reached peak status.
Oh, Bobby did one of my favorites.
Bobby black will show will be four hours every Sunday night.
Bobby said, do you want to hear a joke about sodium?
Nah, please.
For the love of God.
Do I was trying to, and then you were harassing me.
Mr. Smoosh, come tell you.
I was harassing you.
Come tell your daddy to STF years have been physically assaulted with a deadly pepper.
Anyway, so caliber six has a release date of October 19th, 2018.
They put out a story mode trailer, which I haven't watched because I've been interested
in soul caliber since two.
Um, and, uh, yeah.
Soul caliber on PlayStation four, Xbox one and PC.
So caliber four was pretty good and I can't wait for six.
I feel like the even numbered ones are good.
Soul caliber, by the way, introduced a very crazy in joke in my house.
Not a pun.
We just used to give everyone weird names, but the only one of them that is stuck is
Bob Astor off.
I'm Bob.
Bob Astor off.
You may know me from such games as soul Cal.
We would do like these whole intros as Bob Astor off in my house.
It was just me and Dan.
So Bob Astor off.
All right.
I'll remember that.
It's better than the other jokes.
Nightmare.
All right.
I, we would do like, like Julia Sofia would just come up with like crazy names.
So anyway, that's all.
But then I think a Tekken when you bring up Julia, Julia Chang was great.
Anyway.
All right.
And then she decided to be a wrestler.
She'd had her costume.
Let's travel around the world and check out some games.
We'll be playing a little sooner than soul caliber six.
All right.
And we should go to the end of the month for this since we're not going to be here.
Uh, yeah, we can do that if you want to go over a couple of weeks.
All right.
It's not gonna be much more, but let's do it.
Uh, the lost child is coming out in the switch PlayStation four in the Vita.
A game called Musenix.
Musenix.
I thought that's what I take when I have a cold.
It's like Muse musics.
They spelled it really wrong.
It's a rhythm game.
It's coming out on the switch.
Mustnix Vegas party on the switch.
It's a card game.
And then we've got Mario tennis aces on the switch and new Gundam breaker on PlayStation four.
And then we've got, um, the following week, the blob remastered on the switch hunting
simulator on the switch.
Do we really have to label everything as a simulator?
Because obviously if you're playing a hunting game on a console, it's probably not hunting
real animals.
Um, and then of course, luminous remastered that's coming out on PC, Xbox one, the only
thing I need near automata on Xbox one.
The other thing I need, which is an Android simulator, uh, the awesome adventures of captain
spirit on PC, PlayStation four and Xbox one.
That's free and ease eight, uh, like Ramosa Donna on the switch.
And then if we're going to finish up the month, then let's just go ahead and do MotoGP 18.
Crash bandicoot insane trilogy on PC switch and Xbox one, the crew two on PC, PlayStation
four and Xbox one, the Vita, which is going to be getting, um, psychedelic, uh, of the
ashen Hawk.
And that's a visual novel surprise.
And then finally on the switch Wolfenstein two, the new Colossus.
Okay.
And if they can do Wolfenstein two, the new Colossus, which is an excellent game that
maybe they can do fallout for.
Did you mention on tempest?
4,000 is coming out on PlayStation four on June 26.
I didn't realize that it was also coming out on my birthday on the list.
It's on my other list is my Japanese list has some other stuff from other countries.
Did you know they're making a tempest 4,000 Jamie?
I remember it's one of those things like now that I see it, I'm like, Oh yeah, that was
the thing that's happening.
So I want to check that out.
I love me some tempest.
Yeah.
All right.
Anyway, uh, let's look at Japan and some of the releases for this month.
So in Japan, we have new Gundam breaker, uh, in a regular and several different types of
limited editions because they love their limited editions over there.
That is out on June the 21st.
And then closing out the month on the 28th, we have Tonari ni Kanoujo no Uru Shiwaze
Winter Guest in a regular and limited edition out in Japan.
Tonari means like neighbor something.
Yeah.
And then Island, a game called Island is also out in Japan and that is also on the 28th.
Although oddly, um, I guess it's a worldwide release because, uh, the crew too gets a Japanese
release on June the 29th.
So that is all on the PlayStation 4.
Um, taking a look quickly at the Nintendo switch and seeing what's out there.
Uh, we have, um, uh, a mahjong game that's coming out.
I'm sure you're all excited for that on the 21st, but also a Minecraft switch release,
uh, in Japan on June the 21st.
And then we have Mario Tennis Ace on June the 22nd.
So you Waluigi fans can at least, uh, have something, uh, to hold you over.
So that is out on, uh, the same day that it comes out in the rest of the world, the 22nd of June.
And then also in Japan, a game called Sheen, uh, on June 28th, as well as Ys VIII,
Lacrimosa of Dana on, uh, the 28th as well.
How about Europe, Dark Sakura?
Mario Tennis Aces coming out on June 22nd.
Also on the 22nd is Harvest Moon, Light of Hope for Switch and PlayStation.
Um, on the 29th, moving forward, we have The Crew 2 for PlayStation and Xbox.
We have Wolfenstein 2, The New Colossus for Switch on the 29th.
Actually, the rest of these are on the 29th.
We have Song of Memories for Switch and PlayStation,
Crash Bandicoot N Sane Trilogy for Xbox, Switch, and PC.
Um, then that's it.
I almost went a little bit further, so that's all.
All right.
Let's, uh, let's go to the mailbag.
Every week you guys email us and, uh, sometimes we read them.
No, we always read them, uh, most of the time, as long as it isn't spam or something that
you say, don't read this on air.
We'll read it on air.
So, um, or like we have had some weeks where we get like eight emails all at once and sometimes
we have to edit a little bit, but this week I think we just have one or two.
So Dark Sakura is going to dive into the mailbag right now.
And if you want to send us an email, participate at orange.trader.com, especially since you
have two weeks, I would love to hear your stories about how long you've been listening
to OLR and like, if you have a favorite moment, um, from the past 16 years, or is the tweet
that we just got said, uh, what was this?
Uh, dark Tetsuya is saying, just have to say the whole joke tangent from earlier is why
I still do the show this many years later.
I got a joke for you.
There you go.
Moving on, uh, emails.
All right.
This comes from, um, Ron Chan.
Um, good afternoon, Rob, Jamie and Matt.
How are you all also happy pride.
Thank you.
Super.
Thanks for asking.
The last three or so weeks, my life has been hectic.
So I'm very thankful for podcasts.
Instead of calling in and discussing topics, we best to send an email one valve and visual
novels.
A part of me feels like valve shouldn't carry these titles.
Visual novels are more like an interactive book, like a choose your own adventure style
book.
The visual novels are akin to dating.
So I can see why they're on steam, but a lot do contain content in there.
Maybe this would just be a perfect time for, for valve to spin off a site just for that.
But valve, just like Twitch, they have a neutral slash gray area side.
When it comes to adult content, one voice actress said, censorship of sex and lobbying
against sexual material is a big reason people struggle with sex positivity.
You can find more in detail on this link.
I will put it in the chat.
Unless Ron Sean already does.
On the plus side, we do have Faku's gaming site that will handle these mature titles
as well.
Two, retro gaming.
I always said that I wanted to see Sega come back with a Linux-powered Dreamcast 2 system
with USB ports for controllers and a DVD drive that plays DVDs and GD disks.
Excuse me.
The closest that we have is the Atari VCS and the new Intellivision retro consoles.
Truth be told, I like the Atari VCS.
It's the first gaming system I ever played on.
I do kind of want one.
With the rise of retro games, I feel there's plenty of room in the ecosystem for more consoles.
They aren't competing with the big three.
I'm very skeptical of the price, but it's a wait and see for me.
It does sound like the Atari VCS will achieve what Gabe Newell tried with steam machines.
Three, PlayStation 4 to PlayStation 5.
Given that the PS4 is only five years old, I really don't believe Sony's saying that
the console is winding down to the end of reproduction cycle.
Sorry, production cycle, not reproduction.
As for the rumors of the next system going rise in, I'm not really believing that.
When the PS4 came out, it was $399.
If they go rise in, expect the price to jump to $599.
Four, JD Roth.
I remember that y'all talked about him and some of his endeavors in reality shows,
but here's a couple of things you might not have known.
He was a host of the game show fun.
We knew that.
He was a host of the game show fun house, which was similar to Double Dare.
Here's a couple of clips below.
The show spun off another series called Fox's Fun House.
I didn't grow up in the 90s.
My friend wanted me to go on that show with him and I said no.
College Madhouse and Fun House UK, which ran for 10 years.
I'll copy and paste stuff in a bit.
Nothing to confuse with TV Fun House.
Unless Rob, you would care to go into the mailbag and copy and paste all those links for me.
Uh, I can try.
I just, for the live folks, Winamp straight up crashed at the end of that song and killed the
stream.
So weird.
Great.
So we've, we've been down while you were reading most of that email, but sorry.
Well, the podcast folks hear it.
Okay.
Um, five, Microsoft.
I admit they dropped the ball on exclusive titles.
Um, they really need to play catch up on that.
As for reducing the cost of Xbox live, I doubt that since Microsoft builds and maintains the
servers for all online games on their consoles, except for MMOs, a price reduction maybe,
but nothing more than that.
Six, Battlefield.
Jamie, you nailed that.
Yeah, of course I did.
Even I learned a few new things.
The problem is that history is so selective on what's taught in public schools that some
people refuse to learn on what actually, what really happened.
No shocker there.
And by the way, I'd like to just take this moment for people to go up and just research
the night witches.
I might've brought it up on the show the other week I was here, but these were women who
would cut the power to their planes, coast in on idle and bomb the fuck out of Germany.
The official Reddit for the battlefield thing foot, put their foot down this week and said,
no more posts about historical inaccuracy.
Shut up.
Basic in a nutshell.
This is battlefield.
We're talking about a game where it's very known that people eject out of their plane,
shoot someone with a rocket launcher and land back in their plane and fly away.
Come on.
I did that yesterday.
I think that's it.
Oh yeah.
One more thing.
Rob Loki was right.
I'm disappointed in you.
I think you should look up gravitation, uh, Yurikama Arashi and Dramatical Murder.
Oh, if you want to know more about some grade A yaoi titles, just ask Mako-chan.
Uh, I'll just stick to like X-tube.
For the record, for the record, I do have like episodes of like D gray man and, you
know, uh, sensitive pornography.
I just didn't know there were video games out.
I didn't know it went all the way to clearly I'm aware there's a whole convention.
I'm aware there's manga.
I'm aware that if you think of it, it exists.
However, I was not aware there was a video game.
That's all.
That's all.
That was the, that was the news to me.
I'm glad it's there.
Do you want to watch little boys touching each other?
No.
Good.
That's the right answer.
Yeah, that's it.
I do not like the was, they call it shota creepy.
Um, yeah, that's it.
My apologies on bad spelling punctuations and grammar.
Actually, dude, your article, your email is pretty nice.
I knew that there was more I wanted to talk about, but it's been,
but it's been three weeks and I have spent three or days.
I guess that should be three or more flops.
The grammar right at the end, working on this email at work.
Cause y'all are worth it.
See you all on the flip side.
Rama.
He has an exclamation point.
Run.
I don't know what else.
There was a lot to cover in this email here.
Um, I, I still think there's going to be changes with Xbox live, but I don't know.
Maybe, maybe Microsoft's going to try to position this a different way,
especially the studio acquisitions really change a lot.
So we'll see.
I still think if they really want to have an impact, they would merge that.
And their past that Xbox game pass, I think would really say a lot.
Uh, that's, that's all.
Um, but then, uh, what else?
The, uh, PlayStation four to PlayStation five and that whole thing.
I think it's all 2020 at this point.
I don't think next year, next year you might get some teases,
but I think 2020 is going to be the year it all goes down.
But not Nintendo, although Nintendo, I would anticipate is going to do a switch
deluxe or like some type of, you know, how they do the new 3DS.
There'll be something with the switch in a couple of years.
But anyway, last email.
Cause we got one in the interim.
Okay.
Uh, good evening you guys.
Well, E3 is done for another year.
Some surprises, some shockers.
I know quite a few games have gotten my interest.
Excuse me.
Nioh 2, Sekiro Shadows Die Twice, Control, Resident Evil 2 remake.
I'm actually kind of looking forward to that.
Rage 2, Forza Horizon 4, Cuphead, The Last Course DLC,
Ghost of Tsushima, Metal Wolf Chaos, and Battlefield 5 for starters.
I thought the press conferences weren't as good in previous years.
Maybe it's because the overall delivery wasn't great.
Change of venue that set the tone or something, who knows.
The Sony presentation of The Last of Us 2 got people mad quiet when it ended.
I was surprised that, I was surprised that barely applauded.
Xbox is still hurting for exclusives and Nintendo did a great job.
Anyways, that's just my thoughts on it.
Take care of yourselves, needle crash.
There was a lot for the press conferences that were missing.
I think, I think is maybe where some of your thoughts are.
That's where I'm kind of at is I'm like, no Soul Calibur, no Red Dead.
You know, I said this earlier in the show.
It seems like there was a lot that weren't at the press conferences.
So that was kind of surprising.
But otherwise, I think we kind of, we kind of well went over our thoughts earlier,
but I appreciate you sharing yours.
And to clarify with The Last of Us, everything outside of the game looked great.
Like those scenes in the barn were really well done.
Like I'm almost, I wish it just weren't so gory and realistic.
Like I'm just not here for that.
Sorry.
Am I, am I old?
Maybe.
All right.
Rob.
What?
You have a week before you're old.
A couple weeks.
No, you're not.
No, I'm not.
I'm not.
I know I'm not.
It's just one of those, you know, it's just not for me.
Age is a number.
Yeah.
Experience is the real teacher.
I'm okay with like a little bit of violence in games.
Like I'm looking, I'm looking right at my copy of Rise of the Tomb Raider on Xbox One,
sitting right here.
Tomb Raider games can sometimes be a little intense.
They can get a little, you know, a little bloody and stuff.
Lara Croft and the terrible, no good, very bad day.
There's no fucking disembowelment in those games.
You know what I mean?
That's like in your face like that.
It's just that there's always the sequel.
I know.
Well, there is a sequel coming.
Who knows?
Well, they'll do in that.
So anyway.
All right.
Thank you for the emails.
Send us more.
Participate at orange lounge radio.com.
Until then, we have more stories for you guys before we get to the Skype line at orange
lounge radio.
Loki.
Let's talk about nudity.
Let's all right.
So Cyberpunk 2077 is going to have the nudity.
Woohoo!
And because CD Projekt Red said,
Nudity is important for us because of one reason.
It's important for me too.
This is Cyberpunk.
So people augment their body.
So the body is no longer sacred.
It's profane.
And because people modify everything, they're losing their connection to their body to the
meat.
And that's why we need to use nudity in many situations.
Whatever you have to do to justify it.
Sure.
Sure, guys.
So yes, there'll be nudity in the game and looks interesting.
And we're talking, we're talking lady nudity and boy nudity.
Yeah.
All nudity.
Equal opportunity nudity.
When the kind of augments are we talking about?
That's buy the game and find out.
No, it looks really good.
Is there going to be a booby slider and a dick slider?
I don't think it works that way.
I don't think it does either.
No, it's very much like the Cyberpunk tabletop game or like the RPG.
So you have different stats and stuff.
Sure.
But I really am looking forward to this game.
It looks really good.
Yeah.
Apparently a lot of people that went and saw the presentation because they did like a theater
presentation, apparently a lot of people were really impressed.
And I remember going to see the Witcher 3 presentation at one of the last E3s I went to.
And I was impressed then.
I remember walking out of that going, that was like a goddamn movie.
And we just saw the Witcher.
And that was like, like that was a game that was not on my radar at that point.
And then after that, I was like that I remember that I don't usually go the art direction
and that was really fucking good.
But I walked out of the Witcher 3 going the art direction.
And that was really fucking good.
Yeah.
I haven't played the Witcher 3 or any of the other Witcher games.
I may have to try that.
You should try Witcher 3.
It's pretty.
And I say that to myself too.
I played a little bit, but not nearly enough.
I really need to like, instead of going back and playing more Diablo or playing Final Fantasy
12 again or so, I need to go back and fucking force myself to play the Witcher 3.
Cause it is, it is very, um, or Fallout store and Grand Theft Auto.
Yes, or Fallout 4.
All right.
Anyhow, um, or maybe I could play this game cause this might be something that's coming.
Now take this with a big grain of salt because it's coming from user forums.
Oh no, not user forums.
I know, I know.
But there's a lot of buzz around the fact that Konami was showing something at E3 behind
closed doors that was under an NDA.
There's a lot of, there's a lot of buzz and it's going to be revealed soon.
A lot of buzz.
It's another Castlevania game, um, that it is something that actually Konami could be
doing to counteract bloodstain, which seems like a real Dick move in many ways.
You know what I mean?
Cause like they're pretty Dick company nowadays.
I guess so, but, um, which I don't know how you counter it.
The only way you counter it is to get the jump on it.
So if they're about to announce a Castlevania game, then they're going to say like, this
thing is almost done and coming out like now.
But the other thing that they say goes with this, and I guess this comes from the same
leaker that had said Ridley and Ice Climbers are back in Super Smash Brothers.
Um, this same leaker is saying Simon Belmont is an unannounced character in Super Smash
Brothers Ultimate, which I, I I'd fucking love that honestly.
And you know, even though you probably go, well Castlevania, Nintendo, go way back to
the NES days and Castlevania three was on the classic NES class, uh, super, super Castlevania
four on the super NES.
So it's not like Nintendo Konami's like Castlevania's relationship, like went anywhere.
So yes, I'm in Belmont.
Fuck.
Yeah.
That's something I associate with.
It's back.
So why not?
Why not?
Exactly.
So from that standpoint, it makes a lot of sense.
I, it does feel a little bit fanfic to me.
Um, but I'm saying I'm not going to expect it.
I'm going to take it with a huge grain of salt.
I would love to see Konami bring back Castlevania, I guess.
I mean, they got to do it right.
And it's going to be weird with Igarashi not there, but I'll give them the benefit of the
doubt.
Apparently also the Castlevania thing could be being held back a little bit because of
the anime.
That also makes a lot of sense.
Netflix's Castlevania anime is doing pretty well.
Why not revisit?
I just was browsing Netflix the other day.
I'm like, Oh yeah, that's on there.
Yeah.
Totally forgot about that.
So well, and Bob, Bob coffee and chat says, Konami making a new game lulz.
You forget though, that bomber man game that they did for the switch release did pretty
well.
It exceeded expectations.
Now, I think the reason for that is there wasn't a lot of games that released besides
Zelda, the PlayStation four and Xbox one versions.
Do you know that it's on those systems?
Yes.
But I mean, that game did very well, I think because it came out at a really good time,
but whatever the reason, bomber man kind of exceeded expectations.
So I think this is making Konami kind of take a second look at the retro library, which
we've been fucking saying for 10 years, but whatever.
Finally, what is it with game companies getting the memo?
Like three years to one game in the retro library that could use another release.
Does it start with dance?
It does start with dance.
Does it start with beat?
All right.
Both at the same time.
You better not say it starts with beat because then they might confuse that as, Oh, new beat
and groovy.
Yeah.
Good point.
Good point.
All right.
Oh, as Joe and her Matt two points out, uh, bomber man is an assist trophy and smell that
what they did go out of their way to show that.
So, you know, Konami and, and, uh, Nintendo are still friends.
So we'll see.
Uh, Bob coffee says the next season of Castlevania anime is supposed to drop in July.
Maybe news will drop at anime expo or later in July at San Diego comic con.
I think games come, they're announcing, Oh, and by the way, the new, the new playable
character master chief in his fucking cross play with the X bar and the ceiling opens
up and Mike's fall from the ceiling.
No, I don't think that will happen.
And then all of a sudden Gabe tumbles from the ceiling goes, sorry about steam, but half
life three, that won't happen because that will involve apologizing for steam.
All right.
A few more stories for you guys before the Skypline dark soccer.
What do you have for us?
Speaking of animes, right?
Yeah, well, um, trigger in Arc system and we know Arc system works has done, um, guilty
year blaze blue and recently dragon ball fighter Z they're doing a kill a kill game.
I am down for this because I fucking love kill a kill.
Remember fashion, fashion kills fashion is murder.
Um, so yeah, I don't know if it's going to be a fighting game.
It just says that it's kill a kill the game.
Um, they say that it should be published in 2019, so we'll see what happens when it happens,
but I'm still happy.
As long as we have like little Omake scenes with Mako in it, I'd be, be pretty, pretty
entertained.
Um, but it's, it's described as kill a kill battle action.
This doesn't say if it's going to be a fighting game or what type of, you know, I would assume
it's a fighting game since it's Arc system, but still whatever it is.
I guess Arc system works are saying in chat is publishing it, but the people behind little
witch academia are making it.
Okay.
Yeah.
Well, we'll see.
I'm looking at their English website right now and huh, this is awesome.
I fucking love kill a kill.
I freaking cried at the end of kill a kill.
So it was great.
All right.
Uh, Loki, I know you, I know you didn't put this on your show row request thread, but
I was like, I know he's going to want to talk about it.
Of course I want to talk about it.
So you may remember we talked about the Bethesda conference and one of the jokes that was in
there was the Skyrim, very special edition, which was, you know, playing Skyrim on Alexa.
Right.
And that's hilarious.
Yeah.
It's hilarious because you know, it was a funny video and stuff.
But we just couldn't leave it at that, but you were disappointed.
You were like, I want this to be real.
But at that point it was not just leave the joke at that.
They had to go 100% with the joke.
And yes, it is a real thing.
I appreciate that commitment.
You can download it to run on Alexa.
That is, that is now my favorite announcement out of Bethesda's conference.
Or if you don't happen to own an Alexa device, you can also get it through, you know, if
you get, um, through the Amazon store app on iOS or Amazon Alexa app through Android,
you can also click on Alexa and have her get that as well.
So nice.
Yes.
That's awesome.
Hooray for silly jokes.
It is free.
Yay.
Free 99.
My favorite price.
So go check it out.
All right.
Just try not to knock all your furniture over like that dude did in the trailer.
And then the wife or whoever that was supposed to be comes in and goes, will that thing clean
that shit up?
That was my favorite.
All right.
Anyway, um, one more news story for you guys.
And, uh, you know, we aren't going to be here next week, so I don't want you guys to forget.
But games done quick is going to get started.
So you know what?
I am totally fine with the fact that we're going to take a week off.
So the games done quick can do their thing.
We're going to step aside, um, summer games done quick.
It gets underway on June 24th.
It's happening in Minnesota.
It's running through July 1st.
If you want to attend in person, uh, you can go to the double tree Hilton in Bloomington,
Minnesota, and that's where it's going to be.
And it's cost $65 if you registered early, but they do have an attendance cap.
Uh, but I'm sure most of you are going to be watching on Twitch.
So check that out, uh, next week, although Bobby would like to, uh, you all to remember
he still will be live.
So you should still listen to him.
Yes, you should.
But you could, I think Bobby, it would be permissible if at least they listen to the
podcast at some point in the week, Bobby's been really good about getting his podcast
up within a couple of days.
So at least listen to Bobby at some point during the week, if you're not going to be
here live on Sunday night, just like we would hope you would listen to a OLR on the podcast.
If you could not be here live.
Uh, and I'm sure Bobby will tell you about what's going on in Summer Games Done Quick.
And hopefully whatever game they're doing, maybe he'll luck out.
They'll be doing a transition during that time or something.
Setting up for something big.
I don't know.
Anyway, but there you go.
Summer Games Done Quick is coming up and, uh, I didn't, oh, I didn't catch the charity.
Uh, what charity are they raising money for this time?
You guys know, where is it?
Doctors Without Borders.
It's always Doctors Without Borders.
Uh, it is, well, they say that in their history, but I want to know, oh yeah, no, it is.
Charity is Doctor Without Borders, but they have done Prevent Cancer Foundation.
I think that's their winner one.
I know they do one in the summer, one in the winter.
So Doctors Without Borders is the charity.
That's important to get out there too, because technically you could donate to that charity
without this event, but I'm pretty sure it will be a big incentive.
All right, let's open up the Skype line.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
If you want to get in and call, um, I may be limiting the length of some of the calls
tonight just so we can get through.
So please don't take it as a personal offense if I limit your call a little bit, just to
make sure we get through everybody that wants to call, assuming people do want to call.
It is the 16th anniversary, not to guilt you, but, um, we're not going to be here next week.
Anyway, Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
Do we have any last minute stories we want to squeeze in while we wait?
Um, yeah, I was going to talk about Netflix is going to be getting, um, more gaming on
the platform.
Not really Netflix.
Yeah, not really necessarily gaming per se, but you remember that they've done some of
these like interactive storybook type things.
So they have a Minecraft story mode, um, is licensed to do five interactive narrative
series that are going to be coming out this fall.
So they have that.
I like that.
Let's get to the calls.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is Reginator.
Hey buddy, what's your question for us tonight?
Uh, well, no, before I get to my camera, I just want to call tonight.
So I do want to encourage you to, to try to get to it as fast as you can.
Uh, well, I was just going to say, you know, congratulations on 16 years of, uh, you know,
of doing the show.
Thank you.
Uh, it now for my question now is, you know, uh, considering the main focus of tonight's
show has been, uh, E3, um, was there anything, uh, that you were kind of sort of hoping
that would be, uh, talked about in any, any of the press conferences that wasn't, uh,
or maybe something that you were, you know, kind of sort of knew something about, but
they make appearance or maybe some kind of surprise that, um,
for me, it would be final fantasy 16.
I was really convinced this was going to be the year they would give us a peek at it.
Um, I thought maybe we'd get a more traditional final fantasy, uh, like, like final fantasy
nine style or, or, you know, four style maybe in the engine of 15, but I guess that's kind
of what the remake is supposed to be.
So, and maybe I think in many ways, final fantasy seven remake is final fantasy 16.
Not that I think they're going to rebrand it as that, but I feel like we're not going
to progress in the final fantasy series until this seven remake happens, which is starting
to make me resent this remake a little bit.
So I really hope they figure it out and get this out.
I mean, obviously I want it to be good, but I want them to also move on with the main
games.
So, um, there is that.
Um, but, uh, let's see, otherwise I guess I would join the echoes of people on the switch
and I'm sure Jamie's in this camp too.
I was really hoping to hear about animal crossings future and thought that this might be the
year for that.
And, uh, to come up short on that and maybe, maybe that that peak at Metroid prime four
would have been nice.
Uh, Jamie, Loki, anything you want to add?
Think thing you, you wish you would have heard of at E3 that you didn't.
Borderlands three.
Yeah.
That's a good call.
Where the hell was that?
Very good call animal crossing.
That's it.
Yeah.
That's all I care about.
Uh, quickly.
Reginator anything in your camp that you, you were hoping for?
Um, two answers, a serious answer.
Maybe, you know, some of the third party companies would resurrect some of their somewhat forgotten
a series like Namco Bandai bringing back, uh, no, uh, what's my call it?
Uh, they're, uh, they're one racing series, uh, Ridge racer and not, not like, uh, the
Ridge racer and bothered crap, you know, style game, but more true to form PlayStation one
games, games like, uh, our four or, uh, or, you know, the earlier titles check out horizon
four though.
I'm I'm gonna, they don't pay me to push that series, but I love me some fours of horizon.
So if you like your arcade racers, uh, put your eyes over there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
In fact, I got that recently on the original 360, um, and the game was pretty good.
Um, no, it was for a joke cancer.
I would have loved to have seen a game.
You'll come out on stage, drop pants with, uh, you know, a half-life tattooed on his
nether regions and him giving everyone the fingers and sucking, you know, motherfuckers
or whatever.
I know.
I'd rather not see that either, but yeah, I understand.
If something like that is going to happen, it has to be extra.
So, uh, I appreciate the calls, uh, rage Nader.
Thank you so much and take care.
Okay.
Yep.
Have a good one.
You too.
Uh, orange launch radio.
All one word on Skype.
If you want to get through, uh, act F says no Kirby game.
E3 ruined.
Did you just get a fucking Kirby game?
Yeah, there was a Kirby game.
They just, will you let us F zero fans have a moment?
Just like the people complaining about wasn't fucking had a Kirby game.
I'm getting a star Fox game.
Oh my God.
What do you think this is?
Call of duty where you get a new game every year.
Act F put a frown face.
Fine.
I'll get, you know what?
Act F I'll meet you halfway.
I would have enjoyed a new Kirby golf game.
How about that?
All right.
We got another call coming in.
Hi, you're on orange launch radio.
Who's this?
Hey, what's going on?
It's Ranya.
Hey Rama.
You're now I can see that you're not calling from a Dixie cup.
I think that microphone, your gain is like really high up on that.
It's really busted.
I think that's what's up.
Well, I've had trouble with it lately, so I think it's with my setup, but my systems
is low over here for an update.
So that's not here nor there, but I only turn on the webcam for two reasons.
I already saw what you got in your hand.
I know it's coming.
I can't wait.
My favorite, my favorite.
This is a bottle of, is that vodka?
No, this is Puerto Rican rum, my friend.
Oh, even guys, Puerto Rican rum.
So as you can see, he's opening it up.
This is the type I don't need to do heroes of the storm commentating.
I want to do people drinking, commentating.
So, uh, this lovely man on our cam right now is pouring a shot of that rum into a little
shot glass.
It's a, it's a plain shot glass.
I don't see a logo or anything on it.
Oh, there's a real flavor similar to Final Fantasy on there.
So I don't know if you see it that well.
I see it.
It's one of those frosted glass things.
Okay.
It's a, it's a plain shot glass, you know, to remind you that we don't have anything
branded that we sell.
All right.
Let the man make a toast.
Well, I will say that I have no problem doing shots while doing a live stream.
You know, I got nothing else better to do, but to have a great 16th from the younger
brother at anime jam session.
So thank you so much.
Which means that since Travis is getting all the car, you have to drive us around.
Uh, Rama, I'm going to need you to do another shot.
I already gave you shit over, over your alley.
Don't, don't get me started tonight.
Rama, it's my birthday.
It's my 16th birthday.
It's my party.
So I'm going to need him to do another shot because I was waiting for the here's to you
and here's to me.
That's all right.
He knows where I'm going.
All right, here we go.
I got the man to take another shot.
I love it.
He's pouring himself a second shot.
And I, all I see is his lips going motherfucker.
This is why I love you.
Here's to you.
Here's to me.
The best of friends we'll ever be.
If we should ever happen to disagree, well, then thank you.
And here's to me.
Thank you, sir.
That was, that was the toast I was waiting for my friend.
I held up on the toast cause you were cutting it for time.
I didn't want to take up any more time, but I guess this is an exception to the rule.
Actually, Rob, I'm going to need you to do one more shot.
No, I'm kidding.
We would do at the end of D and D that actually was in mass effect.
Um, here's to us.
Who's like us.
Damn few.
And they're all dead.
All right.
Rama drink responsibly.
I know you do.
Thank you so much.
You know what?
I, you have been listening to this show for a very, very, very long time and I appreciate
you so much.
And, uh, I, the show that you guys do makes me proud y'all.
And we appreciate it.
And like you said at the top of the show, we're all like family.
We've been here for each other.
Y'all have been there for the past year.
My mother, you have been there when my ex dumped me and other cool things.
So I, you know how much I really appreciate having this show.
So, Hey, why we appreciate having you as part of the fam.
All right.
Hey, that's all that matters.
So I'm going to be on my nose a little way now.
All right.
One more shot.
It'll help you sleep.
Take care, buddy.
Bye my friend.
All right.
We'll try to squeeze in one more call.
If you can get in here, orange lounge radio, all one word on Skype.
If you want to give us a call.
By the way, I just got a text message from our buddy, uh, Brad at pod culture who said
no fireball in the house.
Cause that's his go-to drink, but cracking a cold one for OLR.
And this sounds good.
Uh, dark soccer.
I think you'd be into this too.
It's like a pineapple.
It's an apple pineapple, hard cider.
That's very similar to the mimosa you had earlier.
You know what I'm making though right now?
I'm infusing vodka with, um, fresh plums and cherries.
A little bit of it.
Cause I can't have much, but I, of course I also have grapefruit soju at home.
Right.
Well, you could always invite me over to drink and Guinness and then sleep on the couch and
some belching beaver peanut butter milk stout.
All right.
Last call for calls.
Orange lounge radio, all one word on Skype.
Let me check in.
If there's any other last minute stories we want to get to.
Nope.
Don't have anything.
No, nothing.
All right.
Uh, looking at our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Um, let's see.
Um, dark to see you saying Rob over here trying to get Rama drunk.
That's what I do.
Uh, Brad from pod culture also in chat says, uh, it's fucking tasty.
Sia Tabiri says apple pen, pineapple pen cider.
Way to go meme from a year ago.
Rob, I'm gonna have to take you to up cider in San Francisco.
It's nothing but cider.
Nothing but yummy from all over the world.
Many of them on tap, but they had a black bear, uh, a blackberry cider
from Spain that was to die for.
Nice.
I will have to take you there.
Um, unfortunately, you know, my July is booked solid.
Who says I have to take you there now?
I know.
I know me, but, uh, my July is booked pretty solid at least Saturdays.
Cause there's rehearsals coming up.
I should plug this for anybody who is local in Northern California.
We are going to be doing clue the movie.
That's right.
The old school movie from 1985 with Tim Curry, Madeline Kahn,
clue the movie live on stage and on screen.
So it's like a Rocky horse style shadow cast.
And you ready for this?
I don't even know if I should be saying this on the show.
You ready?
I am unretired because I stopped performing in these shows a few years ago.
I still host them.
I host them all the time, but I stopped performing in them.
I unretired to do this role.
I'm going to be playing.
Mrs. Peacock in clue.
So if you're local, I really, we bought makeup today.
Yes, we did.
We went out and bought makeup.
I bought, I brought one of my best gal pals out to go make up shopping with me.
So check that out.
All right.
Anyway, uh, the Skype line is not lighting up anymore.
So I hope you guys will at least tweet us at OLR or maybe, uh, leave us, uh, an email
participate at orange lounge radio.com.
But again, you know, we've already gotten a little heavy tonight, but I really want
to thank all you guys for your support over the past 16 years.
Thank you so much for helping orange launch radio be the show that it is today.
If you liked what you heard here at OLR, give us all your money.
No, I'm, I'm, I'm kidding.
We don't usually end the show with that, but, uh, I will say in, in lieu of, uh, you
know, uh, whatever money giving source I would give you here, I would say, help us
spread the word.
Um, tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word because orange launch radio is just show where every gamer
has a voice.
But if the voices aren't here, we can't hear them.
Uh, a nice five star, we're just hearing voices, a nice five star review on a place
like iTunes or Google play podcasts or wherever it is you heard this show.
Those go an awful long way.
You guys, you really can't underestimate the power of those good reviews.
So please, please take a moment to leave us those reviews would really appreciate it.
Um, let's go around and wrap it up.
Bradley.
I know I didn't get to talk to you a lot past the introduction, but I saw you, I saw
you playing on your 3DS over there.
I hope, uh, I hope you had a good time.
How was it?
It was good.
It's good to have you here just for support, especially since I know you were one of the
faces that was here early on in OLR history.
What do you think?
Let me ask you this.
We'll leave on this.
What, what, what do you think's changed the most in 16 years here on this show from
what you've observed in the past to now?
It's hard thing to think about, uh, the format of course.
And, and of course the game industry and how, how much indies have grown up and all
that kind of stuff.
That's true.
Indies self publishing has, was not a thing that was around when this show started.
Well, PC was one thing, but you didn't even have as critical as I've been esteem.
That wasn't even around, you know, all those years ago.
You know what I mean?
So yeah.
Yeah, it's true.
Indies have come a long, long way.
It's a good, uh, good, good headline.
Anyway, any final thoughts or any final things you want to get out here, Bradley?
Not really.
All right.
Fair enough.
I would, I would, thank you.
Thank you for being here.
Thank you for sharing in the fun.
Um, let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
Um, Loki, I'll start with you.
Um, my final thought is that, I don't know.
I wish I have energy to work on my game this week.
Cause I sure as hell haven't had time or energy to do it cause I'm working out.
Well, I have incorporated weight training now.
So now my workouts go from 30 minutes of just, Oh, you lift weights, bro.
So now I have to do that.
Yeah.
I lift weights, weights that are very light.
Bro, you even lift.
Apparently my ass is weaker than I thought.
Like I'm like, I used to live more weight in high school and that was like nothing.
Wait.
So you start deadlifting.
You should see one of the challenges I had to do for that survivor game.
I was playing on Facebook that I didn't get very far in.
I talked about this on a previous episode.
But I had to do a thing with five pound weights where like, for like 20 minutes,
I had to have like one hand on the ground and the five pound weight up in the air.
Oh my God.
I don't know how my old ass did it.
Huh?
Five pounds?
Yeah.
It's harder than you think.
Yeah.
I used to do that with, um, kettlebells for 20 minutes.
Well, not with, with for 20 minutes, but we'd have to do, um, a 15 kilogram kettlebell.
Um, a series of them for a Turkish get up.
I had to do it while this guy in Massachusetts,
who ended up being the first one to be voted out.
He, he was doing this whole thing where he had to like
move plastic cups and stack them with nothing but his mouth.
And if I dropped, if I dropped the weight at any point, he had to start over.
Oh, so it was one of those like, you have to rely on other people not to fuck up.
It was interesting.
But anyway, well, look, you were saying.
Oh, I was just saying it takes a long time to do all that crap.
Yes, it does.
Especially if you're watching your form, which you should always be watching your form.
I'm trying to watch my form.
I need to watch my, like, I was even doing like, I started like,
I even mixed it up.
I was going to do a different type of like ab workout and thing.
And they have me do like, it's like a rush.
I think they call them like Russian turns or Russian curls or something like that.
And like, and I tried doing it.
You're supposed to like sit on your ass, like sitting down, feet are up in the air a little
bit, and then you have to turn your torso left and right.
Holding your hands together.
Yeah.
My body doesn't want to fucking do that.
It's just like, it's like, no, you can't turn.
Stretch a lot and just ease into it.
But you should always warm up before you stretch.
Just saying, because then you will, you will pull something.
All right.
Uh, my final thought is this is the last OLR of my thirties.
By the next time you hear me, I'm going to be in my forties.
And, um, you know what I look for, I, I, I really can't believe.
I'm going to be 40 years old and still doing this show, but I don't mean that in a negative
way.
Like it's, it's one of those, like, no, I know, I know I'm talking to me personally.
But I'm like, you've already lived it.
Well then maybe, maybe did you have this thought that like, I'm 40 years old and I'm still
doing all our no.
Oh, well then I guess it's just me.
So it's, you're not going to be a year older.
You're going to be a week and a half older.
I know.
I know.
It's not a big deal.
It's just a, it's just a fucking number.
I'm still the same Rob Roberts.
I'm still the gore hating Rob Roberts that I would not Chris Gore though.
Cause he's cool, but I'm not the blood and gore hating Rob Roberts.
Uh, this has nothing to do with my age.
All right.
Anyway, that's it for my final thought.
I just want to thank everybody again for the love.
Uh, last but not least ladies last dark soccer, your final thought.
Um, I am six pounds away away from having lost a hundred pounds since last October.
Congratulations.
Congratulations.
Yeah.
And since I haven't told anybody publicly what I did and people have asked and I'm just
going to go ahead and be upfront with it.
You had, I'm sure I had gastric bypass in December.
And I've had some, uh, highs and lows, but before my decision to have, it was the fact
that I could not walk due to pain in my feet and I had to stop, um, going to the gym, lifting
weights like I was in the past because of, um, a very debilitating problem with my spine.
I had no other way to do this.
And so I just want to tell everybody out there, don't think it's a cop out.
Don't think that it's a easy fix because it fucking is not.
I still suffer.
Like I had to go, you know, I was sick during the break.
I'll leave it that way.
But for any, your body's still learning what my body's doing.
Yeah.
But if you know anyone who has ever been through it, do not give them shit for it.
Be proud of them for taking that step.
It is not an easy fix at all.
It doesn't work for everybody.
It's killed some people before I was to be, you know, I've, because I've said this to
you before, I was honestly surprised when you told me you were getting it.
Cause obviously I knew I was surprised when you told me you were getting it because I
was like Jamie.
I mean, I know people that have gas that are large individuals.
And I wasn't, you know, but you weren't, I never kind of put you in that large lady
bucket.
You know what I mean?
So I was really surprised.
Thank you.
But I was never, I was kind of surprised when you told me, but then when you told me all
this other stuff that was happening, it was like, Oh, because I had, cause I'm so I'm
only five three.
And by the way, I love large ladies too.
There is nothing wrong with big butts and you cannot lie.
That's right.
Cause round bottom girls move the world.
Love yourself large, small, because sometimes our society makes people that are too small
feel like crappy too.
And that's shitty too.
So you love yourself no matter what body you got.
I had no problem with myself visually.
You know, I, I believe in body positivity, but I do believe that there comes a point
where if you are in so much pain,
but if your feet and your back are,
well, I was in that cast for a month and you remember when we would go walking before I'd
lag way behind.
Yeah.
I was a few steps ahead of you today.
I walked around.
Okay, well let's not get carried away.
You know what I mean?
But I was, I was at drag con for three days on my feet and then to Disneyland the next
day and then went to see where it all the day after that.
And I'm just saying, I believe in positivity and health at any size, at any shape.
But when you come to the point where the size is becoming a medical factor, where it affects
your quality of life, you have to make a brave decision.
I'm not saying that I'm the bravest person in the world because I'm certainly not the
only person that's done it.
Sometimes you have to take a decision for the sake of your health because I don't think
I would have been able to do OLR in another two years.
And so I was thinking about it today.
I hurt to drive.
I hurt to do anything.
I hurt to sit at my desk too long.
My, my lungs hurt and now I am healthier than I've ever been.
I can get around and do things.
I have a lot more energy for stuff and I really had a lot of the listeners were really
supportive of me, the people that I told.
So I want to thank all of you for, you've given a lot of hints to that.
I bet a lot of sleuths might have figured it out.
I know I haven't like fully hidden it, but I'm not, I don't like to share everything
that's gone on in my life.
It's your fucking business, but it ain't video games.
Some people have asked, I will be upfront and also I've been able to play DDR again.
And that's what it's really all about here on the 16 years of OLR.
Yeah.
Lots of love in chat room, by the way.
So happy for dark soccer.
Really happy for you, Jamie, less than three.
So there you go.
I went from, now I only buy old Navy jeans, not to give them that, but they're comfy.
I went from a size 18 to a 10.
So if that gives anyone any indication I've lost.
I don't ever notice when people lose weight and that type of thing.
Like I just don't.
But like I do notice a different Jamie than I used to see.
Yeah.
The first place to be fair, you put it on your own Instagram.
Like here's me before.
Here's me now.
Yeah.
I was, I was being, you know, but it's people, I guess some people hadn't put it together.
And I've told, you know, a few people I'm closest to, but I just want to say for anyone
out there who is suffering with anything and they think that, and I'm not saying gastric bypass.
I'm saying that if you talk to your doctor, talk to your doctor, what's right for you.
Cause you know what?
I know people that are large and in charge and they go to the doctor and it's like,
the doctor's like, you're fine.
But it's fine.
Everything's fine.
You're just, you, you were just born large.
Your genes, that's what your genes do.
That's what my genes did.
Rock it.
But I'm saying, you know, if you feel that you're, you're having pressure in your lungs,
go to a pulmonary doctor.
Get, if you are afraid, if you have a pain that you don't recognize, fucking get it seen.
Cause I, I would have been looking at being unable to walk without a cane in two years.
And not to completely derail, but I think you would support this too.
Sometimes that pain, if it's not a visible pain and I'm talking about mental health,
see a doctor.
Get it seen.
Yeah, absolutely.
You know, if it's something that does not feel like it did, you know, even if it's just
getting older, you should still go get yourself seen if you have insurance for it.
If not, there are some free services out there that can help you.
Medicaid in your state, maybe something you can look into.
Yeah.
Or if you're in Canada, then bless you.
But, um, but I'm saying don't ignore any of the signs.
And if you have a chance to do something about it, fucking do it.
Don't wait, don't wait, you know, too much longer because you never know
how much worse it's going to get.
So well, a heavy but good note to end on.
And I wanted just to make sure to leave that with people.
Cause I love all of our listeners, even the assholes, cause I'm a bit of an asshole,
but you guys mean a lot to me.
And I just wanted to share that with you that if you, if it's a pain in your heart,
physically or otherwise, if it's a pain in your back,
if it's something that twinge is funny, don't hesitate.
And if they tell you, no, you're okay.
And it's still fucking hurting.
Get a second opinion, make them give you a referral.
Or at least like I have this, I'm not to, I, we really need to wrap up,
but like I have this bump thing on the back of my neck and I was like,
Oh my God, is this like a tumor?
What is this?
So I went to the doctor cause I was like, it doesn't hurt.
It was like a cyst.
What is it?
No, she, she did the whole thing and she's like, I think it's just a fat pocket.
And I was like, Oh,
well, no, this formed a lipoma.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I got a fat neck.
That's what it is.
All good.
But at least I know, at least I know.
In a nutshell, I want all of you to take good care of yourselves and each other.
And that's really the most important thing to me.
You know, sometimes it's scary.
Sometimes it requires a major lifestyle change,
but be willing to do what's best for yourself.
I love that.
We'll, we'll end it on a Jerry Springer note.
Since I hear his show is ending, take care of yourselves and each other.
And don't go punching people unless they're Nazis.
Punch Nazis.
Have a great two weeks, everybody.
We will see you back here in two weeks with an all new episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you for 16 phenomenal years.
We'll see you for year 17, starting in two weeks.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show,
tune into fognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific, 9 PM Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect
those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network,
but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Bye.
