Miss forensic files really badly. I'll go through withdrawal and
I miss and like everyone's now telling me that that uh
At least five six people have told me that Stargate shows pretty good. So I downloaded the first episode of the
Atlantis one I've got that downloading and I love Iron Chef
So I've been trying to download as much Iron Chef as possible
I have the liver battle and the caviar battle and the broccoli battle. They made
broccoli ice cream. Oh, I need more Iron Chef. I even have one of the US ones the
egg battle which I actually need to watch just to see how bad it is and I'm
actually the other thing I'm downloading right now is like a Paint Shop Pro 8
beta, I think. Speaking of TV, I've been watching a TV show I've been keeping up
on. TV Nihon has been so gracious to have been fan-subbing these for us, but the
Sailor Moon live-action show has got to be one of the greatest things ever, oh my
god. Julie's been downloading it. It's hilarious. Even with the plushies. Oh my god, yeah, it's
My girlfriend, who doesn't even like, you know, Rice Princess, she doesn't even, she hates Sailor Moon with a passion, but she loves this show because it's just so cheesy, like, they never, when they're fighting, instead of them fighting, they just do cartwheels around each other, and that's supposedly, we will defeat you with our cartwheels.
That's almost how it is on the show itself, you know, they do the...
I find it so funny that Usagi is supposed to be so
clumsy, yet she can do all these elaborate poses. Yeah, all these crazy, like, cartwheels and
backflips and stuff, and
it's just crazy. It's so funny, too. And they, and
for people who do like Sailor Moon, if there's anybody who likes Sailor Moon,
like, they rewrote the script, so it's still kinda fresh and new. I mean, they have
some elements from the cartoon, the original, but
it kinda adds a little more, and a little more adult.
Not really adult, but I guess more mature humor.
I mean, there's no sex or anything.
Darn.
You know, we need the Haruka material action.
Sailor Neptune.
All right. We're going to go to a break, because we haven't been to a break for a little while now.
Oh, actually, I'm sorry. We should ask Lanky Saldo since he's here.
How was your week and how was your day since we were just finishing that segment up?
Jeez, same as always, except I just got some new crack from Irene. I downloaded the Harry Potter game, The Prisoner of Azkaban, and she's, you know, it's so childish, but you know, for a fan, like as big of a fan as she is of Harry Potter, you know, she has to play it, so it's funny.
And it's like really skipping and stuff during the dialogue, so it's so funny it'll be talking and it'll be like,
What's up Harry?
And it's like, it's great, it's funny.
And I just bought a new graphic card, on the way here I bought a new Radeon that's gonna like,
make me be able to play Halo or something, you know.
Isn't your old card better than my current card?
It's about the same level, I mean, yours is like basically the Nvidia equivalent of mine, but
I got the new Radeon 9800, well not new, but the 9800, it's like the second best, you know, you can get.
Cuz I was gonna be like, gimme!
Nah, with all the problems you just went through with your gravity card, I think you should probably stick with the one you just, you know, you just finally fixed it so you can play your stupid Final Fantasy XI game.
Yeah!
Yeah, yeah! How do you like them apples?
I think we need to go to a break right now.
Cuz I need to have a word with Brad.
Anyway, yeah, we're going to go to a break.
When we come back, we'll talk about some of the monies, if we can dig any up.
And of course the Cage Match, of course the FUs of the Week, Ask Orange Lounge, and the Skype Line!
this when we come back from this break featuring more dance maniacs music
because that's what I feel like hearing.
Happy New Year!
Happy month, happy month, yeah
If I let life stink like it's leather-
After this song, we'll be having a Let Them Move marathon.
Nooooooooooooooooo
Just kidding IRR
After this song, we'll be having a Let Them Move marathon.
No!
Just kidding.
Orange Lounge Radio, crap-free Bhavani radio.
Welcome back boys and girls, Orange Lounge Radio, here we are, episode number 103.
I wasn't supposed to be here tonight, but I was granted a reprieve, and I get to leave
tomorrow instead, so I'm hoping to check out some interesting things while I'm on the east
coast.
We'll have to see.
Loki had to do some surgery on the microphone here to get it to work right, but it's great
now.
jonas is fondling loki's cock
oh my god did you just put loki's cock in your mouth?
jonas what the hell is that?
watch out or his cock will bite you, his cock is a real pecker
I don't have a fan with that too.
Let's not have fun with the cock.
The only one you should have fun with is your own.
So wait, you said you saw something local on DDR this week in the news?
What did your mom say about it? I didn't see it either, I heard about it though.
She basically said, DDR was on the news, they said something about people losing weight playing the game.
So it was a generic interview piece that every news channel has done?
Was Tonya in it?
No.
That's a shocker.
Alright.
So everything, it's just basically the same story that's been going around ever since
the Associated Press thing picked it up, huh?
Alright.
Interesting.
What?
Yes?
Okay, this is bullshit.
The media and parents and stuff, they don't fucking care about our video games until somebody
Yeah, we don't make fun of them for being crack whores.
So we don't make fun of them for being crack whores?
Okay, what does that have to do with anything?
Anyway, sorry, I digress.
It's alright. I don't know, it's just the old
TV saying of if it bleeds, it leads, you know? If it's not
like a really horrible, depressing story
or, you know, causing violence to the streets or whatever
Then, you know, it's one of those pieces that save for the end of the newscast to make you feel good.
It's an uplifting story at the end, you know.
Happy!
Fat man, fat no more, thanks to video game. Who would have thought?
Nobody watches the news that long anyways.
They watch the first ten minutes for all the bloody headlines and then after that they wait until sports and they're done.
I just figured it out.
You know how like, so they get, you know, lean, they lose weight and they get in shape
from playing this game, but then, what's the deal?
Konami's not releasing any more DDRs, so people are going to get bored of DDR, hold on, hold
on, people are going to get bored of DDR, and they're going to stop playing and they're
going to get fat again, and then they're going to sue Konami because they didn't come out
with any new DDRs just like they sue like McDonald's for not, you know, for making people
fat.
Careful, technicality though, I know you mean no new DDR arcade, but every news story has
focused on the DDR home version almost all the time but the home versions and
they are coming out with two of them this summer so are not the summer but
this fall so you know you can't say that too much well I can cuz I don't like it
the arcade DDR was the pinnacle moment for DDR stapler wait I want my stapler
Okay, Loki, yes, you have something to say.
Okay, I saw another video this week of In the Groove, and I have to say it doesn't look
that bad.
What?
This coming from you?
It doesn't look, well here's the problem, no, here's the thing though, here's the thing
though, is before I saw early shots of In the Groove, and they've developed a lot further
since, no, when I saw it, it actually looks pretty decent, wouldn't mind it actually coming
into an arcade except, you know, I mean, look at what the options are out there right now.
You have two fucking bootlegs floating around. One's a miscolored DDR Extreme and the other
one's like a DDR Extreme with like this overclocking on it, which is stupid. But, you know, I'd
rather play in the groove than that shit. So, you know, hey, bring it in. Don't spend
the $650 on these bootlegs and bring in the groove. I mean, it actually doesn't look that
bad. The interface is pretty nice. I like what they've done with it so far.
This is a real change of heart. If this is your first time listening to Orange on its
Radio, honestly, Loki would have never, ever said this before. So this is why I'm like
shocked. I'm willing to give it the benefit of the doubt. Now, I understand why there
are some songs in there that the difficulty is way fucking hard. But you know what? There's
enough songs in there also that are pretty easy. So, it's just stuff to challenge people.
And it just looked very interesting, that's all.
I would still rather have a new Konami DDR.
Well, okay, yeah. But at the moment, since there is no Konami DDR on the horizon, I'll take this.
It's kinda like, it's like, can you go give me...
Hey, can you go to the fridge and give me a soda? All we got's diet.
Man. Alright, I'll drink it anyway.
No, it's more like, uh, your choices are George W. Bush or John McCain. What you gonna have?
You mean John Kerry?
On that note, I think we're going to go ahead and get into tonight's cage match, boys and girls.
How about the cage match?
The way the cage match works for those of you who haven't listened before,
you've got to be in our chat room to participate, orangehonestradio.com.
You pick a winner, three songs, each host brings one to the table.
You get to hear a clip of last week's winner, because you already heard it last week.
And then you get to hear two new songs in the entirety, you vote for your favorite.
favorite. That favorite goes into rotation all week long on Orange Lounge Radio Live.
24 hours a day, 7 days a week, the Monty Music and More program. Okay, so let's get right
into it. Last week's winner was brought to the table by Loki, and it's BT. And the song
is called Kimo Sabe, and we figured out it is in one of those other, uh, harmonics games.
It's an amplitude. It's an amplitude. Alright, so here it is, song number one, a clip of
this BT Kimo Sabe enjoy
B-4-C-4 on the floor
B-4-C-4 on the floor
Full effect
Brothers caught in a lot and I wishin' they was like on top of the world
Realize they were calm and refer to hip-hop as a girl
Cause back in junior class my cats had bumped into a bump
Remember to face well cause I wish I met a Sula
Fortunately I stepped to her and it had to be a dope strategy
She was leavin' to an academy
Can I have your digits?
I travel and it's hard to get at me
What's your major by the way?
I snap out, drop energy, backflip a non-abstract captivity when I rock creativity
I bust positive vibes from the west to Maui, Lou Pack is the antidote created in Cali
Cuz once the circle starts to swarm, b-boys and b-girls start to swarm
Especially by the beginning of the night tomorrow, cuz they like to song
The hype is on, it's all we want
Can't you tell what's up, lift? You, chill, nobody's asleep, lift
You, chill up, it's a lot of the funk from the beat that's before the street, come on buddy
Can't you tell what's up, lift? You, chill, nobody's asleep, lift
all right that was song number one in tonight's cage match a clip of last
week's winner BT with Kimo Sabe all right let's get into song number two
tonight song number two is my pick and I decided you know what I'd like to win a
cage match before I leave town so I picked an artist that I usually tend to
win this with and you know what I do really like this song a lot it's my
favorite by her that I think I've heard to date so let's hear it for Kylie's
sister Danni this is Danni Minogue with her latest single I begin to wonder
enjoy song number two in tonight's stage match. Shut up. Here we go, here it is.
Places I've never been before
And every day it's the same thing
Different faces with no name
Places I've never been before
And now
We get into wonder
And the dream makes me crazy
And now
We get into wonder
The dream was ever to be safe and
It's every place and day
Different places you'll meet, places I've never been before
And every day you'll sleep dead, different places you'll meet, places I've never been before
And every time I think I'm breaking free, these thoughts return to trouble me
Hanging on to love has left me empty
You're a sinner but you told me you're a saint
Too fast I tripped and lost my way
Can't believe what's happened to me, is it fair?
Cause every day is the same day
Different faces, no names
Faces I've never seen before
And every day is the same day
Different faces, no names
Faces I've never seen before
And I'm never busy for more
Walking down the street
I call your name
All the time you led me astray
Making love to you
I do the same
But now I know you're blind to me
I'll never see you
I'll wait so please be blind
So I was over you
Really over you
No time to sleep
I love that
Well, I'm not over you
And that I
Be feeding them one another
I can't keep me breathing
And that I
Be feeding them one another
They want them to be safe there
Every day is busy
Every season's busy
Things that I've never been before
And every day, and every day, and every day, there's no need for places that I've never been before
And I begin to wonder
Yeah, besides the fact that it was really boring, it was really boring.
So yeah, um, a five.
Five. Uh, Jamie?
I've heard that song before. It's pretty repetitive. It's not bad.
So he gets a seven.
He gets a seven. All right, moving on. Erin.
Erin gives it half a one.
Alright fine, lanky style then.
Just before she coughs up the microphone, I'm gonna get some sick now.
Um, yeah, of course I've heard that. Every time I was driving in the car with you, but...
No, it's not a bad song. I think it's pretty poppy. Like, most of Danny Minnow's stuff, but...
Personally, I have to say, I like, put the needle on it a lot better. A lot better.
So I'll give that a 7.
Alright, um...
Jonas, your thoughts on that one?
I begin to wonder why I'm gonna give this a 7 out of 10.
me too oh my god I just noticed your hat says you're fired is that an apprentice
hat or something that's so funny all right all right now it's Aaron's turn
um well it was not that great I'm sorry to say it was kind of boring to the
point where I took my testicles put on my headphones and started listening to
music so all right okay so on a scale of one to ten? Probably like four. Four all right low-key it was
It was on the Ministry of Sound compilation, and it was by the...
The Lost Brothers.
The Lost Brothers. I like this song because the song was in The Lost Boys, which is like one of my all-time ever favorite movies.
And actually, it's actually like real samples. It's not like somebody covering it, so it's very well done.
And I will never, ever, hardly ever say that any, you know, song that I like that much is well done. So, yeah.
All right, then judge for yourself. Here it is. If you love the 80s, you'll love this.
The Lost Brothers, Cry Little Sister, Jamie's pick, enjoy.
I'll be there, I'll be there
I'll be there, I'll be there
I'll pick you up
I'll need you now
I'll need you now
Little sister
Love shall not fall
Come, come say your prayers
Love me like a rock
I can't be sist
Love me like a rock
I love you
That's what I feel, real
All the little things
Love me like a rock
I'm still sist
Love me like a rock
I'm gonna show you real
I'm with you right in front of the wall
I'm sharing many secrets
I'm with you right in front of the wall
all right hey quiet in studio all right house on number three in tonight's
cage match that was uh... lost brothers with cry little sister sorry about the
ending there it starts to fade into another track is on one of those
nonstop dance compilations so you have to disregard like the last twenty
seconds of track
otherwise that was uh... cry little sister let's see what everybody here
thought of that jamie
of course is nowhere near as good as the original songs because i can listen to
the original on repeat
endless for days in years and months everything
i give that one and nine it it's well done i would like for them to do a
longer one
actually had the lyrics in it you know but that one was still pretty good it's
enough to get that little bit of nostalgia pulled up in me and think of
who was it Jason Patrick with those shades yes and that hair yes and keeper
hahaha all right right on all right Loki fucking cut myself on a wire anyways
Alright, um, that was okay. Um, I'd give it a 7 as well. It was just... okay.
Alright. Uh, lanky style.
It was pretty good. It's a standard club song, you know, so I'd give it a 7.
Um, who else? Puppy. We can get over to Puppy.
You know, I wasn't really paying attention to the song because I was making some pineapple soda.
you make keeper southerland cry
keeper southerland was awesome in twenty four and i love that show
but he was also in the last voice
i haven't uh... because the box office season two has been out for a while
oh yeah the song um...
it didn't really catch much of my attention anyways
it seems kinda
mellow and
just because
I don't feel like favoring one song or the other. I'll give this one a 5 too.
Alright. Uh, Aaron. VHG.
Nah, wasn't anything special. It was alright. It'd be something I would listen to if I were driving, per se, but beyond that, I wouldn't really listen to otherwise, so I'd give it, like, a 6.
Jodas?
Uh, I'll give it a 7.
Alrighty. Same reason.
i kind of have to agree with jamie that it's it's just not as good as the
original but i honestly wouldn't put in the same ballpark this year is also
great that one doesn't have a lyrics and that
it's okay i get the point about it's kind of it makes you think that when i
hear that song i think about how i want to hear the original basically out
that's how it goes for me
so i give it a i'd give the original attended a give that a six
here we go guys
uh... here's a clip of those three songs you can vote for one more time song
number one tonight uh... bt
kimosabe
song number two tonight danny minnow i begin to wonder
And song number three tonight, Lost Brothers, Cry Little Sister.
Alright, now you can start placing your vote, but if you're undecided, we'll try this out
tonight.
I'm going to allow a listener to come through on the Skyblind and try to get people to vote
for the one they think ought to win. I don't know if anybody will bite on this, but as
long as we have this new feature, we'll try it out and see if anyone wants to persuade
people that they need to vote for a particular song. So, you can place vote now, but if you're
undecided, why don't you see what one of our random callers has to say if somebody decides
to have some balls to call in. We'll see.
The Night Rider does his Ren Faire video.
The Night Rider.
I'm going to be in front of it because it's kind of a good series.
It's just about a lot of fun.
Wait, wait, your mic's not on over there.
Your mic's not on.
How's that?
Yeah, much better.
People in Ren Faire garb on a motorcycle.
This has got to be the biggest piece of crap I've ever looked at.
This movie, okay, this movie has a scene where this guy's just driving down the middle of
I guess that makes sense, because his musical career is really going far.
People suck for not calling the skype line.
That's alright. They'll have chances later. Nobody liked any of those songs, I guess, but we'll see.
We are getting some votes, so we'll tally those up during the next break and let you know who won.
In the meantime, let's go back and talk about some new DDR news.
Hey, this just came up today, you guys. This is interesting, I think.
Um, Alloy Magazine is having a DDR sweepstakes, Alloy Magazine by the way is one of those
like girly magazines like Seventeen and Cosmo, yeah, VHD's like oh god, in fact if we, if
we go to, prepare to be really sad, oh, it's cause um, we, we, like, my sister Nais has
subscription to one of those girlie magazines, and every once in a while they send you, like,
free subscriptions to other magazines, or send you a free
trial issue of another magazine, and one of them was Alloy.
So they're those, like, girlie clothing magazines, basically.
Yeah, it's a clothing line. It's basically like a catalog.
You know, because, because, you know, the coolest, yeah, the coolest girls order their,
their, their clothes through catalogs without trying them on first, you know.
Here are the top stories right now on Alloy.com
Which fairy tale fox is dreamier? Chad Michael Murray and Hugh Dancy duke it out
Who? Yeah I know. So they're these dream kids I guess
and it says hey get your movie on this weekend
Get your movie on. And right on the front page there there's
gossip about Colin Farrell and where Will Smith changed their naughty ways
how about who cares all right well this is why we care because alloy.com is
right now having a you got served take it to the streets contest and you guys
are saying what the fuck does this have to do with DDR well if you win the grand
prize you win a PlayStation 2 a dance dance revolution prize package with two
dance pads and the game a way got 32 inch TV now that's the reason to win
right there. And the copy of the new Take it to the Streets DVD. Hey, and five first
place winners get a copy of the Take it to the Streets DVD and DDR Max 2 games. So if
you still don't have DDR Max 2, you could try and win it here on Alloy.com. I would
just look in between the Who's Dreamier polls. If it weren't for the fact that they had to
include the movie you got served anywhere in this contest, it'd be worth entering. Take
Take it to the Streets is where they show the choreography, it's like Darren's Dance
Crews.
Which I own both of those, sadly enough.
That's depressing, but hold on, I'm confused, okay, you got served Take it to the Streets,
it's not gonna buy you, or is it?
Okay, anyway, sorry, she's talking about the Knight Riders movie, whatever, anyway, so,
is it a DDR tournament, or a freestyle dance?
What kind of contest is this, give me some information, are people really dancing, or
Oh, oh, how do you enter the You Got Served contest?
No, what is it doing? Is it a sweepstakes?
Yeah, this is a sweepstakes, the hour that Conk's having, yes.
I thought they were...
It's not like a tournament or anything, it's just a sweepstakes.
I thought it was a competition.
Okay, whatever. Anyway.
All you do, basically...
Oh my god, I'll enter it, cuz I want the TV.
How do you enter now? You just, you give them your information.
That's it. You give them your mailing address and stuff,
so they'll probably send you copies of their crappy magazine,
and you have a chance to win a WEGA.
What a deal.
Do I get to tell them how I feel about the movie you got served?
If you want, because I got some things to say.
Yeah, well, everyone got served, but we got served a big pile of crap.
Are you going to serve you got served?
I'll serve chicken with a side of vegetables, thank you.
Dancing movies are really just cheesy all together. Like, who remembers Lombada?
Save the Rainforest!
Yup.
Breakin' was awesome.
Breakin' was awesome.
Breakin' 2, Electric Boogaloo.
I have those.
How about The Sound of Music? That was pretty sweet.
Those dances they did, whoa, that was off the chains for a shizzle.
I used to love the Do Not Take Us Away To Concentration Camps dance.
The do not take us away to concentration camps dance, that was great.
That was, that dance was just like, awesome.
I was moved.
In my pants.
You got served, Hitler!
Oh my god.
Wow.
You got served, Hitler.
You seriously need to have your own microphone attached.
That, you know what?
okay you got served Hitler that you know it that was just you were right that was
moving as in bowel movement um you know this whole okay I want you to tell me
your mate this whole like you got served contest being on alloy calm kind of got
me thinkin' earlier today. It reminded me of a post from LiveJournal, one of my buddies
LiveJournal, I'm not going to embarrass them on the air because they might be listening,
but somebody was asking me in their LiveJournal today because they're having problems where
they're not gay but they're getting a lot of guys hitting on them because they've got
like that, they've got that metro, they've got that metrosexual thing going on, so like
people assume the guy's gay, and he's like, you know, I'm a DDR player, does that make
me gay. And that kind of just had me thinking about this stigma that DDR has with the fact
that if you're playing DDR, then you're either metrosexual or you're all the way gay.
If you play DDR, you gay. Why is that? Can somebody please explain that to me? I've seen
some real guys I would not consider gay at all. In fact, they're not really gay or straight,
They're just ugly, and I've seen them playing DDR.
Well, well, wait, wait, wait, wait.
G-Dog plays DDR, doesn't he?
Moving on.
There's our new joke for the season.
I think that one of the reasons why people, like, what's
the word I'm looking for?
They tie it in with gayness or whatever,
is because a lot of freaking gay people play DDR.
For one.
Wait a minute, wait a minute though.
For the longest time, I was the only gay guy playing DDR in this town. You know it, you know it.
At the time, yes, you were the only outwardly gay person playing. Everybody else was just a closet homosexual.
too though because a lot of people see you know they're a little late in seeing
DDR and finding it out and stuff and what they see for the first time is some
guy out there playing it's raining men and you know that kind of just screams
he loves the cock I don't know what to say I mean also they're gamer geeks that
play the game and they're usually they have that stigma since that's the word
we're using today, of people who don't get out of their house and don't get with girls
and stuff, you know, because gamer geeks don't have lives, so, well that is true. But anyway,
you see what I'm saying? You know what, I still find it very funny just how many guys
in the Bay Area were playing Pata Pata. I guess, by the way you guys, I guess we dropped
for like half a second, I don't know what happened, but, I don't know what the fuck
that was about. Yeah, seriously, it was amazing how many guys played Pata Pata Pata Dice
compared to girls cuz when I played there were like three girls playing
including me and the rest were all guys well that's that's just that bad thing
about there not being as many girl gamers as there were guy gamers. The funny thing was watching how many guys
played deluxe and oceladio yeah well that okay now that's another reason why
people think they're gay because of that doing the deluxe dance and there
were those are like the two songs I kind of just didn't touch after a while I was
Just like, fuck it, I'm not playing those songs.
And for some people, and I know a few people listening actually haven't seen any of these on
Pada Pada,
Deluxe has a move where you put one hand out to one side, and the other hand out to the other side,
and then you shake your butt.
And your hands are kind of in a faggish motion.
Your hands are held vertically.
Yeah, and then, but to be more accurate, you should be pointing it down like this.
And then there's Osole Meo.
Where you do the little teacup looking dance.
uh... the old building you know how you can you're at the end of the article
i'd like to call it the clock block
you know you're swatting something away from your butt because you know
well i don't know if you have a young lady and pointed out to the side like
you're waiting in the other one waiting at your ad like i don't want you you're
ugly you over there you're pretty attractive i'd rather be i'd rather be
flooded and we need to run away exactly
it's robert faces
shut up
anyway
but my point is is that this whole like alloy dot com thing this isn't helping
this image at all
cuz like i'm looking at this page going this is the gayest thing i've ever seen
like yeah seriously i'm just i'm waiting for like madonna to start playing
and uh... you know liza manelli worse
what madonna remixed by thunder kiss if madonna ends up in the next d r
you are going to start sucking cock is this is going to happen
i'm kidding
i'm sorry to hear what we shouldn't be stereotypical it's not nice but you know
everybody else's everybody outside of the scene is rob
but
what what
uh... but but but but but but what we ever been nice
i guess i just have a question for all the straight guys in the room which is
everybody to me
we have a great have any of you straight guys
any straight guys in the room
have you ever
not been called a while playing d r
and
have ever had not called gay
abit i i think you're still
well
yeah
raise a question you all of the called a at least once while playing the art
you never got gay
You've been called feminist?
You weren't called feminist? What did you do? Did you, like,
buy tickets to the Lillifair and start blasting Ani DeFranco and...
and started joining Greenpeace and shit? What?
Okay,
for the whole time I was in India, I was never called gay,
but someone was calling me a feminist or something like that.
Wow, a lot of our chatters saying the same thing. I always, a lot of straight guys I talk to always say that they've got this experience where some asshole called them gay while playing DDR at least once. I know you've gotten it.
I have not, but most of the times I've been, there's been no one around when I play.
Remember, we're from Sacramento, Rob. Like, not the Bay Area, where it's a little more accepted.
There's also, keep in mind, there's the Roseville Children, as I like to call them, who are
the people that I have kicked out on a regular basis every time I go.
It's that crowd that's more...
I had a group of mid to early 20-year-olds, a bunch of them, a bunch of them with one
girl trying to impress this girl, and they were calling me gay, and they were like, he
grabbed my hand.
Who's gay now?
Come on.
He grabbed my hand?
Oh yeah, I had that happen before.
He tried to pull me off the machine, and I'm like, no.
Yeah, he's like, oh my ass is screaming for some action. I'm like, uh, get away. I'm trying,
get away and let me play It's Raining Man. Oh God, I was, speaking of that, I remember
playing random ball with some dude. He was, he's gay, and it ended up being It's Raining
Man. He was like. He was grabbing your ass while he was playing? Yeah, he was grabbing
my ass. I was just sure it was intentional, but I felt a pinch. Hey man, just be flattered.
Just nod your head, smile, you know. He's like, ahh, I don't like this. Yeah, effeminate
would be the word. What's that? Which is practically the same. We all know that Jonas was trying
to say effeminate, but it was funnier that he said feminists. Yeah, I knew he was trying
I play DDR for women everywhere!
I was gonna say...
I was like, whoa.
I'm gonna get up on this DDR machine and burn my bra!
Now if you wanna see real gay, just look at the dynamite rave hand-planned knee-drop routine.
Oh, that's a different type of gay.
That's not gay.
Yeah, and if you yell at me, I'm gonna take out my bloody tampon and throw it at you.
And by the way, gay is not a negative thing, so stop using it like it is.
it like it is. Thank you. Thank you. Okay? You people suck ass. You people are the...
Who's gay now? You are the one that is gay. You are the one who are the balllickers. Seriously,
for all the people who go, oh, that's so gay, you people are the hemorrhoid on the butt
of social progress. I say that's so gay all the time. But you know what, though? You say
it in relation to things that may be associated with gay things. But see, I feel like I have
have an authority on it you know like I I have a wand and I can deem things I
could say this day it's gay no okay Robin is immediate gay friends they
constantly say like terms that would be used to describe a homosexual male in
negative connotations you fucking faggot things like that I love you too see and
That's how we say, you know, hello and stuff. It's like, it's like another group of people we know who use another word that is, yeah.
Anyway, I'm going away from this topic, but here, have a, have a microphone, faggot.
Anyway, I'm going to burn my bra right here on behalf of drag queens everywhere.
No, I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
All right.
You guys want to hear who won tonight's cage match?
No.
Well, too bad.
You get to hear.
Don't play to my talk.
All right.
Tonight's cage match winner.
By the way, the Skyblind is open.
If you want to comment on homosexuality and DDR and all that stuff, uh, this guy blinds
open.
I can't wait to hear this one.
Tonight's cage match winner is, um, I'm Very Happy.
This song won.
Of course you are, it's your song.
Danny Manero wins tonight's cage match in a very close vote, so, uh, all three songs
pretty well represented tonight, so, uh, that was a mercy thing, but the point is, is that
that I want leaving. So now I don't have to pick a song for next week. It's great. Works
out nice. Thank you guys. We needed the violin music playing in the background. And I'm going
to Pennsylvania for two weeks and we're over on my song. Oh, my poor heart. And I have
like a heart disease. What? And I never learned to read. Be quiet. Hey Rob, at least you're
white okay so it's okay to go to Pennsylvania. You won't have to be threatened by all the
hicks over there. What in the hell does that mean? Excuse me, hicks, where? Pennsylvania.
Okay, never mind. I'm sorry, I hear hick and all of a sudden I'm thinking like, okay, what's
you saying about... Look, on the outside I may be white, but on the inside... You're
on the inside, you're a black woman, a repressed black woman
on the inside, on the inside I am
blood and guts, just like you
on the outside
oh, we're getting a call, I should actually answer the skype line
once in a while, hi you're on orange lounge
hello, hello can you hear us
lounge. Wow, we're already getting prank calls. No. Okay, call her.
Is your refrigerator running? You better touch it.
Call, are you there? Yeah.
Oh, hey, there you are. What's up? Who's this?
Turn off your BitTorrent. Yeah.
Turn off your BitTorrent. Turn off your, uh.
Stop downloading the porn.
Hey, what's up? You there?
I have no torrent. Okay. What's up?
Not much, man.
Yeah, I think it's a lot of lag.
Hey, I gotta let you go, dude, because you got a lot of lag going on here, so try calling us back a little later.
Maybe it'll clear up.
Take care.
Thank him for the call.
What was that?
I didn't catch it.
I see the name on Skype, but the names on Skype are different than the chatroom names, so...
Can you guys all turn off your bit torrents?
He said he didn't have any torrents running.
It was just a bad connection.
You know what, though?
Apparently our show dropped earlier, so it might even be us.
I don't know.
It might have something to do with it.
I have. I'll leave the Skyplane open a little bit longer though. Somebody else wants to give it a call.
Let's call in and talk about the topic.
Change of subject? Alright. Back to dick and fart jokes.
Okay, no actually we can take a break. Actually I do want to play this
because I haven't even heard this yet but apparently Loki did a new remix
last night and I didn't even know about it. So what's up Loki?
Tell us about your newest remix. We're going to play it. I was bored and I saw
someone made some stupid remix and it's not even really a remix that they made it was
like I know it wasn't max remix it was like I heard the other day insertion and ecstasy
and they sounded the same so I decided to mix them together and it sounded like crap
so but that got me thinking I was like hey ecstasy I haven't used ecstasy yet and I was
working on something before and that just wasn't going anywhere so I plugged ecstasy
in, and played that around. It's okay. My remixes are starting to become average now.
Like the DDR song? Yes, the DDR song, Ecstasy.
So Mike, this is like an average remix now. It's like, I worked on it for a couple hours
and I was just like, eh. It's a mediocre remix.
It's mediocre. It's okay. There's parts that are cool. It's just like bad transitions in
in a few spots that I have to...it's really...the song I was working with was hard. But this
is kind of a tribute song to the song that got me into techno in the first place, Fourteen
Hours to Save the Earth by Tomski, so it's a remix between that. It's Ecstasy, the Fourteen
Hours Club Mix.
Interesting. Alright, we're gonna check this out and then we'll be back. And we'll talk
about more stuff. We'll be back.
back.
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
For up to the minute Romani and Gaming News, we'll be right back.
All right, we're back, Orange Lounge Radio, and that was Tomski versus Decomplex, remixed
by Loki there, Ecstasy, the 14 Hours Club Mix.
What did you guys think of that?
I thought it was pretty good.
You know what, I gotta be honest with you, I think out of all of your songs, everything
You have remixed. I think that is the one I would want to listen to more than anything else. Well, no
I like I like a lot of his stuff
But I think I could see myself listening to that like a lot like I really like that
I mean
I love ecstasy to begin with
But I love like the last minute and a half of the song with the other song mix now
I love how it makes you like feel good when people touch you you like, oh wait wrong. I
I seriously, I think that is a better ecstasy remix than the one that was a max
Oh, way better. That one on Max 2 sucks.
I cannot believe that Konami isn't calling you.
I mean, I realize that you're taking commercial songs and fusing them together.
Shh. Don't tell them the secret.
Okay, well, you know.
But I still think even with...
I know, I'm kidding.
I still think even your, like, Silent Hill remix you had earlier where you're kind of remixing it on top of itself and stuff,
and with enough public domain samples out there, honestly,
because we know in a lot of DDR songs they're using public domain samples.
Oh yeah, well I, they're public domain or they're just, they're like sample kids from
acid, I swear to God they are, because I listen to so much techno music and stuff that they're
like, wait a second, that's that song. In fact, one Easy to Dancer song, which is called
like, uh, oh man, I can't remember the name of it, it's like a long mega mix of like trance
stuff. It's all commercial songs! No credit to them! I'm like, you completely ripped them
off great you know but seriously you should get your stuff out there as much
as you can because I think it's really good here's the thing and I think you
know all these remix contests out there like but my cells in a remix contest
which I might feel later that DDR maniacs a remix contest and these other
ones I can't enter them because I'm not making my music with um was it uh
whatever that one program is you know what they can't be loose I'm not making
How can they tell? How can they tell what program you're using?
Because it doesn't sound like MIDI. That's what they like. They like MIDI.
I honestly think you should just send it in anyway, and if they say no, they say no.
But honestly, that is better than half the stuff that was in...
almost all the stuff that was in the Milmati Style Remix Conda's last one.
I just don't have... that right there is below my standards right there.
It's okay, it's nice, I like the parts in it, but I can't stand, you know,
like non perfect transitions and stuff like that it's just like you're just a
perfectionist you did that in one evening yeah I did that about three
hours or a couple hours I I just sat down I was listening to this really
shitty it was it sounded like someone just had two songs playing back to back
and they just didn't even really remix them on top of each other with acid they
just kind of faded one into the other or faded one in on top of the other one it
just didn't sound right honestly if somebody is going to reject your song
from a remix contest because the program you use, they are being ignorant. That is so ignorant.
Well, because you understand that, you know, mash mixes are not real remixes.
Okay, but that's because people fucking did Paranoia Cowgirl, okay? That's why.
You didn't...
What's funny though is I'd like them to tell that, you know, the people that mash mixes aren't real mixes since...
Oh, wait a second, because I do think Acid, the site that actually, you know, produces the Acid 4.0 and stuff like that,
stuff like that. Guess what? They have a whole remix contest section. Guess what? It's actually
recognized by many artists like BT and David Bowie. Wasn't he giving away a car for some
mashup contest? Actually, no. Not only that, but the mash mixes were going to be featured
on his CD. I guess that's not very important. But hey, go ahead. Play with Fruity Loops
because you're better than I am because you know how to program instruments in MIDI. You
You know what, so what. I don't care. So I'm, you know, not programming shit, but you know what that is.
Not to say that all the Fruity Loops remix stuff sucks, because there is some good stuff.
No, there's really good stuff. There's really good stuff out there, but there's also bad stuff too.
That is really good too, and I think we need to recognize that mash mixes can be good when they're not stupid, basically.
Let me just put it this way.
When they're not mash insert bambis on here.
Yeah, everybody out there uses samples, whether you guys wanna, you know, recognize that or not.
and you know what it's just that's the way it is people
but you can put you can program your own like you know
um you can like remix you know you can like actually you know
add you know synth on top of this stuff that's what I need to learn see once I
learn the Fruity Loop stuff
I'll be able to do that much more with it yeah I think you should keep working at it
honestly because seriously I think if you were just
if somebody were to give you money and say take a week
and take a DDR song and put in public domain stuff and originals that you can come up with and prove your loops,
you would have an awesome DDR song.
Well, here's the situation, though. If you were to actually, like, say, Konami went to,
I want you to remix this song. What they'll give you is they'll give you, like, this song,
all the samples that were in it and all the arrangements that are in it, like, basically the 8-track, the digital track,
it's a lot easier to work with raw, you know, tracks than just, you know, everything in the composition,
so it's a lot harder to do it that way.
That's why when, you know, Pumpknight gave me stuff to remix, it would be an EJ, he gave me all the samples that he used, and the arrangements they had, so you can just go in there, rearrange it, and add your own stuff into it, and it's a lot easier and sounds better.
That's, you know, they're not gonna just say, oh, we want you to take something that was on the soundtrack and remix it, so.
though.
Yeah, whatever, but, yeah.
Honestly, if you were to send that in a contest and they were to reject it for any reason...
I mean, if they were to say, well, we don't want commercial songs or something, if that
were the reason, then whatever, but if they were to say they're rejecting it because it's
a match mix, they're being stupid.
They're stupid and their contest doesn't deserve your attention anyway.
I just don't care.
I want to hear what their stuff was in there, because if it's any good, that's cool, but there's stuff that sucks too, you know?
I mean, I don't know. Here's the thing though. I don't consider it a remix if you remake the song in Fruity Loops.
If you take like Synth and just basically remake the song, it sounds the same but it's a little different because you didn't quite get the right, you know, samples.
That's not a remix. That's just stupid.
Whatever.
Well, all right keep working at it. That's some good stuff. I really I personally really really really like that one. I think you're you're you're
Waving your hand at it too much going. It sucks. I was really good personally. All right
Skypline is open if you have it if you have a comment on that remix or comment on anything
We've talked about during this show so far really we'll get around to that
We're gonna get to the F use a little bit and no sorry. You will not be able to do your F use over Skype
We haven't the segments too long as it is. We need to not make it any longer. So
Yeah, you can still send those in over private message. We'll be doing that later
Okay
In fact, if you want to send in your F use of the week
You can go ahead and start sending those in now over private message
We'll start taking those because we're gonna get to that segment pretty soon. But first I did want to
Allow Loki to talk about we've been talking about remix contest, but what's going on in the sim scene?
I know there's some somewhat big news
Really? I sure as hell don't know what it is.
Well, what about the announcement from the Phoon Team?
Oh yeah, Phoon Mix Plus. That's going to be coming out in August.
So look for that. That should be cool.
The other thing that I thought was interesting about Phoon Mix
is I found this site, which is the group that actually did it.
Silly Walker. That's the site.
And they're basically just like the verse systems. They're awesome.
But I can't order their music because it's not in English.
and you know it's all through these Dodinci sites and stuff like that
they're all in Japanese and I can't order through them so that sucks but
they have a ton of cool shit and they're the ones behind
DDR food mix so it's really cool and yeah so food mix plush should be coming
out they didn't really say what's gonna be in it probably just some additional
songs and whatnot but hey it's cool well actually there might be some additional
original songs, and edit steps, because I know they had edit steps on their website, so that'd be kind of neat.
Um, and Turning Mix 5, I have no fucking clue what's going on with that, so let's take a look-see here.
Um, last thing I heard, they were in, like, sway votes, or public sway votes, or something like that.
And I have no idea what they're doing, semi-finals, finals.
What the fuck is a sway vote?
In the semi-finals, they just finished that. Now they're on finals. Let's see what we can vote on. Oh, I have to be logged in. Fuck that.
Okay, so, yeah, they're in finals. I have no idea who won, what's going on, but all I know is Kimo Sabe did not make it in there, and that makes me sad.
Did that Just Like Naoki song make it in there?
Actually, here's the songs that were considered in the semi-finals.
Like, let's see, we've got Domo Domo Domo, the KCP remix, so...
Whatever that is. Just like Naoki.
Roppongi Canyon, it looks like it was.
Yeah. Let's see, Lemmings, and Pear Pear All Stars, One More Lovely.
there was a look at
look at the heaven halloween
kick your a by art style
uh...
then we have party for you holy night makes stronger uh...
joju uh... coca-roll no pushing the law
nari nari
whatever that is on the
crap konichiwa another body got told up another kick here and i think this is
semi files right here i think that that file so kick your a
one more lovely r u
you know it's kind of sad it's always a remix of like a baumanni song
you know what i'm saying it's always like
i want a super hard song that's like you know ooh it's something like baumanni ruler used to do
didn't the rules say that it has to be like patable?
did the rules say it has to be like patable?
yeah they're just being such
dumbass idiots
so that's what's going on there uh... interesting as far as other stuff um...
really that's been slow on all the like sites
I haven't really found any new, like, really good sim files or anything. I've just been, um, playing what I had.
Um, there are some really cool tutorials, though, on DDRMania X, especially stuff to make your skin look more like in the groove, which is kind of neat.
They have, like, you know, the little, um, uh, what was it, the, uh, how, how well you did, and, you know, the little graph there, just, like, in BeatMania.
They have how you can put that in your sim, how to make a combo bar, which is kind of neat, and some other stuff that will really help out your skins.
So just look for those, they're really good tutorials. And that's pretty much all with that.
Alrighty. Again, if you guys are just tuning in, because I know more people are starting
to tune into the show as we go along here, we do have this new feature where you can
call into the show www.skype.com, S-K-Y-P-E dot com, and you download the program over
there and you can add the username Orange Launch Radio, all one word, to your list.
and if you have a broadband connection, you can actually call us and it's just like a
phone call except it doesn't cost you anything, it doesn't cost me anything because it's all
over our internet connection. So, do give us a call. It's fun. So, but do make sure
you close your torrents and have the maximum bandwidth possible before calling because
otherwise it messes up. Okay, so I guess since nobody is calling in on the Skype right now,
Now maybe we'll go to another break, then we're gonna come back and do the FUs.
Sounds good to me.
Yes, Jamie, you have a thought?
No, I just wanted the microphone because it comforts me.
Why does having the microphone comfort you?
I don't know. It just does!
I'm happy because I'm in fourth in line to get the Megamix from GTA III for Rise FM, which has the song I'm looking for.
Neo The One by Slider.
Uh, I got a call on the Skype line. What's up? You're on Orange Lounge.
You are on Orange Lounge Radio.
You're at least trying to be.
Please say something.
Is it us that slides really fast?
Hello, yes, I am here.
You there? Richie? Again?
No.
Yeah.
How you doing? What's up?
Uh, it's not calling again.
Okay.
I just want to haggle over here.
Well, that's alright. Nobody else wants to call in, so we've got you.
the we've got you do you still have that weren't going
no i don't okay all i can hear you clear now what's up to have a comment on
something
uh... one of the something about uh... reading
i think looking to me because i think you should like
you know like to be done for life
uh... oc remix whatever i think they're i think they're really great you know
it's like
you know what
he's doing with you know it's like
songs in display
going like a whole new way
hey richie speak a little bit louder so we can hear you kiss sorry that's right
now
yes i can hear you know
Yeah, I'm just saying that, yeah, Loki should submit some of his stuff to OC Remix.
I think it sounds professional, really.
I mean, I had one of my teachers at my school listen to some of Loki's remixes,
and he was wondering, hey, do you know who this guy is?
And I was saying, oh, it's a friend of mine from Sacramento.
He just does this for fun. He's all saying he should go, you know, he should do acts.
We're having a hard time hearing you.
He's sounding very mumbling.
I'm going to relay your question over to Loki because I can hear it okay.
Loki, it sounds like he's playing it for some folks at school, and you're famous! You're getting famous!
And they seem to like it.
OC Remix, would you ever consider sending something like that?
I would if I didn't use some other commercial songs.
That's the problem.
That's the thing that's stopping you, huh?
Oh yeah, it's true, it's true.
Have you thought about-
Can you hear me better now, or is my mic still like-
I can hear you a little better now. That's better.
There you go.
Let's see, other than that, well, I mean, keep up the good work, Loki.
I'm looking forward to any new remixes you might have.
No?
Keep up the good work. Yeah. Remix more stuff. Okay. Thanks for calling, Richie.
Yeah, no problemo. See you guys later. See ya.
Don't worry about hogging up all the air time there, Richie, because the other
folks are just pussies.
Don't want to call. It's a new thing. I mean, I can't expect everybody to get on board the first week.
It's new. Yeah, it's new.
Well, that's all right, because you shouldn't have Winamp going while you're trying to call in
anyway. It sounds really bad.
So, Loki, have you thought about trying to, um, maybe do something with public domain samples?
I thought about it. I'm starting to go more that way anyways, cause like, with this song even, I used a lot of those BT public domain samples that I got.
Didn't you say there was something, didn't you do one a while back where you remixed a song with other video game samples or something?
So that's the kind of thing OCRemix would eat up, if it was video game music mixed with other video game music, I think.
I don't think I did. The only song that's sort of like, just a bunch of different songs was that Dynamis one, which was like kind of eh, you know.
Uh, I could just, I don't know.
I'm pretty much like, I like this stuff, um,
if I learned how to do, like, DMS files or something like that, you know, that'd be kickass.
It's just really, I don't have a lot of music theory and stuff, I never took the classes,
don't know shit about, I mean, I understand, you know, you know, structure of a song
and stuff, it just... Didn't they say that a Kiryamoka couldn't even read music
when he started? I don't know. I could've sworn I read that on some bad site. It's probably, it's just like, I just need to
to have like, cause I need like a, you know, some of the set stuff, like, you know, scales
and stuff like that, cause really if you listen to a lot of songs, they're the same scales,
it's the same structure, they're very simple, they just use really elaborate samples, that's
all it is. So, I mean, pretty much every single fucking trance song, you always have a four
on the floor, and then you have some beat that's going at, you know, in twelfth notes,
and that's it. It's every single, yeah, it's every single, you know, trance song out there
pretty much. I tried last night to make another Revenge Neo song. It didn't turn out very
well. That was like, I tried, what was it, I was mixing that one Revenge song from Poppin'
Music. It was the, I can't even, the one that sounds sort of like Exotic Ethnic but not.
I tried mixing it with Exotic Thick, and that really sucked. It did not sell well at all.
So, I don't know. I want to get some, like, sample kits and stuff. I'm just kind of weary
to do that, because I have, like, 30,000 public domain samples on, like, about 20 CDs or so,
20 plus CDs, and I don't use any of them. I use about two. Two out of those. So, I don't
I don't know, I just have to kind of go through and look at all those samples again, because I had them all ripped to my hard drive, and it just took up too much space, so, I don't know.
Alright, well, what we're going to do now, we're going to go to a break, and when we come back, the FUs of the week. We're going to get ranty.
The chat room's getting mad at me because I'm calling them all pussies, and they're like, Skype doesn't work out, yeah, I'll have Aaron call you a pussy instead.
or she'll barf up along. No, actually, but some of them, I guess Skype only works on Windows XP, I guess, so that messes some people up.
And why don't you have Windows XP?
Well, you know, some people don't. You know, there's Macs, Linux, some people still want to use ME, whatever.
If you have a Mac, okay. If you have Linux, okay. But if you're using any other kind of former Windows, why don't you have Windows XP?
challenging somebody on their operating system though is such a nerd war. You're
just waiting
to get lashed at for challenging someone on their operating system.
Here comes the chat room. Here they come. There is by the way a certain build we start off with
Windows 3.11 build up through to 2000
but you take I think 3.11 upgrade that
to NT, upgrade that to 2000. It's supposed to be the most secure
way to run Windows. Much more secure than XP.
there and I know a lot of people who do it that way anyway
will still run anyway okay so and you remember what happened you know but I
see that we've got a ton of people on our Skype list so I know that there's
more people than just one calling in so it's alright that's alright that's alright
we're gonna go you just like saying the word pussy don't you Aaron I love this
show all right we'll be back we'll be back with the F use of the week which
you can send over a private message but please no F used to Brad for his
operating system rant because I just don't want to go there tonight all right
We'll be back.
I'm the easement of the circle, magic tree I told your daughter, can't take off her weave
If you still look down there and pray, yeah
How can I know what to think is? How do I know what's going on?
Don't make it hard to believe it Don't make it hard to go on
Put a little faith in me now Put a little trust in me somehow
Cause when I hold you I'm half a pound
Cause it's more than a feeling
In my mind, in my dream
You will love me to be somebody
Just in my heart and I can feel
You will take me to recovery
I wanna make you love me for forever
All of me, all of me
Ah yeah yeah, oooh
Ah yeah yeah, oooh
Ah yeah yeah, oooh
Oh, yeah, yeah
Let's listen in on an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting.
Do we want to be accepted by Hollywood?
No!
Do we care what people think of us?
No!
Do we want people to kiss our ass?
Yes!
Extreme Bimani Radio, that's us, Orange Lounge Radio.
We are back, Orange Lounge Radio. Here we are, episode number 103.
You know what, Rob? Pretty soon we'll get to use the other promo again.
I know, because Pump Up The Volume is doing it. When are you officially moving that?
Well, I start school August 16th, but I think I have an orientation the week before,
so it's probably going to be either the first or second week in August.
Alright, but this week you can hear Pump Up The Volume what night?
Monday. Monday is Sunday.
And what happens on Monday night at 7 and 7.30?
Well, actually I've started my pre-show a whole lot earlier now because I usually just get bored.
Pre-show's been now starting about 6.45.
6.45 to 7 o'clock. And then around 7.30
I start the normal show and it's supposed to end at 10.30, but sometimes I just stay
bored and keep going. You're basically just a radio whore. I'm such a whore.
So what do you do on that show? It's supposedly a request show, but nobody ever
request anything anymore except Dark Knight. Angel does sometimes when she's there. If
you hang out in our chat room, like many of you are right now, you can request to spend
any song that you want to listen to. I've got access now to more music so my library
will just be growing. So, in fact, I'm also, I've been trying to start a segment on my
show that's Dark Sakura email, much in the vein of Strong Bad email, where I answer your
email. Will you talk with a voice like this? I'm not going to be doing the... Dear Dark
Sakura. No, I'm kidding. I'm not going to be talking in the Strong Bad voice. You take
some stuff, add some more stuff, and answer the email. I'm not going to be doing that,
no. So, just send me a private message on our forums. Hint, hint, hint at orangejonesradio.com.
But really you can do anything with our forums. Because nobody uses them for anything. Or
shoot me an email to darksakra at gmail.com. Because you can send it right to me. Or you
We can send it to our other email at orangeonsradio.yahoo.com.
And I prefer having mp3s to OGGs, thank you.
I can use them, but I can't play them on the station.
Tuesday nights is Diversion, the Orange Ons Radio remix show, which will not be live for
the next couple of weeks because I'm not going to be in town, but do enjoy the great music
on there.
and bump up the playlist a little bit before I leave town.
And there's some really good stuff.
Awesome music.
Some more people have been tuning in lately and just
hearing what a great show that is.
If you like Loki's remixes, there's tons of very talented
people just like them out there remixing with Monty songs.
And we like to give all those songs a place to be heard.
So the version's that place.
7 o'clock Tuesday nights here on the station.
Wednesday nights are empty right now, but I hope to have
an announcement about Vanilla Sky when I
get back from my trip.
yes lanky style
he's picking his nose that's alright
remember
you can pick your friends
you can pick your nose
but if you pick your friend's nose you're a big gross
you're
paraplegic and they need their nose picked
god damn it i'm doing them a favor
anyway if you need to
this is what squeezers are for okay
I don't care about the handicap. I just want to make that clear.
You have a fetish for picking the nose of paraplegics. That's it.
When did this show derail that quickly? That's what I want to know.
When? How about episode two, when I wasn't here?
uh...
how about on that uh... bar train
uh...
moving on there's actually some actual other bamani news going on this weekend
as bamani news that doesn't involve california do we have high money action
california
california
this is uh... lows
lows is a big theater chain
I don't know if they have any Lowe's here in California.
I don't know.
I know what Lowe's is.
No it's not Lowe's hardware store, it's Lowe's theater chain.
They are hosting an ultimate film fan contest and for whatever reason being an ultimate
film fan involves lots of Sony Playstation 2 video games.
Because they will be having these local events going on where you can play Karaoke Revolution
Volume 2 and, get this, DDR Extreme before it comes out.
Before it comes out, you'll be able to play DDR Extreme.
And these are all happening on the East Coast.
It's going from Texas to Michigan to Jersey to New York, Massachusetts, Washington, that's
about the closest it's going to get to here, Ohio, New York, Maryland, and Illinois.
This is running from July through September, so if you live in one of those areas, you
You want to get a jump on Extreme and you want to check it out and see what it's all
about, definitely check out this Lowes Film Fan thing going on and you can play Extreme
before anyone else.
Of course Karaoke Revolution Volume 2, that's already out, so, but, I mean, you can play
it here if you want.
I think they left California out on purpose.
Maybe.
Oh.
I'm getting a news flash here, actually, right now.
Mel B is sending us something, our buddy from ddrspot.com, check them out, they're going
to have some interviews up this week, you're going to want to see.
But Mel B wants me to pass this along.
There will be a Konami booth at Comic Con in San Diego this week, Thursday through Sunday.
At the booth will be the most recent demos of DDR Extreme and UltraMix 2 for PS2 and
Xbox.
So, what do you think that's going to mean we're going to have next week?
New song list. So if you want to check out what some of the new songs on these demos are going to be, Thursday through Sunday, Comic Con, San Diego, Konami will also be doing contests and giveaways.
Fabulous prizes. California doesn't miss out completely.
You know, I want to know, why do people always leave out my home state with this?
We need DDR contests in Alabama.
We do?
Yes.
People in the South play DDR too.
Skype line's open if you have a comment.
Okay, we're going to leave out the Wayne's World jokes.
Alright.
All of us!
Well, we'll get into the FUs here a little bit, but
I still am trying to figure out why a movie theater would just randomly have DDR,
Then I kind of think back to the Metreon, how they have the DDR- what?
What is Brad saying over there? What?
We were making a joke about people calling so I was
breaking into the Blondie song and I was doing the whole
sex line thing.
Pick up the phone! Does that only air in this area?
Or is that a nationwide commercial? It's nationwide. It's been on
on TV forever. It's always on during Jerry Springer. I just...
I love when the sci-fi channel used to do Saturday Night Anime
and then they changed it to Saturday morning anime and they always used to
play those commercials between
like in the commercial break you know so they got anime which is considered
cartoons you know over here.
Alright we got a call. We got a call. Hey! Don't interrupt me!
They can hold. They can hold. Okay I'm finished.
Alright, we got a caller.
You're on Orange Lounge. I hope I'm not interrupting.
No, it's alright. It's cool. Who's that? Hello again, Sky. It's me,
Siggy. Hi, Siggy. How you doing? Yeah. Got a comment?
Well, just a random stuff. You know, in case you have any
problems, you know, problems pronouncing Japanese titles or Japanese names, you
know, don't hesitate to call me.
Which, by the... Um, you could ask me, but they never do.
Yeah, but you see, you're never here, so I'm just kidding. Excuse you!
I'm just kidding. I just wanted to get the glare.
I think it's much funnier to hear Rob destroy the Japanese language.
Yeah, isn't it funnier to hear me stumble through it, though? I think that's why Jamie doesn't bother
to step in and correct me, because it's so much funnier when I fuck it up.
At least you're finally saying Sakura right, sort of. Sakura?
Sakura? Sakura. Dark Sakura?
Dark says... Wait a minute, actually...
I've been studying Japanese since I was 9 years old so all I can say is my accent is
already 95% accurate.
Do you actually have Japanese in your blood or have you just been otaku since birth?
Well actually I learned it by accident.
How did that work?
Back in the Philippines where I was actually born there were a few channels and then one
One of them is a Japanese learning show, and then I'll learn how to speak Japanese.
That's where I got my accent and my grammar.
Interesting.
Hmm.
All right.
Cool.
Shiba Rashi.
Anything else you want to comment on besides your offer to correct me when I screw up,
which is quite often?
Well, it's not really a screw up, but it's just, you know, if you're having fun.
Yeah, it is.
Oh, Rob.
He's so funny.
He's so white.
Alright, thanks for calling, Siggy.
We will hear from you later take care
I think I have that old promo
hold on here we go here's how wide and I think it's in this promo
Hello out there
This is Rob, but you might know me in the online world as Skye.
On June 23rd at 7pm Pacific Time, join DarkSakura and I for the...
I don't remember that!
Did I fuss?
You totally fussed!
I totally fussed at you for that!
...at 7pm Pacific Time, join DarkSakura and I for the Orange Lounge.
Also, that's actually grammatically incorrect because you don't use and I, it would be in me.
Whatever
You're going the grammar police man, I'm double
As an object it was two years ago. Give me a break
It was when I was a radio amateur Kansai
Dude Kansai Ben is like so hot
I told them ski.
Yeah, ski.
Yeah, just call me ski.
That pisses me off enough.
No, I'm kidding.
It doesn't piss me off.
Actually, yeah, because somebody I really like still calls me ski to this day, so I
just learned to deal with it.
It's cool.
Gee!
Shut up.
I didn't say it was you, Aaron.
Okay, the difference in Kansai is like, I'm trying to be like, if it's so saying like
Like Nani Desuka, you'd say Nani Atenka, something like that.
It's a different dialect of Japanese.
Arigato?
Arigato.
You say arigato like we say arigato.
Right.
Sony Chiba is the man.
What did he say?
Okay, he's like, what did he say after that?
Very good.
Okay, I think what we need to do
is go into the FUs of the week.
What do you guys think?
Woohoo, my favorite part.
All right, remember, we only have a half hour show left,
so let's try to keep this a relatively good length here.
So here we go.
Uh, here we go, we're going to start it off, uh, Dark Sakura, are you ready?
Yeah, I'm ready to be randy.
Dark Sakura, are you ready to go?
Okay, you can eat, where's the ferret?
Alright, what do we do during the FUs of the week?
We throw paper towels at Rob.
Hey, I need that ferret! Don't wipe it on your... F you to wiping the ferret on your
ass, okay? Go ahead and rob now.
Oh, eh.
Give me that.
Anyway...
You get that ferret thrown at your head and rob you from under his head.
F.U. time. Let's do it.
F.U. to all you people for distracting me. Okay.
Oh, okay.
Hahahaha.
Oh. Those people.
Anyway, um, F.U. to distracting me because I've been so easily distracted all day.
And as you to being fatigued all damn day. I'm trying to go out and spend a day with my fiancee, you know
Spending money which I consider highly romantic because money is the way to win my heart
Sex has nothing to do with it. It's money
No money is the mean
And sex is just the stuff that happens
sex is what you get when you give me money
hey are you saying that I am a whore?
I didn't say anything you just did
it robs the whore
yeah that's the story of my life anyway
I'm really not that shallow by the way but still we were going out
we were going laserdisc hunting today because I found
the beauty and the beast work in progress laserdisc which goes for like
a hundred something dollars on eBay for ten bucks last night and I was going
going back to buy more leggings tonight anyway I was getting so tired and Dan's
like let's go to the Tower books so I can sit in this chair and read a book
about Pac-Man merchandise for an hour while his poor poor poor suffering
fiance has to go to the bathroom and there's no public bathroom at Tower
books. Okay Dan hurry up. Okay Dan hurry up. Okay Dan hurry up. Okay Dan hurry up. And
finally I'm like get your ass out of the chair. I have to go to the bathroom. So, it wasn't
really like that, but, but we, yeah it was the poultry emergency. I was about to do the
dance. Anyway, um, another F.U. goes toward, um, like people who, SUV drivers in general.
There are, I have to say, a few people out there who know how to responsibly drive their
vehicle and then there's everybody else who ruins it for the few who do.
You people do not need to be driving a vehicle that big, okay?
That's why I want my freaking rebuilt Humvee with an assault rifle built onto it so I can
gun your asses down and drive over you in my armored vehicle and not have you all in
my way and I will stay in my lane and abide by the speed limit okay and my gun
will be on a torrent yeah so I can get the people who are trying to get behind
me oh you tell game ass you're dead to you the
road okay I just need my own road okay I need the Jetsons car so that I don't
have to deal with traffic I need my own jet Rob I want a jet maybe that's why
I'll make a note of that another F you goes toward my schedule for being so
damn busy this week that I haven't been able to get to the gym as much as I
wanted to I supposed to go running today I was up so late last night another F you
goes to insomnia because I have it really bad another F you goes toward
money for not having much of it distance for it existing and not being able to go
where I want to go or see who I want to see or do what I want to do another SU
goes toward the general attitude in this state because I'm getting really sick of
it and I really really need to just get back to Alabama for a week so that I can
be around people who were relatively polite and have good manners at least to
your face um I just it's just been kind of a and it's gonna be a crap yeah
another SU to peak season at my job all of you people who are trying to go to
school and I guess that's including me you know try calling your financial aid
office instead of calling me first even though they probably don't know what
they're doing yeah and a big SU goes to a RC's financial aid office learn the
freaking student aid process and tell it to other people. If one of you is going to say
something to somebody, make sure all of you are saying the same thing. Instead of one
person saying thing A, one person saying thing B, just stay on the right page. Stay on the
same page. At least be consistent with your information. And that's really, I guess, about
it. I've gotten the angst out. They're currently sitting over there molesting the ferrets furiously
in a stroking manner. And I think the ferret likes it. And I bet Rob doesn't know what
I just said. Yes, because I was saying goodbye to Brad because he's leaving. Bye, Brad. Bye.
Meanwhile, Loki's cock is just stiff and erect. Half hour show, Jamie. Half hour left in the
the show jimmy and i'm going to try
i think that i think that i think that you are going to be sorry i think you
are right
moving on uh... logy's turn
after that
okay
uh... anyway uh...
like you too
uh...
to radio shack because
like if the computers break and you start to panic party must be there to
know how to fix things. Yeah, I thought that's what Radio Shack was. Just fix things, sell
me satellite dishes and cell phones. Oh, and batteries. Um, so you suck. And, f you to
stupid SUV drivers because you suck and you can't drive your SUV, you think it's like
a race car or like a highly maneuverable car or a car that will just, you know, let go
of the wheel and it will drive in the lane. No, it's not a compact car. Sorry, it's no,
not a um... it just sucks. Don't drive an SUV if you don't have kids or if you're driving
alone. You should have another car for driving when you're alone. It should be a one person
car. Not this car that can hold 50 people. You don't see bus drivers driving buses around
aimlessly without anyone in there in parking and compact spaces. I do not expect you to
be doing the same. So please, do not park your SUVs in compact spaces. I don't like
And those stupid fuckers that park on the line.
Just because your tire is on the line does not count.
It needs to be in the line.
You know, I can't open my door when you're on the line and the person next to me is on the line.
Or over the line because your SUV is too big and you're parking in a compact space.
God you people are so stupid you won't walk the extra few feet because
OH MY GOD all that SUV driving has gotten me tired and if I have to stand this heat for any longer I'm gonna die!
I'm also fucking stupid kids with laser pointers in movie theaters. You're not funny. And no, you cannot destroy the robots with laser pointers. It just does not work.
Also, um, fuck you to the stupid previews before movies, because, you know, that's just the lane of my movie watching time, and I really don't want to see another preview for The Manchurian Candidates. I will not see that movie. It's a remake. If I wanted to see the movie, I'd watch the original, not with Denzel Washington.
And finally, finally, finally, um, fuck you to the goddamn people at round table, because
I go there to get a lunch buffet, and they have to be jackasses and go, I DON'T WANNA
MAKE PIZZAS FOR THE BUFFET, WELL DON'T OFFER A BUFFET IF YOU DON'T WANNA MAKE PIZZAS FOR
THE BUFFET, AND THEN YOU THINK YOU'RE SO SPAR- HEY, I'M GONNA MAKE A VEGETARIAN PIZZA,
I have to wait, you know, forever for them to make god damn pizzas. Just pop in a couple
pepperonis, they take less than a few seconds to make, okay? And stop whining. I mean, I
swear to god, it's not like, you know, you're going to be there forever. And I'm done. Alright,
moving on, my turn. My nephew goes to stress, especially before this trip, I have to take
by myself. I have a hard time going to the bathroom by myself, let alone having to travel
back to the East Coast. Don't give me a funny look when I say that, Aaron. Girls go to the
bathroom together all the time.
Oh, interesting.
You know, I just, I don't, I'm really distressed about the trip, and yeah, but, you know, what
can you do? And I nephew to the fact I'm going to miss all the good TV shows while I'm gone,
because I do watch all my TV through BitTorrent, and I'm not going to be able to do that while
I'm out. After the fact, I wasn't able to get a laptop for my trip, so I will have absolutely
nothing to do at night except masturbate. But that's alright, because I'm going to get
a lot of that done. But Aaron, I can safely say I won't be thinking of you when I do it.
So allow me to be the first DDR male to tell you that. I will not be thinking of you when
and I masturbate.
Oh, sometimes I wish Loki was
my touch 24-7.
I'll be thinking of that comment right there, yeah.
It's a good thing he didn't hear a dark circle.
And uh, I had other FUs, but I forget what they were, so I guess I'll just, you know, move on.
Oh...
Um...
I guess that's it. Alright, moving on.
Let's hear from other folks in our studio right now. We'll start it off with...
Violent Hyper Girl.
Hi! Okay. Um...
FU to, uh, stupid fanboys who publicly post on forums saying they want to have sex with me.
Please give it to yourself. It's a fucking public fall
Jesus desperate people do it if you want sex that badly go find a whore
Or something and not to my routine
my CVPL routine does not constitute as porn or masturbation fodder
okay um f you yeah it's actually it should actually be illegal because i was under 18
at the time. PEDOPHILES! Alright, second F.U. goes to audio talk with A.X. You smell? Please
shower? It doesn't kill you to take like ten minutes out of the day to shower, okay? That's
why people go to cons, is to not shower. You're talking about the lobby boys, the ones who
sleep in the lobby, right? Or even the people in hotel rooms! I mean, like, showers! There's
showers! Okay. Yeah, at least one. You're not gonna shower for all four days. At least
shower for one of the days.
For those who didn't hear Jamie's comment, she said, it's Anime Expo. What are they gonna
and honestly you have no chance with any girl japanese or asian or white and you don't fucking
shower dude you know you you might raise your chances just a little bit just a little fucking
bit no no last photo i saw boob what was that from uh real boob not fake boob not john boob
Real boob.
For, yeah.
What was that from?
My boob.
What was that from the fat moe that was walking around?
But yeah, please, don't suffocate us.
Another F.U. goes out to physics, for obvious reasons, I don't have to really state why.
Yeah, just physics.
F.U. goes out to being sick, but I honestly kind of don't care because I was helping out
a friend who was sick, so I knew what I was putting myself out in front of, so I kind
of accept the responsibility for getting myself sick. So yeah. And um, let's see, I can't
really think of anything else other than the fanboy issue which I could go off on for hours
We have 10 minutes left on the show, so you're not going to do that.
Oh.
Yeah.
But, uh, yeah.
We can move on.
Moving on.
Jonas.
Oh, let me touch the cock first.
Okay, I was talking about that.
Okay, the first SD goes to Inzuma of 469 for almost screwing my tournament up in June 25th
Who the hell do you think you are trying to control my tournament?
Who the hell do you think you are saying,
OOH THE PET PEDO DOESN'T WORK!
Well get used to their fucking pads,
these are the best damn pads out there in Sacramento,
in case you haven't been there Sky.
I haven't.
Okay?
And quit your whining about,
for one and a half hours you delayed the whole tournament,
everyone was bitching at me.
up those pads are so squeaky clean that i can see aaron's image in them oh yeah oh yeah
oh yeah right there
oh man okay the next empty goes to this bitch at work
Well not, well it's like some b**** customer who's saying, oh you're a freakin, I'm a good
woman and you're just a f****** worker just getting minimum wage, who the f*** do you
think you are calling me a low class person?
First of all, second of all we kicked everybody out of the trap because, this is the German
Repairer's Island as I work there, this, first of all your kids can't drive for s***, it
no bumping and you're killing my ass trying to get me fired well fuck you
I'm gonna kick your ass if I have a chance I have a whip on my car all
spiked up in braids. Does it have braids Aaron? They could. They could eh? How long is the whip?
Damn! Okay, and I'll get another ask you guys too.
Sony spiked up my freakin' strawberry daiquiri drink.
You put a hell of vodka in it!
No, I mean, there's no strawberry daiquiri in it.
They put like, it's a nasty type of vodka in it.
I know it's kind of, it's not the Smirnoff version, it's like some other vodka.
Actively split that I'm in front of my parents and stuff
While eating a delicate dinner during the cruise
FU to my skin because when one side is hella dark and the other is hella light
No matter how many times I go to the pool it still remains the same thing
Oh really
Okay, I'm gonna heat it up a little bit
Yeah
Time be wasted for my other FUs. I'll continue the FUs next week
Alright, puppy.
I said two weeks.
Two weeks, sorry.
Yeah, don't forget next week.
We won't be here.
Puppy.
Okay.
Okay, since time is short, I'll make this quick.
Fuck school, fuck my car, fuck funerals, fuck the funeral across the street, fuck the number
zero when it's alone, and fuck mold, and fuck my refrigerator.
That's all.
Alright, let's get to our chat room FUs then. Here we go. Started off with Dark Knight.
Dark Knight says, let me start with a big FU and that's for my car to go kerplunk on
me. Ended up having to catch a ride to work for the weekend. Another for being a broke
ass mofo and finally work, that is all.
DDR Angel says, FU to Skype for freezing while trying to run on my system. FU to QRO for
giving me sprite errors and other continuous errors spontaneously while I'm trying to play.
I want to play F you to feeling like I'm fully packed but then thinking I'm still going to forget something man
I guess I'm done and I can sympathize with thinking you're packed when you're not because I'm having that same problem right now
Good power says F you to this horrible retainer. I can't say anything coherently when I have it on
You know what too bad you had braces you have the retainer now deal with it. We all had to yep
Let's do it. I stopped wearing my retainer after three months.
And look at me now!
I got all three of my teeth!
Flairone says, F you to the official PS2 headset.
I got karaoke revolution this weekend and the headphones are crappy.
The Xbox headset is actually decently sturdy.
I actually thought the KR1 was a little better, but...
Potato potato.
VX JasonXV says, my one and only FU. FU to people who show up almost an hour after the tournament was scheduled to start, and starting about one and a quarter hours late.
Oh, and Rai-chan is passing one along too. FU to other girls who repeatedly try to hang all over your boyfriend, even more so when it's right in front of you.
Then that's when, you know, you just shake your hand, and ask them what the five fingers said to the face.
That's hot.
Uh, Evil Naoki 2DX says,
F you to Noria for singing Sylvia Drive.
That song's been in my head for the past four days.
Oh, and one F you to commercials before movies.
I agree.
F you to the 20.
Fuck that shit.
Fuck the 20.
I got 20 for you right here.
Uh, John Field says,
I guess my only F you is that connection was too short.
Oh, and F.U. to claiming that Mega Man Anniversary Collection has remixed music when all it's using are the music tracks from Power Fighter slash Battles.
Oh, interesting. It does have remixed music.
I thought it was the overclocked one.
There wasn't much remixed. Like, if you change it to the F.U. mode, it's all remixed music.
Interesting.
Alright, that's all the FUs right now.
Some folks wanted to comment on some convention things you were talking about, Aaron, so I'm
going to open the Skype line back up since we only have a few minutes left in the show
anyway.
Maybe some folks have comments on who knows what else.
So we're just going to kind of finish up the show with a little bit of that.
Yeah, I think there was some Anime Expo commentaries.
Somebody wanted to add.
I've never, I've only ever been to like one anime convention in my entire life, you know.
There was an Anime Expo, it was a little one.
Alright, here it is. It's Richie. Richie wants to...
Richie's back on the Skype line. He wants to talk to us about an Anime Expo story.
I think that Aaron brought up. So, what's up, Richie?
Hey, uh, nothing much. Just a couple of, uh...
World Stories from AnimeCon this year.
Um...
Well, yeah, just...
Okay, what'd you want to tell us about?
Um...
Hey buddy, you're skipping up a little bit there, um, uh, stop your torrents and stop
your Winamp for a second.
See if that helps.
I don't know what the hell is wrong with my connection.
Alright.
We can hear you now.
What's up?
Okay.
Um, well I just want to say that, yeah, a lot of the guys there didn't know what the
hell the concept of a shower meant, so it stinks like high heaven over there.
At least my roommates still were like, they would shower every day and stuff, don't worry
about it.
And other than that, well, other than, you know, like, stinky idiots, you get the drunken
idiots too who ruin everything. I don't know if you've heard about this, but on Saturday
night, Sunday morning, we had to close down the convention center.
I was there. That was the toilet. I didn't remember what happened, right?
Yeah. What happened that night, for people who don't know, in the arcade in the Fanime
2004 convention, somebody decided to blow up the toilet and it ended up flooding that
whole second floor of the convention center, so they had to close the arcade down, which
Which is almost the only thing to do in the middle of the night, save for the video rooms.
Yeah, and if I can add to that.
I was staffing the arcade during that shift, so they had me pull Khan Security.
You remember how tired I looked, Aaron?
Yeah, they took all the arcade workers, and what they did was they made them work security
to make sure nobody went into the upper areas.
And you saw how tired I was.
When I was up, I was listening to Nami Tamaki for like, how many hours straight.
Yeah, actually at Fatime 2, they played the same Nami Tamaki CD for all four days.
All four days, it was hell. I mean, I was starting to sing along to it, and it was just crazy.
Other than that though, oh, and if I could put in a plug for another con that's coming up,
We have the Chinatown Anime Fair in San Francisco. It's coming up September 11th and 12th.
It's $10 to be registered. Go over to JTAF.com to pre-reg.
It's going to be pretty cool. Check out the site. We've got a few guests of honor you might want to check out.
Hope to see you all there.
Alright, sounds good. We've got to get going Richie, but thanks for the call.
Yeah, no problem. I'll see you guys later.
Take care, bud.
Alright, so that's about it, we've got to start wrapping up the show here, let's go
around and get everybody's final thoughts, starting off with Jonas.
Uh, can you cover up to the later on?
Okay, Erin.
Oh, well, the thing, oh I just wanted to add one thing that really, really sucked about
Anime Expo, was that, I guess since the cons have been held there for so long, that they
knew about, they well knew about the BO, so what they did was they turned the AC on really,
really high. So if you walk through the convention center tonight, it was like, at least like
sixty-five degrees in there, if not lower.
No sweat, no BS. Final thought from Puppy.
Uh, yeah, I, Loki's cock really is big, isn't it?
Jonas, do or die, final thought. Uh, it tastes very good, too.
Loki, final thought. I'm taking that cock back to work, and I'm
I'm leaving it there.
My final thought is, listen to the Bimani Music Amore program.
We need people to whore up our listening hours because our ratings have been dropping and
that makes me sad.
Jamie, final thought?
Tastes great, less filling.
Last word of the show, Erin really wants it, so why not?
I don't know what it is.
One word that sums it all up.
Aaron, what is tonight's...
Well, hold on, I gotta make sure our outro's ready to go.
Aaron, what is tonight's...
Final word?
Movies!
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Dark Sakura, Sky, and Loki.
If you'd like to leave us a comment, send us an email at orangeloungeradioatyahoo.com.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
I have not had sex in almost two years.
And I think once you hate two years, you automatically get your virginity back.
You get to start over. And I'm about to.
What is wrong with me? I don't understand.
I'm just going to have to trick somebody into doing it.
Use trickery.
I'm going to have to cover with leaves and hope somebody falls in.
That's going to be the only way.
I think I would be really hot if I didn't talk. That's my problem.
I just have a big mouth and I just say the wrong things, but I don't know.
Like, it's weird. I try. I have one pickup line which never works.
This is what I do.
If I'm at a club and I see a guy that I like, I'll smile.
And if he smiles back, I feel comfortable.
And when I feel really comfortable, I'll walk over and I'll say,
Stick it in!
So, um, as you know by now, I'm Korean.
I don't have a store or anything.
Well, not anymore.
I look very Korean.
I have very typically Korean features.
I look like one of those girls that you would see in a Korean grocery store on a calendar
holding a box of soy milk.
Drink by the toy, it's good for you I have a Korean name, my Korean name is Moran
which is a pretty name but you have to understand I've heard my mother scream it from across
the hills. I'm sure you can relate. When I get famous enough, I want to have my own fragrance
and have it be called Moran and have the ads be old Asian women coming out of French doors
like in the Eggo East ad.
Don't you think that's sexy?
It's just, it's so hot.
My mother is convinced that everybody in show business does drugs.
She's like, oh, you cannot go to the club because they take the drone.
The people, they take the cocaine.
And then they take the D. What is it? The D? The L? The D? The D?
Mom, it's LSD. How do you know that?
My mother has a problem with blind intersections.
She will sit there for a very long time and rant.
They never give you a chance!
So since I was about 10 years old, almost all of my friends have been gay men.
And my mother would give me phone messages from them when they would call me when I lived at home.
Um... Scott called...
IS HE THE GAY?!
Well, God, Mom, I don't know if he's THE gay.
That's a lot of pressure to be THE gay.
All of that resting on one guy.
He has to do the parade all by himself.
I'm here. I'm queer.
I guess I'm the only one.
My parents are very conservative, but surprisingly gay-positive.
In the late 70s, we owned a bookstore in San Francisco on Polk Street, which then was a
huge gay mecca.
And my mother, for some reason, was in charge of the gay pornography section.
So every day she would walk over there, I don't know why we have this room.
job.
The most harrowing experience I ever had with my mother was one time I wanted to go see
this movie with my friends and she would not let me go with my friends, she had to come
with me. So I had to go see The Wall with my mom. Halfway through the movie somebody
actually passed her a joint. What is this? I don't know why they give this to me. That's
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
I'm going to go buy popcorn. That's like that's like one of her first ones. That was long
But seriously that was like one of her best bits right there. Seriously. It's it's the greatest
That's what I would play for anybody who wants to know what Margaret shows all about cuz that just sums it all up right in
There okay, we are in the afterbirth and we'll open up the skype line for any calls
I think there were a couple people that missed the chance to call during the show
So we'll give a chance right now if they want to call in guess what you can't talk to me. Bye
Bye.
Oh, are you leaving?
I'm leaving.
Alright.
Bye, Jamie.
Bye.
Thanks for coming, of course, as always.
Bye.
So, studio, studio dark.
I feel all warm.
We're going to be in studio dark Sakura next week, right?
Shut up, Rob, if we can fit people in there because there's a bunch of boxes.
Jamie's got a lot of boxes.
Okay.
We've been, we had to take all of the boxes out of Dan's mom's garage when she moved.
Uh-huh.
So we have them all piled up in the upstairs room.
The downstairs is taken up by pole position cabinets for the main machine.
So, we'll have to be creative. People are going to have to sit on boxes and sit on the floor, but we'll be able to do it.
Well, I'm going to miss everybody next week.
I'll miss you too, but my aim is improving.
Shut up. I wish I had Skype in Pennsylvania. Well, not that you've got the Skype thing set up, but we'll get it set up sometime.
Not on the show, but I can't get it to work with the broadcaster I use.
Yeah, that's the only reason we can do it now is because I'm using a different broadcaster.
I might have to show me how to do that. I might have to work that out someday.
But I like the other broadcaster because I can talk over music where my sound card doesn't normally let me do that.
Right on.
Stupid piece of crap, Vio.
Anyway, I'm going. Bye.
Bye-bye. Have a good one.
So, well, nobody's calling in on the Skyplane. I thought somebody was going to, but I guess not.
Well, too bad.
Yeah, too bad. Too bad's so sad.
It's all right. Yeah, Logie.
I'm just glad I got to talk to Mel. That was nice.
He's a good man. He's a good guy to chat with.
Oh! Finally, we're getting a call!
Howdy, you're on Orange Lounge.
Hey Sky, this is John Fields.
Hey, what's up?
Not much. Um, I'd just like to say a couple of words. I went to my first...
Alright, that's it. That was a couple of words. No, I'm kidding. I'm kidding. What's up?
I went to my first anime convention this weekend, actually. It was held right on my campus, actually.
Really? And what was that all about?
It was Kineticon, and it was a really fun experience
but I think I kind of blew it on the anime because I really didn't actually go to see any
screenings. I was stuck playing video games the whole time.
What kind of video games are going on there?
I actually got to play Papa Music for the first time there.
How'd you like it? It was a very fun game.
me when I pick up the controller and play it at home or something like that.
It's a fun game to have. You should pick it up.
Alright. Alright, thanks for calling. Take care.
Okay. Talk during the show sometime. Sure, no problem.
Alright, later. I had to, we missed a call in there, cause I forget, cause I, well sometimes
like even if we're, there's no call waiting or anything and I can't conference thing or
anything so I have to remember to put it back in do not disturb or else like everybody will
we'll call it once, which is of course what always happens, you sit there and you wait
forever. Remember guys, if you want to call, just get on the skype line and give us a call,
and then like everybody will call it once. It's crazy. Oh well, what can you do? I'll
leave it up in a few more minutes, and then I'm going to pull the plug for a... We got
the time. What's that? I finished the wiring on my main cabinet. Meaning all I got to do
plug shit together and we'll be good to go and the TV and yeah all right well I
think we are gonna oh here here comes another call stop you're on orange
haunted radio hello hello it's time oh no hey hey what's up who's this uh hi
hi oh crap hold on yeah first rule of radio turn down the radio when you're on
radio that's all right well oops we're all learning hey it's amateur radio on
our end we expect it to be on your into what's up and not much just want to say
hi who is this uh tan dork dork unfortunately unfortunately the skype
doesn't let me type four characters in my name so I had to type mr. Urkel that's
a good name though that he was adored it fits yeah it fits yeah well hey so
So, what's up? Did you have a comment on anything from tonight's show or anything?
Not much.
Do you want to ask Puppy how he thinks of, uh...
You're gonna ask me that again?
Hey, you requested it.
No, I didn't. You just...
Yes, you did. She specifically said that.
When did she say that?
Check her last, uh... LJ post.
Ooh, LJ drama.
Ha ha ha.
He's one of... one of our friends, so...
Hey, there's a good segue for me to plug the LiveJournal community, Orange Lounge, all
one word right there.
And no drama on our community, unfortunately, but if you look at like the Friends page with
all our members, you can get plenty of drama from all their journals.
It's fabulous.
It's really good for killing time to read up on LiveJournal drama.
Yeah.
Alright, well thanks for giving the show a call.
Later Doric.
Let's show some time.
Alright.
Later.
Later.
See, Skype is fun.
Click.
Yeah, I like the little clicky noise it makes when we hang up on people.
Alright, I guess that's it.
We're out of here.
I'm kind of done with tonight's show.
I'll leave this open a few more minutes.
I know Angel was really trying to get through and I don't know what happened, but yeah.
I'll be uploading my two new remixes, the XC-1 and the Room of Angels one, probably
tonight actually, for other reasons.
You want to be able to let our listeners download it, right?
That's the number one reason.
They can listen to it before everyone else.
Exactly.
Alright, I'm going to set up a post-show here right now.
You know, this was really popular last week, we played some stuff from the Ministry of
sound compilation, the annual. So I'm going to do that again, except we only got through
disc one last week, so I'm just going to go ahead and start it off with disc two tonight.
Excuse me. Who are you turning into? I know, I'm turning into Aaron here. Ooh, double your
pleasure. Anyway guys, thank you so much for tuning into and supporting Orange Lounge Radio,
and I'm going to miss everything next week, and actually for the next two weeks. Have
Have a good one, and I guess that's it. Bye guys.
As always, thank you for supporting Orange Lawns Radio, have a good one.
The sun's shining, the sun's shining The sun's shining
I've been waiting for a sunny day Time went by to make some hay
Could I see the west of fire?
