The cornerstone of any nutritious breakfast.
That was huge. Cool.
Do you mind if I take my new car for a ride?
Catherine, the only thing you're gonna be riding is me.
Have you seen Malcolm? Lena?
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to my underground lair.
So it was you. I was going to expose you.
I know. So I choose to expose myself.
Please, there are ladies' presents.
This job would be great if it wasn't for the fucking customers.
Dark Sakura.
Oh my god, I see a bloody stump!
Sky.
Anytime in the place, baby.
Loki.
Ow, my foot! Why did I shoot myself in my foot?
Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live! Believe it or not, we are live.
And this is episode number 102 for this July the 11th, 2004.
You're listening to the Internet's most vacationing radio station of all things BEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
money and then some.
I'm one of your happy campers, Rob Roberts, also known as Sky.
Joining me as always is the happiest bunny in our camp, counselor Jamie Summers, also known as StarkSakura.
Your mic's not on, babe.
Oh, is it on now?
There we go, yes.
Don't let me cancel anybody.
My advice will be get a gun.
uh...
i'd lost the whole script in the whole computer everything so i had to just
write it is now visit
but i like this campaign we've got going but waiting here this next line of
capital
i hate it
uh... that really is that like
also say hello to our fire fire marshall tech massa loki
you still read that off from the living color i don't care
I don't care
joining us tonight also we have some very special guests
say hello to a guest I guess
as in singular
say hello to
Hello to Bug
also known as Neil
you don't have a fancy stage last name though you want one?
what can we give Neil as the last name?
Neil
I'll let our chat room think about that one
uh... you can join our chat room
debbie debbie dollars laundry dot com yes
we have not been here for
like three weeks now to be able to be here in a month
and i think that you can do it
and he was a you can't be for like
years and and and that
program of all things
right how could i think that her graduation work i think that was the
week we ended up not having a show anyway you're going to have more also
before i was
i was being a lucky way
we have that's that's right i remember that now because we're making fun of the
at the Ren Faire on the show while you weren't here.
I was like, I had a good time at the Ren Faire, but they didn't have any mead and it pissed
me off.
But you have meat now, right?
No.
Mead.
Oh, mead.
I thought you said meat.
Brood honey.
Oh, never mind.
Sorry, I have a dick in my ear.
Well.
You know they have surgery for that, Rob.
All that TMI and plenty more when we come back, there's like three weeks of ranting
catch up on
so much of the money
not really i mean basically i can add another and i can wrap it up right here
news
there plenty of what money
d r within the media
because somebody lost weight
there you go you just
more than anything and i had a heart attack there's more than that will be
talking about that
when we come back after this
of just a d r music i want to play
and they'll be back and uh... will get started with the catching up
tell everybody you know
Orange Lounge is back on the air and we're taking names, we'll be back.
Get up and move that body
Get up people now get down to it
For the night it's over
Get up get up get busy do it
I wanna see you party
Get up people now get down to it
For the night it's over
Get down
Get up
Get down
Get up
1 2 I'm a party
3 4 so get your butt on the floor
5 6 will you take the mix
Let it shake it down, we got to take a stand, now that we're in demand
Party all night, cut the mic, do what's right and you just might
Win a battle you never forged, just by shaking to strike at your voice
Hope we're in on it, on it, can't get with it and do that thing
Get up, get up, get busy, do it, get up and move that body
Get up people, now get down to it, for the night is over
Get up, get up, get busy, do it, I wanna see you party
Can I sleep when I get down to it?
Do it for the night, it's over
Higher, higher and higher
Take you higher
All the screaming and you're out at your call
I'd get my body up, you did that décord
I'm a veteran, now which means that I've been
In the game, dream all, six or seven
Way back when, I been puttin' it down
And could only do so bad if it's your list I have now
I felt like a butterfly, sing like a meme
Spectacular over in my city
Got old folks never givin' it less than the best
Rock the ears in the frame at your request
You like to rhyme, I can't be there I kiss the bitches so I don't care
Why that's me, seems a bit to me And what a real in-scene is supposed to be
I'm fucking you up, every time that I drop The fucking ruler, baby, I done slipped the spot
I got the beat and the ride, rock the party, rock the party, rock the party
Higher than higher I'm burning like a fire
Funny death of sunlight shining in her hair
When she leaves, you want to follow
Worry where the dress is too tight
But you can't let her see you there
And she's a hot one, a hell of a young
Tula tenorita
You'll never get close enough
Tula tenorita
I know she has a mind, she has an attitude Attitude, she takes on a solid tune
She sees you, believes you, feeling good over you
Like you knew she wouldn't when she smiles It's like the sun shining on your face
Rolling and stretching the lemonade
It's in the hot water, has it been young?
Ooh la dee doo dee dum
Ah, got it all young
Ooh la dee doo dee dum
Ooh la dee doo dee dum
Orange Lounge Radio,
Bimani Music,
and more.
Perfect!
Indeed, perfect.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Here we are back with episode number 102.
We are live.
You made a promo and didn't tell me.
You know what was going on last night?
I was playing with this new software program
because I've been looking for stuff for...
Is it a promo?
You want to hear it one more time?
Hold on.
Orange Lounge Radio,
Imani Music,
and more.
Yeah, I know. Shut up, Loki.
At least I put some effort out. I was like, what the hell was that?
OMG WTFBBQ. Well, okay, I've been playing with some new toys for diversion because...
Well, okay, let's back this up a little bit.
Obviously, you might have heard I got a new kind of computer thing going on. I
I finally put in the stuff that Squeenix gave me at E3 when I won the Ballista thing, and
I put them in a couple weeks ago, and of course that's what caused the show to not be here
a couple weeks ago, but it's given me some time to play with some new things, install
some new software that didn't run good before, and one of them is this mixing program that
I was thinking about using for Diversion, because I thought it would be really cool
to have the Bamani Music remixes mixing together, I thought it would be pretty cool.
But unfortunately the software had problems of its own, but it sounds really, really good
if you have, like, these short, like, ten-second promos, like, stringing the music together.
So I made a bunch of, like, just, well, not a bunch, but, like, three quickie little promos.
Little bumpers. Little bumpers, exactly. Little bumpers. Mini
bumpers. Not really promos, but mini bumpers. But since the Buggy Baby... Shut up. Rubber
Baggy... Baggy Bomani Bumpers. I don't know. Uh, so, I'll play some more of those tonight,
because now I, that program fuckin' sucked, because after about 30 minutes and all my
my audio starts skipping, so I can't use it. So now I have those little rubber baby
bimani bumpers and nothing to use them for. So, I'll play them tonight, because everybody
bitches that we never have new promos. So, you get those.
Alright, so, I guess we have to start this episode off with a bit of an apology.
Sorry, we had lives. Okay. Hold on, I'm finding some apology music here.
Cuz as you may or may not know, this is our first show. When was episode 101? I would have to get out a calendar to look...
What?
The 18th?
I can't find that song that quick.
Yeah, it was before my birthday. I remember that much.
What was it? No.
Yeah, it was the week before my birthday, so it would have been like the 18th or something, so gosh, we've got a lot of ground to cover.
But um...
Okay, so we're gonna play some apology music here. I'm just looking for it.
this is some nice little gothy apology music
dear listeners of orange lounge radio
we offer our condolences
and jamie's hairball
for not being live for the past two weeks
jamie offers her special condolences for not being here for the past three weeks
she's missed you all dearly
but my aim is improving
And she coughs up this hairball, especially for you.
It tastes like tri-tip.
You see, what we decided to do two weeks ago was for you,
the listener, we decided to upgrade our boards and studios
so that we could have faster and better audio for those of you guys.
And plus, I would have much less headache running the show.
So we let our tech master, Loki, I'm going to blame it on him,
upgrade the computer.
Blame it on Squenix.
Microsoft.
Well actually, I can't really blame it on Microsoft because we were using piratey copy.
Oh, nope, he meant a pirate's treasure that we found.
A photocopy.
Yes, a photocopy.
So basically, we started to upgrade the computer around 1 noon, thinking we'd have plenty of time to do it.
And how many times did we have to install different versions of Windows XP?
about six it requires because see Rob's computer is what we like to call an
industry old and it it did not like anything that you did to it it was very
cranky and so I ended up having to take one of my older hard drives a nice 40
gig master hard drive and re-ins you know put that in there and format it god
knows what was on that I'm sick of apology music every battle so yeah we
We ended up reinstalling a new hard drive before it even take for some reason, I don't
know why.
But we finally got it installed after the show.
Finally the system came up about three hours after the show was over.
By that time, our buddy VX JasonXV, for those of you guys that were listening, he ended
up taking over our station because I forgot that he had access to get in there and fuck
with our station, but I thought it was cool that he went in there and did a live thing.
It was cute.
He didn't fuck with our station.
No, that wasn't two weeks ago. He fondled it. That was last week, not two weeks ago.
Last week was the 4th of July, and we just took it off because. Yeah, you guys have to
face this. We have a national holiday dedicated to fire, and we're going to be here doing
a show for you all? No, we're going to be out setting things on fire. Illegal fireworks.
For last week, you do not have our apology, you get fire. Our leftover fire from last
week. This is smoke and ashes. It was not our intention to be gone two weeks in a row,
so we apologize. We know you've missed us. That's the excuse. That's what's going on.
I make no excuses. I stand by my decisions, dammit. I take full responsibility and accountability
for what I did, unlike those who are coming up in the upcoming presidential elections.
Vote for me. Also...
Unstable Jelly, Red vs. Blue owns you. Go watch it.
uh... it and right now jamie likes to talk back to our chat room so if you
want to get any detention you cannot
if you think you've ever broadcast on its broadcast on the tv screen here in
our studio
w w w dot org launch radio dot com click on chat all the good stuff there and
there's all the chatting boys and girls in the chair room that's the only way
you can participate in a match if used
by the way my friends
someone brought up to me that there is a working mac emulator now for a pc that
i'm going to be getting from a computer
Wait a minute, you just said working and Mac in the same sentence.
I'm going to try it out.
I'm going to try it out.
Just for curiosity. I'm just giving our listeners a little help.
This is going to be interesting news. Now that I've apologized for being gone for
the past two weeks, I have some interesting news to tell you all.
I'm not going to be here for the next two weeks. Bye!
So, this show will be solely in the hands of DarkSakur and Loki.
I, I, yeah, dear God save us all, I fear for you all, and my apologies, but, um, if you
want to pay my rent and my bills, then, uh, I will be here every week for you. Otherwise,
I need to remain my company's bitch and go to strange places they tell me to go to, which,
uh, for the next two weeks will involve the East Coast.
Bring me back something Eastern.
I, I, I don't know if I should say where. I don't want stalker fans to find me. I'm
I'm not going to say exactly where, but I'll give a hint.
I'll give you a hint.
It's one letter off from California in the state of abbreviation.
OK.
It's one letter off from California in the state of abbreviation.
That's way nerdy.
It's an hour away from where Queer As Folk is set.
There's a good hint.
So I won't be here in the next two weeks.
Sorry, boys and girls.
How many times are we going to do this show from my house?
This is my house. If you don't like it, get the fuck out.
That'll be the theme of the next two weeks.
As long as people don't decide to abandon me for Ron Jeremy like they did last time.
You need to put the smack down.
No, this time I'll be abandoned for Mame.
I'll do what I can. If there's something I can do to help from millions of miles away, I will.
will. Actually, this is still all up in the air, because basically, I got told that I'm
taking this trip Friday, and I'll be leaving a week from today. So, everything's very last
minute here, and I'm wondering if it'll actually happen. So I may be here next week, but not
bloody likely. When the man tells you you go, you go. So, that's all you can do. Alright.
Why does it always have to be the man? Why can't it be the woman to tell you to do something?
because in this case it was a man that told me I'm going. Well, fuck you. My boss is a
woman, but her boss is a man, so. Okay, well then I retract that. I heard some great woman
jokes over the weekend, you wanna hear some? Sure. Alright, um, how do you fix a woman's
watch? What? You don't need to, there's a clock on the oven. I would throw this can
you but I'm still drinking from it and this root beer I value more than that
joke I wouldn't want the house getting dirty anyway moving right along here at
Orange Lounge radio we're equal opportunity offenders by the way moving
right along we usually start the show off with doing a little bit of how was
your day how was your week but seeing us we've been gone for a little while I
I think we're going to do some how was your day, how was your month.
So, Jamie, how was your day, how was your month?
My day was pretty good actually.
I woke up at 8.30 in the morning after having gone to bed around 4 a.m.
and I decided that, well today, Julie and I were going to go running.
So we went and we left, you know, on time.
For the first time, Julie was on time getting to my house.
We got out, we got to ARC, and it was all roped off.
ARC, by the way, is American River College for those people who don't know.
And so we're like, okay, so we'll go over to CSUS.
Forgot the Olympic trials were going on.
That's closed off, too.
Right here in Sacramento, we got the Olympians.
So I went to, we saw a limo there, I wanted to egg it, but anyway, so we went to Sac
City, forgetting that the track there was a stadium and all closed off because of whatever
zoning law or whatever. So we ended up running at Natomas High School. Now, Natomas High
School is really nice. It's a very new school, lots of amenities. One would think the track
would be paved. No, it's not. And with it being as hot as it was by the time we got
there, like around noon. Actually, no, it wasn't around noon, it was around 11, but
It was still fairly hot outside.
There was wind blowing.
The thing is that wind plus dirt equals dirt in your face.
So to clarify, you don't rely on DDR for your exercise.
You get out there on the track and run, on the dirt track.
Well, I'm trying to...
I have to get where I can run two miles.
So right now, what the plan was is walk the first lap to warm up and then run, walk two
more and then walk another and run walk two more and walk another until I can
get to where I can do the whole thing running the straight way walking the
curve and keep doing it like that because a friend of mine who ran track
told me that that's how they trained so I was like okay I'll do that I actually
made it a full mile doing the walk run I didn't stop and did my first lap walking
in my last lap walking actually I did another half of that lap do on a run
So I made it pretty well. I'm hoping that by the end of the month. I can actually at least run a mile
Or at least run two laps without feeling like my heart wants to explode I can breathe just fine though
No asthma. That's another thing about my my month
Starting what happened? I think it was the week before
Renfaire I'm
Thinking is either the one before or after
I had a pulmonary exam done to see if I to prove I didn't have asthma and
I don't have asthma. The way that one of the charts reads is that it has a scale of
one to ten and when you take in your first breath it goes up and then it pans
off as you exhale and six for the inhale part of that is about mid-average lung
capacity and I hit an eight out of ten so I apparently have really awesome
some fantastic lungs and so I'm all good and I don't have to you know keep the
inhaler anymore all it all it took was just losing some weight and so I've been
good with that and the Ren Faire was really fun I was in the chat room though
on that for that show because I was like just dead tired after the fair but they
didn't have mead anywhere I was pissed off and my bodice was too big so I
didn't have quite the you know lusty wench effect although some guy asked me
to pick up something off of the ground so that he could stare down my cleavage
so I took it as a compliment no I didn't I told him to pay me he didn't there was
this cute business adorable little kid there who was in like the ultimate um I
can't think of the word now he was in like sackcloth it was great just running
around in sackcloth the whole time he looked like he was having a good time
sackcloth burlap whatever I mean but I'm trying to think of the actual term the
peasant now is it and there was let's see what else
fourth of July was okay I was actually sick all day I was sick
practically all the weekend dope but I went to a barbecue at the home of some
friends of mine and Dan who are Atkinsing. So there's lots of meat everywhere. Meat everywhere.
No potato salad. Although someone did bring potato salad, but I didn't touch it.
They had sparklers there, but they had the old ones that are metal.
So those were fun. I was setting them on fire. You can't ever find those kind anymore.
was setting them on fire the whole night I was just all happy because I had fire
and I've been training somebody at work and I basically told that uh that I'm
gonna be sort of like I guess like the mentor from now on for a lot of people
for the new hires who come in so I was like I don't know what to think about
that because I like doing it you know I like passing on what I know and I like
the teaching aspect but sometimes I want my cubicle to myself you know that's
like my space it's your domain you want to be the master of your domain so but
other than that I mean it's it's really cool it's just been an interesting week
I missed my brother. My brother was in Alabama on the fourth weekend and I wanted to have
the money to go see him but I'm flat broke right now. Oh, what else did I do? I enrolled
in school. I'm going back to college. I'm going into database management and so I need
a laptop so that I can do my homework wherever I happen to be because half of my classes
are online. I decided to get a class that I'm not looking forward to out of the way
like right off the bat. I'm taking Business Law and I'm just going to take that one in
the classroom. I don't care. I want it out of the way. But they're making me take all
of the stupid prerequisites that I could test out of if I was able to miswork for it. But
I figure it's going to be an easy A and a good buffer against that Business Law class.
So I'm having to take like Intro to Windows and beginning
word processing and beginning Excel.
And next semester I'm taking like Access.
It's probably going to be around summer when I'm going
to have to start taking the crappy programming classes.
So that also is going to affect when I pump up the
volume is, because my classes are Monday and Wednesday.
I get out of class like at 6.45, but because it's also going to break into my gym time
on Wednesdays, I'm thinking about moving the show to another night in the week, or maybe
do two shows late night, because Monday, I figure if I move the show, then I'll start
running on Monday and Wednesday and do spin on Friday.
You can always have Tuesday back if you want.
Okay.
That should be easiest.
And we can use the old promo again!
Yay!
Yay!
Okay.
See, that works out for everybody.
That does work out.
You let me know when you want to do that.
I'm going to be gone for two weeks, so...
And then after I get back from my little work trip,
I should have an announcement on what's going to happen with Vanilla Sky.
Why don't I just start it this week?
Yeah, we'll figure something out.
That's fine.
I'll start doing it on Tuesdays.
Yeah, okay.
We can shuffle it around, yeah.
All right.
I'll do it two nights in a row.
I don't care.
Sure.
Yeah, okay.
I'll just go live all week.
Fun! Alright, yeah, the Jamie experience. We'll figure it out.
Everyone's going to get so sick of me.
We'll make an official announcement on the website when we figure out the scheduling stuff.
Oh, and the last bit of news. I have meat, and meat makes me happy.
Congratulations.
Okay, I'm done.
All done? Alright. Um, Lucky, do you have anything you want to share? How was your week?
I'm sorry, how was your month? How was your day?
Um, I played Final Fantasy, I burned things, I got, um, my hard drive loader working, I played Driver 3, um...
Huh?
I forgot to mention something, so I'm gonna have Rob mention it for me.
Okay. Anyways, I saw Spider-Man 2. I saw, um, Fahrenheit 9-11 twice. I saw, um... I don't know, some other movie. But, um, I don't know, not much that really happened. What do I say every week? Nothing happened during the week. Multiply that times four, that was my month. You know? Or, you know, two weeks since half a month, I guess.
My fiancee, Nellie, who's been on the show a few times, she got a job at my work doing
a mailer room and she loves it, and I'm trying to think of what else I did.
Oh, today I put together the PC that's going to go in the cabinet that's been sitting here
for months, just collecting dust, so it will be functional soon.
So possibly the webcam will come back. Hooray. And then, um, what else? Um, there's other
things but I'll mention them later. I'm sure. Yeah. Oh, and once again the EX2 machine doesn't
work but I didn't have anything to do with that one. So, yeah.
Alright, my week and my month and my day.
You guys missed, I think, I don't think I, I think this happened after we were off air
for a little while, but I had the hiccups for like three days in a row.
That was really scary, because I thought like I was going to die or something.
I mean, seriously, like, I don't know if you've ever had hiccups, but usually they last, what,
like a half hour at the most.
I had it on and off for like 90 minute intervals for three days.
It was horrid.
So I finally had to go to the doctor, and I swear to God, my doctor was going to laugh
at me. Like, you got the hiccups? You coming in here because you got hiccups? Like, it's
been three days! It's not normal! I've got brain cancer! Because I went on to WebMD.com,
I swear to God, if you go on WebMD, and you type in like, hiccups, like reoccurring, it'll
tell you like, oh you might have brain cancer, you better go get checked out. It's not a
I went to the doctor and I'm like, Doctor, I think I have brain cancer. Why? Because I have hiccups.
Oh God, what else happened besides that? Oh yeah, my birthday happened. God, that was a while now.
Happy birthday, Rod!
Thank you. Some of my friends threw me a surprise party, which was really cute.
And my cake said, Happy Birthday, Dr. Dick, which was really cute.
Yes, and I got this. I got the answer to the ferret here. I got this new little toy here.
What's this guy's name? Does he have a name? Uh, it's Trash Talkers, and this guy's name...
Oh my God, I love...
Marshall!
I left your present at home.
And Marshall... Oh, that's not good. Marshall is this guy and he's wearing a lavender shirt
and lavender pants with a little rainbow flag on it. And let's see some of the things that
Marshall has to say.
Ah, shit. You have to whack him in the head to get him to say something.
It's only kinky the first time! Come on! Oh my god! It's humongous! I can't fit all that in my mouth!
You can barely hear it.
I don't think our listeners can hear it at all.
That's great.
So that's my answer to the ferret.
So whenever you start up with a ferret...
Oh, there, I think his speaker's in the front here.
It's only kinky the first time.
It's only kinky the first time.
All right, anyway.
Someone's done something in my purse.
So, uh, what else?
I don't think I've played a single game of DDR.
No, I take that back.
hanging out with Navi, our pop music whore, I was hanging out with him on
Friday and I beat a 31 on pop music that made me so happy like on the arcade
controller so I was all jazzed I know some of you out there are better but
don't hate I'm getting better but we actually played DDR like on an ignition
pad and everything we were playing DDR extreme at home and it was so great
because like I was still doing like really well and I also got DDR for my
Xbox those of you that were listening to episode 101 heard the confession that I
I bought an Xbox, and I've been playing DDR on Live a little bit, and I gotta say it's
very interesting to play DDR on Xbox Live, because people can talk on the microphones
and stuff, and I don't have a dance pad for Xbox, so I play with a controller, and man
do people on there hate on controller players, I don't care, I mean they can see I'm on a
controller when I join their game, if they don't like it, kick me.
I don't care.
You need to play Phantasy Star with me.
That's extra money.
That's more money.
any MMORPGs I'm playing?
PSO is nine dollars.
We'll see. Yeah, okay, so then I'd be on PSO.
And then they forget to charge you.
I'd be on PSO, then I'd be on Ragnarok,
cause Jamie found this free server
No, I didn't find it, Marintan found it.
Oh sorry, Marintan found this free server that we've all been playing Ragnarok on now.
With the 60...
With the 60...
With the 60...
Yeah, 60 times experience
and like 30 times drops
Yeah, something like that, it's crazy.
So, we've got that, the free Ragnarok server, and now, okay, Final Fantasy XI, when I reinstalled
everything for the computer, it broke. It was fucked up, my graphics were flickering,
it was screwed up beyond belief, and I was never going to be able to play Final Fantasy
XI again. Last night, it finally got fixed. Finally got fixed last night because the way
to fix it, I had to install some drivers that are two years old for my card, and now it
works. So, now I'm back on there. So that would be three MMORPGs that I'm wasting my
time with. I bitch enough about how I don't have enough time to play, like, real console
games. Like, I've been trying to play Mega Man collection, barely have any time. I finally
have sat down with Silent Hill 2, and I'm only about halfway through that, because I'm
so... I have video game ADD is basically what it boils down to. I sit down... This is especially
bad when I have emulation. I play a game for, like, literally, like, ten seconds, and then
I'm done with it, and I want to do another game.
So, yes, Jamie?
I just want to answer Angel's question real quick.
If you go on to, and this is sort of, I'm not meaning to plug my own stuff here, but
if you go to roleplay.darksacra.com, look in the Ragnarok online folder, you'll see
an announcement there posted regarding playing the free Ragnarok server.
Anyway.
Woo!
Yeah, so that was pretty much my week and my day or my month and my day really so
Did you play any Bahmani at all through this whole month Jamie? I did
And I'll be damned if I can remember what it was. I played some pop and music when we had the first dorama night
and
I played DDR. Did you? Amazing. Kamerick was in town
mm-hmm and
And we went to Fry's, and I played TDR at Fry's.
Awesome.
I also bought, because it just came out a couple weeks ago, I bought the You Got Served, Taken to the Streets DVD, which is the instructional videos on how to do all the choreography, and I thought that was sweet.
Funny.
I haven't watched it yet, but I like the, uh, I actually bought, I was also probably one of the only people on the face of the earth that bought Darren's Dance Crews. I have that DVD also.
Just in case if I ever one these days decide, you know, I feel like getting in shape and doing freestyle. Just in case, if that dark day ever comes. I'll be ready.
Okay. All right. I think we're going to take a break, and then we're going to come back
and we're going to do some real Bhavani news, because we do have, we missed a lot of news
stories while we were gone, our little bit of downtime, so we're going to talk about
some of that. So we're going to take a break, and Jamie requested a Gradius break, so we're
going to do that.
That makes me go squeak.
So what is a Gradius break, Jamie?
Well, I guess it's not just Gradius, but it's of all of the games featuring the Vic Viper, I guess.
Oh, okay.
Sensation is from the second stage of Life Force, Salamander 2.
And Burning Heat was, of course, the first stage of Gradius 2.
And then the Gradius Full Option mix, which was all of the music from the first Gradius.
Alright, so we're going to do these songs, and then we'll do some...
Chad was requesting some pop-in music, so we'll do that in a later break.
And, um, okay, some actual Bomani news when we come back.
We'll be back!
The
the
the
the
the
the
the
After this song, we'll be having a Let Them Move marathon.
Nooooooo!
Just kidding.
Orange Lounge Radio, crap-free Bhavani Radio.
We are back live, Orange Lounge Radio episode 102 in progress.
Some folks out there tell me there might be a little bit of skipping going on with some of the stuff
we're playing.
We're using a new
encoder program tonight. It's actually not new, it's the one we used to use like a long
time ago between episodes like one and sixty.
but they updated it so it does the MP3 Pro thing now. If you guys don't hear us in stereo,
all you got to do is download the MP3 Pro codec and you'll hear us in stereo. But I
guess maybe it's causing things to skip a little bit if I do too much in the background,
so hmm.
It's not everyone that's getting it though.
Yeah, I don't know. Weird. We'll see. We'll see. Yeah, we'll see. I don't know. Yeah,
I know. My computer is like now it's a 3.2 gigahertz machine now. I would think it has
enough juice in there to handle everything and not make things skip, but I don't know.
Technology amazes me some days. I don't know. We'll see. I can always try the new video
card. I think it has to do with when I have too much video going on. We'll see. We'll
see. We are back, Orange Lounge Radio. I wanted to talk about some stuff that's been going
on in the Bomani news scene while we've been gone for the past three weeks. First off,
this story kind of came out not too long after we had our last show
uh...
you probably all heard about this but we haven't had a chance to make fun of it
yet so i'm bringing it up again
uh... this
girl uh... i'm sure you've heard
but she had a heart attack or something like that while playing ddr
now that's a short story now really what it is
is that that's kind of what the media
says in all these headlines that
Oh my god, girl almost died playing DDR.
DDR kills teen.
Did they bring up that it was a pre-existing condition?
Of course not.
But here's the headline.
Heart condition strikes girl down in an arcade.
Now see, that's not so bad.
But then if you go on to GameSpot or something,
GameSpot's headline was something
like, girl gets heart problem while playing
DDR, something like that.
It's kind of like, it sort of infers
that DDR caused the problem.
DDR did not cause the problem.
You know, if she had been out running,
the same damn thing would have happened.
If she had been rollerblading, the same thing would have happened.
If she had been masturbating, the same thing would have happened.
I have heard of that, okay?
How's that for climax?
It's heart-stopping. Oh my god, I'm dead.
Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!
Stop it! Stop it!
God, I just came in my eye!
Uh, yeah.
If she had been eating a donut, that would have happened.
It's alright, it's alright.
Uh, let's listen to this lovely news story brought to us by the Omaha Channel
dot com. And hopefully you guys don't get a lot of skipping, but uh, let's
let's hear what happened to our friend here in uh... oma
outside the bellevue arcade has been up for nearly one week
get well soon kimber
fifteen-year-old is doing just that
i don't remember too much
yes loki
She's all, ooh yeah, donut. Stop it. Stop it.
You are very rude, Mr. Loki.
Alright, moving on.
...willson's hat last Tuesday explained to her several times.
Is that a midget playing DDR on the right side? It looks like a midget.
That's Tyler Gurden.
You know she was playing this game, Dance Dance Revolution, at the arcade with a friend.
She then fell to the floor.
Okay, well see she was playing I Do, I Do, I Do. That's what happened is that she heard that song and she was like,
Ah Christ, this song sucks. I'm gonna die.
We're being really horrible, you guys. Okay, we're not trying to be mean, but we accomplished, what, yes.
She played the song Broken My Heart.
That joke, oh give me a break, that joke is so used. That was like the first freaking thing he heard on every message board. First thing on every message board.
Oh god, what a crappy song!
I do, I do, I do.
I don't, I don't, I don't.
Let's see, let's continue with the news story here.
The arcade owners gave Kimber CPR, a police officer took over for them, and paramedics shocked Kimber several times with a defibrillator to get her heart working again.
Now how many times do you get to hear the word defibrillator in the news, huh?
That's such an awesome word.
Defibrillator. I challenge all of our listeners to use the word defibrillator in a sentence today.
Why don't you shove a defibrillator up your ass?
Because keep in mind that the media is typically too tight after
Well, I'm sorry nothing, okay hypertrophy cardiomyopathy
Yeah, I'll say that three times fast
Hydro wait, let's see if it hydrotrophy cardiomyopathy
I totally fucked that up. I know it totally sounds made up water. This is real
This is a real if you could have this and you could get this
No, he probably doesn't have it, and you probably can't catch it.
Moving on.
The walls around her heart are so thick, her heart wasn't getting the signals to beat.
You could be asleep, you could be walking, running, sitting down to eat, and it could hit you.
Sitting down to eat, it could hit you.
You know, it could have been that she's like,
Mungo needs food!
A translation for Spaceboy, who I guess is one of our new listeners?
Sure.
It's the paddle thing that they put on you and make it clear.
The question is, what is a defibrillator?
What is a defibrillator? Yes, if you ever watch like ER or something and you hear them go clear
and then they put those paddles on somebody and it goes
and then the body like bounces, that's a defibrillator.
I want to see someone that doesn't clear when that happens.
I want them to like be like, you're gonna be okay!
And then just get thrown back. That'd be great.
Defibrillators have always been...
Defibrillator has always been comedy gold, um, in movies like Naked Gun and stuff like
that, so, anyway, moving on.
I'm gonna bring you some comic books that Kimber's parents are just glad it hit her
when it did.
I mean, she was in the right place with all the right people around her.
I would just like to point something out there, though.
The mother says, what's so damn funny, Jamie?
The mother says, in this story, the mother says she was at the right place with all the
people needed around there to help her.
DDR almost kills a teen.
It murdered a teenager because she was playing a bad song and her heart just stopped.
DDR is bad for people.
Yet the mother says she was in the right place at the right time with all the right people
around her.
The truth is, they don't really want their daughter and they are hoping that she would
die so they can collect the insert- That is mean!
That is just mean!
First off- Rude!
So rude!
How old was she?
15.
First and foremost, her parents should have been doing their god damn job, okay?
They knew she had- Well now-
Now listen, they knew she had a heart condition, right?
No, I don't think they did.
Really?
I don't think so.
They don't say. You know, interestingly enough, they don't say, but I'm going to assume...
I heard that it was a known pre-existing condition.
Well, you know, people are going to say things in this situation.
Well, it's not even so. My question is, well...
You don't catch heart disease from playing DDR.
It's because there's something wrong with you, okay?
You have a condition.
I am almost positive. To be honest, I'm almost positive they did not know beforehand
beforehand because of the next part of this little article.
Kimber now has a pacemaker and will be on medication for the rest of her life, but she
should be out of the hospital soon, in fact hanging out with her friends and going to
the arcade.
So she's now on medication and she now has a pacemaker.
I'm assuming if they knew about the condition before they would have given her the pacemaker
before.
And the thing is that that's still not something that playing a game of DDR is going to cause.
And who is the maker of this pacemaker? Konami. I smell conspiracy.
Konami doesn't make pacemakers. How do you know? It's Black Ops Konami.
Well they make casino games and a lot of people didn't know that, I mean.
Nintendo makes pachinko machines. They make pachinko machines, they could very
well make pacemakers. I might try the Dance Dance Revolution, but
thinking no yes this girl will be playing para para paradise for the rest
of her life God help everybody yes she'll be switching to pump it up
switching to techno motion her parents wanted to thank all of the people who
helped to revive her including the arcade owners the police officer and the
paramedics all of those rescuers have been checking up on her in the hospital
the heart problem is genetic yeah that's what we're told in fact her mother got
checked and has a mild form of it and the rest of the family is getting
checked out too. A simple echocardiogram can usually detect the disease.
Interesting, so it sounds like they didn't know about it because the mom's
getting checked now, they're all getting checked.
They're having this electrocardiogram to figure out who's got the heart condition.
But see, that shows right there. That right there
is proof that the doctors themselves don't think DDR did it, which of course
they're going to be smarter than them,
and checking it as a genetic condition.
What would happen if this story was
that girl gets heart attack from playing grand theft auto
that would be great i mean
the bullets are so real it struck my heart
alright that's the end of the story
i'm really
what if that poor girl is listening to us what if that poor girl is an orange lounge radio fan
and here we are making fun of her plight
making fun of the stupid people who don't understand it.
Alright.
Just remember that Loki is an equal opportunity offender and we love everybody equally.
I just was laughing at something that DD Archaholic said in there that, you know, about the warning
because it's in Japanese.
The high intensity warning that's in Japanese.
I'm so glad that the microphone can't pick Loki up right now, I am so glad.
I guess that's that for that story. Anything else you want to say about the girl with the
heart thing?
Please people,
if you think
if your heart kind of tingles sometimes,
or you think your heart might,
there's something non-normal about your heart, like you feel it
you know tingling a lot and you suddenly can't feel your arm someday
tingle not tinkle
if your heart tingles you've got a whole other problem okay
but if your heart's like tingling a little bit or your hand hurts or you know you
find that you're losing
uh... feeling in your leg when you're playing DDR
please go see a doctor okay if i can go to my doctor because i think i have the
hiccups for too long
you can go to your doctor because you might have a heart condition get that
little electrocardiogram
And please keep DDR out of the news for this kind of crap.
If the rest of your body is thick,
then you're probably your heart's going to be thick too.
My head is just large, as a bug said, unlike Loki's head.
One day, Loki, you are going to get
smited down from the heavens above
with some horrible, horrific story.
And everybody you've ever made fun of in the past
is going to be there to make fun of you. Whoo! Oh my God! Oh wait, that's ironic. No, I
keep telling people I'm going to die an ironic death. It'll be funny. Don't worry. I just
want to... I'll drown on an airplane or something. This is my disclaimer, that for everybody
who thinks that DDR was... You know, her playing DDR contributed to an aggravation of that
condition. But for anyone who thinks that DDR caused the condition, I'm laughing at
you and pointing my finger.
But it did. It's Devil Devil Revolution.
I hit Rob instead.
Give me my computer.
Alright. You guys are so insensitive. We should call ourselves Orange Lounge Insensitive Radio
because that's, that's what we are, you guys. Man.
Don't play DDR if you are 500 pounds and can't feel your arm.
No, play DDR. Please.
Yes, Loki. If you throw your arm, that's just gonna be disturbing.
I really don't know where to take the show from here. What?
Did her falling down and having a heart attack cause vibrations that disturb the
neighbors?
Just stop it. Just stop. Wait, wait, wait. Was she really overweight?
yes well I don't know it's got well I didn't see
she looked she looked healthy
did she pass her song?
did she perfect attack it? did she pass her song?
god damn
how many misses?
she was she was a shape that a lot of people are okay she's just
Everybody, no, I wouldn't say that. She didn't look, she didn't look to the point where it was, like, morbid, okay? She just looked healthy. Like, you know, she just, God. I'm gonna get letters from this.
I wish we never do get hate mail. We never do get hate mail. Yeah, I know. Moving on. I have chat rooms going, moving on! I agree, moving on.
This week we get a brand new Bomani game. I know we haven't talked about it a whole lot on this show, but, uh, Karaoke Revolution 2 is still slated to come out July 13th. So, uh, Jamie, there's something you can do while I'm gone.
Not just no, but hell no. I don't think. I was in band for a reason.
season? If you look at the box art, it's interesting because it's red instead of blue, and it's
got all new songs in it, some new modes. We've talked about it enough before on this show,
but it is coming out relatively soon. Hopefully you got your pre-orders in. If you didn't,
well, yeah, you're not supporting Konami, and we won't have any more DDR ever again
thanks to you
moving on
also uh...
so we know character evolution to is coming out we still have extreme on the
way
we still have uh... do you also makes two on the way but what's going on in
japan
we haven't heard a whole lot about what's going blissful news yes beautiful
blissful news from japan we haven't heard of
no setup i'd quite the opposite loki we did get an announcement that eight style
is, in fact, on the way.
Airdstyle will be coming to the home.
You're talking about releasing more Guitar Freaks, also, I thought.
No, more Guitar Freaks.
I think that's just people starting rumors.
Would make me happy, but it's not going to happen.
Well, I thought that because it did so well,
they were going to look into their other games.
If they do, sign me up,
because I need more Guitarodile at home.
Yes, so basically their website says something to this effect, because 7th Style did better
than they thought it would do, they are going to go ahead and make an 8th style, and thank
you to all of you that helped make Konami Style a purchase to continue supporting the
project.
Details will be on the 2DX website, official website, konamistyle.com, and in the Konami
Style newsletter, you just have to wait, keep on helping them out and continuing the production
of BeatMania 2DX sequels. So it sounds like they might keep going, even after 8th style,
if 8th style does well. The question is, are we going to have to do any petitions this
time, or are we going to have to do any, you know, um...
God, I hope not. God, I hope not too. That was stupid. You remember, I went off on Konami
style on this show previously for having to make us do all those stupid questionnaires
and everything? Either make the game, or don't! Quit making us have to work. You're the ones
making money off it, you do the work. We're not going to fill out no damn petition. Geez.
Alright. You know what's funny is I still never did
buy Seven Style. I said I would buy Seven Style, but because my controller kind of sucks,
I haven't bothered with Seven Style. And now I'm like, I'm all about popin' music now.
I'm like, I need to get a popin' music arcade style, and da da da da da. We'll see. We'll
we'll see what happens. So hopefully 8 style does well too, and then we'll see a 9th style
in the future, but let's take it one step at a time, boys and girls. So we'll hopefully
see, hopefully we will see 8 style at the end of the year, but nothing confirmed yet.
Alright, let's see, do we want to do the cage match? Actually, let's go to a break, because
there's still more news stories I want to talk about before we come back. In this break,
I guess since we heard about 8 style, we'll play something from 2DX8 style. We'll play
this song. I like this one. And then we had a request from some pop music, so we'll work
that in there too. Some random pop music song. And when we come back, some more news and
all your favorite stuff, Orange Launch Radio, Cage Match on the way, FUs on the way, and
more exciting news. Yes. Yes, Jamie. Yes? Yes. Yes. All right. We'll be back.
I don't want to go back to the place where I was born
I don't want to go back to the place where I was born
dot com
welcome back to warren's laundry and i just don't propel all over now the
courts tangle in my chair and
everything's breaking rob well i'll take this moment to answer john field
sure i'm i want uh...
this time from and today because i've been looking for forever and my single
uh... but uh... sort of stepped on by somebody
ouch
Since some of you guys didn't seem to know those songs in the break, the songs in that
break from 2DX8 style, Love is Orange by Orange Lounge, Yamato, Space Worship Yamato by Sousasaki
from Popin' Music 7, and then in Popin' Music 7 as well, we played a song by a group called
Komo Tomok, the genre is lonely in the song, Artemis.
So I know a lot of you guys may not be as familiar with the pop music songs.
So we'll play a few more for you guys tonight just because we can.
You are back...
I need you to pick up that soundtrack they have, though, of the Auto-Malo 1 and 2.
Oh yeah?
I came really close to it, it's really awesome.
Cool.
Alright.
We were talking about some Bahmani news before we went to the break, we were talking about
the girl who had the heart attack playing DDR, even though that was, well, it wasn't
really a heart attack, whatever it was, that was a couple weeks ago.
But as you may or may not know, we've been off the air for about three weeks.
Because of problems out of our control, but we're back.
You know what?
It's like a national holiday.
Real shows go off the air for like two months, and you still watch them.
So I don't think a two week break is too much to ask, people.
Anyway, I thought this was interesting, and I know Loki wants to talk about this.
You found something interesting on eBay this week, didn't you?
Yes, we have.
the same people behind the wonderful bootleg ddr megamix are back at it again with, for
those who don't know what ddr megamix is, my bad! God! I'm thinking I forget these things.
Now, ddr megamix is this really shitty bootleg that came out that basically was supposed
to have the songs from 4th, 5th and Xtreme in all in one cabinet, which would be pretty
cool. But no, all it was was DDR Extreme with really shitty graphics and glitched out shit
and the wonderful warning screen don't fall off with two giant Star Wars AT-STs in there.
So, um, that was really lame. So this new one now has come out and is being distributed
by some guy on the internet and it's also the same guy that's behind Megamix as I said
before. Now what's new about this is one, there's actual graphics, it's not like fucked
up graphics as before. There's actual, like, new graphics, which, stupid, who cares? And
the ability to speed up tempo of a song up to 20%, which is pretty lame. So it's Dance
Dance Revolution Extreme Plus with, yeah, just really shitty stuff. And they're selling
for $650. And there is the link in the chatroom. I love this ad. I just posted the link in
the chat room there. It has this running theme going through the game, and that is like torso
shots. And look at this, the logo, Dance Dance Revolution Extreme Plus, is just the shot
of a boob, basically. It's the logo. Look at that. It's just a boob. That's the marquee.
It's a boob. And then, oh sorry, it's a breast. It's a breast. And then you have that same
breast for light mode and then there's beginner mode which has a man breast
very nice man breast I must say and then on the heavy mode I don't know what the
fuck that is then you have like a god like Trinity for the matrix it's the
hermaphrodite
also let me read this ad for you guys because it's hilarious let me I will
read this my announcer voice here dad stands revolution extreme plus is
available now this is the latest upgrade for the DDR all new graphics with an
incredible speed upgrade we asked the players what they wanted and they said
speed it up speed it up speed it up so we did earnings results up by 40% is
that what everybody was saying speed it up speed it up speed it up I think they
were saying get rid of it faster no I think they were saying give us new songs
songs. Give us a new mix, new mix, new mix. Not crappy bootlegs, crappy bootlegs. I love
this, how you can bring up the screen and then you can speed up the song by 20%. There's
a little problem though with it. A few things that just didn't quite work out. Number one,
there is no heavy mode. There's beginner, light, standard. Heavy is only selectable
on, you know, the song select screen. Number two, if you speed up the song save by 20 percent,
okay, you're done with your game. Guess what? If the person doesn't set it back down to
normal, they're still on 20 percent. It just stays that way. It's really stupid. That should
be max 300 really fun. Yeah, actually there's an arcade already in Australia that has this
and they said, you know, it's not that bad. It's actually kind of fun to play the sped
up songs, but it's just a novelty, I think. You know, if they, see what I thought when
I first heard about DDR Extreme Plus, I thought it was, oh, someone's, you know, selling the
hacked version of DDR Extreme with the extra modifiers on it. See, now that's what I would
have done. If you're gonna hack it like this, you know, put those extra modifiers on there
as well. Here, I'm gonna simulate for you guys what this would sound like, okay? So
So here's a fast song already, all right, Waka Waka.
Oops, sorry, let me play this for you guys.
Okay, now let's see what it sounds like
if we were to up the volume, up the speed by 20%.
Now you know how hard this song is already, right?
Okay, here we go.
Da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da.
I would die trying to play this. This would give me a heart failure, okay?
They would have to get the defibrillators out for me on this crap.
It made the song sound a little better, though.
See, now... Alright.
This is really stupid. Arcade owners are actually...
The people that bought Megamix are ready to snatch this up for another $650.
That's how much Megamix was. $650 to get a really shitty version of DDR Extreme with crap graphics.
Arcade owners actually paid this, so there's obviously money in this.
And, now this is distributed through a company called Dakota Games.
Dakota Games is also known for another, um, hack that's Daytona CRX.
Which is, um, basically Daytona with Super Off-Road added to it.
Basically, it's the ability, which is kinda cool, it's the ability to, like, save profiles and you upgrade car parts and stuff to make your cars have more speed, more traction, etc.
Now that's a cool feature, it adds, you know, stuff to the game.
Now this, while it being a really shitty hack, it does add features to it, so...
It's a really, I wouldn't go spend $650 on it, but hey, whatever. I mean, at least it's not like Megamix, but it is still crap.
It's getting better though. They're starting to learn. They actually did something I didn't think, you know, of. So, more power to them, I guess.
I don't know what to think about this whole, like, we're going to do the tempo change and
change the game here. I think it would have been cool if they had to slow it down by 20%
mode. That would have been cool. Oh, now I've got to try it again to see what slowed down
20% would sound like. Yes, I do. You know you want to hear it. Jamie, what do you think
this would you ever play this game or is this just utter crap to you or what? I have two
words for this. Hell no. Why not? Because it's just stupid. If I want to play DDR, I
would go play like, you know, like Max 2 or Xtreme. I'd like to add that, you know the
arcade chain Tilt that's in, you know, arcades around malls throughout the United States?
We've upgraded all their machines to Megamix, so I guess we're going to upgrade to next.
Yeah, that's right.
Well, I knew there was a reason I don't go there. Also because it's in Florida Mall.
Yeah.
Let's see what Wakka-Lakka would sound like if they had a slow down feature.
Now maybe more of you could pass the song this way.
So here we go, we know the normal way.
If I can get it to play.
Okay.
Okay, now let's see what it'll be down 20%.
Now I can beat it!
Duh, duh duh duh, duh duh duh duh.
This is like training mode, kind of.
I can't stand this song now.
J. Ramen the Demon.
See, we knew there was something to that Devil Devil Revolution thing going on.
Uh, Chat Room is letting you know that somebody who says they worked for Tilt
said they did not upgrade ALL the machines.
Well that still doesn't matter, you upgraded some of them, that still makes you stupid.
The tilt in my town of Berth was bought out by Namco, thank God, so it doesn't suck.
Alright.
Other news going on here, Mel B was in our chat room earlier, one of our buddies from
ddrspot.com, and he wanted us to share some information with you guys, or, well, you know,
he was telling us some stuff, and I said I'd pass it along.
I know ddrspot hasn't posted a lot of articles lately, but he did say this week, sometime
early in the week, they are going to post an interview with Akira Yumoka.
So that should be a very good read.
So check ddrspot.com the next couple days and wait for that.
Also, he's looking for, they scored an interview, DDR Spot also scored an interview with Naoki.
They're going to be doing an interview with Naoki in the next few days.
They are still looking to field questions, so Mel has said his email box is open to you
guys if you want to send him some questions.
I know this is ironic because the interview is for DDR Spot, but if you want to send Mel
an email. If you have a question for Naoki, Mel will consider all your questions. He won't
ask everything because if everybody sends a question, that interview is going to be
an hour long. But he'll consider all your stuff. Mel at DDRFreak.com is his email. So,
just send that along if you have a question you would like to ask Naoki. Such as, you
want some fashion tips? Who does his hair? Naoki Eye for the straight guy. How deep in
the Punani, are you? Okay. See, the questions I want to ask, Mel isn't going to ask. I want
to know if he ever really has boiktopolitary or if it's a purely professional relationship.
I would love to have Nokia. I would give a lot of head to get any Bimani celebrity on
the show, because then that means we've made it. That's a good idea. You know, we were
supposed to have an interview with, you know, Jason Enos from Konami, but in typical Orange
Lounge fashion, that all got fucked up. Yeah, and I missed my chance to go hang out with
the man, thank you. Which is too bad, because it was, honestly guys, I hate to say this,
it was a great interview, because Loki fucking asked, I can't believe you had the balls to
to do this. Loki fucking asked him about Into the Groove, okay?
They had a very good answer. He had a very good answer, and I wish I could
remember it. It was using it to encourage the community
to keep growing. Yeah. Something like that.
It was something like that. He basically was welcoming the challenge, basically, which
I thought was very professional. He's a good guy. I'm sad about what happened
to the interview but
yeah what he told us off air was hilarious no just kidding
we thank him for taking the time to do the interview with us even though it
never aired because uh...
mistakes happen
bad mistakes happen
we could have brought back portal
that's very true
we could have merged with g_-four okay that that could have been what happened
i wouldn't mind taka and taku naked in the same room
in response to uh...
jason in the chat room
while uh... jamie lives out her fantasy over there perhaps... I'm not living out any fantasy
you have another news story you wanna talk about or?
okay fine logie
Because I'm not quite on, you know, the pulse of all the new music games that come out,
this one kind of slipped under my radar. It's a game called I Can Boogie, okay?
Say that one more time, Loki. You're an ass, okay? It's called I Can Boogie, okay?
It's basically, if you were to take Itoy Groove, put it in an arcade cabinet that looks something like Pump It Up,
So that's what you've got. And it looks pretty cool. We just got it down at one of our arcades in the Century 14 in Roseville, down near Sacramento. We got one of these things. I have yet to play it, but it sounds really cool. It looks kind of neat.
It's got actual music from, you know, artists, no covers or anything, you know, hot stuff from Donna Summers.
It's got, uh, what is it, um, something like Jan Jackson on there and, like, some other stuff.
It's pretty good, though.
Um, it just looks interesting because it uses a camera just like, you know, Itoygroove.
So, if you've got one of these by you, because I also heard there's one at Dave & Buster's in Milpitas.
you got one by you should check it out. So, yeah, that was all I had. And you can find
that at, I believe, ikengroove.com. But you actually haven't gotten a chance to play this
yet. No, not yet. Not yet. All right. So they basically turned Itoy Groove into an arcade
game. Somebody stole that idea and turned it into an arcade game. Interesting. Itoygroove,
I wasn't that thrilled with Itoygroove. Like, it was cool for a day and then that was it.
Like, I don't know, I don't know why that game just didn't do it for me. But, the thing
is with this arcade game, it's like a cross between Itoygroove and Para Para. That's pretty
much what it is. Because it's, I think, there's five points, like five sensors spots that
that you have to hit, you know, depending on how the arrows come. And they've got, you
know, pretty interesting stuff on there. That was, oh, that was the other thing, since someone
mentioned DDR Karaoke Mix. There's actually one of those very, very, very rare arcade
games being sold on Yahoo Auctions for $1600 at Karaoke Revolution Second Mix, or not Karaoke
revolution DDR karaoke mix second mix which I thought that was pretty sweet if
I had that kind of no cash I would buy one but I don't so I already know what I
want to get for my house my second mix upstream oh yeah you get the 2d x
machine too that's what I want awesome but I probably you have the only one in
the u.s. I think that's my well we said right off the bat when we buy our house
We're getting a DDR machine, and I'm about I'm thinking of trying to get that in the I want to get an actual
Second you know second style build a substream machine. You know the old style monitor and everything I know
Yeah, if I can I doubt it would be that expensive for that particular machine
Well good luck to you
Alright, you guys want to have yourselves a cage match. We haven't had that one of these in a while. It feels like
Alright, there's going to be kind of a small twist in tonight's cage match.
The twist in tonight's cage match is that we are cleaning the slate and we're not going to carry a winner over from the show three weeks ago
because basically it's won for like three weeks now by default.
So we are wiping the slate clean and we're starting off with three brand new songs tonight in tonight's cage match.
So, the way the cage match works, each host brings one song to the table.
And we're going to play these songs, and then you're going to vote on your favorite in the chat room,
and your song that you pick as your favorite will go into rotation all week long on Orange Lounge Radio's
Bimani Music and More program, with all your favorite DDR, 2DX, and Dance Mania favorites.
That'll include the Cage Match winner from tonight. We'll go into rotation.
And then it'll come back next week to compete again against two challengers.
So, we get a clean slate tonight, so that means we're going to hear three new songs in full.
Cage Match kind of used to have this theme of songs that would be good for Bamani, like GDR2DX, but now it's kind of evolved into cool stuff, but looking at tonight's lineup, I'd say we're kind of going back to our roots here.
All three of these songs look to be songs that will be made for Bamani, so this should be a fun Cage Match tonight.
This is not mine.
So make sure you are in, well, I'm just looking at your artists and knowing their music.
If you want to vote, remember you have to be in our chat room, orangelaungeradio.com, click on chat, and then you'll be able to place a vote.
So here we go! First up tonight is Loki, and he's actually the one who won three weeks ago, but we couldn't even remember what song it was, so we're giving him a new song tonight.
What song are you putting in the cage match tonight?
Well, I've put this artist in a few times now, and since they have a new song that's going to be in DDR Extreme, I thought, hey, let's take a song from another game, Need for Speed Underground.
And this is also featured in Tourney Mix 5, if anyone really gives a damn about that.
But this is BT featuring Wildside with... I think it's Wildside or Wildstyle.
Okay, something... Wildside is the Irresistive Among band from Extreme, so I don't think it's that.
It might be wild style, I think. Anyways, it's BT featuring wild style, um, and this is Kimo Sabe.
Alright, here it is.
That was in frequency.
What's in frequency? Well, okay.
It's either in frequency or amplitude, too.
Well, here it is. Enjoy it. BT, Kimo Sabe, song number one.
The whole Stone Stone foundation plus the planet with more control
The circle starts to form B-boys and B-girls start to swarm
Especially from the beginning of the night you know
Cause they like the song the hype is on
What we came to do is uplift you Shift the whole party and straighten it
You jump up to the ground in the front front to reach this is for the street
Come on!
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
30
30
31
32
33
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
40
41
42
43
44
45
45
46
47
47
48
48
49
49
Trying to build up a mind-typical, cutting even, divinical, unidentical
Which America's stereotype is typical
That expectation was visible, make money residual
Without fame, used physically
We'll resurrect the Earth from Earth and push the dead
Spread the bottle, cross the globe like they was down to scratch
That's what we need, my mobility
With the millennium, get it?
And then when Jack steps out of perfect venom
I'm venom, venom, I'm venom
Buh-duh-buh-buh, creativity
Buh-duh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh
Well, now rock's a utility
No soul foundation plus no plan to the neighbors
More creative control to perfect
Montana-Jackson, full effect
Use the pull, I'm the effect
That means you're never control the pack
I'm a circle, stars are born
Chillin' people's every girl star to swarm
I'm all special from the getting of the night tomorrow
Cause a light is the spark
The light is the spark
Come on
Before he falls on the floor
Before he falls on the floor
Full Effect
Full Effect
Brothers caught in a lot and I wishin' they was like on top of the world
Realize they were calm and refer to hip-hop as a girl
Cause back in junior class my cats had bumped the tour
Remember to face well cause I wish they met a sooner
Fortunately I stepped two and it had to be a dope strategy
She was leavin' to an academy
Can I have your digits? I'm travelin' it's hard to get at me
What's your major by the way? Modular Activity
I slap, I trap, energy, backflip, I'm on abstract captivity
When I rock creativity
I bust positive vibes from the west to Maui
Lupek is the antidote created in Cali
Alrighty, that was song number one in tonight's cage match, BT with Kimo Sabe.
is a part of the show where we go Simon Cowell on all these songs and we give
our opinion but our opinion doesn't count it's your votes to do but we want
to help you make that vote. Jamie. I like BT, it gets an 8. I just heard that song a whole lot.
All right. Logie. It's my favorite song in tourney mix 5, so it gets a 10.
Interesting um to be honest I'm just that BT just doesn't do it for me like
kostjamrh It's not gay enough, I think that's what it is.
wild side i got excited but no it was wild child all right uh moving on song number two in tonight's
cage mesh comes to us from jamie and i gotta say i'm a little bit surprised at her pick but let's
let's see what's up my song has the power of cord behind it it's uh tracy lord let's say something
i okay this is the thing is i went on a big downloading speed trying to find this one tracy
Lord's song it's and if anyone knows what this is please tell me I'm in the
chat room right now 7 a.m. it's one about this woman getting revenge on a
cowboy it's I've not fallen angel it's not fallen angel I have a remix of a
Tracy Lord song done by Pollock and fold I heard I heard the song like when I was
in college the first time that was like in 95 and the CD was about a year old
then so if that helps anybody find the song for me but anyway this particular
one this one is like it definitely has the power of porn behind it because this
is like a song that someone would participate in nocturnal activities to
oh my nocturnal activities all right let's hear it then
song number two in tonight's cage match Tracy Lord say something enjoy
It's summer up in a small cave
I can see it all before me Here it comes now, it means nothing
Just take some space, just take some space How did you know I am only here among us?
How did you know I am only here among us?
Oh
Some are ashamed of me
I can see you fall before me
Oh, please
How did you know me?
How did you know me?
How did you know I am only here, mama
Say something
How did you know I am only here and I'm not going to say something?
How did you know I am only here and I'm not going to say something?
How did you know I am only here and I'm not going to say something?
Song number two was right there. It was Tracy Lord's with Say Something. Say something about
What about that song, Jamie?
I like that song.
I mean, I'm going to give it an 8. She's done better.
Apparently she sucks live.
Imagine that! Porn star-given music career who can't really sing without a studio.
Dan said that he went to some show that was going on that had Moby and a bunch of people.
This was a few years ago.
He said that Moby got naked and tried scratching women.
p0k3smot42o
T.J. Control.
Um, yeah, that's definitely a song to fuck to.
Um, I don't know if I could imagine it on our station regularly, but, um, it's unique.
And it did get me a little horny. Just a little bit.
Just kidding, just kidding.
Because I was looking at that magazine you're looking at. No, I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
Okay, there's your music line.
You're listening to KTMi.
I'm kidding. It was interesting. I give it like a seven and a half.
Because Tracey Lords is pretty cool.
I don't get the slow comparison though. They're both slow songs, but Kylie's way different.
Anyway, so there you have it. Your votes count though, not ours.
There is one more song you get to vote for, possibly, if you want to.
And that's my pick. My pick is an artist that you've actually already heard on our station
heard on our station because she was on a Dance Mania album and she used to be
with a group you might have heard of them you know the spice girls you ever
heard of the spice girls laughing that's right well sporty spice has a solo
career believe it or not and she has some big dance hits I I too like Jamie
went on a downloading spree this week and I was downloading all these British
dance compilations and this song turned up all one of them and I kind of liked
it so I'm gonna put in a nice cage match it's Melanie C and the song is yeah
yeah yeah and it's the Shanghai surprise remix wasn't that the movie with Madonna
and Sean Penn from like years ago Shanghai surprise I assure you this song
is way better than the movie at least I think so all right the rest of you I
don't care what you think but we'll see hopefully you'll like it the chat room
the listeners don't even know what you're doing over there.
I know, I'm not going to say any of this.
You shouldn't, alright.
Um, oh, here comes Loki.
She's looking at Playgirl!
Ewww!
Okay, anyways.
Stop ruining the cage match!
Alright, here it is, song number three.
Mel C, Yeah Yeah Yeah, Shanghai Surprise.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm on a mission Yeah, yeah, yeah, if you're with me raise your hand
Yeah, yeah, yeah, got no inhibitions It's our decision, we're gonna have a good time
It's easier to let go Than giving to yourself tonight
Yet I'll never show Expect me not to disappear
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm on a mission Yeah, yeah, yeah, if you're with me raise your
hands Yeah, yeah, yeah, get so inefficient
Yeah, so inefficient, it's our decision
We're gonna have a good time
Oh, when there's pain in you
And if you wanna be with me
I will look good for you
Feel the energy tonight
Treating the blues
I feel it standing around
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
I'm on a mission
Yeah, yeah, yeah
If you're with me raise your hand
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Got no intervention
We're gonna have a good time, yeah, yeah, yeah
Got a new religion, yeah, yeah, yeah
Gotta take me to the film, yeah, yeah, yeah
Other expectations, we've got a vacation
We're gonna have a good time
Can't have a good time
I've got desire
I've been inspired
I want so much higher
Baby, I don't wanna come down
All I want is to be excited
So come on and get united
No more needing to fight it
If you're there, raise your hand, come on, raise your hand
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm on a mission
Yeah, yeah, yeah, if you're with me, raise your hand
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so inefficient
It's just a few decisions
We're gonna have a good time
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Got a new religion
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Gotta take me where I am
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Got the expectation
The clarification
We're gonna have a good time
Yeah, yeah, yeah
I'm on a mission
Yeah, yeah, yeah
If you're with me raise your hands
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Got the inhibitions
If something's dead, you're gonna have a good time
Alrighty, song number three tonight, Mel C, Yeah Yeah Yeah.
What did you think?
Yeah Yeah Yeah?
Or, oh, hell no.
Jamie?
It gets a yeah.
I mean, it could, don't get me wrong, it's just kind of generic, you know?
So it gets a six, seven-ish, seven-ish.
from janey lucky
i've heard this summer before i don't know if it's another artist
on the right
but i don't like the flight
i don't like melissa
living there didn't is
you'd pictures
so uh...
yeah i give it a yeah yeah yeah five
i don't know to me that's on it
itself reddish
and it is like a song i would hear to soccer games seriously
uh... and that still fits forty-five outside football
uh... so i could hear that uh... so i give it like a
i think i'll be fun to be here
and i do it in part of it again lately
all right now let's review of the uh... three songs before i open up the voting
lines
here we go a review of the three times before tonight
because it is up to you
song number one BT featuring wild child Kimo Sabe
song number two tonight Tracy Lords with Say Something
If you hear them on my face, I'll say
Yeah, yeah, yeah, so inefficient
Just send Skye a message in the chatroom with your vote.
Winning song goes into rotation all week long here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Meanwhile, back to some of the news we missed the three weeks we were out.
You know, another article that came out while we were gone was on the Fox News Channel.
Fox News Channel, you guys know Fox News Channel? Home of the Bill O'Reilly show and all those
fun conservative talk programs?
If I didn't watch TV.
Okay, well, I know you don't watch TV.
I think I know, though.
They're giving CNN a little bit of a run, because they have some talk programs that
people for some reason like, but whatever, I won't hate right now. But actually they
ran an article about DDR and a weight loss article. It's again another, isn't DDR great
because people lost weight playing it, but this article quotes some friends of the show.
Some buddies of Orange Launch Radio were quoted in this article and Mel B and Sharks Girl
were both quoted in this article which I thought was cool. Yeah, so good for them. There's
a link to it over there on a website. I'll kind of summarize for you guys. It's just
kind of talking about how it breaks down how to play DDR, how DDR is played. Says the assistant
editor at Wired magazine, you're literally controlling the game with your whole body
and not just your fingertips. It's definitely a new genre that will probably get bigger.
That will probably. It might get a little bigger.
It might. Assuming it doesn't kill off its players with
heart attack
uh...
uh... relatively new genre i don't know about you guys i've known about this
game for
damn near four years now i don't know that for us to you guys but
that's not that new
well i'm sorry but it's not old school like christ
as like way old school man
DDR is a lot better. He's probably talking about the history of time thing. That would
be relatively new. You're right. Considering the entire history of time, it would be new.
And considering that a lot of people who watch Fox News Channel are old people, it would
make sense. Anyway, our buddy Mel Balthazar says he was drawn to DDR because he likes
music-based games, but after a while he noticed an unexpected side benefit.
in the first no not heart attacks in the first four months or so I lost around
30 pounds actually it would it from Mel would have sounded something like this
your dog in the first 40 months or so dog I lost around 30 pounds dog I'm just
kidding I'm kidding he's gonna kick my ass well you know
cuz he did Randy Jackson DRI don't it's a joke it's a joke Jesus in about six to
months I went from 280 to 230. I play nowadays to keep in shape more than anything. Very
interesting. Uh, DDR fan Melody Hommen, also known as SharksGirl on this program, uh, also
shed pounds while she played going from about 220 to 143 at her lowest weight. I never realized
that she lost that much weight playing DDR. I never knew that. SharksGirl's like one of
my best buds. I never knew that she went from 220 to 143 from DDR. I know, I'm a bad friend.
She should so fire me!
I just didn't know.
Well, that's great.
She says, I'm significantly lighter than when I wasn't playing, she said. You're not just
using your hands, you're actually getting up and doing something.
With the obesity epidemic in America reaching EPIC proportions, I think it would have been better if they said biblical proportions,
and video games, the internet and television accused of being among the culprits, entertainment that
combines physical activity with technology could be the wave of the future.
said sport wall founder and CEO Kathy Lamberti,
we have to give them the computer game packaged with their physical fitness
otherwise they're not going to be interested.
Kids have changed, they've been taught how to be entertained and seduced
by technology.
Seduced by technology, that's...
oooh...
DDR is going to seduce you.
Yeah I know, I get it hard on every time I pirate movies.
technology sir knows how to seduce me. Mel had another quote in here. There's that stigma
that people who play video games are slobs who just sit on the couch. I always thought
that was true actually. In DDR it's more of an interactive experience where you're putting
yourself into the game. Now I don't know about you guys, but I got the DDR for Xbox this
this week, well not this week, but a couple weeks ago, and I've been playing on Xbox Live,
and my fat ass has been on the couch schooling people by playing on the controller, so, and
I've been having lots of fun. To date, Konami Digital Entertainment, which distributes DDR,
has sold more than 6.5 million copies worldwide and 1 million in the United States.
And let's see, oh Jason Enos had a quote in here too, this is a game that defies all the
other games out there because the person has to get up and do the work. Interesting. And
then it talks about this other thing called the Scooby Ball. The Scooby Ball. The Scooby
ball. It's DDR and the Scooby Ball. In Scooby Ball, kids play in a portable enclosed playground.
Both music signals and voice prompts guide them to lighted targets which they hit with
balls to score points. Scooby Ball. Go figure. Lucky, why don't you share with us what's
going on in the sim scene these days? I know there's got to be some news these past few
weeks. Well, Tournemix is still going, right? What's up? I think it's still going. I don't
know. Last release I got was number four, and I haven't seen anything since then. I
mean, I've looked. It's just nothing, but I don't know if they're like, you know, still
voting or what the hell's going on, but yeah, there's four sections for Tournemix. Checking
right now see if there's number five nope just bracket four still so
apparently bracket four rounds up the end of tourney mix five but you know
what no one cares there's yeah wasn't that many good stuff to be honest it's
still like the same five percent of the songs are decent then two percent are
good and the rest suck but um some other interesting stuff if you're a tourney mix
On DDRUK's forums, they've got in the music production thread, DJ Damien's V-Rare CD that he put out. Basically, it's a zip file of all of his songs that he's made.
They're okay. They've got, you know, your famous Art Art 2, and then, you know, the Legend of Art that were featured in Turning Mix 1, 2, and 4, I think.
And, um, what else? Ah, just some other crap that he's done. But if you, you know, want something to download on your board, there you go.
There you go.
Aside from that, really not too much going on.
There is some interesting stuff, though.
I noticed that since DDRUK has their StepMania machine, which is DDX, or Dance something
or other, I don't know, whatever, anyways, it's got internet rankings, which I'm assuming
is probably something that's thrown into StepMania now, so, you know, hey, look for internet
that rankings will be coming soon. As well as extended light support, people are working
on that right now. There's talks about using serial ports, maybe USB ports for lights.
Right now, parallel ports are, you know, supported, so there's information on DDR Maniacs for
that. Tons more sim files for download on BomaniStyle and their sim file database. A
lot of them suck though, but hey, you know, look at the rankings on the sides to get an
idea what might be good and what's not. Aside from that, really not too much stuff going
on. No new alphas for StepMania released. It's just been kind of slow. Slow news week.
No service pack 6 stuff for, you know, Ultramix, which we did not mention. You know, because
That is news and all. Nothing yet because it has not come out yet, and I don't know. That's pretty much all that's going on.
There's a nice thread, though, on the DDRManiaX's setmania theme boards that they're basically how-to guides to make your skin better, which is cool.
And it just proves that you can make a sim that looks exactly like In the Groove, so yeah.
Anyways, I kind of agree. Somebody in the chat room said DJ Damien's kind of crap stuff. Maybe it's just because I'm not a cool kid, but I don't get the joke. It's not funny, and it's kind of stupid to me. Yeah, I guess it's just British. Like Spice Girls, I get that. DJ Damien, I don't get it. Yes, Jamie?
About him being crabby?
Yeah.
Oh, you picked up the microphone, so I thought you were going to say something.
I don't get it.
Yeah. Have you heard his stuff?
No.
Play Jamie a little bit of one of these songs. Play the best one.
The best one.
The best one.
I can't wait to hear this.
I don't think this should be getting any airtime on the show, but since Loki brought it up...
Sure. Ballad of Tom Jones. Let's hear a little bit of this.
Put it in the middle somewhere.
Let's move up with your reach, I've ended up dead
You thought that I'm killing each other
You never know, I'll let you save my life
I'm gonna throw up
Show me the door, but now I'm on top, you fucks will fall
Screw this shit, I'm done, making trash ain't fun
And you're trying to make stuff, pick it up, you're up
i remember that
alright, turn off, turn off
stop it
oh god that's horrible
see i don't, i don't get it
why do you think he's good?
i don't get it
you know what it is? it's the william hung of ddr
that is exactly what it is
but william hung is good
compared to this guy
the new song from our other listener.
Finally, this should be a big surprise to you guys.
Loki, BT with Kimo Sari.
That's who I would have voted for.
You wouldn't have even voted for the own song you put in?
No, because I have come very close to using that song before.
I thought that I might have, but it was another song.
If I'm going to be gone for two weeks, I'm going to give you guys such crap songs
to play in cage match while I'm gone. I can't wait.
I'll pick them for you, Rob.
No, I already have them lined up.
I already have them lined up.
So tune in next week. I'll be there in spirit.
Alright.
Just...
When we come back from this next break, boys and girls, the FUs of the week, I know you've got some rants in you.
Um, send them...
What'd you say, Jamie?
I made a request.
Oh. Oh, yeah, yeah. Oh, I thought you said...
When I said, I know you got some rants in you, I thought you said, a ton.
Yeah, a ton of those, too.
Okay, um, so, uh, yeah, we'll, um, get to the FUs of the week, so send those in over
a private message.
And we'll take care of that.
In the meantime, more pop and music songs this break, including one Jamie wants to hear.
She always wants to hear this song.
You know what's sad, though?
I lost my folder of the pop and nine consumer songs.
Have them.
Good, because I need to get them for you.
Because I don't have Don't Cry Jesus anymore.
I'll get it when I get home.
You can send it to me.
Because when I, my desktop got erased.
Imagine if Loki's desktop got erased, that's what I mean.
Rob!
Rob!
Rob!
Rob!
Rob!
Rob!
Rob!
Don't cry!
Alright, we'll be back after some more popin music.
Start off with Gachimon and some more stuff in here and when we come back, FUs of the
week!
Send them now!
Tare da, tare da, tare da, tare da, tare da
Sora no kaneta ni no gojukage
Uchiro itu basa no gachiman
Niho shi o kage senroida seba
Ihigaki ni o hito todida
Tōbe, tobe, tobe, gachiman
Yukai, yukai, yukai, gachiman
Jijuu wa ito-ji, Jijuu wa ito-ji, Oh gachama, gachama
Get your man, get you, what he told you
Get you, what he told you
Go get your man, get your man
But it ain't
You think you can say it, girl, it ain't
People be doin' what you can
Trash hearts, livid me, I ain't cheatin' for none
I don't like it, girl
You're not a girl, you're found
But it's true
When you get down on your way
Come along, you're in the sun on
This is the end
Hey, did you hear about that show?
What show?
Well, they play a lot of greats and money and video game music, but if you listen to
it, you have to listen to it again within seven days.
Oh, I've heard of that station.
Really?
Yeah, I even listened to it a couple weeks ago.
Hey, what happens to you if you don't listen to it again?
Well, you die.
I what?
Hey, wait!
Wait, what's this crazy bitch doing coming out of my computer screen?
Aaaaaaahh!
Orange Launch Radio, listen, or die!
Stop it Dave!
Welcome back to Orange Launch Radio, we're going to get into the FUs of the Week very shortly.
Umm, gosh I'm not sure what else is going on in the mining world right now.
Loki you seem to be more on top of things than I am.
What is it you're checking out there? This is, uh, like I was saying earlier, their, um, DDR UK's Dance, um, with Dance DX, and they're on their version 2 now, and I'm gonna, in just one second here, uh, link the chat room to their gallery for this, which it's actually, it's a very well-put-together set-mania machine, I might add, and they have a lot of people working on it, and it's the way I wish, uh, Golf Land would work,
work, where you have more than one person working on it.
What exactly is going on with that thing? And even our chat room's curious, because
it's been three weeks since we really had an update, and I know there's kind of some
stuff going on. What exactly happened with that EX2 project you've been really heavily
involved with?
Keith broke the motherboard. That's pretty much what it comes down to. And no, I'm not
going to go buy a new motherboard, because as it was, I put more time and effort into
it than was needed. And that's what it sounds like he wants me to do, is get a new motherboard
for it I'm like no so you know whatever happens happens they got their money out
of it I got my money out of it so no one's at a real loss sucks for them
because they rewired their whole cabinet but you know I you know someday I guess
we can put any motherboard in it but I really it's just pain the ass the way it
was set up and things don't work that should work it's just really annoying
Any chance you'll do a cabinet for a different arcade?
It's free to sell, do whatever you want with it. As long as you keep the development team's credit in there, which that's already hard programmed into it. So, technically, yeah, I could go out there, make an upgrade for an arcade and sell it and make money off of it. So, I'm looking into it.
No, I wonder how many people are going to steal your idea right there.
Check your legal channels.
Huh?
Check your legal channels.
Yeah.
Just cover your butt.
But I figure if they can get away with that megamix thing.
Here's what it is.
I don't have to check any legal channels because all I'm doing is providing the hardware.
And the program to run it.
They made the program.
I made the hardware.
There's nothing I can get in trouble for.
What about music?
Licensing.
What do you mean?
That's the program.
That's all StepMania.
That's their licensing.
their problem all I'm doing is making the hardware set up for it so there's no
way I can get in trouble for building a PC that's you know they can try but you
know it's not gonna work so that's that's if I were to do it and if the
coppers ever come after me Loki did it he had the gun it was Loki with a
revolver in the conservatory I saw it with my own eyes let's get on with the
the FUs of the Week, shall we?
What do we do during the FUs of the Week, Miss Jamie?
We bit your moon.
I really miss that music. I really, really miss that. I'm going to keep it for a while.
Anyway, my first F.U. of the week goes toward people who go 15 miles under the speed limit
when I'm wanting to go 10 over it. Damn them.
Also, it goes to the Safeway over on Madison, like on the way here, for not carrying I.M.'s cat food, which is what I feed Sherman.
A big effigy goes to cat food in general to having their first product be wheat.
Okay, what cat? Have you ever seen a stray cat go up and want wheat?
No, they're going to go after the open can of tuna that's sitting around by the trash can.
They're going to go kill a bird or a squirrel.
Rob, have you ever known of any cats that go after wheat?
I can't say I have.
Have you ever met a vegetarian cat?
I can't say I have.
And Shermy got really, really fat when I was feeding her the other kind of cat food that
had meat.
And then I switched over to cat food that had meat as the first product.
And lo and behold, she lost weight.
And by the way, cats eat grass because they can puke it back up and get stuff out of their
situation.
Okay?
That's why cats eat grass.
Thank you.
And I kid you not.
Watch cats.
grass then they hack it all back up yeah any animal will do that let's go eat grass and throw it up
let's go make mud pies jamie yeah okay
anyway um another fu goes toward a lack of money a lack of time a big fu goes consistent
Also, an F.U. goes towards stupid people, and that don't mean people who just don't
understand.
You know, people who, well, there's types of stupidity.
The stupidity I'm referring to is lack of common sense, okay, for the people who should
not be involved in any part of the gene pool.
These are the people that I would like removed from my universe.
Another F.U. goes toward myself for having all of these ideas for writing
and just not being able to get them out of my head.
I hate writer's block with an unholy passion.
It's been driving me nuts.
So, an F.U. to writer's block.
An artist's block, although I had started drawing again.
I'm doing a commission drawing right now.
Another F.U. goes toward my college, but, okay, this is what I don't get, and this may
be a little bit technical for some people.
When you take out a student loan, if you're going for federal loans and you have to fill
out your FAFSA, it's a free application for federal student aid, so that your school will
know how much your family makes, or if you're an independent student, how much you make.
So I can understand that since they're doing a federal loan, they need to see how much
you are going to be eligible for.
But why on earth do I need to fill out a FAFSA for a private loan, okay?
I sort of see the reason behind it, it's just a big pain in the ass right now.
So I got to go out and I've done my FAFSA already, I just have to wait on the school
to get my student aid report so I can get my award letter, so I can apply for the loan
so I can get my laptop.
I need a laptop because I'm going into database management and another F.U. goes toward being
really homesick lately.
I just wanted to go back home for a little while and not have the money to do it in the
you go to stores, just being the busy time you're at work, and that's about it. But yeah,
I'm really hungry.
Aww.
Well.
Alright then, moving on.
Morkie, your turn. What's pissing you off this week?
I forgot about this song.
Um, number one, uh, I don't really know. It's like, it's been so long.
First off, of course, Fuck You is a safe and sane firework.
They're really lame, and when you have a firework that lasts shorter, you know, the matched lighting lasts longer than the actual firework.
I've had orgasms that lasted longer than some of those fireworks, seriously.
I mean, it's just like really pathetic. You're like, wow, you know, lighting a candle would have been more exciting than this firework.
So, that really sucks, but luckily we know how to get our money out of Safe and Same
Fireworks. That's burnt packaging that they come in. So, hooray. Number two goes to the
heat. I don't like it. It's been pretty hot. I don't like it being nice and cool out. You
comfy, Bay Area weather. Don't like this dry heat. Sucks.
Um, also, um...
Just be glad that this isn't the South Shore. It's very humid.
Also, of course, you know, after seeing Fahrenheit 9-11 again, and, uh, Buck Bush, just because, you know, he's stupid.
And, um, really, I'm not that pissed off at stuff that much.
Fuck you, the retarded people on Final Fantasy XI. I mean, there's some really dumb people out there. I guess pretty much everyone. There's a lot of dumb people everywhere. I really hate dumb people and many of the children.
And fuck you, the goddamn DDREX2 thing being broken again. It's like, I can't fix that machine enough. And that's why I have to be at the point to where I say, you know, fuck it, I don't care.
And once again, fuck you to Keith, because that promise he made that I would get to dismantle the BeatMania machine and take some of the parts for it, because you're gonna get rid of it anyways.
Well, he did it without me and threw the machine away. So, fuck him.
And, um...
Yeah, that's really all I have. I'm- I'm just done.
I- I'm just...
And I don't know what the hell, my PC, like, instantly restarted today.
Like, when, when I was gonna log out of Final Fantasy, just the whole PC restarted, so I had to figure out what's wrong with that.
So all I did today was open the case up. I touched nothing inside, opened the case up
because I noticed there was a lot of dust on the outside and I wanted to see how much
it collected on the inside. Opened it up, looked inside, closed case done, and it goes
and gets all fucked up, so. Oh, and fuck you to CoolWebSearch for hijacking Internet Explorer.
Internet Explorer is completely useless for a while, so you know what, that's why I'm
firebox now fuck you microsoft and i'm done
did you have something you want to add jamie
i happened to remind you
spammers can go to hell
my turn
um an fu to having the hiccups for two weeks or not that no it wasn't that one
three days um and uh that really sucked
and uh... an f you to my work wanting to send me away for two weeks
uh... my work must anyway for two weeks and that's the end of this all this
stuff is going on
my friend that's in iraq right now is going to be home and let me go on
uh... i was going to get tickets
uh... well fight
backed up sharks rose to treat me to elana's concert
and i'll get to go to that now
might be here
uh... and yeah so
What else was I going to miss? There was something else big I'm missing, let's forget.
I'm missing this show twice in a while, but you know, you gotta do what you gotta do.
Real life sucks sometimes.
Also an FU to Golfland and Scandia together
for helping make Sacramento Arcades a peak fat joke. I hate living here.
Actually, no, I really like living here, but as a gamer, it's pathetic.
Honestly, there's no arcades in Sacramento. None.
I miss the game room. I miss it so much. You know why I miss the game room?
Because they didn't have ticket machines at the game room. That is why I miss them.
They were all about fighting games.
I would rather have the fighting game crowd than the birthday crowd, and that's sad.
And they had victory.
Yes, they did. And they had pinball games, too, which made me happy.
I just, I can't stand it. I've had it. I've had my limit.
I've reached my limit of putting up with kids and teenagers.
fucking like 15 16 year olds like I know a lot of 15 16 year olds listen to this
program and so I'm not I'm not trying to be generalizing but I'm talking about
those kids that probably pick on you at school well those guys you hang out at
the arcade too and they're such asses I mean my god I wanted an F you to their
parents for making them I wish you would have aborted those
child
you know
he could be able to
fix the problems at
golf land if it weren't for the kids like ripping
shit off the game
you know before you used to be ripping keys off the
keyboard mania and changing diapers
and changing diapers on them and now
it's ripping the cymbals off the drums
or just chunks of
the cymbals but
golf lands defense they did at a subway
and that makes me happy
I don't fucking go there to eat Subway. I go there to play DDR, not be harassed and get the shit thrown at me. I'm just sick of it.
There's no arcades in this town anymore.
Till I open my dream arcade.
If I feel like just going somewhere to be a bitch, I'll just go to Golf Land and have people thrown out.
Well, maybe we should just go there regularly and have people thrown out regularly. That makes me feel better.
Probably be wonders for my morale.
I think we should do it. We could have like a squad name or something.
Alright, let's move on.
The arcade protection agency.
Got a small story about that.
It was really small.
There was our friend, Mr. Pirate Power, that's in, I don't know, Toady, I guess.
I want to get him on the show sometime because he's actually pretty funny.
I think he'd be pretty good for a guest on the show, but anyway.
Anyway, so he was down at Golf Land with prestige and stuff there,
and some stupid kid came up on him just acting like an ass,
They scared him and he ran out. That was funny.
I thought there was more to this story. I thought you would have, like, how he was thrown out or what was said.
I thought he was volunteering to sign up for the arcade ejection squad.
Anyway, moving on.
Yeah, AES. The Arcade Ejection Squad.
Fuck up! Get out of here!
We should totally start a website.
I'm loving this idea.
We're going to single-handedly save this arcade scene in this town.
All right, moving on.
Well, we did once by putting all of these pictures of the broken machines.
That's very true.
That's very true.
We ought to do that again.
We ought to do that again.
But this time we should send them, like, the media and stuff.
Anyway, let's go to the chat room, F.U.s, shall we?
VxJasonXV says, one simple F.U.
F.U. to having a job and not yet actually working, thus not having income.
DDR Angel says, only one F.U. this week.
I'd like to say F.U. to one of my coworkers who thinks that he should control my schedule at work
when he doesn't even have the authority to touch it.
If I'm scheduled until 10, leave it at 10.
I can't stay a half hour, even if you wanted me to, so get over it!
At least I'll be out of that hellhole soon, that is all, goodbye.
You know she's moving up here pretty soon.
She'll get out of the, uh, place she's in.
Then we'll hear more local FUs, anyway.
Um, sharksgirl says, uh, great, she says, uh, F you to your work.
My work. F you disguise work for making you go away so you miss our date.
I won't be able to put out for her. I promised I would put out because she bought the tickets and everything, so.
She says she figures if nothing else Mel's her default, but he just wouldn't appreciate it.
I'm sure Mel would accept the putting out, though, huh?
Jamie's raising her hand. You should talk to Jamie.
Don't count me out yet, though. The way my work works, just you wait. I won't be gone till September.
Lach has two FUs, one is a couple weeks old and then the new one.
Number one is this girl named Lauren who I thought everything was going well with.
After dating for a month, I got told that she was dating someone else by her best friend and she wasn't going to even tell me.
So FU there.
High school drama.
High school drama.
I don't even think he's in high school though, I think he's older than that.
I don't know the age of all our listeners.
It's drama.
I'm, I'm, we're in the old demographic here in the studio, that's the interesting part.
Locke also says, F you to people who cannot discuss politics by, without getting pissed off.
And also those who believe that you are not allowed to have an opinion yourself,
and unless you agree with them completely in politics, that they won't talk to you.
Replace politics with religion, and I had a frustrating experience like that the other day.
You know what, if anything that anyone has a strong opinion about,
they get all closed-minded about. Everyone has a right to an opinion, you know.
Blair O'Nai says, F you Dr. Atkins. If I hear low-carb or Atkins-friendly, I swear I will
break my TV. I mean, I bet half the people on Atkins who haven't read the books don't
know that carb is short for carbohydrate or that fruits have them. Also, I doubt many
know that all the fucking heart problems Atkins had when he died.
What's that was debatable because they said he also that died from falling. No the active site gives you gout
I thought you're gonna say yeah
But eating all that meat with a lot of gas like that. It also gives you bad breath and affects your hormones and
Like will eventually give you here. I have the miracle diet for you guys. Okay, we're gonna call it the banana diet
Okay, and I want to put this on all the packaging
We're gonna put this on like all these packages the banana diet friendly thing
eat less
exercise more
John it's worked for me John
John field says f you to my father
But and just so you know when I say eat less that doesn't mean you do the Mary Kate Olsen thing and not eat at
soft, you just eat less. If you're eating a whole pie, eat half the pie. Instead of
not eating, do crackles, just like the Olsen twins. Cause that's step two in Matt's great
plan to get them naked. No, it is, it is what you eat as much as how much of it you eat.
You know, just don't eat processed food. Go cook a meal. You know, get some, some, you
some, you know, steak, cook it on your Foreman Grill. Foreman Grill's awesome, you know.
It's a matter of just eating real food. Look, I guarantee you, I challenge everybody, okay,
for one week, you know, go grocery shopping and try it. Don't buy anything that has high
fructose corn syrup in it. Try doing it for a week. I guarantee you, everything that you
normally get, or most of everything that you get, has that as either a primary or at least
a middle ingredient on it.
Okay, I'm sorry.
That's alright. Back to John Fields' FU. FU to my father, fuck having to get a job, fuck
having to pay $500 for a tiny scratch on a bumper that happened in an accident. My life
worth is now down to only $1,000.
Hey, that's more than I've got today.
on
Evo Maoki 2DX says F.U. goes to idiot tourists on July 4th who thought that standing and
blocking my view was going to give them a better view of the fireworks
Oh and F.U. goes to F.O.G. for blocking out the fireworks in the first place
And F.U. to idiot drivers trying to run me over on my way back to the BART station
Oh and F.U. to the idiot drunk driver that took Satoshi's life
I think we have another F.U. to address that I'll get that at the end here
boy says neighbor kids suck they touch your drums then you tell them not to and
then tell their soccer mom then they come back and taunt you then they get
you in trouble I want to throw them off my house headfirst
misty says this one goes to myself because I lost my wallet and all the
important shit that I was stupid enough to keep in there I only hope I can find
it in the landfill that is my room I like I should go through the landfill
And lastly, Mel B of RTF has an FU. He says FU to Richard Earl Sevets. Thanks a whole
freaking lot for taking the lives of a local DDR and his mom. I'm sure drinking before
taking the wheel was worth it. You worthless fuck.
Difficult times for the NorCal Bomani scene this week. I didn't know him personally, but
I know a lot of people in NorCal knew Satoshi was his online name and passed away in a drunk
driving accident this week which is just a sad reminder about the effects of
drunk driving so just remember if you're going to drink give a friend your keys
please do not drive notice when we do our drunk shows here on orange lounge we
always have a backup plan for how we're all going to get home the fact that two
of us live here helps I had I had you pick me up to bring me here and I had
Dan take me home exactly I mean you know if if only everybody could be smart then
we wouldn't have this bullshit happening and that's what it is it's bullshit
shouldn't happen that is really sad I didn't better nail this guy's ass to the
wall that's all I have to say I'm almost positive he died too but I'm not sure
I'm not sure but you want to get some more black ops stuff maker of the
I just have this thing, though, about the drunk drivers who live, that I am sort of
glad that they live for one reason. Because dead people can't suffer. You can't make them
suffer.
That's a lot of guilt to have. I mean, a lot of...
It's not even the guilt that I care about. I care about sitting them down and making
them suffer repeatedly. I don't think a lot of drunk drivers are necessarily
bad people. It doesn't matter.
I know, I know, I know. It doesn't matter. They made a really horrible, bad, ignorant.
It's an ignorant decision. They're ignorant people.
I think that they need to be punished for it for the rest of their life.
Whether they punish themselves or, you know, I think that if you are involved in a drunk
driving accident and you were the drunk driver, you need to, for the rest of your life, have
your driving privileges revoked. For the rest of your life. I don't care how God damn inconvenient
it makes it on you, you do not deserve to drive.
Take the bus! That's what it's for! More people should take the bus anyway, not that I should
talk because I drive, but you know.
Actually, I do have another-
If I lived in a big city, I would take, like, the subway. Yes?
I actually do have another few, by the way.
I have an F you to the emissions commercials that they have on the radio here.
Because I normally listen to the radio, but I have a big F you to the emissions one.
Saying that, you know, drive your car less. Blah, blah, blah.
Do you know who the cause of the emissions problem is in the state?
It's freaking industry.
You know, car emissions are negligible in comparison to these unregulated factories that we have floating around.
around. So, you know what all that is? It's my whole theory on how government works, okay?
It's money. It's lobbyists. We are run by corporations. And it's these corporations
that control what legislature gets passed. So, anyway.
We had one more FU come in to kind of try and bring the mood back up here a little bit.
D. Archaholic says, FU to Comcast for deleting our connection to Japan TV because it was
a mistake and finding out that to get it back it cost $24 a month just for that one channel.
I guess that means we probably lost it too, that makes me sad. I know, but that still
makes me sad, it was a cool network. Oh well. What can you do? I think that's the station
that plays a lot of the current Dorama series that come on TV. Yep, I'm almost positive
I was watching one in Berkeley that was called Sakura.
Oh well.
Okay, so what we're going to do, we're going to take a break.
When we come back, what we're going to do, we will do some Ask Orange Lounge.
And I also want to show something off.
This computer upgrade has helped us be capable of doing something else here on the show
that we will be incorporating in the show in the future.
But we're going to kind of try it out tonight.
I'm going to show it to you guys when we come back.
Excuse me, front of the screen.
Allow you to sing in sync with the song.
That's one thing.
We're going to do that.
We're going to have Ask Orange Lounge with synced music, for one.
Send your questions over private message to Sky if you want to do some Ask Orange Lounge.
In the meantime, we've done a lot of pop and music stuff, so I think we need to get away
from it and try some, how about some 2DX, I don't think we've played a single, oh, we
did one 2DX song, that's not enough.
You want to do Cracker?
I want to hear Cracker.
All right, we'll do some Cracker.
And when we come back, Asgore's Lounge!
You
Faki no mienu tenka ini basen ito nai,
Iso mayo no mokigi gaga yo yo yo yo desu ka ka ka,
Jyomi bandana, kobachi oi, ito ka kang kang,
Dejino desu sa mane ga jibushi ma kyoto shaban,
Buka shikashi no sume de marumi e,
Seifu koho miyatatsu ka jibiki ka ise,
Mifu karazhi tai-ya,
Nisudame ni mai ni mai ni,
Nifune hou,
Mie desu kougo shika oka isho,
Samo otorou ka,
Nan desu ga su mai ni mai ni mai ni,
Mero mai ni tak,
You must be, must be, you know that you're not the one that's lost
You gotta kick the neck, you gotta be, you gotta be, you gotta be, you gotta be
Can't make me feel that you're running with me, yeah
Can't make me feel that you're running with me, yeah
Whenever I'm fine
I'm not prepared to say
Whenever I'm fine
I'm not prepared to say
Whenever I fall
It makes me happy
Baby, it's on the go Baby, it's on the go
Reachin' in the door, the lights do go, whoa Baby it's long, let's go, it's the light forever Can't wait till tomorrow
I want you baby, maybe tonight I'll take you far away
I'll see you dancing, shining like a jewel
Burning for love In the golden light of love inside you
My breath I have and your precious fire for me
Baby it's all in gold Reaching out the door to let you go
Baby it's all in gold Shine forever
Can't wait till tomorrow Baby it's all in gold
Reaching out, I don't wanna let you go
Woah, baby, it's all just gold
I'll shine forever, can't wait till tomorrow
I need you, baby
Hi ho, Kermit the Frog here informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio
is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
Welcome back boys and girls to Orange Lounge Radio.
We're going to get into Ask Orange Lounge in just a moment, but first I want to show
off a new feature that we're going to have very soon on the show.
I'm just trying to think of ways to implement this in a non-Trainwreck sort of way.
Oh yes!
I hear a phone ringing!
Hello?
Hello, Orange Lounge?
Yes!
I just have one question.
Yes!
Can you hear me now?
Yes, I can hear you now.
Who is this?
This is Jason.
Hi, Jason.
Yes, I can hear you now. Who is this?
This is Jason.
Hi Jason. Is this TeVX JasonXV?
You would be correct, sir.
Oh, how you doing?
I'm doing pretty good.
That's good. This is exciting, isn't it?
Now we can talk to our listeners.
Sounds nice and smooth to me.
Just so you know, this is not a regular phone connection, is it?
Nope.
No, this is actually...
This is a digital connection.
Yes, this is an all digital secure connection.
We're using a program called Skype.
You can download it at skype.org.
It's completely free.
You can spell it for everybody.
S-K-Y-P-E. And when we get this running, which we will soon,
you'll be able to call us.
If you have a broadband connection, unfortunately,
those of you with a modem connection,
it's going to be too much for your connections.
You're not going to be able to do it.
But if you have a broadband connection,
you will be able to interact with us.
And we're not sure in what capacity yet.
We're probably going to have to control it somehow.
but you will be able to call the show and it'll be fun.
And Jamie can yell at you in person, which will be great.
And you know your phone bill has nothing to do with this.
Yeah, this is not an actual phone line.
This is the same thing as sending an IM to somebody just verbally.
This is voice chat.
It's just a voice chat program on that.
It's like Xbox Live, except there's not people on it going,
you know, bitch, bitch, bitch, your mom, your mom.
You're a controller kiddo.
You're a controller kiddo.
You're lame.
You know what's going to be cool is when they come out
I'm still waiting for that.
It's coming, it's coming, so soon enough we'll have that.
And then we'll be able to see your ugly mugs at the same time.
Yeah, we'll definitely have to do something with itoychat in the future.
You should need to come back out and hang out with us again.
I have an excellent...hold on, wait, stop, stop the show! I have an excellent idea.
We can broadcast all of our shows over itoychat.
Oh, come on! I think there's moderators on itoychat. We'd probably get banned.
We'll see. We'll see when it comes out.
Alright, well thanks for calling, Jason, and helping us show off this new toy.
Thank you.
And thank you for filling in for the show last week. That was very nice of you.
It was very fun once I actually got underway.
When are you going to do your own show?
As soon as I actually have a definitive schedule.
Sounds good to me.
Yes.
Alright, you have a good one, Jason. Thanks for calling.
Goodbye, sir.
Later.
Bye.
Alright, that was fun. That's going to be a fun program to start using when we figure
out how to do it. But get on board right now. Skype.org. Oh, so people are posting the link
in the chat room. We're going to get a user account made just for Orange Lounge and figure
something out. Oh yeah, you did make one a while back, didn't you? Yes, ma'am?
I just wanted to make a quick statement. I apologize for going into the whole political
rant earlier. I try not to do it. I have my own elaborate conspiracy theory about all
of that, and if anyone would like to hear it, just PM me about it later. I won't bring
it up on the show again. I just wanted to mention.
Alright. Let's see. Yeah, we're going to do Ask Orange Lounge. I'm trying to find my Ask
Orange Lounge music now that we can actually do the music on beat I can't
find the damn music it's horrible found it here we go we're gonna answer some
questions that were sent to you I'm sorry sent to us by you for any of our
hosts you can ask us anything you want what's on your mind what do you want to
talk about here we go
let's ask Orange Lounge some stupid question what will we find out this week
on orange lamp on trade do I don't know what we'll learn the questions are
probably pretty dumb but all I know is I feel great because now I can sing and
sink number one question evil Naoki to DX when is the next time you'll be in
San Francisco it's been over a year since I last seen you guys when you pay
for the trip? Actually, I want to, um, go to, like, Dave & Busters in Mopedis. I know
it's not San Francisco, but I really want to go to D&B again. Oh my god, I want to.
A certain host has a certain birthday coming up with a certain power crash, um, anniversary.
You know, that's like six weeks away. I wanna go now. I wanna go when I get back from, uh,
East Coast.
We should celebrate the return of Rob with booze.
I want a going away party and a coming back party.
What was that game that you played that was the really
gay name? It was right behind our table
on my birthday. Flaming finger. Yeah, that was great.
Alright, moving on. You should win on that again.
Oh my god, Dave and Busters is having an I love the 90s viewing party all this week,
says SharkSkrull.
We need to go.
What a cool.
I said I'll be gone.
Cry.
This week?
Yeah, I love the 90s started today.
Beautiful.
Dead air, fun.
I was just sending a private message to a buddy.
John Field says, I know this really isn't Bamani, oh I'm sorry, number two question!
I know this isn't really Bamani related anyway, but did you see the end of Season 2 of Red
vs. Blue?
And if you did, what did you think of it?
I need to go watch those.
I haven't watched anything since the last season of Red vs. Blue.
Red vs. Blue is awesome.
What is it?
I don't even know.
It's these funny movies that they did with using the Halo engine.
Oh, I have heard of that.
They're great.
I've gotten the first DVD.
Oh.
Oh! So she can just download all of them off the internet. Didn't Microsoft, like, start actually paying them to do it?
Yeah! They, like, thought it was awesome. Well, it's really cool. Um, if you go into GameStop, um, their Xbox demos, the little cutscenes in between are from our, uh, the Red vs. Blue guys.
Interesting. Maybe we should talk more good things about Xbox and they'll hire us to do, you know, something.
DDR UltraMix is great. You should go buy an Xbox today and play it. It's so much fun.
I wish everybody listening could see the expression on your face.
You looked constipated. It was great.
Number three question.
Flair O'Nai wants to know, you guys always make a bunch of general comments about your work.
Where do you guys work exactly?
I'm not telling.
Yeah, we're not going to tell exactly where we work, but we can tell what kind of work
we do.
I work for a student loan lender.
A very big student loan lender, owned by a very big bank.
Okay.
I work for a, I'm a corporate trainer for a very large health insurance company.
Not very large, but somewhat big.
I work in customer service.
It's big in this state, but probably not where you live.
Uh, Logie.
Wait, one thing.
Yes.
I sit and read the internet. That's all I do.
He's a jizz mopper.
I am not a jizz mopper. I talk to stupid people. Mostly stupid people in the midwest because they're extraordinary stupid. Especially the people that work at video stores there.
God, they're so stupid. Yeah. Anyways, yeah, I work in the video industry. The movie industry. I get free movies.
To answer John Fields real quick, the federal government doesn't freaking care where you work. You still have to fill out your FAFSA to get your student loan.
Even if you work for the IRS, you still have to pay your taxes every year, believe it or
not.
Damn it, I know.
And I'm going to be taking out my student loans through where I work because, you know,
not necessarily that I'll get a better deal on it, it's just I simply know how the processes
are.
You go in there and tweak your account, no?
No, I wouldn't do that, but you still...
The FAFSA, if you've never done your own FAFSA, I recommend do it because it asks for all
of this information, it looks for the crap on your income tax, and it doesn't give a
shit where you work. It just asks how much money you made. And that is all.
Alright. Next question.
Next question. Number four question, also from Flareon A. Also, without one promo where
if you don't listen to Orange Lounge too often you get killed by an assassin through the
computer, does it say seven days at the end? Yes, it does.
Yes. If so, is that in reference to the crappy
which is really good. Anyway, I had this whole big fandom for the ring going on for a while.
Okay. Let's see, moving on. Damn, I thought that was a question. Oh, here we go. Number
five question from Jason. Which new consumer style do you want to see first? GITADORA 5
5.4, Poppin' 10, 2DX8, or a new DDR?
I'd have to say in order. I really want 2DX8, and then, um, guitar dota, um, 5.4, and then
Poppin'. Just because I, you know, well, I didn't buy Poppin' 9, which I probably should've,
but, um, Dan has just been goin' off wantin' new Guitar Freaks Drummania. And I have two
guitar freaks controller or is it a drum mania controller collecting dust in my house?
I actually put a new DDR at the top of my list and then I would say 2DX8, Popn10, Guitadora
5-4. I don't really collect the guitar freaks and drum mania at home. I think it's good
for other people. I really want them all to come out. So we'll see. But I want a new DDR
above everything else. I want a new keyboard mania! That's what I want. And another pada
Alright, sorry, I'm trying to get set up on something here.
Puppy has a question.
Number six question.
Would you believe that my little brother got a job working at a TAP-X in my hometown?
Because he did.
Those things are starting to pop up everywhere.
They seriously are.
I wish one would open up near here.
I went to the TAP-X down off of Sutterville and they are really nice.
have a big widescreen TV and they let you change the channels on it, and then they have
a PlayStation hooked up to it, a PS2 hooked up to it, so you can play whatever games they
have there. And, if you pay $5 a month, you can use their broadband service. A wireless
take one call before the end of the show if you anything you want to talk about
in regards to tonight's show username orange lounge radio all one word orange
lounge radio and by the way in answer to John Fields it is $5 a month to use the
broadband at their at their tap X we do get another question real fast while we
wait for a call to come through on the skyline black lab wants to know what is
favorite Pokemon of you? Number seven question. I used to like Togepi a whole lot. But I liked
Porygon because it made all the children have seizures. Jigglypuff was my favorite. Absolutely.
Um, man, um, my favorite would have to be Heart Attack Squirrel.
I liked in Evangelion Redeath how they had the giant, real, geeky Pikachu battle.
And then Fanboy Bebop Penis!
There's a fan animation that somebody did that, instead of Pikachu, was Fuckachu.
And it's actually about the human Pokemon, though, but I have to get it from my friend and show it to you. It's really funny.
I need to see Redeath and Fanboy Devop again. I need to get a copy of Nescaflowney.
I can't understand why these movies have not made their way onto the internet.
Nescaflowney, yes.
Nescaflowney.
Flonie well I've got fanboy bebop cool I have I also have the cutscenes from
fanboy bebop to with the it's gendo scene didn't they play those I thought
they play those at the very end like after the credits yeah I did have a jube
powers international Japanese man of intercourse I hated that it was it has
funny scenes. They need to make a Gendo movie. The It's Gendo movie? It's Gendo the movie.
Did you hear what I snuck in on the pre-show? The Misato. Yeah. I have two breasteses. No.
I won. The two. I swear they changed the dialogue in that because I thought there was one that
was like a part that said shut up Shinzi and then they changed it to no. No. No it looks
It looks like that as far as I've seen it, because I saw it at Fanime when they played it.
Oh well. Nobody likes this, oh well.
I don't think enough people have gotten Skype yet, because we just said it like ten minutes ago, we're going to be using this, and I don't think a lot of people even have this program yet.
I have another parody you might like.
But we'll see what happens, huh?
Voltron Hellbent for Leather.
What?
It's really old, but I'll have to copy it for you.
You guys are crazy.
Alright, we got some people saying they're gonna call in, they're trying to install the program now.
We only got time to take like one or two calls, so if you don't get through this week, um, definitely we can do-
Do we have any more waiting for us via private message?
We don't have any other questions waiting private message, so I'm just gonna-
I have a message?
Yes.
Why are we so damn cool?
Haven't you missed doing the show, though?
Yes, I've missed-
No, finally, we're getting a damn call. Let's see, I don't even know...
I don't even know how to answer the damn call. It's not coming up on the screen.
I think I just hung up on whoever was calling.
We're sorry.
I need to actually change something here in my options real fast because it's trying to...
Holy crap, it's Zaku.
I'm trying to have it not switch. No, I'm trying to make sure it doesn't switch. Hold on, I'm actually going to disable calls for a second, because I don't want people to call just yet, because what it's doing is switching our input, which is fucking up our thing going out. Hold on, I'll fix it. Sorry, guys.
Amy, help me fill time.
Fill time? Well...
I could rant.
Or we could listen to the ferret.
Okay, I got it fixed. We can take a call now.
I knew the ferret would get you motivated.
For some reason, the last person that called, I did not get the answer button when you called.
So make sure we're on your buddy list, I guess.
Maybe? I don't know.
Oh, maybe you did.
Let's see if I can do it.
Okay, we're getting a call now.
I can't answer it!
It's not letting me answer it.
Okay, let me see if I can change it from friends only.
There we go!
There, I got it.
Hello?
Hello?
You're on Orange Lounge?
Yes.
Who is this?
It's, uh, the Evil Naoki 2DX.
Hello, Evil Naoki 2DX! Naoki.
Yes, hello.
How you doin'?
I'm alright.
It's my Oh-To-To-Chan.
I only time are you
and it how am I ever
is ready is there anything you want to say about tonight show or a comment on
anything we talked about tonight
mommy guys got the guy thing up I I can tell by my
my way now it's kinda lagging behind so it's going to be so I put on me
real quick but yeah you're gonna have to do that folks when you do call into the
station make sure you put your wind up down because there is about a 30-second
delay between
us talking to you and then just like real radio
except we don't dump the f-word, darkline xbi as well
um, just wanna say, well, what's up
and uh, hopefully I will come up to Sacramento one day soon and uh,
you know, actually be on the show live, definitely you gotta come be on the show live sometime
yes, yes, definitely, any shoutouts
any TRL style Carson Daly blessed shoutouts you wanna give
Um, just to Angel and, uh, DarklineXVI and anyone else who wants a shoutout, here's my shoutout.
That's very kind of you.
Oh, and, uh, Rob?
Yes.
When are you coming to my house in a French maid outfit?
Promise me back at Reticon.
When I can afford a French maid outfit, I will come in my French maid outfit.
Oh, you're so kind.
I know.
Alright, I'm gonna let you go so we can take one more call before we leave.
no more call before we leave. Okay. Alright. Take care, bud.
See you guys later. Thanks, bye.
Okay, if anyone else wants to call in a comment on any of tonight's topics,
Skype-Line is open for you guys.
Username orange-lounge-radio-skype.org is the program you gotta get.
Brand new thing we're rolling out tonight, the Skype line.
So we'll wait and see if anybody else wants to give us a call.
That just sounds cool, the Skype line. I know.
It should like be like 1-900-HOT-SKYPE. I think it's very smart.
You know what's kind of neat about this is supposedly we can dial out, too, using this
thing, but I don't know how well that works. We could try calling my cell phone and see
what happens.
Alright, we're getting a call. Hold on. Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello, it's me, Darkline XBI.
Turn down your wing amp.
Oh, hold on.
That's right.
Okay, it's down now.
Alright. You sound like you're calling us from a glass jar.
He's hanging out with the tin can lady from Solo.
I got to adjust my mic.
It's all good. You guys will have plenty of time to play around with setting stuff.
What's up? What's on your mind? What do you think of tonight's show? Any comments on anything?
It's really good, actually.
When aren't we good? Damn, we're good.
We are so hot.
We could do TRL on Orgeland's radio.
Indeed.
I don't know if we would want to, but we could, so...
What's better than real radio?
How can I get multiple calls there? That was weird.
I'm gonna have to play with the settings myself on this end. Everything's still in beta, so we'll figure it out.
Anything else you want to say? Any shout-outs?
Well, I would like to make a shout-out to Rich, Evil Naoki, 2DX, and all of the
2DX community here in Vegas.
Oh, Vegas! I gotta go back to Vegas someday.
We need to see Maron-chan.
Yeah, there's a lot of folks that listen to us.
Why do you guys come into Vegas?
We need to go to the Adult Entertainment Expo.
Yeah, we'll be down there for Adult Entertainment Expo sometime.
Yeah, but we won't be there for Classic Gaming Expo because they moved that to San Jose.
Yeah, oh, I definitely want to go to Classic Gaming Expo this year.
Oh, yeah.
We'll see.
All right, we're going to have to let you go.
You know what, though?
I just realized that you sent me that story about the American Idol style thing they're doing.
Oh, yeah, I sent you that.
And I totally forgot to bring it up tonight. I'll send it to Jamie to talk about next week.
By the way, it's already gone.
Oh, is it?
Yeah. They don't have the links.
That sucks. All right, well, it was worth a try.
All right, thanks for calling in, dude.
Yeah, my pleasure.
Take it easy.
Bye.
Bye.
See, this is pretty cool now that we can take calls. I'm liking this.
All right, that's it. We're going to have to go ahead and close the Skype line for tonight.
And supposedly you can call actual phone numbers, we'll see how that works later.
But we're going to end the show for now, because we're running over a little bit.
Maybe we'll take a call in the afterbirth or something, that'd be fun.
Maybe.
Maybe.
Alright, but we've got to end the show, so goodnight everybody, thank you very much for
listening, thank you for supporting Orange Lawn's radio, please help us out, listen to
our Bomani Music and More program, whore up our ratings.
And send us money.
Listen to Jamie's show, which will be on- Oh, oh, oh, oh, that reminds me.
Yes.
I'm still trying to implement this, I'm doing Dark Sakura email, sort of like Strong Bad
email but not. And so, I'm taking either private messages to me on orangechallengeradio.com
as darksacra or to darksacra at gmail.com. Go ahead and send me your email and I will
answer them on the show and totally berate you, but not really. We'll see what happens.
Just wanted to make a mention.
Okay, um, I guess that's it. We're done. Oh god, final thoughts. Jamie, your final thought.
My final thought is Skype Line.
That sounds so hot, Rob.
Loki's not here.
Loki's final thought is potty.
Yeah, Loki's final thought is potty. And the final word of the show, I guess I'll have
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Dark Sakura, Sky, and Loki.
If you'd like to leave us a comment, send us an email at orangeloungeradioatyahoo.com.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
And now today's Ebonics language lesson.
Meeting girls.
My, you're a lovely young lady.
Damn, you's a fine motherf***er.
Damn, you's a fine motherf***er.
Let's go for a ride, shall we?
Hey baby, jump in my lowrider and let's rotate these tires.
Hey baby, let's jump in my lowrider and let's rotate these tires.
You are beautiful.
I would like to make love to you.
Damn bitch, you stupid fly.
Let me pull up to that bumper and smack that monkey.
Damn bitch, you stupid fly.
Let me pull up to your bumper and smack that monkey.
Greeting old friends.
Hello, sir.
What up, dog?
What up, dog?
May I borrow some money?
Hey, let me hold some ends. I'll hit you back on the first, my brother.
Hey, let me hold some ends. I will hit you back on the first, my brother.
You don't have it? Thanks anyway.
F*** you!
Making new friends. Hello, sir.
What up? What up? I admire your fashionable running shoes.
Drop them Nike's off your ass before I blast you, motherf***er!
Drop them Nikes off your ass before I blast you, motherfucker!
I used to be a stuck-up white boy faking the funk. Bump that!
I ain't bullshitting on Front Street no more, thanks to the Wake Up Crew's Ebonics language lesson.
Available in a hood near you!
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
Alright, we're back, Orange Lounge Radio, the after birth, here it is, this is the part
after the credits have come and gone, we're going to go ahead and open up the Skype line
some more, you guys want to play on that for a minute, so we'll...
Damn bitch, you stupid...
That was a great fortune cookie message, I mean not that...
I hadn't had that a long time ago and I finally bothered to get it.
I played it on my show once.
That's good, I like it.
Can we set up voicemail on it? Possibly. I think it would be cool if we could, because then we just leave it up
all day and people could send us their refuse with voice.
Maybe, maybe it's something they're going to do in a little bit, I don't know.
Alright, so we'll see if
we get any calls.
Nobody loves us. Actually, we're going to put details up on the website of exactly how you can call the show.
Duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh.
Otherwise, is there anything else you guys wanted to add?
What up, dog?
I need to find a computer case with, like, very specific
specifications. Like, I need...it has to be, like, about, eh, 13
to 14 inches wide and about 17 inches long.
Height is not a factor. But I'm looking at the micro ATX cases, and they're like, they're too small, and the normal ATX cases are too big. It's just I can't win.
Um, but I don't know, maybe if I could find an ATX case that was, you know, really, uh, short, that might work, but, um, I just, basically what I'm doing is I need to install, um, pretty much just, um, I don't know, I might be able to do it in a normal case.
Um, cause I need enough room to install the extra, um, ports for, cause there's, on a
normal DDR machine you've got like, you know, um, your standard, like a JAMA cable and four
other smaller, um, five pin cables that get plugged in there, cause it needs more than
just the JAMA, um, stuff.
So I need to add those extra ports onto the PC, and then I need to have, like, the, um,
There's a monitor, like a video converter card or something, a small PC board that I
need to get.
So I need to have that all inside a case.
And it's just kind of tough to get a case to hold all that without having to mod one
or having to make one, so yeah, I don't know.
Well, I was waiting for somebody to call, but I guess it's not going to happen.
Guess not. I don't know.
Oh, well.
I thought somebody said they were going to call.
There was that one chick, Misty, that said...
Well, yeah, but I didn't think she had a mic. Let me see.
Oh.
Well, the person who was going to call us is having technical problems, so I guess we'll just have to try again next week.
Thank you, everybody, for listening. I went ahead and closed the Skype line for now.
um... and we're gonna do a post show tonight
uh... but i don't know what music i wanna do. How about um...
I like this uh...
those compilations that I've been downloading recently, the Ministry of Sound stuff
I know you've got a lot of that on your computer, but I like it too. We should listen to the whole
uh...
the whole v-rare CD
for
E.A. Damion. Uh, no we shouldn't.
You know, I was just looking at Alienware's site. They have like small, mid-sized business
computers? Who the fuck would buy Alienware computers for business? I mean, you can't
even look professional with this little alien head on there and shit. I don't know, I guess
it beats cow print or whatever. All right, we will see you guys later. Thanks a lot for
listening. Enjoy this random mix of stuff mixed together by Ministry Sound. There's
a lot of good DDR sounding stuff in here and stuff you've probably heard in a cage match
before. Have a great night, you guys. Thanks for listening to and supporting Orange Lounge
radio. Vote as a 5 in your player window so we get a high rating. Good night!
With you is where I got to be
Oh, sugar, where have you been
Hanging out with your male friends?
Listen, somebody's gonna hear to you
The way you look, you keep hurting me
Oh, baby, love me right
Let me love you till the morning comes
Oh, sugar, love me right
You know I want to be the only one
Tell me love is who you're getting by
Ooh, baby, understand I want you to be the only man
Baby, but it seems so it's getting too hot I think I'll start to have my own fun
Oh, baby, it's plain to see That I'm qualified to fill your need
You think you're putting over on me Oh, honey, baby, just you wait and see
Ooh, baby, love me right Let me love you till the morning comes
Ooh, sugar, love me right No, I want to be the only one
Let me love you till you get it right
Love me right, you gotta love me Love me right, you gotta love me
Tell me love is so you get it right
Ooh baby, love me right
Let me love you till the morning comes
Ooh sugar, love me right
No, I want to be the only one
Ooh baby, love me right
Let me love you till the morning comes
Ooh, if you're gonna love me, baby Ooh, I want to be the only one
Since you're gone, everything looks so empty Without you, the nights are so cold
Can you tell, tell me how to convince you Please come back
I won't let you down, I won't let you down
I can't let you go, why can't you stay?
I still wonder why
I can't let you go. Why can't you stay? Give it one more try. I can't let you go.
I can't let you go
And I hope, one day you will forgive me If I could, I would turn back time
Would you know that I'm thinking about you If you knew, would you change your mind, would you change your mind?
I can't let you go, why can't you stay?
I still wonder why, I can't let you go
Why can't you say, give it one more try?
I can't let you go
Oh
Where am I now, I am looking but can't see ahead
Lost in this space, there's a voice calling out in my head
I'm passing my faces that I have been known never seen
Keep on looking and asking where have you been
I'm falling away, I am lost in the wilderness
I'm falling away on the wind I'm afraid
I'm travelling through, riding high into paradise
And all I can see is wilderness
I'm falling away, I am lost in a wilderness
I'm falling away on the wing of a friend
I'm traveling through, riding high into paradise
And all I can see is wilderness
I'm falling away, I am lost in the wilderness
I'm falling away, all the way back away
I'm traveling through, riding high, if you have to die
And all I can see, it will remain
And all I can do is will the man
Happyness
And loneliness
be happy
