Sky, and Loki Tonight, October 9th, 2011 Some PlayStation 2 games are finally sold in the PlayStation 3 store Television is about to be further integrated into your 360 And will the Kinect soon be utilized?
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is time for episode number 431 for this October 9th of 2011 of Orange Lounge Radio.
Come join us live.
We do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com right after the Bobby Blackwolf show.
But if you want to have your voices heard, you should join us in our chat room at chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
DarkSakura, Jamie Summers
You know, it's almost as if you never left.
We had such a derpy.
I heard about the derp-isodes while I was gone.
Yes, we called them derp-isodes.
I haven't heard, just like the podcast listeners, which I apologize for in advance, I haven't heard last week's, but I heard about half of the one from two weeks ago on my commute to work.
The one from two weeks ago was like two minutes?
Yeah, you guys just flew through the news.
And I did like a bajillion hours of Pump Up the Volume.
Not tonight though, we have a huge show tonight We have big announcements, big stuff to talk about tonight Of course I have to introduce the other guy here on the show Say hello to Techmaster Loki And I'll have you know for the record, I'm always questionable What?
I can't wait to hear your last week's show
I've been extremely busy.
Now, I know what you're going to think, though.
Like, yeah, the reason why I miss the shows.
I went to a rock concert two weeks ago.
Look, it's a band I've missed like three times.
And I said, I am seeing Lady Tron this time come hell or high water.
And it rocked.
But they only want you when you're 17.
And then last week, when you're 21, you're no fun.
Last week I went to Disneyland.
I know, rough life, right?
But I came back to just craziness at work.
And I had this performance I was doing last night.
I participated in a local production of Repo the Genetic Opera.
Yes, the movie.
They do shadow casting for that now, a la Rocky Horror.
Which, as you guys may or may not know, Rocky Horror is kind of the reason I got into podcasting in the first place.
Because Rocky Horror led to Under Sedation Live.
DarkSakura.com
and it was a great show man when they did some of like the killing scenes they did that whole thing where like the blood sprays out in the audience over the first five rows it was awesome so big kudos to the folks here in SAC that made that happen
And my friend played Blind Mag.
Yes, she was phenomenal.
She's really good.
Oh my gosh, I loved her.
She was, as they would say, fierce.
I didn't get to go last night.
I wanted to, but she has that dramatic quality in life.
And I don't want to ruin the movie too much, but it's been out a few years now.
She has a pretty dramatic death scene that's very over the top and just awesome to watch.
So, anyhow.
Only good role Sarah Silverman's ever done.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Hater in it.
Hater, hater, hater, hater.
But she was really, really good as Blind Mag.
Yes, I agree.
And to bring this back to games, Repo, even though some people don't really like it as a movie and say it's a terrible movie because it is a little weird.
It's the guy who did Saw doing a rock opera.
And like opera, meaning everything is sung.
Tony Head.
Anthony Stewart Head.
Hello.
And it's told in that kind of comic book style and it's just neat.
It's something you should see.
Anyhow.
And they should make a game out of it.
Back to video games for a minute.
Obviously this has been like everywhere this week but we have to mention it.
We have to.
Steve Jobs passed away this week and it's kind of one of those things.
It's insanely sad.
I know it's been all over CNN and especially all over Twitter and Facebook and so forth.
I know you guys have heard a lot about it but
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and plus you know it was called podcasting in the beginning even before iTunes because and we were actually doing a show back before iTunes that's how long the show's been going on your old RSS would kind of you could get these programs that would actually still sync them to your iPod because they weren't iPhones back then but iPods and you kind of sync it that way and so there were ways to do what iTunes was doing before that but it was always designed with that portable on the go thing in mind
In a garage.
The original was in the garage.
Obviously, that leads to Apple II, which is what anybody who grew up in the 80s, we all did.
How many of us played Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego on one of those rectangular bricks?
Or Oregon Trail, or Math Blasters.
That was a huge part of our education.
To me, it was always really looking forward to computer lab day.
I'm sure you other nerds feel the same way, right?
It was just like Computer Lab Day was awesome We didn't have computers in Alabama Really?
Oh No, we had like I actually believed you for a minute We actually had one Apple IIe in the library Which I would just go play all the time And then we had like the tall brick Macs, you know what I mean?
Right At a couple of the facilities that I used to do volunteer work at
And if it wasn't for him, we wouldn't have the MacBook and we wouldn't have been able to upload the virus to the alien mothership to save the world on Independence Day.
Absolutely, absolutely.
Very important contribution is that Steve Jobs did contribute to saving us from virus.
But I'll tell you something.
Even back in the day, the first really good graphics programs were developed on Mac.
And that's why, I mean...
Max were in schools everywhere.
Especially when you and I were growing up and Loki, Max were everywhere in our schools.
That was a really smart ploy on Apple's part, but certainly you get attached to it.
I was in yearbook, which I know is something very similar to what you do now.
You might not do yearbook, but you do publishing.
Dude, we did that shit on PageMaker on a Mac.
It was good times.
Now we're like, did you use PageMaker?
InDesign, hello.
But yeah, but Adobe...
You know, even fully supported the Mac platform for ages until they finally realized, oh yeah, PC's caught up.
Oops.
And, you know, there was also the gaming connection too on the 2600.
Jobs had played a role in Breakout on the Atari 2600.
that's one of the more kind of I mean Woz you know talked about how he kind of got shafted on the Atari bonus on that game but regardless of you know all that and how things went down it's you know he did kind of have that more direct impact on the gaming industry and I gotta say this you guys this is the one that people forget about I think or not everybody but you know some people have forgot about CNN stuff I think is the most important in some ways things he did he brought Pixar back and like Pixar
is amazing.
Like, the movies they make and everything.
Like, if you hate every single Pixar movie that's ever been made, I question your taste.
I'm sorry to say.
But, like, you know, and Pixar has made some that you may not like.
Like, I know not everybody dug Cars 2 or Ratatouille.
Or A Bug's Life.
Okay, but seriously, like, Wall-E, Up, Toy Story 1, 2, or 3, take your pick.
How often does a movie like that have so many great sequels?
Right?
So...
I do have to say though, most CG movies today are made in Linux based programs.
There's still some today that kind of feel that traditional animation is best.
I think we're getting to a place where you get a good mix of the two.
There's been some great traditionally animated ones.
I like Princess and the Frog an awful lot.
Boo!
What?
You don't like that movie?
It was terrible.
I haven't seen it.
I thought it was great.
Hater.
Obviously the stuff Pixar does, even up through Tangled, were really, really good movies.
I know Tangled was not technically Pixar, but...
I mean you look at DreamWorks look at any of them I mean basically Pixar really innovated the genre so yeah a tip of the hat to a guy who was very sassy too like in the way he ran his company was very unlike other CEOs so a tip of the hat to Steve Jobs and rest in peace sadly I think we all kind of I mean when it happened it was like oh wow but I think we all kind of we all kind of knew
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Pancreas Pancreas Pancreas
and it's no joke and I was very scared there for a minute when they had to do the MRI on it because they told me flat out they had to rule out pancreatic cancer because I had a growth on my pancreas.
Thank heavens it was just a cyst.
So, you know, I absolutely feel and I know it had to be a great deal of pain.
And now it's been stopped and desisted.
Well, in his case, you know... I meant for you.
Oh, for me?
Stopped and desisted.
Oh, I get it.
Desisted.
Har, har.
But no, at least for him, he's not in pain anymore.
And, you know, you gotta imagine, like, he was up on the stage as late as, what, April?
He did that... It was the Stanford thing, too.
No, that was back in like, oh, five.
But April was the whole iCloud thing.
Yeah.
And so, you know, he was on stage for that.
So when you consider that was six months before he ultimately passed away...
I'm just glad he's not in pain anymore and I hope his family and all that is doing okay.
I'm just going to turn the car, complete 180.
I'm going to go from really, really sad news to really happy news.
I'm turning the car around.
Now we're going to Disneyland, everybody.
We mentioned a couple weeks ago on the show that we would really appreciate it if you guys would nominate us for the podcast award, which we won back in 2005.
I don't even think we've been nominated since, maybe like one time, I don't remember, but it's mostly been, especially in those first couple years, 06, 07, a lot of like the corporate cast, and you know, a nomination in there would go a long way towards exposure for the show and everything, and
Oh my god, we got nominated!
We did!
It was announced yesterday.
We got nominated!
PodcastWords.com if you want to check it out.
It's amazing.
And what's really amazing, I'm going to be honest, the other shows that are nominated, I think all but one or maybe two of them are indie shows.
You're talking like ten shows.
And there's some awesome indie shows in there.
And so I feel very confident that some indie is going to walk away with it.
And that's great.
You know, and Indy's going to be getting the exposure.
Although I'd rather be our Indy.
Well, sure, not going to lie.
It would be awfully nice.
No, I want us to be nominated just to lose.
It would be awfully nice, but... If you don't vote for us, we'll eat wet cigarette butts.
Don't care We'll throw a protest No, obviously we would love a vote And voting opens on the 12th at podcastawards.com It's this interesting thing where you have to vote every day So please vote often And yeah, we would really appreciate it That would be great But win or lose, we're going to just keep doing what we always do, right kids?
Yeah, being awesome I'm going to quit if we lose I'm done, stomp Alright
Let's move on and talk about, we gotta get back to video games.
Let's talk about our gaming weeks and the stuff that we have been playing this week.
So DarkSakura, we'll start with you.
How was your gaming week?
I really haven't played much of anything.
I mean, just because I've been super busy with school.
Excuses, excuses.
I was on WoW just long enough to do dailies and that's it, really.
I mean, I did like one instance and, you know, but like yesterday was Yom Kippur.
Yom Kippur
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
but I mean it's it's but for me it was just sort of like stepping away from everything you know I turned off my phone I turned off my computer you know I and yeah the fasting thing is never fun but I spent a lot more time around people
I gotta say, you know, my friends, some of my friends and I used to do a trip.
Sadly, we don't do it anymore.
We used to do a trip every year to Mendocino and we would stay in a house that was quote unquote off the grid because you literally don't have cell service when you're that close to the ocean.
And, you know, just it was actually a really neat, neat trip.
And it forced me to get away from all that and just be with people, which was which was great.
So I have to say that actually it's been a good week of disconnecting from from the games and the Internet.
So your gaming week has consisted of being anti-technology.
It was a vacation.
It was a vacation.
And then I found a game that I totally have to have.
And that's that Kirby 10 Kirby game.
Kirby's broken up into 10 parts and you have to find all of his parts and then you attack things by throwing a bunch of Kirbys at it.
I want that game.
Mass Attack.
That's it.
I want that game.
Go get it.
I'm broke.
I will fill in for your gaming week then since you were on a religious observance and so forth through the week with what some folks in chat have been playing.
YYR in our chatroom says, I bought a Turbo Duo with 11 games.
Not that I have much to explain or anything.
Because this show is rated TG-16.
Entitalitis, hope I said that right, said My Gaming Week, Street Fighter 3, Third Strike Online, bought DJ Hero 2 on a whim at Big Lots.
Well, if they were selling it at Big Lots, that means it was probably $10, hence why he probably got it on a whim.
So, awesome.
It's a good whim.
It's a good whim.
I think DJ Hero is a pretty underrated series.
It's a lot of fun.
It's unfortunately like the other music games that I played.
I buy it.
I get all excited about it.
Play it a little bit and then it goes away for a while.
But then eventually once I have nothing to do, I'll go back and play it again.
It didn't have fabulous longevity.
And I think the fact that it has such a large controller that you have to kind of like put away, then get out, plug in.
I think honestly, when people want to play, sometimes they just want to turn on the system and go.
So I don't know.
But yeah, DJ Hero at least was a great game.
All right, Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was pretty good.
I played a few things.
Grand Theft Auto, barely, because our firewall has been absolute shit.
Apparently Microsoft went down, Live went down for a little bit on Monday, and for some reason after that, our firewall has just been absolute shit.
We were lucky to get four out of the five consoles connected to Live in a game together and actually be able to stay in.
It has been more of like
Dead Rising 2 Off The Record
Which I was really excited about that and it's a pretty awesome game.
The only disappointment I have with the game is Dead Rising 2, one of the things I hated was the fact that you had to keep going back to give your stupid daughter Zombrex.
I was like, cool, Dead Rising 2 off the record is going to be awesome because you don't have to do that anymore.
No, this time Frank West is infected and he needs to take Zombrex.
So I was like, oh, come on.
Thankfully, when I did that, when I got to that point, I was like, oh, come on.
I switched right over to sandbox mode and there's none of that shit.
So it's just killing zombies and that's it.
Funny enough, the way the beginning of that... Is this game already out or is it coming out?
It's coming out.
Okay.
So the way it kind of begins in the sandbox mode, he's being dropped out of a helicopter, much like the first game.
And they're all, so are you covering your next big scoop here?
He's all, no, not this time.
This is my vacation!
And does a roll onto the roof and then just starts killing zombies.
But everything transfers back and forth, your experience and costumes and crap that you get.
So right now I went through a sex shop, so I had a bunch of weird village people-esque stuff on.
You know, when I think of the village people, I don't necessarily think of sex.
Well, chaps, okay.
Maybe it's a generation thing.
No, it's more like leather chaps.
Alright.
Just for whatever reason.
I'm just picking up all the clothes on the way.
Whatever ends up happening, that's fine.
Because it's shopping.
But now I have this weird mask and bullhorns on my head.
Not gonna lie, I always got the biggest kick out of playing a furry in Dead Rising and putting on the big furry costume.
I haven't gotten there yet.
But it's pretty fun.
Yes, I'm a furry, virtually.
But it's nice to be able to do the photography stuff.
Frank, even in the main story mission, which I'll probably go back to that, it's still pretty funny because the dialogue and stuff is a little bit different.
But a lot of the stuff that happens in the game is kind of similar.
I don't know.
It'll be interesting to see how the game plays out.
But yeah, so I'd recommend picking up, especially since it's not even a full price game, it's just $40.
Holy!
It's like Dead Rising 2, but better, so yeah.
It's priced where most games ought to be, in my opinion, but anyway.
Yeah, so definitely worth picking up.
That's pretty much all I've played this week.
All right.
Well, hey, let's go to my game of the week.
Oh, no, I'm sorry.
Burnout.
No, I'm sorry.
One last thing.
Burnout Crash.
Played that a little bit, and that's actually pretty fun.
Despite the fact that I really hated the idea of a top-down Burnout, but it's actually a pretty fun game.
Alright, you done?
I'm done.
You sure?
Yeah.
So I haven't played a whole lot of games, especially this week.
I already told you guys I've been busy as hell.
So, you know, besides the Disneyland games, because you know whenever I go to Disneyland I gotta go to Flynn's Arcade because Electronica was back and play some classic games there.
They did mix them up a little bit.
I noticed some games were gone, but I play stuff like Frogger that's always there.
And I also, you know, of course Midway Mania, which is a lot of fun.
GamePricing.com
and that is where you basically pay what you want for the game Frozen Synapse and it comes with the game Spacechem as well and if you're not familiar with Humble Bundle they just had one of these like not even a month or two ago because I remember that's how I got VVVVVVV
was in one of these Humble Bundles.
It's a very interesting new way to price games where people can kind of pay what they want.
And these games are not necessarily new, but they're good games.
And I think something a lot of people may not have given another look if they didn't have this whole pay what you want thing going on.
And I think they're making pretty good money off of it.
And a chunk of it goes to charity, which I think is great.
And it's not just Spacechem either.
You do get a bunch of other free stuff.
Well, hold on.
I want to put this out.
So if you spend more than the average, which right now is $4.75, you get some other games as well.
You get Shadowgrounds.
You get Shadowground Survivor.
I think these other games were only with pre-order.
I don't think you get them anymore.
you get the game Trauma now too I think it's thrown in there and the one other game I want to mention because this is the one I played, Trine was in the bundle as well
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and you literally hit one button to switch between because like the story kind of goes that all three of them find this magical item that they get attached to because usually the thief and the warrior would not be getting along and the mage and the thief would be having this weird thing going on so you know the item binds them all together and so now their souls are all shared or whatever so they're going on this adventure to remedy that.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
For the low, low price of whatever, it's great.
But again, I would recommend you not be totally cheap.
Spend the, let's just say, five bucks at least and get the other games as well.
And if you're having a good week, give them ten.
It's a good cause.
Or whatever you think these games are worth.
So yeah, that's at HumbleBundle.com And trying alone was worth it I gotta admit, I tried I was gifted a copy of Frozen Synapse about two weeks ago Because Steam was having like a buy one get one free sale Where like people could give the codes to other people And somebody was kind enough to give me their code for Frozen Synapse I gotta admit
I didn't get it at all.
I think I just need to try again.
Sometimes you have to be in the right mindset.
Have you guys ever had that?
You have to just be in the right mindset to enjoy a game.
Sometimes you'll sit down and play it once and you're like, I don't get it.
But then you go back a month later and play it again and you're like, oh man, what was I missing?
I think I just wasn't in the right mindset, which is why I don't think I ever reviewed it on the show because I knew I wasn't really prepared to talk about it.
Oh, did DarkSakura just buy the Humble Bundle?
Yes, it did.
Alright.
I think you'll like trying.
I'm not going to buy this one because I haven't even played through more than one game out of the last bundle I bought.
But didn't you play VVVVVV until you beat it?
Yes, until I beat it, but not 100% because I still have one more shiny object to get and I just want to rip my hair out if I'm supposed to get that.
It's annoying.
I mean, I get it.
It's supposed to be hard, but I don't want to play it anymore because it's so hard.
I'm not going to come back to it and try it because I know what happens if I get it.
It just flips the damn game upside down.
Spoiler.
And you play the same thing again.
No, it's still the same fucking game because you flip up and down.
It's not like Castlevania.
I'm sorry, but I get what you're saying, but up until you get to that point, it's an amazing game, and the music is amazing.
No, it's an amazing game.
I love it.
It's such a simple concept.
It's just great.
I mean... I know, alright, alright.
But anyway, I think, you know, maybe... Loki, did you play Trine on 360?
Because I think a lot of people may have already played it and I just missed it.
I haven't played it on 360.
I would say that alone makes this set worth it, but, you know, check it out.
Frozen Synapse, I think, is a bit more of like a strategy game.
Also comes with soundtracks and an editor.
Oh, really?
I didn't even pick that up.
See, I just... You know what?
I just picked up my Steam code and went to town.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
it is a really good looking game and very smooth on my computer and I'm playing it in like 1680 by 1050 widescreen in high quality so it's great yeah actually Salacious Pop may not even know I didn't even have the graphics on their highest setting I had it on high not very high so maybe I'll have to try again later with a very high
So anyway, that's pretty much my gaming week.
So I think we will move on to gaming news and talk about all that with you guys in our chat room.
I guess I could quickly mention once again, please follow us on Twitter, twitter.com slash OLR.
We also have a Facebook at facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
This is also the part of the show where I will mention any housekeeping, like upcoming shows that we're missing and what have you.
I'm stuck for the rest of the year.
I don't see myself missing any shows.
Something unforeseen may always come up.
I'm missing one in a few weeks.
That's right, DarkSakura, you are leaving for a week at the end of the month, right?
I will be gone on the 23rd.
But it won't affect the show.
We will have a guest host just like you guys had Dan here when I wasn't here.
And we'll move on.
So, all right.
Let's get into some gaming news.
Loki, start us off.
What's up?
So, PlayStation 2 games, as we've kind of thought for a while, are going digital in this new Only on PlayStation Network campaign.
They're going to be doing, I guess every Tuesday this month, they're going to have a new exclusive selection of rare classic games, including God Hand, Grim Grimoire, Maximo and Odin Sphere, and Ring of Red.
And I guess, of course, their old PlayStation 2 games, they've done nothing to them.
No updates whatsoever.
They just play now on the PlayStation 3.
And I guess PlayStation Plus members get them at a 20% off discount during launch week.
And if you spend more than $60 in October, you'll get a $10 credit for November.
So, interesting.
I guess they're saying there's also a lineup of PlayStation Network exclusives.
Now, these aren't necessarily, these are actually not PlayStation 2 games, but Euphoria and Rock Hard, that was actually this week on the 4th.
Next week on the 11th, Sideway New York on the 13th, Sodium Collection.
If it's sodium, might as well forget about it.
18th, Okabu and Rocket Birds.
And then on the 25th, the expansion for Infamous 2, Infamous Festival, Blood, and PixelJunk Side Scroller.
But all I got to say is, yeah, thanks, Sony.
You figured out a way to play PlayStation 2 games on your PS3 systems, but you don't do a free update for everybody so they can, I don't know, take their old games that they have and make everybody happy because they have backwards compatibility.
No, you decide to sell them on the marketplace.
Figures.
I'm trying
Have they emulated that?
Well, here's my other question.
Okay, the whole benefit of the doubt thing is it may be a situation similar to Xbox 360 and original Xbox, or maybe their emulator doesn't emulate everything, and that's why they don't want to open it up, because maybe it can't play the big, big games.
Like, I mean, you got a lot of neat games in this original launch here, but let's be real.
It's not like you have your Final Fantasy X, your Grand Theft Auto Vice City.
Well, yeah, they're doing... None of that is in there.
But see, they're doing just rare...
DarkSakura.com
It's because they lost a lot of money when the PlayStation Network went down and they need to recoup that.
That's why they're selling them.
You think?
That is exactly why they're doing it.
I did notice that there was very little fanfare about this.
You know what I mean?
We've been building up to this.
Remember about two years ago there were the whole rumors about the Dreamcast things are going to be coming?
I don't know.
But those already have.
E3 E3
or even Tokyo Game Show about this.
But no, this just was like, no, yeah, we're going to just put these up in the marketplace.
Enjoy.
Well, that's why you're seeing a lot of these older games that are very niche and stuff because these companies aren't going to necessarily put out these HD remakes or whatever of their old games.
So obviously you're not going to find a Grand Theft Auto or something like that as part of this because...
As we discussed last week, of course they're going to at some point up-res all the Grand Theft Auto games and put it out on a disc.
I mean, it's just stupid if they don't.
I mean, why wouldn't you?
Especially if San Andreas, it would be easy.
All you would have to do is re-license the music in there.
Obviously, that would be a cost.
You wouldn't even necessarily have to re-record the audio in the game.
Obviously, you'd have to get the rights from all the voice actors and stuff like that.
But, you know, if you put in the Rage Engine or something like that, and they've already done that on the PC, modders have already taken care of that, it could be done.
It's just getting all the rights and all the legal stuff taken care of.
But once they do that, I mean, it's just going to be amazing.
I'm going to our chat room for some comments at chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
SSJ100Matt says,
YYR says maybe they're just doing software emulation wasn't there a Playstation 3 model that did that already although it didn't support every game I seem to remember that too wasn't it the Europe one or maybe they had one here too but wasn't there one overseas the old 80 gig systems that came out here a long time ago 80 and the 40 I think it was the 80 gig systems like the Metal Gear Solid one was one of the first ones that supported just some of the titles and not all of them like the one sitting in my front room
And then the 40 gig systems stopped supporting it And eventually the 80 gig systems also stopped supporting it But yeah, it is software emulation So is the PlayStation 1 games And in fact, the PlayStation 1 games You can take that emulator and basically dump any ISO into it And it'll work just fine That's what they've done on hacked PSPs Is they've taken that same emulator and you can run any PlayStation 1 game
and I'm guessing this is probably the same situation with the PlayStation 2 stuff is it's just an emulator that they have and they've found a way to just basically they can dump any ISO in there and done.
They're ready to go.
I don't know because I haven't really seen anybody try to hack it apart yet but I'm guessing that's probably what it is.
Do you think they'll make a lot of money off this, Loki?
God Hand Clover Game
Yeah, I gotta admit, there's some of those that I kind of want to check out too.
But thankfully, Alan has like a couple of these already.
So it's just like, oh, we just gotta hook up the PlayStation 2.
It's sad though that they aren't even trying to like update these at all.
I mean, they're not even smoothing out the graphics or whatever that you would get.
I think you can do that with the PlayStation 3.
Well, shit, I haven't even tried to run a PlayStation 2 game on my 20 gig.
Well, 500 gig now.
I know you can do the smoothing stuff like kind of how you were able to with the PlayStation 2 on PlayStation 1 games.
It was a little bit better.
But yeah, I mean, it's just...
and DarkSakura.com.
Hell, you can't buy new copies of that anymore, so that might be a good way to drive sales.
And same with the PlayStation 1 games.
PS3s are fully backwards compatible with PlayStation 1 games, and I'm pretty sure they sell a lot of PlayStation 1 games on their network, so I don't understand why they don't do it.
If I may rewind just a little bit.
Sure, of course.
The game Splot that was a pre-order win, they are including it when it's available.
Oh, okay.
For the indie bundle.
Nice.
And there's a demo of it available.
Woohoo!
Good to know.
All right.
Well, let's move on with some other news.
This is also about Sony and a comment that they have made this week, and it's about the Vita, which a lot of people are looking forward to.
And I've got to say, I'm one of them.
I'm definitely picking up a Vita at launch.
Loki, you're getting one of these too, right?
Maybe.
Maybe.
What are you sitting on the fence with right now?
I know Dark Sakura has more financial stuff.
It's financial.
Is it?
Okay.
All right.
Well, it is a financial investment, I guess, no matter how you look at it.
I mean, I guess it's financial for me, too, but I have a real tendency to spend a lot of money on stupid crap.
The lineup is looking nice.
It's just we'll see what they have at launch.
All right.
Well, let's talk about a comment that John Kohler this week, who's the director of hardware marketing, mentioned in an interview with Investor Palace.
Quote,
Yeah, um...
I don't know about that.
and the fact that it's going to have still the touch sensor, you could pretty much, if you're a developer, you could port this stuff over to the PlayStation Suite or whatever and if it does end up turning out to be pretty viable, you could see a lot of stuff coming out of there and yeah, they could quickly catch up.
Beating out Apple right away, I don't know about that.
I mean, because they're not going to sell more units than there are iPhones or iPods or whatever, iPads.
Just like they're two tablets.
I mean, come on.
Those things are terrible looking.
I mean, come on.
I'm still looking forward to the Vita, and I think the intricacy of the games on here are not going to be able to... I mean, will be a step higher, certainly, than what you get on the iPhone and so forth, despite everything that iPhone showed this week.
but I think the other big thing that sets this apart is just the fact that it's designed as a gaming system first so therefore you have things like I don't know tangible buttons and sort of the features that gamers would want but of course this whole comment like this you know we're better than the mobile games and so forth I think just serves as justification for them to charge way more money for the games and how much weren't you saying the games were like 50 bucks on this thing right now
Yeah, that's what PSP games are.
I couldn't remember.
I always thought PSP was $40.
Well, PSP games are $40 now, but they used to be $50.
I mean, it's just now you're not seeing a lot of games sold on there.
But yeah, there's still $50 games on the PSP, and I think that's a great price point.
I mean, assuming that stays there and doesn't go any higher, because...
I don't know.
I don't think they should be.
But I like the fact, though, that the system is going to be very much like the original PSP where it's a gaming system, but it does a lot of other shit.
Right, right.
And I think that will be probably ultimately its greatest strength as well is that it's a great college kid system.
And I think that's probably where the PSP sold a lot, too.
So there you go.
All right, well, DarkSakura, what do you got for us?
I have some stuff and it's more Sony yay basically they've implied that all the first party titles are going to use the online pass basically they're pulling an EA like the $10 deal so they're saying that Uncharted 3 is going to use the online pass system that was introduced earlier with Resistance 3 and saying that online pass will be incorporated into future Sony Computer Entertainment Worldwide Studios games with online functionality
They said they're going to announce more on it later.
Well, now a first party's on board.
I think it's time to just accept that this is now the norm.
Yeah.
Right?
Pretty much.
There's still some people that are... I think you'll see a lot more third parties do it.
You're not going to see Microsoft do it.
They can't.
I mean, that would just look bad.
Microsoft can't do it.
You're right.
I agree with you there.
Unless they stop charging for gold, which they're not going to do.
No.
Yeah.
So it would be very interesting if they try, though.
I can't wait for that episode.
And Nintendo, well, you know.
They don't even know online exists.
What online?
Exactly.
That was funny.
It's like you have to charge for an online pass.
What?
There's online?
So we can maintain our online system.
What?
What online?
Who knows?
There's still a lot of question marks with the Wii U. Yeah, like what does it do?
Well, one of those huge question marks is how's it going to handle online?
And they have been purposefully quiet on it because I don't think they know either.
But they better know by June.
Like, crap.
We have to do online as well?
Our online system will be significant.
Significantly bad.
I told you at E3, right, when they brought the EA guy out on stage, I thought he was going to come out to announce that EA was going to just do the online part of the Wii.
Because they were talking about a partnership and stuff, and they mentioned online games and stuff, and I thought, oh, they're just going to let EA handle the online part of the Wii.
That'll be what it is.
No, that wasn't what it is.
That would be terrible if they did that.
And that would be sad.
Alright, moving on, Loki.
So, it's kind of cool.
During the same time as the whole Apple unveil of their new technology devices and stuff like that, there was this whole Flash Adobe conference, Adobe Max conference going on.
and some of the new things that they're showing.
First off, Unreal Engine support for Flash 11, which is kind of interesting.
You're going to actually have some really decent looking games now running in the Flash or even in your own web browser, so that's kind of cool.
People are saying, hey, maybe this could be a major transition in social gaming.
No, it won't.
I'm afraid that's not going to be the case because
You know what?
Yes, the technology may be out there to do that, but it doesn't necessarily mean that a company is going to do that, seeing as they can develop a game much cheaper that doesn't necessarily need the Unreal 3 engine.
But it's neat to see that, hey, someday we may be playing Unreal Tournament in our web browser.
And then, of course, not to be outdone by that, Crytek also is investigating Flash for the CryEngine and possibly doing some sort of cross-platform solution, including support with a bunch of other systems.
They're even saying maybe looking into iOS and Android.
That'd be kind of cool.
I don't know if that'd be able to... Obviously, not some of the phones out there like mine, but...
Very cool.
And, of course, they're saying Crytek Seal is hard to work at.
The first-person shooter, Warface, which is supposed to be coming out in Asian regions.
But it might be pretty cool.
If they do some sort of easy cross-platform solution, you may see a lot of these PC games being ported to many other devices other than just Xbox 360 and PS3 in the near future.
So...
That's cool.
It'll be interesting to see if web browsers actually get enough technology where they can support really good looking games.
That would be kind of interesting because then you wouldn't necessarily need
DarkSakura.com
I don't know if that would be... See, the problem is... I just shot my friend DarkSakura in the face.
Click here to post to your wall and try Unreal Gaming now.
The problem with that, though, is I just don't see them doing a casual game like that.
Because, once again, Facebook kind of tends to skew towards casual gamers, and I don't really see Unreal Tournament...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And I was surprised to see the Powered by Unreal Technology logo at the beginning.
I realize the new game is, but I was like, well, what the hell about the classic emulation needs the fucking Unreal Engine?
Like, really?
The only thing I could possibly think of are the little, like, rotating images of the arcade cabinets.
I'm like, what? !
or maybe there's some maybe I just haven't seen it yet maybe there's like an unlockable demo for the new one or something that shows up but I was kind of surprised to see that I was like okay I know Mortal Kombat 3 and 2 and 1 did not run on the Unreal Engine no I'm pretty sure they did not this is funny to me so
Although, if they somehow enabled it to where they took the old mo-cap stuff and made it into actual 3D models with the mo-cap likenesses and stuff, it'd be very interesting to see something like that.
It's like, oh, hey, look, it's classic Mortal Kombat, but we can turn it in any direction, and it's 3D.
Oh, my God.
Some might pay for that.
Tigerclaw in our chatroom at chat.orange.com says, an Unreal web-based game is possible.
Look at Quake Live, for example.
Well, there's a good example.
Quake Live is a good time.
So, I'd like to see more stuff like that, certainly.
It would be very interesting.
It would also be interesting to see what MMOs, you know, that's another big thing that web browsers are used for, some of those like free MMOs, and although the quality of some of those is questionable, you know, this could take a lot of that to the next level.
It would be interesting to see what happens.
Dear Square Enix,
Final Fantasy XIV Last Revenant
No, I remember that because I think Alan bought it or he had it or played it or something.
I thought there was another... No!
Final Fantasy XIII uses Unreal.
Oh, really?
I think it does.
Yes.
You know what I miss?
That game of the Bouncer.
That was pretty cool.
What?
What are you talking about?
Remember the Square Enix game, The Bouncer?
I remember that game.
Their brawler.
I do... I remember a brawler called Ergeis, but I don't remember... Oh, Ergeis was awesome.
That's a game they need a sequel for right there.
The Bouncer was an early PS2 title.
Yeah, and it was actually pretty awesome.
Where they all looked like Final Fantasy X characters, except they worked in a bar.
As bouncers.
As bouncers.
It was a weird game.
Oh, it looks hot.
It looks very hot.
It's Final Fantasy, but I have no idea why it's 13.
I know it's set in the same universe or whatever, but I didn't see any of the characters.
Not really.
I thought it was supposed to be more of a real... Yeah, I don't know what the hell it has to do with 13, but whatever.
There'll probably be some obscure little thing when you actually play the game.
But dude, the action, the battles kind of look like Kingdom Hearts, but with the hit points showing up on the screen.
I mean, obviously it's done by the Kingdom Hearts team.
It looks sweet, actually.
We're going to do an awesome radio moment here and I'm going to pull up the trailer here in studio and I'll post this in chat so you guys can see this too.
For those of you that are on the podcast feed, I'll have DarkSakura posted to our Tumblr at orangeloungeradio.tumblr.com.
Are you not an IRC, DarkSakura?
I am an IRC.
Oh.
I meant, like, privately, so I can copy the URL.
Oh, oh, yeah, yeah, I will, I will.
As soon as I pull it up here, because I can't remember.
Is this it?
No, this isn't the right one.
Where did I see that trailer?
Somebody in chat will probably...
Hello, Tigerclaw.
Right?
Tigerclaw should have posted it by now.
Gameplay trailer.
Maybe it's this.
No, that's Eidos.
That's Deus Ex.
Who the hell posted this?
And I watched it the other day.
I think somebody had posted it on Facebook.
Oh, so in other news.
No, kidding.
I have made fantastic nut bread.
It was quite delicious.
It has no flour.
I made it with no flour.
It's made with almond meal.
Good luck trying to find anything on the new Facebook, by the way.
Your mission, if you choose to accept it, find something on Facebook.
There's a plug-in for Chrome that makes it run like the old version.
Yes.
The problem is I don't want to use Chrome.
But, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
That's right.
They did have The Last Remnant on PC.
Anyway, well, Rob's looking that up.
I found one, but it's not the right one.
They did like a flip of it.
I'm trying to see if I can find the... Holy crap.
I'm trying to see if I can find the actual gameplay parts.
Oh, wait, this was uploaded in, like, 2009.
This isn't even right.
Gosh, darn it.
Somebody's... I've got to... Tiger Claw, find it for us.
I will keep looking for it.
Sorry, guys.
Terrible radio, but I know I saw it.
All right.
Shoot, the next story's mine.
I can't look for it while I talk about this story.
So I'll get through this quickly, although maybe not, because this is actually pretty big news.
Microsoft has talked a little bit this week about some of the TV updates for the Xbox 360.
Now we knew after E3 that they were going to be doing this.
They were going to be bringing more television to the 360.
But we didn't really know how.
Well, it turns out they've announced some partnerships and some of those include HBO and HBO Go, Comcast, Syfy, and Verizon.
I guess there was like an earlier list that had leaked and it turns out a lot of that seems to be correct.
They did publish a full list of the partners that will be in the fall dashboard update.
Comcast went so far as to make a blog post talking about using the partnership with Microsoft to offer Xfinity content.
So it sounds like, and this is of direct relevance to me because I have Comcast at home living where I live.
It sounds like that you will be able to use the on-demand system in Comcast.
You can use that in the 360 now.
But see, that's the thing.
I was hoping it would be more original stuff and not necessarily just everything that's on demand.
Because if I want to watch on demand, I can hit one button on my remote and I get on demand content.
I don't need to necessarily... Unless you're able to take your console to a friend's house or something like that and then you can access all your on demand content that way.
I don't know.
I was just hoping for more original stuff.
Like an alternative than me having to have cable, you know what I mean?
And there's already a bajillion alternatives out there anyway.
So I mean, this is just adding to the pile.
So what I'm also curious of is that if they're announcing all these other partnerships, the weird thing is though, doesn't HBO want to charge you $10 for their service and then these other... Well, HBO I don't think you can access unless you have HBO.
It's kind of like how Xfinity and stuff.
You can't access HBO on demand stuff unless you have HBO.
I get it.
And isn't it the same with like the mobile app?
Like you can't access mobile CNN video unless you have like Comcast or something?
Yeah, see, so that's why I was just kind of like, eh, don't really care.
I mean, because...
Well, I gotta say, though, I do like the idea that, you know, because the HBO stuff isn't on Netflix and it's not really on demand either, I like that it'll kind of be all in one place.
Like, I get what you're saying with the one button on the remote, but, you know, if the Xbox 360 is gonna be this all-in-one entertainment device, it'd be nice to... If you can DVR stuff, that'd be pretty awesome, because then that way I don't have to pay for DVR.
I don't think that's gonna happen, but, you know...
Also, it looks like AT&T U-Verse is going to require Xbox Live Gold starting in November.
That was a note that was sent by the AT&T folks to their customers, which I'm assuming is lining it up with everything else here, right?
The TV service will actually require Xbox Live Gold.
All of them.
But before their boxes or whatever through AT&T U-Verse, because some of them still already have that, they do not require gold.
But they will now come November.
Yes.
That might make some people a little bit upset.
But not AT&T customers though.
Nope.
Because they're giving them a $60 credit.
Right.
So yes, they give a $60 credit to existing AT&T U-verse customers for Xbox 360 customers.
Now is that each year or just one year?
I think it's just one time probably.
That would make sense.
Yep.
I want Comcast to give me 60 buck credit.
Alright, so who found this?
Loki found this.
Did you find this with somebody's help in chat?
Nope, I searched Final Fantasy XIII versus sort by date.
Alright, well, good job.
Here's what the gameplay looks like in the game.
So you can kind of see there's some, like, little live-action things that happen.
But definitely the walking around still kind of looks XIII-ish, but there's, like, a lot of lifestyle.
Here's some battle.
What's he doing in New York?
Right?
It's kind of Kingdom Hearts-ish, but with that very Final Fantasy VII, er, VII slash XIII environment, you know what I mean?
The swirly bits look like XII.
Yeah, I can see that.
I can see a little bit of 12 here, too.
But I like this, too.
Did you notice those little pictures in the corner of the people are actually live rendering what the people are doing?
That's pretty cool.
Here, watch here.
See?
That's cool.
Yeah, it's awesome.
It's not just a static picture.
It's like what they're doing.
That's like that add-on I use in the manual.
It's like X-Pearl.
Yeah, it's X-Pearl.
Final Fantasy X-Pearl.
So there you go.
There's what your Final Fantasy looks like.
Is that Cloud?
I know, it looks just like Cloud, doesn't it?
It's Cloud with a gun.
Send me that and I'll put it on our Tumblr.
Our tumble bubble.
There it is for the chatters, because I know us watching trailers isn't always the best radio, but there you go.
Now you have a place you can go look it up if you haven't already seen it.
So, I guess let's move on with some other gaming news.
DarkSakura.
Complete with an ad by Queen Latifah.
Sorry, DarkSakura, I got to distract you from the trailer to do your next story.
Well, how about some Skyward Sword characters?
There's actually a few spoilers, and you'll hear it here first.
Link and Zelda are childhood friends and have a special bond.
There is a bully at Link's school named Groose, G-R-O-O-S-E.
And there is a person named Fi, who is the spirit.
Don't worry, Link, it gets better.
Spirit of the Goddess Sword, and there's Gaepora, G-A-E-P-O-R-A, or is it Gaepora?
Who is Zelda's father and the headmaster of Link's school.
So there's another place in the game called Farron Woods.
Ooh, and you start off the game in a place called Skyloft.
And you can go to Skyview Temple where Zelda was kidnapped and is being held.
Again.
Yay.
As far as attacks that are in there, there's holding down the A button makes Link run faster and gives him acrobatic abilities.
He can run up walls.
I guess like he's Spider-Man or some shit.
Or the fucking Prince of Persia.
He can grab onto cliffs, but that uses Link's stamina, but you can replenish his stamina over time.
There's a spin attack that gives you stamina, and when your stamina is depleted, you go slowly.
You become Old Man Link.
And that's all I'm going to talk about it.
Although, there is one interesting thing that's in there.
You can douse.
Link in High School Saved by the Triforce
but anyway yes Tiffany Amber Thiessen will be playing the part of Zelda but for dowsing basically you hold out the sword and point it in the direction of the target and it will flash so basically it's to lead you in the right direction it's kind of what Shadow of the Colossus did it first so Bugs Bunny did it back in the you know in the 40s Simpsons did it I'm done
I'm so excited!
I'm so excited!
I'm so scared!
You know I never watched that show for a reason.
That was the infamous caffeine pills episode.
Jesse was addicted to caffeine pills.
I understand, but I never watched that show because I can't watch a show with people acting stupid.
Seriously, that's why I don't watch Seinfeld.
But yet you went with us to watch Showgirls.
Because that's different.
They weren't being stupid to be funny.
It was funny without trying to be funny.
Let's travel around the world and check out what's going to be coming to a game store near you.
Saved by the Bell Collection on Blu-ray, maybe?
I don't know.
That's not a game.
Thank God.
That'd be terrible.
Anything Saved by the Bell the game would be terrible.
Dead Rising 2 Dead Rising 2
Forza Motorsports 4 coming out this week on Xbox 360, both the regular and limited edition as well.
Some other things you can look forward to, Power Up Heroes, that is kind of a superhero connect game that's coming out.
Red Dead Redemption Game of the Year Edition.
Definitely a good buy if you haven't picked it up yet.
Both the regular and Undead Nightmare stuff plus all the download content for $50.
That's on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Never come in the PC according to Rockstar Games.
Ace Combat Assault Horizon on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 this week Gunslingers on the Wii Aliens Infestation from the creators of Contra 4 that's on Nintendo DS this week Wipeout 2 based on the TV show on 3DS PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and the Wii and you can expect Kinect support there Mahjong Cubed for the 3DS because that's what we need is Mahjong games on there
Hulk Hogan's main event for Kinect on Xbox 360 this week.
The Hidden on the 3DS, kind of an augmented reality ghost hunting game.
Marvel's superhero squad, the Infinity Gauntlet on the 3DS this week, kind of a port of the old one.
as we've been talking a little bit about this game talking some of the tracks coming out and very surprisingly there's actually some really good tracks in here Dance Dance Revolution 2 for the Wii coming out game only and bundle and dirt cheap $29.99 for the game by itself bundles $50 and worth checking out if you're interested in some of the new arcade songs because they're in the game
And Sesame Street, Once Upon a Monster That's coming out on Xbox 360 from Double Fine Yay!
I have my pre-order in
GoVacation on the Nintendo Wii from Namco Jonah Luma Rugby Challenge on 360 1001 Touch Games on Nintendo DS Might and Magic Heroes
Rugby games.
They did that.
Yeah, it's weird.
The last rugby game that came out... People like rugby?
I understand that, but people don't like GameStop, and I don't want to go there to get my rugby game.
I mean, let's be real.
I'm not going to buy it.
505 did it with their last rugby game that came out at the beginning of September, and they made it inclusive of GameStop.
Yet nobody has explained to me what the fucking connection between GameStop and rugby is.
I have no clue.
No idea.
But 1,001 touch games for the DS, Might and Magic Heroes 6 on PC, and God, a game I hope tanks so goddamn bad, Skylanders Spyro's Adventure on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, 3DS, and PC may burn in hell.
And for the new listeners, why do you want this game to fail?
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
so that they can get on their top Hot 15 Toys list, which they did, and they have an exclusive pack over at Toys R Us, a three pack of their figures.
Yeah, because that Hot Games list, yeah, that's not manipulated at all to get people to buy shit.
Right.
So, hope it tanks.
So don't follow the Hot Games list.
Yes, don't follow it.
It's rigged.
It's not Spyro.
Okay, Spyro, it's not what it used to be.
It's just like us getting nominated for a podcast award.
Shenanigans.
It's just, it's really not worth it.
I mean, seriously, it's $70 to buy this game on a 3DS.
By the way, it's $70 for the 3DS.
Oh my god.
And $70 on every other platform except PC, which is $60.
Do you really want to spend $70 for a crappy Spyro game?
Will the little toys do my laundry?
Nope, they do nothing.
They do not move at all.
Alright.
I'm just saying.
This will be the next Tony Hawk ride game.
I mean, it's...
I will be surprised if this takes off.
Alright, we'll see what happens.
If that's it for your releases, then let's go to Japan and check out what's coming out in Japan.
On the Xbox 360 this week in Japan, Dead Rising 2 off the record, Forza Motorsport 4 gets its release in Japan, as well as Ace Combat, Assault Horizon, Call of Juarez, The Cartel, Halo Reach gets a price reduction in the Platinum Collection in Japan this week, and Connectimals gets a release.
Is this the one that has bears in it?
Plus bears, yeah.
Yeah, it's Connectimals
and Fushigi Nashima no Nakamatachi.
Yes, that's right.
Connectimals and bears.
By the way, when I was at Disneyland, I went in the Innovations Building.
They have a lot of Kinect stuff there in the Innovations Building.
You can play like Child of Eden and stuff, but they have a little room, and I thought this was neat.
They had a little room set up for like kids that had, and they were actually people working for Disney helping these kids play like Connectimals.
and they had it on a giant TV.
I'm talking like the size of like the wall in this house.
They had a giant TV playing Connectimals.
I gotta say, I thought it was pretty cute.
My friend Victoria played it for a little bit.
It was kind of fun.
It's nice to see some love in the Innovations building.
I thought it was closed.
It...
I think it kind of closes nobody.
It's been remodeled since the last time I was there.
And you don't enter the same way you used to.
There's no little show when you go in.
They figured that that was kind of dry.
I'd never been in there.
Yeah.
So now, well, we made it a point.
We said we each need to do something we've never done at Disneyland before.
And my friend Victoria had never been to the Innoventions building.
So I was like, well, we never go there.
Let's just go check it out.
So we went in.
And believe it or not, there's some neat stuff in there.
They still have some Microsoft Surfaces.
Remember those?
The tables?
Those were fun.
Yeah.
So what did you not do before Disneyland?
What did I not do before that we did?
I don't remember.
Did you go on the boat?
I like where we ate last time.
and New Orleans Square.
That was great.
Carnation what?
Carnation Plaza Gardens.
It's been there since like the 50s and it's where they used to do some live shows and events but now it's like hardly anybody's there and it's right in the middle of the park.
That's the other little restaurant that's like at the end of Main Street, isn't it?
There's no restaurant there anymore.
I mean, but it was a restaurant at the end of Main Street that's across from where the buffet is on the opposite side.
Right.
Yes, it is.
Okay.
Yeah.
So you can name something in Disneyland and I can pretty much figure out where it is.
Alright, moving on to... I want to make sure I caught everything on the 360.
Yes, I did.
So let me go on to the PlayStation 3, which this week will get Ace Combat, Assault Horizon, Dead Rising 2 off the record, as well as Call of Juarez, The Cartel, and Medal of Honor gets a price reduction going into the Best Hits series.
And that is, again, PlayStation 3 in Japan.
Trying to quickly look and see if there's anything on 3DS this week, or...
The Wii even Let's see, the 3DS Nope, not this week There's a game called Aizito 3D, that's it But the Misty Pink 3DS has come out next week And I know Loki already has his pre-ordered On the Wii though, Just Dance Wii gets a Japanese release this week I guess that's notable, especially for music game fans I don't know if the song list has been localized or what have you You know, I was going to mention something real quick Because I noticed this last night when I was checking to see Dead Rising 2 I didn't download content Right
Just Dance 3, for their download content, what they have is they have it where you can download trials.
So you can check out the songs before you buy them.
I think that's a great idea.
And I know they do that with Rock Band, but some other music games do not.
So yeah, Just Dance on the Wii makes its way to Japan this week.
And that's it for Japanese releases.
How about overseas, DarkSakura, the other way?
Dragon's Age 2, Mark of the Assassin, Just Dance 3, Guardian Heroes, Orcs Must Die, Ace Combat Assault Horizon, Dead Rising 2,
Forza Motorsport 4, Might and Magic Heroes 6, PES 2012, Renegade Ops, Sesame Street Once Upon a Monster, Spider-Man Edge of Time, and World Rally Championship 2.
Blech.
Alright, well, let's move on with a couple more news stories and then we'll let DarkSakura have at the classic game of the week.
By the way, I just gotta say, Part B tonight's gonna be action-packed.
Usually all the good stuff's in Part A, but there's some awesome stuff coming for Part B. So I'm just saying, for those of you that sometimes want to tune out halfway through, you want to stick around tonight.
So I'll tell you why in just a minute.
So they announced some cool stuff this week during the Apple press conference.
Of course, the new thing being the iPhone 4S.
Sorry, not iPhone 5.
But you know what?
It's just a name.
It's seriously just a name.
Everyone's like, man, I'm so bummed they didn't announce the iPhone 5.
Thanks for watching!
And quite frankly, I'm kind of glad they're not putting out the iPhone 5 now Because I'm still under contract on the 4 I'm not upgrade eligible until January So if there was like that awesome of a phone coming I would be kind of upset I get to upgrade next month Do you?
Yeah So you can get a 4S Yeah Do you think you'll get one?
Yeah.
Okay.
Although Dan's considering getting an Android.
Are you getting excited about Siri?
Siri, explain to me the meaning of life.
I really don't give a shit about Siri, but I'll try it.
Yeah.
So, I mean.
You can try it now.
I've read about the Siri pranking on the internet, like some good phrases that people have thought up to yell, like when your friend activates Siri, like things that you would yell.
Siri, text my mom that I'm gay.
Send.
You know, just prank things to send.
That's going to be a brand new era of damn you autocorrect.
Yes, yes, it will be.
Oh my gosh.
Michelle, Michelle, are you listening?
Michelle, you better get that thing registered right now.
Damn you, Siri.
Damn you, Siri.com.
All right.
Um, so anyways, the iPhone 4S is coming October 14th.
It adds a brand new processor, the A5 processor, which is apparently dual core.
Up to seven times the graphics capability and enhanced, you know...
Camera, more RAM, all sorts of new features.
Siri, of course, as you mentioned.
New antenna design, GSM and CDMA radios in the device.
It's going to be available in three different flavors, if you will.
16GB, 32GB, and 64GB, ranging from $199 to $399.
And, of course, in white or black colors.
and then of course they're dropping the iPhone 4 down to $99 for the 8GB model and the 3GS will apparently be free if you have a plan obviously and that would be the 8GB model as well.
Some other fun stuff, of course, iOS 5 is coming October 12th.
With that, they're going to be bringing iCloud and AirPlay to gaming, so you'll be able to play with multiple devices, streaming to TVs.
In fact, one of the first games to support that, Real Racing 2, will allow you to stream, I believe, up to four devices to your TV and do split-screen gaming with it being on your iPhone.
I had no idea that this was a feature in it.
Did they even talk about this at the press conference?
I think they did.
Holy moly.
I slept through it.
Well, I was reading live blogs, too.
I was at work, so I had to kind of just on my break look.
And it's like, you know, showing, was it, you can run it, of course, on your iPhone 4S or on your iPad 2 and stream wirelessly.
Because before they had it where you can link it up to your TV, but you had to hook up an HDMI cable and stuff, so...
And of course, along with that, since the phone can have a little bit more horsepower, Infinity Blade 2 is coming to... And since Apple is the king of handheld gaming, so they claim this week, which is... You know, the way they spin the numbers is interesting, and I don't doubt it at all, but it's interesting, I can say.
Infinity Blade 2 becoming the iOS December 1st of course it's going to look extra pretty on the 4S but it will be I believe compatible with other devices as well
of course why would you shut out your other exactly so yeah very interesting though well I want to go back to Siri for a minute because I forgot about this little commercial I'd seen on Facebook and so forth that was floating around the internet and then TigerCloud just linked it in chat and this does have to do with gaming a little bit this is a commercial for the new Siri feature on the iPhone 4S take a listen read me the message
New message from K. Bad news.
Combustible lemons failed.
Can you meet us at 10?
Reply?
Definitely.
I'll see you there.
Play my running mix.
Enjoy.
What's the traffic like around here?
The traffic will be slow and meaningless.
Just like your sad little life.
Text my wife I'm gonna be 30 minutes late.
She won't mind.
She doesn't really love you anyway.
Is it going to be chilly in San Francisco this weekend?
Not too cold.
Your few extra pounds should be suitable insulation to keep you warm.
What about Napa Valley?
I hear it's beautiful there.
Unlike you.
How many cups are in 12 ounces?
Let me think.
Do you really need to make those extra cupcakes?
Set my timer for 30 minutes?
Okay, 30 minutes and counting.
Until I enter sad attempt at a life.
New Notification from Sandy Chen Are we still on for dinner tonight?
Perhaps you should have a snack instead.
You're looking a little heavy.
Reply.
Sure, I'll be there.
Here's your reply to Sandy Chen.
Sure.
I will be there.
Me and my extra 20 pounds.
Sandy.
Yes, that's GLaDOS.
GLaDOS Siri is what they're calling that.
That is amazing.
Is that all clips from the game?
That's a voice modulator.
No, somebody actually... Actually, the YouTube guy says this.
By the way, that was YouTube user BAMFER23 that that came from.
And I guess he actually did a whole thing with the...
with a voice modulator awesome need to get this voice modulator yeah that was a well done parody I like that and I do think that commercial is interesting because I remember when Apple announced FaceTime it was a huge thing that they used deaf people in the commercial and it really kind of did make you think like wow that's a big advance for deaf folks but this one the Siri thing uses blind people to like be sending the text messages which is very very interesting I think it's very neat
you wouldn't know it from that parody commercial because all the jokes are about weight but I just thought that was neat definitely gets you thinking about some of these advances in technology anyhow let's move on with some more gaming news and this one has to do with the French a French court has banned a DS game copier prosecutors won an appeal this was two years after French courts actually ruled that DS flash cartridge sellers were okay
Well, the Paris Court of Appeals actually has now ruled against the DS Flash cartridge sellers.
These various companies that sell devices like the R4 device, which I think you all know what that is.
Nintendo, I guess, said that the companies have been charged 460,000 in criminal fines and 4.8 million in damages to Nintendo.
Yikes.
so hmm I guess Nintendo has been taking action on piracy all over the globe and they even have a site I love it there was a site with a very very angry looking Mario on it that discusses the piracy so I thought it was interesting so there you go it's a thing and you know what I wonder if there will be an appeal to the appeal that would be what would be next right it is the French Rob I mean please
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
All right, what is the classic game of the week, DarkSakura?
Mappy.
Mappy, good old Mappy.
Game that came out in 1983 when I was 10 years old.
I love the music in this game.
Isn't it happy?
A little too happy, I think.
Well, anyway, it was put out by Namco.
In the U.S., it was manufactured and distributed by Bally Midway.
It is a side-scrolling platformer that has a police mouse and some cats.
And Mappy, basically, the game runs on Namco's Super Pac-Man hardware.
And they modified it to have the horizontal scrolling.
And it comes from, well, at least according to the article, it says that it's derived from the term mappo, which is a slightly insulting name for a policeman.
So anyway, basically you run through a mansion with all these cats called mewkies, or in the US they were called meowkies, and you rescue stolen goods.
You go left and right, and you can jump on these trampolines that will bounce you to different floors, and you have one button that lets you open and close doors.
So you can get a radio for 100 points, a television for 200, a computer for 300, the Mona Lisa for 400, and a safe for 500.
But they come in pairs.
Wait, how many copies of the Mona Lisa exist?
I have no friggin' clue.
Not in Mappyland.
Uh, which is another game.
Ha ha, I have it.
Um...
There was a Mappyland, huh?
I forgot about that.
There was, and it's sitting in my room, in the vault.
So at any rate, if you get one item and then get its pair, you actually get a score multiplier.
So the more of those that you get without dying, the bigger the multiplier gets.
So you want to start off at the lowest and go to the highest, so you can actually get 8,500 points.
And...
Because they're fun!
Mappy and the cats can only land on a floor on the way up, not on the way down.
But if they pass in the air, the cats won't hurt Mappy.
But if they run into him when he's on a platform, then he will lose a life.
And the trampolines can break if you jump on them four times in a row.
They'll change colors.
Um...
So basically as you go through the game, there is a boss in the game called Niamco, which is basically a play on the word Namco and Nyanco, which is like kitten, kitty cat.
But in the US he was named Goro, and he's faster, but a little less aggressive.
and so you can uh he'll actually hide behind different objects so if you go over the object that he's hiding behind you get um a thousand points for having caught him so it's kind of cool um you've got different hallways like I said you can open and shut doors keep the mukees out and you have microwave doors which release sound waves that will sweep the kitty cats away
Did you say microwave doors?
Yeah, microwave doors.
Did they make popcorn?
See, I always wish that they were, like, I always considered them to be, like, sound waves.
Which makes more sense to me, but apparently they're microwaves, so, yeah, go big.
So, um, basically after every bonus round, you did get bonus rounds, um, after, um, the, every fourth level, so it's a bonus round.
And so that's basically you running around on trampolines, popping different balloons, and Nyamco is hidden somewhere in there.
And after the bonus run, you get a new feature in the gameplay.
After the first one, you get Addicts.
Although there's nothing in them.
You get, after the seventh bonus level, you get bells.
So you can get bells that freeze the cats.
300 points for each.
And 1,000 points for studying Nyamco.
Uh, you also get hurry signs, you know, that tell you to speed the fuck up.
You get rainbow floors after the 11th, which, um, basically, they're mini floors, they vanish, and they leave a hole in the hallway.
Sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt.
If you guys are doing any excess downloading, kill it, because we're having buffering problems.
The live listeners are... Yeah, I'm not doing anything.
I'm not downloading anything.
Eh, it's out of my control then.
Yeah, our upload will upload and then kind of freeze on a number for a minute and then keep going, and it's causing the listeners to be all like, what's going on, right?
Alright, well, I closed a few things, so maybe that'll help.
But anyway, you just get all these different bonuses, including the rainbow floors and dead ends.
There are 256 rounds, just like in Pac-Man, and the last one is normal but harder than usual.
And if you finish it, it's also known as round zero, the first round starts over again.
It came out in the Famicom and the NES, of course, and the MSX in 1984.
There was a video game console-only version that was called Mappyland, which we've discussed.
It came out in 1986.
Um, it was also released for Microsoft Revenge of the Arcade for PC in 1998.
And then there were Japanese-only sequels that were hopping Mappy that came out in the arcade, and Mappy Kids for the Famicom in the late 1980s.
There's Mappy Arrangement that came out in the Namco Classics Volume 1, which I've got...
The Famicom version of the original Mappy was re-released in Japan as part of the Famicom miniseries in 2004.
Mappy is included on the Ms.
Pac-Man collection, and it's also featured in the Namco Museum 50th Anniversary collection that came out on Xbox, Nintendo GameCube, PC, and PlayStation 2, but not on the GBA.
and the Namco Museum DS.
It was also a part of Pac-Man's arcade party and it's playable on PSP version of the Namco Museum Battle Collection and there's a version of it for the Palm OS.
There's also one for .S and it's also on virtual console.
As far as other references, now this I think is kind of cool.
Some people have caught that.
Mappy is a playable character in Namco Super Wars on The Wonderspun Color.
You can get a Mappy hat in Namco Across Capcom in Ridge Racer.
There's the RT Blue Mappy team and the RT Pink Mappy team.
Mappy is playable in Pac-Man World Rally on PSP.
In R4, there again is racing teams that are the Mappy teams.
Mappy is in Quick Spot, which is in the North American version.
Mappy Land is the theme in Donkey Konga 3 and Technic Beat.
And Mappy is also in Noby Noby Boy as a resident of Jupiter.
Why Jupiter?
No freaking clue.
And that's it.
That's Mappy.
Alright, there it is.
Your classic game of the week is Mappy.
Alright, and it's available of course in the arcades primarily, but also on a hell of a lot of retro collections that DarkSakura listed off there earlier.
All right, well, we're going to take a quick break.
When we come back, there is more of Orange Launch Radio.
There's going to be an action-packed Part B tonight, and we're going to have a brand-new XBLA game announced.
I'm sorry, not Xbox Live Arcade, but the other one, XLA, XNA.
I can never remember what the hell they're called.
Indie Games.
Thank you.
We're going to have a brand-new one announced here on the show, and it's...
I've been briefed before the show.
DarkSakura and Loki have no clue.
I'm making it a surprise for them.
But it's going to be awesome.
So we're going to talk to the developer about that when we come back in part B with more of Orange Lounge Radio with rapid fire news and more news and all that good stuff.
So stay tuned.
Don't go anywhere.
DarkSakura not doing her job
I was doing your job.
What are you talking about, girl?
And then the FUs of the week.
And, of course, your phone calls, Skype.
Did you guys do Skype calls, at least?
Yes.
All three of them.
All right.
Anyhow.
DarkSakura is kind enough to kitty sit for our cats, Maruko and Sanrio.
Now that they love me.
And I always promise presents for kitty sitting.
So I'm giving that to her.
This is because Salacious Pop wanted to hear your reaction.
Woo!
I love you guys forever.
Okay, since that's terrible radio because you can't see, it's a Duffy hat is what I got her.
It's a Mickey hat, but it's in Duffy.
So that's from Alan and myself.
What's Duffy?
Duffy is... She just pointed at her hat.
Duffy is the Disney bear.
Dan calls him the focused interest group bear.
Now, did the other thing... There's another thing.
It's really small.
Did it fall out?
No, it's still in the hat then.
Where did... Oh, I see what he did with it.
Yes, it's right there.
So she's screaming not into a microphone, but it's a Duffy pin that she doesn't have.
So there you go.
Yep, that's from Alan and I. Oh, you're going to put a picture and put it on OrangeLivesRadio.com?
Damn right.
All right, she's putting that up right now on OrangeLivesRadio.com.
Duffy is the Disney bear and he's kind of like Build-A-Bear because he has all these different outfits and so forth, but you don't actually build him.
He's already kind of prearranged.
And I like the fur.
The fur is really kind of a neat texture.
But he's really big in Disney Tokyo.
I don't know why, but they love him there.
Because they like everything new and focus group oriented.
I mean, hi.
So there you go.
I love Duffy so much.
And I can't wait until we get Shelly Mae.
Shelly Mae is like Duffy's little girlfriend and she's cute too aww alright well there you go that's a thank you from us for watching the cats and I suppose a little bit taking over you know the administration of the show alright let's move on I'm wearing my ears all night we're going to do some rapid fire news so Loki why don't you start us off
Alright, well there's a new project headed up by Kenji Inafune and it's revealed as a game called King of Pirates and that's coming to the 3DS in 2012.
Now, not too much has been announced by it, but it's a pirate action game that takes place on a giant ocean.
It looks very similar to maybe like a Zelda type game or something like that.
and it is I guess published by Marvelous AQL the makers of the Harvest Moon series and right now it's only slated for Japan but who knows maybe it'll eventually come out over here in North America so that's pretty cool let's see he's actually working on something other than you know nothing since he got canned from Capcom or he left Capcom whatever
LA Noire, the team behind it, Team Bondi, is shutting down.
I can see why, because that game I think was delayed and delayed and delayed and delayed and delayed some more.
But apparently, though... How's that... Oops.
And that would be the delay music that you heard there.
How's that different from any other freaking video game out there?
It's like years.
I mean...
I don't know.
But anyways, apparently, though, they're saying that L.A.
Noire was, you know, a big hit, obviously.
However, though, because it was in development for seven years, it took its toll on the staff in the company.
Because of that, they are just kind of dissolving.
That is a long damn time for a game to be in development.
Yeah, the studio entered administration in August, and its assets are being sold to an Australian production company.
Kennedy Miller Mitchell so yeah it is being closed
and then finally this is kind of cool Battlefield 3 is going to ship on multiple discs on Xbox 360 and they have one disc is dedicated for the single player and then the second disc is multiplayer but also on that second disc is something else it is an optional install that you can do that will give you high res it will be a higher resolution texture pack so it will make the game look prettier if you want to install it to your hard drive
Oh, that's kind of neat, actually.
I think that's kind of cool.
That's really smart.
So maybe that'll make things look a little bit better.
I'm assuming it'll probably be pretty much the same as PlayStation 3, since obviously blue-gray discs have a lot more storage space, but that is kind of cool.
VVVVVV on the 3DS VVVVVV on the 3DS
and it will have some 3D effects now you have to remember VVVVVV is based off of a it's not based off of but it's highly inspired by a Commodore 64 game so that's the style of the graphics so I'm very curious what exactly they're going to 3D ties with this I'm assuming the sprites are in front textures in back I don't know so we'll see what they do with the 3D effects on this also the way they will utilize the double screen is that the bottom touch screen will always show the map
and the top screen will show the game that you're used to.
How do you think that'll look on a 3DS?
I think it'll be cool, but I'm worried though because being that the game is very frustrating and you may want to throw your controller, throwing a 3DS is probably not recommended.
Not a good idea.
They need to put a little attachment on a 3DS that's like a stress squeeze ball.
Something you can squeeze when you get really pissed off.
Also, information about Mario Kart 7, which is exciting, coming out on the 3DS soon Mario Kart 7, the Donkey Kong Returns folks, that's right, Retro Studios Apparently actually helped develop the Donkey Kong Returns themed level in the game, which I think is really cool
so that's some of the stuff they helped with on the game I can see a little bit of the track in here and it looks pretty cool I do like the whole Mario has a different variety of cars and the hang gliders and all that although Loki's not as much of a fan I think it would be kind of cool and I noticed in this one Donkey Kong is riding this giant tractor looking thing which looks funny
DarkSakra How did that happen?
Disney Trademarks Castle of Illusion, which was an old Genesis game.
But it was Castle of Illusion starring Mickey Mouse.
And it is targeted at the video game software.
So maybe they're going to re-release it.
Who knows?
Maybe we get it on a virtual console.
Also, Rock Band.
There is going to be a Facebook milestone celebration with Stevie Wonder.
Ooh.
It's actually since their Facebook page topped 2 million likes, Harmonix is letting the news out and saying the Rock Band 3's DLC is going to be going into... Let's see, we have Stevie Wonder, Coldplay, Breaking Benjamin, and Dream Theater, which having some Dream Theater on there, that's pretty awesome.
Because I know five people who know who Dream Theater is, so that's pretty cool.
And last but never least...
Steven Spielberg and DreamWorks are backing a Halo movie to come out in 2012.
That is false.
And let me finish.
Thank you for getting in on my damn story.
It was stated to Microsoft denied that it was in development.
They go on record saying that it is inaccurate and they have no plan for Halo feature right now.
Their focus is developing Halo Anniversary and Halo 4.
We all know it's going to happen eventually though.
Well, I mean... Someday!
It'll be terrible.
But then again, you know, I've talked a lot about the WoW movie before, and the World of Warcraft movie, I don't think that's ever going to happen at this point.
I think they missed their chance a couple years ago.
Thank God, because that sounds like a terrible idea.
Well, it could have been good, but it probably wouldn't have been.
No.
We all know it wouldn't have been.
It would have been terrible.
Hello, 000-123456?
What?
What?
That's what it says on the caller ID.
Well, Skype is really funny when it does that.
It shows funny things show up on the caller ID.
So, YYR, how are you doing, sir?
I think I'll be better once I have time to get some sleep.
But I am kind of excited for New York Comic Con later this week.
And I'm just...
Doing what I can to get done what I need to do on the two games I'm showing.
You know, so that...
I don't look like complete crap when I'm there.
So, yeah, you've been doing a lot of these conventions and I bet that's been a really good kind of exposure and help for you because, you know, I know you were at PAX East a while ago and I think you did it again.
I've gone to PAX East twice now.
Yeah, and now you've got the Comic Con coming up.
It's pretty exciting.
It is, and I'll tell you honestly, I haven't gotten a single major gaming site to cover me yet and I'm hoping maybe it'll be different this time, but to be completely honest, I think the major reason I'm doing it is just to
and so on.
Just seeing that is enough for me, to be honest.
Yeah, pretty much.
Well, the first one is the latest available build of Snake 361.
All right.
Obviously the sequel to Snake 360.
And there's a lot of stuff, a lot of stuff that's going to be in the new one.
I mean, levels that grow in the campaign, because I got criticized about, well, you know, Snake is a game about avoiding yourself.
And, well, as soon as you get long enough where it's a challenge, the level's done, and then you start over.
So in this game, you know, the campaign has levels that grow as you do.
and then you're challenged to continue going at the length that you're at through a two, three, four, or even more part level.
So that's one thing.
And then there are other things like survival mode.
There's still the traditional one, but then there's a three and five minute score rush where you're going to have to take more risks because you only have that much time.
And then there's something that's really unique and really fun called dual survival.
And the way that works is every time you take a target, you turn around.
You reverse direction.
Oh, God.
So you always have to be keeping track of where your head and your tail are.
It's a lot of fun, and it's a really, really great challenge.
I love how you've kind of taken the concept of Snake from the old school cell phones and just turned it into this just complex game in a way.
It's not complex, but you've given it so many more dimensions.
You should see the battle mode now.
There's even more modifiers.
I'm going to have seven modifiers now.
are available at Comic-Con, and you can turn them all on if you want.
It's just like everything from dead players remaining on the field when you die to, again, reversing direction every time you take a target to the level continuously shrinking.
It's just got a lot of stuff in there.
But one of the new things I'm premiering at Comic-Con is something called the Challenge Mode.
Eventually there are going to be a hundred different challenges, but at Comic-Con there are just ten.
And it's just, you know, a scenario.
Okay, you're here, you're in this level, you have to do this, you have this much time, you have this many movements, here are the restrictions, okay, go.
And I'm also going to have a contest.
If there's anybody who can clear the four hardest challenges that I bring with me in five attempts, they can win a year of live.
But to be completely honest...
I don't think anyone's going to be able to do it.
Ooh, you're throwing down the gauntlet.
All right.
Nice.
I mean, if someone thinks they can come prove me wrong, then they're quite welcome.
Nice.
By the way, YYR is live with us.
This isn't a prerecorded thing, so if you have questions in our chat room, go ahead and ask them, chat.orangelongeradio.com.
I know you're really excited about Snake 361, and so are we.
It's looking to be a great game, but I got to tell you, I want to talk about project number two.
Okay.
Well, you know what, the seeds for Project No.
2 were planted a long time ago.
If you can recall, shortly after Sneak360 came out, and I talked about it right here on OLR, one of the weeks immediately after that, you guys were throwing around some ideas, and it's funny, I don't have the chat log, but I do distinctly remember that someone was like, hey, YYR, get on that.
And at the time, I didn't.
But I was just thinking about it, and sometime this summer I said, you know what?
I think I'm going to get on it.
So I threw together a trailer last night that kind of brings back something about... Basically, I have your discussion in there, and...
Yeah, really the trailer speaks for itself.
It speaks better than I ever could.
Why don't we take it away then?
I'm going to play this here in studio, the trailer, and I think you're going to link it for our chatters if they want to see it.
I thought originally this was YouTube, but it's not, so we'll figure out a way to get it on Tumblr for the podcast.
I'll tell you something, it's a direct link to an MP4 download on my site.
To be honest...
Most people, when they click on it, either it'll just play or they'll be able to download it to their desktop.
There'll be a very, very, very brief delay while it downloads because it's not very big, and then it'll play.
For most people, and of course MP4 is a format that pretty much everybody can play.
Most phones even should be able to handle it Alright, we'll get it on the Tumblr And I'm sure people can figure it out We got smart listeners So here it is The world premiere of the secret project That YYR has been working on That apparently we have had a hand in unknowingly So here we go Let's start off here Of course now I just have to wait for the buffering I just put the link in chat I just have to wait for the buffering now I should have loaded this in advance Yeah, Rob Shame on me
Good job.
You live, you learn.
This would have been a great time to talk about more.
Are you doing any other live appearances this year besides New York Comic Con?
Next after this is going to be MAGFest in January.
All right.
Which is in the D.C.
area.
And it's just one big orgasm of gaming and music and gaming-related music.
And it's just amazing.
Hold on.
It loaded.
It loaded.
We've got to play it.
I've never seen so many video games in a room before.
It loaded.
Here we go.
All right.
on the DS.
Ferret!
Return the ferret, I command thee.
I need to put it like on a bungee cord.
You do need to put it on a bungee cord so every time you throw it, you can yank it back.
It's a bungee ferret.
Not that I should be encouraging you to do this.
Wait, you know what they need to do?
Wait, since we've been talking community games and all this stuff and all this good Xbox Live thing, shouldn't they have a game called Bungee Ferret Tossing?
It could be like Orange Lounge Radio presents Bungee Ferret Tossing.
Add this to the list of Orange Lounge Radio dream games.
Or...
No, add this to the list of Orange Launch Radio reality games.
We need to tell Becky about the dream games.
We need to learn how to program or something.
We have a series of games that we're developing.
DarkSakura, you're in school.
Take a class on programming.
Our ferret engineers have created time ferrets with a two-second fuse.
This is great.
and you've got a guy dangling from a helicopter and he is throwing ferrets that explode that explode in bloody messes on the unsuspecting people below who are shooting at you who are shooting missiles at you while you fly around it is bungee ferret tossing inspired by OLR for better or worse it will be playable at New York Comic Con coming to Xbox 360 later this year from I guess a new division that you're working with MRG
Yeah, well, it's, you know what, I came up with an alternate name, MRG, Mostly Random Games, and, because basically, like, my label, YYR Games, has always been about just straight-up serious arcade-style games, and, well, this is anything but serious, so, I wanted to just separate it slightly.
I understand, I understand.
I'm having so much fun with this.
And everyone who's tried it so far really loves the concept.
And to be completely honest, the graphics, as with my other games, they're nothing special.
And I'm considering having a lot of them redrawn by someone a little more professional than me.
But everyone who's tried it so far, they really like the way it plays.
Because basically the thing is, you're fighting terrorism, as we all should be doing.
Of course the terrorists have to fight terrorism.
I want to make you a flyer.
He's got New York Comic Con coming up Friday, you should.
I actually have something in the printer, and by the way, there's a big red box on it that says, you know, the concept of bungee-throwing is a joke, never throw an animal in real life.
That's good, you don't want PETA on your ass.
Unless you throw Shermie, who'll just land with a splat.
She's too heavy to throw.
Although, to be completely honest, I wouldn't be 100% sad if PETA was on my ass because they say any publicity is good publicity, right?
That's true.
So what are you controlling in the game?
Are you controlling the helicopter?
Well, this is a great example, I think, of a game that would not be possible in its current form on a smartphone or on something that doesn't have, you know, thumbsticks and buttons.
This is going to be, I think, a great, you know...
Peace of Ammo in the War on, you know, oh, well, cell phones can do everything.
Smart phones can do all kinds of games.
Because basically, the way this game works is using the left thumbstick, you control the helicopter's movement, and using the right thumbstick, you can control the guy, you know, the dude, I call him,
Hang on the end of the helicopter.
If you push the right stick up and down, you can control the chord length.
Doesn't Dude need a name?
And if you push left and right, you can swing.
Wait, we need to give Dude a name.
Like, the hero needs a name.
Fernando.
Fernando, sure, okay.
Fernando, like the ABBA song?
Yeah.
Can you hear the drums, Fernando?
His name is Fernando ABBA.
I guess we named your guy Fernando.
Yes, I'm writing it down.
I have SSJ100 Matt here with me, actually.
He's a little surprised that I'm writing it down, but you know what?
I'm going to forget it.
How could you forget an ABBA song?
I'm just kidding.
Well, I got so much stuff.
I started the day with no music and sound effects in the game.
Now they're all done and I have to put them in.
It's been busy.
So anyway, Fernando here, he's fighting terrorists.
We discover the location of their base in the desert.
but the thing is they have advanced stealth radar detection technology so we can't send in the army.
So instead we send in one stealth helicopter and Fernando, who is armed with the latest in ferret weapons technology.
Now you know how they have in movies, they have like, oh let's show the schematics.
And you get this screen with like a green grid and on top there's some kind of wireframe image of some, you know, complicated technology.
In the opening sequence, when it's eventually done, you're going to see that, except it's just going to be ferret dynamite.
That is amazing.
That's the ferret weapons technology.
And then at the end of the game, you realize that the terrorists have somehow reverse-engineered the ferret weapons technology in their attempt to use it on you.
So that's an exciting little thing waiting for you at the end of the game.
Although there may be, depending on time, an alternate boss at the end of hard mode that actually Matt here came up with, and it's just as ridiculous as the game concept itself, and hopefully I can get that in there so you all can laugh at it.
Well, I gotta say, I am just like... Is it Shermie's fat butt?
On behalf of all of us, I'm just like, I'm like... I'm tickled.
Seriously.
Yeah, I think tickled is the right word.
Like, just tickled that one of our dream game ideas is fucking happening!
I know!
And it's all you, buddy.
We're not going to sue you over using our ID or whatever.
We say you earned the money, so keep it.
We're not going to chase after you.
We know you're going to plug us somewhere, and it's all good.
I want to share it with Dynamite.
It's going to be your biggest game yet.
So far, I haven't really seen a whole lot of money from the dollar games I put out, but if I do see any volume of money, at the very least, I'll make a trip out there, and I'll buy you guys a beer.
Yes!
Now hold on.
I love beer.
We only drink hard liquor.
At least I... I drink good beer.
I haven't drank in six months.
I'll buy Jamie a beer.
I'll get you something harder.
Rob would like a root beer float.
Virgin pina colada.
Loki would like ten shots of tequila.
The trailer is out there.
We're going to post the link to our Tumblr as well.
Our chatters are just do want OMG XD.
I'd buy that for a dollar.
Have you determined the price yet?
it will be a dollar a dollar okay so like seriously guys it's a whole dollar and you always have those leftover points anyway for when you buy the big points and buy rock band songs I have a dollar left over actually alright I can pay a dollar for Bungie Ferrets so I am legit excited any idea on a release time frame or too soon to tell you're just kind of demoing it right now I am going to be rushing my butt off to have it out by the end of the year beyond that
I don't have an absolute clue.
However, you can know for certain that I will be here letting you know when that is.
Absolutely.
Because I feel like, you know, OLR and this game are kind of tied together.
We're tickled.
If you listen to OLR, you will know first when it's coming out.
All right.
Oh, I like that.
Awesome.
We will take you up on that deal, and we will absolutely be following up with you in future weeks.
Best of luck on programming with the project and all the tireless nights you put in.
Have a kick-ass time in New York Comic Con.
I wish I was going to be there, but I won't, sadly, because I didn't know there was going to be a bunch of fair tossing in there.
It's going to be at New York Comic Con, definitely.
Stop by and give it a shot and tell me what you think, and give me all your feedback, good, bad, ugly, whatever.
awesome YYR thanks again for coming on the show tonight and we'll be talking to you again soon
Thank you so much for having me.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
All right.
Thank you.
Take care.
Bye-bye.
YYR and his games.
He's the guy behind such games like Snake 360 and now Snake 361, Falling, and now Bungie Ferret Tossing is going to be awesome.
Looking forward to that.
All right.
What did you guys think?
Isn't that great?
That's the most awesome thing ever.
Loki was convinced it was going to be Grandma's Got Guns.
I was hoping.
Maybe, but here's the thing.
If this game does really well, imagine if it's on the top of the sales board.
I think we have a responsibility to get the word out and make sure that this does top the sales charts.
Then what's going to happen is people are going to be like, wow, this game's going good.
Wow, those people at OLR are full of really good ideas.
We need to start adapting some of their other games.
We're going to have puzzle sluts.
We're going to have...
BlowShitUp, they're all on the wiki that's out there and a lot of times inspired by you guys in chat.
So somebody's updated our wiki to let them know that we've actually got a reality.
We've now had a text-based game.
We did.
It's not the first OLR-inspired game, but this is going to be the first one that you can play on a console.
What's that?
It's going to be awesome.
And it's the first one from our dream list.
It is the first one from our dream list.
So somebody does need to put patent pending YYR on that.
Yeah.
Because he has programmed it and we have said we will not sue him, right?
We're not going to sue him over that.
We think it's great that he's running with it.
Awesome.
You know, since you were mentioning games and making stuff, I thought it was kind of cool.
I actually checked out there is this 
I happen... There was a link or an article or whatever they got.
It didn't make our show roll.
It's about the new Milo Pony thing.
There's a fighting game that someone's making.
Oh, yeah.
I heard about this.
Okay.
Okay.
Well, they're using the old... It's a 2D fighter maker, I guess.
By the same people that did RPG Maker.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Android and iOS support, so you'll be able to publish your own games, your own iPod games without any programming knowledge.
Wow.
Wouldn't that be fun?
Oh, boy.
Loki's eyes are lighting up.
All right.
Awesome.
All right.
Well, we'll keep you guys posted on that.
I just, man, I just, this show going into its 10th year next year, it's like now we have, we've won a podcast award, you know, even though it was some time ago, we've got nominated again.
We've had a PC game, a text-based adventure written on us.
And now we have like an actual like console graphical thing, like a
for lack of a better term, a legit thing you're going to be able to buy on your console that's inspired by our show.
It's just amazing.
It's like the ultimate compliment.
For real.
So excited.
Well, I don't know how we follow this with more gaming news, but that's what we're going to do.
So Loki, good luck.
All right, I'll try to make it significant.
So there's an interesting patent that Microsoft is working or has right now that points to possible Kinect-based parental controls.
And what it's going to do is it's actually going to look at your proportion, tracking your body skeleton, that kind of stuff, to figure out what age you were probably.
It's going to take a best guess, I guess.
Okay.
um neat idea i guess but i see a ton of flaws with this one uh couldn't a child simply unplug the connect and boom problem solved no need for uh parental controls whatsoever and the only way this would really work is if it's actually physically built into the console um and then the other thing is what about the short people or you know
Midgets, if you will.
What about them?
That's not good.
I don't know.
I just don't think anything's going to happen with this, but it's a neat concept, I guess.
And once again, it really comes down to are parents going to set up these parental controls in the first place?
Probably not.
That's true.
It's probably going to be more complex to set up.
But this discriminates against midgets because it's going to scan a little person and it's going to think it's a child and say, no porn for you.
That is sad.
I mean, this is one of those things that's like, I guess it's an interesting idea, but at the end of the day, it's also kind of dumb because you know what parental control you should have in your house at all times?
A parent!
It is a parent, isn't it?
Yes, it is very apparent that you should have a parent.
Ha!
Unless you were me as a child.
Alright, moving on.
I don't want to move on.
I don't have to move on.
Why do we always have to... Fine!
How about Minecraft shit?
We're just going to stop.
How's that sound?
We'll just stop.
No, we're not ready for Minecraft shit, are we?
Yes.
No, we're not.
We haven't even done Mailbag yet.
Oh, damn.
Look at you.
Look at you trying to cheat.
Hey, a reminder.
Did you see the ad for the show where every gamer has a voice?
Yeah, well...
Well, a voice.
There's no voices in a mailbag.
It's text.
You gotta leave a message if you want a voice.
I think this is a little bit too late, I think.
But I don't know.
I want to share this anyway.
But, okay, you guys heard about the whole thing where Sony and EA, they updated their terms of service so that you can't take them to a class action lawsuit anymore.
And the only way you could get out of the class action lawsuit was to send a letter.
Well, there's a website that was created called Gamers Opt Out which was basically a site that you could fill in information online and they would send it in for you.
Interesting.
So, hmm.
And I guess there was some concern at first that a legal person had registered this website, but it turned out after some investigation it's not.
It's some dude up in Michigan who's just really mad about this, like a lot of people are, really.
And it's a pretty interesting concept.
The only bummer is that Sony term of service thing happened already like six weeks ago at this point, wasn't it?
Hold on.
Yes, it happened, but that is only if you've agreed to it.
And you can only agree to it if you've updated your system.
If you haven't updated your system, you haven't made any sort of agreement yet.
I would just assume that most people have done that by now.
But I guess if you haven't, for whatever reason, then you could still use this.
Like I haven't because I haven't played my PlayStation 3 online for ever.
I think it's a neat concept.
Hey, if somebody's going to do the work for me, I'm all for it.
But at the end of the day, why does Sony get to set all the rules in regards to what you can and can't do legally?
Yes, I know there's a Supreme Court precedent and all that stuff, but I don't know.
It just kind of seems wrong.
But at the same time, what do class action lawsuits really accomplish either?
Like everybody gets a coupon or everybody gets like 50 cents.
Usually class action lawsuits don't end with much of anything.
So, that's why I'm not as mad about it, but it does kind of... It's more of a principle, I think, at the end of the day.
Yeah, and when does, you know, really, how often do you or I actually file a lawsuit against a company?
I mean...
Right.
Never.
Right.
Well, sometimes you jump in on class action lawsuits, though.
Well, yeah, but that's because you don't really have to do anything.
You're like, eh, what's the worst that's going to happen?
I'm not going to lose any money, so might as well, you know, see if I get something.
But I think that's really the only reason people jump in on this stuff.
But, I mean, I would think if Sony did something to piss me off, unless they just, you know, sold my house underneath me and, you know, took all my assets or something like that for some sort of weird clause or something that they had.
I can't see myself really suing them.
I'd just be like, well, I'm just not going to buy your next console or game or whatever, you know, that you have.
All right.
Well, we're going to move on to DarkSakura's favorite part of the show.
Let me get her properly riled up for the mailbag.
You got to see this, this picture, DarkSakura.
Miklatov, so you know who to blame.
He sent this to me from Facebook and it was labeled girls version of an Xbox.
You ready?
Yeah.
It's a picture of an oven.
She has her finger up.
I only forgive him because he introduced me to that band that I like now.
You mad?
There actually is, I never knew this, on Facebook, there actually is a page called The Girl Version of an Xbox.
That's redonk.
So, email.
First email.
Hold on.
We need your theme music.
Now that I have her properly riled up to read your emails at mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com Men suck.
It's totally sexist.
I'm sorry.
It's wrong.
But really funny.
Rob.
Rob.
What?
What?
Go play your Xbox in the kitchen
Not only is the battle system fun and has really awesome summons that are actually useful, unlike Final Fantasy XIII, but the game has an emotional musical score and a storyline with compelling character cast.
I don't understand why people complain about the voice of Titus, or even the character itself.
For one thing, I love hearing his narrations and thoughts on how you go through the story, which reminds me of Kion in the Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya.
Kind of.
and for people who have a problem with the character itself he's just being realistic people he asks a lot of questions and gets emotionally stressed because one, he's in a world unknown to him and two, the other characters do keep a lot from him until later in the story and when something as important as a loved one's self-sacrifice it can take quite a toll on someone give Squaresoft a break for having a character we can somewhat relate to geez and this one's directed to me
And Jamie, I completely agree with you on Final Fantasy X too.
The game is just loads of fun and the dress spheres make it really interesting.
In all honesty, if you were a person who loved Final Fantasy Tactics with the different classes and Final Fantasy VII Active Time Battle System, then there is no reason you shouldn't have fun with this game unless you hate Charlie's Angels with all of your being.
Also, A Thousand Words is one of my favorite Final Fantasy songs.
One more note about the Final Fantasy X vs. VII remake argument that people keep on having.
Let's look at it this way.
Final Fantasy VII got a prequel, a cell phone game, a shooter, an anime, a movie, and a special edition of the movie with more scenes.
Final Fantasy X got a sequel, and that's it.
Let's spread the love around, people.
Thanks for reading, Osfer.
P.S.
Rob, did you ever finish Final Fantasy XIII?
No, I'm like in the last chapter and I never finished it because I suck.
I keep thinking about doing that too.
I really want to play XIII too, so I think I need to finish.
But at least I know I have until what, like January or February?
You want to hear something funny since I'm going to derail the show right now?
Sure.
I'm going to read a book.
What?
Yeah.
You're like me, we never read books.
What, you can read?
Anyways, that was my middle finger going up.
Wow!
So in the last five minutes, DarkSakura's finger went up, Loki's finger went up.
Now everybody in chatroom, guess, when's my finger gonna go up?
Right now.
No, it's completely appropriate.
It's Ready Player One.
It's basically kind of... The way I've... I think the story is like... It's very much like Charlie and the Chocolate Factory meets a bunch of 80s references and a bunch of sci-fi video game references.
Basically, this guy has this...
Kind of think of it like Second Life, this giant universe cyberspace that people go to and he's going to die, but he's leaving it for the person that finds this key in the thing.
And so this kid from the ghetto or whatever builds this computer and ends up trying to go in there to find the key.
So it's very much like Charlie and the Talking Factory, but there's references to all things like sci-fi and video games and stuff like they've got the
The Owl Ship from Watchmen in there.
The DeLorean.
Could they make a movie out of this?
They are making a movie out of this, I think.
It sounds cool.
That's why I'm reading it.
It sounds like part of the plot for Spiral.
My wife was very surprised that I would read a book.
And I don't read books very often.
I used to read sci-fi books in high school.
You're like me.
I used to read books all the time when I was growing up.
I used to love the scary books.
What was his name?
Christopher Pike?
Goosebumps?
Is that the guy?
No, it was different.
Well, maybe R.L.
Stine?
I want to say Pike.
Pike.
The name Pike is sticking out.
And yeah, his books.
I used to read a lot of those.
And I read some other stuff too.
You should see the book that I finished in two days.
Actually, I liked a lot of, even though I hear he was a total asshole, I liked a lot of the Roald Dahl stuff, like Charlie and the Chocolate Factory and Glass Elevator and James and the Giant Peach and the Boy Who Ruled the World, something like that.
Well, maybe if it's good, I will loan you the book afterwards.
After my wife reads it, because she's supposed to read it.
Well, hopefully somebody will buy me an iPad so I can play with gadgets when I read books.
By the way, it's not that I'm like, reading sucks.
It's just that the internet has kind of like, instead of reading, I pull up Wikipanion on my phone and I'm just looking at Wikipedia articles.
That's kind of what it's turned into.
My reading is now short attention span theater.
The stuff that I've actually started reading again lately is reading anthropology studies.
I've never been a fan of historical fiction, so I put down one historical fiction I was reading.
I've been reading cultural books.
The book I just finished was Geisha by Liza Dalby.
She actually worked as a geisha in the 70s.
It's her doctoral thesis.
So that's what I've been reading lately.
It's not that I hate reading, I just have a really short attention span.
But apparently it's good.
It is actually on the iOS bookstore or whatever.
It's actually on the New York Times bestsellers list right now.
Oh, okay.
If you like... Kotaku actually was the one that kind of turned me on to that.
They...
Ran an article about the book and with some screen.
It was concept art, I think, for a screenplay because he wrote a screenplay for it as well that will probably become a movie.
Well, and I was wrong.
It's not that it sounds like Spiral, it's that it sounds like the third book, Loop, in the virus, the ring, the ring, Spiral, and Loop.
It sounds kind of like Loop.
Yeah, but with video game references.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's get back to the emails.
Here we go.
Okay.
The first one's from Holly.
We got two from Holly, but they're short.
Molly says, you were forgiven, PS.
I ate your Xbox connector cables.
What is that?
It was because Loki was talking about the dog, but that was like a month ago.
Remember Loki said something about the dog's gonna die soon or something?
Well, she sent us a picture.
It was really terrible.
She sent us a picture of her dog.
Oh, I wanna see the dog.
So come on, load.
I didn't say the dog would die soon, and I hope it doesn't.
I'm just saying.
Oh, it's adorable.
Oh, it's a corgi!
Oh my god, it is adorable.
It's a freaking corgi.
Molly, I'm gonna put your dog on our Tumblr.
That is... I love corgis.
The dog's name is Molly.
I said Holly.
Oh, okay, sorry.
Her name is Molly.
The dog's name is Molly.
I was speaking to Holly.
Wait a minute, it's Holly and... Wait, wait, wait.
For real, it's Holly and Molly?
Yeah.
Molly's a good name.
That is the cutest dog ever, so shut the... Corgis are awesome.
No, if I owned a dog, I'd own a corgi.
My favorite gift ever is the army of corgis.
Oh, interesting.
Gear and not like pets and things?
That's interesting.
So like six months Sanctuary's Guard, which is a helm.
You get a personal vendor, which we've got one of those in our guild.
You get like some swords.
For 18 months you get gauntlets and greaves and Tricorn of the Drowned.
I'm going to add to it.
No, whatever.
And you get something called the Endless Skull Helm.
That's just a cool name.
So yeah, it's like basically all this stuff.
There's an end to it.
That is false advertising.
Stop.
Moving on.
Well, hold on, hold on.
Can I say this real quick?
WoW does something kind of similar with the whole like anniversary gifts.
I mean, but they're not like just for long time subscribers.
I don't know.
I got to talk about MMOs real quick though because, and I'm just going to totally publicly talk about a private conversation.
I don't even care.
Miklatov, do you know what game he got for free from some little manager thing or whatever?
Yeah.
Final Fantasy XIV.
What?
But this is Shane we're talking about and he's really good at making people do things they don't want to do.
So I don't know.
Maybe I will have to try it.
Well, hold on.
I'm just curious because it's kind of sucked and I'm wondering how much it's going for.
$25 on Amazon if I'm not mistaken.
And there's no monthly fee right now.
Really?
Oh, Loki.
Did you hear that?
Loki just went, hmm.
I can't.
I seriously, I can't even.
Nikol Tov, you might have won somebody.
I can't even fit in enough game.
This is on eBay.
Shit.
I am looking on eBay.
I'm just saying, $12.98.
Well, used.
Why would I buy a used copy of Final Fantasy XIV?
That's just stupid.
But, I mean...
Can I read the next email?
Yes, you can.
Sorry, you brought up MMOs.
I had to.
Oh, this one's to me, actually.
I saw this thought of you.
Maybe a point for discussion if things are really light this week.
Not really.
The latest top 20 list from some of those lucky people who get paid to sit around all day talking PR crap and getting paid for it.
Yes, I'm jealous.
The headlines are focusing on the top three, but I was interested by the PlayStation being placed at 13 and Nintendo reaching 16 with the Xbox not featuring.
Is the Xbox really not cool?
Apparently we don't think so in the UK.
Um...
But yeah, it's never going to stand up to the coolest levels of an Aston.
Haha, true.
Thanks, care guys.
Love your work.
Lee.
Maybe it's because they hate the United States so much and Microsoft being a US company and the other two being Japan.
These are the top 20 cool brands and yeah, the Aston Martin is number one.
Okay, so I'm just going to fly through the list in order, and I can understand these, okay?
So we have Aston Martin as number one, Apple, Harley-Davidson, Rolex, Bang & Olufsen, BlackBerry, Google, Ferrari, Nike, YouTube, Alexander McQueen, the designer, Dom Perignon, PlayStation, Ray-Ban, Chanel.
Why is PlayStation ranked higher than Chanel, fuckers?
Nintendo, Vivian Westwood.
Sometimes you're a real girl.
Agent Provocateur, Tate Modern, Maserati Maserati's are butt ugly, so yeah Aston Martin number one, Maserati should be like 42 So yeah
All right.
Dude, why?
Cool story.
Why?
Cool story, bro.
Maseratis aren't cool.
You want cool on there, put a fucking Bugatti on there.
That's what's cool.
And Chanel should be right behind Aston Martin.
Because I'm sorry, imagine decked out in Chanel driving an Aston Martin.
I don't want to do that.
With an iPad.
I'm talking me.
That would be epic.
Alright, let's move on.
Yeah, we got more emails.
Okay.
Very feminine James Bond.
Okay, this comes from Zether.
Zether is actually my new buddy now for introducing me to a different PC Engine thingy.
So I listened to episode 428 recently, and near the end DarkSakura was talking about the PC Engine and TurboGrafx-16 emulation, and mentioned Magic Engine.
I used to use Magic Engine to emulate, but later I came across an emulator that's a lot better.
It's called Ootake.
It's O-O-T-A-K-E.
And it was developed by a Japanese guy.
From what I remember hearing, Magic Engine has some input lag, which is a common hindrance in emulators, and Ootake has practically none at all.
Plus it's free as opposed to Magic Engine where you have to pay.
I'd say it's a very worthwhile emulator for the sole reason that it's free.
Also, I am with DarkSakura in hoping that Planet Harriers can get emulated.
Just recently, someone managed to get Sega's Model 3 hardware almost emulated and I hope that another genius can crack the Hikaru and emulate it too.
You were going to say something?
No, I'm sorry.
I'm just mouse being retarded.
No.
Keep being one of the best gaming podcasts out there.
I'm so glad I came across you guys.
I've been listening to past shows where you discuss Bimani stuff.
Also makes me want to pick up Step Mania again, even though I sucked at it back in high school.
Zether's my buddy now.
Okay, we have two more to go.
Hello, OLR, long-time listener, first-time writer-inner.
I know that OLR is a family, and while gaming is our main passion, we like to help people out.
Okay, this one I decided I was going to read because it's for extra life.
Okay.
Okay.
This is an opportunity for OL Army to combine the two.
Today I'm writing in to help out sick kids who don't have the lives we do.
I'll be participating in the Extra Life Gaming Marathon on October 15th.
I'll attempt to game for 24 hours to raise money for Children's Miracle Network Hospitals.
My goal is $500.
So far I'm at zero.
I need your help.
If you can please post this link into live chat forums, Twitter, Facebook, I would greatly appreciate it.
And I will be linking that shortly.
The donation is safe and 100% tax deductible.
In addition, I'll attempt to tweet my gaming process on October 15th.
Those who are interested may follow Ionotropic, that's capital I, I-O-N-O-T-R-O-P-I-C, and that's on Twitter.
I know the economy is bad and money is tight, but this is important.
Even the smallest contribution will be greatly appreciated.
Let's join together to help kids in need.
With deepest gratitude, Ionotropic.
And I will be doing the copy-paste real quick.
Yeah, I know there's actually a few people that listen to OLR because I've seen it show up on Twitter and Facebook and so forth that are doing this Extra Life thing that's coming out next weekend.
I think even Irene, who has gone by Rice Princess on this show previously, is doing this too.
So good luck to everybody participating.
You know what?
I'll do it too.
Why don't we do it too?
It's too soon.
I would like to do something for charity, but this particular one is too soon.
I can't do it on that short notice.
As much as I'd love to play video games for 24 hours, the wife would not let me.
She would take care of the baby for 24 hours.
I would happily support other people in their effort, though.
Absolutely.
As far as us, maybe on a three-day weekend at some point soon.
I would love to play a game.
Screw 24 hours.
I'd go as long as I could.
aww well maybe maybe what I'll do is I'll just play all day and for every hour that I play you're just looking for an excuse to play video games all day shut up well maybe we'll do something along the lines of whatever I happen to pull out of it I'll just send a dude cool
Good deal.
Okay.
So, moving forward, last email.
Good evening, OLR, and also guest hosts who didn't show up.
I'm being plain.
She couldn't make it.
Yeah, we ended up not having Tiara.
She couldn't make it.
Oh, that's too bad.
Yeah.
But I'll go ahead and read the email.
Gaming Week, Gears of War 3, wow.
Next week, wow, Dark Souls, Rage, Backup, Homefront, Newt, Duke, I don't know.
Why do I... What?
Like, why do we need to know you're Gaming Week?
No, I'm kidding.
Every gamer has a voice.
I was just murmuring after Dead Island.
Who do I talk to about purchasing the DDR Freak domain name?
it would feel like I would be owning a piece of the past a relic from a different time when I was younger anyways at this point all of our posts on the forum will be lost in time like tears in rain for the record probably not because I'm sure Jason still has the um
the uh forum logs that would be terrible to like troll it and just put like coming back soon and then just never ever ever update I don't see it being let go of honestly I don't see it being let go of either but let it be known if they are you've got competition because if they do put that domain up for sale I want it and I will put it to a legitimate purpose and will not um sell it spam whatever I want it absolutely
Talk to J-Dog
And the plates on my car, it still says DDRPLYR But on my newer car, 2010 Mazda MX-5 Miata Shoutout to all of OLR, Peace, and AAA I hope you have AAA if you've got a Miata shit Get some AAA!
So yeah
Alright.
Was that it for emails?
Yes!
Well, if you want to make Jamie work, mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com Send us more emails for next week.
I will cut a bitch if you make me work.
And yes, we are reading emails again.
Alright.
Let's move on.
Loki!
Okay.
Loki's already trying to see if the domain's available.
I know it's not.
Somebody would have snatched it up by now if it was.
It already is.
That's right.
Anyways, so let's talk a little bit about...
Sony, and you know they have the phone brand Ericsson.
Well, they actually may be buying out Ericsson.
It's interesting.
This is coming from the Wall Street Journal.
And apparently they're going to be buying out Ericsson, the mobile phone company, I guess they teamed up with back in 2001.
And, of course, they just recently released the Xperia Play through the Ericsson line.
And, of course, they're going to have, you know...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
then basically the first thing they would do is have a Playstation phone that's actually a Playstation phone instead of just this Xperia Play or some roundabout weird name like that which people still dub it the Playstation phone but if Sony actually has their own true phone company then or phone hardware manufacturer that'd be kind of neat they'd be joining up I guess against Apple even taking them on
You know, head first.
Be interesting.
I don't know.
Has it worked for the computers?
Because the files are damn fucking expensive.
Yeah, for real.
But apples are very expensive as well.
People buy those.
That's true.
Sometimes it's about just having that status.
Well, there's a lot of games looking to be getting that same status as well.
You kind of heard YYR talk about it a little bit when he was on the phone earlier.
Sometimes it's kind of hard to get noticed and get coverage on a lot of the big sites.
Well, Activision is trying to help some indie games get exposure.
There's an indie games competition that they did before.
And I guess what happened is that the publisher is going to be doing this again, offering $250,000 to two indie developers.
Ownership of submission rights will remain with the creator.
They're very important to put that in the press release.
and um yeah there you go Activision is working with IndieCade to uh actually do the contest and it'll be open for submissions from now through December 31st that's awesome hopefully you can uh oh maybe YYR should uh submit Bungie Ferret Tossing as you know the the future of gaming all right anyhow uh DarkSakura what do you got for us
Well, as I brought up earlier when I was trying to skip doing the mailbag... Minecraft has something new in it.
There have been screenshots released from a work-in-progress version that has dragons...
Ooh, dragons.
So it's either supposed to go in there or maybe not ever.
But the creator has been tweeting that texturing the dragon was interesting.
So it looks kind of blocky like everything in Minecraft does.
Yeah, dragons.
That's it.
All right.
Thanks for watching!
My guess at least.
So this is also cool since we were talking a little bit about indie games and stuff.
OnLive is actually putting on some new indie games this fall.
And some of these actually you might recognize because they've been hitting different console platforms as well as PC.
Including Orcs Must Die, which was just released on Xbox Live Arcade.
Limbo, Magicka, Bastion.
Space Chem, and Avadon the Black Fortress and those are being added to already existing indie games that are on there including Braid, Trine, World of Goo, and The Maw so that's kind of cool that there will be kind of a showcase of all sorts of games not just you know streaming games
Awesome.
It's good that OnLive is actually getting more games because that's kind of where they're hurting right now.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
So that's always a good thing.
Just a couple more stories for you guys.
Then we're going to go to the Twitter with twitter.com slash OLR.
I haven't seen hardly anything show up on there, so maybe after I say that it will.
Or also there's going to be the Skype line, of course, 1-877-GAME-OLR in just a moment.
I guess this is interesting.
A study was done by Website Bundle who tracks credit card spending.
I'm not exactly sure how that works, but I guess they track all the transactions or whatever.
And what the study did is that it looked at...
HUNNINGTON, NEW YORK
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Like, it's halfway between here and Fresno.
Like, what else can I say about Modesto?
Fresno's also on the list.
You know what else was on the list?
Stockton.
Was Stockton on the list?
Fresno's at number 19.
Well, it's not like they have much to do there.
Sacramento's not even on the list.
A lot of these strike me as, like, suburb-y things.
Well, then again, Pittsburgh's, like, number six.
So there are some... Chesapeake, Virginia's number four.
So there are some bigger cities that are on there.
I don't know.
Interesting, then Virginia Beach is at 10.
Aren't they right near each other?
Miami.
I think they are.
So there you go.
That's your list of games.
Oh, yeah, Stockton, number 41.
Hell, well, Stockton.
So I guess those are the big cities that buy video games probably because there's nothing else to do.
And Rama says, Huntington is Long Island.
Thank you.
Sorry, we're California kids.
We don't know our East Coast geography as well.
Huntington is Long Island.
Hmm.
Alright, one more story.
I threw this in here at the last minute because it's related to music games and DDR, which by the way, I did a little research on the DDR Freak domain.
It's registered through July 2017.
So we won't be getting that anytime soon.
That's not surprising at all, though.
I mean, that site probably still generates quite a bit of traffic, even though it's not there.
Did it ever, like, come back up?
No.
Or did the server get... I know the servers were, like, getting unplugged or whatever.
Yeah, it's not back up.
It's still just the demo part.
Oh, it just goes to... GoDaddy.
Wow.
And if you, you know, click on the register thing, then it has you go to one of those buy out a used domain theme.
So, yeah.
Was it expiring anyway?
No, I don't think so.
Interesting.
We'll have to figure out what's going on.
Look at this, you guys.
Based on true events.
Who knows?
Do you see what she's wearing right now?
I look so much better than her.
It's not even a competition.
No one can beat me.
It's nothing personal.
Super Jets DX.
This whole thing looks like it was shot in front of a green screen.
You know what that looks like to me, to be real?
This is the Ark Music Factory equivalent of movies, is what this is.
Enjoy your Rebecca Black music on your way to watch this premiere if you go.
I don't care that it's about a dance game.
It's only just kind of sad, that's all.
so um yeah that looks terrible sure does alright well is it a world premiere if no one goes to see it it's a neighborhood premiere it's a street premiere
Alright, moving on to our phone lines.
1-877-GAME-OLR is the number to call and I'm opening those up right now.
Making sure we're online and available.
I am, I'm like out of practice.
I only miss like two weeks of show and I forget how to multitask.
It's kind of sad.
Did you have this many problems when I was gone, DarkSakura?
No.
Yeah, I had a few.
Alright.
I feel better then.
All right.
We are up and available on Skype.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype, of course, is Orange Lounge Radio.
In the meantime, we're going to get to some of our Twitter topics that you guys send us every week at twitter.com slash OLR.
And the first and only tweet so far comes to us from Dark Tetsuya.
Not Dark Sakura.
She's here.
Dark Tetsuya says, On the topic of DDR Freak, have you heard about this reunion tournament thing they're doing?
I hope we can show support for him somehow.
Good question.
I had heard there was supposed to be an event on 20 November.
Is that even a weekend?
That this is happening 20 November?
No, it's a Thursday.
So it would have to be like 20... Oh no, I'm looking at October.
No, 20 November is a Sunday.
I'm all for it if they do a meetup on 20 November.
But no, I haven't heard anything since the original Facebook poll.
So we need to look at Facebook and follow up on that.
I don't know.
But we'll find out.
That's a good question.
Meanwhile, let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
It's Shane.
What's up, Shane?
I didn't know what name I was going to use, so I changed it midway.
I'm sorry.
Sometimes we call you Mikla Toph, but now you're Shane.
How about Mikla Shane?
Mikla Shane.
Nothing.
I'm just enjoying Final Fantasy XIV right now.
Did you hear us talking about that earlier?
No, because your feed sucks tonight.
It's not us.
I don't know what's going on.
We're trying.
It's all games, I know, but I'm still blaming you.
All games, you know what, they give it to us for free, so if they have an off night, I can't get to it.
Well, you can get aids for free, too, but it doesn't mean you should use it.
Shine!
Now that is a quote.
He does have a point.
You can get yours for free.
Comparing Yaris with AIDS is pretty accurate, I would say.
You can probably get Mexican labors for free, but you don't want them either.
Final Fantasy XIV you can pay $25 for, and yet now you say this is worth it.
I think you can actually get it cheaper than that, but yeah.
Alright, so fine.
You can get it on eBay or whatever.
But now you have come around on Final Fantasy XIV and you say Final Fantasy XIV is worth it.
Yes, it only took a year of them completely overhauling the game for it to be playable.
Alright, so how has this game gone from bad to good, in your opinion?
Well, I mean, it's turned into what it looked like from the get-go, a Final Fantasy XI clone, and we played that for years and years, and it...
Thank you for watching!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
nope nope they don't have a good color of blue so I went with brown but there's like eight different shades of brown so I keep starting and like oh this is good for five minutes but I need a different brown color so the game is fun huh yes does that mean they're gonna start charging for it soon
probably not because I remember reading a quote saying that they would not start charging until the game was at the point that they wanted it to be at and recently with this new patch that came out this week they said that they feel the game is only halfway to that goal
of being where they would want it to be as a playable game.
And that took a year, so I'm hoping for another year of free not paying for it every month.
And if it keeps up like that, I'll continue to play.
And maybe if I get past level five, and they got rid of the physical level, so it's only one level, your class level, no longer like class four, physical six, or something stupid like that.
So maybe if I get past level five,
I like it even more and I want to keep playing it because it is technically one of the cheaper MMOs to play monthly.
It's only like $12.
I guess.
But I mean, WoW's 15.
Most are priced in that area, right?
How much is the Star Wars MMO going to be?
Do we know yet?
15, they said, per month, unless you do the same thing WoW does, where if you pay for six months at a time, you get for a dollar cheaper per month, technically.
Right.
Gotcha.
Which isn't worth it.
By the way, for the live listeners, our feed went down, but it's back up.
And that was us.
Winamp crashed.
I don't know.
It's probably got sick of all the delay stuff that's going on on the other side.
I don't know.
Yeah.
I know, you should just let everybody call into Skype and then we could just listen that way.
Have a Skype party.
But anyway, if we're done talking about that real quick, I also wanted to mention that Tapsonic has also been taking over for me.
They updated the free songs and they added some quote-unquote American songs that are actually pretty fun to play.
uh like Passion Pit's on there Gwen Stefani's on there and then some new K-pop got added for free because I don't pay for stuff on that yet because I don't like microtransactions right and you have to pay like each time you play a song right yeah I extra don't like that that's dumb um and also Technica 3's soundtrack got leaked and it's all over YouTube and I love it is there anything I'd actually know huh is there anything I'd actually know in it
It's got Sampling Masters in it.
They do a song.
But I guess one of the people from Sampling Masters has been in the past few games and I didn't know that.
No, but they put a lot of happy hardcore in there.
Stuff I could see on one of the happy-to-be-hardcore CDs.
And it's really good and I love it.
Alright, well we're gonna let you go My keyboard lights up, I got a new keyboard and it's changing colors a lot Alright, we're gonna let you go so we can get some more calls here That's fine, I just won't be able to listen to what you guys say after this Well, we had the crash, so try again, maybe it's better now, who knows I doubt it Fine, bye Bye He's so rude He's so optimistic He really is What an ass Let's go to the phones and see if our next caller's nicer Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Hello, hola, bienvenidos a Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Stand in the silence.
Hang up.
It was a crank caller.
I guess they knew their connection wasn't working.
I don't know.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
And in the meantime, I'll try to go back to Twitter.
Except I closed Firefox like a genius.
Genius.
I guess we could have kept Shane on to, you know, be optimistic about things a little more.
I like Shane.
I like him when he's appropriate.
No, I'm just kidding.
I guess his inappropriateness is part of what makes him Shane, right?
Yep.
Yes, and you take your friends as they are.
I guess.
Or you murder them in their sleep.
I mean, you take them as they are.
Alright, let's go to our Twitter topics, because I know we have at least a couple more coming in here.
TigerClaw sent us some tweets.
Take down notice against some Battlestar Galactica modders.
This is a tweet to us from TigerClaw.
uh let's see a Battlestar Galactica mod for Nexus and I guess this uh made the attention of NBC Universal who sent a cease and desist letter to ModDB who'd been hosting the work on it I don't even wow I don't even know what this is about here uh but of course there is already a Battlestar Galactica online game um so I'm sure this is definitely a conflict of interest when you put Battlestar Galactica into uh another game
well it's also you know if you're doing a mod that's like with licensed properties and stuff like that I mean that's kind of to be expected if you know if you're doing your own mod or something like that you know and that's a little different by the way this game had to remove everything that was related to Battlestar Galactica so not just the popular one so bummer alright let's see also hold on
Why are you calling back?
I don't know.
You didn't have any other callers.
I felt like I should fill time.
I just was slow in getting the Twitter loaded.
I don't think so.
No, yes, I was.
That's not what it sounded like because I had the feed up and running.
Was the feed working now?
Nobody was calling.
Yeah, the feed was back.
Well, then there you go.
Yeah, so I called.
So Battlestar Galactica cease and desist.
I love Battlestar Galactica.
I can talk about that.
It has nothing to do with the story.
Did you even hear the story?
Yes.
Okay, what was the story?
NVC made them shut down some mod for some game that nobody plays.
Okay, good job.
You passed the test.
So are you sad that they had to take down the mods?
If you love Battlestar Galactica so much, here's my real question.
If you love it so much, why aren't you playing the MMO?
I did for a day and it was terrible.
Really?
So I didn't play it anymore.
Why was it terrible?
I couldn't control my Cylon ship.
And I was like, this isn't realistic at all.
I'd be making out with Helo or something equally as awesome.
That's absolutely realistic, I'm sure.
and Battlestar Galactica it would be because he loves Cylons and I was a Cylon alright alright, I'm hanging up on you to get some other calls, you've tied up the line okay, if there are finally people calling, that's fine bye, 1877 game OLR, or use name on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio so Miklatov's gone and we do have another call coming in, so let's see hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
oh, it's Legend of Zaku hey, Legend of Zaku, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Been doing stressful at work, but, you know, been hanging in there.
I hear you.
As usual.
It's been stressful at my work, too.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Just the usual, you know, grasp of the fact that even though Steve Jobs did pass away, it's like his legacy in terms of how he's actually laid out a plan that might actually impact the way we view, you know, any, like, portable, dedicated gaming systems.
I'm just saying the fact that, you know,
His passing has pretty much, you know, given me a little bit of time to reflect that.
Mobile gaming might actually, you know, unless Nintendo gets into the business of selling phones, well, Sony's getting there, getting there, as long as they buy out Ericsson, then they'll be set.
But I'm more concerned about Nintendo and the fact that they just, like, shrug it off with a cavalier attitude.
If Nintendo, you know, started selling phones, then they would have to acknowledge the fact that there's online and, well...
and this is where these mobile game developers they target that audience where they're basically pissing in the same pool that Nintendo has spent hard cultivating ever since the days of the Game Boy but the idea is that they're going after the casuals I know it's a segment of the market that's like
It's really hard to break in because these are people who aren't like, they're just typical folks.
They're not like your average gamer.
But the idea is that Nintendo, they're just shrugging it off.
And they're being so naive about not adapting.
Like, not realizing that the guys, you know, the creators of Angry Birds, at the end of the day, they're still going to make bank.
While Nintendo's going to be scratching their head as to why they're not innovating.
Why they're not staying ahead of the curve.
But the Wii U!
The Wii U is innovative!
The Wii U, it's about you!
And it's innovation.
You!
It's got the letter U!
Just a Wii with a touch remote and supposed better graphics even though it's still being worked out Hold on, Zaku, hold on.
Hold that thought.
There's something really important.
I hate to interrupt.
DarkSakura, what are you really reading about Final Fantasy XIV over there?
Yeah, I was just curious.
Oh, dear.
It doesn't mean I'm going to play it.
I was just looking.
You were experimenting?
Did I catch you experimenting in the middle of the show?
No, I was just looking.
Shit.
I had to give you crap.
All right.
Sorry, Zanku.
If Nintendo were serious about trying to capture the casuals, they wouldn't have an arrogant tone.
That's what I hear from their bosses.
They're hating on the Angry Birds folks, the indie devs.
Because at the end of the day, they're going to be pissed when their lunch gets eaten by those guys.
Steve Jobs' impact is going to be felt for a long time.
You were mentioning about his style a little bit there at the beginning of the call.
Did you hear that news report about that they're going to have executives be taught on his styles?
Well, that's the thing.
You can't really teach anyone else that type of style because you're born with that ability to be a perfectionist.
You can't really teach an artist, especially one that's born into it, born with that talent.
I mean, sure, they can become artists and they grow to realize that they have the talent within them, but you can't just force that person to be a perfectionist, to be as meticulous as he was.
I feel bad for that new guy a little bit.
The fact that he managed to change my industry, which I actually do work in mobile.
The day the iPhone came out, I realized that history was changing with that very same bloke.
Who would have ever thought that
DarkSakura.com
His first big press conference is about the iPhone 4S, which is really more of an upgrade.
Yeah, that was shocking.
The fact that they couldn't even announce something greater than the iPhone 4.
Well, here's the problem.
It is what it is.
If Jobs had still been around, that would have been his announcement to make anyway.
But think about this.
He knew.
Tim Cook had to know when he was up on that stage that the former CEO was... I mean, he knew.
I'm sure he was being up there.
He knew that Steve Jobs was about to die.
Well, that was already known the day he stepped down.
And that was months ago.
But I'm talking the difference between in a couple months and today or tomorrow.
But the idea is that he paved the way in the fact that mobile gaming has exploded in the past four to five years.
It used to be a small niche market that only folks who had the money to pay for those shitty games for those devices back then.
But now it's like the quality is getting to the point where it might even rival whatever Sony and Nintendo is actually spitting out.
I mean, if you look at the fact that these phones are like...
it's cheaper than the Vita itself they start cheaper than the Vita and they have just about the same number of games and the fact that the quality is damn near almost PS2 level for a device no greater than 4 inches yeah that's pretty impressive alright Zach I gotta let you go so we can wrap up but thank you for your call
Take care, buddy.
Bye.
Alright, that's going to do it for calls tonight.
Sorry to those that didn't get through, but be sure to send us an email for next week.
Mailbag at orangelaundry.com Or you could always send us a tweet.
Twitter.com slash OLR I want to quickly, quickly read one more tweet here from TigerClaw because I didn't get to this.
He sent a story from Gamasutra about this is kind of a longer article, but I guess the headline is Game Developer Conference Online WebWise Kids Team for Game Promoting Online Child Safety
So Webwise Kids is the game, or no, is the company, and I guess they're just promoting children being safe online.
I would assume like not sharing, oversharing personal details and so forth.
There is a free title that the saying is out there.
It's called Passing the Ball, and it's an action game that follows a parent and their child as they learn an important lesson about working together.
I guess that would be passing a ball, which to me sounds a lot like you jump to a conclusion.
There is a donation link within Passing the Ball so you can make a donation to Webwise Kids.
They will be doing something with the Game Developers Conference event in San Francisco.
The initiative will include a one-day Gamers for Change event created by the same non-profit team.
In addition to commissioning the game for web-wide kids and adding the donate link to the game, $1,000 was directly donated to this network to help the programs to promote a culture of safety, responsibility, and respect for youth and families in the digital world.
Again, watch your damn kids and make sure if they have a Facebook, A, they ought to be at least like 13 or 14, but B, if they aren't, you're monitoring it.
You know exactly what they're doing.
I have heard of really young kids.
Permanently blind them.
I have, well, I have heard about really young kids with Facebook accounts mostly to play the games, which is fine as long as the parent is kind of, you know, has, has watching out of the corner of their eye, you know, what they're doing.
Although I think... They should be standing there looking over their shoulder.
Well, yes and no.
I mean, you can't put the child on it.
I mean, at the end of the day, it's up to the parent.
That's fine.
But I think, and sometimes you should sit there and play the game with them.
But maybe there's times where you kind of get it loaded for them.
And then you can walk away for a couple minutes.
Give that child a sense of safety or whatever.
Make sure that when you walk back, that's what they're still doing.
You know.
Porn friends.
Pornville.
Not Pornville.
Forget it.
All right.
There you go.
That's going to do it for another week here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Oh, but I did miss one little thing we got to do.
Thank you, Loki, for pointing this out.
I totally missed this earlier.
What can I say?
I'm out of practice.
So it's time for the FUs of the week.
F you to people who don't do their damn part.
That's it.
Firewall at work that doesn't allow us to play live very well because of our strict NAT settings and it's funny our IT guy actually opened the NAT ports for my system made it worse so that's great fortunately they're going to be installing a new firewall in a couple weeks and if that doesn't work he's going to put our systems outside the firewall so that hopefully that won't be a problem
Alright, FU to Headaches.
I've been getting some huge ones today and it's not been good.
I'm very sad.
But I did really wear myself out yesterday so that could be part of the reason why.
So, I don't know.
That's it for the FU's of the week.
Now we can start to wrap up the show.
Actually, I gotta ask Loki, do you have any last minute stories for us?
No?
I'm not gonna look anything up.
Fine.
Then we'll go around and get everybody's final thought.
Loki, we'll start with you.
My final thought is opening on the 12th, we'll be voting for the podcast awards.
So don't forget to vote every day.
Every single day.
Tell your friends.
Tell your enemies.
Just make sure you vote every single day.
And especially tell your frenemies.
Yes.
My final thought is tacos.
If we win the podcast award, we will celebrate with a taco party.
That's for sure.
Shit.
Is that your final thought tonight, DarkSakura?
Yeah, that's my final thought.
Fuck shit.
That's it.
Have a wonderful night everybody.
Thanks for tuning in and supporting Orange Launch Radio as you always do.
Hey, if you like the show, always ask.
Tell a friend about the show.
Help spread the word.
Remember guys, we don't have advertising dollars.
It's part of the reason that we were hoping we'd get nominated for the podcast award is because it's great exposure and we don't have a big magazine or a giant website that backs us up.
So thanks again as always for your help in helping us spread the word.
So we'll see you next week.
We'll do it all again with another week of Orange Launch Radio.
Until then...
you've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production to join us for a live show visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific Time the views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com
But we're probably right anyway.
See you next week!
