More lies, more lies, more lies, this will be edited out later.
Lies.
And the last of the game is a new section to the PSN Terms of Service.
Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello, welcome to episode 430 of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are awesome.
And Rob's not here.
No, actually we are the show that tells gamers what they really want to know.
And I am your host for tonight.
I am DarkSakura and with us is Loki.
Hi.
And our special guest tonight is some dude that I picked up on the internet, Dan.
I'm a hobo.
Yeah.
Um, so again, it's a Sunday night, six o'clock Pacific time, and you can join us on allgames.com
and listen to us live and hang out in our chat room at allgames.com.
Why am I not allgames.com?
That's Bobby's chat room at Orange Lounge and pound Orange Lounge.
And you can also, uh, follow the chat at orangeloungeradio.com.
So yeah, it's another derpisode because Rob's not here and I'm kind of ill prepared.
So why don't we just go ahead and skip the formalities and go to how was our gaming week.
And mine, uh, I played WoW for 20 minutes a day every day.
That's it.
Loki?
Just 20 minutes?
Pretty much.
Except for the other night when I was doing, uh, the pet hunt.
How do you even play WoW for 20 minutes?
Uh, just go on to do dailies.
Wow.
Anyways, um, I played, uh, quite a few things actually this week besides the usual stuff.
More Grand Theft Auto, more Earth Defense Force, Insect Armageddon.
Um, I did play a few things, including some stuff I should be playing, like, um, Tiny
Tower.
I played a little bit of that just because I realized that there is an update to it and
I did the update and bought the two extra shops of each kind and a few extra residential
floors and, uh, added those all in there and my tower is super huge even though it technically
isn't cheating anymore because, uh, the credits and stuff aren't locked but, yeah, it's still
cheating.
Um, and, yeah, the game is still pointless.
And there's no extra achievements so there's really no reason for me to actually play it
but I did.
And then also on iOS I checked out Katamari Amore which is the new Katamari game for,
you know, the iPod, iPad, iPhone.
And it's alright.
I mean, once again, I don't really care too much for touch screen controls for a lot of
stuff, especially, you know, when it comes to virtual thumb sticks but it's alright.
It works pretty good and, um, you could check out the free version which is basically just
a time trial, um, level that's only two minutes long and if you want the rest of it you can
buy the download pack which is $3.99.
It's alright but, uh, definitely if you're thinking about picking it up try the demo
first and then if you like it then go ahead and, uh, you know, pay for the full thing.
Uh, and then finally the other thing I really shouldn't have been playing is a leaked game
that came out, um, it's a leaked Xbox Live arcade game called Saints Row Money Shot.
Now I'm not sure if this is actually a game that got cancelled or if it's a game that's
coming out.
I mean, it's possible it may be coming slightly before the launch of the game because there
are some, uh, unlocks for Saints Row the Third in the game itself.
You can unlock the hover bike and this, uh, sniper outfit and one of the sniper rifles.
Uh, but basically the whole game's premise is very similar to, like, the movie Wanted
or at least a section of it where you're firing the sniper rifle, um, and actually controlling
the trajectory of the bullet as you're, you know, flying to your intended target.
And so you can hit different things that will interact with the environment, um, like you'll
have different goals like, you know, kill three pigeons, um, you know, get a bunch of
close calls and that kind of thing and you unlock different bullets that have, you know,
uh, more speed, more, uh, turning ability, that kind of stuff.
But I mean, seriously, when they're moving faster, it's a lot harder to actually play
the game.
But, um, some of the cool stuff you can do, you know, there's one part where you hit a
wine bottle of this couple that's, you know, sitting there having a nice dinner in their,
you know, condo or apartment and that unfortunately causes the bottle to shatter and hit the candle
that's on the table and they both catch it on fire, or another one where it knocks out
the cane of an old woman and there's implied, you know, oral sex there and funny stuff like
that.
But, uh, you know, kind of the Saints Row over the top humor to go along with it.
Rated E for Everyone.
Of course.
Um, so it may be something that's still coming, um, it's definitely not the, uh, Saints Row
drive-by game that was supposed to become an Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation Network.
That was gonna be kind of like its own thing and that was the one that was supposed to
come to the 3DS.
Uh, but this game may very well come to Xbox Live Arcade, um, I would imagine this month
if it's gonna come at all, um, I don't know.
It was alright.
It was a little bit boring because there's only really three story levels.
The rest are kind of practice training levels, but then again, this isn't really a finished
build of the game.
It's something that came out back in June, but I don't know.
It'll be cool.
I definitely would want to check out the full version if it did come out just at the very
least for the unlocks.
Um, and that's pretty much it.
That's all I've been playing.
Well, sweetie?
Yes.
What have you been playing?
I played some Tetris DS.
Woo!
You've been watching a lot of videos.
Yeah, I spent a little time in the vault last week and, uh, played some Genesis stuff.
Besides that, nothing really current.
No, but you have been watching a lot of videos.
I watched a couple.
I watched a playthrough of Sapphire today, now it's kind of a cool game.
I love that game.
You didn't even know what it was.
What's this?
Well, no, I just walked in and it looked like a tank game for a minute and I was like, wait,
that's not a tank game.
It doesn't look like a tank game at all.
This is a big skull and I forgot that level, so shut up.
You know, you know what?
Here we're talking about.
Okay, you're fired.
Ah.
Everyone, Dan's kicked off the show.
Damn it.
Okay, you're rehired.
If you go get me something to drink.
No.
Okay, you're fired again.
So anyway, a little bit of housekeeping.
Basically, Rob's at Disneyland and we're all super jealous.
Well, at least I am.
Dan, are you super jealous?
I really want to see Space Mountain Ghost Galaxy.
Well, if all plans out, we're going, but not now.
Maybe.
Maybe.
So anyway, let's go ahead and move on from, let's move past Rob's absence and I'm over
it.
I'm over it.
I was a little upset for a while, but now I'm over it.
So how about we launch into the first story?
Sure, let's talk about the new Xbox 360 dashboard that's going to be coming out later this year.
Of course, it's assumed to be coming out sometime in the fall.
That's usually when their fall dashboards come out and yes, it's actually been leaked
according to an internal memo from PayPal, which is going to be part of the new dashboard.
They're going to be adding PayPal payments.
It's listed the release of this as November 15th and of course the dashboard update kind
of refreshes the whole look of it, kind of gives it the Windows phone, Windows 8 kind
of looked to the whole thing, which I kind of hate, but whatever.
But yeah, it's right now, November 15th is kind of the target date.
I mean, it's not a big surprise.
It's usually around between the end of October to the second week of November.
In fact, I think last year is about the same time anyways.
So we have that.
Of course, some more information regarding the supposed Xbox TV service they're going
to be having, some of the content providers that they're going to be featuring on this
according to Bloomberg, Comcast, Verizon.
They're also expecting the HBO, Crackle, Bravo, Syfy, LoveFilm and a lot more.
I guess also some stuff from Amazon as well.
So it looks like they're going to be trying to source content from, now I think not only
just cable providers, but actual cable content providers on top of just actually the cable
companies.
So maybe, for example, if you don't have cable, you may not be just locked out of all this,
which would be nice because I would prefer not to have cable, but getting a somewhat
okay deal right now, but in a year's time that may change and it'd be nice to have some
extra sources of content other than the internet.
And of course, I'll probably get a nice little peek of this pretty soon considering that
the dev kit dashboard update that's the preview for this fall thing also leaked to the internet
and been taken down pretty quickly, but it happened to snag a copy for my dev kit before
I did get taken down, so I will get a chance to check that out.
Although based on the YouTube videos I've seen, it's still rather boring because it's
basically what you see in the screenshots.
Because it's an Xbox menu.
Well, it's like I don't understand with each update, they kind of make it worse.
Bring back the blades, dammit.
I mean, that's what I use pretty much now anyways, it's just the blades.
Just hit the guide button, blades come up, and I'm hoping that's still the case with
this because I just really don't care for the new update.
And I understand why they're doing it, it's because they can say, hey, look at all this
ad space we've got.
We can advertise games, we can advertise services, we can have third party ads.
I mean, that's really what it's come down to and that's kind of scary if you think about
it because they're gonna do the same thing with Windows 8.
Thankfully with Windows 8 you can turn that off, kind of like you can turn off Media Center,
but I don't know.
I wish it was optional like Media Center.
I would think by now we have the technology to where we can customize the way that the
dashboard looks.
If I want the Windows 8 look, cool, I can do that.
If I want the old one, cool, I should be able to do that as well.
You know what I like about the updates to the dashboard, and it's not really even specific
to the dashboard but just part of the whole update package, I like the fact that they
stopped making the avatars look retarded.
They like re-proportioned them a little bit so their heads aren't all stupidly huge and
they look a little bit more like people but they still look like avatars.
That's awesome.
The Miis still look like bobbleheads.
Yeah, but Miis...
They're supposed to look like bobbleheads.
Miis always sucked.
The Xbox ones, I thought, weren't supposed to have that bobbleheaded look so I like it
too.
Right.
The avatars are like kind of neat but the Miis, yeah, were always just sort of creepy
looking.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, I don't know, we'll just...
It's only, what, a month away so, I mean, whatever.
I'm just glad I'm not participating in the fall preview because I fucking hated that.
It's just like, oh hey look, we're pushing another dashboard update to you.
Every day.
Twice a day.
It's like, ugh, I have to sit here for another ten minutes while this shit downloads.
It wasn't worth it.
And I didn't even get anything free out of it like the people that tested, was it the
last dashboard thing with the XGT3 stuff where you got a free copy of Reach.
That didn't even work.
Well, at least when they updated it.
Well, you still get a games on demand version so it's...
Sweet.
Yeah, it's not too bad.
If you don't like hard drive space, it's great.
My turn?
Yes.
Okay.
Hey, guess what?
Microsoft's coming out with a new Windows phone that nobody's gonna buy.
Who's surprised?
It has swappable controller pads so you can have a keyboard, a touch screen, an extended
battery or a game controller.
The problem is, it's a Windows phone and everybody hates Windows phones.
Totally hate Windows phones.
Microsoft doesn't hate Windows phones.
I mean, after all, they're redesigning Windows to look like they're Windows phones.
They're just redesigning Windows to work on tablets.
That's the future for Microsoft.
They wanna...
They wanna get into the tablet business.
Well, and you can turn it off.
The phone business would be...
What, the phone?
No, with the PC version.
Turn what off?
You can turn off that tablet interface and go back to a classic interface on Windows
8.
Yeah, I understand that, but the damages are even done as far as I know.
You mean you can make Windows look like Windows?
Score!
I'm really sad that they took out the support to make Windows look like Windows 3.1.
You can make Windows look like old Windows?
Score!
Really?
I am so ready for Windows to be radically different.
I mean, it's fine.
Windows is Windows and you're used to Windows being what it is, but it is sort of like,
man, I sure would like to see Windows do something different.
I don't really think Windows now.
There's not anything I've done and said, you know, I really wish Windows 7 did this.
I'm fine with Windows 7.
Windows 7 does everything I need to do.
I don't need to interact with social networks any more than I already am.
I don't need them to post an update.
Matt just opened calculator.
Yeah.
No one fucking cares.
You know what's going to happen is they're going to get this whole thing with perfect
social network integration and right then the whole world's going to be like, eh, we're
done with social networks.
Let's move on to something else that's lame.
You know what?
Your article, that top attachment, I swear, looked like a Wiimote.
That's right.
It's the new Wii Microsoft phone.
Mic, Wii, I got nothing.
Micro Wii.
Nice.
Yeah.
Well, I don't know.
That kind of goes with what our friend used to call Microsoft, microflacid.
Anyway, how about some news that makes everybody happy because it has to do with portal.
There is new download content for portal 2, which is called Peer Review, and it is a free
download for PC, PS3, and Xbox 360, available on October 4th.
It has more of the co-op modes for Atlas and Peabody, who are the cutie little robots that
like to hug so much, and hey, this article has my desktop wallpaper on it.
GLaDOS will be there, so that's going to be cool, and there's also a challenge mode for
co-op and single player that has leaderboard support, and if you want some more free stuff,
the third and fourth group of tracks from the portal 2 soundtrack, Music to Test by,
is on Valve's site right now, which I need to download them.
Probably some more ringtones and message sounds, I bet.
Cool.
I actually have the Turret Symphony as one of my ringtones.
The little one that you hear, the four little turrets practicing in the little level.
You must be so proud.
I am!
Shut up!
I'm not proud of your face.
Wah wah.
Okay.
Well that's it for that one.
Well, this is a little bit interesting, and a little bit disappointing, because I kind
of, I read this, and you know, I was craving Subway anyways because I had a coupon for
it, and although it wasn't before the store went to.
Yeah, why do you need a coupon for Subway?
It's all $5 anyway.
Well yeah, I understand that, but you know, I wasn't gonna actually use it right now,
and it was for like, you know, get a bunch of like, footlongs for free and that kind
of stuff.
Multiple sandwiches.
That's a pretty good coupon.
Um, but, so I went down to Subway because they've got this thing going on right now
with Uncharted 3, where if you go down to Subway, you can actually get a code to play
in the, I guess the multiplayer beta or multiplayer portion of Uncharted 3 throughout the month
of October.
Dude, I saw that!
I should have got a drink.
Yeah, it's a 30 ounce drink, and basically, not only do you get a PlayStation Network
code for that, to play the multiplayer portion of the game, but you also get an exclusive
item which earns you the ability to do the Subway footlong taunt, you know, the $5 footlong
thing that they do in the commercials.
Nice.
So you have that taunt as well, that you can earn from getting a drink.
And here I was all ready to get a drink, in fact...
You even got a drink!
Yeah, well no, to go back to what I was talking about earlier before the show started, how
the person at Subway was really stupid, I asked for a large drink, and she rang me up
for a small drink, because she is stupid.
Did you reach her across the counter and pimp-slap her?
I should have, but once again though, I looked at their cups, and their cups did not have
the new stuff on them.
I'm sure that participation will vary by location based on whether they're phasing out their
old inventory or not, so...
You know, often those promotions are even no purchase required, you can probably just
ask for a code and they have to give it to you.
Maybe, but I'm sure that this woman would have not known what the hell I was talking
about.
Should have been like, footlongs are $5!
Woo!
Exactly.
Yay!
Footlongs $5, yay!
And they're probably trying to get you really psyched up about the online portion of Uncharted
3, because the online portion will require a Playstation Network pass.
Yes, Sony has of course jumped on board with the whole online pass thing, starting with
Resistance 3, and of course, unsurprisingly, continuing on with Uncharted 3.
And it's a one-time use code that will require all players to enter it in, in order to play
the online portion of Uncharted 3.
Although, if you're like me, you probably couldn't give two shits about the online portion
of Uncharted 3.
So I don't know.
But yeah, if you buy the game used, you're gonna have to pay $10 if someone's already
activated the code.
And of course, this is to combat piracy, but really it's just, you know, make a little
money on the back end from used copies.
It's what you call a shameless cash grab, and a way to put the screws into GameStop,
and which I'm kind of down with, because fuck GameStop!
No, I don't have any problem with GameStop, really.
I have a problem with GameStop.
Yeah, me too.
Hey, you like movies?
No.
Yes.
You like zombies?
Yes.
You like movies about zombies?
Yes.
You like movies based on video games?
What?
Looks like Dead Island might already be getting a movie.
People are already looking at it.
Looks like Lionsgate and producer Sean Daniel, who apparently was responsible for Tombstone
and Dazed and Confused, two very decent movies, is thinking, hey, this looks like it'd be
a great movie, but seriously, all zombie movies are the goddamn same anyway, except for, you
know, Shaun of the Dead, which was hilarious.
So guess what?
I like Wild Zero.
Good.
Which I still have your copy.
Great.
Huh?
Nothing.
Wild Zero?
Yeah.
If you like zombie movies, there's more coming.
If you like Dead Island, watch the big screen.
And I mean, they're trying to make it an emotional zombie movie, so they're basing it off a trailer,
which, which is great because the trailer had nothing to do with the actual game.
Aren't zombie movies always pretty emotional?
Zombies are into the pursuit of brains.
That's heartfelt right there.
They're like, I feel for their play.
And people run in fear with great passion.
People?
There's people in these movies?
Yeah, the people that end up being food.
I thought those people were just food.
And you know, what's kind of annoying though is all these zombie movies nowadays, especially
starting after, what was it, 28 days.
Yeah, they all have the smart killer zombies.
Like the ones that run.
I mean, come on.
They don't have the shuffling undead because the shuffling undead aren't interesting anymore.
But the funny thing about zombie movies was it was always just about the fact that they
were slow but unstoppable.
Now they're all fast and unstoppable.
And they're fast and unstoppable and they think.
Which you know what that really makes them?
Not fucking zombies.
Really guys.
I want them to do a zombie movie where the people aren't zombies but all the animals
are.
You know what would be great?
Like zombie cows.
They did a movie about Resident Evil.
Yeah, well kind of like Pet Sematary, yeah, but they're all like church and the people
don't come back.
But they're attacking all the people.
Zombie animals.
But would they turn the people into zombies?
No, they just eat them.
I'd watch that.
That'd be a good movie.
Copyright Dark Sakura 2011 blah blah blah blah.
That movie sounds really stupid.
So do you.
Okay, next story.
You got me there.
I love you.
You mean it.
Next story.
How about Nintendo Power?
Who of us grew up with Nintendo Power?
All of us.
Get the power.
Nintendo Power.
I was published in Nintendo Power once.
What?
You're lying.
I'm not lying.
Prove it.
I'll have to find the issue but it was the one doing the immortality thing for Mega Man
3.
Well I happen to know a guy who has almost every issue of Nintendo Power so we're gonna
find out.
Okay.
Fine.
So anyway.
They are being distributed.
It's distributed in the US by the same people that do Playstation, the official Xbox magazine,
and of course there's Nintendo Power.
They do Best Spies at Gamer and PC Gamer.
And they're actually saying that since people are, you know, first of all, poor, broke,
you can't see the magazine very well at the newsstand, I mean it's really not getting
a big order, and the digital revenues are where the money is, that basically they're
thinking about changing how they do Nintendo Power in the US.
They are thinking about doing it digital only instead of doing it in print, but then again
as someone pointed out earlier in chat, EGM went away and they came back.
So nice.
In my world, when Nintendo quit publishing Nintendo Power, it quit being Nintendo Power.
It just did.
It was the end of an era then.
Now if it goes away, it's just another magazine going away, but when Nintendo published it,
it was the official Nintendo propaganda magazine.
That would be like Napster going away now.
It's like, who cares.
In fact, when he said Napster, I'm like, is Napster still around?
Yeah it is.
It's a legit music service now.
No one cared.
When they're like, we're going legit, everyone's like, we're going elsewhere.
Exactly.
I was like, wait a minute, I can't steal music for free?
Fuck this.
I'm out.
Well according to Gamasutra, Future is going to be doing their update for their plan starting
on I believe, they're going to show what the plan is for November 24th and later, through
2012.
If anyone cares.
Some people care.
Damn it.
I care.
A little.
Next.
Well cool, let's talk a little bit about what's coming out soon.
Starting with October.
In the U.S.
Oh wait, isn't this our music?
No, we don't have music for this section of the show.
Well, I did it anyway.
We have music.
Okay, so what's coming out?
I refuse to have music.
Fine.
Anyways.
Today, actually, Tetris Axis came out on Nintendo 3DS, and it was great.
Earlier this week, Kotaku had actually run a little bit of a, they do this stupid video
blogging crap for some of the games that they get to test and stuff, like, ooh look, we
got the test.
And they were showing off the augmented reality portions of Tetris Axis, and man, that looks
retarded.
I'm so glad that I'm not a big Tetris fan, because it's just like, hey, look, I gotta
put a card down on a table and I gotta walk around the table while I play Tetris.
What's the point to that?
I mean, seriously.
So that's coming out this week on the 3DS.
On Xbox 360, Motion Explosion by Majesco.
It's just a weird mini-game collection for the Kinect.
What do you expect?
Dark Souls on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Yes, I tend to rhyme sometimes.
Sometimes you're clever.
Gunslingers coming out on the Wii, and this is kind of an on-rails, western shooter game.
NBA 2K12 coming out on PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, and PSP.
Rage coming out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC.
Age of Enigma, The Secret of the Sixth Ghost on PC.
No idea what that is.
Spider-Man Edge of Time on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, 3DS, and NDS.
And hopefully it's not as terrible as X-Men Destiny, because that game has gotten some
pretty terrible reviews.
That game got murdered in the reviews.
Oh yeah, it's really nice that you put this unfinished game out.
You know what's sad about that game, too?
It's made by Silicon Knights, who at one time was a really decent publisher, and now they're
just bootsy.
Girls Only coming out on Nintendo DS.
It is for girls only.
They will shoot you on sight if you try to buy that and you're not a girl.
I was hoping it would be like Boobalicious or something.
No, it's not that good, I'm sorry.
It's just some crappy girl-targeted game.
How to knit and shop.
Umm, yeah.
And makeup.
Face Raiders Photo Finish 3DS.
It's an awesome kart racing game where you can take a picture and put your face on the
kart or the person driving the kart, because everybody really wants to do that in a stupid
kart racing game.
You know you can do that on the arcade version of Mario Kart?
Really unaware of that.
Yes.
I'm so unaware of that.
Glad I have no memory of doing that at my bachelor party.
Oh, good.
That wasn't your face.
Sid Meier's Civilization V Game of the Year Edition on PC, and they made me drive as Luigi.
That is just a crime right there.
I think it was Luigi.
I was so messed up.
I have no memory of it until I saw the video.
Gabrielle's Ghostly Groove on the 3DS, it's a rhythm music game.
And then finally, one week from today, Just Dance 3 coming out on Xbox 360, and Wii, PlayStation
3, who the hell knows when that's coming out because it's been delayed.
That is it.
Alright, so for everyone in, I guess this is the UK, is this all of Europe?
This is UK.
For everyone in the UK, here's some releases this week.
Really the only one that matters, Chrono Trigger hits PSN on the 4th, Crysis for the Xbox 360
and the PlayStation 3, NBA Jam on Fire Edition, which is a download, Orcs Must Die, I gotta
believe that's a download, I'm not really sure.
I think all those are downloads so far.
Payday of the High, Sega Bass Fishing, Space Channel 5 Part 2, all that crap comes out
on the 5th.
It's like, really?
Dark Souls for the 360 and PS3 on the 7th, NBA 2K12, Power Up Heroes and Rage, as well
as the Cursed Crusade, all land on the 7th as well.
I'm actually really interested to check out Crysis on 360 when that comes out, I think
that's actually next week I believe, because I played it on PC and it was pretty fun up
until the end where the game decided, hey, you know what, work, I don't want to do it.
I'm interested to see it from a technological standpoint, Crysis, you know, was a real system
killer.
Yeah, it was a really unoptimized piece of shit.
I can't wait to see if they manage to make it run well on the 360 and PS3, or if it's
going to run like Crysis.
Well, they did with Warhead, remember, they totally revamped the whole engine, it's like,
oh hey, yeah, by the way, remember that game that killed all your PCs, yeah, we finally
got around to optimizing it, now that could run in pretty much everything.
Well, that's what I'm saying, I just want to see if it will run on the 360 and what
not.
I hear that, you know, my understanding is that happens a lot, and I'll ask you about
this later, but I was talking to someone about GTA for the PC.
Oh yeah, it's a terrible, very unoptimized, I mean.
It's like, oh, it takes such a PC to run it, you know, because I saw, did you see the link
that I posted to the Vice City mod that somebody did?
I think I've seen those mods before.
I've got to play that.
That's going to be so good.
But anyways, so there's the releases for the UK.
I wonder what's coming out in Japan.
How about Child of Eden?
Coming out on the 6th.
How about it?
Well, this is the Xbox 360 list.
F1 2011, Oga Mosokoku X, no sorry, Kyoku X, my bad, Rage, and the Gun Stringer.
And then moving forward to Playstation 3, we have Major League Baseball 2K11, Child
of Eden as well, and F1 2011, what, what did you say?
Sorry.
Oh.
God of War, Chains of Olympus, and Ghost of Sparta HD, Rage, World Soccer winning 11 2012,
Ace Combat, that's getting a little bit further past, my bad.
On the Vita, we have nothing, because it's on the list for some stupid reason.
On the PSP,.hack link, for PSP the best, it's a re-released, AKB 148, that's idled
to Guam to Koshitara, and that's going to be a bunch of limited editions too.
Okashi Nashima no Peter Pan, Sweet Neverland is also going to be out in a regular limited
edition, and Phantom Kingdom Portable will be out on the 6th, with a limited edition
as well.
Tsugi no Giseisha o Oshirase Shimasu, Kimitoko no Hateru Kotanai Kurayami O is going to
be out on the 6th by Booston.
And let's see what else we have on the Wii, Just Dance Wii, but that's not until next
week.
On the 3DS we have Super Black Bass 3D Fight, which makes fishing sound cool, I guess.
On the PS2, nothing, because no one care.
And on the DS, nothing, although Super Scribblenuts will be coming out next week, which is kind
of cool.
And for Japanese PC gamers, Batman Arkham City, Battlefield 3, that's about it.
Really?
There's some other stuff, but they're not giving us dates.
I'm surprised they're getting that so early.
No one care.
Arkham City is going to be awesome.
Just as October is at the top of the list, so I'll set it.
That's probably just sometime in October, I doubt that they're getting it that early.
No, but it gives our friends overseas something to look forward to.
Something you can look forward to, but when you go to the store this week, you're not
going to find it there.
I didn't say it was this week, I said it was this month.
This is kind of strange, they've got this game coming out for iOS called Life of George.
You might be thinking, is this some sort of documentary game based on George Washington?
No.
It's a Lego game, actually, where you're challenged to build different things that you see in
this photo album using actual bricks.
You buy a $30 kit from the Lego store.
You've already kind of lost me there because it's a $30 kit, and I'm assuming it comes
with like 10 pieces.
Apparently, it comes with this green screen like a building mat, and so you're challenged
to recreate 120 different models, or build your own models and then have them scanned
into the game.
You're awarded based on accuracy and how quick you put everything together.
But really, a $30 iOS game, and I have not actually seen what this Lego kit is, but I'm
going to be willing to bet that it's probably, considering the price of Legos, which is really
ridiculous, it's probably like 20 pieces, so it wouldn't be that difficult to recreate
everything.
But just out of curiosity, let's see, Life of George.
That actually does sound kind of cool.
Because you're a Lego addict.
And at the same time, devastatingly stupid.
Whoa!
Yes.
I am surprised.
It's actually 146 pieces.
That's actually not bad for Legos.
But from that picture, they're like really basic pieces.
Well, yeah, I'd imagine.
You know, I would probably just play with the Legos separately anyway and not care.
So I'd just go buy Legos.
That game better be free once you buy that stupid kit.
That's all I gotta say.
No, it's $44.99.
That sounds to me like, was it TomTom or whatever like that?
Oh hey, you gotta buy this GPS thing, 70 bucks.
Oh, dude, we mentioned the software's another 40.
Yeah, we hate you.
We want your money and you are gullible, so give it to us.
How's that?
Like that?
Yeah.
Well, how about something, you know, you could gamble on that game or you could gamble for
reals.
Ew.
Full House Poker.
Which, I actually know people who are playing this.
And me, I don't like poker.
I really don't like gambling games, but oh well.
But the Texas Heat tournament is on day 119 on Xbox Live.
And it's apparently super popular, but it's not getting a fall update, but it's not going
away.
They just said that they plan to refresh the Texas Heat season in the future.
So what does that mean?
That means that, oh, we're not gonna change anything.
We're just gonna say, oh, new tournament start, here's the same thing.
But it's still there if you like it.
At least it's not going the way of 1 versus 100.
As in, away.
1 versus 100 was, like, really, really cool.
Yes it was.
But I would think that 1 versus 100 versus, like, I mean, this is kind of like, you know,
the World Series of Poker almost, but on a very, very small scale.
This I can see, you know, being able to play a lot more without actual structure in a season
versus 1 versus 100, which is more of like a trivia game that's kind of, you know, host-driven
and it'd be a little difficult.
You know, I can see how they're able to carry it on beyond, you know, like a season.
Even the 1 versus 100 extended play, though, just the practice rounds, were fun just to
pop on there and play.
I never played them, and I'm disappointed.
I'm actually very disappointed that Bob Saget was not the host on, you know, the online
version.
Yeah.
Bob Saget's a gangster.
He's so cool.
I mean, you know, actually, there's been one poker game that's come out that I like, and
that's Poker Night at the Inventory.
I still have got to download that.
$4.
Like, I watched Jamie play, see, I don't want to pay $4 for it, though.
You paid $4 for it.
You played it on my computer, G.
I don't like your computer.
Cheapo.
Then put a copy of my account on your computer.
See, that's what I'm talking about.
Four fucking dollars.
You're so Dutch.
What do I look like?
I'm made of money.
You're so Dutch.
Whatever, Jew.
Okay, so anyway, how about you talk about something that actually matters to people
instead of just throwing out, you know, religious and ancestry-related comments.
What in the crap are you talking about?
Classic game, duh.
Oh, classic game.
This is music for classic games.
This music is entirely too happy for classic games.
So start talking about it.
Is this really the music for classic games?
It's the intro music, dumbass.
I need something cool like the black hole music from one of the Advance Wars games.
That'd be amazing.
How about this?
All right.
Anyways.
Pause that for a second.
I've got to play it in the background.
Anyways, before we get into this whole classic game of the week thing, you know, I want to
just throw this out there.
The whole reason Jamie's been doing this thing for years is because it was stolen from me.
I know everything about classic games.
La, la, la, la, la, la, la.
So just shut up.
I'm going to unplug your mic.
No, you're not.
I know everything about classic games.
I am the boss.
And everybody knows this, right?
I'm the master of the vault.
I'm the one who keeps and maintains the collection.
When Jamie comes to give you guys classic games, you know who she asks for them?
Me.
So anyways, if you like classic game of the week, thank you.
I appreciate your work and I appreciate Jamie's work in bringing you so many classic games.
Dance is not getting late tonight.
Whatever.
I was going to get late anyway.
You can flip me the bird for like an hour if you really, really want to.
But anyways.
Okay.
Can I play the music again?
Start the music.
Shut up.
Still without the damn game.
So anyone who recognizes this music is automatically awesome because this is the first level theme
from Thunder Force 3.
Thank you, Zeta.
You win a cookie.
Thunder Force 3 is one of the absolute best side scrolling shooters on the Genesis.
I bought it when it first came out.
It came out in 1990.
We don't get an exact date because Wikipedia sucks rocks.
It came out in 1990.
I know one of the first nights it was out, I went over to software, etc. and bought it.
Took it home and proceeded to have it blow my mind for like months on end.
It was one of the first games to have line scrolling.
It had selectable levels.
It just made Thunder Force 2 look like a pile of crap.
It was really that much better.
In fact, Thunder Force 3 for the Genesis was so good that they took it and they made an
arcade version out of the Genesis game.
And then when they put it on SNES, they ported the arcade version.
And it still wasn't as good, although it is a damn good SNES game.
Nothing beats the original Genesis version.
The basic idea is that this giant computer, get this, you'll never have seen this coming,
has taken over the galaxy.
Who knows?
Yeah, I know.
And the irony is that humanity created the giant computer.
So if you haven't beaten the game, sorry about that, that was a big spoiler.
And so they dispatched you to go in there with your ship, one ship, and annihilate like
jillions of enemies and wipe them all out.
The levels scroll every which way, the backgrounds move, you face ships that make the giant ship
in R-type look like a tinker toy.
Giant flowers.
Yeah, yeah, you shoot some giant flowers too.
Giant fish.
It's awesome.
It's really hard to describe how great this game is.
If you can throw down an emulator or if you have to take a Genesis, like I'm sure some
of you do, you really need to play this game.
What else should I say about it?
How about the differences between the different versions maybe?
All ports of the same game.
So they're essentially the same.
I guess when you go to Thunder Spirits in the arcade or Thunder Spirits on the SNES
or Thunder Force arcade, you lose the level select, they add in some levels from Thunder
Force 2, they take out some levels from Thunder Force 3.
The Genesis version is really the one to play.
But if you don't happen to own a Genesis, you suck.
If you don't happen to own a Genesis and you do have a SNES, you can go ahead and just
get on SNES.
Or if you have a Saturn, especially a Japanese Saturn, they released two collections called
Thunder Force Gold Pack 1 and Thunder Force Gold Pack 2 that had all the various Thunder
Force games on them.
I remember you trying to play this on the Nomad and yelling at it.
I beat the crap out of this game on the Nomad.
I know, but you were like, the bullets are small!
Well, the problem with any shooter on a handheld system is that bullets are extremely small.
And in Thunder Force, even on a full-sized screen, the backgrounds move so much that
you tend to lose the bullets and then you just have these phantom decks.
And when you die, you lose the weapon that you collected.
And it's not as big a disaster as it is in like Gradius when you die, you know, you don't
start from zero, but if you really like the Hunter or Wave weapons and you get hit and
lose them, then you have to, you know, soldier through without them until you get another
Wave weapon.
This level pisses me off.
You guys should be able to see this, because this level is totally sweet.
Well, how about if someone reminds me, I will repost it to our Tumblr.
To your thing.
I'll put it on our Tumblr.
You'll tumble it.
I feel like they're flying through the first level of Castlevania X.
Yeah, except for like this game came out like four years before Castlevania Dracula XX,
the Rondo of Blood.
That's pretty cool though, but yeah, I completely suck at this game by one minute.
I've tried.
It's really not that hard of, there's way, way more difficult shooters.
I can definitely one credit it, if not one life at any rate.
Well, I think our type is harder.
Oh, our type is blisteringly difficult compared to Thunder Force.
Like the first time you play Thunder Force III, you think, oh, it's fast and difficult,
but the weapons are awesome.
When you get a powered up ship, if you're not really lame, you know, it's hard to die.
Our type is just really easy to die.
Yeah.
The difference is our type is like a thinking man shooter.
It's slow and it's all about positioning the ship and, you know, handling the obstacles
correctly.
Thunder Force is much more of a twitch shooter.
Yeah, I see that.
Well, how about some boss music before we go to break?
I don't care.
Play whatever you want.
Shoot, shoot, bang, bang, pew, pew, lasers, pew, pew.
And that is our classic game of the week.
My classic game of the week.
Thunder Force III on Genesis slash micro drive slash Genesis and the SNES and the arcade.
And you could also play it on the Saturn.
Yeah, all that too.
All right.
Well, guess what?
That's the end of part A and I'm going to do the ritual saving of part A now so stay
tuned.
I will keep you occupied with Mega Man music.
This is the part where we sacrifice a goat.
No.
Well, as long as we get to make some curry out of it later.
Take that, goat.
Okay.
Everyone, stay tuned.
And we are back from our break.
Thank you for sticking with us.
This is of course Orange Lounge Radio and as I said before at beginning of part A, Rob
is gone.
He's at Disneyland.
We locked him in the firehouse in Walt's bedroom and we've taken over.
So it is me tonight, DarkSakura, Loki, and that dude that I picked up on the internet,
Dan.
The notorious D-A-N.
What what?
What?
What?
Hearts.
What?
Hi.
Hi.
Yeah, that's Dan.
I married him.
I get to live with that.
I love you.
Anyway.
Oh, sure.
Yeah, sure.
So how about we just go ahead and get into rapid fire news?
Yes, let's.
Let's talk about some of the money stuff.
Yeah.
Yes.
Dance Dance Revolution is not gone.
Surprisingly, actually, they keep announcing more tracks for Dance Dance Revolution 2, a
game that's coming out on the Wii, actually in a couple weeks here.
So the fourth song reveal set here, let's go down the list.
We've got Dazzlin Darlin by HHH.
Also the Dazzlin Darlin AKBK mix, remix by DJ Command, whoever the hell that is.
Pop by DJ Taka featuring Kanako Hoshino.
Fire Fire by Stripe Gold- That's an awesome name.
Fire Fire.
Fire Fire.
Gold Rush by DJ Yoshitaka-G featuring Michael Alamode.
May by Amuro vs. Killer.
Second Heaven by Ryustar.
She is My Wife by Superstar Mitsuro.
Smooch by Korskay.
Vanessa by Suzaku.
And Yellow Candy by Wrist Junk and Zetta- I love the name of this one- Zetta, The World
of Prime Numbers and Transcendental Being by Zettbach.
And I'm very surprised to see actually a lot of Japanese tracks in Dance Dance Revolution
too.
I mean, you might actually have to check that out, I mean with all the songs that they're
putting in there.
It's amazing considering it's from Japan.
But they don't always get licensed in- Not the US version, so see these games, they're
coming out, they usually tend to put a lot of licensed stuff in weird old shit.
But it's very surprising.
Also- Does it have Boom Boom Dollar?
I don't know, I haven't looked at the other ones.
If it doesn't, then fuck it.
Then of course also Dance Dance Revolution X2 Max, they've got the unlocked code, which
is unintentionally released, apparently when you name your web pages sequentially, people
are gonna figure out, hey, maybe if I change that two to a three, I'm gonna figure out
what the next code is.
And that's exactly what happened.
So apparently the code unlocks the last few songs, which include Poseidon Chorus K Mix
by Niope Underground, Kiss Kiss Kiss the AKBK Mix, remixed by DJ Command, Dazzlin Darlin
the AKBK Mix, remixed by DJ Command, also from Dance Dance Revolution 2 there.
If you were here, the LED G style remix by Jennifer, Kimono Princess by Jun, looks like
Roppongi Evolved by Tag Underground, Antimatter by Orbit 1 and Milo, New Decade by Soda F,
Possession by Tag Underground, Valkyrie Dimension by Spriggan, May by Amuro vs. the Killer,
Pluto the First by Whitewall, and also the weirdly titled Zetta, The World of Prime Numbers
and Transcendental Beans by Zetbach and Vanessa by Suzaku.
Something called Valkyrie Dimension by Spriggan actually just sounds kinda cool.
I was gonna say what, no dropout, but now I'm just wanting to see what Valkyrie Dimension
by Spriggan is.
Yeah, lots of cool songs, and of course, based on the last list we just read there, a lot
of these can be featured in Dance Dance Revolution 2, so it might be worth checking out.
And I mean, let's just put it this way, if you don't check it out right away, I can guarantee
that the game will probably price drop pretty quick anyways, and it's actually not that
expensive going into it, so you know, it might not hurt to check it out.
After all these bundles nowadays on the Wii, like the same price as a Playstation 2 DDR
game back in the day, so, you know, 50 bucks will get you a dance pad for the Wii and the
game.
Zeta pointed out that Soda Fujimori also did an awesome Gradius Chance Mix.
Yeah.
So, just thought that was interesting.
That is interesting.
All right, and then a little bit of music news here, ReRave, you may remember that game
as a pretty awesome iOS game, rhythm music stuff, a little bit of Elite Beat Agents in
there with some other stuff, of course being put together by Step Evolution's Kyle Ward
and Chris Foy.
It is now heading to the arcades, and in fact, the original design, and you can actually
see this in the YouTube video that they first put up, actually did call for some sort of
like dance mat control type thing, not sure if that's actually going to be included with
it, but it's going to include a 42-inch multiplayer touchscreen with a global interactive ranking
network according to the press release, and it'd be interesting to see if that actually
is going to include, you know, the dance pad or whatever stage, but it is coming to arcades
rather soon.
Also, Song Pack 15 is out on iOS, including Pegasus by When Machines Dream, and also Rock
Robotic by When Dreams Machine, or When Machines Dream, When Dreams Machine, but those are
coming out, actually you can get those right now on the iOS.
Now, 15 Song Packs, that's just ridiculous.
That's a lot more than Konami ever did on any of their Dance Dance Revolution, you know,
mixes recently.
Alas, well how about something that has nothing to do with DDR?
So remember back in 2008, Ubisoft announced that they were going to make a game called
I Am Alive, which was like a survival horror game where you're in like a city where there'd
been a giant earthquake or a tsunami or something that just obliterated it, and you're trying
to survive both against, you know, other people and, you know, a hostile environment and save
people and survive.
Yeah, that game isn't dead.
They're actually just about to release it.
It's going to come out this winter.
Really?
Really.
Wow, you don't say.
I was amazed when I saw the story.
I was like, really?
Isn't this like three or four years old?
I thought that it was, for some reason I remember that being like a PS1 game.
It's not even that old.
I mean, it was probably a couple of years ago, because originally it was-
It was 2008.
Really?
I thought it was 2009, because I thought that originally it was supposed to be coming out
in March, and then it got pushed back again.
But maybe that's March of last year.
I just remember that it's like every time they started talking about that game, there
was some sort of catastrophe in the world, and they were like, oh, you'd be insensitive
to release this game now.
Oh, come on.
But I guess that- let me finish.
But I guess that really what it comes down to is just that the developer couldn't get
the game finished, and Ubisoft was like, okay, we'll give you more time.
Okay, work on something else instead.
And just, it's been back-burnered this whole time.
So, if you really want to play like a three and a half year old survival horror game,
because you know how great that's going to be, watch for it to be hitting shelves before
Christmas.
Actually, not shelves at all.
Oh, is it a download?
It's going to be a downloadable game.
Download it off the internet before Christmas.
But see, that's great though, because it's not going to be like, you know, fifty bucks
or thirty bucks.
It's going to be fifteen.
I can deal with fifteen.
Okay.
They should just give it away at this point.
Really?
Yes.
I agree.
Free would be perfect.
They'd probably sell a few copies.
It might be awesome.
You know, I'll reserve judgement on this awesomeness.
You know what they need to do because of Ubisoft?
The cause of the disaster was the Rabbids.
Released Beyond Good and Evil 2?
The Rabbids.
Like you pick up a rock and it's like, AHHH!
You're like, oh my god!
Look out!
It's going to kill me!
The zombie Rabbid.
And then they'll make a movie out of it and Ubisoft will get out of some of the financial
trouble.
I'm surprised.
I thought that was actually supposed to be a series that was like a primetime comedy
series with the Rabbids, but they haven't done it yet.
They're kind of, you know, a one-joke character.
Who cares?
There's a lot of one-joke characters that still have movie after movie after movie.
Yeah?
I mean, you know, if you're talking about like, well, let's see, any of the dog movies
that they have, like Beethoven and they made 8,000-
Yeah, yeah, that's true, because they keep making fucking penguin movies.
Penguins, yes.
It's like, oh dear god!
Disclaimer, this was supposed to be rapid fire news, everybody.
Okay, uh, shut up.
Hey!
You shut up.
I'm the boss tonight.
No you're not.
To rapid fire onto the next news story, yeah.
You like Rock Band, you like Limp Bizkit, oh, nobody likes Limp Bizkit.
Well, if you want to spend ten bucks, you can get, I guess seven bucks if you want to
do it as a package, you can get four Limp Bizkit songs in your Rock Band.
Gold Cobra, Nookie, My Way, and Rearranged.
Plus, they're going to get you for an extra buck if you want pro guitar or bass.
Goody goody gumdrops.
And in some actually valuable news, the PS3 plays Blu-rays, plays games, it's okay, wait,
it's going to validate its existence, because now you can get Chrono Trigger on PSN.
There's nothing wrong with another version of Chrono Trigger.
I can't think of one bad thing about being able to get Chrono Trigger on the PS3.
They could charge 50 bucks for it, and it would still be worth the money.
I ain't saying you should spend 50 bucks on Chrono Trigger, but if you did, I wouldn't
be like, you're high!
I'd be like, high five, Chrono Trigger kicks ass.
We should actually play our SNES one again.
Yes.
Yes.
Well, here's some news, this kind of no one cur, but Harvest Moon is going to have a partner
with a farm.
It's actually the Surrey Docks Farm.
So they're basically going to actually link the virtual environment to the real Surrey
Docks Farm.
So it's official, and that's coming from Gary Jones, who is the farm manager there.
He said, we got along really well with the team, and we're very impressed with the Harvest
Moon games, since then we stayed in touch and will be looking to work together on future
titles.
So they are merging real farming with virtual farming.
So when you go to milk your cute little cow, somebody's going to be milking a not so cute
little, not so little, but cute cow, I guess.
So yeah.
Farm twinning.
And when they run into that tainted beef, you will also get that tainted beef.
And Frozen Synapse is a, has a new ha- is bluh bluh bluh, and you know, I would like
to be able to speak English without going bluh.
Bluh!
Shut up.
Bluh!
Bluh!
Bluh!
You are not the count.
Frozen Synapse is going to star in a new Humble Indie Bundle.
Yay!
We know what the Humble Indie Bundle is, don't we, Dan?
I have no idea what you're talking about.
That where you pay what you want, and the money gets donated.
I remember reading about that.
Didn't like the first time they did that, like 70% of the people just stole the game
anyway?
No.
I don't think so.
I think that they can pay a lot of money off of it.
Yeah.
And it's all, it's all gone to, you know, good causes.
So anyway.
Um, Frozen Synapse is going to be included in the bundle, and uh, if you pay more than
the average price, which is more than $4.27, you also can get, um, Humble Frozen Bite Bundle,
which actually includes, uh, Trine Shadowground, Shadowground Survivor, and the cancelled Jack
Claw prototype, and pre-order the coming Splott.
The money will go to Child's Play and the Electronic Frontier Foundation as you choose.
So pretty cool, huh?
Pretty cool.
Pretty cool.
And also, uh, Frozen Synapse is, uh, included on Linux, so that's pretty neat.
And last but never least, Persona 4!
For all you people who like that weird game, um, there's going to be an anime version that's
coming out in the US.
And it is, uh, going to be, uh, released in North America and have digital distribution.
The DVD and Blu-ray version are going to be out next year, and it premieres in Japan on
October 6th.
You know, I was completely unaware until I was actually doing a search for, um, I was
looking up an item for the new Professor Layton game coming out, and the Professor Layton
anime movie is actually coming out over here in November.
Really?
That's cool.
Which is kind of interesting.
Well, something that, uh, fans of the series should be interested in too is it's actually
got the same art director and the composer, um, Shigenori Soijima and Shouji Meguro.
So pretty cool.
Have you seen that Konami has, like, a really blatant ripoff of Professor Layton?
Yes.
Uh, Dr. Lorick and the something or other.
I don't remember what it was.
I'm going to try to find it.
When I first saw it, I was really excited because I thought it was a, uh, a sequel to
that doctor.
Yeah.
Dr. Lorick.
Whatever.
I thought it was a sequel to that, uh, what was it called?
Like Henry Hatsworth?
Yeah.
Yeah.
It was like a side scrolling game that, you know, I played in the store.
The guys, everyone was playing in the store and they're just like, you got to try this
game when I try this game.
Your copy is sitting over there on my desk.
This game is fucking amazing.
And uh, I saw that and I saw this, this professor allow track and I was like, oh my God, is
it a sequel to that?
No, no.
It's a Professor Layton ripoff.
A really obvious one too.
Like the guy looks like if he walked up to Professor Layton, they would just be like,
what up?
Hey, what's going on?
And the guy would like twirl his mustache cause he's evil.
Okay.
Remember when they made like cool original games?
No.
Didn't they make Frogger at one time?
They made Frogger.
They made Gradius.
They made Castlevania.
What the hell?
Okay.
Let's do another Frogger game for the 3DS.
Whoa, hold on.
Why are you doing Frogger for the 3DS first?
Gradius for the 3DS would be perfect.
Dude, they should do Solar Assault for the 3DS.
Solar Assault was a 3D Gradius.
How about Why Why Konami World?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why Why Konami's Why Why Racing?
Ha ha ha.
That game was awesome.
I know.
I don't know.
They just...
Oh, was that supposed to be the next story anyway?
I think that was actually Loki's turn.
I have no idea.
I'm ready.
So let's talk a little bit about Nielsen ratings.
I don't agree with them.
In fact, they have tapped what they call the top 10 anticipated games for 2011, for the
fourth quarter.
I'm sorry, but there's a few things missing and a few things I don't agree on.
So let's go down the list real quick and I can point that stuff out.
Of course, not very obvious, I'm sure.
Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3 is number one.
That makes sense.
That's probably the biggest title this year.
Number two, and actually this is the top 20 to watch for the holiday of 2011, Gears of
War 3.
Granted, yes, that's probably a good game.
I'm not sure if it's a hugely anticipated game, and this is what they're guessing are
going to be the top five titles of the year.
Madden NFL 12, that's a no brainer, usually the number one sports game each year.
Assassin's Creed Revelations, also kind of a no brainer, kind of expect that to do pretty
well.
Batman Arkham City, I can see that.
The Legend of Zelda Skyward Sword, yeah, that makes sense.
Battlefield 3, of course, it's going to be a pretty big title.
Just Dance 3, yeah, on the Wii perhaps, I can see that.
NBA 2K12, also another good franchise.
Game for Speed the Run usually does pretty well.
Uncharted 3, Mario and Sonic at the London 2012 Olympic Games, being that that's only
on the Wii, I don't know, it's a pretty good third party title for them.
Lego Harry Potter years five through seven.
FIFA Soccer 12, The Elder Scrolls Skyrim, see that's why I understand, The Elder Scrolls
Skyrim is so down that list.
That I would see doing a lot better than what they're saying.
Dead Island did really well, I could see that maybe being a little higher up the list.
Kinect Sports Season 2, now this is where I got to stop them.
Yeah the first one did well, but I don't think the second one is going to sell that well
at all.
Also they have Dance Central 2 on the list, yes, I would hope that the second game will
do just as well as the first game, but I don't think that it's going to.
Resistance 3, that's a pretty good first party title for Sony.
And finally, Deus Ex Human Revolution.
Where the fuck is Saints Row the Third on this list?
That game is going to do immensely well, but it's just sadly missing.
Or there's like a bunch of other games that could be on this list that they're completely
overlooking.
No one cares about the Nilsons anyway.
Yeah I mean, they're just guessing what's going to be in the top five.
Nilsons don't even want to acknowledge that Saints Row the Third is going to exist.
Let's be honest though.
Stick to TV Nilsons.
Where the fuck is Grand Theft Auto 5?
It's not coming out for a while.
Yeah I know.
I mean I want to play Saints Row the Third because I want to play Grand Theft Auto 5.
I just really really want to.
Well Grand Theft Auto 5 will probably be out by about a year's time.
I mean because they've already got their first half of 2012 already kind of spoken for.
With Max Payne 3 and XCOM I believe are going to be the two games that, well no actually
XCOM is 2K but not Rockstar but Max Payne 3 I know is their spring title.
Have you seen the trailer for Max Payne 3?
It started off and I was really stoked because he had hair.
And then he shaved his head and I was like god damn it Max Payne looks stupid bald.
It just really bothers me.
Is it just because he didn't want to render hair or something like that?
I don't know.
It's like when Snake was old in Metal Gear Solid 4 that just pissed me off.
But then they made it so I could make him look young and I liked playing with him again.
I hate it when they make my game heroes look stupid.
He did have the Burt Reynolds stash.
Oh the Burt Reynolds stash was cool.
But yeah I mean they've got Max Payne 3 I know is coming and Agent is supposed to be
the other thing that they're working on right now.
But Agent got cancelled like a long time ago.
No it's still coming.
Like I am alive ago.
Yeah but L.A. Noire that was also thought to be cancelled for a long time and then eventually
came out.
Grand Theft Auto 5 I could see probably fourth quarter next year.
Agent could make me wait for Grand Theft Auto 5 if it's good.
I'm really excited about the possibility of Agent being good.
L.A. Noire was awesome.
Red Dead Redemption was awesome.
You know if they keep bringing me other games to keep me busy I could like wait for GTA
5.
But it's like seriously I've been dying just to go back and replay the lost and damned.
They don't understand how easy it is for them to in the meantime do something.
Look at this trend that's going on right now with all these HD remakes of older games.
Just take Grand Theft Auto 3 San Andreas San Andreas especially San Andreas.
You know give it some HD graphics add multiplayer boom.
Who gives a shit about Grand Theft Auto 5.
I would pay for those two games just to be imported into the Grand Theft Auto 4 engine.
And they've done that.
That and that's all they would have to do.
But I mean commercially not not as a mod but commercially if they did those games in Grand
Theft Auto 4 style I would die.
But that's I would pay full price for the remake.
I would know you have a mod team of like maybe five people that did it in a couple months.
What's it going to what's going to happen when you have Rockstar that has the fucking
tools to make these games.
They have all the assets to make these games.
How long is it going to take a team of like you know.
It's like printing fucking money.
It's like making your own money for God's sakes.
Just release them.
Give them to me and I will give you my money.
It wouldn't take that much.
And seriously they could just piggyback it on the rage engine.
Don't have to really tweak anything just piggybacking on what it is now.
And people would eat that shit.
You're talking like Game of the Year.
You're getting to the point where these games.
I mean not that not that it's ever going to be you know irrelevant in the video game world.
But GTA is kind of losing its relevance because Call of Duty has taken over so big and and
people are playing other things and you haven't heard from Grand Theft Auto which was at one
time the dominator of the game world.
And it's just like where is it at.
God damn it.
I can't wait.
But it's starting to piss me off.
See them do an HD San Andreas and it would make sense.
It would be amazing just to do that.
Because it's great but it's really hard for me to go backwards.
Like I had a hard time going back.
I mean I played through San Andreas after I played through GTA 4 while I was waiting
for the episodes from Liberty City Pack and then I was like well screw this I'll go back
now and I'll play Vice City and I couldn't do it.
It's just too funky.
You know the games the old Grand Theft Auto games were great games for their moment but
now they just they don't look very good they don't control very good other than like using
cheat codes and running around and just doing messed up stuff.
They're not really cool.
But you can still go back and play like GTA 4 because GTA 4's got a really good physics
engine.
You know the driving controls are.
But you know it's just it's more fun to run around in.
But there's just not as much shit to do as there was in San Andreas.
GTA 5.
It's like printing money.
Is it?
Yes.
Okay.
I believe you.
Sort of.
Is there more?
Battlefield 3.
That's almost like printing money.
Huh Dan?
Oh yeah.
Is that my story?
Yes.
Yay.
Battlefield 3.
Yeah.
Speaking of printing money.
Man.
Everyone is losing their minds for Battlefield 3.
Honestly I'm not even following games that close and I keep hearing about it.
Well apparently EA in addition to just paying an ass load of money to once again take a
shot at knocking off Call of Duty has decided that it's going to have a Battlefield 3 worldwide
conquest tournament in early 2012 with 1.6 million dollars in prizes.
That is a lot of prizes.
Have you checked out the beta yet?
It's free to download now.
I have not checked out the beta yet.
I'm not really that into FPS's.
It takes a very special FPS.
I did play.
Where was the last Battlefield I played?
Bad Company 2.
And I actually dug the hell out of that.
So I always want to check out the battlefields but they never hooked me honestly.
I hate to admit this but I played through the first two Modern Warfares and I want to
play through the third Modern Warfare.
I just don't want to pay for it because I think Activision needs to be beat to death
with a bag of rocks for how hard they fucked Infinity Ward.
So I don't know.
I'm caught between a rock and a hard place.
I'd rather give Microsoft my money by that Halo remake.
So we'll see what happens.
I'm sure I'll give my hands on it somehow.
Possibly.
We'll see.
Anyways, if you kick ass at Battlefield 3, enter this tournament, win some money, and
hook me up for nothing.
How about some frivolous lawsuits, huh?
And how?
Ultimate Pointer has filed patent lawsuits against Nintendo and a damn near bunch of
everybody else for its, and I quote, easy deployable interactive direct appointing system
and presentation control system and calibration method therefore.
I call it my finger.
Yeah.
But they filed their patent in May of 2005.
Although it didn't receive an official status until June 2010, which is four years after
the Wii came out, in the US anyway.
And they're also suing basically everyone that works with the Wii, like anyone who's
done games for the Wii.
In fact, it's included retailers who are also involved too in making, using, importing,
and or selling of Wii systems, games, and related accessories.
Also called the accused products.
Ooh.
This'll get thrown out.
Yeah, this is gonna get completely pissed on by.
Big deal that you submitted your application prior, and why did it take them five years
is what I want to know, you know, to approve their application for their patent or whatever.
But regardless of that, they, they didn't get it approved in time and Nintendo had the
first patent.
So.
Yeah.
Well, they're also including like QVC and Tiger Direct, but not Amazon or Newegg.
So just pick places at random that sell it.
Cause I know that Amazon would just squash them.
Yeah.
Like Nintendo won't.
Oh, QVC.
I mean, even.
But they're asking, asking that Nintendo of America pay a reasonable royalty due to the
alleged infringement.
Isn't QVC the home shopping channel?
Yes, it is.
You ever see the video where the guy was washing the windows and he fell off the ladder?
I saw the one where the guy broke a TV with the Wiimote.
That's a good one too.
Yeah.
Watch the QVC video where the guy, he's like up in the, up in the background demonstrating
like this ladder and he just falls right off it.
It's awesome.
People hurting themselves on QVC is cool.
I'm glad you think so.
Well, how about some FUs of the Week, huh?
Because I think that we're angsty people.
My FU of the week goes towards hotels near Disneyland for not being cheaper.
FU goes to the Superwoman at Subway who doesn't understand how to put together a stand-up
drop.
Or take instructions.
Or turkey.
Or give you a cup of Uncharted 3 demo on it.
I want an FU to Ultimate Pointer.
Fuck those guys.
Fuck them right in the ear.
Yeah.
Fuck them.
Fuck them.
Okay.
We really got our angst up quickly, didn't we?
I guess we're not all that pissed because we don't have Rob's soothing voice here to
keep us happy, huh?
Fuck Rob for that.
You know what?
Fuck that guy.
You like Rob.
And fuck the people who keep making Penguin movies too.
God damn.
I was at the movie theater the other day and I mean I was there to see The Lion King 3D
so you'd expect that I'm gonna see this but I saw the commercial for Happy Feet 2 fucking
twice and once was enough.
Dear God.
Did it really need a sequel?
Fuck Penguin movies.
So do we have any more news, Loki?
Fucking Penguin movies.
Yes.
In fact, I'm gonna talk a little bit and since we normally try to put a dirty story towards
the end of all of our shows or at least I try to put a dirty story at the end of all
of our shows, we're gonna talk a little bit about pornography because that's fun.
So there's this new video, I guess if you will, called Geek Girls the Gamers and of
course it is one of these genre porn videos that they're aiming towards people that play
video games because you know, guys that play video games, they like watching pornography.
I mean that kind of goes hand in hand.
Of course, you know, they've got a few people in there that they're claiming, oh I love
games and stuff like that but then they've got actually some hardcore people that have
you know, the Zelda tattoos and button tattoos and all crazy shit like that which is a little
bit more believable but like, you know, rather than the one time my boyfriend played a game
and it was just fun.
Anyways, so yeah, if you're interested, it is coming out quite soon from New Sensations
and it's Geek Girls the Gamers, yes if that's not ridiculous enough like the Playboy spreads
that they do.
But this at least has actual people in it instead of you know, Photoshop, CG, fake characters
that are topless.
Kids like boobs, especially nursing children.
Yeah.
Remember BMX Triple X?
Yes!
That game was awesomely bad.
It was awesome!
No, no, no, it was awesomely bad.
It was like Dave Mira freestyle BMX 2 but you could be naked.
But no, it was an awesome game because, not necessarily because of that, because of all
the missions that they would give you like, you would have to, it's like ridiculous shit
like okay, you're gonna have to pull off some tricks to get this dog horny so they'll go
fuck another dog.
That's literally one of the missions in the first level of the game.
That is like one of like the first missions.
And then another one where you have to deliver, you know, hose to, you know, their clients
using your bike.
On the back of your bike.
I remember that one.
On the back of your BMX bike.
You know what was great about that?
Just go to the cheat code, enter champagne room, and then you can watch all the titty
videos.
It's that simple.
There you go.
And then you could go play Matt Hoffman because Matt Hoffman was just a better game.
I liked that game.
I thought it was pretty good.
It was ironic though that the PlayStation 2 and GameCube versions were uncensored but,
or it was like the Xbox and GameCube versions were uncensored.
But the...
I don't know about the GameCube version.
I know that they, I know that they gave me like an Xbox version.
The GameCube one was uncensored because that's what I had it on.
And they did some like girl family sue after the fact because she was, no that was...
Dave Mira Sue.
Girls Gone Wild.
No, that was the um...
That was the Girls Gone Wild, wasn't it?
The guy game.
What was it?
Yeah.
I don't even remember him being sued.
It was just that some underage girl managed to sneak into it.
And then they were like, you can't sell that game anymore.
I'm like, that's fine.
We weren't selling it to start with.
So one more story and then we're going to open up the Skyplane.
Sounds good.
Oh sure.
So apparently Microsoft is looking into auto mature filtering options.
I don't really understand what I'm reading here.
I guess they did it a while ago where you can go ahead and set the games up so they
won't be quite as mature.
Which I think honestly is a pretty decent idea.
Because you know, you really want to make Gears of War a little warmer and more cuddly
so your eight year old can play it.
Really?
They ought to make that game two ways.
Violent and ultra violent.
Now this is not part of a show rule but did you notice there was a story this week someone
that actually built a full size Lancer out of Legos.
It's like really?
That dude is my hero.
And it works.
We were a two Lancer family at one time.
No no, not Mitsubishi Lancer you dork.
The gun from Gears of War.
I know I was being silly.
I'm opening the Skyplane now because I'm tired of listening to Dan.
You live with me.
You have to listen to me all the time.
I could just go back to Rob's house.
Kijuto brings up, they were talking about Road Rash real quick.
That was one of those games, remember it was the Burnout team, Criterion I think was actually
going to put out a new version.
Oh my god, that would be amazing.
The video was fucking amazing.
You said they were going to or they are going to.
Why would they not do that?
They work for EA.
This needs to happen.
Does anybody know someone at EA?
Yes.
For the record.
It's like don't have them make more Need for Speeds.
For god sakes, have Criterion make a Road Rash.
In fact, fuck that noise.
Why isn't Criterion making a new Burnout?
So the Skyplane is open, the number is 1-877-GAME-OLR or see us on Skype at Orange Lounge Radio.
Because we're awesome.
Until then, I'm going to read some of our very few tinky Twitter topics.
But I don't want to use whatever song that, oh we actually have a caller.
So I will answer this first.
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Hey, it's CD Thunder.
Hi CD Thunder, what do you have for us today?
I have a couple things to discuss tonight.
Okay.
I, first off, I'd like to talk a little bit about Contra.
Okay.
Contra is so awesome.
I've played the first Contra a little bit, but I just wanted to actually get your guys'
opinions on Contra.
Contra is if you really hate yourself and want to be defeated at every turn.
Yeah, I mean, it was really hard because I couldn't even get past the first level without
dying like five or six times.
Practice.
Contra is not very difficult.
Well, it's only hard, it's not hard if you know how to play it.
I really don't know how.
So what was your other topic?
Play the Contra on the Super NES.
Say what?
What was your second topic?
Oh, it's about Metal Slug.
I love Metal Slug.
I like Camel Slug.
Saw the Orange Sons Radio YouTube video that showed the inside of your vault.
And I noticed they had a copy of Metal Slug Anthology.
Yes, we do.
Indeed.
And a bunch of other different Metal Slugs somewhere on various things.
Ironically, not my own, no Metal Slug for the actual Neo Geo.
Metal Slug, I really like that.
I mean, it's really basic.
All you do is you have a character and you go around killing people.
I mean, how can it get any more basic?
Do you have a copy of Metal Slug Anthology?
No, I don't actually.
You shouldn't get one.
It's really epic.
It's worth owning if you're a fan of run and gun games.
Basically all the Contras, all the Metal Slugs are just the best run and gun games you can
get.
You know, if you go out and buy them and play them, you will be happy.
And happiness is what you want, right?
Yeah, pretty much.
Happiness in game form.
Kill all who oppose you.
Words to live by.
Yeah.
Got anything else for us tonight?
Yeah, a couple last minute things.
Okay.
I'd like to talk about two of my favorite games to play in the arcade.
How about one of your favorite games, because we've got to let other callers come in.
Okay, one of my favorite arcade games to play was, I'm not sure if you've heard of this
one, it's called CarnEvil.
Yes, I know CarnEvil.
That game was awful.
That game sucks balls.
Why don't you like it?
I liked it.
Because it was awful.
It's just real.
It's a gun game.
It wasn't very challenging either.
It wasn't a good gun game.
And I hate clowns.
Well, for me, it wasn't.
For other people, it wasn't.
But I'm glad that you like it.
But it was very gory.
It's very popular.
That's all I really remember.
You see those machines everywhere.
I think that I hate clowns so much that I didn't even enjoy shooting them.
You love clowns.
Shut up.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, I can understand that.
Yeah.
All right, well, thanks for giving us a call today, CD Thunder.
All right, thank you.
I'm going.
Thanks for listening.
Thank you.
All right.
So I sent Jamie real quick, because I know this is going to make amazing radio, that
trailer for the new Road Rash game.
It's a pre-visual thing that this guy is working on.
Dude, so we have a bike, and the life bar is a chain going to the deformed skull.
Dude, that dude kicked a van.
Now, kick him.
Kick him.
Kick him.
Kick him.
Kick him.
In the face.
Oh, oh, dude, he's grappling him.
Oh, you should have pushed him into that car.
I would buy like five copies of this.
Oh, gato.
Oh, you can see that some of the cars are untextured, so yeah.
Well, yeah, it's all free bits.
Yeah, the whole world's untextured.
Unless he's riding a bicycle.
That's pretty cool.
All right, well, hey, we got another call today.
So we're going to put this up on our tumbler, how's that sound?
I detect so much madness.
Hello, this is Orange Jones Radio, who's this?
Hey, it's the one and only Ronma.
Ron.
Hi.
How are you?
Good.
I'm doing good.
How about you?
I'm kind of wishing Rob was here.
Now, before I continue, I have to tell everyone in the chat room, take two drinks.
Why?
Well, there is a drinking game where everyone has to do like one or two shots when I call
in, so.
Oh, yeah.
Well, we've got apple wine.
Does that count?
Good enough.
Okay.
Well, no, I think I've got like some vodka left over from three years ago.
I don't think so.
I had a bottle of root beer flavored vodka in my cabinet, went looking for it the other
day and it was empty and I realized my other friend who was the local Jack Daniels guy
drank it.
Fucking lush.
Fun.
And for the record, we do have that vanilla vodka on top of the fridge that I got for
the party and no one ever opened, like my birthday three years ago.
What?
Nice.
It's still there?
Okay.
So, hi.
What's up?
I think I drank that when you weren't looking.
You don't drink.
I drink the shit out of that vodka.
I was like, clang.
He has, if he had one shot, he would be red in the face and sitting on the couch falling
asleep.
That's not true.
That is, okay, two shots.
Oh, probably wouldn't even take one.
See?
So, Dan's a lush?
No.
Dan's not.
Jamie's a lush.
Dan's not a very good alcoholic.
Well, Jamie, you and Patty would have fun together.
I'd like to come out to your neck of the woods and go drinking with you and Patty.
That means y'all will be raiding my liquor cabinet.
Not that I would be complaining.
Oh my God, no.
You'd be contributing to your liquor cabinet and getting you good beer.
See, that's why I have parties, to get rid of the alcohol.
At the end of the night, I open up the cab and I'm like, where did all of this come from?
Well, that's why for my birthday I have the beer potluck.
Ah.
Mm.
So, so how about the show so far, huh?
So far, so good.
I give it three out of four train wrecks.
Okay.
So we're not a derpisode fully?
We're a minor derp.
Far from derp.
What are you talking about?
That's my podcast.
We're the derpy ones.
We can derail under five minutes.
Any show that I appear on for the whole show is immediately awesome.
I've just been letting them get out there testosteroneing, so it's been cool.
Fair enough.
So what else is on your mind?
Well, I think it was last weekend, I believe, it was me, Patty, and Ziba.
We went down to the Jersey Shore as Ziba played us to a classic arcade.
Really?
Oh, so cool.
Yeah.
So what all did they have in the classic arcade?
Like, were there tons of pins?
Quit acting like you care about classic arcade games.
There were some.
I think I sent you a couple of pictures.
I did.
They're set up.
What did you play?
I...
Okay, what did you play?
Okay, I played Super Mario Brothers.
Oh, nice.
First, the Super Mario Brothers is a cool machine.
Yeah.
I was kind of pissed that there was no gauntlet machine, because I put quarters in it like
nobody else's business.
That and Ninja Turtles.
Yeah, those are both really good.
Sweet.
They're much, much better if you have friends, though.
Four player gauntlet, I could spend like five bucks on without even realizing that I did
it.
Yeah.
You just never wanted to quit playing.
As long as your friends were still in it.
I would give other people quarters so that they would keep playing.
That was what it was like playing Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, though.
You know, when you were close to the end of the game and you really wanted to make it.
It's like, here, take my tokens.
Cool.
Ninja Turtles, though, got harder when you had more people.
It was great.
Gauntlet actually got easier.
You could last longer.
Oh, you got me thinking of Gauntlet 2 for Nintendo.
I thought I had beat that game.
After 150 levels, I said, the hell with it and walked away.
You know, I never got Gauntlet 2 on the NES, and I really wish that I had, because it's
actually kind of a cool little version.
I do have Gauntlet 4 for the Genesis, which is basically Gauntlet 1 for the Genesis, and
it's got a quest mode, and it's actually four players if you have a multitap, but I've never
managed to get four people on it at once.
It's one of the failures of my life.
Well, I can get you a copy of Gauntlet 2.
That's not too hard.
I don't really need one at this point.
I'm just saying, I never picked it up back in the day, and watching videos and stuff
of it later on, I kind of wish that I had, because it looks like it was pretty choice.
Indeed it was.
I wish I had picked up the strategy guide for it.
Oh, well.
It is what it is.
So, there were pinball tables there, though, right?
Yes.
One of my friends, Ari, he was playing pinball while I was chucking quarters into a theater
of magic machine.
Theater of magic is awesome.
And then I left that, and I went to play this large, old-school Atari pinball machine.
Was it Hercules?
Yes, it was.
Yes.
Ah.
Someone in chat mentioned Hercules.
I've never played a Hercules machine.
I've seen the back glass, for one.
It took me five minutes, like five tries to figure out how to play this stupid thing,
because I'm pulling it back thinking all I got to do is send it forward.
No, I got to push back and shove it forth like a plunger to send the ball rolling.
Well, that sounds like, you know, something just makes me think that I have seen one before,
though, at one of the pinball.
Didn't they have one at one of the pinball things we went to, Dan?
I thought that they did.
Did they have a Hercules?
I don't think.
No, they just had that giant-
It was just a giant mockup.
Yeah, that used a pool cue, a cue ball for the pin, for the pinball.
It's kind of funny.
That sounds pretty cool.
It was pretty cool, but it got boring after five minutes, because I could not reach from
one side to the other very easily, because my short arms.
So anything else, like how classic was classic, was it just like that 80s era, or did it get
into the later 90s, or was it just like early 80s to mid-90s?
The only machine in this one section that was current was a DDR Max II machine.
Oh, you can't have an arcade without a DDR, shoved in the summer.
Everything else was just pure 80s, there was a Tapper machine, there was Frogger, no Super
Sprint, there was Iron Man off-road floating around there, too.
Hey, cool.
Well, that's pretty awesome.
I'm going to have to check that place out if I can ever get to your neck of the woods.
Well, I think I have a large enough box to ship you in.
I'm fragile.
I will make sure of that.
Fragile.
Well, I'll think about it.
Let me wait until this semester's over, and then I'll see if I can be shipped.
Fair enough.
I think Patty would love that, because she's about to spaz at her job, so...
I've been hearing.
Yeah, she's now an assistant manager.
I feel very sorry for her.
That makes two of us.
Yeah.
Well, you got anything else for us tonight?
Um...
Actually, no, that's it.
All right.
Well...
Ronma, before you go, I want you to do something for me.
That being?
That being black.
No, no, no, I don't stay black anymore.
That's not my style.
Hey!
What the fuck did I say?
Stay black!
No, I stay nerdy, man!
Stay nerdy!
Stay that, too.
Keep it nerdy, motherfucker.
Keep it nerdy.
All right.
Okay.
Thanks for calling in.
All right.
Bye, Ronchan.
Bye.
Stay black.
Bye.
All right.
We will take a couple more calls.
It's 1-877-AGAMEOLR.
And then we'll go ahead and see what is on our Twitter.
We have a mention from Niconicochan that says tweet heart.
Tigerclaw sends us a story about Dota 2 wants you.
Are you ready?
And that's a big fan wanting a beta key that they put up a sign.
So that's kind of interesting.
He paid $3,000 for an electronic billboard.
That's pretty crazy.
He didn't actually pay $3,000.
That's just photoshopped?
No, no.
What ended up happening is it would have cost him $3,000 to normally rent one of those signs
for a month.
He actually called Clear Channel in this case.
Oh, yeah.
And got it for free.
Yeah.
Got it for free.
Because they were only running it for an hour.
It was part of their...
Because that's one of those digital billboards.
So you could just take a picture of it.
So he took a picture of it with his friends.
Because it's a picture contest to get keys.
Oh, I see.
Well, that's pretty cool.
The links people will go to.
Guys, we're taking one more call.
So that's 1877-GAME-OLR.
We also have another one from Tigerclaw about Gotham City Impostors beta beginning on October
5th.
And that's a PC game.
Weird.
And Steam codes have already been mailed out to those who are accepted.
And the client can be downloaded now, but the beta will not begin until next week.
So yay.
Any more calls?
So nobody else wants to call and talk to Dan?
They're afraid of you.
They're intimidated by your awesomeness.
Fuck you guys.
Someone called Dan so I don't have to...
No, no, no.
I don't even want to talk to anyone anymore.
Now you should extra call him.
All right, well, I'm closing the Skype line.
Yeah, fuck the Skype line.
They're intimidated by you, I swear.
You know, I can't blame them.
I'm not intimidated by you.
I am quite the imposing presence when I roll into the O.L.R. like, what?
Yeah.
Well, I guess since that's it, that's pretty much the show.
So how about...
And I'm not going to do a fortune cookie tonight either, so...
No fortune cookie?
No.
All I have to do is that.
Because it's a derpisode and I don't care.
You should just play the quartet song again.
Okay.
I'll play the quartet song again.
How's that sound?
The quartet of loop in the future.
But because you have all asked for it, I will be doing about 30 minutes to an hour of pump
up volume.
So stay tuned after the show.
Nobody asked for that.
Yes, they did.
Shut up.
That's like torture on the radio.
No, it is not.
Everyone thinks it's completely awesome.
I can't help it if you are torture on the damn radio.
I'm from God.
You are punishment.
For you.
I love you.
Rob's back next week, just reminding everybody.
I know you guys are excited that Rob will be back.
I love having you on the show.
It's great.
It sucks.
Wouldn't you guys rather have me here than Jamie?
Rob does not suck on the air.
Jamie doesn't even really talk.
Yes I do.
You have been fucking...
I could totally be on the show and you guys would almost not even notice that Jamie was
gone.
I have to...
She looks so mad she can barely talk.
I wish I would have had a picture of the look on her face a minute ago.
Someone has to watch the chat room and it's usually me because I'm the only one that can
keep all of these rowdy people under some semblance of not kicking each other all over
the place with trouts.
Dude, all the people are like cool.
They are cool.
They have no problem in there.
You're just playing Warcraft.
I do not play Warcraft during the show, Dan.
That's why the band is going to suck.
I can stream video while you guys do the show.
It's really hard to play the board when I play that bitch.
You know what?
What?
End of the show!
Bye everybody!
Goodnight!
Stay black!
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com, Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific Time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right
anyway.
See you next week!
