Tonight, October 16th, 2011, Street Fighter X Tekken gets a release date, has Sony PlayStation Network information been compromised again, and a date is set for the new Xbox Dashboard.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio.
It is episode number 432 for this October the 16th of 2011.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my awesome co-hosts.
First off, the one and the only DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you, Ms.
Summers?
mildly caffeinated mildly caffeinated as opposed to extremely caffeinated yeah because I had to decaf coffee but there's some caffeine in it yes little bits it's decaffeinated but not uncaffeinated enough to bounce the headache say hello as well to Tech Master Loki hello who I notice has brought dinner of choice tonight an entire pizza what is this triple bacon quadruple bacon triple bacon with Red Bull what a very nerd powered dinner I love it yes
Alright, we do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby Blackwolf show at All Games Radio www.allgames.com Join us in our chat room if you are listening live chat.orangelaunchradio.com After all, we are the show where every gamer has a voice
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft
I would think so.
I would hope so, man.
If he's not going to have new bumpers because of that.
I hope he did get something out of that.
He better.
Can you record a bumper for my show?
What I liked, I will be 100% honest, I'm an honest radio host, I didn't hear the entire interview because we use Bobby's time to kind of get some set up and some stuff of our own done, but I heard about half of it.
And one of the questions that I liked was that he asked them if they'd heard the
I'm sure it's doable in Adobe Audition, not too difficultly.
Probably just Google, like, GLaDOS Adobe Audition.
I don't know.
Probably a way to do it.
Bobby, by the way, is in our chat.
He says two new bumpers.
Awesome!
Not one, but two.
Let's see, what else is going on in our worlds today?
I want to mention this.
Usually we have a little chatter here at the top of the show before we get into our gaming weeks.
I was specifically asked to mention this to you, Loki, tonight.
I've been waiting to tell you about this.
Miklatov gave me a call about two hours before we went live tonight and you know he works in gaming retail right and he sells video games and all that good stuff he wanted me to tell you about a game that came out today Skylanders Spyro Adventure I saw the ads for that on YouTube that apparently if you've been listening to the show for a few weeks you know Loki's a huge fan huge fan I love it quickly reiterate for us what is this game and why do you hate it
This game is basically everything that's wrong about Activision all lumped up into one game.
It's basically Activision taking Spyro, a franchise that was beloved years ago, turning it on its edge and basically making it this thing where instead of having download content for the game, you're going to have actual physical add-ons that you buy, as in little, I wouldn't even call them toys, they're figurines that interact with this thing they call a portal.
So you basically stick these little figurines...
on this little portal device and you get to play as those figures.
I'm playing this trailer here that I'm not exactly sure what I'm going to see here because I know very little about this game.
I guess this is something like... Yeah, it's one of the toys.
It's one of the toys.
I would not give that to a child.
It's like a big skull.
Ghost Roshan.
He's a scary-looking demon thing with a mace for a tail.
I would buy that part, Sean.
That's more like a Morningstar.
Okay, so basically, though, it's a character.
It's basically a character.
You get these characters that you can play as.
It comes with three, including Spyro, which Spyro, by the way, looks like he's...
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
And, might I add, they're all $8.
Can you imagine if DLC out there for your favorite game, and hell, even Marvel vs. Capcom 3, which had really expensive DLC, it was like $5 a character, I think.
8 dollars for each individual character or you can get like a three pack I think for maybe 20 bucks or something like that it's just it's ridiculous but they're aiming this at kids because they did really well with their stupid toy titles like Zuzu Pets and Squinkies and they have a whole bunch of them coming out this November but I hate it because one
It's difficult to sell.
Kind of on the back side, you don't really see any of this.
But the way they had us set up the items and buy it and stuff is retarded.
Honestly, this looks like another Tony Hawk ride or something like that.
It's a peripheral game that's just not going to work.
And...
On top of that, because they're really trying to attract everybody, it's $80 to buy it on any platform, including 3DS.
$80.
Well, Miklatov wanted me to tell you, it's selling like crazy.
Apparently, they are already sold out.
It just came out today, I think.
They're already sold out of it on every platform, but the Wii, most of the characters are already gone.
It's selling like crazy, apparently.
Yeah.
Well, fantastic.
And I know that was my reaction, too.
I was like, great.
That means it's going to end up maybe, maybe, still too early to tell, being the must-have toy this Christmas.
Oh, well, they're already in bed with Toys R Us, and they worked a deal with them where they get an exclusive three-character pack for that title being placed on their Hot 15 toy titles of the holiday.
So, yeah.
That list is trusting.
Whatever.
You know what?
Cool.
If it does well for them, awesome.
But I just... I'd ask, first off, how many did they bring in?
Because, you know, selling out, trust me, with the quantities that my customers are buying, selling out wouldn't be that many titles.
So...
Alright, I gotta go to our chatroom at chat.orangelongery.com After all, we are the show where every gamer has a voice And not every gamer necessarily agrees Going to our chatroom, ShadowNextGen says Skylanders Spyro Adventure is the first good Spyro game in a while I'm reviewing it right now and it's a lot of fun You can beat the new Spyro game with the three included characters You are not required to buy anything else And he also says Spyro is $70, not $80, $69.99
You're wrong, Loki.
You're very wrong.
Oh, I'm sorry.
All right.
And DarkTetsuya says, I'd be willing to bet that it sells a million copies.
Invoking an old OLR joke from yesteryear.
So there you go.
I don't know.
That little clip I looked at didn't look terrible, but I can see where...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Thanks for watching!
I just, I hate that.
So it sounds like a lot of your frustration with this game really has nothing to do with the game itself.
It looks terrible, okay?
They showed it to me.
They showed it to me.
I actually got to play a little bit of the Wii version, and I was just unimpressed.
I was just like, big fucking whoop.
Oh, good.
Why do I need this stupid portal thing?
Why couldn't this have easily been done in-game without any of these extra characters?
Oh, I know why, because...
Activision wants to get in the toy business because they think, hey, if we can convince stupid parents to buy these $8 pieces of crap for their kids, then we're in the money.
To be fair, it's a good idea.
I mean, isn't that every Christmas?
Trying to convince parents to buy an $8 piece of crap for their kids?
Yeah, pretty much.
You're a parent now, would you consider buying it?
No, I would not.
You already knew what I was going to ask.
I would not, and you know why?
Because it's not a fucking toy.
A toy does something.
A toy would be something that you could play with outside of the game.
If they were action figures or something like that, like a G.I.
Joe or Ninja Turtles or whatever, they actually moved, did something, then that's fine.
Then that's cool if they worked with the game and you could play with them outside of it.
I could see that worth $8, but they don't do that.
Do anything!
And yeah, I know, back in the days, there was the Green Plastic Army Men, and those were also stuck to a base, but you know what?
They weren't fucking $70 either.
Or $8, right?
All right.
Is he allowed to have Tron toys?
Because maybe I'll have to.
Well, he's probably too young right now.
He's young for anything.
Right now he just likes books.
He likes books.
He likes books.
We brought down out of the attic Teddy Ruxpin and Grubby.
And I actually popped in a tape last night.
Man.
It still works?
It still works.
Wow.
Oh, it's in great condition.
Holy moly.
I kept that in great condition, and we also have Grubby, and I just had to find a cable to run to.
It just needs an audio cable so they both talk, but he thought it was cool for a few minutes, and then he went and, I don't know, was trying to steal the iPod.
Well, a kid his age is supposed to have a short attention span.
That's what happens.
But yeah, I still, you know what, despite the fact that they sold well in Miklatov's store, I still hope it fails.
Why?
Because I hate Activision and their experiments to try to capitalize on... I mean, seriously, they're trying to run this franchise into the ground.
They've already tried with a few games already, and now it's just like whoring this thing out.
It's Spyro and Friends.
I mean, take Spyro out of it.
I mean, seriously, just take him out of it.
I mean, he's not a draw anymore to these games.
I do want to move on past this subject, but I gotta say this one other comment from ShadowNextGen in our chatroom at chat.orange.com because I gotta say this does sound pretty cool.
ShadowNextGen says, Skylanders Spyro's adventure is also cross-console.
Kids who have a 360 can bring the character to their friend's house and play on the Wii version with all the progress that they had on the 360 version.
I gotta admit, that sounds kind of cool.
Loki's giving me a blank stare.
He doesn't care.
I don't care.
I really don't.
All right.
Fine.
All right.
And Tiger Claw suggests put a tape of OLR recorded on it and watch Teddy Ruxpin talk like everyone.
I don't know if Daddy would necessarily want Josh hearing some of the rants he does on this program.
And also, I don't fucking have a tape recorder anymore.
So how would I do that?
I mean, seriously, I'd have to go to my sister's house and she has my old, like, stereo system.
I think it has a tape player.
I'm not sure if it works anymore because that's usually the first thing to break.
I actually, I had a huge old boombox when I moved this last time that had tape recorders in it and everything.
I fucking threw it away.
Like...
I saw a great picture on Facebook earlier in the week or maybe it was last week it had a little picture of a cassette tape and a pencil and it said if you don't know what these two items have in common then you're too young
I thought it was funny.
It was an old people joke.
All right, moving on.
Not so lighthearted news.
In fact, this is kind of sad.
And it sucks that I'm having to do a eulogy two weeks in a row.
But that's just unfortunately the tech world has lost a lot of great people in the past couple weeks.
And this week we lost Dennis Ritchie.
You may not recognize the name as readily as you might say Steve Jobs, who we were talking about last week.
But Dennis Ritchie obviously had a direct impact on pretty much everything in the video game world.
Why?
Well, if you didn't know, he only wrote the C programming language.
That's kind of important because every programming language out there is just about some type of derivative.
Derivative, thank you, I don't know why the words just gave me, of C So, you know, I even learned a little bit of C++ when I was in college I actually originally studied to be a computer programmer But it wasn't really free It worked out terribly, and I actually, this is the ironic thing I actually blame my teacher I had a horrible, horrible professor And I don't think I went to a very good university either Yeah
You know, and granted, there were some things going on in my personal life.
I can't scapegoat everything.
A lot of it is my fault, too.
But let's be real.
Computer science was just not for me.
Ironically, what do I end up doing now for a living?
Not this show.
That's not my day job.
Trust me.
But the job I had to pay the bills.
I'm a teacher.
in a corporate environment so I teach adults much like the professor did so it's just kind of ironic that that's where I ended up but anyway I don't want to get too far away from the topic at hand obviously we have to tip the hat to Dennis Ritchie who created C programming language also was a co-creator of the Unix operating system which is a huge deal he passed away this week at 70 years old causes undisclosed at this time so
I think we're ready to move on to our gaming week.
I think cause was sadness from hearing that Skylanders is coming out.
Stop it.
Stop it right now.
It's terrible.
Don't joke.
Alright.
Moving on.
DarkSakura.
How was your gaming week?
I played stuff other than WoW.
Oh my god, congratulations!
Everybody give DarkSakura a round of applause.
Well, when you came in, I was playing Castlevania Symphony of the Night because we finally got it working on the system.
You sure were.
And, of course, I was screaming because, damn it, it's not playing on the PlayStation.
And I walked in the house and I said, what is a man?
And I threw a glass on the ground and Dan got very angry.
Yeah, especially since it was our class.
Yes.
And I called him a miserable little pile of secrets.
He just said, bitch, clean that up.
Pretty much, yeah.
No, we also played Guardian Heroes today.
We got the demo.
And then Dan proceeded to go, wait, I want to play Radiant Silvergun and decided to play Radiant Silvergun.
And the demo was like half a level.
It's not even worth it.
Play more Grand Theft Auto.
And, um...
I didn't play any Earth Defense Force this week.
More Dead Rising 2 off the record though.
Are you feeling okay?
No, I just didn't get around to playing more Earth Defense Force because I was playing Dead Rising off the record.
It's alright.
I know a lot of the complaints that other people have because I didn't really play through Dead Rising 2.
Playing through sandbox mode is kind of relaxing actually.
Although I still don't understand why zombies are easily killed by guns.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
That doesn't make any sense to me.
Out of all the games, I mean, completely unrealistic whatsoever.
I just don't get it.
Why are the crazies, you know, more armored than zombies?
I think, granted, the zombies are dead already, but... I mean, shit.
It should only take a couple of shotgun rounds.
And I understand you want to make it difficult because they're, like, boss characters or whatever, but... I don't know.
Just put more of them on the screen or something.
It's a fun game.
My character is currently dressed up like a cowboy now.
I'm still going through every single piece of clothing I find.
I pick it up.
Is this the game that has the Proto Man costume I was reading about this week too?
Yes.
That's awesome.
Even though Capcom hates Mega Man.
That's why it's Proto Man, not Mega Man.
Oh, touche.
Alright, well if that's it for your gaming week, my gaming week was a lot of games you would not be expecting me to play.
I played a demo, and you know, I hate basing my assumptions of games off the demo, but let's be real, it's what a lot of us are doing in this day and age of digital download.
And I downloaded the demo for a game I was interested in at first because I love this series.
Burnout Crash is the game I downloaded.
And I like Burnout an awful lot.
The whole series is really fun.
And the crash mode in, what was it, Burnout Takedown 3 or whatever?
That was fun.
It's awesome.
And when I heard they were making a whole game based around that mode, I was really excited.
And so I downloaded the demo, I played it, and it was like the most uninteresting game I think I've played in a very long time.
Like, I'm sorry to say, like...
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
And for those that haven't played Burnout or know what the crash mode is, basically it's all about creating these huge explosions.
And you can press a button to blow up your car, essentially.
And as you fill up a meter, you can blow up your car again and again.
You're causing these big chain reactions and pileups.
And I know that sounds really exciting, but in a 2D Xbox Live Arcade title, it was really boring.
I was so not interested in the game.
And I tried.
I played through the whole first little demo and everything.
I don't want to drop $15 on this.
Sorry.
Sorry, Burnout.
Not a fan of the Crash Arcade.
Sorry.
I would love to play a game that was like actual racing Crash mode, though, because that was a lot of fun in Burnout 3.
And I can see where maybe somebody thought on paper it was a good idea, but it's not.
Sorry.
Um, I also played NBA Jam on Fire Edition, which, um, you know what I miss about the original NBA Jam?
The fact that it only had three buttons.
And, I don't know, like, I tried to play this new NBA Jam, and I was just like, my characters were not doing anything I wanted them to do.
And, you know, granted, I, you do not associate me with sports games titles often.
I'm not really an expert on them.
But there are a few sports game titles I do enjoy, and most of them have to do from when I was younger, and you know, and so forth.
Um,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Final Fantasy XIV
After the phone call last week, Miklatov pestered me and pestered me and finally I decided to buy the game on Amazon because I found it for like 25 bucks new because it's pretty easy to find right now.
And I got the game.
It took me a while to install.
That was the first thing that pissed me off about it because my DVD was borked or something where my drive wouldn't even read it.
I had to dump all the files to Alan's computer because his drive could read it, transfer it to my USB drive, then install it off the USB drive.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
The question I think that's on everybody's mind now is, is the game any better now?
And I would say the answer is yes, actually.
The game is a lot better now.
The combat mode makes a lot more sense.
The game itself, graphically, is really good looking.
Thanks for watching!
and I think they've tried to improve the tutorial a little bit because I sense that there's been some things added with that but there's still a lot of what the hell do I do now going on in that game.
It doesn't really quite handhold you the way that WoW does for the first few levels and I had to take a lot on myself to go research wikis and fan sites devoted to the game to figure out like how do I get better armor and
or where is the damn auction house you know like these are things that the game doesn't really help you with and I realize that a lot of people that are going to defend Final Fantasy XI and Final Fantasy XIV are going to say well that's just that's part of the game these games are not wow you're supposed to figure these things out that's the challenge and I'm here to tell you most people aren't going to fucking have the patience for that
Um, that's fine if, you know, the select elite smart few want to, you know, go ahead and be all into it or whatever.
But without a significant amount of people supporting the MMO, the MMO is not really going to last.
Um, I definitely notice there's a lot less people playing this game than there was Final Fantasy XI when I was playing it.
I noticed that right off the bat too.
The server seems a lot more empty than XI.
To the game's credit, again, it's gorgeous.
The battle system's interesting.
I really like how they've handled the mixture of jobs now.
If you level one class like a Conjurer and then you level another class like a Thermiturge, you can take the spells you've learned as a Thermiturge and apply it to when you're a Conjurer.
Everything is like your own custom class that you've built of spells and abilities mixed together from the other classes.
That's cool.
There are things I do like
DarkSakura, DarkSakura.com
the guild levs or the little questing thing that they put into it you really can do a lot with a very limited amount of time like I have noticed you can get in there do some levs and you know you've gained some experience and you feel like you've done something for the day and that's kind of nice like that's something Eleven never really had is that you had to sit around find a party okay maybe we'll gain some experience unless you were a white mage hopefully somebody does I mean you know even as white mage he's a white mage yeah sometimes you'd struggle a little bit
but the nice thing is there are things you can do by yourself and the things that they've done especially with the crafting the whole fact that crafting is its own job system with its own quests even I thought I was going to really hate that at first but I realize it gives you so much to do playing alone
that XI never really had, at least back in its heyday.
Keep in mind, my frame of reference for Final Fantasy XI is up until about Treasures of Argon.
I never played after the Wings of the Goddess.
Well, I played a little bit of that expansion, but never the Abyssia or any of this stuff.
Like, level syncing, I was already gone by the time that came out.
So keep in mind, my frame of reference is a few years dated in the game.
Um, now here's the other thing, and I know you guys are probably waiting for me to mention this, because there's been a lot of talk about this this week.
Final Fantasy XIV had a lot of major announcements to it this week, one of them being, of course, the day the game shows up in the mail for me, what's the big announcement?
We're gonna start charging monthly for this game.
Ha!
All right.
And then they were previewing a lot of what they plan to do in 2.0.
And granted, a lot of it sounds really cool.
It looks sexy as far as... The screenshots look great.
They're incorporating the old school Final Fantasy more into it, which I think is great.
I really like what they've got planned out for Final Fantasy 14 2.0.
It's going to be very interesting and almost something unprecedented in gaming where can this game be rescued?
and it's going to be really interesting to see if they're successful or not but the fact that they're going to start charging people when the game is admittedly halfway done is a little weird to me and I'm going to be honest right now at this moment in my point of mind if they were to start charging for this game tomorrow probably not going to pay for it I'll enjoy my 30 day trial period and then be done with it I got a lot going on in Warcraft and other MMOs that I play
And it's not even going to be done until what, 2013?
The end of 2012, I think, is when the big, big expansion is supposed to hit.
Okay, 2013.
But here's the other thing, too.
You have to remember Final Fantasy XI, it didn't come out in America at first.
It was only out in Japan.
And when it came out in America, we essentially got Final Fantasy XI 2.0 because we had Rise of the Ziller included with our release when it came out.
So it gave them time to work out the kinks.
But now that that didn't happen this time and everything was kind of released at once, it does make me feel like I'm still playing this big alpha or beta test of a game that's not done.
And now they want to charge me for it?
Like, I realize they're trying to recoup on some massive losses on this game, but... Not my problem.
I kind of think they're in for a rude awakening.
Like...
The amount of failure of this game is just... Epic?
It is epic fail in every sense of the term.
Now, I think it's going to be really neat if the game can salvage itself.
And I got to be honest, a lot of what I'm seeing online and a lot of this plan... And I like that now they're being open with their customer base.
now they're talking more now they're laying out a plan like I think they realize they've fucked up in a big big way I mean for the president of Square Enix to say this game tarnished the Final Fantasy brand one of the biggest and longest running franchises in gaming history that is like not something to just blink at that's huge especially a Japanese company to say that
so but I think if the game kind of keeps moving on this path I mean it's definitely gone in the right direction I listened real quick sorry I listened I went back and listened to how I first described my Final Fantasy 14 experience and I called it fucking garbage that was exactly how I reviewed this game when I played the beta it is no longer fucking garbage but it's not a amazing game that I want to pay money to play every month it's pretty good
It's alright.
It's on its way.
It's getting better.
But see, what's the point if, like, why would I start paying for this game when they're like, oh, it's not really gonna be done until next November or, you know, the end of next year.
Okay, well, fine.
I'm not gonna pay for it until the end of next year.
That's when I'll pick it up.
It's like, why even announce that and then start charging?
All you're gonna do is just get people to quit.
I mean, you may get a few people that are diehard.
They're just gonna, I'm gonna level up my characters while we're doing this and stuff, you know, while you're working on it.
but I think a lot of people that were just like oh well it's free right now I'm just not gonna pay for it but now that they're gonna start charging I'll just wait and play something else and then I'll come back to it you know in a year or so but at that time who the hell knows what like Blizzard's gonna have at that time or I mean fuck how many more MMOs are gonna come about by the time that they're ready to launch 2.0 it's not gonna matter and a really good one's going free to play
We've got Swarder on the horizon at the end of December.
We've got Guild Wars 2 next year that has a lot of people really riled up.
There will be a WoW expansion.
By that point, Blizzard will have announced their next MMO.
Yeah, you're right.
It's getting a little crowded in the MMO space.
I think what's going to end up happening is it's just going to go free-to-play.
It's got to.
I mean, that's the trend right now, and a lot of these suffering MMOs end up going that way.
But then again, they're Square Enix and they're fucking stubborn, so they may just let it rot and die.
I would love to read a behind-the-scenes book on Final Fantasy XIV.
For better or for worse, this is a game that will go down in history.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
And we're watching it unfold right now
We won this award the very, very first year, which was 2005, and DarkSakura now has her Duffy hat sitting on the trophy.
Yes, I do.
I'll take a picture.
But yeah, we've got that, and we would...
and be honored to win it again.
But there are a lot of great shows in the finals, but the promotion that we could get for winning would be great.
And as you know, we don't have a lot of big dollars or ways to advertise our program.
Don't have any big dollars.
Yeah, actually we have no money whatsoever.
So we really rely on word of mouth as we say at the end of every show.
So please...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
but um yeah we would be honored to win again and it would be pretty cool I think we would be the only show to have won the award like what six years apart but you know it it's been an honor just to be nominated all right that being said we fucking want to win
and also on Facebook you can check out we've got a little banner art thing that you can put in your signature on whatever forums you happen to visit and stuff to help promote voting don't spam people but at the same time please people you know tell them we really do need every vote because every show and you probably have a couple of the podcasts that are finalists in your listening rotation as you should there's a lot of great shows that were nominated
and you're probably going to be hearing this to death throughout the next couple weeks but you know it's really promotion from winning it can't be beat so it'd be great alright let's move on and talk about the gaming news so Loki why don't you start us off
Of course, you know there's a new fall dashboard update coming to the Xbox 360 to kind of make it look a little bit like Windows 8 or the Windows Phone and that kind of stuff.
Personally, I think it looks stupid, but whatever.
I don't really have a say in it.
I've got to update on the 25th of November when this actually goes live.
Apparently, it's going to be using a modified version of Silverlight, if you care to know how it works.
Honestly, I don't really care myself, but it's supposed to do a lot of integration.
Obviously, they're going to have more Kinect support and the live TV stuff.
Also, you're going to be able to do the Bing searches and all sorts of stuff to find different content on there.
and I believe there is also a if you wanted to I decided to opt out of it this year a beta participation to test the dashboard early honestly wasn't a big fan of having to update twice a day every single day until the launch of the actual dashboard so I passed on that but that was available shortly and I believe the submission for the beta program has been closed already and
Yeah, and of course, for those keeping track, 25th also is Black Friday.
Oh my gosh, that's rolling out on Black Friday?
Yep.
That's a recipe for disaster.
Maybe.
That sucks for those employees.
Because you know Microsoft's got to be fully staffed for a day that something like that goes live.
They don't have to work on Black Friday.
Well, they will at least have their stomach full of turkey.
And they will be ready to take those.
Loki always looking at the bright side.
You know what?
you know what an awesome thing to do is on Black Friday go to a theme park because they're empty I don't know about Disneyland Disneyland's always kind of the exception to the rule but I will say like I went to Magic Mountain a couple years ago it was empty on Black Friday Black Friday and Super Bowl Sunday best days to do that stuff
Anyway, as far as the fall dashboard goes, are you excited for this?
No.
No?
No, I hate the way it looks.
You don't like it?
I dislike it.
Windows 8, you know what, when that comes out, I am fucking turning this shit off so it looks like back to Windows 7.
95 XP whatever you want to call it you know I don't like this crappy oh look at all these panes of information yeah you know panes of information are it's more advertising space that's all this fucking is and I don't care about the ads that are on there already so why would I want to see more of them
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I hope I can yell that at my connect and it'll understand me because like honestly part of the NXE and part of the frustrating stuff in that is that you sometimes like honestly can't find the one simple thing you're trying to change in your settings because they're like all over the place so hopefully this has that a little more streamlined but as far as like being like a streamlined entertainment box well shit that's where they're all going now anyway
and I think the next generation of consoles just you wait how streamlined those things are going to be with your other entertainment stuff I'm cool with the fact that they're going to have content on there and I would like to believe that it's going to be free but I don't like the fact that it's tied in with my cable provider because
I mean, granted, right now with Comcast, I have the most basic, basic, basic cable possible.
I don't think I even have on-demand or anything like that.
But I don't want to have to have Comcast cable in order to access... I mean, I would love to get rid of cable, period.
Keep the internet, of course.
And just have access to this stuff.
Maybe not necessarily the stuff that's on Comcast.
Because if I want to watch on-demand Comcast stuff...
I'll just go to Comcast and watch on demand.
There's a ton of different ways to do that.
I don't need to actually hook up my console to do the same thing I do on my TV.
It just doesn't make any sense.
I've actually really given thought to just cutting my cable loose because I just, I barely watch any TV.
Well, ours is linked to our internet, so.
Well, yeah, so is ours, but I mean, still, if we could even save 20 bucks a month shutting it off.
But that's the thing, though, is as we did that, we cut out phone and we also cut out cable.
Well, we were going to cut out cable and just keep the internet, but they had a plan that was $2 more for cable included.
So I was like, okay, fine, we'll do cable too.
It's a good thing, too, because my plan was, oh, I'm just going to get one of those antennas and hook it up.
Yeah, I bought one of those antennas last night.
They fucking suck.
They do not tune in shit.
So I got nothing.
And the only time I did get to tune in a channel, it was so messed up.
When you have cable internet, you kind of have to have at least basic cable, right?
Like, I don't think any of the companies will sell you.
No, you can get just the internet.
Really?
I always thought you had to have at least... It's more expensive, but... Like local channels plus CNN, bare minimum.
No, you don't have to, but like I said, there's a deal that they have right now, and you can get it for, I think, they gave it to us for about $2 more a month.
And I was like, you know what, I can do that.
And since Comcast doesn't have any contracts, it's like, well, fuck, at the end of the year, just cancel.
Or end of one year's time, we can just cancel.
Yeah.
Who cares?
Yeah, I think that's exactly what's happening.
I'm sure these companies know.
Well, all they're doing is just raising the prices of... You watch, they're going to start raising the prices of a lot of internet...
Alright, well let's move on to some other gaming related stories, and speaking of rising prices, these next little few stories have to do with the online pass.
Yes, that's right, what once was Project $10 is now becoming the standard, and if you don't believe me, look at what they're doing in some big releases coming out.
Catwoman in Batman Arkham City, obviously this is a huge release that's out, what, this week?
Is this week Arkham City?
Tuesday.
It's actually on my friend's birthday.
Big week.
Well, Arkham City is coming out and here's the deal.
If you want to play as Catwoman, you need to have an online pass.
One of them will come with the game, of course, and you buy it new.
That's the whole deal is that you always do get it included new.
But if you end up buying the game used, you will have to purchase the VIP pass for 800 Microsoft points or $9.99 on PlayStation Network.
So, you know, $10 or however you slice it there.
They are quick to say that playing as Catwoman is not required to complete the game.
But come on, we all want to see Catwoman in that outfit.
Not entirely true.
Well, there's more.
Hold on, hold on.
There is something else going on there too, and that is a deal with a company called the Evil Cheat.
Evil G Evil G Evil G
So in other words, Project $10 won't apply if you buy the game used at this one retailer who has their hand firmly on the balls of all gaming publishers around the world.
I bet you're going to see a lot more titles because they have the strength and buying power to say, listen, bitches, you're going to fucking give us codes for all these games.
And that's how they're going to get around it.
Who's that hurt?
Everybody else.
or gross or gross if you're like me who gives a fuck about Catwoman but here's the gross part about it it's already on the goddamn disc it's just locked away behind a code because they're assholes is what it is so you know what fuck them don't buy the game or don't either don't buy the game or just don't fucking play as Catwoman who gives a shit
TigerClaw in the chatroom points out there are Riddler trophies that you can only get with Catwoman.
Exactly, that was the part I was going to bring up.
Yeah, so if you want 100% complete, you gotta play as Catwoman.
No, but granted, if you buy the game new, you're not losing any of this.
You're not going to lose it.
It's that, but...
You know, this is just that trend.
And by the way, speaking of trend, Electronic Arts mentioned this week that Battlefield 3 will also have an online pass.
You know, Battlefield 3, kind of a big game coming out pretty soon.
Just a little title you might have heard of it.
Battlefield 3, right?
And this was all confirmed on Twitter.
A user tweeted a guy working for EA, do you need to buy a new Battlefield 3 to play on Xbox Live?
And the response was, you can purchase an online pass for a used copy.
So, I mean, as if it wasn't confirmed that this shit is now the norm.
And it's the first game that they've done that's not a sports game either.
Oh, I did not pick up on that.
And obviously going to be a huge, huge title no matter how you slice it.
Yeah, I'm not surprised.
And I think that mainly is just to stop piracy because it's going to be a big game that's going to be pirated.
And to be fair, for what it's worth, this is also going to be a big title because you're going to have tons of people who buy it new.
And this will all be transparent to them.
It won't matter.
They get the code with the game.
So it's only for those people that are waiting to save a few bucks by buying a used copy that won't really be saving any money at all.
Well, just wait a little longer and I'm sure by then GameStop will have the code for you for free, you know, because they've worked out some sort of deal.
ShadowNextGen in chat says buy a game new and support the industry if you do that the online passcodes are not an issue I'm sorry once again okay yeah I understand buying new and stuff it supports the industry and stuff and I hear people saying well if you buy used the developer doesn't get any money
Listen, you stupid idiots, okay?
The developer gets paid when they fucking press a goddamn disc.
It can sit on a goddamn warehouse shelf in EA, Activision, you name it, and the developer's still getting fucking paid for that shit.
So the fact that they're complaining that...
We didn't sell another new copy.
Now our servers are going to go down because we have less people paying for it.
No, listen.
There's exactly the same amount of people playing on those goddamn servers as new copies that were sold.
You can't magically create two copies out of one without some sort of piracy.
I think we all agree that piracy is a no-no.
Yeah, piracy is bad, but that is really the only thing.
I'm sorry.
Used games do not eat into that.
Yeah.
It's just so stupid.
I'm with you and I'm not.
Here's my whole thing, and again, it's the movie industry.
And I think what's good enough for the movie industry is good enough for gaming.
And the movie industry hasn't died because of used games.
And there's always going to be game rental services and things like this.
I think there's enough people that want these games new the day they come out.
I pre-ordered Skyrim
And now, through exclusive deals, in order to get the product into those machines, even though a lot of them are really terrible deals, they have to destroy all that product because they're afraid of the used sales eating into their new sales.
And the same thing actually happened with the original runs of Hummers.
It's just like... No, seriously, not the Hummers, but the Humvees through the military, the first run of them, you could convert them into Hummers for sale.
Wow.
But then they actually, when they decommissioned them, they had to destroy them so that they wouldn't be sold and compete.
The same thing goes with Warner Brothers, for example.
Warner Brothers, they just instilled a 60-day rental window on all titles.
That's for everybody.
You know, before they used to have it where it was just Redbox and stuff.
Now it's everybody.
And I heard something I think they may even do at some point.
It's going to be six months once this all... The rumor is it's going to be turned into six months once all these contracts are up.
So...
Yeah, they hate the used industry.
But they're the only ones, though, so far that are kind of going to the extreme.
But once again, though, I'm sorry.
Yeah, I understand that people buying used or whatever are going to be affecting the amount of new copies that a store brings in.
Because if you have like 60 used copies, you're not going to be bringing in a lot of new copies.
And so, yes, that would eat at your bottom line a little bit.
but the people that sell back those used copies take that money to buy new fucking games that you may be producing so the fact that you're just stopping people from buying new games there's only a finite amount of money these gamers are going to have and if you're taking away that avenue for them to sell it back used and trade in to get a new game that you might be making so that you can get your fucking commission check then people are going to buy less games overall so you're just hurting yourselves that's really all it's going to end up being
I guess at the end of the day, most of the games I buy, I buy new, so it really doesn't end up affecting me, but you kind of can't help but go, they're going to make a buck wherever they can.
But myself directly, is this going to change my game buying habits?
Probably not.
I will say that I kind of noticed that this year I really am cutting back, and maybe it's just the economy or what have you, I really am kind of cutting back on the games I plan on buying new.
I go back a couple years and I probably would have bought a lot of games over the holiday season, but this year I really can't think of a lot that I'm going to buy.
I'm not even sure I'm going to buy Dance Central 2.
Sains over the third.
Yeah.
See, that's one of those games where I might want to check it out used.
That will have a pass, I'm sure, but here's the best part about Saints Row III.
Fuck them.
They've got system link.
I don't need to go on your fucking internets.
I'll just play it local.
I don't need your internets.
All right, let's move on.
We've got lots more stories to tackle.
DarkSakura.
There's actually something on my microphone.
How about WiiStuff?
The new Wii Bundle.
Wii!
It's going to have new Super Mario Brothers, but it's going to lose something very important to a lot of people.
GameCube support.
No more GameCube.
Sorry.
We're pulling a PlayStation.
So this is like our version of what Europe got at the Gamescom or whatever, right?
Pretty much.
It is going to have though, actually the system itself is black.
It has a black Wiimote Plus and a Nunchuck and a Super Mario Galaxy soundtrack.
And it's going to be out on October 23rd for $150.
Isn't $150 what a Wii costs right now?
Yes it is.
and they say that the Mario Kart bundle is going to still be available along with the new one.
Is that true, Loki?
You're like half shaking, half nodding.
No, yes, it's true.
I think they're going to sell the old ones until they run out of stock.
Yeah, I'm not doubting what DarkSakura is saying, but I'm like, okay, really?
Is that really the long-term plan?
Is that really?
Dan and I, back in the day, went through the entire supply of PlayStations, DualShock systems, at KB Toys, by where I worked, so that we could find the one with the port in the back because our old one was dying.
People are that anal and will try to find the ones that's got what they want in it.
People still want a PlayStation 3 that'll play PS2 games.
I've got one.
I have one that'll play PS1.
They all play PS1.
I know, but mine will play PS1, PS2, it's the whole thing.
Which one of the games I didn't mention I played this week, I actually put in old school PS1 games on my PlayStation 3.
One of the random games I played this week was like the 30 Activision game collection.
Oh my god, like going back and playing it now, I'm like, god, this is some sloppy ass packaging.
And like, what are these like LSD influenced title menu graphics?
Like, I can't even...
You know what I've had the urge to go back and play?
What?
Jumping Flash.
Like, plug it in and go play it in the front room.
Awesome.
And give myself a seizure.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Super Mario All-Stars Limited Run Game
GameCube Free Edition
The Horizontal, the vertically challenged we.
Yeah.
Essentially.
The we.
The not so we.
I just, I don't understand.
It's the PSP Go again.
It's like, hey, we got this new system that's coming out and it's got less features.
No, it's not that bad.
It's not that bad.
Again, I think most people that give a hoot about GameCube compatibility already got one.
But still, the math just doesn't make sense.
They're literally cutting it out for no reason than maybe they plan to sell the games on the Wii U.
Which I'm sure is the... That's really the long-term thing we're looking at.
That's why they're cutting it now.
Because they know on the Wii U they want to sell the GameCube games.
Just wait.
Just wait.
Oh, it's going to happen.
But... Still though, I mean, if you're looking for... You could probably just get the Mario Kart thing.
And hell, I'm sure you could probably... If you really didn't want Mario Kart, you could probably trade it in someplace and get New Super Mario Bros.
I mean, I'm sure a lot of stores have it.
It's...
A popular game, and I'm sure a lot of people have traded it in.
But just... I don't understand.
You might need the GameCube controller for something else later on.
Here's a crazy random question.
Do you think these new Wii's are being done to combat a lot of the modding that people are doing to their Wii's?
I think so.
Because I think a lot of that modding stuff runs off of files that were part of the GameCube.
Like the dull files or whatever.
Yeah.
Now I'm understanding why they just are slowly taking that out.
Like if that's part of it, that makes a lot more sense now why they've removed it.
It's akin to PlayStation 3 deleting the other OS support but without all the hubbub because, you know, this is a physical thing.
Nintendo can't come to my house and take the GameCube compatibility out of my existing Wii, you know?
yeah or they couldn't but that wouldn't be good for them yeah not a good idea that would require that would require uh releasing like an online patch which the Wii is very limited in what they're able to do yeah all right anyhow let's move on with some more news Loki
So they're going to have some new, as you may remember, the Halo HD remake, the Halo Combat Evolved Anniversary Edition.
They're going to be doing some sort of like, I'm sorry, I'm reading the wrong story.
Stupid me.
I was like, what the hell are you doing, Loki?
Let's talk a little bit about the PlayStation Network.
The OLR host compatibility has been removed out of Loki in the most recent upgrade, apparently.
Yes, exactly.
The PlayStation Network hasn't really been compromised, but some of the data or whatever that was grabbed from the PlayStation Network the last time has been used to try to compromise the PlayStation Network again, I guess.
So basically a lot of user accounts, I want to say it was like 75,000 or something like that, were locked out because people have been attempting to sign in using login and password information that were obtained from
One or more compromised lists from other companies' sites or sources.
and I'm wondering if maybe that has something to do with also the Xbox Live users which we're still getting a lot more of those now finally being reported.
Much like Sky had a problem with people breaking into his account and spending money on FIFA shit.
There's been a lot more people talking about it.
Thank you Gaming Press for covering this a month after it was news.
Yes, Ars Technica actually started reporting a lot of people actually telling them that say, hey, you know, my game account was hacked and people were, they bought, you know, FIFA 11 and also like the gold pass or whatever, spent $100 on my account.
and there's been a lot of other things people are starting to see FIFA 12 and purchases are kind of related to that and of course you know sure enough all of my Microsoft points that were stored on my Xbox Live account had been spent on in-game items for FIFA 11 I don't own that game hell I don't even like soccer games
and whoever spent my Microsoft points had tried to purchase more.
Presumably, when the purchase failed, they abandoned my account and went to steal from some other unsuspecting gamer.
And yeah, I think that's kind of the case.
So, of course, you know, change passwords.
Hopefully, that's enough.
And, of course, Microsoft went, you know, went pressed for a statement.
We do not have any evidence that the Xbox Live service has been compromised.
We take the security of our service seriously and work on an ongoing basis to improve it against any evolving threats.
However, a limited number of members have contacted us regarding unauthorized access to their accounts by outside individuals.
We are working with our impacted members directly to resolve any unauthorized charges.
to their accounts as always we highly recommend our members follow the Xbox Live account security guidance provided at xbox.com security what a lovely sanitized response from the Xbox Media Relations Department what a lovely sanitized response because some could mean a million
I mean, I get it.
Microsoft does not want to panic on their hands like what Sony had to go through.
But, you know, they're trying to poo-poo this and make it sound like it's not that many people when I've known at least, at least 12 people that this has happened to.
And you just read the comments and like... Do you know how many people I've known that have had their PlayStation accounts hacked?
Zero.
And I mean hacked for, like, money or false charges.
And, you know, on this story, there's 109 comments, and a lot of them are saying, yeah, hey, are there any... Let's see here.
Um...
My account was hacked yesterday.
I'm getting the standard 25-day lockout treatment.
I'm also disputing the charges on my credit card.
On July 10th, the same thing happened to me.
Let's see here.
A couple people I know have had this happen.
So there's a lot of people that are saying, hey, this has happened to me and stuff.
And that's why they even kind of made a comment on the story.
Hey, there's been a lot of people that have been writing us saying, hey, the same thing has happened to me.
So yeah, it's a little bit of a pattern there.
A little bit.
Got to figure it out because...
And why is it FIFA players?
And why is it 30 days that your account gets locked?
Remember, guys, I didn't play my Xbox for a month.
And I made some purchases on PlayStation 3 instead during that time of things I might have bought on the Xbox 360 instead.
I think their whole process needs to be fixed.
That's another big problem.
Microsoft does some very shady online things that they do.
There's the whole credit card removal thing too.
Anyhow.
I refuse to give them my new card.
I will not give them my new card info because my last one just expired.
They will not get my new one.
They'll still try to charge it though.
They will still try to charge it.
Good luck.
They will lock out your account until you give them a new card.
I will close my Xbox account if it comes to that.
I'm going on record saying that.
They are not getting my new credit card number.
if they were able to I will turn in my seven year whatever it is Xbox Live membership I'm done if that's the case let it be known there's a lot of stuff I see where people will change their credit card and then they'll because they'll try to renew and then it doesn't auto renew and so they give them a new card to charge it and then they'll charge another year on there and they get two years instead of one see that shit's shady like there's a lot of shady shit going on right now
in all this Xbox Live stuff.
And I think we need some answers.
And stop with this corporate speak.
You should be able to get out of that stuff.
This is why people are fucking mad at corporations right now, by the way.
Not to go on a tangent that I really don't want to go on on this program, but this shit is why people are mad.
This is why people are mad.
Thanks for watching!
Alright, moving on to a story that you didn't hear anything about just 10 minutes ago on this program.
Some changes are coming to Halo Anniversary, talking about the Kinect functionality.
Some of the details came out this week at New York Comic Con.
There's going to be the feature to analyze enemies, meaning that you can actually talk to your Kinect and go into the library or something like that and look at, I don't know, your enemies, I guess.
Outro Music
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Who gives a fuck?
And also, you know, before this, the only other thing that they said that you could use to connect for was switching between Classic and HD mode.
I wanna play Classic!
I wanna play HD!
Why would I need to do that on the fly?
Who cares?
that's not a full price game so alright that's that's again Halo Anniversary Edition like in another year probably would have bought the game new but this year just not not enough into it to really want to buy it sorry maybe I'll rent it
How about something that makes me particularly giddy?
A release date for Street Fighter X Tekken.
Ooh.
It's going to be on PS3 and Xbox 360 on March 9th.
And they revealed that at New York Comic Con.
So that's pretty cool information.
As far as other stuff that's going to be... It was actually just confirmed for the US.
It's the Build-It-Yourself Arcade Cabinet Bank.
A prequel comic by Udon.
36 pre-order packs and a bunch of other stuff 9 exclusive gems only available for pre-ordering and 45 gems when you pre-order a bunch of stuff so yeah
It will be out in March.
Yes, he does.
All three of them.
That's it.
Alright, let's travel around the world and talk about some release dates as soon as, you know, this week.
Today, Skylanders Spyro's Adventure came out.
PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, 3DS, and PC.
Try not to sound too excited.
I am thrilled.
Thrilled that the game's coming out.
Professor Layton and the Last Spectre that's coming out on the Nintendo DS Batman Arkham City on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 this week Ratchet and Clank All for One on PlayStation 3 Naruto Shippuden Ultimate Ninja Impact on PSP Family Feud 2012 Edition on Xbox 360 and
Jewel Time Deluxe on the Nintendo DS, Minute to Win It on the Xbox 360 for Kinect, The Price is Right Decades on the Nintendo Wii, also Family Feud on the Wii as well, I Spy Castle from Scholactica,
What was it?
Yeah, is this Galactics?
That was on Nintendo DS.
Bigfoot King of Crush on the Wii.
I didn't even know Bigfoot was still around.
Rocksmith on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
And also, if you really want to, you can spend $200 and buy a bundle with an actual electric guitar in there.
Power Up Heroes on Xbox 360 for Kinect.
Everybody Dance on PlayStation 3 from Sony.
The Sims 3 Plus Pets and also The Sims 3 Pets coming out on PC.
And then The Sims 3 Pets on PS3, Xbox 360, and 3DS.
1001 Touch Games on Nintendo DS.
Pets, Puppies, and Kittens on Nintendo DS.
And...
Jungle Speed on the Wii, Tropico 4 on Xbox 360, Ben 10 Galactic Racing on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, and DS, Jane's Advanced Strike Fighter on Xbox 360, PC, and PS3,
Holy crap, why is there so many damn rugby games coming out?
And this one also, again, exclusive to GameStop for some reason.
Jonah Lomo Rugby Challenge.
I mean, seriously, is that like the third or fourth rugby game that's coming out on Xbox 360?
Wasn't one of them exclusive to Evil G2?
Yeah, the last one from 505 was.
Don't get me wrong, rugby's cool.
It's cool, but it's not that cool.
I think there's more games than there are football games or basketball games.
Let's see, Pokemon Rumble Blast on the 3DS.
The Haunted, The Hell's Reach.
Wait, what do you do in Pokemon Rumble Blast?
Is that just... I think it's like the Pokemon... Wasn't there a Pokemon Rumble or Arena game or something like that in the Nintendo 64 GameCube?
I think it's just like a fighting game, sort of, with Pokemon characters.
I don't know.
I don't play Pokemon.
It doesn't matter.
Just curious.
It's the only 3DS Pokemon game that's coming out.
Yeah, but there can be a lot of Pokemon.
It's like saying Mario Tennis is the only Mario game available this holiday.
and that's it, that's everything alright, let me travel to Japan and talk about some of the stuff that's coming out in Japan this week starting off on the Xbox 360 Dead Island gets a Japanese release this week as well as Deus Ex Human Revolution FIFA 12 World Class Soccer Hacking Extreme NBA 2K12 all out on Xbox 360 in Japan this week
Moving on to the PlayStation 3.
I imagine you'll see a lot of that same stuff just on the PlayStation 3.
Yep, Dead Island, Deus Ex, FIFA 12, NBA 2K12.
There are a couple others, though.
Ratchet and Clank, all 4-1.
And Gekke Juban Macross F, Sayonara no Tsubasa, Hybrid Pack.
That is coming out this week.
I guess this... What is this?
Is this like a... Oh, it's the movie and the game.
That's why it's a hybrid pack.
Yeah, it's the movie and probably a PlayStation Network game.
Yeah, it's like a Blu-ray.
Oh, because it's a Blu-ray.
So it comes with the Blu-ray and it comes with the game that goes with it.
So it's like an all-in-one pack.
That is out on PlayStation 3 this week.
Going to some other systems...
On the Sony PSP, we have FIFA 12 is there as well.
And Naruto Shippuden, Naruto Impact, because you know it's just not a week without a Naruto game coming out in some form or another.
Also a brand new type of memory stick, I guess a 4GB one.
Is this with branding on it?
Yeah, this has some branding for Uminiko no Naku Koro.
Lastly, trying to go to the 3DS real quick and see if we have anything over there.
Note the 3DS in Misty Pink is this week.
Remember the DS for girls is this week.
And the Japanese version of Tetris on the 3DS is out this week.
That's it.
How about the UK, DarkSakura?
on the 19th we have Beat Hazard Ultra and Dungeon Defenders Ratchet and Clank all for one on PS3 Worms Crazy Golf The Sims 3 Pets so looking forward to that that was actually on the 20th my bad on the 21st we have Adventures of Tintin The Secret of the Unicorn and Captain America Super Soldier on 3DS FIFA Manager 12 Football Manager 2012 which of course is real football and not the crap that they call football over here
Jacket Alliance Back in Action, Jonah Lomu Rugby Challenge, Naruto Shippuden 3D, The New Era on 3DS, and Naruto Shippuden Ultimate Ninja Impact, Tetris Axis, Naruto for everyone, Tropico 4, and Batman Arkham City.
That's it.
Busy week over there.
DarkSakura.com
and basically Microsoft's a very big company and you've got Twisted Pixel, a relatively small developer.
We're very interested that they get to stay who they are and they get to retain the magic that they have as a small indie and also we'd like to leave the golden goose alone so to speak.
So basically they're going to be able to do kind of what they want but still have some financial backing to go with that.
Maybe some better projects because they'll have a little bit more to work with.
so that's kind of cool because they're definitely a unique developer I mean it's not too surprising I kind of already thought they were in bed with Microsoft because hasn't all their shit been exclusive anyway?
um
I don't know about that I think they had some stuff that was on PC but yeah I think for the most part it's been exclusive to Microsoft probably the Microsoft well PC still counts if it's for Windows yeah that's true so they can still develop for that I'm wondering if they're about to be trusted with some big Microsoft franchise to make a game for that
or, I don't know, maybe Microsoft just wants a piece of it.
They just don't have a lot of big franchises anymore, though.
I mean, if you think about it, it's just Halo and Forza and Fable, I guess.
They're not touching Fable, I know that.
Who knows?
There could be something new in the works.
If they can make anything better than Fable 3, that'd be great.
A new cameo game.
It could be something new for the new system, too.
There's got to be stuff under development for the new Xbox.
We've heard a lot of rumblings about that, whatever it may be.
So maybe because these guys did Explosion Man and all that, they're tasked with making some must-have game on the new system.
Who knows?
Just throwing it out there.
There's always new franchises that can come up with something unique and brand new.
It's a sequel.
Absolutely.
Alright, let's see.
One more story for you guys for this half of the show, and that is about Ubisoft delaying a game called Rocksmith.
You familiar with Rocksmith?
That's alright, a lot of people aren't.
Rocksmith is the game that has the real guitar with it, which I kind of thought Rock Band 3 was supposed to kind of cover that, but I guess Rocksmith is supposed to be more like you actually see the frets on the screen.
It's a lot different.
It's a lot easier to learn.
I think this is the game my friend was working on.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Well, it's been delayed.
And now it's going to be launched in 2012 in Europe.
And I guess this is because of some complaint that was against Ubisoft.
Yeah, filed by a band named Rocksmith.
Oh, how funny.
So I guess now there's a whole ugly thing that's got to be settled around that.
Court documents say that the dispute could go through February 2012.
So until that's resolved, this game is delayed.
Unless you happen to buy a PS3 version, which is region free.
Oh, okay.
I mean, if you're really in a hurry.
Is the game not coming out here in America?
Yeah, it comes out next week.
Oh, okay.
It's just, you know, we don't have a band named Rocksmith over here.
They're over in Europe.
There you go.
All right.
Well, let's stop talking about these newfangled games and let's go back to the classics.
Let's go.
DarkSakura, what's a classic game of the week?
Castle of Illusion starring Mickey Mouse because we talked about it last week and I started thinking about it so it's this in Japan it was known as Castle of Illusion I Love Mickey Mouse Great Wonderland Castle Adventure really long name huh and it came out in 1990 and it was on the Mega Drive slash Genesis developed by Sega of Japan and it was one of the parts of the games that were released right before Sonic the Hedgehog came out
And I love this game, so shut up.
It's a side-scrolling game, and you play as Mickey Mouse.
And he has to save Minnie from this evil witch named Miserabelle, who wants to steal Minnie's youth.
Because Minnie apparently is young and pretty.
Who I believe was not actually a Disney villain otherwise, though, right?
I don't think so.
It's interesting that they didn't use a quote-unquote real villain.
But anyway...
You know what?
No villain is as awesome as Maleficent, the damn diva.
So, moving forward.
You play in the castle and you have to defeat different enemies and bosses by jumping on them, which makes you jump higher.
And you get apples and marbles to use as projectiles.
And you get health boosts and extra lives or bonus points.
And then after you beat the boss, you're given a gem.
When you get all of the gems, you build a rainbow bridge that lets Mickey walk into the castle.
DarkSakura.com
It also did come out on the Master System, but they redid it.
And so the Game Gear version is actually exactly like the Master System version because it's one of the ones that ran in Game Gear, one of the Game Gear games that ran in Master System compatibility mode.
So, I mean, there's not really a whole lot to say about it.
It's a cute game.
It's got some good challenge to it.
It's fun.
I mean, Rob, you're looking at it, right?
Yeah, it's a fun little platformer.
You know, I didn't own a Genesis when I was younger, but I do remember I remember there was kind of a stink because this came out around maybe a year or two after the NES had Mickey Mousecapade which was kind of their big game and Capcom had the Disney license for Nintendo, though.
They weren't really putting stuff out on Genesis at the time.
In fact, wasn't Capcom's first Genesis game the Street Fighter Championship Edition?
I think it was.
I think so.
I seem to remember that from my gaming history.
So, um...
Street Fighter 2 came out before Championship Edition.
Well, no, but remember the Genesis one?
The Genesis got the Championship Edition.
It was like a big freaking deal.
But then the Super Nintendo got Turbo Championship Edition, so it kind of went back and forth.
But anyway, my point is that I do remember this game.
I never played it when I was younger because I didn't own a Genesis.
But I remember wanting to because I thought, gosh, this game looks a lot better than Mickey Mouse Capade, which actually was a pretty sweet NES game.
I don't know if you've done that as a classic Game of the Week before, but if you haven't, it should be someday.
Well, this one, actually, I don't know if I've ever told you about the week I traded my SNES for my friend's Genesis and Master System converter.
This was one of the games I borrowed.
Oh, nice.
And I had a field day with this game.
I loved it so much.
I mean, there's so much more to do.
I mean, not just, you had the, you know, the jumping boosts and you had swinging from vines.
Just graphically, this game was really pretty to look at.
You have to remember again, guys, this was a long time ago this game came out.
But some of these environments, like this level that we're swatching Mickey in here on the YouTube right now.
Thanks for watching!
Well, um, there was a sequel.
Sorry, I was just going to say, weird that it's never shown up on any collection.
I mean, I understand probably the Disney licensing probably has a lot to do with that.
Well, now they've licensed, though.
Disney took the license for Castle of Illusion.
Oh, that's right.
We covered it last week.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay, okay.
And we don't know what they're doing with it.
Right, right.
Probably just sitting on it for a while.
I hope there's maybe a newer version of this coming out.
That would be awesome.
Well, let me go a little bit further then.
Sure, sure.
Okay, well, first of all, there was a sequel named Land of Illusion that came out of the Master System into Game Gear.
And then Castle of Illusion was re-released in 1998 in Japan as the Sega Ages Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck on Saturn.
And that also included Quackshot.
There's a very interesting game on its own too.
So there you go.
It did have a re-release in Japan.
All right.
Very cool.
There it is, your classic game of the week, Castle of Illusion starring Mickey Mouse for the Sega Genesis.
Nice pick.
Thank you.
Alright, that's going to do it for part A of our big show tonight.
But don't go anywhere.
We're not done.
We still got half a show to go.
We got a lot of news coming out in the next half of the show.
And I'm going to get to your emails as well at mailbag at orangelaundry.com and Twitter topics.
And hopefully, I'm hoping some people will call us.
Frenando Yes
So, you haven't seen that fan art?
I'm going to go to YYR's Twitter.
It's like YYR underscore, or maybe the other way around, underscore YYR.
It's one of the two.
And he has the artwork in one of his previous tweets.
It's awesome.
So anyhow, we'll talk with you guys in the Skype line as well as plenty more news when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Don't go anywhere.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live on this Sunday evening, October the 16th of 2011.
I'm out of breath.
That was such a fast break.
Where we're of course taping another episode of our show, episode number 432 to be exact.
DarkSakura.com
I do.
I'm going to have to draw.
My favorite is the ferret with the tongue hanging out of his mouth.
Dead ferret.
I feel like drawing the ferret.
The question is, when's Ranma going to cosplay that?
It's just a matter of time.
It's just a matter of time.
All right, look.
You're going to have to bulk up for it, though, because Fernando looks pretty ripped, so I'm just saying.
I don't think it's going to be that hard for Ranchan.
He was a Marine.
Thanks for watching!
Speaking of marathons, I gotta mention this.
I can't believe I didn't show roll this somewhere else.
I need to mention this.
Need to, need to, need to.
Extra Life happened this past weekend and congratulations.
They broke a million dollars.
That is outstanding.
Yay!
And I know we had some members of the OL Army that participated in Extra Life.
The moment you announced that, Shermie started licking her bed in excitement.
Thanks for watching!
The date for the new Umlaut I think was announced previously, but just to reiterate, it's December 8th this year, and it's going to be flipping huge.
Like, I can't say too much.
I may or may not know some things, but it is on Thursday, December 8th, and it's going to be awesome.
Awesome.
so if you are like anywhere remotely near the San Francisco Bay Area you need to make plans to attend if you are nowhere near the San Francisco Bay Area you still should keep the day open just saying moving on
Let's go through some quick, quick news.
Loki.
This is quite appropriate, and I'm actually kind of psyched to play it because this is more of a puzzle game than it is a crashing game.
But Burnout Crash is going to be coming to the iOS, both on iPad and iPod or iPhone or whatever.
So you can check that out.
I think that's actually a pretty good fit for it because, yeah, like you said, it's more of a puzzle game and kind of disappointing.
Thank you for watching!
And it's an online MMO.
I guess originally, you know, I guess the game was supposed to be inspired by Counter-Strike, but now it kind of... I don't know, it's more top-down.
It looks to me like one of the old Fallout games or something like that.
They're calling it kind of Baldur's Gate with Jagged Alliance, but...
I think it's awesome because honestly the last Shadowrun game that came out on the 360 was terrible, so this is more like it.
And it's free to play, so cool.
And it's being made by Sixth World, I guess.
I don't know if they're... No, Sixth World was the last one, I'm sorry.
Cliffhanger is the one that's putting this together now.
Oh god, that's going to be awesome.
No word yet on what's coming out.
Shadowrun definitely has its fans.
There's been some hit and miss games in the Shadowrun universe, so this sounds neat.
It looks cool.
It could be a franchise, if done well, it would be successful.
And then, last but not least, of course, PopCap.
They're always putting out gamer crack, if you will.
They have a new game coming out called Popcorn Dragon.
And in Popcorn Dragon, you shoot fireballs to make popcorn that a dragon then attempts to eat.
They're saying it's kind of like a popcorn fruit ninja with a cute mythical beast.
That sounds so PopCap.
Like, when you describe it, I'm like, God, that just sounds like a PopCap game.
To me...
To be fair, I don't think we've really heard of anything that that studio's done for a while.
I mean, their last big, big game was Plants vs. Zombies.
That was some time ago.
Well, they have to port it to every single platform.
They had Bejeweled 3.
Oh, yeah, shit.
I forgot about Bejeweled 3.
You're right, you're right, you're right.
And then, you know, it wasn't technically PopCap.
The spinoff studio, yeah.
But they had that, which I really wish they'd do more stuff because, you know, Unpleasant Horse is fucking amazing.
But, yeah, they had a few things.
this looks alright, it looks like it could be cool and I do like popcorn and dragons so it'd be worth checking out
That's the quote they're going to put on the box.
Loki from Orange Lounge Radio, I do love popcorn and dragons.
It just made me think about having a little pet dragon and watching a movie and going, damn it, I want to pop this popcorn.
Who doesn't love popcorn and dragons?
Terrorists, that's who.
You know what?
I don't like popcorn.
Really?
Because the corn kernels get stuck up under my gums and it hurts.
Without fail.
I guess that's a fair, but you like dragons.
Yes.
Okay.
Because dragons will smite my enemies for me.
So you're not completely evil.
I guess I can see that in that part.
I do get annoyed with popcorn kernels too, but I'll say, what is it, my weakness?
And people at work who can't cook popcorn with a dam and end up making the whole building smell like burp popcorn.
There's always, I love burnt popcorn.
There's always the burnt.
I purposefully burn my popcorn.
Just a hair.
See, you are the office apple, sir.
No, no, no, no, no.
No, no, at my old, at my job.
It's just a tear, you know.
My desk was like two rows from the break room.
So it would smell like this burnt shit all the time.
Whereas I was perfect.
And I had our crappy microwaves.
You were perfect?
As for popping popcorn at work.
I had our crappy microwaves timed that I could always do the perfect container of popcorn with only a couple of kernels left at the bottom and nothing burnt.
you have to understand that I follow the directions completely but I know when to pull it out so that it has you know when to pull out yes I know when to pull the popcorn out of the microwave oh you you adolescent you know how to pull it out when the explosion's just right
Hey, I don't want to singe anything in there, so... I have to make sure... With that dragon of yours.
Because if you leave it in too long, it's just going to be waffle smoke all over the building.
You just have to know when to take it out.
And then it stinks all day.
Exactly.
This is the clip I want them to play at the podcast awards.
Thanks for watching!
You know, it doesn't smell too bad.
Okay, as gross as the story is and as non-video gaming related as the story is, I have to tell it.
I'm like kind of the opposite of you, Loki.
Like, burnt popcorn, nah, not really a fan.
But what I'm a total fan of and can't get enough of are like the barely popped kernels.
Like the kernels that have popped a little bit, but are like not all the way popped.
Like, I will pull a microwave, I'll pull out early.
Okay.
Just to get a bag full of those because those are the delicious kernels, in my opinion, are the ones that are barely popped.
Of course, they're also the worst for your teeth, but whatever.
Moving on to non-dragon related things.
Only us can take a PopCap game and turn it into...
Pulling out.
All right, moving on.
Do you hear these sounds in the background?
This is the sounds of BurgerTime on Xbox Live Arcade.
That's right, BurgerTime, Xbox Live Arcade.
It has a release.
It is November 2nd is when this is coming out.
And look, it's kind of an old OLR in-joke.
It hasn't come up a lot lately, but I really defend the old arcade classic.
BurgerTime is vastly underrated.
It's a great game.
I actually, contrary to popular belief, I don't really believe it's the best arcade game ever made, but it's a fun one, and it's underrated, and I have to admit, this looks pretty cool, what they're doing with it, with the whole round platforms and the graphical upgrades.
Hopefully it retains some of that charm of the original, and I'm really excited to try multiplayer.
So I will get to do all that on November 2nd, because that's what the release date is, according to Monkeypaw Games, who's making it.
Infinity Blade, of course, very popular game on the iOS platform.
I have yet to play it.
I don't know why I've been dodging it.
It's all right.
But very popular.
It is actually going to be coming to arcades.
That struck me as very interesting.
But Infinity Blade FX is making its way to, I guess, Dave and Buster's and other types of facilities like that.
So it's kind of cool.
Yep.
DarkSakura
Okay, let's do it.
We'll make that sacrifice.
By October 28th, so we'll have to go just after that to make sure that the game is there.
And then I can finally play Infinity Blade, be it in arcade form.
One other story before I turn it over to DarkSakura, and that has to do with Leisure Suit Larry.
Okay, look, before they ruined it,
Leisure Suit Larry in the Land of the Lounge Lizards is being remade.
That is the original game in the series.
They're remaking it with an HD upgrade for the series' 25th anniversary, which is coming up at the end of 2012.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
it should be noted the games that came out within the past five years he had nothing to do with and in fact he was kind of a bitter Betty about him and I can't say I blame him in fact listen to this quote to EGM that he said quote I'm overjoyed to see Larry released from his digital dungeon after all this time and be placed in the hands of someone who understands him and wants to see him brought back to the forefront by people who love him and understand him that's that's what we call subtly throwing shade
That's also a little redundant.
A little bit, but... Well, you may remember that Legion Suit Larry before was released by Vividi Universal, who put out wonderful franchise-killing games like the Spyro series, the Crash series, and of course, the Legion Suit Larry series.
Thank you.
And guess who bought Vividi Universal?
Activision.
See where we're going here?
Well, they must have not optioned to continue this series.
And after the last couple games, I can't imagine why.
So now Replay Games picked it up.
What's cool about this, Replay has said that if they're successful, they're going to keep doing these HD updates through all the original games.
So that's kind of rad.
They're also planning on some new games.
So let's just hope it doesn't suck.
Moving on, DarkSakra.
Well, how about some stuff about the Nintendo DS?
No, I don't want to hear it.
Okay.
There has been over 50 million units sold in the US, and this was numbers presented by Nintendo.
That's seven years post-launch, still selling, and like I said, 50 million units.
I wonder if that includes three DSs, because technically it's kind of part of the DS family.
It says, and it's variants.
Okay, there you go.
Also, for Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3, there is going to be a playable Galactus mode.
That's pretty cool.
You can just have him smack people with his bitch slap and his flick attack, I guess.
You know who else I saw in there, by the way?
Phoenix Wright.
Yeah, I heard about that too.
Phoenix Wright's in it.
Pretty cool.
Is it bad that I thought he was in the original one?
I did not play the original one.
They put in Frank West.
Frank West, Star Wars, The Old Republic
Oh, Rob Oh, Rob
Alright, so let's get back into some more long-form news.
Of course, coming up later in the show, the mailbag at mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com is where you can always send us emails.
And the FUs of the week coming up as well as Twitter topics.
Make sure you get those in because we will read Twitters while we're waiting for calls at twitter.com slash OLR.
So get those all in right now.
Loki.
Unfortunately, you know, when you're a game studio that produces all the Harry Potter games for the movies and then the movie series ends, what's left for you than to just, you know, go under?
I actually have an answer to that, but I'll let you finish the story.
Yes.
Apparently, Bright Light Studios is now under the formal consultation process and
and basically the employees that are impacted will be considered for other positions at other EA studios including those in the UK.
The UK is a vital center of game development for EA and we intend to maintain a strong presence there.
And of course, you know, the last few games that they put out kind of...
But, you know, movie tie-in games don't have a high bar to hit, but even then they miss those, so maybe it's for the best.
Harry Potter MMO
I would not want them doing that.
Well, yeah, and maybe this is for the best.
It sounds like based on the games that they've made, and I've played some of these games, they're not that great.
They should put it in more capable hands if they're going to do a Harry Potter MMO, but seriously, I'm not even that into the Harry Potter universe.
I still haven't seen a single movie past the third movie, and I really haven't read the books.
I would try this game in a heartbeat because that universe would just be fun.
It's meant for a video game.
Another game that they created that also was terrible, Create.
What the hell is that?
It was supposed to be a thing that was going to take on LittleBigPlanet.
It came out last year.
No one gave a shit.
Was that the Xbox thing?
It was Xbox, PlayStation 3, and Wii.
It was terrible.
What was Microsoft's answer to that?
Didn't they have something?
Oh, that was also terrible.
That ended up being an indie game thing, didn't it?
I would really like to see an MMO come out of the Harry Potter universe, but it does need to be done right.
Don't do a shitty MMO or people are going to be upset.
All right.
Anything else before I move on?
Yeah, but it's a tangent, so I'm not going to go there right now.
All right.
Why not?
I'm going to start another story, so go ahead.
Go for the tangent.
I forgot to mention, since it wasn't really my gaming week, and one of the reasons why I didn't play a lot of games this week, because I was reading Ready Player One.
It's fucking amazing.
Oh yeah, that was the book you were talking about last week, right?
I'm serious.
Any of our listeners for this show, this book is for you.
I mean, it's absolutely, without a doubt, for you.
Can I get it on Kindle?
Yes.
Maybe I'll check it out.
Dude, I mean, not to spoil stuff, but like... Be careful.
I'm going to spoil one thing, but it's kind of cool.
The very first challenge that this guy has to go through to get this, because you have to find three keys and unlock three gates to find an Easter egg that basically gets you the assets of this company.
This guy is like a multi-billion dollar thing.
So it's a little bit like Charlie and the Chocolate Factory with the treasure hunt and stuff like that.
He has to fight a lich.
Is it the Lich King?
He has to joust the Lich in the dungeon.
It's some dungeon from Dungeons & Dragons.
Is it the Lich from Shadowgate?
Not the Lich from Shadowgate.
But he has to fight him.
He has to joust him.
on the old arcade game Joust.
I knew something was coming with that.
It's just... Seriously, it's a fucking amazing book.
You said this has been optioned for a movie, right?
It has been optioned for a movie.
Warner Bros.
bought the rights last year.
I'm serious.
Go check this book out now.
It's great.
What?
What?
Scott Pilgrim vs. The World
But I'm serious.
I don't read books a lot.
I mean, hardly ever.
And I couldn't put the book down.
I had to read the whole thing straight through until I finished it.
And it's seriously, if you're a fan of the 80s stuff, if you're a fan of classic video games, if you're a fan of just cool, like kind of where's the internet going to go, that type of thing, you've got to read this.
It's just amazing.
So that's my tangent there.
All right.
Moving on to some other news.
Oh, let me put it this way.
No, you're done.
No, no, this is cool.
The writer of this, he did a movie, Fanboys.
He wrote the script and everything for that.
Oh, God, I've heard about it.
Okay, I haven't seen that movie, but I know what it is.
The guy, he drives around.
And one of the cars, the avatar in this game, or this universe, drives around.
It's not like a blue avatar.
No, it's this avatar in a virtual world type thing.
He drives around, or flies around, I should say, and DeLorean...
Night Rider, Night Rider, Night Rider, Night Rider
Actdeft wants to know the name of the book Ready Player One The London Philharmonic Orchestra
Super Mario, Angry Birds, Metal Gear Solid, Sons of Liberty, Fallout 3
Awesome.
There's a sample available online.
It's Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2 theme, and they actually have a clip of it available on SoundCloud that you can check out under username kwall.
Let me play a quick little clip here of this, if I can kind of skip ahead in the song here a little bit.
I can't change the volume on this, but usually these classical songs are a little quieter anyway.
You kind of get the feeling, right?
Here we go.
That's the London Philharmonic Orchestra doing that.
So that's going to be awesome.
Available wherever, like, you buy CDs.
You know, Amazon, iTunes, what have you.
All right.
Let's go to the mailbag.
Every week you guys send us emails at mailbag at orange lounge radio dot com.
DarkSakura is going to read some of her favorites right now.
Mailbag at Orange Lounge Radio.
All two of them.
Two?
Yep.
I'm firing the listeners.
First one comes from Ian.
Hey guys, long time listener, first time, I don't know, emailer, whatever.
I'm not sure if you guys knew about this or not, but over the DSI Wear store, you can...
I guess you can get the word get was left out.
Legend of Zelda Four Swords Anniversary Edition for free.
Hells yes.
I'm not sure when it runs out, but you better act fast.
Actually, I have an answer for that.
I was aware of that.
It's pretty big news in the DS world if you're a 3DS owner.
and absolutely, it's free you literally have no reason not to get it I haven't done it yet unless you don't have the 3DS February is when it will not be free anymore so it won't be free forever I don't have a 3DS the good news is, those of you that get them at the holidays which I imagine a lot of people are going to find 3DS's under their Hanukkah tree or whatever it is you'll be able to still get it through February
Next email?
Why not?
Hello, peoples.
And this comes from Redertainment.
There's a story that broke this week that just seemed to stick out in my mind.
Why men are in trouble.
Okay, I'm going to click this.
Men are always in trouble.
They won't man up.
DarkSakura.com
I tend not to pay attention to what you are currently saying or what you have said or will say in the future.
So when William Bennett, President Obama, or my mom tells me to get off the video games five hours a week, get yourself together, get a challenging job, or get married, I tend to put that in the bottom of my to-do list.
Stay black, Red Entertainment.
This message was crafted while watching a news podcast on my Apple TV.
That's just called having a rebellious nature.
You don't want to do what someone tells you to do.
Someone says do it, you want to do something else.
That's actually very common.
A lot of people kind of have that rebellious nature, right?
Well, I'm just kind of glancing this over and... Is this an opinion piece?
I noticed it's on CNN.
Yeah, I think it's an opinion piece.
By a dude.
It is.
It's by a guy here.
Don't care.
Thanks for your email.
I was trying to read over your shoulder.
Oh, you can get in the email and read it yourself.
I'll read it and be more educated.
Do I look like your correspondent?
Now who's nagging?
I'm not nagging.
It's written by a guy who's literally from the Middle Ages.
Oh, you read it?
Yeah, he's super different.
Thank God someone's educated on this program.
He's so fucking old and he just, like, he complains about all this stuff.
Back in my day!
No, I actually put a comment on my Facebook when I linked the article.
I'm like, yeah, this article's missing a lot of back in my day and get off my lawn.
I mean, because seriously, that is what this is complaining about.
They need a man up.
Those people need to go into the military and fight for their country and blah, blah, blah.
That's what the problem with people is they sit at home and play their Xbox instead of getting a job.
It's like, oh, my God.
I mean, seriously...
Okay, well, how about this?
Okay, I'm going to put it this way.
Let's use a military angle.
Now, would you go to work for a place that you knew was in debt and charging more debt?
This is going to get political.
I already know where you're going with this.
But I'm just saying, would you?
If they offered a great retirement plan, I might.
Touch.
Their debt is not out.
However, if the company was in debt and started laying off people before you could retire...
I would, I think logically any profession you go into you would think about the longevity of your job, absolutely So then why would it be a good idea then to go into the military when the entire, the last couple of wars have been waged on a visa He's one of the people that's wrong with the problem, he's probably one of the 1% too
I don't want to say anything negative about people that choose to go into the military because it's a thankless job that not everybody's brave enough to do.
No, that wasn't my point.
I'm saying in response to this guy.
Okay.
What makes it attractive... Now, I understand going in for patriarchy.
That's one thing.
Or going in because it's a good option right now.
It's kind of a good... To be fair, it's a really good substitute for school.
I know that sounds like really fucked up but it's like that real world experience because people do a lot in the military I even considered going into the reserves for the Air Force but the whole thing is that he's bringing this up but what he's not looking at is that is there really going to be a future for more people involved if they can't afford to pay the people involved if we're charging up more debt I think that this guy is one of the old school who's part of the problem
You make it sound like, though, that we're paying back the debt.
I mean, we can borrow as much money as we want.
That's the problem.
They're not paying for the debt because we're not having a raise in taxes.
We're not rationing.
We're not doing any of the stuff that they've done in past wars.
This world's going to hell in a handbasket.
I bet you anything would have more jobs if we were actually working to fund the stuff ourselves and not outsourcing everything.
Well, that's a whole nother Oprah.
I wasn't literally saying though that he was telling people to go into the military.
I was just saying that he's, you know, of the mind of like old, old, old people.
I know that mindset though.
Just like very stubborn.
He thinks, oh, it's a new thing.
Therefore, it's the cause of all problems.
If it wasn't the comic books, the rock music, the drugs and more rock music, I mean, or maybe rap music.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Wasn't it, and I'm going to horribly misappropriate this quote and hopefully not disrespect somebody who recently deceased, but wasn't it even Steve Jobs who said something about like drugs was one of something that really like the one time he did it was kind of like a life changing thing, not necessarily in like a negative way, but that it was something that
I should have opened this box.
I tell you what, we would be missing several classic... Not that I'm condoning drugs.
No.
I'm not condoning drugs, but I'm just saying, you know.
But keep in mind, think of how many classic masterpieces would be missing if not for Absinthe.
Sometimes people who are a little rebellious cause us to think a little bit differently.
I guess that's really my point.
That's exactly it.
Think different, right?
Touche.
Except that's bad grammar and I can't quote that.
Shush.
All right.
Moving on.
That's it for the mailbag, huh?
That's it.
I said just two.
I guess this will be a... Well, I wasn't listening because all I was hearing was nagging.
Rob!
Rob!
Rob!
What a good opportunity to go to the F-U's of the week.
What?
I think that my FU of the week is going to be something a little bit less, I don't know, it's the whole job thing, you know, it's kind of getting on me and the whole marketing is really coming back to, it's really, and I told you guys before the show, but it's really playing a personal role in my life and
It's ridiculous, and I really want to give a big F you to people who try to argue against something that they don't believe in by using fallacious arguments, like number one.
But using fallatio is okay.
That's fine.
But you know what I mean.
Like, trying to discredit the person talking about something by saying that, you know, by trying to insult them.
Or by using, you know, sensationalist words or trying to show that, you know, an issue is skyrocketing.
Or throwing someone off the path to try to make themselves seem like they know what the hell they're talking about when they really don't.
If you feel a certain way just because you feel that way, or you have an opinion based on a feeling, just say that.
But if you don't have facts to support it, don't inject your shit where you don't know what the fuck you're talking about.
The end.
Loki!
Fuck you to being invited to the Saints Row Hollywood pre-launch event the day before it happens.
And yeah, it's just kind of hard to justify paying $400 for a goddamn ticket or driving a total of like 12 hours to and back from L.A.
to go play Saints Row for three hours.
I would have been in the car.
I don't know, Loki.
Yeah, but see, I have a wife to contend with as well.
Yeah, that's true, that's true.
But, you know, hey, if they were going to fly me down or something like that, that's cool.
But, see, here's the thing.
It's like, not that I would really want to rub elbows with, you know, Lindsay Lohan or anything like that down there, but they had a bunch of people, you know, all the photos are people, you know, taking in the free alcohol and taking pictures and dancing and stuff like that.
But no one fucking playing the goddamn game.
It was like, goddammit, they're playing the game.
Outro Music
They had one of the Kardashians or something there, but not any of the famous ones or something.
I don't remember who it was, like Rob Kardashian or something.
Isn't he the one that's on Dancing with the Stars?
Yeah, who was?
I don't know who the fuck he is.
But, you know, it's just like all these people, like, I wouldn't know who the hell they are.
And then they're like, so, but my guy at THQ is awesome, though, for at least sending me the invite.
You know, I was like, he's like, I just found out about this yesterday.
I'm like...
Thank you for watching!
No, I would have... Alan would be like, can you take me with you?
I seriously... Well, the only reason I know it's $400 is because I looked at the prices and tickets and it just... It was not going to happen.
Even if I was able to pay for that, the flights just wouldn't... You got a family to think about now.
And the flights just didn't jive and you would have had... I would have to drive 12 hours to play out three hours worth of a game that's coming out in a few weeks.
I mean...
I would normally do that if I had no restrictions, but I don't make enough for $400.
I can just blow away.
Alright, fair enough.
My FU of the week, I don't have a lot of serious stuff.
Things are going relatively well, all things considered.
So, FU to, I would say FU to the traffic up in Apple Hill yesterday.
Like, and the fact that all of the roads up there are only one lane with stop signs.
I mean, I get that it's supposed to be all rural and country, but there comes a point where you just admit you need to build a better off-ramp.
That's it.
Moving on to a couple more news stories for you guys.
And then, of course, Twitter topics and the Skype line very, very soon.
Loki.
This is kind of exciting.
Not in the way you probably think, though.
Grand Theft Auto 3 is having its 10th anniversary.
So Rockstar is celebrating by porting it to the iOS platform.
This would actually be the new iOS stuff.
The iPad 2 and iPhone 4S are going to be the only devices that are supporting it, at least on the Apple end.
Android phones are also getting it.
DroidX 2, HTC, Evo 2.
LG Optimus 2X, Motorola Atrix, and Samsung Galaxy S2, as well as Android tablets Acer, Icona, the Asus E-Pad, Motorola Zoom, and Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1.
So that game's going to be ported there in HD graphics and stuff like that.
Of course, some unique gameplay stuff there, but I don't know.
I think it'd be pretty hard to play on a system.
I'm just excited about the fact that they're doing that because that means that
You know, sooner or later this is coming to Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation.
I mean, come on.
They're putting in the work to do it now.
They're going to do it.
And once this comes, then Vice City and then San Andreas.
And that's just going to be amazing.
One other ridiculous thing, though, that they're having is they're having a 1.6 scale action figure you can buy of Claude from the hero, I guess, of the first game.
And, of course, comes with outfits and guns and stuff like that for $150.
Wow.
Not worth it, but if you're a really big fan, and I'm a huge fan of Grand Theft Auto, but I'm not paying $150 for a fucking toy.
No.
So.
Oh well.
It looks neat though.
Uh, yeah.
I guess any extra money they can get out of that franchise, they will, right?
Exactly.
I would love to play the game.
Apparently, though, they're going to be porting the game later on to other platforms, you know, like just the regular iPhone 4 and stuff like that, but it's not going to be as pretty.
And I do think that it does support some of the Bluetooth controllers and stuff like that, so that would be kind of cool to actually play with buttons, but
I really just wanted to come to Xbox Live Arcade.
Really, I would just say skip 3 and Vice City.
Just bring San Andreas.
San Andreas is multiplayer.
You don't even need to put out Grand Theft Auto 5 anytime soon.
People would eat that up.
Alright.
Moving on to Apple-related news, other iOS news.
This has to do with Game Center, which got some minor upgrades in the whole iOS 5 thing, but nothing really to scream about.
I mean, yay, it shows you your total achievement points now in comparison to others, and you can have your own little picture.
Whoopee!
But you gotta wonder if maybe there was other stuff that was supposed to come Because some patents that Apple had filed was talking about avatars Little avatars on game centers, you know, where you could have little hats and hair Pretty much the exact same thing, you know, with the Xbox avatars and the Miis on the Wii That is apparently something that Apple was or is looking at for game center The patents were originally filed in April
But obviously we didn't see this in iOS 5.
So either it was scrapped or who knows.
Don't those remind me of the little figures or the characters from Tiny Tower?
Oh, kind of.
Yeah, because Tiny Tower kind of has that thing going on with it.
But I got to say, honestly, this is just, okay, it's just another version of the me.
Avatar is somewhere else.
Woo-hoo.
So whatever.
Game Center is kind of a...
I don't know, there's just not a lot to get excited about with Game Center.
I mean, I get that Apple's kind of trying to standardize things, but you look at what's going on with things like OpenFaint, and you're kind of like, wow, they seem to be pushing the envelope a lot faster and doing other exciting things with it.
But the problem with OpenFaint is that because it's not tied into the iOS, it kind of sometimes can get in the way and is distracting, and a lot of games really push it when you're like, you know what, I'm not interested in all that.
so, I don't know this is something I've noticed amongst my iOS gaming alright, DarkSakura, what do you got for us?
We have a few things.
Well, really just one thing, but it has to do with EVE Online.
There is an offer going out for lapsed EVE Online users to save money.
So basically, if they reactivate their account, they pay $4.95 for 30 days instead of $14.95.
So I guess it's just to get people back in for that month and see if it keeps them hooked.
It's very interesting.
Well, I'm sure when there's all these other MMOs going on, you know, and of course launches coming up like Star Wars and so forth, you know, these aging MMOs have to do everything they can to kind of get people to look at it again, you know?
Yeah.
But of course, EVE has that whole spinoff coming to the PlayStation 3 they were talking about at E3.
That's true.
So that right there is probably going to get a lot of people kind of looking back at EVE, I'm sure.
Possibly.
Yeah.
So...
So Sony is apparently looking for, or possibly mulling around if you will, an idea where people can actually get a discount on purchasing UMD games on the Vita if you currently own the actual UMD game.
And this is coming from the Japanese language fact that's posted, I guess, on Sony's PlayStation website.
They're saying that the fact notes that they're considering a service to offer PSN versions of UMD games users own for a special price.
This isn't a confirmation, obviously, but it's something that they're considering.
Details of the service will be announced later.
I don't know how the hell they're going to be able to do that, but maybe you have to pop it in your PSP and...
It recognizes it's there, something like that.
I don't know how that really works.
yeah it says I guess also it says that the Vita will play all downloadable PSP games except for game archives which I guess is the Japanese label for the PlayStation 1 classics Neo Geo games and retro downloads so you're not going to be able to play your PlayStation 1 games I guess but maybe they're going to have a different way to play them later on or something oh well that's too bad
Not surprising, though.
Well, it's hard to support all this backwards, you know?
It's akin to the whole PlayStation 2 games that are now showing up on PlayStation 3.
You know, I don't know.
It's kind of what it reminds me of.
South Park, Tenorman's Revenge
Do you remember Scott Tenorman?
That was the character where his parents were chopped up and Cartman fed the parents into chili to Scott Tenorman.
That was one of the most fucked up episodes of South Park that there was.
Well, it was a play on Titus, right?
One of those movies that had come out around the same time.
And it was one of those so sick it was funny.
Yeah.
So...
Anyhow, I guess it was being shown at Comic-Con and some screenshots have come out of it.
It looks like it might be a little more of a platformer.
They have a trailer for it.
It's actually pretty cool looking.
And ManBearPig is in it.
Oh, is there a trailer?
There is a trailer for it.
Let me find it.
It is pretty cool looking.
It looks like a four-player side-scroller game.
Okay, here we go.
I've got a trailer here.
Let's take a look.
Is he building a robot?
Oh, I get it.
Begin ginger-vacation.
Nice.
There's some gameplay.
It looks like it might be like four players simultaneous.
Yeah.
It's kind of what it looks like.
You can play as the goon.
I've been waiting a long time for this.
That might be cute.
A lot of those South Park games are kind of dopey.
God, there was one that was especially terrible.
What was it on?
I want to say it was on the Nintendo 64.
The South Park kart racing game?
Not even that.
That was pretty bad too.
There was a first person shooter game.
It wasn't a kart racing game.
It was a first person shooter.
It was a special kind of terrible.
I remember that.
I played that.
Hopefully it's better than that.
All right.
Oh, even TigerClaw in our chatroom at chat.orange.com just brought that game up, the N64 game.
And Ranma's like, I remember that.
Yeah, I'd like to forget that that ever happened.
Thanks.
All right.
Skyplane is open.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio if you want to give us a call and talk about anything that we have talked about tonight so far on the show or maybe something that we missed that you were hoping we would talk about.
I don't know.
Meanwhile, going to some Twitter topics.
Which I'm signed into the wrong account I was about to read tweets that were sent to me Not to the show Oh Rob, you're being a diva Are you reading my mother's Twitter?
No
Going to some tweets.
We have a couple tweets here from Tigerclaw305.
He always likes to tweet us some stories that otherwise might slip through the cracks.
The first one that he tweeted us is about a Spider-Man video game.
The amazing Spider-Man video game coming in 2012.
It's supposed to be open world.
And I guess there's teaser posters all over New York Comic Con about it.
Obviously the new movie, because they're rebooting the franchise that wasn't that dead.
But whatever, they're rebooting it in 2012.
So that's on its way.
They also have a trailer for that too.
Is there really?
Let me see if we can find... Well, hold on, because we're getting a call.
I'll look for a trailer for this while we take our call, but we do have a call coming in, so let's go do it.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's DJ Ranma S from Anime Jam Session.
How are you guys doing tonight?
I am fantastic, Ranma.
How are you doing?
I am tired.
I am sitting here pouring over photos, pouring over videos, and sipping my spiked apple juice.
Now, you were at New York Comic Con this weekend, right?
Yes, I was.
All four days.
And are you working on your Fernando cosplay?
No.
And screw you, Loki.
No.
No.
No.
No.
All right.
You know we just got to give you a hard time.
Besides, I have a Buddha belly, so that ain't happening anytime soon.
All right.
All right.
Well, how was the con?
Tell us about it.
Okay, first, I got to ask.
I got to ask.
Did you play Bungie Ferret Tossing?
Yes.
Yes, I did.
And we do have a demo video up.
Woohoo!
And I just posted it in the chat room.
Was this blessed by YYR?
Yes, yes it was.
Okay, just making sure.
Plus, I am also press, so you know.
Oh, I see.
Oh, you're a press.
Oh yeah, because you're out of my jam session.
Alright, let's see what this is.
Action.
DJ Ranma S in.
Okay, first off, you want to cut out the guy that says action.
You do know that, right?
You do realize I'm up here rushing, trying to get the video online.
All right, all right, all right.
I love the poster in the background, too.
How long is your snake?
That's also, he also has it as a shirt.
Clever, clever.
We're going to check out OLR's exclusive game, Bunget Ferret Tossin'.
Are you playing this in hard mode?
Oh, we're watching it.
And so you're kind of moving around on the helicopter.
It doesn't look like things are going too crazy on the ground right now.
Oh, there go the ferrets.
It's kind of interesting.
This strikes me as like a mix between like a twin stick shooter, like Geometry Wars, where you're trying to dodge all the bullets.
But yet...
It's a whole different element, like you don't shoot the same way It's like this mixture of Defender and Geometry Worms We can't fix the chopper in battle, so be careful Now the blood splats aren't really coming through very well on this video, but still Very cool Tell us a little more You can see the ground's all bloody, that's awesome
Tell us a little more while we watch the rest of this gameplay video here.
I have to say that is one of the most bloodiest 8-bit style video games I have played in a very long time.
Which is a good thing.
If it has our name on it, it better.
Awesome.
Well, what else did you see in New York Comic Con?
Some other stuff, but before I continue, if you notice, the ferret that Fernando is tossing looks familiar if you follow Naruto.
Really?
Oh, is it?
Oh, that is hers, isn't it?
Yes, it is.
Awesome.
Awesome.
Well, of course, it's a video game.
There's got to be a Naruto reference in it someplace.
But there's a kill counter.
Final Fantasy XIII 2 You can jump in this game It's about freaking time I thought Square Enix didn't know how to handle jumping
I played the demo it was pretty fun and I hate to say it I am not saying this as a 360 fanboy but they did have the 360 and the PS3 versions both sitting on display same model TVs and looks like the graphics in the 360 version looks a little bit sharper a little bit crisper interesting because usually you would think with the whole Blu-ray stuff that it would look a little better on the PlayStation 3 pretty much and I was kind of shocked by that
Mega Man Legends
They actually went to the Capcom booth and protested them canceling Mega Man Legends 3 They should have done an Occupy Capcom booth Occupy Capcom, is that what was going on?
One of them actually had a sign, I might have taken a picture, Occupy Capcom Nice, we are the 99% of gamers that want a new Mega Man game Nice
and they're all walking around the convention center trying to get people to follow with them and I saw one of them and I said, you do realize it's not going to happen, right?
They're like, you shut up, it'll happen!
And I'm like, sure it will.
It's going to be a lot harder once certain individuals have left Capcom, but okay.
Yeah, pretty much.
Nice, but they didn't get thrown out of the booth?
No, not at all That's good, I was thinking maybe there was going to be some drama, some throwdown, some cops called No, no, no, we were too far away from that I see, I see Alright, well, I don't know what else to ask you about the con, anything else you want to share with us tonight?
Uh, let's see
I would say the cosplays.
The most popular gaming cosplay I saw this weekend was pretty much Link, Mario, and Peach.
So just kind of your traditional Nintendo characters.
Very traditional.
Yeah, and also there's this one guy, he cosplays the Red Trainer from Pokemon.
He actually was walking around the convention center with his bike, playing the Pokemon theme as you're walking through, as you're playing the game.
That background music.
Nice.
I thought that was pretty cool.
Sounds pretty intricate to me.
He's one step up.
I would be too lazy to do something like that.
At least you're honest.
Pretty much.
All right, my friend.
Well, do you have anything else you want to share with us tonight before I let you go?
Not now, but I think I'm waiting on a response from somebody.
Here's some other interesting information.
As soon as I hear it, you'll be the first to know.
All right.
Hmm.
Interesting.
All right.
Keep me posted.
Will do.
All right.
Later, buddy.
You got it, bro.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio if you want to give us a call.
I'm very appreciative of the video of Bungee Ferret Tossing since we weren't there to play it.
I'm excited that it's only going to be a dollar.
That's a bargain price for a game.
I love that YYR is doing that.
It really is a labor of love for the craft of creating games.
It's awesome.
Back to the Twitter at twitter.com slash OLR.
Another tweet coming to us from Tigerclaw who links us to this article on Gamasutra about a mobile game that promotes social network safety for children.
I thought we had something similar to this last week, but I don't think it's quite the same thing.
Because I think this one is now an iOS game that's coming out and it's about Be Seen, which is like a network.
And I guess it's like telling people not to share all their personal shit online.
You know what I mean?
You know, because some kids don't really know better, right?
So you've got to teach them how to handle social networking appropriately.
All right, let's go to another call.
We're getting more calls on the line here, so we'll go to another one.
Hi, you're on Orange Challenge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's CD Thunder.
Hey, CD Thunder.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Not much.
I have a couple things I'd like to talk about.
All right, what's up?
Well, I went to the mall today and there's an arcade game that I just couldn't stop playing.
I was like, oh, man, this is so good.
I gotta keep playing.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, of course.
What game's that?
I'm not sure if you've heard of it.
It's called Paradise Lost.
I don't think I have heard of that.
Tell me the setup for this.
It's basically you're this survivor on an island and you go from gun to gun and just mowing down all these guys.
That's...
That's how you pretty much do.
And then you get these different bosses like helicopters and stuff.
So it's pretty basic.
But there's one boss that's called the Chucker, and it's this mutant-looking thing that just throws exploding barrels at you.
I'm finding that this is apparently Paradise Lost is an arcade version of the series Far Cry and specifically Far Cry Instincts so now the way you're describing the game kind of makes a lot of sense so this is some type of like port to it I guess it's a rail shooter arcade game port of Far Cry Instincts and it was made in 2007 and I guess it uses hardware very similar to Aliens Extermination so kind of neat
Well, it would be kind of cool if they actually put Paradise Lost on the Wii or some other system because it's just a lot of fun.
It's very addicting.
Well, just so you know, if you do really like the game, you might want to check out the Far Cry series.
Far Cry Instincts was on the original Xbox, not the 360, but the old, old Xbox.
It was actually made in like 2005.
So if you like those type of games, you know, you like that, you might enjoy the Far Cry series, which, you know, they're still making those games.
Like Far Cry 3 is...
Coming out next year?
I don't think it's out yet.
No, it's definitely not out yet, but it's coming out soon.
Wasn't that the one they were showing the big trailer for and it was like really like creepster looking?
They kicked the guy down the cave.
Was that Far Cry?
Or am I mixing it up with another series?
I think it was.
I think it was.
I don't know offhand.
Anyway, sorry, CD Thunder.
Don't mean to digress.
What else did you check out?
That was the only arcade game that I want to talk about, but the next thing I'd like to discuss is what I think would make a really good game.
Alrighty.
I'm not sure if you agree with me on this, but what if somebody combined House of the Dead and Carnival and made it just one game?
That would already be House of the Dead.
House of the Dead.
How so, DarkSakura?
Because it's kind of like the shooter and everything?
Or maybe I'm picturing in what CD Thunder is describing like an evil carnival, maybe, like a possessed... I guess that is carnival, isn't it?
Well, the thing is... I think carnival just needs more zombies.
The thing is you go to the house of the dead, and along the way you find this girl, and you rescue her, and she'd tag along with you throughout the entire...
rest of the game and then you think you're done and then one of the evil characters from the current evil game comes out and kidnaps her and then you have to go in there and rescue her.
So it would be one long game instead of just two separate ones.
Well, you should tweet the idea to Sega because anything is possible through Twitter.
That's something we've learned very recently.
All right.
Well, CD Thunder buddy, I'm going to let you go so we can get more calls if you have any final thoughts.
Can I plug something?
Okay.
It's another gaming podcast.
It's called Four Player Podcast.
It's really good.
I'm not saying that this one isn't really good, but it's another really good one.
No, I'm familiar with that show.
It is a fine show, and I think some of their folks follow me on Twitter and vice versa.
So they do a lot with the Justin TV integration, which is something we kind of used to do, but our radio show is not that exciting to watch.
So getting a webcam back here hasn't exactly been a high priority for us, but they're a little better at integrating all the video, the actual gameplay and all of that.
Well, if you had a webcam, everybody could see Shermie.
Yeah.
Maybe we just need a Shermie cam.
We'll put a camera under the table and you can see my feet and Shermie.
We'll think about that.
That's a good suggestion.
All right.
Later, buddy.
Bye.
Bye.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio if you want to give us a call.
And I think we're out of tweets.
Not a lot of people tweeting us this week.
Although I will say this.
This actually came in earlier in the week.
Zushi13 had tweeted us saying, I got to play some Bungie Ferret Toss.
It's a really fun game.
Oh, 13forever tweeted us saying, sweet, Scribblenauts for iOS is real and ready for install.
And tweets us that, yeah, Scribblenauts came out on the iOS this week.
I remember seeing that in the App Store.
Now, my iPhone broke this week.
My sleep button no longer works.
And it's really killed my desire to spend a lot of money on iOS products right now, especially when I can't get a new iPhone until January.
And I was talking about this a little bit on Bobby's show.
But, uh, you know, I'm not exactly in a rush to replace my iPhone.
In fact, now I'm thinking maybe I want a different phone.
But yet I've spent all that money on apps.
I don't know what to do.
Wah.
I guess we'll just take another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawns Radio.
Who's this?
This is Shane.
Hey, Shane, what's up?
Um, not a whole lot.
I just wanted to say the word Skylanders so I could hear the rant that Loki went on earlier.
That's your fault for not being here at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern.
I had a work thing I had to go to.
It was pizza.
Like, I was gonna pass up pizza.
Well, Loki?
I already made him a rant.
I'm just saying, you know, yeah, it's cool that your store sold out of them or whatever.
I hope those four copies went pretty fast.
I had more than four copies.
I had like eight on PS3, eight on 360, eight on Wii, and four on 3DS, and then all the little freaking boxes of the single figurines.
Do you have games?
I mean, eight doesn't sound like a lot.
Of course, granted, you're in Kansas.
I'm guessing it's six because they came in case slots of six.
That's only one case of each.
That's not a lot.
I'm curious if there's other games that maybe have the potential to sell eight copies in a day.
I mean, that doesn't sound like that many.
Well, across multiple systems, on a Sunday release that's not a Nintendo game is pretty significant.
I'm optimistic that they're going to fail still.
Although I did see, I saw a review from like some site.
It's the only review that they have right now that's like 8 out of 10.
But, you know, like Kotaku, for example, they're like, I think this concept is pretty awesome.
Yeah, you think it's pretty awesome because they sent you five fucking copies of the game and all the toys.
Well, this looks like fun.
Are you kidding me whilst I open this up?
Okay, fine.
Whatever.
But reading the feedback from people that are looking at the trailers and stuff, they're like, what the fuck happened to Spyro?
What have they done to this guy?
He looks pretty mean now.
And the 3DS one comes with a black version, like an evil Spyro or something.
Yeah.
And that was kind of cool looking, but he still didn't look like Spyro.
Let me kind of turn this on you and ask you about something that we also talked about in the beginning of the show.
No, yes, because last week on the show you were here defending Final Fantasy XIV and saying I should play it again.
And I did.
And I talked about that at the top of the show.
Which you said was pretty negative sounding.
Well, I would say I gave it a mixed review.
Because there are things I like about it.
Like the whole way you can mix and match your talents.
And I thought there's so much more to do for a single player now.
And I realized that a lot of the crafting jobs...
are really there for the single player experience.
You're not exactly going to party up to go do botany together.
That's really part of the single player game, which is cool.
Ooh, but we should, because that'd be hilarious.
But my real question for you is, and then just so you know, the bottom line is, it's better, and it's much better than fucking garbage, which is what I called it last time, but I'm not going to pay the monthly fee.
and that was the news that came out this week is that now they're charging a monthly fee for Final Fantasy XIV you didn't know that last week what's your reaction to all the news about Final Fantasy XIV this week?
in regards to the monthly fee I feel like it's way too early and I also feel like that's not what the dev team was going for because recently in a post they said that the game's only like halfway to where they want it to be and they weren't going to start charging a fee until it was 100% that way so clearly that came from the top down I don't feel like it's really ready for a monthly fee but I will pay it because I am having fun
and in terms of like the other things they announced like completely rebooting the game again I'm actually kind of excited for that because the one fake little screenshot they made looked really cool and they're adding classes I care about and it's more Final Fantasy now it sounds like really Final Fantasy 11 2 with all the changes they're doing
I gotta admit, from that screenshot, I don't know why, but I was thinking it looked like Phantasy Star Online with Final Fantasy characters.
That would be amazing, especially since we probably aren't getting Phantasy Star Online 2.
It was one sexy-looking screenshot.
It is a concept.
Not until it's in my hot little hands.
And it seems weird to me that they're going to make the graphics look better, yet allow the game to run on lower-end PCs.
Yeah.
It's just about optimization, though, from what I understand.
This game is horribly optimized for anything.
Once again, though, we're talking a year's time that this thing is going to be fully rebooted.
I just can only imagine the games are going to look still even better than they are now.
To me, it's almost like the Wii U, I guess.
How they're kind of late to the game with everything.
It's like, oh, look, we're pushing these HD graphics.
that everyone else has been putting out for years now.
It kind of seems like to me.
But it still looks sexy.
Will it be good enough for me to play?
It does have the uniqueness of being a Japanese MMO that's pretty big here in the States.
At least Final Fantasy XI is.
And there's not a lot of Asian, in general, no matter what country, MMOs that do very well here.
Most of the MMOs that are doing well here are developed by studios that are here.
Like WoW, of course, is the big one, developed by Blizzard.
So, you know, I don't know.
I guess that was really all I wanted to ask you, was about Final Fantasy XIV and where you're at with that.
So are you going to be paying for WoW and Final Fantasy XIV, or are you saying you're into XIV so much you might cancel WoW?
Um, yeah, I might.
It depends on what BlizzCon says this week and how fun 4.3 is.
Also, when it comes out, because who knows how long that is, but I'm just sick of, you know, grinding Rep in Firelands and jumping.
So Final Fantasy XIV is something pretty and distracting right now, right?
Yes, and it's still free because they said they'll give us ample notice of when it actually goes to pay and I'm guessing it's more like early December instead of late November.
So I still have like two months.
I'm wondering how my 30-day trial is going to play into it.
I totally am going to get screwed with that.
Like my 30-day trial will be up and then the fee kicks in.
It's like I didn't get shit.
I didn't get shit like everybody else got.
Oh well.
Oh, well, I'm part of that, too.
I mean, I've only been playing for, what, a week longer than you?
You didn't even buy the damn game.
It was comped to you, so shut up.
I did get it for free.
But I still won a free 30-day trial, too.
I paid half what most people paid for it new, but I still paid 25 bucks for it.
And then my DVD was damaged.
And screw that.
Square needs to learn how to make a PC game, for fuck's sake.
I do think the game is going to be pretty neat on PlayStation 3.
Yeah, I think I might jump to that when it comes out.
Do you think the game can save itself?
Do you think a game can actually relaunch and be credible?
I think it can, but probably not to the extent that they're hoping for.
I think it'll bring in a few more people.
It'll probably keep the current players, but it's not going to be a huge relaunch.
Despite what they want You're not going to get thousands and thousands of more people playing
I think honestly the smart thing for them to do is to go to the Guild Wars model where you're not totally free to play but once you buy the game you get to play online for free and they should look at doing expansions for money or just more regular content updates like what they're doing with Final Fantasy XI that cost money and that's how they should do it.
If they did that I'd buy it.
The monthly fee is not going to work for this game anymore.
Except for Final Fantasy XI does those little baby expansions and still charges you a monthly fee.
But Final Fantasy XI is also a better game.
Ooh, that's true.
All right.
It's not as pretty.
All right.
On that note, I'm going to let you go, all right?
All right.
All right.
Take care.
Bye.
Bye.
All right.
I guess that's going to do it for the Skype line tonight.
Sorry to those of you that didn't get through, but why don't you think about writing us an email?
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place to send us an email if you'd like.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com or, of course, Twitter.
We had a very empty Twitter tonight.
I'm very sad.
Twitter.com slash OLR.
Alright, well that's going to wrap up another show.
I've got to ask though, DarkSakura and Loki, if they have any last minute stories they want to throw out here?
I've started a political social blog.
Oh dear.
Wait a minute, women think independently now?
I'm teasing.
Girl.
She's trying very hard not to laugh.
Like she wants to give me that stern I hate you look, but she can't do it.
Rob's going to take me to Pinkberry to appease me.
Oh, whatever.
All right.
No.
Vote no on that.
That's my political blog.
All right.
You know I'm just giving you a hard time.
Yeah, I know.
Good luck with that.
That's what you're... I was going to do another joke, but I can't.
No, it's my second blog.
All right.
Cause my other blog's like about girly shit.
Okay, alright.
Alright, uh, Loki, any last minute news you want to get into?
Uh, they're supposed to be doing a Layton Brothers game for iPhone sometime soon.
I'm assuming this is only going to be on the Japanese iOS, so.
Thanks for watching!
I want to read this because this guy said after five years listening, he's finally listening to a live show.
It's Swongtong is the name in chat.
And Swongtong asks, how come MMOs on PlayStation 3 don't use the mouse and keyboard?
Actually, some do.
And I believe Final Fantasy 14 is still they're going to plan on using a keyboard even when it rolls out to the PlayStation 3.
And everything on PlayStation 3 is all Bluetooth and USB anyway, right?
Like I know on Xbox 360, you can hook in a keyboard.
You can play Final Fantasy XI on 360 with a keyboard.
I used to do that when it first came out.
So as far as PlayStation 3 goes, you can put in a keyboard.
You can type messages and so forth.
As far as MMOs embracing it...
Well, maybe the keyboard adoption policy isn't maybe high enough to do that.
But I think for a game like Final Fantasy XIV, like if I were to play that on the PlayStation 3, I definitely would have to have a keyboard.
Luckily, I already have one that's specifically for the gaming consoles.
It lights up blue.
It's really pretty.
All right.
Loki, any other stories for us tonight?
Uh, no, the only other story I have is not really gaming related, but my wife is trying to download the version of Firefox that is British English so that all of her stuff will be spellchecked into the Queen's English because she's obsessed with Game of Thrones and I don't know why.
so she better start learning to use more vowels I would have put that on DarkSakura to do something like that before Nelly I've done it before okay never mind I stand no I've actually got I've actually got a British grammar checker okay because well every so okay here's a true story use less Z's and more U's there you go
In college, I actually had this whole thing where I was doing nothing but writing everything in British English.
And my teacher let me do it.
He just said, pick one and write in it.
So, every so often... Less Zeds.
Excuse me.
Fewer Zeds.
All right.
Don't use that.
What?
The Zed word.
I guess that's it that's it we're going around and get everybody's final thought and wrapping up another week here at Orange Launch Radio before we do that I really want to thank you guys again for tuning in and spending another week with us thank you so much you know all we ask we do this for free you'll notice there's no advertising or anything like that except for our own other side projects which by the way include the best little Horde House Nazaroth at HordeHouse.com if you like your Warcraft we had a fun show tonight in fact we taped earlier today this is my second podcast of the day
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
What I really want to say is thank you guys very much for tuning in.
Thank you for supporting our show.
The OL Army, which is what we call our fans, make this all worth it and keep us motivated to do this for years and years.
If you like the show, all we ask, tell a friend, tell somebody about the show.
Word of mouth is all we got.
We're not funded by a million dollar magazine, so please, please help us spread the word.
And again, I'll just say the Podcast Awards, great way to help spread the word.
So please consider throwing us your vote over in that contest at podcastawards.com.
and one more shout out to our buddies at the Geek Spin who are also nominated and we hope that even if we can't win, we hope they do.
They're in best pod safe music.
In a perfect world, we'd both win, but you know, we don't always get what we want.
We don't always get what we want.
Anyhow, let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
Loki, what's your final thought tonight?
I'm now telling my wife how to add a British English spell check to it and I unfortunately had to add it to mine in order to figure out how to do it so now I can talk in the Queen's English if I really wanted to but I don't want to congratulations you'll have to start tweeting in the Queen's English speaking of the Queen, DarkSakura, your final thought tonight I am disillusioned with this country
My final thought tonight is Pretty Rainbow.
Pretty Rainbow.
Your dresser's little drawer's there.
Actually, that is why I bought it.
Alright.
That's it.
Thank you guys for tuning in and listening to us.
We'll do it again next week.
DarkSakura, is next week your week off?
No, it's not the week after.
Alright, so we'll all be back here then next week.
So until then, have a wonderful night, be safe, and please, when you're gaming online, don't be a dick.
Goodnight.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific Time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week!
Thanks for watching!
