The PlayStation Vita has an American launch date.
Blizzard will throw in a free game if you commit to a year of Warcraft.
And updates to the 3DS firmware are detailed.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com with the 433rd episode of our show for this
October the 20, what is it today, the 23rd of 2011.
We do tape live every Sunday night at All Games Radio right after the Bobby Black Wolf
Show.
6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, about.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'll be joining you over the next few hours, not sadly with
my awesome co-host Dark Sakura.
She has the night off.
She is en route to Anaheim right now.
She's going to Blizzcon a little too late.
No, obviously what's next door to Blizzcon?
Disneyland.
And that is the true destination for her and the hubby.
But joining me tonight is the one and only tech master, Loki.
Hello.
How you doing, Loki?
I'm doing fine.
Awesome.
So what is the perennial question for our chat room?
They always want to know what was dinner tonight?
Double Western Bacon Cheeseburger from Carl's Jr.
Awesome.
Chat.
Chat.OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you want to join us live in our chat room.
Joining us tonight, since Dark Sakura is not here, we do have another panelist here tonight.
So kind to always fill in on all the OLR network shows when there's an opening.
Say hello to the one and only Salacious Pop.
What up?
How you doing, Salacious Pop?
I'm doing alright.
How are you?
Sup?
I am good.
What's new with you?
How's life been treating you?
Fairly boring.
I'm around.
I live with you.
You should know.
You don't have to ask me that.
Well, this is what we call Radio Banter, where you entertain the listeners.
You still have a lot to learn, young one.
Alright.
Join our chat room.
Chat.OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
DDRDollarBill is in our chat room tonight saying it's an all-male review.
Yes, tonight is an all-male review.
Maybe we'll have some female callers.
We'll see.
We will take your live calls later on in the show in Part B.
Getting right into the video game chat tonight, Derek H. throws down the gauntlet, so to speak,
in our chat room.
OLR, I would like to invite you and your listeners to participate in the big battle racing series
on Forza 4.
Now I have heard about the big battle that's going on.
It's this thing that Derek does with a lot of the all-game shows, and I participated
in one a little while ago when it was pinball.
The only reservation I have is that it's Forza 4, and I really stink at the Forza series.
I'm usually more into the arcade racers.
Like if we were talking like Blur, Burnout, Mario Kart, like that's the stuff up my alley.
The real stuff, like Forza, Gran Turismo, I am terrible at that stuff.
I consistently drive in walls.
Are you a Forza person, Loki?
Would you be able to represent the OL Army?
I don't even have Forza.
I need someone to step up in our chat room at chat.orangeloungeradio.com to participate
on behalf of OLR.
We need somebody to do it.
Somebody needs to show that we are not all weak when it comes to racing games.
But of course, when Mario Kart 7 comes out, it's on.
You'd play it if it was Initial D, right?
You love that game.
Yeah, as long as it had like Eurobeat in the background.
Or Outrun.
That would be awesome.
But see, Initial D, again, is an arcade racer.
And I love Midnight Maximum Tune in the arcades.
I'd be down with Ridge Racer.
Ridge Racer.
Ridge Racer!
Anyway, if you want more information on that, you want to sign up on behalf of Orange Lounge
Radio.
TheBigBattle.net.
So check that out.
And yeah, we need some helps representing Forza 4, because lord knows I can't.
Alright, before we get into our gaming week, I wanted to talk about this a little bit.
Well first, I gotta throw this out there.
We've been mentioning this the past couple weeks on the show.
I gotta reiterate this.
We are nominated in the 2011 Podcast Awards, www.podcastawards.com.
And we need your votes.
You can vote every day between now and the 27th.
We mentioned this last week on the show.
We don't ask a lot here at Orange Lounge Radio.
We don't play advertising on the show.
We don't ask for your money or premium subscriptions or sell any apps or anything like that.
So you know, if you like what you hear, all we ask is that you spread the word.
We say that at the end of every show.
And winning the award would be great for promotion.
And not just us, but the network we're on, it would be terrific.
We won the award back in 2005 when podcasting was like first, first out there.
And it was great promotion then.
But since then, a lot of corporate casts have come in and really just dominated, because
you know, they can put ads in their magazines and they get millions of visitors on their
sites.
So us lowly independents, you know, have struggled a lot to promote amongst that.
Now there's a lot of great independent shows nominated.
So I'm feeling pretty good.
At least some deserving independent will win.
But of course, we'd like it to be us, I'm not going to lie.
So please, if you enjoy Orange Lounge Radio, consider voting for us in the podcast awards.
Dark Sakura will be back next week too.
I had a little note to mention that for those that are Dark Sakura fans.
We will still have a classic game of the week and all that fun stuff tonight.
So stay tuned.
I want to talk about this story too before we get into the gaming weeks and the news
and all that.
And that is this interesting way that gaming maybe is changing.
This little kind of like blink and you miss it story came up this week and it was about
FIFA 12.
And especially for a lot of the people in our audience, I know we don't have as many
sports games fans, you know, because I know a lot of you guys, we started with music games,
a lot of you in role playing games, some of that too.
But certainly there's the occasional sports game that we all enjoy.
You know, for me, the old NBA Jam, Blades of Steel, a lot of the old school stuff.
But what I think is interesting about this whole FIFA 12 thing is that you can play FIFA
12, at least a demo of it, right, via YouTube.
And I guess it's like a partnership that this company Gaikai is doing with YouTube where
you go on and you can go to this page to visit, you know, information about FIFA 12 and you
can actually stream this demo.
You don't download anything to your computer or what have you.
It's like OnLife.
This is basically an OnLife competitor but no standalone client.
I guess it's all run through Java or what have you.
So you can go on, check out this game, and stream it and all the graphics and everything
through the magic of the cloud gaming and all that stuff so you're not really downloading
a whole lot to your computer.
And while this might not seem like such a big deal at first, I kind of go like, okay,
well, hold on a minute.
If this is going on YouTube, which is how we watch a lot of like movies and music videos
now, I mean, does MTV play music videos anymore?
No.
Sometimes.
Where do we get our music videos?
I think they have a show that does that.
Like one show that comes on at midnight?
All right.
Beavis and Butthead is coming back this week.
So that's old school.
That is awesome.
But what does this mean?
Do you think this could mean anything for the future of gaming?
Because now we've got two companies that are going into cloud gaming and later on tonight
we're going to get into rumors about the Xbox and whatever next is for them and then PlayStation
4.
What?
I mean, could this be technology that we see built into consoles?
Is this something that's going to go wider, do you think?
This kind of reminds me of that vaporware console that was announced around the time
the 360 and the PS3 were, which was, I believe the Phantom, if you remember that, where you
could sign up to sign up to get the preliminary launch announcement.
I do remember that.
And I think that's why a lot of people kind of laughed on live when it first came out.
Yeah.
And then I remember going to that E3.
Were you at that E3 Loki or was that the year after you went?
Yeah.
Okay.
Remember when on live was there on the floor and it was like, holy shit, it works.
Like a lot of people were like, okay, wait, where's the box?
What's the trick?
And like, that was really people's reaction to on live is holy shit, it works.
Now on live's biggest challenge is getting the games on the service.
You know, they don't really have a lot unfortunately, but it works.
But yeah, the Phantom and all that kind of, it wasn't so much skeptical.
It wasn't so much a gaming console as it was a gaming appliance, but that didn't really
seem like, you know, there was no way to actually load media onto it.
It was all kind of DS DLC or all streaming.
And that seems like, well, why can't you just do that on a computer once they can figure
out the parity between the bandwidth and the response time?
And it sounds like it's here.
So yeah.
I bet.
Do you think this is something that we could see?
I mean, you know, right now we have X-Box live arcade where you download these little
games to the console and your PlayStation network.
Do you think there's going to come a time where we stream games services?
Yeah, absolutely.
Because I mean, as bandwidth gets better, it's going to get even easier to stream something
like that.
And I mean, they're only a couple hundred meg at most.
I mean, well, some of them are like a couple gig, but you know, they have limits in size
and stuff to what they can put on X-Box live arcade.
So it would be possible to stream something like that.
Or if they have a way to where they could split the game up, you know, by level or whatever
so that you start streaming the game and as you progress through the game, you have the
rest of the levels are streaming in, then yeah, definitely it's something they could
do.
Plus, you know, with all the announcements like a couple weeks ago where, you know, both
Unreal's now being supported in web browsers and you know, also Crytek is looking at getting
the CryEngine in, you know, to Flash as well.
So you know, with that stuff coming about, yeah, I can definitely see them doing a lot
more gaming on demand type stuff through web browsers because I mean, that way you don't
even have to sell a console.
So that could be kind of bad news for consoles actually, if you think about it.
Could you imagine in the future, I mean, this might be actually a horrible thing, but maybe
we're already there.
I don't know.
But remember how like we would go to arcades?
Remember the arcade when they weren't full of ticket machines, we would go there to like
play against people and stuff.
I mean, what about a system where you deposit a virtual quarter or a token and play a game
streaming against, you know, play around a SoulCalibur 2 or I guess now it would be 5
against somebody long distance.
I mean, I think we're kind of already there.
That will work and here's why, it's because they've tried that already with like the IOS
stuff.
You have, you know, the Capcom games where you can pay a quarter to play an arcade game
on, you know, a handheld system or something like that and people are like, no, I'm not
going to do that.
Yeah, and IOS also sucks for gaming unless the game is built around the touchscreen.
Even if it was, you know, on my computer and I had a controller and stuff like that, I
would not pay per game.
No, screw that.
I bought the game.
I'm going to play the game.
But you used to play 50 cents per round of DDR.
Yeah, and that's a little bit different.
Or a dollar, shit.
Are they going to ship me some pads and ship me a nice arcade system?
Then yeah, well, I'll consider it then, but it's not like that.
You're using all my hardware and all you're doing is sending me the code for your game.
Well, it's being, it's being rendered offsite though, right?
It's just being streamed to you.
Like you don't need the graphics card or anything, right?
It's in the cloud.
It's all in the cloud through the magic of the cloud.
You know, I don't like the cloud.
You know what?
Fuck the cloud.
Is that what you're saying?
Fuck the cloud.
Yeah.
He was Final Fantasy's best antagonist and I don't know why, no, I'm kidding.
You know, it's kind of, you know, also kind of this whole discussion about arcades and
things makes you think, and it makes me kind of sad is that are we ever going to have anything
like DDR ever again?
And I don't mean like the game itself, but I mean kind of like the community that that
built, which includes this show, which started nine years ago, guitar hero and rock band,
right?
And that's even, that's kind of came and went.
That's not what I mean though.
I'm talking about we used to go to the arcade to celebrate people's birthdays and sit around
the fourth mix machine and watch people fuck off.
The problem is it's not profitable as much for arcades anymore to have that kind of stuff
in their arcades.
So you, what you need to do is you need to have arcades that really just want that there
and find a way to become profitable as well.
How do you get people to leave the couch when it's so easy now to click button play game?
Well, I think it's, I mean, you still can't emulate everything that you can do in the
arcade.
I mean, the experiences in the arcade are still going to be vastly superior as far as,
you know, controls go.
I mean, arcade sticks and stuff like that, yeah, definitely supplement that, but not
everyone's buying that and it's still, you know, fun to play in the arcade.
But the problem is, yeah, a lot of people are playing stuff that they could play in
the arcade at home, like fighting games and racing games and stuff like that.
But yeah, dancing games and stuff, I don't think that's really something you can emulate
at home.
Yeah.
You know, they've danced in revolution.
I'm not even necessarily talking about a dancing game or a music game.
I'm just talking about a game that establishes such a sense of community.
The closest thing I can think of that I see now is maybe like some of the racing games.
Like, I do still see, like, Initial D has a pretty big contingent in the racing games
in the arcade.
There's, there's...
Fighting, of course fighting games, of course fighting games.
There's still communities.
But it's not as big as it used to be.
Well, there's still communities out there, but they're spread out or they're, you know,
on Facebook or something like that.
I mean, go to any, you know, gaming Facebook page and there's tons of people that are fans
of that game on there talking about stuff.
You know, if you want to get people excited about something at the arcade, you make it
arcade only, you make a reason for people to go there constantly, just, you know, whether
it be, you know, unlocking stuff on the machine or just some unique style of gameplay and
people will go there.
People will be, you know, have fun, create communities around it.
It's just, unfortunately, you know, like Dance Dance Revolution started really much as an
arcade game and yeah, there were some of the Japanese versions, but for a long time, that's
all there was, was the arcade and that's why people would go there and then they formed
a community around it.
But then once they started coming out with a lot more home versions, yeah, you don't
really necessarily need to go to the arcade anymore.
Yeah, but the home versions had crap songs for the longest time.
Yes, that's true.
But then also a lot of the people grew up and they just decided.
We all turned 30.
Shit.
They just decided, you know, I've got a lot more things going on.
I can't really make it out to the arcade to go play games.
I mean, it's just, you know, time, you know, do I go drive, you know, 10 minutes, 15 minutes
or whatever to my arcade to go hang out by myself, you know, or.
I think my, my mind was kind of going in this direction because I'd heard something, well,
a DDR Freak officially closed this week.
I mean, I know we had the talk a couple of weeks ago about how DDR Freak was closing
and the server was offline, but the server came back up for J-Dog to post a message that
said it's over, like the whole epilogue and the forums are locked down because of spam
and everything.
It is officially done.
Game over.
Failed.
You know, that whole thing.
So I don't know.
It kind of had me thinking about the whole DDR and the community and all that because,
you know, it was shit.
We've been playing that game like 10 years.
Yeah, but there's, that was one site and that's like kind of what it was.
Let's be real.
I get it.
DDR is not dead and you know, it will always be a fitness school type thing, whatever.
But like DDR Freak was the community for a long time.
It was a community for a long time and then like 10 years ago it stopped being the community
where everyone went and there's other communities out there and those communities are still
live and just doing fine.
You know, I'd heard rumors about speaking of arcades, communities, all that, the rumors
about a DDR get together for the 20th of November, which I think is supposed to be a Sunday,
but I haven't heard anything about if that's actually happening or not, but I think it
should.
I mean, if they're not going to organize something, I think we should.
I don't know.
I'll just have to, I'll have to find out and find out fast.
That's only what?
Like four weeks away?
Something like that.
So don't have a lot of time.
There's no time.
All right.
Uh, let's move on.
Um, let me get a couple more comments from our chat room at chat.orangelandsready.com.
Derek H I think is trying to play this FIFA demo online and brings up an interesting point
about just how easy this all is.
Derek H says, this FIFA thing is stalled at starting game.
Please wait a moment.
Now I got to upgrade Java and the download failed.
I think it would have been faster if they just let me download the demo.
I don't like guy guy.
And um, that's a pretty good point.
You know, as simple as this all might be, push button play game.
Doesn't always work.
It's not always that easy.
And really, I mean, yeah, the technology is cool and it might be fun to check it out because
of the technology, but I don't give a crap about FIFA.
I just don't.
And I figure, you know, if I'm going to play a FIFA demo, I have a 360, I can download
the demo for that, but it's FIFA now, but it might be another game later on that you
are interested in.
Right?
Yeah.
I think the genre of games that really stands out to me is that could really take advantage
of this are free to play MMOs where you don't have to bog down your system with a bunch
of crap to install it.
You just log into a portal and it's all streamed to you because that's a great way to get the
soccer moms or whatever to play because they don't need a graphics card.
It's all rendered off site.
So free MMOs and game demos, I could see really taking advantage of this, but for the kind
of games that we like to play, I don't know, like Arkham City or whatever, you're going
to need an installation on a local device, whether it's a console or PC, but I think
for free, for free MMOs or freemium, this is great technology.
All right, well, we're going to move on into our gaming weeks and the stuff that we've
been playing this week.
A couple other quick, quick announcements.
I forgot to get this out there earlier, but I see some of you guys in chat room are like,
I'm voting in the podcast awards.
Okay.
So thank you guys so much for doing that.
I did want to mention one of the other members of the OL army, Brad from pod culture has
a show in his network that's nominated and we want to throw our support behind him.
He is with a show called the geek spin and it's nominated in pod safe music.
I think it might just be called music in the awards.
I can't remember.
It's either pod safe, it's pod safe.
Loki's been voting for it every day.
So it's, it's the geek spin.
And so, you know, as you're filling out your ballot, cause you can vote in one category,
you can vote multiple, we would, you know, unless there's just some other pod safe music
podcasts you just really freaking love.
We'd appreciate if you'd throw your support to a fellow member of the OL army.
If we can't win, maybe he can, that would be pretty cool.
I think that was it.
So let's move on to our gaming weeks and the video games that you have been playing this
week.
Salacious Pop, we'll start with you.
Mostly world of Warcraft, of course.
And I guessed it on your other podcast to talk about that.
So we'll get to it in a minute, but obviously lots of big world of Warcraft news came out.
So I played a lot of that.
It's in the middle of the Halloween holiday.
I also had an opportunity to play on the PS3, your Sega Genesis arcade collection.
I was playing a lot of Dr. Robotnik's Bean Bean Machine because someone had commented
on how fucking hard that game is because I know it's, it's a licensed clone of POPO.
It's not really our Puyo Puyo.
It's not really rip off.
They, they just reskinned it with their permission.
Yeah.
That and Kirby's Avalanche came out at the same time.
So I don't know if the same company had done them or what the deal is, but yeah.
Yeah.
And that is, I got to the fourth or fifth stage, you know, with only having to do each
retry like once or twice, but yeah, that game is hard and the Streets of Rage 2 and a bunch
of other stuff.
And uh, isn't that game a really good deal for like 20 bucks because that's what it goes
for now is 20 bucks.
Just a little mini rant because I know you like those.
What I love about the Genesis, the Sonic's best of Genesis collection is that there is
some production and polish in how it looks when you load up the disc, but it's mostly
just a list.
Here are the ROMs that are on this.
Here's a nice, pretty, you know, background screen to list everything out in.
And then you just pick the game that you want and it loads up.
Unlike another collection that we had an opportunity to play, which was the Namco, uh, the Namco
Museum Megamix, where you load that up and you play a little 3D Pac-Man avatar and you
have to jump over little platforms to get to the building that the ROM that you want
to play it in.
By the way, I looked at game FAQs, like you remember how there's all those power pellets
everywhere and it's like, Ooh, I wonder what game you unlock if you eat them all, right?
I looked on a game FAQ to see what you get.
Nothing.
It's all for show.
It is.
It means nothing.
And maybe I'm just an old curmudgeon now, but I know there's a lot of controversy about
repackaging retro content for a $40 disc when it's just shit that you played when you were
15 or however young, you know, in the nineties on your Sega Genesis, releasing that content
on a disc.
Just give me a menu.
Show me that you put some effort into packaging it and just let me, just let me pick it from
a list.
I'm easy to please.
You know, and if they want to do the frou-frou stuff, fine, but they should have like an
easy way.
And another thing I liked about the Genesis collection was that versus the Namco Megamix,
the Genesis collection has the extra interviews, it has arcade games you can unlock.
There's things that you can work towards that aren't like just, you know, too distracting
or terrible.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
So yeah.
So loading up the Namco museum and direct Pac-Man to find the game that you want that's
in one of these candy shaped buildings.
There's also one other big difference between the Megamix and the Sega Genesis collection
to be fair.
And that is that they have all these new versions of games.
Like one of the ones I played was Rally-X, which has now Pac-Man in the car dodging,
not ghosts, but just boogers, just boogers and other cars.
And it's kind of like a 3D version of Rally-X, which kind of ruins the charm of the original
game.
Like old school 2D games from 1983 don't translate well into 3D on the Wii if you don't change
a lot.
You know what I mean?
Like it's just, the whole thing felt derpy to me.
And I want to give a shout out to a DDR dollar bill in chat because he said that his gaming
week with City of Heroes and they just launched their freemium free to play model, which included
the cataclysm like redesign of the starter zones.
Maybe a minor graphical upgrade.
So I'm not really in a situation where I can check that out right now, but I'm just City
of Heroes love.
I played that game for years.
I'm surprised.
Why aren't you getting into that?
Is it just too much?
Wow.
Or it's free.
It runs on your computer, right?
Yeah.
I'm surprised you're not checking it out.
Let me ask you this question too before you wrap up your gaming week because unlike the
other show, the people that listen to this show, not everybody's into WoW.
In fact, some people quite frankly hate it.
So why do you play WoW?
Well, what got me onto WoW originally was finding out how many gamer friends that I
never really got to see in FaceTime were already playing on a certain server and it was the
social aspect of it.
So being able to interact with people that I know and it's very immersive.
There's definitely stuff to do.
It's the industry leader for subscriptions for a reason even though that's dwindling
which we'll get to in a minute with a future story.
But I played the hell out of Warcraft 3 and I knew I played the RTS campaign where the
Scourge is there and Lich King and blah, blah, blah.
So I didn't hop onto the WoW train immediately because I was still playing City of Heroes
to be honest, so.
Alright.
Loki!
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm assuming that was everything, right?
Yes.
Okay.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I only played Grand Theft Auto.
That's it?
Yeah, it's pretty much it.
I didn't get in time to play much of anything else.
I don't think I played any Dead Rising 2 off the record this week.
Gosh, you make it sound like you have a baby or something that takes all your time.
Uh, no, actually it wasn't the baby that took all my time, it was modding Grand Theft Auto
that took all my time.
Modding Grand Theft Auto?
What are you doing to Grand Theft Auto right now?
Uh, just discovering new stuff, new techniques on how to do things, and uh, that really occupied
all my time.
Alright, um, let's see.
My gaming week, I was playing Warcraft as well because you guys all know I'm into that.
Final Fantasy XIV, I'm still kind of juggling the two games a little bit, you know, and
I stand by what I said about the game last week.
It's getting better, but there's still a lot of room for improvement and I'm probably not
going to pay for it unless some miracle patch makes the game really.
And I think a lot of what is ruining Final Fantasy XIV for me the more I play it is that
I see how other MMOs, including WoW, like to put in a lot of quality of life improvements,
but I feel like the Japanese developers have no concept of what a quality of life improvement
is.
I mean, I'm talking about like games I see developed over there versus games I see developed
over here.
It is that, you know, in order to do certain quests and stuff, I spend ten minutes running
from point A to point B, and that's just, how is that fun to just run?
You know, so I think if they are going to redesign their game, they really need to think
about how do we make the game non-stop fun?
That's the thing, because when the game's good, it's pretty good.
Like you know, the battle systems actually, it's really neat to look at, it's different,
you have to think about positioning of your characters as well as what you're doing, you
know, it's very much unlike WoW, and I like that, it makes a nice break from WoW, and
the storytelling is awesome, and the cutscenes are great, but when the game is in its downtime,
it's dead time, it's really dead.
You know, if I didn't have a link shell of people to talk to, I would poke my eyes out
from boredom, and so I hope the developers are really going to think about how the game
can be thrilling for ten minutes as opposed to every ten minutes.
It sort of reminds me of the argument of what Japanese gamers want versus American gamers
especially with JRPGs and how they're kind of tedious and min-max-y and how they just
supposedly love that over there, whereas here we're more...
I kind of think that's a cop-out.
Like I don't think people here truly understand what people like over there, and you know,
vice versa.
Like I think sometimes people make excuses, like, oh it's a cultural thing, it's a cultural
thing.
I don't know.
Yeah, because I heard that those lineage MMOs, which are huge over in that part of the world,
are very kind of dry to play, like the grinding that you have to do.
But again, I've never played it, so I'm mostly talking out of my ass, but...
And I wonder if it's one of those things again where kind of like you and WoW, you know,
your friends are there so you just play it, it's your thing.
You know, if all my friends suddenly dropped WoW and went to Final Fantasy XIV, I'd have
to reconsider what I'm saying, because at least in my ten minutes of run, run, run,
run, run, run, run, run, run, run, all over the place, which is what, when Salacious
Pop sees me playing Final Fantasy XIV, that's what he does.
Because you play a little spriteling hobbit halfling little...
Lalafell.
Lalafell.
So it's this cute little munchkin thing, and his little legs kick when he runs, and he
does a lot of running to run from town to town.
So I see his little wiggly legs tearing across the countryside, and run, run, run, run, run,
run, run, run.
So.
Alright.
Anyhow.
A question from our chat room before I talk about one more game I played this week.
Hitstun in our chat room asks, oh yeah, how did Skylander's sales do this week in Dark
Tetsuya?
I was disappointed that Loki didn't play Skylander's this week.
So what's up with Skylander's?
I don't have any sales data yet, and I was just checking on that, because VG Charts only
has up through the 15th, and they came out on the 16th, so there's nothing yet.
So we'll know soon.
But based on the report I heard last week from a retail person, I mean, this is one
retail person in one store, but it seems to be selling well.
But then again, I went to Target, and I saw plenty of copies of the game and all the little
dollies, which I gotta admit, there was a moment where I kinda went, oh that might actually
be kind of fun.
And then I just heard Loki in my brain going, no!
Listen.
Uh oh.
Do I have to explain to you what this game is?
You don't, but for the behalf of the listeners who would love to hear you explain it, please.
Okay, well here's how it is.
This whole game is just to sell toys.
That's all it is.
Yeah, it's a neat concept where, you know, it's kind of a hack and slash, reminds me
of Gauntlet Legends, you know, that's kinda cool, you know, I like it.
Gauntlet Legends is pretty badass.
It's a pretty badass game, you know, that's awesome.
I didn't need to buy little toys to play Gauntlet Legends, so I do appreciate that.
But you did need a Dreamcast.
Or the arcade.
But here's the thing.
This game is specifically made to sell toys.
I mean, if you don't believe it, play the game.
Play the game, okay, seriously.
You start off with three figures, and it's three different elements, I guess.
There's a total of eight different elements in the game.
In order to see everything in the game, you have to buy all eight elements.
And so you only have three characters to start off with, so that's, you know, another $40
you gotta spend to see everything that's in the game.
Of course, then you also have to buy the expansions to see what's in there as well, so that's
another, you know, $40 on top of that.
So $80 right there.
And if you-
But to be fair, I mean, there's a lot of video games that have download content, and if you
want to see it all, quote unquote, you know, all the levels and stuff-
Okay, that's fair, that a lot of games have download content.
But to see everything on the disc, I don't have to spend another $40.
Which is, you know, $40 on top of a game that's already too expensive as it is.
And then, on top of that, you know, to entice kids to beg their parents for more characters,
you can unlock abilities for characters you don't own.
And then, it basically shows you a preview video of how awesome that character is and
how badly you need it.
And so-
It's to get kids.
It's to get kids.
Mommy, mommy, mommy.
I want, I want, I want.
Exactly.
I want more fucking targets looking for this figurine for Skylanders, and I can't find
it.
Right?
Because you have to find the toy.
And, and, you know, and I see a lot of-
Thank God Oprah's not still on, because I could just see her going out to her audience,
we're giving you Skylanders!
And, and I see a lot of these blogging sites or whatever talking about how expensive it
would be to buy everything, and how it's like $300 or something like that.
Yeah, you're right, up to a point.
That's wave one.
That's just the first fucking, you know, stuff that's available right now.
We haven't even talked about, like, stuff that's gonna be wave two or three.
Series two, coming spring 2012.
Seriously, you think that they're only gonna be limited to just 30 characters or whatever?
Oh, you know, you are wrong, sir.
Gotta catch them all.
Going to our chat room, and I apologize if I'm mispronouncing this name, I think it's
Zezby?
Zeezby?
Uh, in our chat room, uh, says, my mom bought this for my eight-year-old brother for his
birthday.
I tried to get her to return it.
I then cried because she is now a tool and I can't prevent it.
Well, here's the thing.
I don't have a problem with people buying download content for the game.
If this was, say, for example, a game that didn't have any toys whatsoever, and they
had a total of 30 characters, but each one cost a buck on, you know, the PlayStation
or, yeah, that would still be stupid, but buying a character for a dollar, not that
bad.
Buying a stupid inanimate object that's $8 and it doesn't do anything, and I saw a lot
of, like, you know, Kotaku, gotta love them, but, you know, one of their excuses is, well,
see, these toys are awesome!
My kids are playing chess with them!
Your kids are weird.
You can play chess with a Dixie Cup.
Exactly!
You can play chess with anything!
You can play chess with the pieces that come with it!
Oh my God!
That's just amazing!
Um, yeah, so, good for you that your kids have found, you know, ways to use your toys
that you got for free from Activision anyways, so congratulations, but it's just, it's seriously
a cash grab, and if it's successful, you can bet that there's gonna be more of this shit
later on.
I don't need another 30 minute opening segment about Skylanders, so can I move on and talk
about the last game of my week?
Let's talk about Cash Grab 2, bargain basement game that's pretty good for your value, and
it's seriously right up the frickin' alley of the people that listen to this show, at
least the ones, you know, that started with us and all that, because it's a music-based
game.
The game I bought this week on Steam, that just went on sale, I believe, over the weekend,
is a game called Sequence, and it is, get this, it's a DDR role-playing game.
It's DDR, but not like the actual DDR game, but it's that whole idea, the falling arrows,
mixed with a role-playing game, and it's $4.50 right now on Steam, which I think the regular
price is gonna be $5.
I also believe, if I remember correctly, it's also an Xbox indie game.
It is.
It's not live indie game, but once the Cthulhu people went over to Steam and were like, shit,
we made more money in a day on Steam, I'm sure Sequence was probably already in negotiations
to get their game on Steam, and fine, because, I don't know, I wanted to play it on my computer,
and I just, I did.
I bought it there.
And so, okay, let me try to explain the setup for you guys.
So imagine if you had three Dance Dance Revolution play fields that you had to play all at once,
and you would use buttons to switch between the play fields.
So Rock Band for the DS or the PSP.
Okay, kind of, I guess you could say, except, like, one won't stop just because you get
a perfect note pattern in one.
One of them is for defending or preventing damage.
One of them is for casting spells.
One of them is for regening mana for your spells.
And the way it all works together, I gotta admit, is really cool.
Like, the whole design of the game is, it's something kinda new.
It's mixing two genres together that I think people are into, and I think for people that
enjoy music games or old playing games, like, you've gotta see what they've done here.
It is a $5 game, and so it has the production values of a $5 game.
Some of the voice acting is a little, leaves some things to be desired.
But the writing is actually, it's very witty.
It's a very witty, you can tell there's a lot of inspiration from, like, GLaDOS.
It's very modern, the game.
So I like kinda what they've done with that.
And it's not that, I'm not, like, criticizing the voice actors, I'm just saying the way
the voice acting is delivered, it really sounds like the two were recorded, like, at least
in the stages I've played, the intercom gal and the main character that you play, it's
kinda obvious the two were recorded separately, because they don't ever talk on top of each
other.
They don't have a natural interaction with each other.
And maybe I'm just kinda picky when it comes to stuff like that, but I just, you know,
I noticed it.
But I'm not gonna say, like, oh my god, the game is, like, worthless because the voice
acting was not done professionally.
No, it's the game itself, it's neat, and it's the kinda thing where I go, I really wanna
see what they're gonna do with this sequel.
Because you know, again, when I say roleplaying game, unfortunately there's no overworld,
there's no map, it's just you kinda choose from a menu.
Do you wanna go out and battle another creature?
Do you wanna work on synthesis to get more items so you are, you know, better defended
and have more hit points?
Or do you wanna work on, you know, what kinda stuff do you wanna do from within this room?
So I feel like with this concept, there's so much more that can be done with it if people
will just throw money at it.
If somebody will invest and get them more help, it'll be great.
So like, sequence two I think will be really cool if they end up making one.
But sequence one is worth your time.
The only other thing I guess I could say that might be a slight bit of a negative is that
the music is not, you know, it's not gonna be DDR style music, but I did like the music.
It's kinda, you know, it's not really like pop music or anything like that.
It's very like video gamey, you know, kinda indie artist type stuff, but it's not bad
by any means.
And you know, because my brain is still preoccupied, I tell you, it takes a lot to like be thinking
in the concept of, okay, I'm playing over here and oh shit, I see an arrow coming down
here on the damage, so I gotta flip over, hit that one, then I gotta go back and hit
my arrows to cast a spell.
I mean, your brain is kinda thinking all these things that you're not really absorbing the
music like you would in DDR.
So I don't know.
But yeah, I really like the setup of the game.
So it's neat and I would check it out if you have 450 to spare.
Sadly, I don't think there's a demo, but there might be on the indie games marketplace.
I would assume there's something there on Xbox Live, but again, I played it on PC.
So check it out.
That's sequence.
Alright, that does it for our gaming weeks.
So I wanna quickly plug a few Orange Lounge Radio related things and that would be our
Facebook.
If you're not our friend on Facebook, why not?
Don't you wanna have another friend?
Orange Lounge Radio, Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio is the place to add us on Facebook.
You can also follow us on the Twitters, Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
We will be taking your Twitter comments a little later on in the show, Twitter.com slash
O-L-R if you wanna send us some app messages with your thoughts on anything, sorry, Loki,
anything you're hearing about on tonight's program.
Let's get into some news.
Loki's gonna start us off tonight.
So the PlayStation Vita's got a release date now for Europe and North America and I guess
the Middle East and Australia.
February 22nd.
It's kinda hot, that's a Wednesday on release date, but yeah.
It'll be coming out.
Of course, they are quick to remind you that it's $249.99 without 3G and $299.99 with 3G.
Honestly, I'd just stick without 3G and tether to my phone if I really want 3G, although
I don't think I'll ever.
But Loki, I must game on the go.
I mean, it's a good idea if you want to do 3G.
I just don't know what the data plans are with that and 3G stuff, you know, have they
really announced?
Is this something where I can take it to any provider that has 3G and say, hey, I want
my PlayStation Vita to run on your service, because this isn't like the iPhone or anything
where hey, certain places will give it to you.
And also, the other thing you might want to wait and see is if they do have some sort
of data plan, a lot of times usually with the iPads and phones and stuff like that,
they'll offer you some sort of discount on the system, so you might want to wait and
see what the providers announce.
Some new launch titles have also been announced, coming from Namco, of course.
Ridge Racer, Ridge Racer, serving the launches of systems since the beginning of time.
Shinobidou and Touch My Katamari.
Those will be coming alongside the Vita in North America.
Touch My Katamari, really?
Yeah, I believe that's actually coming out already, well, obviously the Vita is launching
a little bit earlier in Japan, but I believe it's also with their launch as well.
Is that a bowling minigame I see there?
I don't think it's a minigame, I think it's just bowling pins.
Part of what you roll up?
Roll up.
That's cute.
I like Katamari.
I play that.
Yeah, I mean, the Katamari franchise has been kind of meh ever since the creator left, but
I don't know, you never know, there might always be that Renaissance Katamari game that's
a lot of fun again.
The one on PlayStation 3 wasn't bad, but it was also kind of a rehash of all the old games.
It was like a Best Hits of Katamari.
Knowing Namco, I wouldn't be surprised if this is a rehash of a rehash of a rehash of
a rehash.
So who knows?
But it's kind of neat.
Do you think you're going to get one of these at launch?
I know I am.
I really don't have a choice.
I'd like to, but it all depends on how much money you got, but I think I could probably
scrounge up that kind of dough.
I will definitely be setting the money aside to get it.
I gotta have it.
I just, you know, the reason I want it is because I think they're going to do a Grand
Theft Auto game for it, and I gotta have a Grand Theft Auto game.
Grand Theft Auto on PSP, we were kind of talking about it, especially since they've
been showing the Grand Theft Auto 3 stuff, it's like, man, it'd be fun to go back and
play Liberty City Stories again, but that game is really old, and it would be such a
learning curve again.
Salacious Pop, how do you feel about the PlayStation Vita?
Like, I know you don't exactly probably want to run out and buy one day one, but let's
say you had the disposable income.
Is this something that calls to you?
Absolutely.
It's a sexy piece of hardware.
I like how it looks.
I didn't know you felt so strongly about it.
No, it's like...
Do you have feelings for the PlayStation Vita?
The PSP for me was, I think it's an underrated piece of hardware, because the DS, of course,
just mud stomped everything in the handheld market, and the PSP is a competent little
nice device that displays well and is a great system.
I think the Vita, again, is going to be a nice piece of technology, but the 3DS hasn't
really started to wreck people yet.
Here's the thing about the 3DS, too.
We don't really know, aside from the ever-delayed Kid Icarus, what's really their plan beyond
2011.
It's just like, hey, we got Kid Icarus, because that's been delayed forever.
They've got the two Mario games that are going to be coming out this holiday, but they haven't
really said too much.
There was stuff at E3 and some other conference, but I don't remember any of that damn shit.
So since they're not keeping it fresh in my mind, that makes me think that they don't
really have a plan, and they're really going to need a plan when the Vita comes out, because
people may think otherwise by buying a system.
We do have expansion firmware-related news coming up later, and it's upgrades.
It's upgrades from what's there now.
One thing that I think might keep some people from buying a Vita is that, kind of like the
PSP, it's almost too nice.
Let's say you can afford the price point.
It's such a nice piece of hardware, but it's like, I don't want to put this in my pocket
or carry this around.
This is a nice thing.
If I take it out, it might get scratched or screwed up or something.
A portable device should, I don't want to say look like a toy, but the DS with the plastic
and it's got the clamshell and you close it, it looks like something that you can play
on the bus.
Whereas with the Vita, it's like, ooh, this is a very...
It's begging to get me mugged.
Yeah.
And it's weird that it almost looks too nice of a piece of thing that you want to take
outside the house.
I don't know.
Right now, the launch games, there's not really much been announced because they didn't really
know when the date of the Vita was.
And I know there's maybe four or five games that I actually know that are coming out launch
right now.
Some, I don't even know if they've been announced yet.
But Lego Harry Potter, that's not for me, Army Corps of Hell, that looks pretty cool,
Dragon's Crowned, and well, Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3.
But at least on a point you brought up with Nintendo, we don't really know what they're
doing beyond a year, but with the PlayStation Vita, we know Final Fantasy X is coming at
some point.
And with the Vita, I gotta say, the launch lineup is looking a hell lot better even with
not much announced already than the 3DS launch.
And also with the 3DS, they're still, and this is going to come up later in the show,
there's still that weirdness with that button, that right analog add-on, which is coming
to America, which we're going to bring up later, and does that mean that we're going
to get a new device altogether?
And they're just so awkward.
It's like that awkward friend you don't really want to invite over, but you kind of have
to.
Yeah, so there's a lot in the air right now for the 3DS.
Alright, well let's move on to another big thing that happened this week, of course,
BlizzCon!
And I know not all of you are into the Blizzard stuff, but they do make three pretty big PC
games, I mean, if not the biggest PC games.
Collectively they are Warcraft, Starcraft, and Diablo, and there was news about all those
games at BlizzCon this week.
But of course, the huge huge MMO, World of Warcraft, had a new expansion announced.
It's the Mists of Pandaria.
This was the name that had earlier been rumored thanks to a trademark filing earlier in the
year, but it was confirmed that the Pandarens, yes, that's panda people, will be the new
playable race in WoW for both the Alliance and the Horde.
You're going to be choosing at level 10 which side you're going to go on.
So that's the first race.
So they're going to finally add, like, you know, slash Panda Express now?
No, but apparently there's some type of achievement that you get called Panda Express when you
do, like, 100 of those rolls, because the rolls make you run faster, and I'm just thinking
like...
They get a rolly polly tumble.
Well, it makes sense, because I know whenever I eat Panda Express I've got to run really
fast to the bathroom, so it makes sense.
Womp womp.
Also coming in the expansion, the Monk class, the level cap is raised to level 90, some
brand new end game things to participate in, a dungeon challenge mode where your item levels
will be capped, and you're going to go after gold, silver, and bronze medals in the various
dungeons in the game.
That actually sounds really cool.
I'm going to be very interested in that.
PvE scenarios.
For people that like the big PvP battlegrounds without their PvP, is basically what it sounds
like, and a new pet battle system that is basically Pokemon.
Blizzard has realized that a lot of people really like the pet collecting aspect of the
game, so they're expanding this whole new mini-game into it now where you're going to
have a Pokemon battle system.
Basically you're going to have different talents on your pets, and your pets can use three
of them at a time, and they battle each other, and you can even go around the world and fight
master trainers to get new abilities.
They are not even being shy about what they're riving off here.
If Nintendo ain't going to do it, then...
Right.
And my main has, she's got like 110 little critters on her, so I'm ready to go.
I'm excited.
I want to check it out.
I'm excited to see how some of the critters are going to battle, because for the new
Halloween event this year, there's a pet that you can get very easy.
It's just a fucking box.
It's a cardboard box that follows you, but then once in a while, a little tongue will
jump out of the box.
Supposedly it eats one of the other pets.
For Stephen King fans, if you've seen the movie Creepshow, and I know you don't like
horror, it's the monster in the crate.
It's the creepy crate from Creepshow, that 80s movie is what it is.
Oh, okay.
I got you.
Also, apparently there's going to be pets that you can only find out in the world, like
at certain times of day, or during the spring.
I mean, wasn't that the kicker in the last Pokemon game on the DS?
Like there was Pokemon you can only catch at certain times of day and stuff?
So, I mean...
If only there were a way to change the time on my DS.
Oh, oh wait.
Except, now you can't change the time on the Blizzard server, so it's going to be interesting
to see.
I've already seen some people trolling that this is just going to be like the dance studio.
They're showing us screen caps now, but it's never going to happen.
I think it will, because what I'm liking about this expansion, I could care less about the
panda or the...
Well, the monk sounds interesting, I'll try a monk, but panda people, whatever, I'm over
it.
But as somebody who doesn't always get a chance to raid because I'm in more of a social guild
where I really just want to be with my friends, but I could see a group of about five people
in that guild getting really into this stupid pet battle thing.
So I like that it's giving people something else to do besides dungeons and raids.
And for that, I give them credit.
Yeah, they've really buffed up stuff for casual players and also PVP is getting entirely new
game concepts.
Murderball.
Murderball and a bunch of other stuff.
Maybe they should add it to Final Fantasy XIV since there's a lot of waiting for party.
You're funny.
All right.
So anyhow, that's pretty much all the big news with World of Warcraft, except one other
thing, right?
SalaciousPop?
Is that me or is it Loki?
No, that's you.
All right.
All right.
Okay.
So World of Warcraft at one time had 12 million subscribers, right?
Top MMO in the world.
Well, Blizzard has another game coming out called Diablo III and they have this promotion
where it's like, all right, how can we do some damage control on the fact that we're
hemorrhaging subscriptions and also maybe cross pollinate our WoW audience with Diablo
III?
And what they've come up with is if you have a WoW license on your battle.net account as
of October 18th, so it's already too late to buy a new WoW license for this.
So this is somewhat of a loyalty program.
Yeah, it's pretty much damage controlled.
You agree to a year of WoW billed at the regular $14.99 every 30 days.
You're just saying that you're going to do that for 12 months out.
You're going to get a free digital download license of Diablo III.
You're going to get access to the Mists of Pandaria beta, probably the very last stage
of it after the...
Everyone who signs up gets to play anyway.
Like after they do friends and family and after the NDA has been lifted.
And you get a Diablo themed, pretty badass looking mount for your WoW account in World
of Warcraft.
So yeah, there are some conditions obviously you need to have WoW on your battle.net account
as of last Wednesday.
If you...
In the terms and conditions of the agreement, if you, for whatever reason, your credit card
stops working and you don't make your payments, I believe they can pull the Diablo III license
from your battle.net account simply because you have to log in to battle.net because of
the real ID and stuff when you play Diablo III.
And Diablo III is very controversial because it's going to be online only.
And now we see another reason why.
Which to fuel all that anger that people had before about they can't play Diablo III offline,
now here's another reason why.
Because these people that are going to get the game for free, they're going to need to
connect every time to make sure their credit cards didn't bounce.
And just to reiterate, if you sign up for this loyalty agreement, your cancel button
is greyed out.
You can't cancel.
It's a cell phone contract in video games.
And the timing can't be better because if you do this, because obviously hell yeah people
want Diablo III, it's going to be one of the biggest games of either next year probably.
You know, we've got Star Wars, MMO of the Old Republic coming out, Guild Wars 2, and
whatever else, they're saying you can go play those games if you want but you're paying
for wow for a year regardless so you can have fun, we got your money.
It's actually, when all is said and done, as kind of evil as it sounds, it's genius.
It's absolute genius on Blizzard's part, is to lock people in.
Lock in your loyal customers that are going to say, shit, I'm going to play wow for the
next year anyway and you're going to give me Diablo III free?
Fuck yeah, I'm in.
But now you can't make flirty eyes with Star Wars, MMO, and you can't go off and cheat
with Guild Wars 2.
You can, you're paying for both.
But yeah, Blizzard will still have your money.
You're not going to be tempted to cut wow for the other.
And that's I think part of the reason why they're also saying well it's like a loyalty
thing.
You can't already be a customer.
This is to lock those 11 million people in, best they can.
Yeah, so if you already have a relationship with wow and you're on the fence as to how
long you're going to be with wow, this is to basically say, you know, pony up, we're
going to keep you and this is how we're going to do it.
This isn't for people that have been thinking about trying out wow.
Like this isn't a way to hop on both trains.
You know what's interesting about this too is that, and I don't even know if this got
brought up on the other show when we were talking about it, but you know, um, yeah,
you're going to get Diablo 3 free, but what else is going to come out while you're locked
into this 12 year or 12 month, not 12 year, 12 month, uh, plan Mr. Pandaria.
So if you really want the full wow experience that you've now committed to, you're going
to have to get Mr. Pandaria.
So you may not have to buy Diablo 3, but you're going to have to buy the other game.
I mean, I guess you don't have to, but you know that they're thinking everybody's going
to that's locked in if they're locked into their wow account.
For the previous wow expansion, Wrath of the Lich King, a lot of people killed the Lich
King, which was the end boss supreme raid boss of that expansion.
And then they canceled their wow all through the summer and they didn't sign up for until
Cataclysm came out in December.
So they got to save money by just saying, I'm going to be back.
I'm just taking five months off.
You can't really do that with this, right?
You can't, you know, we killed Deathwing and Cataclysm.
You can't quit and come back from Mr. Pandaria if you're paying for this promotion.
I want to clarify because some folks in chat are talking about how the payment works.
Here's the deal.
You're not agreeing to any type of payment plan with this.
You're agreeing to keep your account current for 12 months.
You can still pay with the cards, the prepaid cards.
So if you never want to give Blizzard your credit card, apparently you still don't have
to.
You can use the prepaid cards.
But the other thing is, is that, well, I'm assuming though you have to still have a credit
card on file, but so I don't know if you could really, but my understanding is that it can
use the prepaid cards and when you sign up for it.
And I, I did it last night because let's do the lump sum.
We can't, you can't do a 12 month lump sum.
I know people are thinking that or that you have to pay that upfront, but you can't do
12.
It's the same payment methods that were always there.
You can do one month at 1499 a month.
You can do three month lump sum at 1399 a month, or you can do what I did the six month
lump sum at 1299 a month.
And I know, so this month I'll have to pay $77, which is going to be six months a while,
which I know I'm going to be playing anyway because I have the other show.
And then in April, around the time I get my tax refund, I'll have to pay the other $77
and then I'll be good for the year.
So I kind of figure it'll work.
Yeah, that, that's good because I was on the three month plan cause 40 bucks, you know,
once a quarter is reasonable and it's a dollar off what you'd be paying monthly.
I thought that you had to roll over to 1499 every 30 days with this promotion, so it's
great to hear that you can, you do not, you can pick what you can still do the three months,
but I think you have to have some type of recurring thing on file, but if you end up
using the prepaid cards, then you're fine.
It'll just keep, you know, you'll never get charged cause you keep stocking up with prepaid
cards, but obviously they're going to, if they're going to give you a $50 game for free,
they want to make sure that you're going to make good on your promise.
You know, because I don't see blizzard sending bill collectors after people if they don't
make good on their payments.
Well, what if you get Diablo three through this promotion and then you make IRL money
with the new Diablo three auction house thing?
We'll shut that shit down if you don't, if you don't make good on your payments and something
you think about.
And what I really want to come to this, like I know some of you could give a shit about
wow and Diablo and all that stuff like, like Loki probably doesn't really, but here's what
I do want to say with this and Loki where I can get your opinion is that now that blizzard
has thrown that idea out there precedent has been set precedent has been set.
Imagine it.
Loki next year, sign up for a year of Xbox live and get free halo maps, woo PlayStation
plus to an extent is somewhat like this.
I give you free games, but the minute you stopped paying for PlayStation plus they're
gone.
Yeah, I could see that.
I mean I already paid for live so I don't really care.
I mean that's just my thing cause I do play online every day.
Well almost every day.
So it's not like you can go without it.
And they already and it's already, I already renew a year or year prepaid every time.
So yeah, that's cool if you want to give me some more free shit on top of that, cool.
I probably don't give a crap about it, especially if it's halo maps or even halo a game.
You know, I don't care.
I got to say though, I mean I know there's a lot of chatter on the internet and a lot
of people and of course a lot of cynical ness about this and I understand it is, you know,
I have to admit I did have a big hesitation about doing this because it's signing a contract
with a video game company.
That's a little weird to me.
It's really weird.
But at the end of the day I realized, look, I'm going to pay for this game for a year.
I know I'm going to be doing this.
I have the other show and it's not going anywhere anytime soon.
And I know I'm buying Diablo three.
Like I know I'm buying, I'm in the beta right now.
I love it.
I, it's, I need more of it.
I'm going to buy Diablo three.
So for me, this is great.
It's not for everybody.
This deal is not for everybody.
In fact, if most people that are probably making fun of this probably aren't even eligible
for it anyway because you have to be a current wow subscriber.
So this isn't for everybody.
This is just Blizzard's way of making sure you're going to stay loyal.
And if you dealt, they'll give you a little something extra.
I mean, at the end of the day, I said, you know what, I'm going to end up paying for
a while anyway.
And I know it, I might as well get Diablo three free.
By the way, and there's another, isn't there, isn't there something a little less on this
too?
Yeah.
I was going to mention, um, Blizzard always puts out very sexy collector's editions, whether
it be for a wow expansion or for Starcraft or whatever.
Um, so of course Diablo three collector's edition is going to have some nice swag in
it.
Some bonus stuff, namely a, um, the big one is going to be a USB drive with a little Diablo
skull caddy that you can put the drive in.
And on that drive is Diablo two, and I believe it's expansion, at least I would hope so that
you can then install off the USB drive or play off the USB drive.
Um, you're going to get the wow mount that you would also get for doing this, um, annual
subscription with the free copy if you're an existing well, so you get the mount.
Um, but also if you're thinking, well, I want to do this 12 month promotion and get the
game for free, but that's the standard edition.
If I go to fries or Best Buy and I'm going to drop 80 bucks for this hella Diablo three
box edition, cause it's bad-ass, that's going to screw me over for the promotion.
Um, what's going to happen is, is if you apply that collector's edition code to your battle.net
account with the 12 month promotion thing on it, you're, they're going to add four months
free to your wow subscription.
So you are going to make up that money somehow and in lieu of more wow, more wow, pay 12
months a while, get more wow.
So there you go.
All right.
So anyhow, I don't want to dwell too much on this, but you know, again, I think the
precedent here, don't be surprised if Activision, the parent company, isn't looking at this
going, Hmm, how could we sell more Skylanders dolls by getting people to commit?
How much do you love your Skylanders?
We'll see.
I just, I don't know if it would really work with anything other than a, you know, subscription
service like, you know, cause they kind of already do that with Call of Duty elite.
You would, so either it's a one year fee.
It's not like, Hey, at the sign of contract, it's, yeah, we just have one fee.
So I don't know, it would just, it would have to put out more MMOs over to imagine.
All right.
Well, let's move on with some more gaming news.
Loki.
So, uh, so some non wow related stuff, um, we can talk a little bit about a game.
I used to play a lot in the arcade since we were talking about arcades a little bit ago,
NFL blitz.
It's coming back.
Yeah.
Hey, remember Midway used to put it out and then Midway went under and then, you know,
they tried re, you know, booting it or whatever and then quite work out too well.
So now of course it's called NFL blitz.
So who has it?
Of course, EA, because they have the NFL license and a EA, we'll be putting that out in 2012.
It's going to be, uh, put out by EA Tiberian and uh, it's kind of neat.
They've got a pretty much the same gameplay style as before, plus a little bit of like
a Madden flare thrown in there.
And um, I guess they also say that you have a currency system called blitz bucks where
you can boost, uh, your teams and modify them in a bunch of different ways as well as, um,
custom modes and loading screens, stat boosting type stuff.
And um, also custom rosters.
You can set up a survival mode, uh, called a blitz gauntlet.
And I guess that's where you take on several teams, um, back to back.
And then also they have a online gameplay as well.
So that should be pretty big.
Yeah.
I have to admit, you know, again, I'm not super into sports games, but if I was into
a game that was like football, it would be NFL blitz.
And I like the arcade sports games.
It's not too big of a surprise.
I mean, come on.
They have NBA jams.
So yeah, and apparently from another article that I read, um, it actually got leaked out
by somebody a while back, but it was just kind of one of those, an industry insider
says this and you know, they didn't really have much, you know, to back it up, but it
did leak out a while back.
Yeah.
I was going to say they did a really good job keeping it a secret.
I mean, there was one story I think somewhere, but you know, with a series like NFL blitz,
there's always going to be a rumor, especially, you know, we all know midway shut down.
We all know their assets were sold off, including the IPs.
It was just a matter of time before it showed up.
Right.
Yeah.
So, so hit stun in chat asks, so the Madden developers are making NFL blitz now.
Kinda, I mean, it's not the same team, but it's same building pretty much.
Right.
Yeah.
Just down the hall from each other.
Right.
Yeah.
Well, it's not a big surprise cause they've, they've done like some different things before.
Like they've tried that, uh, like there was a, uh, NFL game that they put out a while
back.
Well, they had NFL street and that's kind of been in sore hit and miss.
And then they had, uh, some NFL game, I think it was like, uh, all pro or something like
that.
You know, that was the, uh, uh, two K one, but they had another NFL game that was more
arcadey, a little bit like arena football almost.
And well, they had an arena football game at one time even.
Um, but yeah, they, they, they like to experiment with that type of stuff.
And really, you know, what they should get on the bandwagon for is rugby games because
this year is the year of rugby games and they did have a rugby game back in 06, but it's
been a while.
All right.
Let's move on with some more information about final fantasy 14.
You know, we've been talking about it a little bit on the show.
There's going to be a lot of change coming to that game next year and it's almost, it's,
it's a little bit unprecedented.
You know, we've never really had a MMO where at least that I can think of, maybe there's
no one, but we never really had one where it landed with such a thud that the developers
are like, we're going to reboot the whole damn game and make it a success.
Well, uh, now Kiyoshita, who is the producer and director of Final Fantasy 14 has come
out and said they are considering Vita and smartphone support for Final Fantasy 14.
Uh, the quote from the, uh, interview, I believe, which was with VG 24 seven, uh, said, quote,
not just the Vita, but also smartphones.
So that kind of access will be allowed.
That will open the door to things like applications that people can use to check their inventory
or check the market and purchase things from the auctions.
So it kind of sounds like what wow kind of already does, but maybe a little something
extra.
I mean, who knows what could come with this, by the way, they are also still speaking with
Microsoft about an Xbox 360 version, but they are focusing on a PlayStation three version
right now saying that basically they promised they were going to make a PlayStation three
version version.
They haven't kept it and they need to fulfill it.
But I think at this point it's probably a good thing that they wait until 2.0 is done
until they launch it on the PlayStation three.
And seriously, my God, Microsoft needs to get on the ball with, you know, allowing MMOs
onto their, uh, their service.
So, um, it'll be interesting to see if that ends up actually happening or maybe who knows
for the next Xbox system, you know, Final Fantasy 11 was one of the early, early titles for
the Xbox 360.
So you never know.
It might end up going onto the next.
And that didn't need, uh, XP gold.
Did it?
No.
11 is really unlike any other 360 game because if you think about it, play online as a joint
venture with Sony, you've got a Sony game on a, and that was their biller rider, their
membership thing.
Yeah.
Now 14 doesn't use that.
It's a, it's all kind of separate, but Final Fantasy 11 is really unlike anything else
on the 360.
And I think Microsoft really bent all the rules to get that game on their console because
you know, it was, it was early on, it was a launch.
And I got to say, cause I did play 11 back in the day.
It was pretty awesome on the 360.
Like if you had the keyboard and everything for it, it was a great way to play the game.
So, and I was talking to you about this last night, but, uh, luckily for Final Fantasy
14, it's a gorgeous enough game that if it takes them another year or two to get their
shit together, considering how wow is seven years old and is finally starting to show
its age visually, it's a pretty enough a game that it will still be relevant by the time
they fix it.
Yeah.
So, I mean, the other thing I, with the whole PlayStation three launch of 2.0, I wanted
to kind of reiterate is that remember when Final Fantasy 11 came out in America, we got
version 2.0 of the game was the launch of the game to us because the rise of the Zillart
expansion was included when that game launched here.
So we never saw the earliest version of that game, which also I guess was kind of buggy.
So I don't know, it's going to be interesting to see what happens, but don't expect me to
pay for the game for a year to find out.
That's, that's my big thing.
So we'll see.
Um, speaking of MMOs, uh, we get another question in our chat room from, uh, did I get away
ZHEB?
Z-H-E?
Z-H-E?
I can't pronounce this.
ZHSB, I think it is.
You're going to make them spell it out again.
Yeah, ZHSB in chat says, do you think Guild Wars two will end up being higher quality
than wow?
I know it won't be a wow killer, but I'm still curious to see what you think.
Guild Wars strength will always be its model and the fact that once you buy the game, there
is no monthly fee.
And that is so alluring to a lot of people that don't want to play wow, you know, because
of that whole thing.
And that's what makes Final Fantasy 14 good right now is that it's the same model essentially
because they're not charging for monthly fee.
Uh, Guild Wars two looks great, but I can't tell you anything else until I can really
get my hands on it.
It's one thing to see the demos on YouTube and I gotta say it looks sexy as hell.
The graphics look great.
I'm really excited, but again, I got to get my hands on it until I can really tell you
if it's going to be worth it or not.
So next year we'll see.
So, all right, let's move on.
More stories, Slicey Pop.
So of course we all remember back in April when it was the week that Portal two and Mortal
Kombat came out that PlayStation network was hacked and everyone was very sad and it was
very end of the world.
And as a result, when all these gaming journalism sites were like, well, how can you avoid having
your credit cards saved to these servers if they're going to get compromised so often?
And one of the solutions was to buy game codes.
I know if you go into GameStop, you'll see a whole wall of basically these kind of look
like gift cards at the supermarket where you're just buying the code.
You're paying obviously the retailer for that.
You take the code, you load it into your PS3 and you're downloading the game directly without
having to put a credit card, put points into your PSN bucket and all that stuff.
One of the ways to get these codes was through Amazon.
You could buy these cards through Amazon directly.
Or I think maybe they just emailed a code to you and it was a way to get around Sony's
shopping cart and if you're worried about having your credit card information stolen
because Amazon I think is a more reputable retailer, well, those PSN stores, primarily
the ones on Amazon, all that content has been removed.
You cannot do that anymore.
So for all the people that were using Amazon to get around PSN.
Which was a lot more people after the hacks, I'm sure.
Yeah.
After that whole end of the world thing.
And we still haven't heard, I don't think, about anybody really getting screwed over.
Meanwhile on Xbox.
Yeah.
Meanwhile on Xbox Live.
Who by the way got hacked this week, another friend of mine, just saying.
So Amazon has confirmed the removal of the content and they have no announcements regarding
this change in selection so they're being kind of hush-hush about it.
I believe Sony has been nudged to their PR saying, what's up with Amazon?
Why'd they drop your stuff?
Sony hasn't responded yet.
Interesting.
So.
They could be, they might be just not happy with the fact that, what was it, they found
out that it was like some Amazon servers that were used to hack the Playstation network or
whatever like that.
Oh yeah, it was through like one of their S3 data, like web hosting accounts or something.
Yeah.
I doubt that has anything to do with it but more of that they want more control over that
stuff.
Yeah, I'm kind of curious as to what's going on there but maybe it's just they just for
whatever reason don't want to do it.
Maybe they just want to try to get more people to tie their credit cards on PSN.
Yeah.
Or maybe.
Yeah.
It could have, we don't really know if it was Amazon's decision.
Maybe because they just, maybe they just didn't sell well.
Maybe people just buy those game codes at a retailer like a brick and mortar one.
Or maybe Sony's got something competing coming up.
Who knows?
So.
Alright, anyhow, let's travel the world and check out release dates.
What is coming out to a gaming store near you this week?
And it's starting to ramp up towards the holidays, right Loki?
Ah yeah, it's already ramped up.
We've got tons of stuff.
This week, Pokemon Rumble Blast for the 3DS coming out, you can battle your Pokemon.
Kirby's Return to Dreamland for Nintendo Wii.
Dragon Ball Z Ultimate Tenkaichi on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
Stronghold 3 on PC, and you can actually catapult cows in that game, that's pretty awesome.
Motion Explosion for Xbox 360, another generic party game.
Fast Dance Kids 2 on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and Wii.
Ew, is that like Kidz Bop?
You know, it used to be kind of like the wheels on the bus go round and round and that kind
of bullshit, but actually it's not so much that now.
They do have some songs on there, I'm not really sure if I recognize them.
Is it just family safe stuff?
Like old disco songs and not like, you know, ooh, pop your pussy girl, ooh, like that kind
of music.
Yeah, nothing like that.
No, like they had some songs listed on here, like I don't even know what, yeah, shake your
groove thing, obviously, uh, Whip My Hair, no idea what that is, Despicable Me.
Wait, wait, you don't know Whip My Hair?
No, what's Whip My Hair?
Willow Smith?
Will Smith's kid?
Oh, no, I don't know his song, sorry, okay.
No, no, it's not his song, it's his kid song.
I whip my hair back and forth, you've never heard that song.
No, I have not heard that song, and I don't wish to hear that song.
Do you live in a cave or something?
I don't listen to fucking radio, okay, oh, I'm sorry, it's not one of the ten songs that
they play on top 40 stations, yes, I know, top 40, that means they play the same ten
songs four times every hour.
You have to hear how amazing this song is, and by amazing, I mean amazingly terrible,
hold on, I'm trying to bring it up in studio right now, hold on, let's see here if I can
get it going.
Yeah, props to him, I mean, I hope that he does end up-
Just remember, she's nine.
Come on, Loki, dance.
Okay, I'll stop torturing the listeners.
What the hell?
She obviously did not inherit her dad's musical talent, but hey-
She's nine, Loki, give her a break.
Yeah, she's nine, I've seen better, okay, I mean-
You've seen better nine year olds, really, where on Toddlers and Tiaras?
Because I can't think of where else to see nine year olds performing.
Well on America's Got Talent, on The X Factor, on, you know-
Are you rooting for What's Her Name, that little girl?
No, you see, here's the thing, I watched The X Factor one time.
The first night it was on, and I haven't looked back.
I think it's catchy, she has great producers, but whatever.
Something That I Want and Love Me, I don't know any of those songs, anyways, so yeah,
they have 40 plus fun songs in there, that's all you need, that's kids stuff.
Centipede Infestation on the Wii and 3DS, this is Atari trying to reboot the Centipede
franchise, good luck with that.
Photo World on the Nintendo DS, this is a game that is going to be, I guess, using the
DSi.
It's basically a game for taking photos and editing photos or something like that.
That sounds terrible.
Nikolai's Pencil Puzzle 3D for the 3DS, the first puzzle game, I think, for the 3DS.
Well, you know, like brain training type thing.
Son of Fantasy for PC, Squinkies 2 Adventure Mall Surprise from Activision, thank you.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
Once again, more on their front of pushing toys or toy based games, and I don't even
know what the hell a Squinkies is.
Zoo Resort for the 3DS from Ubisoft, another one of their pet raising sims.
Captain America Super Shoulder on 3DS, a little bit delayed from the rest of them.
Heavy Fire Afghanistan, The Chosen Few on PC, Wii, and Playstation 3 as well as 3DS.
The Haunted, The Hell's Reach for PC.
The Cursed Crusade on Xbox 360 and Playstation 3.
Active Life Magical Carnival from Namco, that's on the Wii.
Telltale is releasing Back to the Future on Playstation 3 and the Wii, that's kind of
a surprise.
Grease Dance on Playstation 3 and Xbox 360, yes it's a Grease Dancing game, oh and singing
of course.
Monster High Ghoul Spirit, that's on the DS and on the Wii.
Dead Rising 2 Off the Record on PC, that I actually may pick up so I can play that on
my PC during the show.
Puss in Boots on Xbox 360, Playstation 3.
Oh yeah, they made a movie out of that didn't they?
Yes they did.
Okay.
Cause they're done with Shrek and they need to, you know, Antonio Banderas needs to eat.
That's on Xbox 360, Playstation 3, DS, Wii, and I think 3DS.
Disney Universe, this is supposed to be like Kingdom Hearts, sort of, kinda, not really.
I'm curious about Disney Universe, I gotta admit, cause like everybody was like, Rob
you'd be so into this game, and I haven't heard a lot about it, which is usually a bad
sign.
It reminds me of a Ratchet and Clank type game, it's uh, you know, of course you get
to wear different costumes, you can get abilities from those costumes.
It's on 360, Wii, and PS3.
House of the Dead Overkill, I'm looking, if you hear things in the background, I'm looking
at like a little walkthrough, I guess, of the game.
House of the Dead Overkill extended cut on Playstation 3 with even more swearing.
Sorry, I don't wanna hear the, I was gonna play the audio, but it's just some douchebag
talking over the gameplay.
It looks neat.
Yeah, it looks alright.
It looks like a little big planet.
I think I remember somebody saying something about like a little big planet-ish Disney
game.
Yeah, I mean, they look like the little big planet sack boys, but it's obviously not that,
but I mean, it looks alright.
That might be kinda fun, I might check that out.
Definitely a good kid's game.
Um.
What do you mean kid's game?
I love Disney.
Alright.
You hush.
Uh, Dance Central 2 coming out this week on 360, also Kinect Sports Season 2 on 360, uh,
The Invisibles Shadow Zone for PSP, including the camera, uh, Battlefield 3, the big game
for the week on Playstation 3, Xbox 360, and PC, um, Ben 10 Galactic Racing on the 3DS,
Country Dance 2 on the Wii, and Jane's Advanced Strike Fighter for PC.
That is it.
That was a lot of games.
It is a lot of games, and it's only gonna get bigger until it gets to December.
Alright, Japan this week, going to Japan on the 27th of October, Dance Central 2 on the
Xbox 360, Kinect Sports Season 2, Moovloov, Muv Luv, I don't know what this is, Muv Luv,
and a Warhammer 40,000 space ring, I've gotta see what Muv Luv is.
Muv Luv?
I don't wanna see the peripheral for that.
No, it's, it's not Muv Luv, I think it's an anime, I think it's based off an anime, cause
clearly it's a bunch of anime chicks, I'm looking for, like, gameplay, and I don't see
any, so, oh, there's one, that's, Muv Luv, looks like Sakura Wars, strategy, maybe?
I don't know.
Big Tittied Cyberbots, uh, let's see, moving on, the best kind, that is an awesome name
for a game.
Don't push your luck, just because we're getting, uh, bungee ferret tossing, don't push your
luck on Big Tittied Cyberbots, although, if anything was gonna get added to the list,
the week Jamie's not here, uh, on the Playstation 3 this week, Makai Senki Disgaea 4, that's
right, Disgaea 4 out in Japan this week, as well as Midnight Club Los Angeles, uh, going
into the Classics Collection, Tears to Tiara Gaiden, Avalon no Nazo, and, a lot of people
very excited about this one, you ready, the Idolmaster 2 on the Playstation 3 this week.
All I have to say about the Idolmaster is just, just, go look at some gameplay video
on YouTube, that's really all I have to say, um, looking at some of the handhelds this
week, the Sony PSP Arcana Familia, La Storia della Arcana Familia, I don't know what the
heck this game is, uh, I don't know if that's, I'm trying to look again at gameplay, but
it just, again, looks like another anime slash comic manga type of integrated thing there,
uh, Final Fantasy Type Zero, I think there'll be a few people excited about that, that is
finally out on the PSP this week, Ragnarok Hikari Toyami no Kujo, yes, I believe this
is another Ragnarok Online, yep, based game, that's what it looks like to me, so, Dark
Sakura, sadly not here to squeak, Soshipop, are you gonna squeak on behalf of Dark Sakura?
Thank you, uh, Senritsu no Stratus comes out on the PSP this week as well in Japan, and
lastly, going over to the Wii and the 3DS, Kirby's Return to Dreamland on the Wii this
week, and on the 3DS, um, Yugen Gaisha Brave Company comes out this week on the 3DS.
There you go, Salacious Pop, would you mind filling in for Dark Sakura and doing the UK
dates?
The UK releases, starting with tomorrow, Monday, the 24th of October, Pokemon Rumble Blast
on the 3DS, on the 25th we have Infamous 2, Festival of Blood on the PS3, and Stronghold
3 on the PC, uh, following that up we've got, on the 26th, Daytona USA, on the 360, Daytona,
uh, Pixel Junk, Side Scroller for the PS3, and War of the Worlds on the 360, on the 28th,
uh, we have, of course, the huge release, uh, Battlefield 3 for the 360, PC and PS3,
Disgaea 4, uh, PlayStation 3, Disney Universe, PlayStation 3 Wii and Xbox 360, Dragon Ball
Z Ultimate Tenkachi on the 360 and PlayStation 3, Football Manager Handheld 2012 for the
PSP, House of the Dead Extended Cut for the PS3, James Noir's Hollywood Crimes for the
3DS, Kinect Sports Season 2 for the 360, Motion Sports Adrenaline for the PS3 and 360, and
finally NCIS for the Wii 360, PS3, 3DS and PC.
Woo.
Alright.
And there's a whole bunch of other stuff listed under generically October 2011 and I'm not
gonna read off all that stuff.
Yeah.
There's a lot.
That's fine.
Alright, let's move on.
Just a couple more stories for you guys and then the classic game of the week, yes, Dark
Sakura has given her blessing that we could do a game this week without her, and we've
got a good one tonight.
Uh, meanwhile, couple quick news stories.
Loki.
Hey, I remember a few months back, several months back, there was a guy named Jigohot
and there was a whole bunch of hub-a-bub about, uh, hub-a-lub, hub-a-loo, about, uh, you know,
PlayStation 3 and jailbreaks and stuff like that and the keys being leaked out and all
that fun stuff.
Well, we're back to that again.
Um, there is a new jailbreak that's out now.
It apparently is for, uh, the firmware version 355 consoles and supports games up to current,
up to the current firmware, uh, 3.73, so you're able to patch the games and play them on those
consoles.
Finally, the dongle will allow you to play titles burned to Blu-ray discs, uh, via, um,
a hard drive, including FIFA 12, Driver San Francisco, God of War Origins Collection,
Pro Evo 2012, X-Men Destiny, and Sniper Ghost Warrior, and, uh, it's circulating in Indonesia
right now and will be sold for roughly 45 bucks, and, uh, they have, like, a little
video showing it and it kinda boots up to, like, a developer screen and stuff like that.
So obviously, what's that mean for everybody else?
Well, it means a lot more patches and a lot more firmware updates, of course, as they
try to block this thing, so look forward to that, and hopefully the network doesn't go
down again.
Like I've said before, I think, uh, crypto hackers that are really into DRM and stuff,
they may not even care about games that much.
They just love the challenge of breaking really good crypto, and then they put it out and
they make money off of it, so, you know, who knows?
But it's just gonna, you know, it's just like plugging your thumb into a dam with all these
holes in it, trying to keep the water out, and only do it for so long.
Alright, well, moving on to another story for you guys, this is actually a pretty big
one.
Nintendo had a press conference in the middle of the night, well, okay, it was day during
Japan, but it was the middle of the night for us, about the 3DS, and just detailing
a ton and ton of new updates coming for the 3DS.
It's all around one big firmware update coming this November, I don't think we had a specific
date on this, right?
Of course not, so they can delay it.
Right, so it can be the very last day of November and still be on time.
Uh, some of the features that are gonna be in this, 3D video recording, which they've
said before, um, you're gonna be able to make clips up to 10 minutes long, what also is
part of this, which I admit is kinda cool, stop motion animation, part of the 3D videos.
That's neat.
I mean, it's easy, but it's, it's gonna, you know people are gonna get creative with this,
it'll be fun.
I, it's, it's a neat idea, but, ugh, cameras are just really terrible.
But that's alright, they'll fix that in the next version of the 3DS, so.
Uh, there will be a map overlay to show where Miis you got in StreetPass are from, but,
I don't, does that mean, like, you'll literally be able to see, like, I got a hundred people
at Disneyland?
Well, Rob, it'll be nice to know where you live.
Well, yeah, but when you specify where you live on the 3DS, they don't have GPS in them,
you just say California.
You know, it'll be interesting, because I get a lot of StreetPasses at Disneyland when
I go, and I get a lot of people from Mexico, and I get a lot of people, of course, in California,
but I get all around the U.S., because, of course, Disneyland is a place for everybody
around the world.
I have a shit-ton of Miis from Japan, thanks to that day we were at E3, and I StreetPass
with, like, 50 people in, like, five minutes, so, eh.
You will be able to transfer software to other 3DS systems, which is good, because if, uh,
the inevitable, you know, Game Boy Advance games come out, and then you've got the inevitable
3DS upgrade that will happen next year, so, of course, you're gonna get suckered into
buying the new 3DS, you won't lose any of the shit you got on the current DS.
So where's my refund for the, uh, 3DS when that happens?
Keep on dreaming.
And, uh, the Find Me RPG that's built into the 3DS will get a sequel if you've cleared
the first iteration.
More hats, Joy, because right now the sequel is Play the Game Again.
You've got a shit-load of people on that from your trips to Disneyland, and you still
only have...
No, I've beat Find Me once, and I'm on the second go-through right now, about halfway
through go-through number two.
But do you get more hats?
You do, actually.
Well, you've encountered people with these awesome-looking, like, Metroid hats and all
this stuff, that they must have beat the game several times to get that.
No, I have the Metroid hat and I have the crown.
I don't have that demon hat that, like, is changed color.
I think that's what you get time to, because that's the last boss in Find Me, so I'm thinking
it's what you get on the second play-through when you beat it.
Okay.
So, one puzzle piece away from having every single puzzle piece in the puzzle exchange
game.
So, I'll have that soon, too.
Does finding every puzzle piece make your 3DS spawn another analog stick?
Don't think so.
You just get pretty 3D pictures to rotate around, and the one last one I need is those
stupid pigmen.
Also, I guess there's supposed to be another new StreetPass game that's not just Find Me,
so I guess they're adding more for the StreetPass stuff, which is cool.
A few more details on Mario Kart 7 came out.
You will be able to do 8 player online at 60 frames a second.
That's pretty impressive, if true, so that'll be cool.
You can do online or offline racing.
You will be able to set up communities, so you can have groups of people to race against
and have criteria for these communities.
That's kind of cool.
If there's an OLR community way to do that, we will build one, absolutely.
You're going to be able to get data from other people by using StreetPass, which will be
win-loss records, coin data, and ghost data.
That's kind of cool, because that's in Ridge Racer right now, so that'll be cool to have
that in Mario Kart.
Also announced, Lakitu and Metal Mario as characters.
They're really stretching now, aren't they?
Hulu Plus will be coming to the 3DS, and the Wii.
Mario Kart, you can put characters from your other franchises in there.
You don't just have to do Mario and Donkey Kong, because Donkey Kong's not part of the
Yeah, I know he was in the first Donkey Kong game, but the new Donkey Kong Country Crap
is not part of the Mario series.
It's its own thing, so you can put Zelda and Samus and stuff like that.
There's a lot more characters to use other than Metal Mario.
That's true.
They could be put, yeah, they could cross over, or just Pac-Man and Ms. Pac-Man are
in the arcade one.
I mean, I know the arcade one's made by Namco, but still, you've got that agreement.
Or, you know, some of the Smash Brothers characters, like, you know, some of the F-Zero characters.
Kid Icarus and his car can fly.
He gets extra hang glider power.
Alright, anyway.
Hulu Plus, as I was saying, is also coming to the 3DS and the Wii soon.
I'm assuming it's with that upgrade, but I guess it could be even sooner.
Hulu Plus, of course, will still cost you money to get all those TV episodes, but some
people are using it, especially as people are leaving Netflix, they're turning to Hulu
Plus.
So let's just pop, you use my 3DS more than I do, and you use it for Netflix a lot.
So if, hypothetically, if we were paying for Hulu Plus, would you be down with that?
The Netflix client on the 3DS, in my opinion, is really bad and laggy and awful, and it
times out all the time, and it's not wireless, so I would need the Hulu Plus client to be
better than that.
Interesting.
I didn't even realize it was that crappy.
What's important to note, though, is that while you might go, meh, or lol, they're still
supporting the Wii, Netflix, the Wii is the number one for Netflix, which surprised the
hell out of me, but they're in enough homes where, yeah.
We'll look at the sales date of how many Wiis were sold, it's not that much of a stretch.
So that's going to be big for them to get Hulu Plus.
I think this is kind of neat, more so than almost anything else, is that the 3DS is going
to be getting a messaging system called Nintendo Letterbox.
You will be able to send notes and photos and sounds to friends.
I mean, granted, you can kind of do this with what's called a cell phone, with SMS and so
forth, but it opens it up to younger folks if, you know, the parents are supervising
it.
Well, and they had it on the Wii, where you can send messages and photos.
But your Wii didn't really have a camera built in, so like, I could take 3D pictures of Disneyland
and send it to my friends and make them jealous, that'll be kind of cool.
So I don't know, I think it's neat.
I'm not like, oh my god, it's the most amazing technology ever to happen, but it seems like
one of those things where it's like, wow, Nintendo's finally starting to like, catch up with online
and starting to implement features that we were seeing in other systems like five years
ago.
But at least it's forward movement, good job.
So lots of stuff coming out for the 3DS in November, maybe even sooner for some of this
other stuff.
So we'll see.
All right, meanwhile, it is time to open up the gaming vault and take a trip in and find
a classic video game of the week.
Now, DarkSakura is not here tonight, but she left a key to her house, and she left the
vault unlocked.
So we made SalaciousPop go into the vault and find a game that he thinks you should
be playing this week, so that we wouldn't get in trouble.
SalaciousPop, what did you find in DarkSakura's vault that is worthy of being the classic
game of the week?
One of the first and one of the best original Legend of Zelda clones for the NES, a little
SNK RPG known as Crystallis.
Good pick.
Very good pick.
I was really surprised DarkSakura had never done this one, because it seems like one of
those things is obvious to me.
Crystallis was released in Japan April 13th of 1990 and came out in the US, translated
for the NES, three months later in July of 90.
It was praised for the original 8-bit NES, relatively advanced graphics, very beautiful
game, and also its fantastic soundtrack.
And I usually would just forget who actually made Crystallis.
I was thinking it was maybe one of Enix's first RPGs, but no, it was SNK, as of King
of Fighters fame.
This is an RPG they put out, and I'm sure they've had titles in Japan that may not have
made it over here, but I can't think of any other SNK RPGs.
Can you?
Not really, no I can't actually.
So yeah, this is kind of just a weird sort of anomaly, but it was a fantastic game.
The title in Japan was God Slayer Haruka Tenku no Sonata, which is a God Slayer Sonata of
the Faraway Sky.
Part of the plot is that basically humanity built this huge powerful tower for whatever
nefarious reason, technology got out of control, and once this tower was built up in the sky,
there was some big apocalypse, and now the world is overrun with monsters.
You wake up in a very sort of futuristic sci-fi hibernation chamber where there's a big glass
door that slides open, and you come out, and you have amnesia, and you don't know what's
going on or who you are, and you find sort of a little old RPG town, and they're like
you came out of that cave, and oh my god.
So you have to figure out who you are, and these four sages basically say that this evil
dude is trying to get into the tower, the Dragonia Empire is trying to get into the
tower so they can go blow up the world again, and you have to find these four swords, Earth,
Fire, Wind, Water, and you have to combine them to form Crystallus, and then only then
once you have that legendary sword, you can then take out the evil dude, and of course
if you're thinking that sounds kind of Zelda-ish, at least Link to the Past and so on, then
you'd probably be right that the plot lines are sort of similar.
The water sword you could use if you swung it, you could make little ice bridges over
narrow little streams of water, so there were some puzzle solving elements too on which
sword you used.
You also had XP, so you would gain levels and your stats would go up, and it was possible
if you wanted to grind and min-max your way all the way up to level 99 stats with everything.
It had some kind of janky collision detection, where you would try to avoid a monster and
you would still hit it anyway, or trying to navigate some of the lava and the paths were
kind of weird.
I know that it suffered from, you know like in Mega Man games when there were too many
sprites, it would get kind of stuttery, Crystallus had a lot of that, but otherwise it was a
very solid action RPG that had a lot of Final Fantasy elements with Legend of Zelda elements
in it too.
One thing to note is that two of the four sages that helped guide you in fulfilling
your destiny is that they were based off of Kensou and Athena, the magical girl pop star
from King of Fighters and Sai Kensou.
Two of the elders are analogs of them, so that was kind of some meta fan service even
back then in 1990 that they had done for their previous franchise, and I believe this was
before King of Fighters was a thing in 1990.
Fatal Fury I believe was out by then, and the Athena, the platformer with Sai and Athena
in it.
I was going to say, wasn't that also an NES game, like way, way, way early on?
Yeah, so those characters were already established and they did some fan service-y things with
Kensou and Athena and Crystallus.
Yeah, I remember seeing that in Crystallus and I was like, is that tied to the other
game?
Yeah, and there's a female character who you find who seems to have all of her memories
and you can tell by looking at her character model or her sprite that she's obviously from
the same time as you and she was hibernated in the past and awoke in the future just like
you were, and she kind of plays a role like Sheik in Ocarina of Time where she sort of
shows up and gives some expositive, you know, narrative and helps you and then disappears
again.
And it turns out that both you and her are scientists that willfully froze yourself so
that you could reawaken.
Spoiler, yeah, and help save the world.
This is a kick-ass game.
This is a great game.
I mean, graphical problems aside, it was just so good.
I remember it used to make my friend really sad because his birthday was October 1st and
when he blew up this game, he goes, October 1st, 1997, the end day.
That's my birthday.
That's awesome.
Oh, yeah.
I remember that.
It had that little in-game or cinematic.
Which we survived.
We got past the end day and then some.
And there are a lot of similarities with the plot and the overall styling and art direction
of the game that makes people think that it was influenced in part by Miyazaki's Nausicaa
of the Valley of the Wind.
The floating tower and a lot of the themes are similar.
And the first village that you find when you wake up from the cave is called Leaf, which
I believe there is a village in Nausicaa that was named the same thing.
Or it could just be that Leaf is kind of a common term.
Yeah.
Some of the bosses, I don't know if this is a glitch, but basically if you just spam the
shit out of your sword attack button, you could kind of kill bosses by just button mashing.
I see here that a lot of people had problems with that when there was supposed to be some
sort of more styled way on what weapons to use on a boss, but you kind of could ignore
that and just find its weak spot and beat the hell out of it.
But yeah, it's a great game.
If you have a way to play it, you should check it out.
Alright, your classic game of the week for the Nintendo Entertainment System and then
later on the Game Boy Color.
Crystallis.
Good pick.
Hopefully Jamie wasn't saving that one.
I don't know, but it's about time that one came up.
That's a great pick.
Alright, we are going to take a break, guys, but don't go anywhere.
We're going to come back with plenty more of Orange Lounge Radio, including some rapid
fire news, some early talk about Xbox and PlayStation 4, and can you believe we haven't
brought this game up yet tonight?
It's all people have been talking about all week.
Arkham City, we've got to talk about some things with that.
The mailbag, the FUs of the week, the Twitter topics, and your calls when we come back with
more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live tonight.
The 433rd episode of our show for this October the 23rd of 2011.
Dark Sakura, not here tonight, sadly, but taking her place and doing a mighty fine job
so far.
Salacious Pop, with a good classic game of the week, by the way.
Very good job.
Thank you.
One of the games that came up in the last segment that I was reading a little more about
during the break, because I was just curious about this, Disney Universe.
It really does look like it's going to be just like Little Big Planet.
It doesn't even try to hide it.
But they say, I'm looking up the Wiki on it, and they're saying, well, it also kind of
looks like the Lego games, I guess.
But you play through six different worlds to beat enemies, get power ups and coins.
And I guess you can put on costumes resembling characters from 40 classic and contemporary
Disney and Pixar properties.
Of course, the first thing I said is, is there Tron?
Is there Tron?
Is there Tron?
Is there Tron?
There's Tron.
Tron Legacy is one of them.
Sadly, I don't think that's one of the worlds you'll get to fight in.
That would make me very sad.
Maybe downloadable later.
But I love that there's like a WALL-E and stuff too.
I don't know.
I might, I might, I might have to check this out.
I'm kind of a sucker for Disney stuff.
And Little Big Planet obviously is a great game.
So we'll see.
Of course, it's probably a $60 game.
Huh?
I don't know.
Uh, no.
Oh, it's not?
I think like 50.
Oh, well, gee, such a value.
Such a, it's a bargain basement.
Oh boy.
All right.
Let's go around and do some rapid fire news because, you know, sometimes there's a lot
of news and we don't have a lot of time to go too in depth, but we want to just make
sure we cover a few things here.
Sony's 3D display will be coming out November 13th.
Of course, it's $499 and it comes with, you know, Motorstorm Apocalypse, uh, unfortunately
the Resistance 3, unlike promised before, but you know, whatever.
Um, also of course, you know, a pair of glasses and an HDMI cable that you'll need to use
that with your PlayStation 3.
And uh, you can also buy separate sets of glasses for $70 as well.
And there are games supporting it so far, uh, you know, Motorstorm Apocalypse, Gran
Turismo 5, and Killzone 3, and Super Stardust HD all support the Simulview, um, right now
at launch.
And I believe I saw that, um, Ridge Racer is supposed to be getting 3D support as well,
so that's kind of neat.
Because that's a game that would probably benefit from it quite a bit.
Um, of course, people have been begging and pleading, you know, Valve, when are you going
to release some, you know, stuff I can buy for Portal, like, you know, actual Portal
turrets and cubes and whatnot.
Well, uh, you will be able to buy a Portal turret very soon.
Uh, it's going to be plush, which, you know, fine, that's close enough, I guess.
It does have a glowing red eye with a motion detector and will, of course, spout different
phrases from the game, and, uh, they will be going on sale mid-December on ThinkGeek,
is where you can purchase those.
Of course, also, to go along with that will be the official, um, Portal companion cube.
I thought they already had a cuddly companion cube, or was that-
I think a lot of those have been, like, you know, people made them on, uh-
Was that, like, an Etsy ripoff?
Well, no, weren't there the official- they were, like, dice for your win- for your rear-view
mirror in your car.
I remember, okay, maybe it was that.
They keep dice.
This one is, uh, it's not huge, it's, like, six inches cubed, obviously, and, um, it'll
be available, uh, via the NECA shop, um, in November.
Please don't throw them in the fireplace.
I guess, um, that'll be, yeah, coming out, so, um, neat, I guess.
Like I said, I preferred that the Portal turret wasn't exactly a, uh, plush item, it kinda
looks stupid when it's plush.
You know, I'd rather a plastic thing that I can shoot bullets out of, you know.
I don't know.
Um, and then, of course, you know, to go along with Portal, there's some discussion regarding
the second DLC, um, expansion, which will be coming, uh, early next year, or late next
year, depending if it gets delayed, and, uh, it will include an in-game editor.
You may remember they were talking about, um, something before, saying, wouldn't it
be kinda cool if we could create some sort of, like, almost like a Photoshop for Portal
level editing that you can, you know, just very easily create your own levels?
Well, they're gonna do that.
Also, they're gonna allow, um, I guess, some additional, uh, view, play, vote on various
levels, that are gonna be, I think, included in this, and, um, one of the things that they're
gonna be adding is the ability to actually play, um, levels within the game without having
to actually go into the console and load up a level.
You'll be able to actually select user-made levels, because there's a lot of them out
there.
Wow.
Which would be awesome.
Yeah.
And, of course, no word if that's coming to 360, since 360 doesn't have Steam, so.
Wasn't Valve supposed to have some big announcement after Portal 2 came out on what their next
project is?
Because, as I understand it, we don't really know-
Defense of the Agents.
Of Dota 2.
Oh, that's right.
Okay.
Yeah.
Because I was thinking, what is their next big thing that they're working on?
It's certainly not Half-Life.
Don't get me started.
It's still 2.
I mean, because they've already, you've seen, there's clips of that on YouTube, like, people
are already playing it at, I guess, conventions or some type of thing.
But then, after that, who knows?
So.
Sorry, Slice2Pop, I don't think it'll be Half-Life 3, but we'll see.
You never know.
You never know.
Christmas may come early this year, Slice2Pop, have you been good?
I think if it's gonna be anything, they're just gonna update the whole source engine
just to do something brand new, like Half-Life 3 engine or something.
That's what's probably taking it so long, is they're gonna have to create a new engine
for it.
Kaijuto in our chatroom at chat.orangestop.com says, I want Portal PJs.
Would they be little companion cubes, or little, like, blue and orange portals, or what?
I saw this girl that had these portal earrings I thought were really cute, where she had
a blue portal on one ear and an orange one on the other, and, like, a guy running through.
I thought it was cute.
So there's a lot of cute little nerdy things out there.
Anyhow, moving on to some rumored, I guess, holiday-related bundles coming to the PlayStation
3.
A Mayhem Edition move bundle that will contain Killzone 3 and Resistance 3 apparently is
being rumored.
I guess this is some box factory snapshots that have leaked onto the internet.
Also a special edition of LittleBigPlanet 2 is supposedly on the way.
It's about time.
I've been waiting for one of those.
It's their Game of the Year edition, obviously.
Remember I said I wouldn't buy it until the Game of the Year edition came out.
It's November 22nd.
Is it cheaper?
Is it cheaper?
Is it cheaper?
It's the same price.
It's $59.99.
But it has all the expansions in it.
I guess it's cool.
And they're also doing a bundle that's going to have the move controller with it as well.
Oh, that's cool.
Our last few trips to Target and Best Buy have been you going LittleBigPlanet 2.
There it is.
And I don't know.
I don't think they're doing a Game of the Year, so maybe I should pick it up this time.
Yeah, you can just borrow mine.
Really?
Because I think I will.
I haven't been playing it.
Yeah, heck yeah.
That's even cheaper than $60.
Alright.
Also, coming out very soon, like this week, Dance Central 2 is coming out.
A demo is already out on Xbox Live.
I forgot to download that and check it out, but you know, if you have a Kinect, you probably
already know what Dance Central is all about, but if you want to check out the new engine,
you can shake for free to Club Can't Handle Me.
That's the David Guetta song, right, with Florida.
And Bulletproof by LaRue.
Also, the rest of the songs for the game have been announced.
Among some of the highlights, or lowlights if you will, Justin Bieber with Somebody to
Love.
Yay.
Lady Gaga with Bad Romance.
Okay, that's cool.
Little Boots.
I like her.
That song called Metal.
That's pretty cool.
Sean Kingston with Fire Burning.
Tweet featuring Missy Elliott with Oops Oh My.
A cover version of Toxic.
I guess Britney was too good.
And coming to Dance Central 2, Willow with Whip My Hair.
So lowkey, if you're planning on buying Dance Central 2, you'll hear that song once again.
That's lame.
Before you think.
By the way, don't forget you can import all your Dance Central 1 songs into Dance Central
2.
I think there is like a, what, five or ten dollar import fee.
Five bucks.
That's not too bad, I guess.
No.
Lastly, but not leastly, this is of great importance to Orange Lounge Radio in our history.
The website WhatTheyPlay.com has closed.
I didn't know IGN owned it, but yeah, IGN owned WhatTheyPlay.com, and it is no more.
On the Facebook page, I guess it was announced, well no, because they didn't really announce
it since February, so whatever.
I guess a closure notice went up or whatever, and now it just redirects to IGN.com.
Why this is funny, you'll have to go check the Orange Lounge Radio wiki, but one of our
very first dream games we ever came up with was a game called WhatTheyPlay.com Snap, and
you know, you'll just kind of have to go read about it.
It was our own little take on very offensive things in video games, according to this website,
all in the form of Pokemon Snap.
What was it?
Wasn't it like two guys making out with a disembodied head, shouting fuck?
Like I seem to recall the thing that was like so irritating about that poll was that people
found two guys kissing more offensive than a severed head.
So somehow that led to this whole discussion about WhatTheyPlay.com Snap, be it what it
may.
I don't even know what episode that was in, but I'm sure it's all on the wiki.
The folks that update our wiki at OrangeLoungeRadio.wiki.com, they do a fantastic job archiving some of
the shows and jokes.
It's great.
Slice and Pop, what do you have for us?
Rock Band 3 is getting some new songs, mostly Rob Zombie and White Zombie, his project before
he started putting stuff out under his own name.
They're going to be available October 25th for about $2 a song.
There are four of them in this update.
For those that remember The Darkness, that kind of retro glam metal sort of kitschy gimmick
band that was popular a little while ago with that song, I Believe in a Thing Called Love.
The guy who was in the spandex jumpsuit, that song, it's a lot of fun.
I can see people getting drunk and playing Rock Band to that.
For Rob Zombie, Living Dead Girl, and then under the White Zombie name Thunder Kiss 65,
which I seem to remember was a pretty badass song, and White Zombie's Super Charger Heaven.
And also, Super Charger Heaven is often referred to as Devil Man, because that's what's in
the chorus.
I was going to ask where More Human Than Human is, but I'm like almost positive that's already
in the game.
Yeah.
Rock Band has a lot of songs.
So very cool.
In Peripheral News, if you remember that, I think it was from Famitsu Magazine a couple
weeks or months ago, the caddy for the 3DS that you pop it into, and it has an extra
right side analog thumby thing.
And people were like, well does this mean that the 3DS is going to get a new version
that doesn't have this as an add-on?
It was always going to get a new version.
Well yeah.
It's Nintendo after all.
So it was being bundled with Monster Hunter over in Japan, which is a huge Capcom franchise
over there.
I don't think it's nearly as popular over here.
But we're getting it here in the US.
They're saying that it's early 2012, whether that's Q1 or Q2 is what Capcom is forecasting.
It will be available for the Resident Evil Revelations game, which is due out February
7th of next year.
So obviously by February 7th we're going to get this thing.
Will a AAA battery be included?
Because that's what this thing runs off of apparently.
It doesn't know how to plug into your DS.
The battery life on the 3DS is already pretty bad, especially if you have something open
and then you just close the clamshell for sleep mode, your DS will die within an hour.
So my understanding is that for whether it be Resident Evil Revelations or Monster Hunter,
well it's nice to have this caddy thing with the extra right thumb analog thing that is
not mandatory.
So you can still play these games without the extra right side thing.
And if you're thinking about getting a 3DS at this point you might want to wait because
there's going to be I'm sure a redo next year that just has all this shit included.
Unless you must play Mario Kart 7 or one of the other games that's coming out soon, which
I can't say I blame you.
I'm really excited about that Mario game to be honest.
So for those of us that were, for the early adopters who thought that it was just a horrible
nightmare and you were hallucinating, no it's real.
It's real and we're getting it.
And that's what you get, I'm kidding.
Finally and I have maybe a little resentment that Rob gave me this story to report on,
but Karaoke Revolution Glee Volume 3, it's the best show ever, oh my god what's going
to happen with Mercedes, is coming out on the Xbox 360 and Wii November 22nd.
Glee, glee, glee.
Haven't the ratings for that show really dipped though?
Like people are kind of getting over it.
Like I heard that other Fox show, the Fox show with that one girl who just looks surprised,
like she looks like a deer in the headlights all that.
What's her name?
Zoe?
Zoe Deschanel.
Yes, her.
Her show is like beating glee and it comes on like after it or something.
So like glee is like it's fading fast.
It's one of those flash in the pan shows probably.
Yeah and of course Konami is putting this out obviously because it's Karaoke Revolution
and the glee merchandise I think now is, and all the licensing and the glee brand and all
the CDs and the shit that they put out is a bigger, probably it's a bigger brand than
the actual series.
All the crap that they're slapping the franchise onto.
How many Sue Silvestres are you going to see this Halloween?
And that's how Sue sees, I have to admit she was the only funny thing on that show as much
of a cartoon as that character is.
It's like the only reason to watch it.
I could care less about white kids with problems.
It was all about Sue Silvestre to me.
So yeah, glee, Karaoke Revolution, whoop to shit.
That's my last story.
All right.
And by the way, that's like the only way Karaoke Revolution lives on right now.
I think that's the funniest thing out of all of it is that Karaoke Revolution, remember
when Harmonix co-did the first Karaoke Revolution game and it was really this whole new thing?
This is what your series turned into.
Don't stop believin'.
Hey, let's travel around and get some more news.
We are also going to be coming up to the mailbag very soon.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you want to send us your emails and Twitter topics
coming later as well as your last chance to get those in at Twitter.com slash O-L-R. So
at O-L-R on Twitter.
All right, Loki.
Well, of course, everyone's always talking about what's going to be next for the Xbox
and PlayStation.
Well, of course, the rumor is that the next Xbox system is going to be slated for 2013.
And they're saying with Nintendo revealing its Wii U console at E3, it's kind of pushed
them to release their system faster.
And apparently the site, well, the site develop is saying, their source is saying that apparently
they have a source from the processor chip manufacturers to middleware firms that they're
expecting an E3 2013 reveal of the console, followed by a launch later in the year.
And it could be as far away as early 2014, which that's almost a 10-year life cycle.
I mean, that's like eight, nine years.
Yeah, it can't really get too fussy about eight years.
That's a good run for me.
Yeah, I mean, what, the PlayStation 1 was out in two, or the PlayStation, well, the
PlayStation 1 was what, 96, 95?
Yeah, I think 95.
That was when Toshinden hit.
And then PlayStation 2 was 2001.
So that was...
No, 2000.
2000.
Okay.
It was nine...
A five-year.
Yeah.
And then to the PlayStation 2 was 2006.
God, I can't count.
PlayStation 3 was 2006.
So that was a six-year.
So if this pushes, what, seven or eight, that's pretty good.
The hardware is finally plateauing to the point where you can have sustainable graphics for
eight years.
That's great.
I think, though, that the Xbox needs it more than the PlayStation.
I still feel like the PlayStation's power hasn't been fully realized because a lot of
people have to...
I know this sounds so fanboyish, but hear me out, you guys.
Let's be real.
At the end of the day, the Blu-ray can hold more than the DVDs can.
So I think that...
I know it's slower and all that, but all those games install anyway.
But I think that once the new Xbox comes out, then the PlayStation 3 is gonna be that bottom
bar.
But I think people will be able to really fill up those discs with textures and high
resolutions and so forth.
I kind of just think the PlayStation 3 hasn't fully been realized yet.
So we'll see.
And usually the renaissance of a certain system is usually the latter three or four years
of its cycle rather than the first four.
And it's not necessarily the end of the life cycle, because they could still be considering
doing their 10-year life cycle.
It can go...
Oh, yeah.
Because it's a thing of the PS2.
Games came out for the PS2 forever.
There's still games coming out for the PS2.
So it could coexist with it for a few years after.
I wouldn't be surprised to be able to push it over 10 years.
So that's interesting.
Well, that's the theory, at least.
So I guess we'll have to wait and see, only a couple of years away before an announcement.
I would imagine we'd get an announcement sooner than later anyways.
Microsoft established with the 360 that you can actually come out first with a whole year
of head time and still win.
Well, what am I...
Why am I thinking it's between the 360 and the PS3 when the Wii has outsold both of them?
I was going to say, because usually the console that came out first was the one that fell
on its ass.
Because we're all looking at the Wii U going, you know, maybe lightning's not going to strike
twice this time.
That's why.
You know what?
Seriously, the Wii U, I'm kind of disappointed with the fact that they aren't going to try
to up the graphics to, yeah, okay, it's slightly better than 360.
It's going to have to be slightly better than that because the 360's going to be done with
by the time that it comes out.
So if it's a good system, Microsoft can have a year head star on everyone and win, ultimately,
the market.
I mean, Nintendo will have a chance, though, at next year's E3 to really wow the shit out
of us.
I mean, the nice thing about where Nintendo's going, they get a second chance.
So next year, if they can do it, they can put out games that have fucking sweet graphics
that use this whole tablet thing that just blow our fucking mind.
Like, they have a chance.
I've got a prediction for you.
It's not going to be ready for next year.
It's not going to be ready.
You think.
You're calling the Wii U delay already.
Wii U is not coming out in 2012.
You think.
And do you think it's because of its cold reception?
I think it's because they got nothing.
They have nothing.
They have a bunch of tech demos and that's it.
Proof of concept, that's it.
Here's the problem.
If the 3DS doesn't make a recovery this holiday, and I don't know, I still think it's too early
to say.
The Wii U, the Mario Kart, and the Mario games are going to go a long way in putting these
things under kids' Christmas trees this year.
But if the 3DS doesn't gain a lot of steam quickly, what are they going to have next
year?
Nothing.
It's going to really put pressure on to get the Wii U out or they're going to have to
give in to investors and start making iPhone games.
Yeah.
But see, when they're going to be...
Yeah, but that's the thing.
If they're going to rush the Wii U, come on.
We're going to see these games that, oh, we were developing this for the Wii, but we decided
to put it on the Wii U type situation.
And I know that...
Like the last story.
Nintendo has been the more family-friendly, affordable model since, really, the N64.
I don't like the fact that the tablet controller is a terminal.
It doesn't have any processor in it.
It's simply a screen.
I think Nintendo needs to realize that people are fucking buying iPads for their goddamn
kids and iPads aren't fucking cheap.
You can make your console more expensive and people will still buy it.
They're not going to go, oh my god.
Don't give them too many ideas.
Well, I understand that, but I'm just saying, you know, if you're buying a fucking $200
piece of equipment for your child, I mean, shit, I think they will spend $300 on a console.
Brad from PotCulture's in our chat room and wants me to make a bet with Loki.
Stop it.
Stop it, okay?
You had your chance and you blew it.
All you had to do was generate a few sales, a few hundred thousand sales of, you know,
I have judgment, and that was it, and then you would have had it.
But see, the Wii U does sound ridiculous, but once again, it's something like, all these
developers are so excited.
I think that these developers seriously don't get enough sun because it's, oh wow, it's
a tablet that interacts-
Do you think they all have vitamin D deficiencies?
It's like it's a tablet that interacts with this console.
Dude, they've got like tablets-
And the tablet does shit by itself.
You need the console tethered to it.
But you know what, though?
It's not, you say that like it's a bad thing, but look at like, you know, the on-live stuff.
It's a console that interacts with a server that basically streams the gaming to it.
True.
That's the same thing.
But once again, I'm like, that tablet looks stupid.
And yeah, ooh goody, we can put my, you know, my inventory down on this.
You know what, you could do that also with the 3, you know, the DS or something.
You can have it where it interacts with the actual consoles on, you know, the DS could
do that.
Same with the 3DS could do that.
But they didn't fucking do that.
I don't know, it's just, they're gonna need a lot more than what they've got.
Alright, let's move on to a game that's supposed to be on the Wii U when it comes out.
Arkham City.
Now, people have been going apeshit for this game.
I haven't played it, but I've watched Dan play a little bit of it.
And it did look pretty fucking sweet, I gotta say.
And like, you know, I like Batman.
I don't know why I didn't buy this game at launch, but I guess I'm just not, I'm not
usually very good at the 3D action games, I think that's kind of part of it.
But there's a part of me that's going kind of want with this game.
But then I read this crap, and I go, maybe I shouldn't buy it right away.
Remember how we've been talking about Project $10 applies to this game, and it's not even
multiplayer.
No, they've done the Catwoman.
Well, they have to run the servers!
You understand, they have to run the servers!
Think of the servers!
You know what really, the only thing that ticks me off about the whole thing is that
they really made Catwoman sound like she was an integral part of the game, and like it's
all part of it.
And now it's DLC.
You know, essentially.
Which I'm fine, you know, it's not like it's the first time we've seen a game come with
DLC in it.
That happens a lot now.
You know, it's just the whole, you know, buy the game new incentive, whatever.
But paid unlocked content, because that was a key.
No, I don't, I think it's like a, I was listening to Bobby show earlier, and one of his callers
said it was a 200 megabyte download.
Really?
Yeah.
So it must come with others, alright.
Do some investigative reporting, Loki.
Meanwhile, okay, here's the deal.
The thing that kind of, you know, ticked me off and made me go, maybe I shouldn't have
rushed into this.
Apparently, those download codes are showing up, and they don't work.
Some of them don't work, some of them are just fucking blank.
And there's a picture circulating around the internet of cards that went into boxes with
no codes on them.
And actually, from a factory production standpoint, this makes a lot of sense.
They probably have an assembly line and a machine that picks up these cards and runs
them through a printer, and the machine probably, if it picks up two at a time on accident,
which is bound to happen.
Why this ever can't happen to me at the ATM machine, I don't know.
But in the factory, it picks up two at a time, and then one of them doesn't get a code, yet
still goes in the game.
So yeah.
So it was going out there, and these people that were looking forward to playing as Catwoman
were kind of screwed.
However, Warner does have a five-step process to get this fixed.
Alright, fair enough.
It was a couple hundred meg download.
Alright.
So be it.
Alright, so apparently you call customer service, and you give them a dated proof of purchase,
like a receipt, that shows a new copy of the game, not eBay or not rented.
You have to give your gamer tag for Xbox Live or PSN, you have to give your email address,
a scan or digital picture of the package and game disk, and the scan or digital picture
of the code sheet.
Once you send all that in, they'll give you the code.
That's a lot of work for their mistake.
I know, right?
I seem to recall last time a developer fucked up.
Wasn't it Deus Ex that had this problem?
One of those had a code, and it got fucked up, so they just ended up having to give it
to everybody.
It was Driver.
It was Driver.
It was Driver.
Driver, they forgot to put the code in one of the packages.
I think it was 360 or PS3, I can't remember, it was one of those two.
They forgot to put in the Uplay code.
But this is apparently like, people, this is going back to the days of when people would
call in sick to work and stay up all night to play a video game.
This game is having that effect on people.
People that I know that aren't even that into video games are just going apeshit crazy over
this.
And trust me, people, if you really want to get this free code and maybe purchase a used
copy already, I mean, come on, you need a picture of the packed shot and a receipt?
I think we can find one on Google Image Search.
I love this.
Tigerclaw linked a picture in chatroom of a midnight launch at his local Evil G, and
one of the employees is dressed up as the Joker with the why so serious makeup.
At least people are getting into it.
Lol.
Shame on you for giving that place your business.
I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
This is where I'm going to get in my sandbox once again about this whole code crap.
So I would like to pose this question, and I'm sure no developers of these types of games
actually listen to this show, but maybe after we hopefully win the podcast awards, someone
will go back in the archives and hear my rant.
So I always hear the complaint, or I should say the argument from people in favor of these
$10 codes and online passes and stuff, well, the developers don't get any money from used
sales.
They just don't get any money, and those servers cost money to maintain blah blah blah blah
blah.
Okay, developers, how much of that $10 do you actually get?
Because I'm going to be willing to bet that you get nothing from those $10 vouchers that
get redeemed or whatever.
I'm betting it's $0 is what you get, and it all goes to the publisher to pad their numbers,
and yeah, some of that I'm sure will go to running their servers, because hey, if you
can run your servers cheaper than you are now, then why not?
But I mean, it's just an excuse, and no, I'm sure buying these games used is not going
to make or break a publisher as far as that goes, because I'm being willing to bet that
none of that money goes to the developers, all probably to the publishers.
You want proof.
I want to see the receipts.
I want someone to say, hey, we get a buck for each time someone buys this thing.
That's what I'd like to see, but I doubt it.
I doubt that they get very much money from that.
All right.
Let's move on to the mailbag.
Every week you guys send us emails at mailbag at orangelauncheradio.com.
Now normally DarkSakura will dive into the email bag head first and pull out some of
her favorite emails to read on air.
However, as you guys are aware, she's not here tonight, so she has asked SalaciousPop
to put on the biohazard suit and jump in there on her behalf.
So SalaciousPop, what's in the emails tonight?
First email tonight is from Robert M and he writes, evening, you probably already got
feedback about this, but the free downloadable Zelda Four Swords is not a 3DS exclusive,
but it's available on the DSI models as well.
I am very glad to see that they added a single player mode, allowing the player to have a
second link, follow him around and switch control to either character.
Overall this is the kind of effort Nintendo should be putting into its rereleases.
Now onto toys!
I have had and not had an interest in Spyro since the Insomniac days, and while I sympathize
with the storage issues and definitely the high buy-in, the concept of Skylander seems
kind of cool, even though I'm sure the game itself would probably be fairly simplistic.
I've seen other game-slash-toys like this, although those were probably an in-package
code rather than direct peripheral transfer of memory.
Some online racing games with toy cars, and some MMO called Freaky Creatures whose action
figures I've seen at Best Buy.
I haven't seen either of these in stores for a while though.
I haven't seen as much integration with my Transformers action figures, a line here and
there may have a catalog with a code for an unlockable in one of the games, but these
are rare and all the catalogs have the same code.
My question is, have you seen a more successful toy game integration?
Would you call those music games toys, like the plastic guitars, are those toys?
It kind of depends on your definition of toy.
Well I think what he's asking is, what was that card game for the Sony that bombed that
never came out?
Eye of Judgment?
Yeah, Eye of Judgment.
That's where you're kind of buying a physical thing to bring into the game.
With the Skylanders you have to find these little action figures to play that character
in the game.
So what have there been that's similar to that?
Well you have to go from the disc generations forward because obviously with the cartridge
scenario that just didn't happen.
I remember old school VCR games that tied in with toys, but that stuff didn't work very
well and it was all just for show in the commercials and stuff.
But as far as toys with games, I'm not sure.
And Loki, can you think of anything, any type of, like where they sold toys that integrated
with the game like this does?
That integrated the game?
Yeah.
Connectimals, they had little scans where you can basically interact with different,
you know, you can buy toys, or they had collector's editions that came with stuffed animals they
could play with the actual game with.
Viva Pinata had some stuff.
Did Viva Pinata have that?
Yeah, they had a little thing where you could scan your...
Yeah, they so tried to make Viva Pinata happen.
They tried, it wasn't going to happen.
Some people enjoyed it, some people really did, but like remember they had the cartoon,
they were really trying to make an empire out of that and it just...
If you want to count Babysitting Mama, because Babysitting Mama had the doll that you shoved
the Wii remote up into its nether regions and would interact that way.
Don't worry, Mama will fix it.
Let's see, what else?
There was...
Cat rooms yelling Captain Power, I think that's what they're thinking of the VCR stuff I'm
talking about.
Oh, wow.
Right?
Yeah, I remember that.
That was kind of like a rich kid's toy.
That shit was, well that shit was cheap as hell, though.
I didn't ever own one, but you know, I had the rich friends, and so, you know, they did.
That's what you do when you're poor, you make friends with rich people.
Through your sass and wit.
Alright, Salacious Pop, what's next?
Chiggers writes asking, rather, asking Dark Sakura, who's not here, an update on her PlayStation
tester application.
I can actually give you that, even though Dark Sakura's not here tonight.
She decided not to go through with it, and it was a discussion between her and Dan about
the whole, like, if I actually got it, I have to relocate.
Keep in mind, Dan just recently got employed again.
He was working a game crazy up until they all went under, and he's employed again, so
they made a personal decision that it's just not the right time for Dark Sakura to do that.
As funny as it would have been, she has to think not just for herself.
You know, she has a husband, so they didn't go through with it, which is too bad.
Unfortunately, Salacious Pop's application got in too late, right?
No, I'm just kidding.
Just messing.
I just want to see you go on that show and claw some 21-year-old's eyes out for being
a bitch.
Yeah, I'm probably too old.
I'm sure it's like on...
You'd be Grandpa on that show.
Because on the...
There's usually one or two people in their 30s that are in the cast somehow, but yeah.
They have one that I watched just because, and it was just the part of it, because Freddie
Wong is in it briefly.
He posted it on his Facebook page, but it's like some battlefield thing called the Controller.
It's a bunch of these noobs team up with, like, these pro gamers, and they have to play
Battlefield 3.
It's basically a big advertisement for Battlefield 3.
But yeah, all those shows are dumb.
Tester.
You can test games for the PlayStation 4!
No, remember, the next one had a different prize.
It's not about just the game testing now.
They sweetened the deal a little bit.
The prize sounds a lot better.
And we'll kick you in the nuts!
I don't know what happened to the second guy that won.
I know a gay guy won the second season.
His handle was, like, gamer.
And I haven't heard a lot about what happened to him, but I knew the guy that won the first
season actually only tested for, like, six months, and he moved into the part at Sony
that he really wanted to do.
That whole thing was really about just getting your foot in the damn door.
But I'd be curious about did they hire anyone else from the shows.
You know how sometimes, like, American Idol, right?
Chris Daughtry didn't win.
If you're in the top three, you're getting a record deal.
Exactly.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Uh, next email is from Jam J. Jam J writes, Holy shit, I haven't heard that name in forever.
That guy used to show up live a lot.
This week, I picked up Rocksmith for the 360, a, uh, I'm not sure, a 14 to USB connector
for the guitar was included.
My thoughts on the game itself is that it is more of a training slash drill tool than
game, and then parentheses, number cruncher, or number munchers.
For many, this would be a turnoff, but as an extreme novice at guitar, I found it was
decent and made otherwise boring practice a bit better.
The game functions as an amplifier for the guitar and has a free mode where you can just
free play your guitar.
I would recommend Rocksmith for those that want to learn a bit of guitar, but aren't
taking normal lessons or excuse me, aren't taking formal lessons.
One of the drawbacks is that you have to grind songs repetitively, repetitively in order
to open up new modes.
However, it does make you practice.
After the 30 minutes of, after the 30 minutes of starting the game, I found I was able to
play a simplified version of Satisfaction, which wasn't bad at all.
I used a basic Strat style electric guitar.
Rocksmith will work with any electric guitar with a quarter, oh, that's probably a quarter
inch, with a quarter inch jack.
I give this game the Tomato Frog stamp of approval for learning basic guitar.
GMJ.
Well, that actually is not a bad review.
You know, I like that he says it's more of a tool than a game.
And I'd be curious to see how much this catches on, if at all.
I mean, I think people are like, they're just too ready to throw it into the rock band and
guitar hero pile than to see what it really is.
But I appreciate the review because this was something that I don't, I gotta admit, I don't
really have a super duper interest in learning to play the guitar, but it sounds like a neat
way to learn.
I'm more of a keyboard person, keep in mind, piano, that stuff.
And our last email of the evening is from Fabrice in Belgium and he writes, hello, OLR.
I love international emails, just saying.
I went to my very first sci-fi convention last Saturday and it was simply amazing.
The people cosplaying just blew my mind away.
Most of their costumes were made that well and they played their part with so much conviction.
Wow, it really made a big impression on me.
The overall atmosphere and friendship between cosplayers made me, made me consider to cosplay
myself.
I didn't see anyone cosplaying Pyramid Head, I'm thinking about filling up that gap next
year on this convention.
Although I don't know too much about him, I've never had a chance, I've never had a
chance to play Silent Hill.
He looks like such a badass character.
And then I have Halloween's coming.
You really should check out Silent Hill, just saying.
I have something to whine about too.
It seems that every single game has downloadable content nowadays.
As I was randomly going through the Xbox Live Marketplace, I saw there was even downloadable
content for such a small and simple game as Fruit Ninja Connect.
I do get that developers and publishers want to make some more extra money, but it's just
crazy.
It feels more and more like content that should be included in the game when you first buy
it.
In two years time, if this trend continues, we will only buy half games for the full price.
I hate to say it, this trend's already been going for a long time, and a lot of this is,
you know, IOS has a lot of this too.
This is just kind of the world we live in right now, and you really have to vote with
your dollars.
Don't buy half-assed games.
Don't.
Do your research.
Well, as always, thanks a lot for making the show every week.
You guys really are awesome.
I'm voting almost every day for you guys for the podcast awards.
That's the least I can do for you.
Aw, shucks.
Shucks.
Thanks so much.
Fabrice in Belgium.
Really appreciate it, Fabrice.
You know, his story about the sci-fi convention and all the excitement that kind of went with
that and kind of...
I bet a lot of that excitement is just being with other nerds.
I know that, like, my first E3 was a lot like that, was, like, all these professional people
that really happen to be, like, big fucking nerds like me.
Like, I just...
I loved my first E3, and I don't think I'll ever go to one as good as that because of
that.
But, like, it just reminded me of some other thing I read this week.
Did you see...
Here I go.
Opening Pandora's box.
Woo!
There was some magazine.
It was Men's Health that did this piece on New York Comic-Con, and they just basically
sent a photographer there to take pictures of fat cosplayers to put it on their website
and make fun of them.
Like, you know, guys dressed as Captain America or something like that that have, like, the
beer bellies and things like that, and I was just like...
It's obviously Men's Health, so I don't know if they're just trying to make people feel
bad about themselves, so they'll subscribe to the magazine to, I don't know, get health
tips, but the whole thing just came off as hella fucking rude.
And like, you know, obviously Twitter and the internet, rightfully so, is pissed and
demanding an apology.
I don't know if they ever got one.
I didn't follow the story that much, but it's just, ugh, just so classless, like, but it's
just all reason not to get that magazine, I suppose, that they're just gonna be rude
like that.
Like, who even in a boardroom, I mean, office, or a story editor, thinks that's funny.
Let's go to New York Comic-Con and take pictures of fat people, and we'll put them in the magazine.
That's like what the bullies did in high school.
Let's go pick on the fags and put them in the trash can, huh huh.
It's just ridiculous.
Shame on everybody involved with that.
And to the people that have the guts to dress up like in tights when they may not have perfect
bodies, I say props to you.
Props to you for having the guts to get out there and do that, because those people that
write for the magazines often won't even put their fucking pictures in the mag.
Let's see a picture of the guy that wrote that article, see what he looks like.
I bet he's not perfect.
And then one last thing.
We did get your email, DKPopman, and also a shout out for The Doctor 90125, but what
you talked about is actually coming up in just a few minutes, but we got your email.
Hello, DKPopman.
Well, hello and thank you.
We always don't have time to write, do every email either, and I think that's important
to keep in mind.
That's it for mailbag.
But we do read them all.
Thank you.
I just posted that actually his show, Anime Jam Session, a friend of ours, actually wrote
this whole counter article to it.
I'm not going to reread the whole thing.
He's posted it in chat.
The whole thing is infuriating enough where I really don't want to spend any more time
talking about it, but if you just want to see reasons why you should be mad, go read
it.
You don't have to be fat to support fat rights, because how does that old saying go?
At first they didn't come for me, and I said nothing, and then they came for me and no
one said anything.
Something like that.
Somebody in chat will remind me what that is.
Alright, anyhow, let's move on with some more news.
It's hard to believe that this damn thing is so popular, but Angry Birds.
They're getting a film, and why?
Did they really run out of that many ideas that they have to create a movie based on
this game?
It doesn't make any sense, but anyways, the game's been downloaded over 400 million times,
so they probably think, hey, you know what, let me make some money off that movie.
And of course, their revenue, Rovio was currently valued at 1.2 billion dollars, which is ridiculous.
Ridiculous, I say.
And to kind of go along with that, Ubisoft, they have a wonderful franchise called Assassin's
Creed, and Sony has apparently bought the rights to make a movie based on it, and this
is coming from also the fact that Sony has just recently started registering a bunch
of websites for an Assassin's Creed movie, so that's a good indicator.
Assassin's Creed might make a pretty good movie.
I think it could, because it actually has a pretty decent storyline to go along with
it, so I can see that.
I see it more so than Angry Birds, that's for sure.
Angry Birds has no plot, other than, you know, it's just-
They're mad at pigs.
There's pigs, and they did something that angered the birds, and so you launch, I mean,
I don't want to watch a movie where it's just birds flinging themselves at walls all
movie long.
I remember growing up in the 80s when Saturday morning cartoons were a thing, and you had
these really awful Saturday morning cartoons that were only on for a season that promoted
the toys, and the toys were there to promote the cartoon.
Why not just have an Angry Birds cartoon, right?
I mean-
Makes sense.
But again, little kids don't have $400 smartphones to play the damn game on, but yeah, it's like,
why can't you just-
But you can play the game on almost everything now.
Well yeah, it's on Google Plus, and the port on Google Plus is actually pretty good, but
it's like, I just remember, why can't you just make a cartoon series to sell some plastic
shit and be done with it?
I don't know why it needs a movie.
That's all.
Well, hearing about Angry Birds movies make me angry, and when we get angry, we rage,
and it's the F-You's of the Week.
Sure, I guess, um, F-You to waking up with headaches, which is weird, because it's like
I was asleep, I should feel awesome if I have a headache.
It got better, though, after once I got to brunch and ate, so just headaches are annoying.
They make me sad.
Headaches suck.
I agree.
Yeah.
Loki!
F-You to waiting.
Wait longer.
No!
He wants to get home right now and go hunting for some stuff.
Alright, uh, my F-You of the Week goes to the fact that, um, well look, here's the deal.
I'm never gonna pay to go to BlizzCon.
Like, let's be real, I'm not gonna pay to go play a couple of demos.
Like, what do they want?
About 150 bucks and sit on panels that I can read live blogs on the internet for free.
However, F-You to the fact that I wasn't smart enough to take the time off anyway to drive
down to Anaheim and go to DizCon, which was today, and, uh, just go to the parties.
Like, seriously.
Like, slices pop, am I right?
We should've just gone to Disneyland Friday, Saturday, and then went to the BlizzCon parties
at night, right?
Yeah.
Totally.
We're so stupid!
Oops, I'm so mad that the frickin' outro's playing now.
Alright.
Let's move on with some more gaming news and then of course Twitter topics and the Skype
line coming very soon.
Uh, 3D Classics is this thing on the 3DS.
You know, they redid Excitebike and, like, Urban Champion for some weird reason and there's
been some other things in there as well, like Twinbee.
Uh, apparently the next game that will be out for 3D Classics, this is kind of a big
one.
Kid Icarus.
The old school classic, that's right.
This one is being, uh, done in 3D.
Now of course that just means, you know, some of the sprites will be on different layers
and eh, I don't think it'll be that big of a deal, but it's probably just being re-released
to kind of raise awareness because of course they do have the Kid Icarus game coming out
next year, so there you go.
Nintendo has also pledged that they will be increasing the amount of 3D Classics that
we see.
Why not?
It's super easy to program these, I'm sure, and it's a way to get you to buy virtual console
games all over again.
It's like, do I really need to be reminded how bloody hard that game was?
But seriously, that game is so fucking good.
Like I know some people say you remember it through rose-colored glasses and it's not
that good, but like, the music is amazing.
The dungeon levels are hard as hell and they're fun.
Like, I'm just worried that- I had to use the codes out in Nintendo Power
Magazine to get any progress in that game.
Icarus fights Medusa Angels, or whatever it is.
Medusa fights Icarus Angels, you get the reverse.
My whole thing is that I'm really worried that if I were to purchase this, that the
first time I get fucked over by an eggplant wizard, I'm gonna throw my 3DS against the
wall like I used to throw my Nintendo controllers.
Because those eggplant wizards are fucking bastards.
And that music that plays when they get mad and they're like, you trolled me, yeah!
Oh my god.
Did you play a lot of Kid Icarus when you were younger?
Oh yeah.
Flash's Pop?
Yeah.
Oh god, it's one of my favorites.
That's what I played.
I completely missed the original Metroid train for the NES and I was playing Kid Icarus instead.
Wait, here you go.
Let's see if this music makes you think of the eggplant wizards.
Oh god.
You ready?
I'm ready.
That little sound they made, right?
Yeah, when they saw you, they were very animated and upset and they squeaked at you.
And the little babies flew out.
And then you had to go see that nurse who kind of looked like a trapezoid.
Like what was up with that?
Nurse trapezoid.
I need the eggplant curse removed.
Alright, anyhow, Flash's Pop, what do you have for us?
Soulcalibur V is getting a crossover franchise tie-in that makes sense and it's not Star
Wars with Vader and Yoda and it's so good.
I gotta say, Starkiller was awesome though in the game.
Yeah, well, he's a nice looking gentleman.
He's based off a real person, isn't he?
Sam Witwer, the actor, yeah, is Starkiller.
But anyway.
How often are you thinking about this guy?
Tapping my fingers on the desk.
Enzo from Assassin's Creed, the last few Assassin's Creed games, is in Soulcalibur V and it looks
super badass and he fits in stylistically with everyone.
It was one of those things when they announced that, I was like, oh, I didn't think of that.
But it makes sense.
It's better than Kratos in Mortal Kombat and even that was reasonable.
So yeah, Enzo is in Soulcalibur V, it's confirmed, I believe there are screenshots.
And there's another little promotional tidbit that they've released for us.
There is a special pre-order bonus character named Dump here and he is very wacky and silly.
He's kind of a vaudeville circus MC with a hat and sort of like a villainous, the curly
mustache that ties the damsel in distress on the railroad tracks.
And he's got striped pants and he's very nutty.
And you should watch the gameplay trailer of him doing his moves and it's like, this
guy is nuts.
But you get to make your own characters again, right?
I believe so.
Because I remember, was it Soulcalibur III or IV?
I think it was you, Loki.
It must have been III because it must have been back when we were living together when
Soulcalibur III came out and you made that character named Benedict that looked like
the poet.
Well, that wasn't you.
I thought that was.
Was that X-Defer?
It must have been X-Defer then.
Why did I think it was you, Loki?
I get you and X-Defer confused.
I don't know how that's even possible.
Good times.
And he kind of reminds me of a silly character from Street Fighter IV who I hate, the big
giant large guy with Rufus Rufus with the balloon belly.
He's the American character.
Like this is just Capcom being silly.
This guy to me is that but done in a way that isn't totally stupid.
Rufus has fans though.
Rufus is going to be in the Street Fighter X Tekken game.
Well that makes sense, I think, but yeah, so Enzo, awesome, and this weird wacky circus
vaudeville guy, Dampier, if you pre-order the game.
And that, when is, I think I had a release date here for when that game was coming out.
Next year.
Yeah, next year.
January 31st.
Don't want to say.
Near the beginning of the year.
So Soul Calibur fans rejoice.
We'll be buying that, just so you know.
Yeah.
I played the hell out of IV.
Soul Calibur is like my favorite fighting game franchise, so that's going to be awesome.
I can't wait.
In fact, we should start playing Soul Calibur IV again in anticipation.
I have it on 360.
Good times.
I never did buy Vader though.
For modded consoles, they have a topless version available.
Of course.
Of course.
Yeah, I have-
Ivy's like two pixels away from being topless.
I have Yoda and Vader on my 360 account, so.
Nice.
Through me, you have it.
Woohoo.
Alright, couple more stories for you guys, then we'll get to the Twitters.
Loki.
So there's a lot of high concept stuff that Microsoft's doing, especially since, you know,
they just, you know, had the Sesame Street Once Upon a Monster game come out on Xbox
360 for Kinect just last week, and so now they're kind of showing, you know, what they
could possibly do for, you know, new things.
So next year, they're talking already, there's going to be a game called Pixar's Rush, and
what this will allow you to do is, you know, actually go into the games as, you know, some
of your favorite Pixar characters.
They're going to have, you know, five different worlds, including The Incredibles, Ratatouille,
Up, Toy Story, and Cars.
And then, of course, going with that, they're going to also do Kinect Sesame Street TV,
which is kind of neat.
What it is, is it's going to be something that you watch actual TV shows, or like, almost
like episodes, and you can interact with them using Kinect.
So like, they showed one that showed kind of an almost live-action feed of, you know,
Grover, whatever, trying to...
Can I choke Elmo?
I don't know about that.
Trying to, like, catch stuff that you throw at him and stuff.
And then they also had another kind of, going along with this new Family Vision video that
they put out, showing a Kinect National Geographic TV.
And with that, you can know, they have, like, people going, okay, you know, who can spot,
you know, whatever.
So you're like, you know, kind of have like a punch card almost that you're, okay, I see
a moose.
And, you know, whoever shouts it out first, you know, gets a point and that kind of stuff.
Or you can ask about more information on certain things.
It's like interactive TV almost.
That's kind of neat.
If it works.
See, now that's going to be something if...
That makes the Kinect very useful, actually.
That to me seems like something that would be more useful for, like, their TV service.
Especially since I would hope that something like that would be kind of free, since PBS
is free, for the most part.
So that'd be kind of cool if they had, you know, Sesame Street and stuff.
You could download episodes.
Why can't they do this with adult shows?
Like can I vote for American Idol through my Kinect?
That'd be kind of cool.
You know, or yell, fuck this guy, and it'll, like, be a negative vote or something.
Maybe.
Going to our chat room, the chat is a little bit behind because of the live delay.
They're commenting on the Soul Calibur story a little bit here.
Hitstun wanted to throw out there that Dom Pierre debuted in Soul Calibur IV PSP.
I guess sometimes the Soul Calibur series kind of does these previews.
Hitstun says, just like Amy's moveset debuted in Soul Calibur III Arcade Edition before
showing up in Soul Calibur IV.
So sometimes you get a little sneak peek.
I did not, I didn't play the Soul Calibur PSP.
I don't know, I don't know why.
I just didn't think it would transfer very well.
It's like an action RPG, I think, right, where it's fighting matches but also a story mode.
I think it's a lot more fighting.
And I believe, if I'm not mistaken, Kratos was on that.
So yeah, funny enough, Kratos is in everything!
All right, what'll he be in next, Angry Birds?
All right, last but not least tonight before we get to the Skype line is a story about
toilet gaming.
Yes, we've heard about this before, but no seriously, it's like going on to the next
level now.
Sega Toys is making these toilets where you can actually game with pee.
There's all sorts of mini games like erasing graffiti with a hose.
You can guess what the hose is.
You can use wind to blow under a woman's skirt.
Somehow your pee is wind.
I don't know.
And do I even want to read this?
A bukkake battle where you shoot milk from your nose.
No!
Yes, in fact, you can actually see some pictures here at mycom.co.jp.
You can actually see pictures of the little urinals here with the little TV monitors in
them.
See, look at that.
See, that creeps me out though.
Doesn't that look like a little webcam at the top?
Like who knows what images are being transmitted to Sega headquarters on that thing?
Like you sick pervos.
And for this screenshot here with the little angry cloud of wind that's trying to blow
up the girl's dress so that we can see her underwear, I'm just thinking of some dude
totally dunking his ass over this thing and letting him want to rip and then sharding.
And it's like, dear Sega, your game made me shit my pants and I'm very upset that the
little fart cloud panty game made me do this.
Sorry.
Got problems.
Do you have to insert a quarter to make this work or is it just like, are we going back
to pay toilets or what's the deal?
Oh, you got to enter.
Insert something stop.
Just think of, you know, people drunk.
They can't aim.
You work in an arcade.
You're like, I, I'm not cleaning this up.
Hilarious thing to have at a bar, but let's, let's just, let's just all form a prayer circle
right now and hope that this never shows up in the U S let's just bow our heads.
All right, we're going to open up the Skype line.
It's about time one eight seven seven game O L R or our username on Skype is orange lounge
radio.
We will take your calls about anything you want to talk about tonight, whether it be
a story that we've talked about or something that maybe we didn't get to.
Maybe you want to talk about how you've had yourself barricaded in your room all week
playing Arkham city.
I'd love to hear about it cause sadly none of us did that.
So there you go.
One eight seven seven game O L R or our username on Skype is orange lounge radio.
It is a toll free number in the U S and Canada, but I can't speak for other countries.
I would suggest if you're in another country, you get Skype for free orange lounge radio,
all one word on Skype.
Meanwhile while we wait for calls, we're going to go to the Twitters, uh, dark to see a tweets
us.
If the DDR freak thing doesn't wind up happening, we should totally organize a tournament of
some sort for our 10th next year.
That's kind of what I want to do anyway.
In fact, I've, I've kind of put dark soccer in charge of putting the 10th thing together,
um, because she knows people that do stuff at places that we want to be involved with.
And I can't say much more than that, but we are trying to make the 10th a big deal, but
I want to warn you guys, it may not be on the exact anniversary of the show, but we're
trying to get close.
So for those that are trying to be prepared, shut up.
We can celebrate a little early if we want.
In the meantime, we're going to go to the calls and Skypline, all that stuff higher
on orange launch radio.
Who's this?
It's death wishings.
Hey, haven't heard from you in a while.
What's up?
Nothing much.
I'm surprised you didn't make it to Dave gruel con.
I'm not going to pay 130 bucks to play demos of betas.
I'm going to sell my soul to blizzard.
You can see all those cool pandas.
I can see all that cool shit on DirecTV and I've got this thing called the internet is
panda continent, panda class, panda games, and Pokemon.
So actually I want to talk to Loki about, uh, grant the photo mods.
All right.
That'll cost a dollar.
Interesting.
Mod is, have you heard?
Look, have you heard of that ice?
It's, I think it's like icy enhancer.
Yeah.
And it's, uh, the, uh, Ian, it's EMB stuff.
It like, it does like a crazy texture, like mods and all that.
It makes the game look just like ungodly beautiful.
Yeah.
A lot of, a lot of the EMB stuff, uh, looks pretty good.
And I mean, do you use it?
Like, can you run it?
Cause my, my, me, my friend, we're trying to, we're worried that he wants to install it,
but he's afraid that he can't run it.
And I'm, cause he doesn't have a core i7.
He, I think he only has like a i3.
I haven't tried to run it and really don't feel like trying to run it either because
you can break your toaster.
Well, because you know, on my laptop, um, you know, it runs all right.
I have everything turned up pretty high, but, um, I just don't really care for it to look
any better than it already does cause really I just use this laptop for working on map
mods and stuff like that.
And, you know, just trying to put stuff together that way.
You know, I, I was working on something today and the frame rate's crawling because I have
so many objects spawning, I have to work on, you know, trimming stuff down.
So yeah, I don't really need any more graphical enhancements added onto it.
Hmm.
Oh, anyways, back to Sky.
So what, honestly, since you played WoW, I believe you played a lot of WoW, right?
I have played a lot of WoW, yes.
What is, honestly, what is your whole opinion on this expansion?
Um, I, I'm whatever about the panda thing.
I think it's a little silly that they're bi-factional, but you know, I, I think it'll be good in
the long run.
I love the art style.
Like even though I'm meh on the pandas, I would have been like 100% totally okay with
this at the panda, panda, and been NPCs.
Like I kind of think they should have stayed.
I would have rather seen the Tuskar be playable.
Well, of course I just want a Tuskar named Diabetus, but the Tuskar or the Tonka, what
are those, what are the Torrin like people called?
The Bison.
They're Tonka.
Yeah.
They could have been a great playable class.
The Naga, everybody thinks is inevitable at some point.
It just seems like there's a lot of other stuff they could have chose from, but fine.
They went cute.
I mean, I understand, I guess pandas allegedly are a part of a lore, my friend said, but
they're always joke lore, but it's like, honestly, I mean, every update I've seen,
you know, and wow, like that, it's so funny.
The ones that have added like big segments were, this is part of the segment and then
there's all this shit to do.
And then it was like cataclysm, oh, it changes map, but there's all this shit to do.
And then this one's just like fucking pandas everywhere.
Look at us.
We're so cool.
Weaboo now.
Well, look, here's the thing though.
At the end of the day, like I probably will not be rolling a panda monk.
I will have to roll a gnome monk, cause that's going to be awesome.
Cause gnomes are hilarious.
Oh, you can be a gnome monk?
I thought it was only pandas could be monks.
No, anybody can be not monks, except funny enough, Worgen and Goblin, who were the additions
in the last expansion.
Every other race in the game can be, I'm just waiting to see a bunch of pandas with a variation
of the name, Jack Black.
Yeah, I know.
Right.
Reserve the names.
Now, Slace's Pop told a funny joke on Horde House about, what was it you said about female
pandarins?
Their slash dance emote is they're just going to sit in a chair and move their hand around
like Adele and rolling in the deep.
They're just going to sit in a chair.
I was trying to get, I was trying to get a panda named Adele, but the name was already
taken.
Like somebody beat us to it.
So, uh, but, uh, here's the thing, Death Wishing.
And I kind of said this at the top of the show, but I'm more excited about the fact
that they're giving players at level 90, so much more to do than just dungeon rating and
PVP, which is already a lot as it is, but now,
They're giving us Pokemon.
Pokemon.
Believe it or not.
It's a thing.
People will be into it.
Uh, challenge dungeons.
Sounds like I'm really excited.
I think they're just scared because of the older public.
Of course they are.
Of course they are.
They're just business.
I stopped playing Eve Online just because of that.
I'm going to be playing that.
Here's the thing, you know, and I have no doubt that the game will be good.
However, we have gone through this.
How many times?
Age of Conan was going to be the killer.
Then EverQuest II and then War Hammer.
You don't understand man, it's Star Wars.
I know.
I know.
It's going to be all the people, I'm telling you, all the people from Star Wars Galaxies
will play it because of the remorse of Star Wars Galaxies shutting down.
They may not like it, but they'll just cry themselves while playing it.
I miss you.
That's all I can say.
I, I, I, obviously Blizzard is going to lose some people to Star Wars.
That's why they've come up with this whole annual pass thing to lock you in anyway.
I mean that's no, no.
I mean, I heard that buying a year pass now you can get Diablo 3 for free, that's from
what I heard.
And that's just kind of solidifying that they, Activision Blizzard has too much money.
Well we'll give you the game that we know we're going to make shitloads of money on
for free.
Not really.
Because we have too much money.
I know, they're going to make money on Diablo anyway, and like I said earlier, if you're
contracted for a year of wow, you pretty much are guaranteed to get Mists of Pandaria, which
they're not giving you for free, so.
Mists of Pandaria.
Yep.
Alright, any other BlizzCon or what have you thoughts before we let you go, buddy?
Did anything cool happen with the whole Foo Fighters thing?
Any reports on that, or was it just Foo Fighters?
Dave Roll played the guitar in the audience, that's what I heard.
So like, you might have got to touch him.
Oh okay, so I already seen that live.
Oh okay, cool.
Alright, cool story bro.
Alright.
Alright.
Take care, buddy.
Later.
Bye.
I still want the WoW expansion, Mists of Panera Bread, so I can play a, get a turkey feta
panini with side salad.
Kaijuto in chat says, back off Adele, she's hot.
Hey, I never said she wasn't hot, like you know, everybody's into whatever, but I'm just,
I'm sorry, it's just, the joke was too good, you had to, I had to be there.
Alright, let's see, moving on with some more tweets.
MNZeba tweets us saying, Loki, is this what you do when you play Grand Theft Auto?
Usually I don't click on YouTubes that I don't know what they are, but I'm going to take
a chance on this one.
Let's see.
No, but I feel like that's pretty funny.
It's like, what, throwing cars at people?
No, it's not throwing cars, the cars just never exist, so they fly around.
That's funny.
It looks like Nightmeto's just throwing cars around.
It is very hard to play that, I once contemplated doing that as part of the mod, but I was quickly
vetoed on that, because, so like, uh, yeah.
So you're trying to do the campaign stuff, or is this for Deathmatch, or are you trying
to run around?
I gotta take this call, it's a very appropriate time.
Hi, you're on Warner Brothers Radio, who's this?
Hi, this is Zeba.
Zeba, we're watching this video, I am cracking the hell up at this Grand Theft Auto stuff,
this is great.
Yeah, I found that on my Twitter, I was like, oh god, I just thought of Loki just right
when I watched it.
And I love that they used the Benny Hill theme, A+, thumbs up.
Thanks.
So what's on your mind tonight, Zeba?
I just want to let you know, you jinxed my iPhone.
Oh shit, what did I do?
A couple days later, that you announced that your iPhone's power button went, um, mine
went.
Oh no, I'm sorry, is it the sleep button, or is it the...
Yes, the sleep button, the sleep power button, whatever you want to call it, on the top.
They're faulty, I want a refund, I'm suing Apple, I'm suing Steve Jobs, wait, can't do
that, I'm suing Tim Cook, I'm suing everybody.
Well, thank god that my iPhone is not a year old yet, so I still had warranty, so they
were able to give me a whole new phone.
Nice!
You know what's funny?
My very first iPhone 4, the little ringer button, the little thing on the side next
to the volume that turns the ringer on and off, that was broken.
But that was like day one, a break, so they gave me a new phone for free, but it was still,
I had to re-sync everything, blah blah blah blah.
I'm gonna get a new phone, but probably in January, and I've got to decide between now
and then if I'm just gonna say, you know what, forget the iPhone, I'm done with it, and go
to the iPad, or if I'm gonna get suckered in and buy the iPhone 4S anyway, of which
everybody's just raving about Siri, oh, I love Siri, I love Siri, so.
How are you liking your iPhone, though, otherwise, do you do any gaming on it?
I have some games, I have like Secret of Mana, and Final Fantasy Tactics, and Katamari Damacy,
and you know, Infinity Blade.
Do you think, is it just me, or do a lot of them play like poop?
Yeah, especially Secret of Mana is really hard to move around.
Yeah, it's unfortunate.
They made it a little better, but it still is pretty hard.
I will say, though, the Final Fantasy 3 remake, it's probably still like 15 bucks, which is
like 15 times as much, what most games cost, but it's actually done really well, and it's
easy to control, so I gotta say, the Final Fantasy 3 remake from the DS is really good
on iPhone, or iPad, whatever it is, you're gonna game on out there in the audience, so.
I did have the DS version, so I'm not really into, you know, getting it on my phone.
Yeah, you don't need to buy the same thing twice, that's true.
No.
So what else have you been playing, any console or PC games?
I did get a new DS game, I can't really pronounce the name, it's like Sola do Robo, the Red
Hunter.
Okay.
What's this game about?
All the furries are getting it, but that's not why I got it.
But it's, I just kind of just started playing it, so I really don't know too much about
the story, but you are this fox, and you're just trying to save the world, but I really
don't know too much about the story, like I said, I have to keep going at it, but I
like it so far.
Nice.
And why are the furries into it?
Because it's all, you know, anthropomorphic characters in it.
That sounds like fun.
Slice just popped, did I see your eyes just perk up a little bit?
Yes.
Oh god, please don't go there.
Alright.
Ziba, I hope you enjoy the game, and enjoy your phone now that it works again, and I'm
sorry to curse you, but I'm really happy.
I'm really just joking.
I know, I know, but I'm glad you at least got a replacement for free.
To be fair, I still need to take mine to the store and see if there's anything they can
do with it, but I just, I don't have my hopes up because I didn't buy AppleCare, so.
Alright, well Ziba, I'm going to let you go, okay?
Okay, thank you.
Alright, take care, thanks for calling in, and thanks again for the video.
No problem.
Later.
1877 Game OLR, or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Going to some other tweets, Zither77 tweets us saying, you guys may want to see this,
it's probably going to be the pinball video game to end all pinball video games, and gives
this cheap plug for pinball arcade, which I guess is for the phones and so forth.
Is this like something you're working on or something?
I don't know.
Oh shit, it has Arabian Nights, I'm there.
Fucking love the Arabian Nights table.
Isn't this just...
Oh, it looks like they have an arrangement with various pinball table folks.
There's Black Hole, because it's got Ballystern.
Oh my god, Theater of Magic, I'm so in, this is like the best table ever.
You remember this, did you ever play that?
Yeah.
Alright, I don't know if you work for the developer or what, but good job, I'm sold.
Let's see, Ericcarr18 on Twitter tweets us saying, hey guys, what if someone made a Red
Dead Redemption-esque game for the Kinect?
I think that might be cool.
Would you play Red Dead Redemption on Kinect?
No.
I think Red Dead Redemption on Kinect would not be as good as just Red Dead Redemption.
Like, I don't know, I don't think people should feel forced to pigeonhole an existing game
into the Kinect.
Like, that Fable game really has me worried.
What are you talking about, it has you worried?
It's gonna suck, like all the other ones have sucked.
I know.
Because Peter Molyneux is full of crap.
But he's new and cutting edge.
No, he's not new and cutting edge, he's stupid.
Hey, ah!
What's up in here?
Hey, Zaku.
Welcome to the show.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Oh, nothing much, just trying to like absorb all the gaming news that's, you know, or lack
thereof maybe.
It was just happening this weekend.
Well, if you're not into Blizzard, it has been kind of a dry week.
You know, Blizzcon happened, and you know, aside from like, Starcraft, the new expansion
pack, not really like phased in, but I am hyped for Battlefield 3, which is like this
Tuesday, even though I don't have my new computer ready.
Oh, I didn't realize it was that soon.
It's this Tuesday, huh?
Yeah.
Now, you've been talking, you've talked.
I just, like, because of work and everything, I didn't have the time to like start speccing
on a new computer, so I'm gonna have to play catch up.
You've called in to talk about this game before, are you excited about this?
Are you buying it?
Yes, I mean, I've seen footage of the beta so far, and it's like, it's a lot better than,
it's pretty much a lot better than Bad Company 2 at the very least.
More importantly, it does step it up as being the most realistic first person shooter this
year.
Did you decide to go PC, Xbox?
PC.
Okay.
Why do you think I just said that I'm trying to specc out a new PC for you?
Oh, derp.
Okay.
So I don't listen very well, my bad.
But it's just like, I mean, I've already made my decision between that and Modern Warfare
3.
I mean, at this point, it's like, even with Modern Warfare 3, even the fact they have
dedicated servers, they're only for unranked.
So it's like, if I wanted to level up in that game, I would have to put up with the peer
to peer crap, which is like not good on the PC.
It's a horrible experience.
It's only meant for consoles.
I think the way I see it is like Activision giving us like half, it's like going halfway
instead of actually like, you know, doing what they did before, like with the first
Modern Warfare.
What about if you can set up these controlled, super easy environments where somebody could
just have a server that's for nothing but ranking up quickly and it would kind of ruin
things?
Like I can kind of see that side of it.
Well, that's the thing.
I mean, I played Modern Warfare on PC with the servers and I was able to rank up easily.
Then again, I have like skill with the keyboard and mouse, but the point is that it didn't
really impact cheating as much.
Because either way, once they spotted you as a cheater, you automatically get kicked
and banned from that server.
You know, Punkbuster works pretty well.
It's a pretty good hammer.
Yeah, but it's leveling up quickly cheating?
Well, cheating in the sense of like when they find people hacking or cheating in that particular
server, you know, the admins boot them really fast.
But I could see why Activision is trying to like release their half-baked solution for
the lack of any servers in Modern Warfare 2.
They still want to push Elite, that whole Elite thing.
And the fact that I guess having a dedicated server ranked, they believe that they will
probably game the system that way.
You know, you have folks that find exploits that aren't really patched or more importantly
you set up a server just for like the sake of ranking really fast.
I know Team Fortress 2 had this issue back in the day where it's just like people just
idling in order to get like unlocks.
But yeah, I could see why they did that.
I mean, Battlefield 3 has dedicated servers, but it's like, I know they're, it's almost
like Bad Company 2 where everything's going to be like from their third-party providers.
But it's still a good solution though.
Well, I mean, at the end of the day, you're going to buy both games no matter what, right?
I'm probably going to just stick with Battlefield 3.
I've already made my decision.
I'm not going to touch Modern Warfare 3 unless I can pick it up for dirt cheap.
Otherwise I'm just going to stick with Battlefield 3.
I know it's not on Steam and I'm going to, you know, I'm going to have to bite the bullet
and give Origin a shot.
Well, props to you sticking by your guns and voting with your dollars.
You know, that's what we always say.
Exactly.
If you feel strongly enough, vote with your dollars.
All right, Zach.
We're going to let you go so we can wrap up the show, but have fun and hopefully see you
in next week's show.
You're not too busy playing Battlefield.
Well, that's the thing.
If I can get a computer in like a week, which I doubt, it's going to take a few more weeks
for me to spec out everything.
All right, then we know when you disappear what happened.
Exactly.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
All right.
Bye.
All right.
That's going to do it for Skype calls tonight.
For those who didn't get through, sorry, but try writing us an email, Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
I want to quickly wrap up the rest of these tweets, though, real quick.
Osfer tweets us saying a couple things.
First, I'm watching people play the new Spyro.
It doesn't look nearly as bad as Loki describes.
Loki, it's just you're too harsh on him.
It's all about, not necessarily the gameplay, but the message behind it.
It sets precedent.
And Osfer also asks, random question for the staff.
Who is your favorite Pokemon?
Mine is Mewtwo.
I have an answer for this.
Does anyone else on staff have a way to answer for this?
SalaciousPop?
You watch or play Pokemon?
Bidoof.
What's Bidoof?
I've never heard of Bidoof, or did you make that up?
No, I need to Google it, but he's the little squirrel that's stupid, and he's like the
worst Pokemon ever.
My favorite Pokemon by far is Jigglypuff, the one that gets really pissed off when she
sings and puts everyone to sleep, that she draws on their face with a marker.
Those are always my favorite episodes of the old show.
Loki, do you have a favorite Pokemon?
I don't know any of the Pokemon.
One of these days, I want to convince Loki to a bet.
I mean, obviously, we're never going to get him to dress up as the Tingle outfit, but
we have to think of other things that would be awesome.
And I think one of them would be that Loki would have to sing the Pokemon rap on air.
Aww, that's a cute little derpy mon.
I like that.
Is that the one you...
That's Bidoof.
Bidoof?
On YouTube, everyone should Google.
It was UPN's Cartoon Afternoons.
It was one of the bumpers they made between Batman, the animated series, and Pokemon.
And it's Batman Sings Jigglypuff, and if you find it, you should just pull it up right
now.
It's super awesome.
It's a bumper that UPN made.
Could it be this right here?
Jigglypuff, a balloon Pokemon.
Time for bed.
All right, but a deal's a deal.
No way.
You promised.
Jigglypuff, Jigglypuff.
All right, good night.
The whole thing.
Jigglypuff, Jigglypuff, Jigglypuff.
Pokemon, next on Kids WB.
WB, not UPN, my bad.
Ah, same thing now, it doesn't matter.
Good times.
I love Jigglypuff.
Some tweets from Tigerclaw305, since it's a couple tweets.
I thought you hit on this one earlier in the show, Loki.
Was it the Portal 2 DLC that will have an in-game map editor with it?
Yeah.
I thought you'd mention something about that.
Well, it does come with an in-game map editor as well, if you didn't already know.
And that's cool.
Because some of the best levels are gonna come from the users that make their own crazy
shit.
So I'm always happy to see level editors come to games.
It seems like it's a little late, but I guess if it extends the life of the game, then yay,
right?
Yeah.
This is another tweet about Mass Effect 3's demo will be out early for Battlefield 3 buyers
if you get it new.
Yet another spin on the Project $10, but at least this one isn't as bad.
I mean, an early demo, that's more of a reasonable kind of perk, right?
So there's gonna be a demo for Mass Effect 3 in January, and it was announced by BioWare.
More information will be on BioWare's forums.
But if you redeem the online pass for Battlefield 3, it will be available earlier to you.
Mass Effect 3, by the way, is supposed to have multiplayer support.
That was confirmed earlier this month.
And it's gonna have an online co-op mode that can affect the single-player game.
Interesting.
So yep, if you activate a Battlefield 3 online pass on any of the platforms, I guess the
EA account, your account will just be enabled with this access to get the demo.
So that's kinda cool on whatever system the code was redeemed on.
So...
Or actually, no, I take that back.
It doesn't have to be for the account that you bought it on.
It says that the access is applied to the EA account, so meaning if you buy Battlefield
3 on the PC, you can get the demo on the PlayStation 3, or whatever you wanna do.
So it's kind of tradeable amongst those.
That's kinda neat.
There will be other ways for the rest of us to get in there if you're not buying Battlefield
3, so don't cry.
Lastly but not leastly, a couple of tweets from Ramaditya Knight sends us some tweets.
Hey, OLR!
The Sonic 1 and 2 soundtrack to celebrate his 20th birthday has been released this month,
so if you're a Sonic fan, you should go get it.
I seem to remember a story on that coming up before, like when it was first announced,
but it's good to know that it's out.
And you might remember that name, Ramaditya Knight does a lot of these tin whistle or
the recorder.
He does a lot of these songs, and he sent us a new YouTube at his account, which is
Ramaditya Skywalker, and he's actually playing the Green Hill Zone theme.
Obviously he's using the background, but that might not be the best part, where he's playing
the same three notes over and over.
That's a little better.
Still irritating.
Hey, hey, hey, I don't see you playing a musical instrument, I don't think you should be making
fun.
I don't think you should be making fun.
I think you're talented, don't listen to Loki.
I played the clarinet when I was younger.
You sure did.
I sure did.
I probably couldn't play that on the clarinet anymore, I could probably play the squeak
song, that's probably about all I could play on the clarinet these days.
Band geek.
Shut up, what's wrong with being a band geek?
I tried to be a band geek, but I was too weak to carry my instrument and I was picked on.
That's because you tried to play the fucking tuba, and you were-
No, trombone.
Oh, my bad.
You were like this, weren't you like a really scrawny kid?
Oh, yeah.
And now you're like six foot four, like you just-
I'm still weak as hell, but I'm six foot four-ish, so there's at least a lot of me, yeah.
All right, and the chat room is asking for a link of Ramaditya Knight's performance there,
and stupid me forgot to link that, so let me do that right now for the chatters in the
chat room at chat.orangelaungeradio.com, there you go.
There it is, and Rama says in chat room, chat.orangelaungeradio.com, and now Skye plays the skin flute.
Yeah, screw you.
All right.
That's it, we're done.
We're wrapping up another episode of Orange Lawns Radio.
I gotta ask first if there's any last minute stories, Loki?
Yeah, there's just one.
It was basically, they announced that in Sonic Generations, you can unlock the original Sonic
the Hedgehog game.
Again?
Yeah, that's totally new news.
How many times did they release the first Sonic game for real?
Absolutely, brand new news, unless you listened to our show back in August, in which I actually
revealed that same thing.
So yeah, totally new.
Well, if you somehow missed out on your nine other opportunities to re-buy Sonic the Hedgehog,
the original, here you go.
Sonic Generations is a bet, and they have a couple dev ones now if you wanna check them
out.
All right.
Well, that's gonna wrap up another episode of Orange Lawns Radio.
We're gonna go around first and get everybody's final thought.
And my final thought tonight is skinny fries.
I am full of them.
We ate that whole bag.
I know, we're fat.
Actually, you know what though?
In that entire bag, there's only six grams of fat.
That's not that bad.
There's more grams of fat in a muffin.
All right.
So let's just pop.
What's your final thought tonight?
Thank you for being here, by the way, and filling in.
Always appreciate it.
You're welcome.
Always a pleasure.
Thank you.
Thank you for the food.
Because I'm hungry.
Are you getting a headache again?
Kind of.
My stomach's been kickin'.
Poor thing.
And low-key, last but not least, your final thought tonight.
Crackers need to get crackin'.
All right.
That's gonna do it for another episode of Orange Lawns Radio.
If you liked our show, you know all we ask you guys, tell a friend or two about the show.
We don't have advertising, big dollars, you know, we're not a huge operation.
Word of mouth is really what keeps our show alive.
Leave us a nice review on iTunes if you could.
We haven't gotten any of those in a long time.
It's been about a month or two.
So we really appreciate those.
Listen to Hoard House, if you like World of Warcraft or Blizzard stuff, HoardHouse.com.
And of course, this is the last time we can ask you to do this, so please, please write
yourself a reminder.
Ask Siri to remind you every day, vote in the podcast awards for Orange Lawns Radio.
Best gaming podcast.
Really appreciate a vote for our friends over at the Geek Spin and Pod Safe Music as well.
You know, help us win.
That'll go a long way in promoting.
We really, really appreciate every single vote.
Even if we don't win, we have really felt a lot of love from the community, which has
been great.
Like, you know, I've seen like other podcasters like retweeting and like supporting us, especially
the All Games family.
So I really, before we sign off tonight, want to give a heartfelt thank you to all the All
Games people who have really rallied behind us and in helping us to win.
And if, if, if, if, if we do win, it will be in large part thanks to that and all of
their efforts.
So really, really, really appreciate it.
So I guess that's going to do it.
We'll be back next week.
Dark Sakura will be back from Disneyland.
I'm sure to tell us all about her adventures on Space Mountain, maybe at Electronica or
whatever else she's been doing there.
And we'll talk about whatever else comes up in gaming with our bit of wit and sassy commentary.
Until then, be safe.
Don't be a dick.
We'll see you next week.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production, to join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com
Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right
anyway.
See you next week.
