This week, Rockstar draws on its years of experience with GTA Online and brings the
experience to the Wild West.
Gather your posse and get rootin', lootin' and shootin' without threat of the giant death
ray.
That's just one story on the home stretch of the year.
Join us for the rest of the night's gaming news, starting right now on the show, where
every gamer has their voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back.
It's another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio, live tonight, episode number 754 for this December the 2nd of 2018.
My name is Rob Roberts, joining you over the next few hours to talk about video games and
gaming culture, the gamer's lifestyle, all that good stuff, with my co-hosts.
Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki, how are you?
I'm fine.
Yeah, me too.
I'm fine too.
Did you have a good week?
Yeah.
Looking forward to any of the big retail releases coming up, like Smash is big, I know you have
a Switch now, are you gonna pick up Smash, or maybe Katamari re-roll?
Maybe.
Sega Genesis Collection's gonna be pretty cool for retro fans.
Maybe.
I don't know.
I have to...
I'm spending money on kids, so you know.
I just...
Well, that's how it goes sometimes.
They don't know, but I've already purchased four more Switch games for myself.
Oh!
What'd you...
Well, of course you'd say.
Of course.
What'd you get them?
So...
Where did Santa get them?
Yeah, so Santa got them, well, my youngest son, the Lego Incredibles, and Lego DC Villains,
which is pretty cool.
And then for my older son, and they made Switch between stuff too.
And you play those Lego games as much as they do.
Not on the Switch so much.
Actually, they've been playing more on the Switch, but anyways.
So Hello Neighbor and Bendy and the Ink Machine.
Oh, okay.
Hello Neighbor is that scary game, isn't it?
Yes, speaking of scary games, so my oldest son's now has been playing Ultimate Custom
Night, which is the Five Nights at Freddy's build your own Five Nights at Freddy's game
type thing.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So he's been playing that.
Well, that's fun.
Apparently in super easy mode.
Okay.
With no robots.
What's the point if you're playing with no robots in there?
It's like, cause I can beat it, like, okay.
It's safe.
Not very scary when it's done that way.
All right.
That's fine.
I respect that.
But my youngest son wants to play Hello Neighbor.
I think he won't like Bendy, but like I figured they've just, they're going to fight over
it.
They're going to fight over everything anyway.
It's going to be absolutely miserable because we only have one Switch and they're like,
I don't want to play this game.
I already have a headache thinking about it.
All right.
Not here tonight, Dark Sakura or JB Summers.
She's still on a work conflict for a little while, but she will join us later in the show
and she will be here in studio next week.
So let's jump right into some gaming news.
Well, let me do say if you are listening live, of course, over the voice geeks network of
vognetwork.com because that's where we tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific,
nine o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby Block will show.
You can always join our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com where Dungeon Buster does
say nice picks.
Bendy's on my game wishlist on Steam.
The demo was fun.
For kids and adults alike as a lot of great video games often are.
Yeah.
And they, the other one I wanted to get was the Lego Harry Potter collection because they've
just started watching Harry Potter.
Oh, okay.
So we were up to the, we just finished the third movie.
Okay.
So they're about as far as I am.
So, but they're like super into it now.
And so they would want to play that, but they didn't have that at GameStop.
So you know.
All right.
Fair enough.
Anyhow, Dark Sakura will be back with us next week, at least for a week.
She's still going to be on and off in the show through February.
Sadly, there's just nothing we can do about work.
Work is most important, but Loki and I still holding down the fort here with all you guys
in our live chat room soon to be over on Twitch TV in a couple of weeks.
So if you aren't following VOG Network, all one word over at Twitch, that's going to be
the new home for our live nights.
Again, podcast stuff, uh, still going to pretty much work how it always has.
It's just, instead of this whole shoutcast, Winamp, what's the link to the stream?
I think most people are very familiar with, oh, let me just pull out my phone and go to
that Twitch channel.
That's actually going to be a little easier, I think for most people.
So more details on that, uh, as we get closer and closer to the go live date, which is right
now targeted as December 16th.
Um, but it may go one way or the other, depending on how some of these computer issues work
out.
We shall see.
Uh, anyhow, let's get into tonight's kickoff topic because we got video game news going
on.
So let's talk about, even though you would think it's starting to slow down because the
holidays and maybe to an extent that's true.
And I say the holidays, cause really this, this whole period between Thanksgiving and
and Christmas and, and new years is the holidays because to be fair, Hanukkah started tonight.
So happy Hanukkah to all those that observe it for sure.
Um, but we're in that period called the holidays.
So usually not a lot of big gaming, uh, happening now, but we are still shy.
A few big gaming releases, right?
By the time I think about this, by the time you guys, you know, hear this, or by the time
we're doing our next episode, let's say the next episode we do super smash brothers old
ultimate will be a thing.
It will be out in the world as will Katamari and, and, uh, the Genesis collections of these
other games, you know, that are kind of at the tail end of the year here, uh, and hopefully
going to end up under some, you know, menorahs and some Christmas trees, uh, for, uh, folks
that sell.
Yeah.
And that's why I didn't get them smashed.
Cause we'll probably just get smashed anyways.
Yeah.
And besides like I was, I was at, like I said, I was at GameStop and only because I agreed
to go get ice cream for the family because they were watching the movie.
And so I just went over there.
I was like, well, I need to get some Christmas shopping done anyway.
I love the, had to justify why you were at GameStop.
It's fine.
It's fine.
I was just trying to explain why it's ridiculous.
Cause it games out there like, well, you know, we're not even going to have enough copies
of smash.
You know, people aren't going to be able to get one.
I'm like, or you could just buy it digitally and they're just an infinite amount of copies.
Yeah.
GameStop may need to change some of their, uh, yeah.
You know, I was at, not to derail a bit here because we do have a big thing we want to
get into, but I was at target just randomly, um, looking at stuff.
You know, we, we, we needed like paper towels or something.
So of course it turned into like a hundred dollar shopping trip.
Well, part of it is because I added one more mini machine to my collection.
So I now have a Galaga machine in my collection.
These are the mini little mini ones that are like 35 bucks to my arcade.
Uh, so I have that some of it from that collection.
I have Walmart's kind of $20 equivalent.
There are things you should get the $300 ones.
The ones that are like yay high or whatever.
Well, I told Santa AKA the guy I'm married to that, uh, I wanted that cause they have
like an $80 one.
That's a little bigger that has like bad dudes and stuff.
$300 might be a bit much when he's unemployed by now, but 80 eighties in the right range.
So I said I wanted that one.
That's a little bigger.
It's going to have to go like on the side or something.
If we get that one or, you know, you can just plug that in and I know and have all the games
that has bad dudes on it.
It doesn't.
I know.
I know.
Anyway, he's pointing at the, uh, the good old, uh, tabletop main machine that used to
be at his work many years ago.
If you're listening to show about three years ago or so, maybe God, maybe longer about 14.
Oh geez.
Okay.
So about four years ago, uh, that was, uh, when he brought that over here, it still has
the name of his company on the marquee, which is funny.
Yes.
All right.
Anyway, I promise gave me news.
So we still have a lot going on, especially around one recent release.
Right?
Low key.
A lot of news surrounding.
Yeah.
76.
I've watched my fair share of reviews on this.
I haven't picked it up because I just, I'm not re I wasn't too keen on it to begin with
because it was, you know, online with other people and stuff like that.
Maybe that's not such a big deal now, but it's just, it seems like it's a mess.
And so what kind of started things off, you know, people were kind of getting pissed off
the games just buggy and broken as shit and that there's just nothing that's really being
done to fix any of it.
So finally they came out, they made this big post on Reddit, uh, talking about like, we're
going to do some better communication in the future and here's what the fall of 76 team's
working on.
Um, so some of the improvements they're going to make a priority in the December 4th patch
is they're increasing the stash sizes.
So it's going to go up from 400 to 600 pounds.
And for those who don't play the game, the stash is basically you're kind of walking
chest that moves with you to any locations that you take over.
So you can, um, basically just be able to put more loot in there, um, improving loot
drops for tough bosses because apparently the drops haven't been very good or they may
not spawn very well, uh, enough things.
So they're going to improve that as well.
Um, they're saying that apparently people who have suffered glitches that caused them
to be remained or trapped inside their power armor will be able to come out of their power
armor because apparently that's a thing.
Um, and also they're saying that they're going to cut down on the excessive backtracking
in the game.
Um, cause apparently there was an issue where is forcing players that were over encumbered
to spawn back at vault 76 so you have to walk way back to where, Oh yikes, where your place
was.
And then, um, December 11th, they're adding push to talk on PC because why the hell that
wasn't there?
I don't know.
Oh boy.
This apparently being their first online game that they ever done and yet for some reason
they also had help from all these other teams including a team that has this massive game
called, you know, the elder scrolls online that you would think that they would have
like, so you'd be like, ah, you know, you probably should put that in there.
I know.
I was going to say it's, it's actually not the first online game they've ever done.
Cause technically Bethesda proper it is cause Bethesda online is another.
Okay.
All right.
Fair.
And all right, fine.
You got me out of technicality.
You're fine.
Cause I was even just thinking, uh, throughout all this news I was like, boy, like I, I,
you know, I'm not really a big fallout person.
I've never gotten into that series as much.
I've tried them.
I've played a little fallout three, a little fallout four, but I just, I don't get into
that series as much as maybe an elder scrolls game, uh, is something that I would get into
a little more.
And I was just thinking, I was like, gosh, I mean, if this was an elder scrolls online
game, I'd be really here too.
And I was like, wait a minute.
There was an elder scrolls online game.
I just didn't really get into that one either, but I don't remember that being, I mean, I
just might be seeing it through like rose tinted glasses or whatever.
I don't remember that game being that messy, but then again, I seem to remember when they
first brought out Tam, cause I didn't want to pay the monthly fee.
So I didn't get on it until it was Tamriel unlimited or whatever.
Yeah.
And when that first came out, like I think what was happening is like, things weren't
loading on my PlayStation four and I was like, why don't I see any of the things I'm supposed
to be doing?
And I think it was like those types of bugs.
So it's like, I just kind of broke it, not enough, like elder scrolls, Skyrim for me.
So I didn't want to play it, but I love, I would love a multiplayer Skyrim.
It's just, I'm not sure if they're going to be the ones to make that.
I think I'm ready for Bethesda to move on to elder scrolls six and see, see what happens
next.
So we'll see.
Okay.
So like one of the, like, but everything that's happening here does not make me feel great.
No, no, no, seriously, you know, prior to them, um, you know, releasing this statement
on Reddit, I mean, there was like people discovering, you know, stuff that's recycled from older
games.
Like, I mean, this is something they've been doing, like, you know, Skyrim, there's references
to like fallout three and this one there's references to follow for like checking to
make sure the fallout four disc is in the drive or some weird shit.
I don't know.
There's like a lot of recycled.
Well, I actually don't think that's as big of a crime as you might think because it's
common for games to get built on engine.
Right?
I mean, like, come on, if you were to play like a Madden game, you're going to see some
of the ghost stuff from fallout four, I think are being actually repurposed in this game
as well.
It's just, it looks like fallout four, um, except crap.
So, and then on top of that, there was some other stuff with camps where they're basically
allowing you to bulldoze the area so you can remove like rubble and stuff that's nearby
so that you can build a camp better.
And then also a way to relocate your camp to another server if there is somebody in
your camp space, because apparently like when you go offline, your camp is gone or whatever
it gets deleted.
If someone builds there, I don't know how it works, but it's stupid.
Um, so anyways, so they did all that and you know, the game was a buggy mess and people
were not very happy about that at the beginning, but at least there seemed to be like saying,
okay, well we're going to do something about that maybe.
Maybe they should have waited a few more months before releasing it, but unfortunately this
is Bethesda's now like, it's like the running gag in the industry is, you know, Oh, Bethesda's
games are never done when they release.
They're always buggy.
Like I, it just kind of blows my mind that anybody would preorder a Bethesda game at
this point.
But see that that's the point like buggy, yes, like Skyrim, buggy as fuck, still buggy
as fuck.
And, but there's an intriguing storyline.
The gameplay is good.
That's what you have.
Fallout 76 didn't have the great storyline, didn't have the intriguing gameplay.
And so now people are like, okay, well now these bugs are deal breaker.
I guess.
Okay.
I guess I can see that a little bit because red dead redemption is also buggy edition
too, but like it seems to be forgivable because a, the bugs are hilarious.
Like when the women, women gets hit by the horse that I saw in some video or like I was,
it was like one of my friends shared on Facebook today.
They were, they were walking through a mountainous area of train.
All of a sudden this horse just comes tumbling down the hill in the mountain.
So it was like kind of funny, but it isn't like game ruining.
But I get what you're saying.
Like, you know, red dead also has tons and tons and tons of story and all this other
stuff.
It's detailed.
Skyrim's the same way.
Fallout 76 because the whole MO story really, I mean, because it's, to be fair, it's not
really supposed to be.
It's supposed to be online.
You're, you and your friends build the world.
It's like MMOs have stories, but unfortunately to some of those stories are getting really
ugly.
I don't know if you read about that Twitch stream where, um, some guys, I think one guy
said off handed to some other player, like, Oh, your outfit's really cute.
And then they got basically called anti-gay slurs and hunted down by a squad that was basically
trying to kill him because they were gay.
Yeah.
And it was really disgusting.
And to Bethesda's credit, they, they banned that crap.
And they said, I don't want, we don't want this toxic shit in our game, which good for
them.
But you know, it's, it's G when you, when you throw all these people in a no man's wasteland,
it's almost as if the worst part of humanity comes out of people when they can hide behind
their monitor.
It's, it's kind of sad.
But then there's, of course, you know, the Bethesda fans who, you know, really did like
fallout 76 or fallout and they decided, Hey, I'm going to order that collector's edition
cause I got to have that power armor helmet and stuff like that.
And it comes with this really nice, you know, canvas bag and it's $200.
And so what happened?
Well, they got their, their $200 power armor edition and that canvas bag is not canvas.
It is a nylon cheap ass bag that they built and which it's, it's more of like, it's kind
of like this.
It's like if the game were really good, that might be overlooked, but it's not.
So now you're nitpicking every little thing that's wrong with it because it's like, well,
what the fuck you guys now, now I'm pissed at everything.
I actually disagree.
I think this is shitty.
Even if the game was good, I think it's a real shit move.
So basically go ahead.
They, they complained that there were, it started off as a post on Reddit and they complained,
you know, saying, Hey, what the hell, you know, why is this bag not an actual canvas
bag?
And they, um, commented, they contacted customer support to where there was an email response
saying that, you know, thank you for contacting Bethesda support.
My name is Nicholas and I'd be happy to help you do the unavailability of materials.
We had to switch to nylon carrying case and fallout 76 power armor edition.
We hope this doesn't prevent anyone from enjoying what we feel is the best collector's edition.
And then before that though, they said that, um, uh, what was it that they had no intention
of up, you know, fixing it, that there was, it was a prototype that was shown in those
pictures and that they weren't unable to make it.
But you got to get to the second story.
You got it.
We're getting there.
We're getting there.
We're getting there.
Okay.
This is the worst.
I know it's coming.
You all know what's coming.
And I'm sitting here going, Oh my God, I'm about to pop off.
Hold on.
Hold on.
There's still more.
So it's still on their site.
The collector's edition is still advertising a canvas bag.
Okay.
It was still advertising canvas bag.
I'm good.
Great.
That's not good.
But then, then it gets even better because everyone's already pissed at this.
Oh.
Oh, we understand that you may not be happy with the bag.
Oh, let me just get the exact, the exact phrase invaded because it was just, we understand
and respect that there's a disappointment with the bag and the power arm edition.
We are sorry.
Please contact Bethesda support with your proof of your collector's edition purchase.
They will assist you in granting your account 500 Adams, 500 as being 500 points of their
fake Bethesda money that you buy follow crap with, which by the way is not enough to actually
get an in game nylon or maybe a nylon bag, but not a canvas bag.
Okay.
But then it gets even better.
The best part was that apparently canvas bags do exist because why?
Because they've been giving them out to influencers at press events.
They're not necessarily the same canvas bags, but their canvas and their fallout 76 bags
and the type of bags that if they were the ones included in the bundle, we wouldn't have
any of these issues.
No.
Yeah.
Okay.
Y'all.
I try very hard in the show to not get caught up in like angry mob mentality that happens
online and Twitter and stuff.
I always try to be very fair.
I try to look at all perspectives about like, you know, and, and, and, you know, maybe there's
a reason why this decision was made and all that stuff.
But like when I read this about the fact that they were handing out canvas bags that existed,
that were made, that the cost was known, how much it made made cost to make those bags
to influencers.
Like I can't, I can't, I got nothing like rake them over the fucking coals, Twitter.
It's it's like, they deserve it.
That is shitty.
That is just straight up shitty.
There's no other word for it than what they did with, with subbing out the canvas of the
nylon, because they didn't know the cost and they're continuing to do it online.
And then they go and they give it to their influencers so that people are making these
YouTubes and these Twitch, like, Oh, cause you know, these unboxing videos are sweet
and then they show this whole thing.
And I'm sorry, there is a huge difference between a canvas bag and a nylon bag.
Like we're not talking about like fucking like polyester and cotton.
Like this is, there's a huge difference between those two types of bags.
So the fact that like Bethesda is trying to say they, they did poor planning on this,
then you did poor planning on this, like this and everything else, suck it up, buttercup.
You did, did poor planning on this.
Then I mean, I honestly think, and I don't agree with this, but I honestly think a better
option would have been to make the canvas bag smaller, but at least it would have been
like matching their advertising and all this stuff.
And again, what you gave the influencers should have been the product.
So we have this very interesting case now of in the year 2018 is Bethesda practicing
in false advertising.
And I think the fact that they're still showing it on the website, despite all this, I think
even by old school measures would show, yes, they are.
They're falsely advertising right now and they know damn well they can't produce those
canvas bags.
But now we live in this really interesting YouTube, Twitch, social media influencer age
where it's like, did they practice in false advertising by giving their influencers a
different product than what they gave the people?
Well, it's even better about the influencer thing too, is they had this at multiple events.
So some of these influencers may have actually received multiple canvas bags and the, I know
one of these that were handed out was actually during this three hour long like press event
to get early foot or not early gameplay, I guess, of Fallout 76.
But it's just, it's bad.
It's just bad.
Like especially now with the whole drama behind it and everything, it's just, yeah, people
are going to nitpick the stuff you do now even more so, whereas they may be a little
bit more forgiving because you fucked up every aspect of this, every possible aspect that
you had to do, it was just all fucked up.
Like the game is all fucked up.
It doesn't play right.
And then the collector's editions paid $200 for it.
You can't tell, you couldn't afford to make a bag for $200.
I mean the game, 60 bucks, okay, whatever.
There's a markup on that.
But like, you can't tell me that the cloth map and like the plastic helmet costs $200
to make.
No, it didn't.
So you can definitely afford to, you know, and campus, what fucking shortage of canvas
are we talking about?
Or honestly, like why did you advertise it if you weren't going to be able to make it?
Like why did you plan that poorly?
That's what it kind of comes down to for me.
You shouldn't have sold it that way and taken pre-orders and all this, if that's not what
you...
When you're planning it out, you know how many collector's editions you're making.
You know how much it fucking costs to make them.
I got it.
I got it.
I got it.
Before we got into this topic, you just said this.
When you went into GameStop, they told you to pre-order Super Smash Brothers, because
why?
They would know how many to make, or you might not get one if you don't pre-order because
they only make so many.
Yes.
So they're fucking taking pre-order money from people and they know how many of these
they're selling and they still can't deliver.
It just, it blows my mind.
Is Bethesda going to get a pass on this because it's the holidays?
I sure hope not.
I know, I'm hearing rumbles of law offices are looking into possible, you know, but yeah,
that kind of stuff happens over, honestly, things that probably shouldn't be either.
I know.
I'll believe it when I see a court filing.
I just deposited my $10 check from Sony or like from the Sony class action lawsuit today,
so we're all good.
Congrats.
But it's just like, Bethesda needs to answer things and sorry if I'm going to spoil a story
that I think you have coming up later in the show, but earlier next year, they're going
to be going on a press junket for their newest elder scrolls game, right?
Because blades is going to come out next year now, right?
So they're going to be going on a press junket for that.
And I really hope like they get asked some questions about this and you know, if they're
doing any, I mean, I know blades is kind of like a free to play thing and all this, but
who knows?
They'll probably try to have a way to make money off of it anyway, which is fine.
That's what free to play games do.
And if they're going to do collector's decisions and stuff, like I really hope Bethesda gets
asked these questions.
Like how are you not going to fuck up?
Like you did fallout four or false, excuse me, fallout 76, which is copy pasted fallout
for it online.
No, I'm, I'm, I'm being mean.
I'm being mean, but no, you're not.
It's pretty accurate.
Okay, fine.
But, uh, I said fallout four is good.
I just will.
Fallout four has the story that was able to save the weirdo bugs, right?
That's the difference.
Yes.
Okay.
I just, uh, just, I, I just, why, why would anybody pre-order a Bethesda game again?
Why even as much as I can sit here and say, I can't wait for elder scroll six and I can't
like Bethesda is going to have to prove to me why, well, I mean, to be honest, I don't,
I rarely pre-order games anymore anyway.
Like I might, I might pre-order things on Amazon.
Like I have my smash old, I'm like the one person that's still using Amazon and doesn't
have a problem with all the shitty things they've been doing, but that's a whole nother
Oprah.
Um, so I pre-ordered smash brothers ultimate on Amazon because they promised to get it
here at my house the day of, I don't have to take an extra to the store or whatever
that whole thing.
So I'll, I'll do that.
But like the nice thing about Amazon pre-order is like, I don't have to put five down up
front and cancel whenever I want.
Right.
Yeah.
So like, honestly, like I can think of very, very few games.
I have actually like paid money to pre-order in a long time.
I would think honestly, one of the last ones I did was final fantasy 14 heaven's word because
it came with a dragon statue and I wanted it, but you know what, Loki, you know what
I got?
I got a dragon statue and it was, it was not made out of paper mache or some dumb shit.
It was an actual legit, pretty impressive little statue in a big box.
So I've never been disappointed with the collector's editions I've gotten so far.
Yeah.
There's nothing that's been like, Oh, I was hoping this would be better.
No, it's been fine.
All right.
Going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com where you guys are really lighten up chat.
I love it.
Uh, interesting.
Why?
Why are the very interesting perspective on this?
And I hadn't given this thought, obviously the China tariffs are to blame canvas bag
prices have skyrocketed.
Bethesda didn't know this would happen at the time the canvas bags were planned disaster.
Huh?
Huh?
Well then why are you telling me this?
Why?
Why?
Isn't Bethesda trying to milk that excuse?
They could have changed that.
When did the tariffs go into place?
They could have a few months ago.
So I could have said, you know, Hey, we're going to have to change.
Let's say, well, let's put it this way.
Loki between E3 and now those Chinese tariffs went into place.
Okay.
So they could have said, Hey, you know, due to this, we're going to be unavailable to
offer this in our collector's edition where you have the opportunity to, to cancel that
if you'd like, or, or, Hey, we're just going to drop the bag out of the collector's edition.
You just going to get the helmet instead, maybe we'll reduce the price like 10 bucks
or something.
Totally.
You're right.
You're right.
That's that would have been the right way to do it.
I agree with you there that they would have seen that coming a long way.
Why?
Why are just want to clarify?
It was a joke.
I don't like honestly though, like there, there could be some legitimacy to that angle
is that like, if you want to talk about how did they not know what it would cost beforehand
and why does it cost more now?
Like honestly, why?
Why our joke or not?
Like, like, like that could be the reason, but Loki's right.
They should have disclosed it at that time.
But then again, price or not, they did manufacture canvas bags for other things.
That's true too.
That's true too.
Okay.
Uh, let's see.
Dungeon buster says, dude, if something, if someone promised you something you ordered
and you got something else, that's not right.
Full stop.
And that's, that's, it is kind of, especially if they're not telling people upfront that
they're changing something and they're just like, well, we'll get away with it guys.
You don't chat says, I don't preorder many games, but I think people know if the game
does have issues, Bethesda will fix them.
It's not like it's some indie dev from out of the blue.
I don't know.
We'll fix them because some of these bugs that are in fallout 76 are bugs that have
been there since like fallout four.
It's been there even prior to fallout four.
So it's stuff that they're not fixing them.
And a lot of times the stuff, the way this gets fixed is because the community creates
a patch and fixes the stuff.
This is also why the indie dev devs, a lot of them tend to use like the early access
outlet because it allows them to say, I ain't done with this yet.
We're still working some things out.
You know that by this coming out on early access and then, you know, they can work out
some bugs and do the full release and you know, all that, that stuff like stardew valley,
I think went that route.
Right.
When stardew valley early access for quite a while.
Um, I think so.
Yeah.
So, you know, that happens sometimes.
Um, let's see, uh, tiger claw on chat says if it were me, I wouldn't be upset at the
quality of the bag since the main item, which is the game is all I care about.
And that helmet thingy, it's something you put on display.
I get it, but it's still like, I don't know, like I still thought the bag was pretty cool
and I don't have a lot of canvas bags that I can think of.
I do have little nylon bags I've gotten at various trade events.
I don't get a lot of canvas bags.
I've gotten a duffel bag that I had with grand theft auto four that I used to carry my game
system around in.
Final fantasy 14 fan fest gave me a pretty sweet backpack, I gotta say.
But uh, yeah, again, that's all, you know, nice stuff.
I don't know.
I mean, sure.
The helmet might've been like the centerpiece of that whole thing.
Just like the, the pit boy that you wear on your wrist if you're not going to make it.
I mean, I don't know.
I just think the thing is the fact that they gave it to influencers still, that's like
to me, like the rest of it, I might've been able to find an angle to forgive them.
But the fact that they knowingly still gave the influencers the wrong type of one.
And we all know influencers, part of what they do is like basically advertising for,
you know, these companies and so forth like that.
That's the part where I'm like, I got nothing.
I got nothing to depend, defend Bethesda with at this point.
Like after they went and did that, I can't, I can't, I don't even think it helped.
I mean, honestly, I mean, you got the word out that the game sucked.
I mean, I don't know.
All right.
Anyhow.
So, um, Loki, did you even pick up fall at 76?
Like no.
Yeah, I never did.
And I honestly, my coworkers are trying to get me to pick it up and I'm like, no.
Yeah.
Would you maybe when it goes on sale, cause inevitably it's gotten down the 1999 recently.
Has it really?
Yes.
I know black Friday.
It was down 30% already.
It was down pretty low, um, recently, but like, I just don't know.
It would have to be really cheap.
I just don't get into the fallout games and it has nothing to do with it.
Honestly, it has nothing to do with any of this.
I just, I just think it's shitty and it makes me worry for the future.
Like if Bethesda gets away with this, they'll have free license to do it again.
And they're planning on using the same engine for elder scrolls six and the star field,
right?
Or what?
Is that the name of it?
And I'm, I, I would be interested in Bethesda game in space.
I love space.
EA and Bioware used to make a game about space that I really, really enjoyed and Bethesda
does pretty good stories too.
So like I'm down, but if this is what I have to look forward to, then like, fuck it.
One of the end game bosses in fallout 76 uses the same animations as the dragons in Skyrim.
Exact same animation.
Oh boy.
All right.
Uh, anyhow, let's, let's move on.
Let's get into some of the games we have been playing this week cause I'm sure there's been
a few things here and there.
Uh, Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was all Pokemon.
So I played, um, Pokemon go a bit and then I also played Pokemon let's go and I finished
all of the gyms and now I'm just trying to level up some ice electric and, um, water
Pokemon cause I think that's what they recommended that you have for the final four.
And then, um, yeah, that's, that's pretty much what I've been doing cause it's like
Pikachu right now is like level 65 and so it just like destroys everything.
Like I go through all of the gyms with just Pikachu and take them all out.
Oh wow.
Um, so I don't know.
I could probably just take the final four with Pikachu too, but you know, I just haven't
tried yet.
Uh, at least for the one that's susceptible to electric for sure.
I don't know about all of them though.
Cause um, I think, I think they, they correct me if I'm wrong chat, but I think the final
four elite four or whatever use Pokemon they're in level fifties ranges.
You'd probably get through it with Pikachu honestly, but um, you might want to bump it
a few more levels or just get like one other.
I've got some rare candies.
I'll just shove them all in the Pikachu.
That might honestly work.
So Pikachu the level like 80 and yeah, just destroy everything.
Act Efton chat says my EV is level 99.
I haven't gotten to the elite four.
So yeah, if you get it that far then yeah, like see, um, I had an EV and then I, I evolved
it into a Jolteon because unfortunately this EVs of the EV that you get in my game is not
the same.
I get the same abilities as the other EV version.
So I can't really make an op EV that way, but, um, I don't know.
So I'll just mess with that right now.
I don't even remember what the hell I have in my Pokeball right now.
Like I was trying to remember what it was earlier.
It's either, um, I think it's a Vipirion or it's, um, Archileno or whatever.
I don't remember.
Um, but yeah, so I just have to do that stuff and I don't know.
Play the end game thing cause I know there's some end game stuff and you know, new areas
you can go to.
And then I think at some point you fight red too at some point and then Mewtwo as well.
All right.
Um, anything else besides let's go and DDR fourth plus.
Oh yeah.
I saw some of your streaming.
Yeah.
The conga feeling for me.
Yes I did.
And uh, I am not very, I don't like a lot of like the fourth mixed steps that they put
in there.
Like they did brand new steps.
It's been a while since I played fourth plus cause I think when I was playing fourth mix,
like primarily it was singles.
I wasn't really playing doubles back then.
I think I did a little bit doubles, but I didn't really play a lot of that stuff.
Um, it was mostly on fifth mixes so that I was just doing doubles.
It was harder in the arcades too cause you'd be under more pressure to like share your
game with somebody else.
Like if they wanted to spend it all and let you pick the songs like, you know, so it was,
it was a little bit, you know, different.
But like, I don't like some of the steps that they have, like some of them, like I tried
playing Xanadu, like I played both sets of steps and they just, I fucking hate them.
Like I don't like what they did.
They changed the steps to Xanadu.
Right.
But you can play the original ones too.
Okay.
Okay.
So they have like a, they're like edit sets, but it's just all jacked up.
So I'm not really digging fourth plus too much.
I may end up putting something else on there, but I can always put it on again whenever
you decide to come over.
Cause I mean I can sweep swap them like pretty fast.
All right.
Yeah.
I may end up moving to, I think I might move to Euro mix too because that's a mix I have
not played yet.
Oh, there you go.
Something new.
And so it's basically max two with like some different songs on there and it's got Cotton
Eye Joe.
Yeah.
Heck yeah.
So, you know, maybe quintessential nineties dance hit, you know, there's, there's people
alive and maybe listening to our show, I have no idea what some of these songs are who never
had the pleasure of going to a high school dance and hearing, where did you come from?
Where did you go?
Where did you come from?
Cotton Eye Joe.
Or I can put like the old Euro mix.
I think I have Euro mix one on there too, which is, it's got a Caribbean queen and video
killed the radio star.
I don't know some of those, but that's like third mix stuff.
So I don't know.
Or Disney rave, you know, we'll see.
Going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com YYR says you'll spend an hour with it and then
you'll be done.
Yes, pretty much.
Yeah.
But that's okay.
Yeah.
Have fun with it.
But I've been working on set mania stuff too.
So I actually started working on a theme that I was going to accustomed being for the cabinet.
Oh, fun.
But I'm, I'm, I'm stuck on what I'm going to call it.
So that's, that's the problems.
It's like a fake DDR version.
So Loki's DDR hell, no, that's dumb, but yeah, the kids have to be around it.
So I've got it like started and I kind of like, I just can't think of a good name for
it.
So anyway, you can think of a cool name.
I'm down with that.
But like, there you go.
I'm working on the figuring out how to do theming and stuff.
Yell it out in our chat or visit a Loki on Twitter at lokiolr.
So, all right.
Awesome.
Um, my gaming week.
Um, I didn't really buy any new games this week.
Well, except for runner three, which I played after last week's OLR.
I did a live stream and I did some runner three after the show last week and, and that
was fun.
I don't know why they took the name bit trip out of it.
I'm not sure what that was about, but, um, maybe because it's not as bit, it does look
a lot different now, but, uh, it kind of did in version two as well.
But it doesn't really matter.
Semantics aside, uh, the game is, is cute and fun.
And if you enjoyed Bit.Trip Runner 2, a lot of that same type of stuff is there in three.
Love the music in the game.
And it's fun to kind of be bouncing along and jumping to the music.
Obviously it's like head bang on the wall hard.
Like I got to the, the boss of the first area and I just had to like end my stream before
I beat it because it was just getting too late.
And I was like, guys, I really wanted to like end with beating this boss, but I'm not fucking
making progress on it.
So sadly, we're just going to call it here.
So that's a little bit embarrassing, but, um, there's just some stuff where it's like,
dang, you have to really like work on it and do it over and over and over again.
But you know, sometimes with those very difficult games, as a lot of 8-bit Nintendo games used
to be, you start to feel that progression and it feels very rewarding and very good,
uh, when you kind of keep at it.
So that was, um, Runner 3.
And other than that, I've been playing, um, a lot of the similar things that I've been
playing, uh, include pickup, um, uh, what was it called?
It was, um, old school musical.
I didn't know.
I've watched you guys play it and I never picked that up myself.
That's probably on the list.
I should have got that during the last steam sale.
Dang it.
But maybe I'll get it.
Cause there'll be another one like at New Year's, right?
Yeah.
So maybe I'll pick it up then if it even goes on sale, not everything does.
So I might pick it up then.
Or maybe I'll just, you know, who knows?
We'll buy it, buy it before then.
Oh, do they?
Oh, maybe I'll buy it there.
Yeah.
That'd be a lot of fun.
Yeah.
I got it on both because I bought it on the switch and my kids are like, give me that.
I want to play whatever the hell game I'm playing.
I want, I want, I want.
I want Mario Kart.
I'm like, crap, how am I going to play this game now?
Okay.
I guess I'll buy it on steam too.
All right.
Yeah.
Bobby Blackwell says, just pay full price for it so the developer gets the full price.
Fine.
I, and honestly the Nintendo games go on sale a lot less frequently anyway.
And I like the idea of having it portable and that, that sounds, it seems like a good
switch game.
So I think we found a good happy medium.
All right, Bobby.
All right.
Uh, uh, let's see.
And um, other games I have been playing this week, uh, continuing on in Final Fantasy 14,
trying to like cap out my tomes, work on my gear in that game, world of Warcraft.
Although I kind of have hit a wall where if I don't team up with Delvin or other people
to do like mythics and other stuff, like there's not really a lot of ways to advance my gear
besides trying to get Azerite.
So one thing that I've been working on is PVP.
I'm actually having fun PVPing.
And for some reason, I don't know if they're considered underpowered or something, but
I play a warlock.
I play an affliction warlock and in PVP, like I hardly ever see other warlocks.
Like people will get excited when I'm there cause they'll be like, yay, lock candy, which
is, you know, I think it's a spell they have to let everybody get a little hellstone.
Um, and so I don't know, but, but I feel like I do all right when it comes to damage because
you could just dot everybody up and you get, and you do have this one spell that's seed
of corruption.
And so you fire it on somebody that's like in the middle of the pack.
And then when it explodes, they spread this thing called corruption to every other player
around them.
And that's probably how I'm able to climb up the DPS charts, uh, in some of those big
battlegrounds so easy.
But anyway, I won't bore you with all the wow talk cause I know not everybody plays,
but that's something I've been getting into a little more is playing the PVP, uh, in world
of Warcraft.
And I've gotten enough marks of honor where I bought the very first season set, the blueberry
face on the warlock.
I just bought that one last night and I bought one of the sets during, um, cataclysm cause
I thought it looked cool.
So I'm PVPing enough to buy some of the, uh, uh, Barbie dress up transmog sets.
And so that's a lot of fun.
Dang it.
So that's kind of giving me something to do in the game right now.
Um, otherwise on consoles been continuing to play Tetris effects cause I played the
weekend event event.
I beat the journey mode thing.
That's right.
I'm mixing them up.
Yeah.
Journey is the mode with all the stages, right?
Yeah.
Um, and I will say Bobby did get something right on his last show.
That stage with the hot air balloons is like one of the best songs in the game.
You know what my actual, actually my absolute favorite was, was the board right after that
was the mermaids.
I haven't played enough of the game yet.
Oh yeah.
Oh, um, you know, I don't think I'm really spoiling anything, but, um, there's a, in
the very last set, well, the very, and you can see this on the map again, it's not a
spoiler.
The very last stage is one giant stage called metamorphosis.
So before that you have like a track of five skins that you do.
And I think the second one is the hot air balloons that has a really cool little song
behind it that's very similar to the trailer song.
And then the one after that is the mermaid cove and it's like purple, this really beautiful
color.
And the song is really good too.
Like I just, I really enjoyed that one.
And in VR again, Oh, it's so good in VR.
I love playing that game in VR.
It's just such a like in the zone type of game.
I love it.
Um, so yeah, that's pretty, actually it's, have you played rez in VR?
Yeah, I did.
We talked about last week.
Oh, that's right.
Yeah.
So well actually I'm not, I'm not unhappy you brought that up because even though I
didn't play it again this week, remember last week we got into this thing where I said,
I noticed that rez area X is like its own thing developed in unity and it's in the synesthesia
engine.
Yeah.
And unreal.
Yeah.
Guess what?
Since I beat Tetris effect, I actually watched the credits.
Guess what?
Y'all synesthesia engine Tetris effect and rez area X are built on the same engine.
And I tweeted about that on my Twitter.
Go look at who liked my tweet because I wrote something like, wow, Tetris effect and rez
area X are indeed on the same engine.
What's next?
Question, question, question.
Um, enhance like the tweet.
Some other employee over there liked the tweet and Mizuguchi liked the tweet.
And I was like, okay, wow.
That's like a little, a little kiss and a, that's a little pat on the ass from the developers.
Like good for you snowflake figuring that one out.
So I was, but I was thrilled and I honestly, yeah, I meant it.
Bring it on.
What is it?
New rez game.
Just rez triple X, do it in the synesthesia engine, do a child of Eden remake in the engine,
do a new, let Mizuguchi do whatever the fuck he wants TBH cause I will be there and, and
uh, I'm sure the synesthesia engine will be great for it.
So, uh, or whatever they want to do in the future.
Like on, and I said this when I first reviewed Tetris effect, like we all have our fanboy
things in video games and video games that that man makes Mizuguchi like are always,
I'm going to like, he made 99 nights and I still defended that more than most people
did.
Okay.
Cause it, look, it was flawed, but it was still decent for what it was.
Okay.
So anyway, uh, I played a little bit of that and um, yeah, I guess that's really, that's
all that's like jumping out other than like canoeing, switch games, Pokemon, let's go
a little bit mobile games still plucking along on ingress, although ingress isn't as exciting
now that double AP is over.
I wish it was always double AP, but I guess, I guess one thing, you know, quickly I will
say about the mobile games, um, that I play ingress does seem to be wanting to implement
more limited time events, kind of like what Pokemon does.
Cause obviously we had this three day long community thing, although really that bonus
window was when all the shinies were boosted and all that good stuff, which I caught like
seriously like 12 shinies in that three hour period.
But it was unfortunately, yeah, I didn't need anything, but it was nice to get another Bulbasaur
because I had only gotten one because it was the Bulbasaur weekend was the same day as
Bobby's wedding.
So obviously that was more important.
So I'm really glad I got a second chance.
I'm just trying to get all my dratini's now so I can actually get, I have a shiny dratini
that left it or shiny dragon air that was leftover from.
But anyway, we talk enough about what we want to go ingress on the other hand, um, it seems
to be wanting to look at doing more of those limited time events, especially because you
know, they're trying to push the prime scanner as their new version of the game and all this.
So they're doing some event coming up where like for five days, beginning on December
26, don't quote me on this because everything they have to do based on UTC as well, um,
you're going to get double AP for smashing resonators and placing resonators, but not
like hacking and it's, it's interesting to kind of, kind of doing like a weird thing
with the AP and that's their version of experience.
So it's, it'll be interesting.
So, but yeah, uh, otherwise that's, that's been, that's been plenty of gaming for me.
So, uh, all right, let's get to some housekeeping.
Um, over at, uh, uh, sorry, I'm checking in with the chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
VidPower confirms that Old School Musical only had a 10% discount in the Steam Autumn
sale anyway.
Hey, 10% is 10%.
I mean, and that game is still newer.
Like in, uh, what Bobby says is, you know, the devs are entitled to, to a big chunk of
the money and that's fair.
Uh, and Bobby Blackwell says, senpai notice Rob.
That's seriously how I felt, just so we know.
And Act Def says Mizuguchi likes a lot of tweets, especially when they mentioned something
good about their games.
Oh, I'm sure Mizuguchi like has that tweet deck and has a thing for Tetris Effect.
So he sees all the tweets on it.
Not that I think he sits there all day, but you know, he probably scrolls through it once
in a while.
He probably likes a bunch of tweets.
You know, I bet when you're a game developer, seeing good things about your game feels really
good.
You know, I would, I would bet that that is a thing.
And so, uh, you know, he, I, I, and I love it that he, he stopped to check it out.
Yeah, exactly.
Like going back to Fallout 76, I mean, I'm sure that it feels bad for like the developers
that, you know, I'm sure there are a game many, probably so frustrated, like we wanted
to fix this shit, but I know that's a very fair perspective and something we can't say
enough.
I'm sure there are plenty of Bethesda employees who worked very hard on that game, who are
just straight up embarrassed right now.
So like, don't pick on people that work at Bethesda and less their boardroom management,
financial CEO type of people.
Those are the people you take issue with.
Do not take issue with the QA people, the, the programmers, the, the people that designed
the textures and all that stuff.
They were just, they were making the game under the constraints that they were given
from up above.
So do not, do not, let me see you doing that on Twitter, but I'm, I'm, I know the listeners
of this show are smart enough to know that.
Um, let's see, uh, going to chat for a couple more comments, uh, dark tits to be in chat
says rez triple X.
Well, it does support trans vibrators, but that's true that rez is the game that brought
us that wonderful, wonderful, um, accessory.
All right, so quick housekeeping before we get to gaming news tonight, let me bring up
one thing because it was brought up on Bobby show, so I think it's important to just bring
up here too.
So y'all know that we're going to be making a transition to Twitch for the live presentation.
So right now, if you want to listen to the show live, you're either using the plugin
over at live.vognetwork.com or you're using something like TuneIn or basically you're
using something that is shoutcast embedded.
You're using something to connect to an MP3 streaming platform called shoutcast, which
goes all the way back to old school Winamp, which is why we joke about this computer that
still uses windows.
Um, I almost said 95 and it might as well use windows 95, but windows XP, uh, because
that's, you know, when, when, when this Winamp and shoutcast thing was all made.
So anyway, part of the reason we're making the switch to Twitch is that for our live
presentation, uh, it's now going to be delivered on Twitch.
And so you don't have to think like, what's the link to get to OLR stream or what app
do I have to download?
Cause you know, I think most of y'all have Twitch in your pockets, on your phones, all
that stuff and on your gaming consoles and on your computer.
So this would be very easy for you to just go to twitch.tv slash vognetwork and check
it out.
So since we are moving to Twitch, obviously video is a big thing on Twitch.
So we will be streaming video additionally with that.
Um, as far as the podcast goes, and again, I want to emphasize it's Orange Launch Radio
and always has been, and that's going to be the way it is for the way foreseeable future.
Um, so the podcast will be the exact same thing, pretty much you're hearing now, but
maybe, maybe it was actually, I'm looking at, uh, we got a brand new mixing board, so
maybe a little bit of audio polish and maybe a little bit of polish here and there, but
for all practical purposes, it'll be the same show that you're used to and still free.
And I want to stress that.
Um, but, and there's a, but here, um, uh, something somewhat new.
I say it's new, even though we used to do stuff on Justin TV a long time ago.
So, and you can go to our old Twitch channel and see some highlights from what that looked
like.
And it's, it'll look better now cause it'll be HD and we're not in the same studio, but
it'll, you know, you get the idea.
But something, uh, that people are, uh, you know, looking forward to, I suppose is video,
even though we don't plan to play up to the video, it's, I don't know how exciting it'll
be, but all right.
Um, but some people were wondering like, will I be able to just go listen to OLR on Twitch
video archives?
Um, and we are still a podcast and we want to push people to the podcast feed.
So that is kind of still the preferred place to listen to this show in the archive.
However, I understand that a people want to do, uh, go along with the show live, which
I think is great.
And also with that people, um, uh, might want to go check out what it looks like live and,
and all of that.
Uh, and that's fine.
Um, but we did make a decision at VOG network that we will be putting the video on demand
only on demand, not the live, the video on demand will be, uh, available to subscribers
of the Twitch VOG network only.
Um, so, uh, again, we see that as something new that is being put behind a paywall and
not anything old that we're like taking away to put behind a payroll.
I want to really stress that because I know how y'all can handle some of these news when
game companies do it sometimes and all that.
So again, it's, it's something new.
And if you want to be here live, you'll get to see all of it for whatever.
Um, but if you do want to do the video on demand, um, because again, podcasting is kind
of the game we're in and we want to really push people there.
But if you really, really want to see the video, um, you can use your, um, Amazon prime.
If you have that, your prime subscription over on the VOG network, um, or, or so on.
Um, but not right away because again, we're going to have to get to that point first.
We have to kind of hit the affiliate status on Twitch and all that good stuff.
So for a little while, it'll still be open and free.
So you kind of get an idea what that looks like, but please know that the plan is in
early 2019, uh, we are going to kind of make that change.
So if y'all have any questions about it or you want to, you want to yell, get mad, although
I don't, I don't know why people would get mad, but you never know, uh, now's a good
time to do that.
Cause I just want to be upfront with that.
And uh, yeah, I hope some of you guys will, you know, enjoy it though.
I remember one more thing I was going to complain about on my gaming week and it says has to
do with both Pokemon Let's Go and Pokemon Go.
It's the Pokemon, the brand new Pokemon Meltan.
Oh yeah.
So Meltan, the way you get him in Pokemon Go, or you have to get him in Pokemon Go is
you, when you transfer Pokemon from Pokemon Go into Pokemon Let's Go through the Go park,
you get a mystery box that appears in Pokemon Go and you open the mystery box and acts like
a lure for 30 minutes and you're supposed to spawn a bunch of Meltan.
You catch them and that's how you're supposed to do it.
And you're supposed to get 400 Meltan to evolve into whatever the fuck the thing's called.
Um, Melmetal, Melmetal, yes.
And Melmetal, well, Meltan's also, you mean you can earn candy by walking, but you have
to walk 20 kilometers per candy for that, which is fucking stupid.
So it was, I guess I shouldn't have been surprised when I popped the mystery box and 30 minutes
go by and there's four, four fucking spawns of Meltan.
Four.
Mind you, you can use that once a week.
Yikes.
So it would take, assuming that was always four and assuming that I was, do you get more
if you walk?
Cause that's the way regular lures work.
More will pop if you walk while the lure is going.
I was walking.
Okay.
So it's so four.
Are you using pin apps?
But yes, of course.
God damn.
Just making sure.
Just making sure.
Yeah.
Every time.
So it would take like probably at least a year to get Melmetal.
Deft of saying you get 10 mil, 10 guaranteed.
So well, it's not a guarantee cause I got four and I had that, that fucking app open
the entire time.
So there was not fucking guarantee.
In fact, I complained about it on Twitch or not Twitch, Twitter, because for the first
like eight minutes, nothing was spawning.
Like it was all of the event Pokemon that were around, but nothing was spawning.
And so I'm like, what the fuck?
I wonder if the event screwed it up somehow.
I don't know.
Well, you know how we can fix that?
It's called your program, the fucking game, so it doesn't fucking do that.
All right.
Let me get some of these comments and we'll get into the gaming news for the week.
So in the, uh, comments over at live.vognetwork.com, a lot of positive.
That's fair.
I understand.
I'm cool with that.
Thanks you guys.
I really appreciate that.
Uh, bonds double six and chat says just redownload Winamp for the memories.
Winamp did put out a new version and I'm all for the memories.
Um, but it does remind me to say, um, that when we do move to Twitch, the audio will
no longer be available.
So if you are using TuneIn or you know, the, the plugin at VOG, well, the plugin at VOG
network will simply change to a Twitch window, but you know, the way you're listening live
now, again, only for our live listeners, uh, for podcasts, it would be the same, but for
live listeners, um, it will change.
You will not have a audio only feed anymore.
Um, I believe Twitch offers a audio only component in the app where you just listen.
Um, but yes, uh, it will be a little bit of a change, but also, um, again, the, the, the
radio feed, the shoutcast feed is the most expensive piece of running VOG right now.
So hope you guys will understand.
Oh.
And he says, you know, Bobby mentioned new chat room.
Oh yes.
New chat room too.
We will be moving over to the Twitch chat room, which I mean, kind of makes sense, right?
And that's just a decision because it ain't like, let's be realistic.
You guys, if we said, Oh, don't use that chat, head on over to this chat.
People aren't going to do it.
So if we want to get new people in our family, we want people to be engaging and all that
good stuff.
Uh, we have to, you know, um, open up that chat over there, but you know what, this also
opens the door to, you know, if maybe we want to do more extra things, we're going to be
able to really do that.
So, um, it's really exciting.
And I, as far as I know, the plan is it will be a shared space with Bobby Black Wolf, uh,
anime jam session, hopefully some of our other shows too.
I'm really hoping we'll give it a try.
We'll see again, we don't want to force them to do anything.
We'll still be a network for promoting and, and lifting each other up.
But um, you know, we'll have, we'll have a platform should they choose to use it.
But as a podcast producer, they're free to do whatever they want to do.
Um, you know, maybe draw some more stuff and grow our network.
So I think in the year 2018, it's going to be an awesome thing, but I'll stop talking
about it and let y'all experience it in a couple of weeks when we get to experience
it too.
Let's get into some gaming news for now instead.
Loki.
Yes.
So let's talk about Nintendo finally getting rid of their shitty Nintendo creators program.
So for those who may or not remember, the creators program was basically their way of
doing YouTube content, um, or monetizing YouTube content.
So basically you weren't allowed to put YouTube content out there unless you're part of a
Nintendo, um, the Nintendo creators program, in which case they got a significant portion
of the ad revenue from that and then they wouldn't strike your video for that.
So now as of March 20th, 2019, they will be ceasing operations on that front.
So we're ending the Nintendo creators program to make it easier for content creators to
make and monetize videos that contain Nintendo game content.
We will no longer ask creators to submit their videos to the NCP and the creators can continue
showing their passion for Nintendo by the following Nintendo or by following Nintendo
guidelines.
And, um, let's see what those guidelines are.
I think it's just basically from what I gathered, it was, um, you know, you got to make sure
that you're not just posting, you know, direct video of the games, you know, you're doing
some commentary, um, you know, they want to make sure that, you know, that your input's
in there.
So for example, you know, they want to post gameplay videos, screenshots using Nintendo
system features.
You can use the capture button on Nintendo switch with additional input or commentary.
Um, you're only permitted to use Nintendo game content that has been officially released
from or from promotional materials official released by Nintendo as such as, um, product
trailers or Nintendo direct.
So none of you streaming smash brothers before it's out cause you pirated a copy of the internet.
Not allowed.
I mean, that's self-explanatory.
Um, they of course reserve the right to remove any content that they feel is unlawful, impringing
or inappropriate.
Um, so no like peach fuck Daisy type of things on YouTube.
Well, actually, to be fair under parody law, you could, I mean, you might be breaking some
YouTube things, so you gotta be careful, but under parody law, I would say you still have
quite a bit of leeway room, but you can't really like use direct feeds of Nintendo stuff
and all, you know, you'd have to be a little more creative with how you do parody, I guess
in that regard.
Right.
I don't know.
I'm not a lawyer.
Don't take my advice.
Maybe just don't do that idea.
So they basically, there's some things that there's like a QA on, on their little guidelines
or whatever.
So some of this is kind of a little interesting.
So for example, you know, they, the, one of the questions number three, what do you mean
by appropriate video and image sharing websites?
And the answer is we generally accept most commonly used video and image sharing platforms
such as, but not limited to YouTube, Twitch and Instagram.
However, we reserve the right to remove any content that we believe is unlawful, infringing
or inappropriate or not with these guidelines.
And then number four, what exactly are the monetization methods separately specified
by Nintendo as referred in the guidelines.
So they're talking about monetization through Facebook, Nico Nico, open rec TV, Twitch,
Twitter, and YouTube.
Could it be that the reason that like mixer isn't on there is they don't have a way to
monetize stuff yet.
Their partners do.
Your partners do.
Yeah.
Uh, of course they have an asterisk, they're subject to be updated.
So I just think again, and I mentioned this on Bobby show and this topic came up on the
call that we do at the end of the show.
But um, I think with a mixer, I think it's just that mixer does a lot of Microsoft stuff.
There's a lot of PC stuff, not exactly known for its heavy Nintendo presence.
And although you may not have heard of some of these streaming sites that were brought
up here, um, like Nico Nico, like that one's here in Japan.
Yeah.
I mean, I maybe some of you have, but some of these sites that Loki's naming, they're
big in other countries.
They're just not the method of choice here.
But did you, did you say things like daily motion and yeah, so there are other cause
like PlayStation four will let you stream to daily motion.
So there are other sites that are being not called out here, but I would assume it's a
similar kind of rule on these sites.
So I would assume.
So I think they're just listing sites cause they're talking about, yeah, I don't know.
Um, so yeah, I mean, I guess, sorry, I'm laughing.
Zach Defton chat says, this is the best news from Nintendo in the whole year.
Yeah.
Even more than it is.
But it is good.
I think the whole program that they have was absolute shit.
So it is a step in the right direction, misinformed.
I'm going to say it was, it was just, it just wasn't a good idea.
Yeah.
And I think finally I think it caught up with them.
You know, um, I think there are certain big channels who made a decision to just stop
covering Nintendo.
And I think somebody finally had a discussion of where finally everybody made a meeting
that was planned to one week where they brought in some numbers and said, you know what guys,
this program is just not effective because we're not getting looked at by these people.
And what are we really gaining from this?
We're not.
We're not getting social media feedback on our creators program.
We're not getting new people that apply.
People are just doing it on Twitch anyway.
So, so I think finally they just sat down and said, why don't we just adopt a policy
similar to Sony and Microsoft?
Some people are worried about certain wording that's in there.
Like for example, you're only permitted to use Nintendo game content that has been officially
released.
So like for example, they were saying officially, does that mean ROM hacks and fan games?
Not officially, honestly, if you want to take it at face value, no.
Or I mean, if you want to take it at face value, that stuff is not acceptable.
However, is Nintendo going to blackball that stuff?
Probably I would think Nintendo is going to turn a blind eye to it, especially when it
comes to things like AGDQ.
We all know that Nintendo would be the biggest dick bags in the world to smack down a charity
event that they just happen to be playing ROM hacks.
And I think Nintendo is well aware enough of that as well.
That wording is specifically for what is happening right now with Smash and how that, and to
be fair, I think when it comes to the hack, like the homegrown Smash that they did, that
stuff, Nintendo probably don't want that stuff out there either.
Well, I think also like they're talking about like maybe like if somehow someone were to
leak footage from a game that hasn't been released or something like that, like if something
were to leak out of Nintendo, then they'd be able to smack it down.
It's maybe, but I don't know.
Then, then you have to kind of question what ends up being fair use for the purposes of
news and commentary and you just get into all that stuff.
But unfortunately, if you still continue to use YouTube, you're going to notice there's
a very good reason why VOG Network went to Twitch and not YouTube Live because I'll just
say it because I'm not one to hold back tonight because YouTube Live, and I've said this over
and over again on the show, YouTube has demonstrated that they do not side with their creators
ever in these issues.
So whereas Twitch seems to make decisions that, you know, they're not always what you
want to hear, but I feel like for the most part, they've been a lot more sensible in
the types of decisions they make and so forth over on Twitch.
And that's a big part.
Obviously, I solely did not make the decision, but those were the type of factors I weighed
when I cast my vote, we'll put it that way.
So anyway, my point is with that, if you know, if there's like a leak and that's like newsworthy,
one could argue that's a bit of like news and fair use, but I think Nintendo is trying
to prevent the straight up piracy leaks, that type of stuff.
They don't want that.
They're not streaming four hours of Smash Brothers or worse yet, a more, well, I guess
Smash Brothers is story based, but I was going to say, let's say in a couple of years time,
they do a new Zelda because Nintendo would be redonkulous to not give us a new Zelda
after Breath of the Wild was fucking amazing, right?
There's going to be a new Zelda someday.
We all know.
So what they'd want, what they don't want is somebody streaming the entirety of Zelda
and the story spoilers and all that stuff three weeks before the game is out.
That's that's what that is there for.
And I get it.
Like they want to keep that stuff under wraps.
I think, I think you can, I think you can give Nintendo that for all the Nintendo is
clueless when it comes to online shit that they've they're given over the years.
This new policy is good enough.
And again, I really think if you go look at Sony and Microsoft's policies, you're not
going to find that big a difference.
Sony and Microsoft don't want that stuff out there either.
So I really don't think you're going to find big differences in that.
So I'm glad they're on this route.
Yeah.
So anyhow, um, tiger class has four hours of smash brothers.
What if you were broadcasting a tournament?
Well, you're not going to be doing a tournament of a game that has not yet been released yet.
Cause that's a whole nother reason unless here's the funny thing.
If you're a Nintendo and it's your official tournament, well, you can do whatever you
want because remember at E3, they did do a super smash brothers, ultimate tournament.
Am I, am I not right?
Didn't they do a tournament?
I don't remember.
I think they did.
And when Nintendo's doing tree house and all that stuff at E3, they can stream all the
Nintendo stuff they want.
Um, but you know, a lot of that stuff again, like at an event like E3, you know, that media
is put out there for other people to put out on their channels and, you know, put out in
the open and so forth.
They just don't want unreleased stuff out there.
But E3 demo footage, I don't think is going to really be a problem either.
So, um, let's see, uh, Bobby Blackwell says they aired that on TBS last night.
The E league took that E3 tournament and turned it into a few episodes that aired on TBS last
week.
Huh?
Just, just in time for the release of the game.
Funny that.
Yeah.
Might wonder why it took a couple months of delay.
Did, did it really take that long to edit?
There's a little bit of both those things coming into play.
Who knows?
All right.
Yeah.
Tiger class says, so by the time ultimate comes out, we can expect tons of coverage
for that in the fighting game community.
And honestly, tiger claw, I think smash brothers could be the catalyst for why Nintendo finally
sat down to re review this decision because maybe they realized there were some big names
and fighting and all that stuff that we're not gonna look at it because of Nintendo's
rules.
And I mean, who knows?
I could, you know, I don't have all the facts in front of me.
Unfortunately, Nintendo knows why Nintendo made that decision, but I think somebody pointed
out to them, they were off base and thinking they could control the entire internet with
all that content and they got set on the right path.
So there you go.
Anyhow.
Um, maybe not so much on the right path, uh, as it comes to light this week, uh, the PlayStation
classic.
Yeah.
That's coming out real soon too.
And uh, turns out, uh, some of the games on the PlayStation classic, not actually going
to be exactly the same as you remember them in America.
That's because they're adopting a different standard for the PlayStation classic called
pal, which if you're in Europe, well, that will be the game that you remember.
But essentially the difference is that a game in pal would run at 50 Hertz.
So a game that runs at 30 frames a second in America runs at 25 frames a second in Europe,
essentially.
I mean, because you know, 60 Hertz is that more like standard here.
It's like, so if you kind of do your fraction, okay, anyway.
So, so essentially it cuts down the frame rates a little bit.
Will most people notice?
Yes.
Oh, you think so?
Okay.
You will.
But if you're like a big Tekken fighting game person and Tekken is one of the games, Tekken
three, where the pal version is used, uh, those frames can absolutely make or break
when it comes to when you block, when you do your moves.
Cause the games they're running at 50 frames per second says 60, uh, that's a locked 50.
Well, it's not even locked.
It's you know.
Yeah.
Uh, Sony did confirm that news in a PlayStation, a blog post about the PlayStation classic.
Uh, and uh, yeah, so for some reason, uh, the Europe versions are going to be the worldwide
versions.
Uh, it's not just Tekken.
It's going to be as well.
Resident Evil Director's Cut, Tom Clancy, Rainbow Six, Oddworld, Abe's Odyssey, Jumping
Flash, Grand Theft Auto, Destruction Derby, Cool Borders 2, Battle Arena, Tushin Den.
So yeah, you go, you go watch the Digital Foundry's video, they kind of do a nice breakdown
of all the things that are not so great about, um, the PlayStation classic being, uh, there's
sound emulation issues, there's slowdowns and games that weren't in the actual versions
of the game.
Um, just even the emulation like method that they use is not fantastic.
It just, it works better on the PSP even, which if you think about it, like, I don't
know, man, you could like buy an old PSP and with the video out cables and get a better
experience than you would with, with the PlayStation classic, which is pathetic.
I don't know.
I think you can do better.
Yeah.
You know, with retro arch, they have other, um, they were showing there's one, I don't
remember what, um, core it was, but there was a different PlayStation core that you
could do that was, it actually fixes all the texture distortions issues that the PlayStation
had.
Oh my God.
They should like, um, are four on that hole that now that was how it looked.
That would be fantastic.
And I'd be totally on board with getting it, but no, not, not the way this is.
Well, uh, also one other thing is that in the blog post, uh, the PlayStation classic
will not be upgradable.
They're saying the PS classic is preloaded with 20 of the best games from the original
PlayStation is not possible to purchase additional games for PlayStation classic.
I don't know where that rumor came from.
I thought they made it pretty clear before that it's not like they're not connecting
it online or anything, but whatever it just sounds like a challenge to me.
Yeah.
Right.
I mean, who, you wouldn't really want to upgrade it, but I mean, you could like, I'm sure it'll
be hacked.
I can't wait for the, you know, that portion of it and who knows, you know, being that
it could be hacked and being that it's running an open source emulator anyways, I would think
that perhaps we could just load something on there that maybe emulates it better.
I don't know.
All right.
Uh, anyway, uh, Bobby Blackwell's in our chat saying the official reason is because the
Europe versions have seven languages where the North American versions only have English
and maybe French for Canada.
And they wanted to make only one PlayStation classic for both North America and Europe.
I mean, I, I guess yay to more countries having access to this because of language needs,
but it just doesn't seem like the greatest followup news story when this, I think most
people, here's the thing, I think most people were already feeling lukewarm on this.
And so this is just another kick in the shin.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
So yeah, just minimal viable product.
Yeah, exactly.
So, all right, well, we'll see how it goes for him.
Anyhow, moving on.
I have a feeling this will be PlayStation's only classic console though.
We'll see moving on to Loki.
So I'm surprised I didn't play this this week, but a red dead online, they did like a surprise
announcement that, Hey, we're going to be doing testing for red dead online.
So you go ahead and check it out.
It's going to be available out there.
So people got a chance to actually check out what the online micro track and transactions
are going to look like.
So you much like Grand Theft Auto online, you know, they have different currency.
You can buy, you know, shark cards.
So in Grand Theft Auto online, that is in the form of gold bars.
Right now you cannot purchase gold bars for real world cash.
That is going to be probably coming.
So right now you earn nuggets and I believe for every 100 nuggets you get, you get a gold
bar.
And for some of the customization in the game, it costs you money to do that.
For example, they said with the, if you want to change all of the metal pieces on your
starting rifle, it's going to cost you 30 gold bars, which takes about 200 plus hours
to earn.
The only other way is to purchase, you know, gold.
And then they said, of course, future, your first horse, I guess you can ensure it without
gold.
So that means that it will respawn.
Otherwise, if you buy a horse later on, you would need five gold bars to ensure it.
And then also people are finding that the in-game prices for items that you can purchase
are much higher in the online version versus the actual game.
Whereas the rewards aren't necessarily as high because of course they're trying to drive
you to buying, you know, that online currency.
See for me, I'm not, I'm kind of worried that I don't think the draw like with Grand Theft
Auto five online is going to be the same as this game.
I don't think that Red Dead Online is going to have that same draw because you're kind
of limited in scope of what you can do with the game.
Whereas Grand Theft Auto, I mean, you have like stunt races and shit with like cars transforming
and all sorts of like crazy tracks and stuff in the sky and different game modes that are
ridiculous like with spy cars and all that.
I just think you're going to be kind of limited what you can do game mode wise.
And so I may be harder for them to make that money back that they think they're going to
make with this.
But I guess we'll have to wait and see.
Bobby Black Wolf in chat says Red Dead Online is just Barbie horse adventures with mustaches
and guns.
Bobby knows how to sell video games.
Like I'm kind of interested all of a sudden.
No, I mean the online mode I bet would be pretty cool, but yeah, I don't know.
Maybe it just sounds like it's very, very limited, but it's like all these games kind
of like have forced online modes these days, right?
I remember Mass Effect 3 got so much shit for having an online mode when it was such
a narrative game.
But like honestly, I still defend Mass Effect 3's online mode.
I thought it made that game that much better.
Like for all the shit it got for its ending and all that other stuff, like honestly, the
online mode was fucking solid.
Like I really loved how they implemented it.
And I kind of wish like, yes, I know we got another online mode in Andromeda, which really
it wasn't bad.
I didn't like it as much as 3's, but it was competent.
So I'd like to see another Mass Effect that's that if I can't get a narrative game soon.
Like here's an example of how fucked up the economy is online right now.
So they said in the game you can steal, you know, loot stagecoaches and stuff like that.
You can sell a gold wedding ring for $1.15, but a can of beans costs $1.50 to buy.
That's more than they cost at Winco.
That's a supermarket here.
I don't know if that's a nationwide thing, but all right anyway.
So it's just like, it's, it sounds like they're going to need, but you know what though?
To be fair, it is a beta.
All this stuff can be rebalanced.
That being said, in Red Dead Online, or not Red Dead Online, in Grand Theft Auto Online,
the prices of cars have been going up and up and up and up and up.
So yeah, Red and Rockstar did make a lot of money off of Grand Theft Auto Online, so you
know.
All right, well, let's talk about some rumors.
Everybody's favorite thing to get into in this slow news period time of year.
Although no, to be real, I mean the game awards are coming up this next week, so I always
forget how quick and fast they come and they go, right?
Like I feel like we just heard the nominees for these a couple weeks ago, and now it's
like bam, the awards are here.
Which the nominees are not legitimate because Tetris Effect only got one nomination in a
minor category, and that is criminal, I'm sorry.
But all that joking aside, we know that we're going to get some big game reveals at the
game awards.
Yes.
Especially with no PSX this time of year, right?
So there's really, it's kind of open season in December for announcers.
The one I paid attention to was the Russo Brothers are going to be there.
Oh yeah, they're, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
The Avengers, right?
Yes.
So I'm hoping that Avengers game.
Yeah, it would either be the trailer for the fourth movie, but not sure that's the right
place for that.
I think the trailer for the Avengers game would be hot.
I'll take both.
Yeah.
I would, I would say if you're going to bet money, go on, they're not going to do, they're
not going to debut a trailer at a game show.
They're going to debut the game trailer.
Yes.
Yeah.
So anyway, uh, but one of the other big rumors is, uh, something circulating about Mortal
Combat 11.
Now grain of salt, y'all it's from 4chan.
So I completely understand if you want to tell me this is just like the Grinch leak
or whatever.
However, there are some indications based on things like track record, the thoroughness,
some other things in the responses and some things that have collaborated that give it
a few more legs.
And also, I mean, are they going to make a Mortal Combat 11?
You know what?
It's, it's a pretty safe bet that yes, they are going to make a Mortal Combat 11.
When did Mortal Combat 10 or Mortal Combat X, if you will, when did that happen?
That was what?
Back in 2014, 2015?
A little while ago.
It was a few years ago.
So I mean, granted, there was Injustice 2, so it's not like Netherrealm's been sitting
on their butt, but they've been probably pretty busy, you know, working on a Mortal
Combat 11.
So I won't get into too many more of the rumors, but one thing that I did find interesting,
they are talking about some character things, but I think, I think it's A, way too early
to talk about that.
B, who knows what's going to turn up as fucking DLC anyway.
You say a character's not going to be in the game, it'll probably just be DLC later on.
But anyway, um, apparently there will be an adventure mode that will have gameplay similar
to Mortal Combat Shaolin Monks from 2005.
That's kind of interesting.
Sort of like Shaolin Monks.
Yeah, why not?
Why not?
So anyway, we'll see what happens.
We'll find out by this time next week when the Game Awards actually happen.
Now, something that seems a lot more probable when it comes to rumors is because Koei Tecmo
has a new game that they are teasing on a site and they're teasing the unveil as December
6th.
Well, guess what's on December 6th, you guys?
The Game Awards.
So, Koei Tecmo is almost certainly unveiling something for the PlayStation 4 and Switch
with the tagline on the website in Japanese that says, The Faded Battle Begins.
So Dynasty Warriors prequel?
I don't know.
It could be anything.
And I know that this is no surprise to anybody, but apparently, um, well, Conan O'Brien did
a trip in Japan recently and he went to Kojima Productions and they have footage that they're
going to show, but they're not allowed to show it yet.
So until after the Game Awards, oh, God, I'm going to do another Death Stranding tease
the Game Awards.
I think it's going to be another Death Stranding something or other.
Here's the thing.
I know.
You all know where I'm at with this.
You all know where I'm at with this.
Like if all I'm going to say is this game or get out, maybe it's game play.
Great.
Well, they showed gameplay last time.
It's still like running around.
So game or just don't bother.
Don't please don't show up.
I'm sure people are going to see it and love it and eat it up anyway.
And because it is Kojima, I have to cut this some slack because Kojima doesn't really make
bad games.
I mean, he doesn't.
Like and he makes games that unfortunately didn't get finished, but I still would have
loved to play such as Silent Hills.
Anyway, Tigerclaw theorizes is that I bet this new gameplay footage will show another
major celebrity that's in Death Stranding.
Perhaps another cameo might be good.
We'll see.
Anyhow, let's move on with a couple more stories and then we'll get to the classic game of
the week.
Loki.
So apparently a full copy of Super Smash Brothers Ultimate has leaked out two weeks early.
And this was caught online by it's been spreading around against YouTube and Reddit and 4chan.
Basically the hacker who went by the name of J.J. was showing off like some gameplay
and was basically, you know, they had asked to confirm that it was legit and stuff and
basically showing, you know, different specific stages and stuff, whatnot.
Apparently he believes a leak came out online and thinks that it came from a journalist's
early code or a wholesaler that broke street date.
Probably from another country because I know that's a ship and that early anywhere for
this specific reason of breaking street.
But apparently, you know, this has been cast smack down by Nintendo already.
And so be curious to see, though, what's going to be coming out regarding this, you
know, for any more details will leak out.
But really a couple of days away.
So, you know.
Yeah, I know you're a couple of days away from being able to play the game yourself.
It sounds like the thing the thing that would probably be the biggest surprise would be
any more characters, because sometimes in Smash Brothers, like even with this last one
on Wii U and 3DS, we didn't know about Duck Hunt being in there until the game actually
like came out.
And there was there's a few things like that that they kept secret until the game is out.
Well, I will say now so the characters, they have because the leaks don't show any new
characters.
So that's that.
And plus, they found out they could sell new characters through DLC or give them away as
incentives like Piranha Plant.
And that would be a great way to do it.
So I kind of think that.
And it's also like you can't sit here and be like, gosh, Nintendo is really holding
back on characters when they are giving you every single it's not like they cut somebody
to make room and sell it later.
Now, they're giving you everybody from every single game and a few more.
So you really can't say Nintendo's holding back.
OK, so it is what it is.
No secret characters.
But I think there's some things related to story mode.
I won't get into that here, obviously for obvious reasons.
And then the music, the music list is out there, the full music list.
And all I'll say about that is it's it's goddamn impressive.
And it's going to make you wish that like there was just a mode where you could just
turn your little switch into a jukebox and like plug it in your car stereo and drive
down the highway.
That's what the aux cables for.
Yeah, maybe.
Maybe people will do that.
I don't know.
And I'm sure you I don't know graphically what it looks like, but they would be silly
if they didn't just put a mode in there where you just kind of like have your little switch
sitting there with the thing in the back that holds it up and and just have it playing some
music, you know, at your at your next party.
So there you go.
Act Defton chat says the leak apparently originated in Mexico.
Yes, I'd heard that too.
Sounds like a retailer there may have put it out on the shelf.
You know, just not everybody follows the rules and it's not always somebody maliciously trying
to do it.
It's just it may have gone to a bond pop indie store in a country where, you know, I'm sure
most North American, European, the big regions probably all get the rules enforced, you know,
very heavily.
But you start to go to places that maybe don't deal with as many companies on that kind of
stuff and NDA and street days that it was inevitable what was going to happen.
And once it's out there, y'all, it's out there.
Y'all know that.
Yeah.
So there it is.
Smash Brothers is leaking out.
So be careful of leaks.
But again, you're not going to I really I think the story stuff will be some people
things that people want to avoid, but I'm going to admit, I looked at it and I didn't
see anything that made me go, oh, my God.
But I didn't like really read through it with a fine tooth comb either.
Like, I'm just excited to play the game soon.
And honestly, like, I hate that when I phrase it that way, it makes it sound like I don't
care about the game or something.
I really do.
But like the minute they announced every single character will be here and you have this and
this and this and this.
I'm like, this game is going to be a great value.
Like, they don't even need to announce anything else.
It's going to be fine.
Yeah.
So I these spoilers are more of a whatever to me.
All right.
Anyhow, one other story here, and this is about a classic as we start to get into the
classic game of the week.
But Al Lowe, which is a name you may be familiar with as the creator of the Leisure Suit Larry
Games, and he did some of the other classic Sierra titles, too.
He's going to be selling some of his source code for classic Sierra games on eBay.
He did an interview with Metal Jesus Rocks on YouTube.
Never heard of the guy, but all right, go ahead.
And he said in the interview, Al Lowe said, I'm 72 years old and none of my kids want
this junk.
Does anybody?
Isn't that funny how like a lot of times kids like don't want to do the thing that their
parents are into?
Like this happens a lot with celebrities.
Some do like, you know, like Paris Jackson, daughter of Michael Jackson, I think wants
to be an entertainer.
She's kind of going down that path.
But you get a lot of like kids of famous movie stars and stuff that are like, I am perfectly
content being an accountant or being a office manager or be, you know, they, they don't
necessarily need that life.
So I could totally see where Al Lowe's kids are maybe like, that's cool that dad made
this video game that I don't want to make porn games, dad.
I won't do it.
So anyhow, listen son, you're going to make those porn games.
I didn't raise you to be anything like this.
Well now, Loki, you weren't there in that household, so we don't know.
But anyway, all that jokes aside, you can check them out on eBay.
They're all being sold under the same name, Al underscore Lowe.
What is currently being sold there, the source code for Leisure Suit Larry one and Leisure
Suit Larry two, which I think either one is going to set you at least $8,000.
To be clear, you are not buying the intellectual property rights to the game.
Somebody else has that right now because new Leisure Suit Larry games are coming out.
You are not buying the rights to compile this and mass produce it.
You don't have those sorts of rights.
You are getting the source code.
That's what you're getting.
And you know, but it could be a really cool little way to get some insight, especially
if you're like into that stuff.
I really, you know, I know there's some gaming museums and gaming preservation societies.
I hope some of them have the coin to throw in for this because I bet it would be really
fascinating if we could get that.
Word is, and Bobby was getting into this on his show, is that right now, as of right now,
it could change by the end, but as of right now, the highest bidder is the company that
owns the rights currently.
That's an interesting little twist, isn't it?
So since they own the rights, they would be able to take said source code and re-put out
the game and maybe put it, I don't fucking know, on mobile or whatever they want to do
with it, which is probably what would happen.
Who knows?
Don't quote me.
But it would be interesting to see if that's how it turns out.
I would love it though, if one of these like retro preservation societies, but it is a
lot of money and, you know, those societies run on donations, a lot of labor of love there.
Not a lot of people making money off that.
So they just may not be able to afford it unless a very kind donor steps out to do that.
So anyway, if you want to check that out, there's a whole little thing on YouTube and
you can check more.
It's all over the Internet right now.
And again, the current bids over at Al underscore low.
So as of the recording of the show Sunday night at about 730 Pacific time, $8,400 for
the source code to Leisure Suit Larry 2, excuse me, $8401.
Source code to Leisure Suit Larry 1, $9,201.
There's some other collectibles he's selling as well, including, I don't know how this
BAPA bet is going through for $10,000 because it's extremely rare.
That's going for more than the source code, go figure, but he's selling some other little
things here and there too.
So interesting.
So yeah, hopefully again, somebody will be able to come up with a coin to buy that source
code and preserve it.
All right, but for now, let's talk about, let's talk about other games that might need
some preserving.
And so we go to the classic game of the week.
And so we take a step through the portal of radio magic to a simpler time and simpler
games.
It's the classic game of the week.
And joining us on the Skypline tonight is Dark Sakura.
Oh, hi.
Hi, how are you doing?
I'm okay.
Good.
It's good to have you here.
What's that?
Been busy.
You've been putting stuff together for the show behind the scenes.
It has been busy.
We did, we went on a little friend date yesterday and we did some stuff for the big studio changeover
or makeover, whatever you want to call it, and the Twitch stuff.
And then we went out to food and that was good.
And there were so many leftovers.
I believe you're eating them now, right?
I am.
I finally all by myself finished off the wonton soup.
Congrats.
Good job.
Good job.
All right.
I want our listeners to step into the gaming vault like you do every week and curl up with
some nice hot soup in this winter weather and play, I guess, a scary game this week,
Dark Sakura.
What is the classic game of the week?
The classic game of the week is a game called Sweet Home.
And I don't think a lot of people might have heard about it because while it's a neat game,
it's based off of a kind of obscure movie.
Sweet Home was a ghost movie that came out in Japan that was about a team of filmmakers
who wanted to run a documentary about an artist who had lived there and he died, but it turned
out that the house was, of course, haunted in true Japanese ghost story fashion.
So the game is based on the movie, but the game director, who is a Fujiwara Tokuro, he
got complete permission to tour the film sets to inspire him for the game, and then
the film director said he could take liberties with the script.
So it actually was an expansion of the story in a little bit.
The game came out in December 1989 only in Japan.
It actually had some really good reception, and it was even called Better Than the Film,
which how often does that happen for a video game tie-in?
Like never.
I always say, we never get video games that are better than the movie.
I'm trying to think if there's others.
It's very rare.
It's very rare.
Very rare.
Yeah.
But at any rate, the game never did come out in the West just because it really did have
some pretty, at the time, gruesome imagery, and of course also RPGs weren't very popular
outside of Japan in the late 80s.
But the game itself, it's very significant because of what it led to as well.
Fujiwara Tokuro also had worked on Ghosts and Goblins in the arcade, so he already had
that little bit of a finger into the pool of scary.
So the big thing about this game is that it really did, and I'll get to the games that
get really inspired later on because that's a big part of it, but lots of different things
came in in the game, including the use of quick time events, inventory management, ghost
story, and the Metroidvania-style exploration gameplay.
On top of that, it also had like story switching, or more like character switching.
So basically, in the game, you are in this intricate mansion, and you have five playable
characters, and they were all characters in the movie, but each character has the unique
item that is necessary to finish the game, including a camera, a lighter, a medical kit,
a lock pit, and a vacuum cleaner.
Okay, the vacuum cleaner actually belongs to a painting restoration person, like to
vacuum up glass, you know, like a little vacuum cleaner.
But, I mean, in the nutshell, the game is where these people are, like I said, are going
in to explore a house that was left abandoned so they could see the last works of this great
artist who died, and of course, ghosts.
But getting back into it, you've also got, you know, different puzzles to solve, inventory
management, survival horror, one of the early survival horror games, and you have to backtrack
to other locations to solve puzzles with items you acquire later in this giant mansion.
Hint, hint.
And the mansion eventually grows, like you know how when you go through Metroid, you
get a different area, that's how the mansion works.
You have random enemies, and you either fight or run away.
You can also pray, but you get different types of enemies, like zombies and ghosts and dolls.
And the only way that you can restore your health is by getting conics in the mansion.
The story does have some cinematic cut scenes, you know, for an NES game at the time, and
you can pick up notes like secret messages and diary entries that tell you more of the story.
Now, with the game, you have different traps that you have to settle itself really quickly
or else you die, or the character dies.
And then when a character dies, they remain dead permanently in the game, like permanent death.
There's no bringing them back.
Yikes.
But the items that have their power is left to be used by somebody else.
So like for example, if the nurse Akiko dies, then the team will find pill bottles that
can be used to heal ailments, so different things like that.
And depending on how many characters are alive after you defeat the final boss, you get different
endings depending on, you know, it's up to five endings depending on how many people you live.
But so basically, the movie itself, 30 years prior to the game, so like in 1959, this artist
named Maemiya Ichiro, I'm sorry, I cannot pronounce his name tonight, had different
frescoes that were in his mansion before he disappeared or died.
And so the present day, these five documentary filmmakers are going in to recover the paintings
in his mansion, but they find that this ghost of an unknown woman wants to kill them.
Turns out the ghost was his wife and their two year old fell into the incinerator and
died there and had to be fed like the corpses of other children to be happy and bringing
him playmates by killing other children and that she killed herself and all this stuff.
This is a wonderful holiday selection, Dark Sakura.
Of course it is.
So now here is the reason why the game is important.
Like I said, it was directed by Fujiwara Tokuro, and he had worked on Ghosts and Goblins on
Commando, Violet Commando, Mega Man 2 and Strider.
Um, now there's more that goes to this is that, um, the ideas that came into this game
eventually made it into another game called Biohazard.
Where do we know Biohazard from?
Uh, Resident Evil 7 is called Biohazard.
Well, the first Resident Evil was called Biohazard in Japan.
I know, I was just setting you up.
Yeah, anyway, um, it was, the first Biohazard was supposed to be a remake of Sweet Home.
Um, it was directed by, uh, Mikami Shinji with Fujiwara acting as the producer.
And he thought that, you know, there were so many things he wanted to do in Sweet Home
that there would be the, um, you know, the ability to do this now on the PlayStation.
And of course also came out on Saturn, but Capcom no longer had the rights to Sweet Home.
So they created a new universe and that's where Biohazard came from.
And so in all of the Biohazard games, it has, um, like elements that were introduced in Sweet Home.
So like, for example, um, the first Resident Evil is supposed to be, um, first person battle
perspective, but then that got changed because of how the game had to go.
But it had like, you know, the mansion with the layout, getting the story through notes, multiple endings,
depending on who survives, you know, the imagery, the door loading sequences, puzzles, backtracking,
all of this, you know, having to use a lockpick and a lighter, you know, and then in the later games,
Resident Evil 0, um, let you switch between characters and draw up items for the other characters,
which you could do in Sweet Home.
Um, the quick time events, you know, showed up in Resident Evil 4 and after Resident Evil 7 even has
some story elements, including the film crew going to an abandoned house with a paranormal female
presence in the house.
So, you know, tragic stories.
And it also, um, apparently plays homage to Sweet Home and a side story told through a VHS tape.
So it, it was really, you know, that just kept going on and on and on.
And so it's just funny to see how even today, those elements are still going on in the current
Resident Evil franchise.
And so there you go.
The game is Sweet Home.
Sweet Home for the Famicom, because it wasn't really released here officially in the US anyway,
but fan, fan translations are available because this is the internet.
They are out there.
Um, and I gotta say, yeah, like,
I don't know, maybe, maybe we should like do a take turn stream of this game.
Yeah, that might be fun because like, yeah, I mean, so much depth to this game, which was on the NES.
I mean, you're talking about a lot of concepts like, uh, endings based on who lives and who dies.
Like that was Until Dawn was very famous for that very recently.
Um, you know, a lot of these other games like the quick time events and things.
And, um, yeah, when I'm, when I'm kind of watching, cause I, I was not very familiar with this game
until I knew you were going to pick it and I kind of, kind of looked up some stuff on it and, uh, it
looks like, especially like in the overhead and when they're kind of walking around, it looks a lot
like to me, and this is another obscure pick, but Ultima 4 Quest of the Avatar is kind of like what it looks like.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But then it's got like all this, yeah, this whole different element to it.
Yeah.
The way the menus work and the perspective and everything really looks like Ultima 4 to me.
But yeah, kind of neat.
But it was, you know, and the funny thing is, is that now that I think about it, you remember I said
that when I was younger, I had a Japanese friend who had a Famicom.
Yeah.
I think my friend owns this game.
Nice.
Well, you should, uh,
never played it, but I remember the box.
Yeah.
That's awesome.
Well, there it is again, your game of the week, sweet home on the Famicom.
Good choice, Jamie, educating the listeners tonight.
Although I don't know, I might've done it in October, but, uh, she does it her way here on OLR.
I do what I want.
That's right.
By the way, I will be on the show next week.
Hooray.
I was going to say Dark Soccer's favorite Christmas movie, Krampus.
No, it's Gremlins.
Thank you.
Oh, sorry.
I was, I, at least you can go with Die Hard, which I think is now like the cliche answer.
Everybody says Die Hard's a favorite Christmas movie.
That's a cliche.
You know, I'm not, this may be blasphemy.
I'm not really the biggest fan of Die Hard.
Oh my.
All right.
Well, I'm sure, I'm sure you'll get some hate mail in our discord.
That's all right.
Uh, you know what, if you just, I will say that to my dying day, be mad about it.
Die mad about it while playing sweet home on the Famicom.
All right, there it is.
We got to get back to the studio for this week, but we'll see you in studio next week.
Uh, Dark Sakura, any final parting thoughts for our listeners?
Next week is Hanukkah.
You know what that means?
Latkes.
Oh boy, cooking with a Dark Sakura on the show next week.
I look forward to it though.
That's always fun.
She she's done that before.
I asked those of you that are newer to Orange Launch Radio.
She has, she has cooked latkes, this Hanukkah celebration live on the show before.
So I look forward to that, honestly.
So applesauce to all that good stuff.
So looking forward to that next week.
And again, those of you, I think I said this earlier in the show, but those of you
that are celebrating Hanukkah with the first night tonight, um, uh, hope you're
having a happy celebration and all that good stuff.
Um, yeah, I'll be excited to have Dark Sakura here, here next week.
It's a bummer she won't be here the first week that we make the Twitch move, but it is what it is.
So I have to figure out how video magic is going to work.
Cause I don't, I, well, the short answer is I don't think it's going to.
But I'll have to do something a little different.
You could just put like, you know how like they have, uh, well you set up your overlays
and everything, so you could just have, you know, have the video and then put
like a different sticker over her.
No, I, I think, well, I think she's going to be more open to doing some video stuff
with, uh, that we have, we put a picture of Dr.
Claw.
I actually love that idea.
I really do think Jamie should be like Dr.
Claw or something where she's like, you know, partially hidden, except like them nails or something.
Or I think we were joking in the car the other night about wigs that she had.
Cause she was saying she was going to be Sia and just have like a giant wig that she wears.
And then I was like, Ooh, you get to expand your wig collection though.
She's like, Ooh, I like this idea.
So who knows?
We might have Jamie in drag every week.
Who knows?
But, uh, all seriousness, I think the easy answer, which I'm sure a lot of you, I'm not even looking at
chat at the moment.
The easy answer is it'll probably be the audio still, but maybe with footage of said game running behind the
audio would make an awful lot of sense.
Wouldn't it?
Low key.
Yeah.
So I think, I think that'll probably be the direction it goes in.
All right.
Uh, if, if I can pull it all off, we'll see the deadline is fast approaching.
To register participation for this week's episode of orange challenge radio at
vognetwork.com use the pass phrase drum.
All right.
Meanwhile, let's get into some rapid fire news and talk about some other things going on in the industry this week.
Yeah.
So it's a little bit of a tease, but, um, apparently finally the PVP, uh, trainer battles are going to be coming to Pokemon
go.
So they've been teasing some stuff, um, through Twitter, uh, talking about how there's different classes of Pokemon.
You'll build a battle and stuff.
Um, just not exactly knowing when that's going to happen yet.
Maybe after this event, who knows?
Um, but soon because they are teasing it.
So we'll have to wait and see.
Um, then of course, you know, as referenced earlier, elder scrolls blade has been delayed to early 2019.
And so they announced this via Twitter, Bethesda did.
Um, so we'll have to wait and see what happens to that.
Maybe it just needs some more time to polish those canvas bags in the game.
Womp womp.
Yeah.
So that's it.
That's it.
Sorry for ruining that story a little bit earlier.
My bad.
Oh, no, that's all right.
Are you looking forward to the trainer battles and Pokemon go?
No, I think people need to lower their expectations because people are like, Oh, finally we'll get to battle.
Like we do in the game boy games.
Nope.
Nope.
No, you won't.
I'm going to tell you right now.
Don't assume the gym battles, but it's just another person instead.
Yeah.
It's ding, ding, ding, ding.
That is exactly how it's going to be.
So it's going to be broken somehow who can tap, who can dodge.
Maybe the dodging will actually be important.
Like that'll be a thing that is like actually important now, but honestly like, do not, do not suddenly think it's going to become the game boy that the, you know why?
Because the game they want you to buy to do those types of battles is Pokemon gen eight, which is all but confirmed for next holiday, assuming it's done.
So yeah, get just these pie in the sky ideas about what PVP is going to be.
Nope.
It's it'll be, let's, let's go melt and that's right.
Y Y R in chat says it's rock, paper, scissors, and you're going to like it.
Yup.
All right.
Moving on talking about, uh, uh, some other stories like PlayStation plus and free games for December.
Uh, the PlayStation plus free games for December are going to include Soma and on rush on the PlayStation four and sounds good.
Yeah.
Stera den and Stein's gate on the PlayStation three and the Vita has crossover with iconic class.
That's a cross by things.
You also get that on PS four and then the indie runaway hit papers, please, which if you've never played, that is really worth a look.
Uh, papers pleases is a pretty cool little game.
I like that.
I need to do a stream of that sometime.
I need to go back and visit some indie classics.
Uh, anyhow, uh, as far as Xbox live and the games with gold go on Xbox one, you can look forward to cube.
Two from December 1st to the 31st and a game called never alone from December 16th, January 15th.
That was that game that, um, you played like, um, um, a little girl and she's like, um, got this spirit animal with her and stuff that she kind of walks around with.
And I'm sorry, I don't remember all the details of this game.
It's a very artistic kind of adventure game.
It's, it was, it was pretty good.
What little bits I saw of it.
So I think that'll be another one.
It's kind of similar to papers, please.
One of those smaller games that you'll have a chance to look at all over again.
Um, thanks to this and on the Xbox three 60.
And remember these games are compatible backwards compatible with Xbox one.
The second half of a month goes, uh, mercenaries playground of destruction from December 16th to the 31st.
But the first half of the month, dragon age two, it's a pretty big one there.
So yeah, that'll be pretty cool.
I like mercenaries.
Yeah.
Y Y R commenting about never alone in our chat room at live.vognetware.com says the game is based on an Alaskan native tribe and never alone that is.
Yeah, I thought, I thought it was native culture based, but I wasn't a hundred percent sure.
So I don't want to say that, but thank you for confirming what I was kind of thinking in the back of my head.
Uh, talking about rockstar and, uh, them walking away from a trademark.
Uh, they had trademarked the term agent for a game some time ago, but they walked away from that trademark.
Uh, that trademark is now going to be irrelevant.
It was this game that was expected to come out on PlayStation three, like an exclusive or something a long time ago.
You would have still thought that they might've held onto the assets or try to make something out of it.
Like even, even blizzard salvaged Titan and made overwatch out of it, which, you know, ended up being a huge hit.
Well, they're made too much money on grand theft auto.
I guess so.
Yeah.
All right.
Anyhow, uh, yeah, it was supposed to be, Oh, I guess it actually was announced at E3 2009.
It was going to be a PlayStation three exclusive, but didn't really, uh, end up going anywhere past that bummer.
So that's it for that rockstar trademark.
So if you want to make a game called agent, you might have the opportunity.
All right, let's travel around the world and check out what's coming out in stores this week, starting with the U S Loki.
Well, we've got quite a few things coming out this week.
So let's start off with Gwent, the Witcher card game on PlayStation four and Xbox one just cause four on PC PlayStation four and Xbox one.
Monster boy in the curse kingdom on the PC switch PlayStation four, Xbox one.
Mutant year zero road to Eden on PlayStation four, Xbox one and PC override mech city brawl on PC PlayStation four and Xbox one persona three dancing in the moonlight on PlayStation four and Vita persona for dancing all night on PlayStation four and persona five dancing in starlight on PlayStation four and Vita.
We have subnautica on PlayStation four and Xbox one throne breaker, the Witcher tales, two Witcher games in one week.
How fancy on PlayStation four and Xbox one, the last remnant remastered on PlayStation four.
Katamari Damacy reroll on PC and the switch.
I'm totally getting that on PC because of mods and mods, mods, mods.
Uh, path of exile and PlayStation four pub G forgot.
That was the thing that was happening.
Yeah.
Pub G on PlayStation four, um, super smash brothers ultimate on switch.
You don't say, and then also is ultimate, but not until the week after, but I'm going to tell you anyways, because I'm looking forward to earth defense force five PlayStation, which you'll just be reading every, I'll just read it again next week.
That's fine.
That's fine.
That's fine.
That's it.
All right.
Uh, let's talk about what's happening in Japan, uh, over on the PlayStation four Capcom is putting out a Capcom belt action collection.
I think that is their version of the, uh, what do they call it here?
Uh, it's all there, like side scrolling fighting games, all in one collection.
What the hell did they call it here?
The fighting or fighting game collection or something, although it's not, but it's not collection.
Yeah.
Beat them up or something like that, but they're getting their version of that this week.
It's the one that has, um, Oh God, like I think it was it final fight.
Isn't that captain commando, captain commando, those, all those stuff you already downloaded on Mame a long time ago, but now you do the round.
Oh, here we go.
Yeah.
Final fight.
Knights of the round, king of dragons, battle circuit.
It's all that stuff.
So, uh, which that collection is already out in dinosaurs.
I don't know if that one's there.
Yeah.
All right.
Uh, also coming out, just cause four gets this Japanese release this week.
Mantis burn rising fighting ex layer.
And, uh, that is it on the sixth.
But of course they also, if we go over to the Nintendo switch, they are also getting their version of super smash brothers ultimate on the seventh, same day that we are.
Um, so, uh, also coming out in Japan though, Sid Meier civilization six, which I still have to pick up on the switch.
I heard somebody, I think target or somebody is having a sale on that coming up.
So, which I think Bobby is okay when it's not an indie developer that I'm okay to seize, especially if I bought the game before, you know, if I'm buying the six for the second time, I think I'm allowed to take advantage of a discount.
I think I will be, uh, have to look into that.
But anyway, in Japan, it's coming out for the first time on December the sixth and that same Capcom collection is coming out in, uh, the switch on the switch, uh, for, uh, this week as well, December the sixth.
Uh, also lastly, but not leastly, a cute little game on the switch.
Don't let smash brothers take your eyes off of a game called little friends, dogs, and cats.
That's right.
Little friends, dogs, and cats is also coming out on the switch this week.
You know what this game is?
It's just fucking Nintendogs except Nintendo didn't make it.
A company called Imagineer made it, but like looking at the screenshots and all this stuff, it's Nintendo.
Well, you're not fucking the Nintendogs, but yes, it is a Nintendogs and Nintendcats basically.
Which kind of begs the question, Nintendo did kind of let that one go, didn't they?
They didn't, they didn't bring that back for switch, did they?
Somebody thought this would be a good idea to put out, at least in Japan.
Probably my guess would be because it's mostly touch screen controls and that would be difficult to do.
Yeah.
I mean, they do have like the touch screen stuff sort of like, because this console is a home console, not just a portable console, then they're like, yeah, no.
You're right.
And Nintendo probably doesn't want to do anything like that first party.
There are some games, like what, Vaas, that you can only play with the touch screen.
You can't even like play it docked.
So there are some games that lock out certain types of modes.
Like remember when Blaster Master Zero first came out, you couldn't use the pro controller.
You can now, they fixed that mighty quick, but you couldn't like the first week or so.
So, you know, there's, there's still some weird oddity stuff, but I don't think Nintendo themselves, you're right, because that game was very highly touch controlled.
They're probably just not interested in revisiting it on the switch.
And they're letting third party companies do it.
Well, at least right now, it's maybe, it might be something that comes out later on, but yeah.
Oh, and ActDeft corrects me in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com saying Vaas now allows for TV play.
So they changed that at some point.
Thank you for the update.
I actually was not aware of that.
Very cool.
I might have to check that out now because I play a lot of, I know a lot of you guys are like, I play everything in switch portable mode, but like, no, I play most of my stuff docked.
Like once in a while, like, especially if I'm on a flight or something, I use the, the portable mode, but I kind of prefer a docked mode whenever possible.
So, all right.
Well, how about the UK Loki with Dark Soccer not being here?
Uh, we have Just Cause 4 coming out on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, Override Mech City Brawl on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, Gear Club Unlimited 2 on the Switch,
The Council Complete Edition on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, Hellblade Sensua's Sacrifice on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One,
Persona 3 and 5, The Endless Night Collection, Persona 3, Dancing in the Moonlight, and Persona 5, Dancing in the Starlight, all on PlayStation 4.
Why do you have Gear Club Unlimited listed twice?
Whatever, they're releasing it twice in the same day, so that's the thing.
Then, of course, I know you're going to be, um, super excited about this, but of course they have the Fallout 76 merchandise, which is releasing as well.
And the PlayStation Classic is coming out, which I think is also coming out over here in North America as well next week, but it's not technically a game release.
Uh, Jagged Alliance Rage on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, PC, Super Smash Bros. Ultimate on the Switch,
Hello Neighbor Hide and Seek on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and the Switch, Subnautica on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One,
and finally, we have the GameCube accessory for the Switch, and that is coming out, I'm assuming, as well, over here.
But, hey, I don't normally list accessories, but game does, apparently.
Alright, fair enough.
Alright, um, this is the part of the show where we would open up the mailbag!
If we had any emails. Of course, we didn't get any this week, but you can always send in more emails to participate at orangelandrater.com,
and Loki, since we didn't get any emails this week, uh, let's talk about RuPaul's Drag Race All-Stars 4.
Okay, I have no idea.
Oh, you don't know? Okay, so, here's the thing. Kind of a controversial move for All-Stars.
They're bringing two queens back from All-Stars 1, but here's the thing, Loki.
All-Stars 1 was a flop, because what they did, they were only budgeted for six episodes of RuPaul's Drag Race.
Like, I don't know who budgets the six. Like, this isn't the UK. Our seasons are much longer.
It's like they're, like, budgeting for canvas bags, and then they make nylon bags.
Exactly. That's what, that's, that's perfect. RuPaul's Drag Race All-Stars 1 was a nylon bag.
RuPaul's Drag Race All-Stars 2 was a canvas bag. So the big, the big, uh, controversy was that they,
they paired up queens. So it was that they had, had to have charisma, uniqueness, nerve, and talent,
and synergy, because they were working in teams.
Synergy? What is this? Fucking, uh, Pacific Rim or something?
There's, there's a joke there with the acronym, Loki. Just think about it for a minute. Anyway.
So, uh, anyway, so they were playing in teams, and so it caused, like, all sorts of, like,
weird shit to happen. So one of the teams, Latrilla, which is Latrice Royale. You heard
of Latrice Royale? She's great. And, uh, get those nuts out of my face. That's Latrice Royale.
And Manila Luzon, who, if you ever, if you, you know, if you're gonna watch any lip sync
from RuPaul's Drag Race, watch MacArthur Park, because, uh, Manila Luzon does a great job.
They are coming back. So even though they were in All-Stars 1, they're also gonna be in All-Stars 4,
but now it runs by the new rules, which is where the queens kind of eliminate each other.
They get to pick from the bottom three, whoever wins the lip sync for your legacy, legacy, legacy.
So anyway, Loki, uh, going into RuPaul's Drag Race All-Stars 4, I am super rooting for Monique
Hart. She's one of my absolute faves. That was from season 10. Okay. That's like a Monique
Hart thing. Uh, she was in season 10 and she was brilliant, even if she committed the cardinal sin
in my eyes of not knowing the lyrics to a Carly Rae Jepsen song when she had a lip sync for her
life. So I'm hoping she gets her redemption this time. Now she got a little more coin.
She'll be able to make some more outfits and yeah, that's, that's why I'm rooting for in this,
but I think a lot of people probably rooting for like Latrice. She's an insanely popular queen.
Honestly, there really aren't like any bad queens in this. And I'm, I'm very much not a person to
talk down about drag queens. Uh, so even people like Valentina, Farrah Moan, I want to see them
do well. So, all right, there you go. Yes. Thank you in chat. Act F says reading is fundamental,
people also writing. So send your email next week to participate at orange lounge, radio.com,
unless you want Rob Roberts to run down the RuPaul's holiday special, because that is going
to be a thing in the next week as well. We get super smash brothers. And a RuPaul's drag race
holiday special in the same day, like December 7th is too much to handle. I'm just saying,
all right, let's get into some more gaming news Loki. And so this is kind of just an
evanability, I guess, basically. So with all these loot box controversies going on, and of course,
we have overseas, you know, where the Belgium government has cracked down on loot boxes,
and this whole report that came out of the UK, I believe, talking about gambling and
young children getting into gambling, thanks to you, you know, the loot boxes being kind of
very similar. So now, that all leads to this, where the Federal Trade Commission has said that
they're going to be investigating loot boxes, regarding, you know, how they affect, you know,
children and gambling, and whether this is something that should be regulated like gambling.
So according to, I guess, they had Senator Maggie Hassan, who apparently spoke out about
loot boxes, and I guess the FTC chairman, Joseph Simmons, they addressed, you know,
I guess everybody to basically let them know, hey, this is something we're gonna be looking into,
because, you know, like those reports that came out of the Great Britain's Gambling Commission,
they said, you know, given that the seriousness of the issue, I think it's time for the FTC to
investigate these mechanisms to ensure that children are being adequately protected to,
and to educate parents about potential addiction or other negative impacts of these games.
And then they said, would you commit, you know, Hassan said, would you commit to undertaking this
project and keeping this committee informed about it? And they said, yes. And they didn't really go
into any additional details on what they're gonna do, but it is something that they're gonna be
looking at. And I can imagine not so good for the gaming industry because, you know, they've
been kind of getting away with a lot. And of course, you know, the ESA came out against this
saying, you know, hey, they're not gambling and this is not, you know, this, whatever, but you
know what, it's, it's either- Now would be a good time to just let the loot box thing go, y'all.
Now would be a good time. Well, the problem is like, they just, you know-
Unless you're a free to play mobile game, I kind of, I kind of think when the game is free to play,
then all bets are on. That's a pun. All bets are on, yeah.
But like, look at like Fallout 76 again, you know, you have a $60 game that's broken as shit,
and then they're still trying to sell microtransactions on top of all this stuff.
That's not necessarily a loot box, but with the whole thing, and one of the thoughts I heard
online was that the way that they designed their leveling system with the card, basically you
unlock like a card pack in like bubblegum, it's almost like, you know, trading cards,
and each of the special cards add different perks to your abilities based on which ones you use at
a time, but they're all randomized and sometimes you get duplicates. And they said that the way
that that's designed is almost like they were going to monetize that system as a loot box,
but then decided not to at the, you know, in the end. But it's something that if like,
say for example, Fallout 76 just did very, very, very poorly and just kept, you know,
sales not working out, maybe the game goes free to play, and then that could be something that
they monetize on top of it. Interesting perspective from one of our listeners
in chat, because this is a show where every gamer has a voice over at live.vognetwork.com.
Kaijuto said, I'm going to have to get that out. You know how hard that's going to be to get that
out of my vocabulary? When I keep saying live.vognetwork.com, I'm going to have to say,
yeah, Twitch TV over to it. Anyway, that's going to be the hardest part about the transition is
Twitch chat room. I know it's going to be different. All right. Anyway,
but for now it's still a big sign that says, say Twitch, not live. I'm going to need that
like big reminder. Don't fuck up, Rob. Anyway, Kaijuto says dump the loot boxes. It's not
gambling. It's just a con job. Gambling would be spending money to win money. I believe getting
prizes for money is like the carnival. That's not gambling, but it is some call that like the
ticket spitters at like Chuck E Cheese or whatever you want, Dave and Busters. Some people call that
gambling for kids. Well, it's basically, it's not that it's actual gambling, but the, I mean,
sometimes it can be so like in, in the, when you're talking about like, you know, um, skins
in like counter strike go, for example, when you could be able to turn those around and sell them
for real money, you know, that is actually kind of gambling because you you're getting something
that's worth something that you can sell for something, um, and actually make real money
off of. Whereas like a lot of the loot boxes, that's kind of how they've skirted around it
before is because it's not technically gambling, but you know, the chance of getting things like
that in the, the draw to like, Oh, maybe I'll get something, you know, good this time. Or they kind
of tease you with, Oh, you got a rare item or something like that. It still gives you the same,
your body goes through the same kind of chemical, um, changes that you would with like gambling,
where you still feel that like impulse to keep doing it, keep playing it. And so it's not that
you necessarily get a reward. I don't know anything about that says the guy who spent
an undetermined amount of money in Vegas. I broke even, okay. I, I won like $120 the first night.
I'm not even kidding. I won. And then I, I broke even it's just, it's like, you know, um,
it's just a lot of things. There's a lot of things that could be for chance, you know,
like these skin packs and stuff and, and they can say all they want about how, Oh, it's not gambling.
It's not gambling. It's not gambling, but there's people that are like, you know,
I've spent thousands of dollars on this because I can't stop doing this. Or, you know, I have
a problem with gambling and I play games to get away from gambling. And then this is,
you know, trying to bring me back into it. I feel the same urge that I had when I was gambling
that I do now with these loot boxes, there are people that have said that this is what they do
as an escape is they play games and now it's coming back. I would love to invite like a
psychologist or psychiatrist or, or some therapist, somebody who kind of knows maybe a little more
about these types of issues, like the gambling addiction issues, who, who is savvy enough to
know what gaming loot boxes are and things to really kind of get into that side of the issue.
I bet that'd be fascinating to really kind of, cause like all that stuff you're talking about,
I totally whole thing is a scam. It's a scam. If it was not a scam, it would just be,
you pay X amount of money for X item. And that's it. The whole reason that there's
chance is because there's a chance that you're not going to get what you want.
And they know what chance that is because they set the up and they know what the odds are,
but they're not telling me they just need to be transparent with the odds. And that's how
we're going to get through this whole thing. Or just get rid of him. All right. All right.
Anyhow, uh, moving on to, uh, a new TV series that is kind of based on gaming. And this is
very interesting because the TV series that has been optioned by legendary, which, you know,
they make some pretty big movies or legendary pictures. You see that logo. They've been a lot
of good stuff. Um, there for television, not a movie, but television has opted a limited
series based on console wars. This was a book that talked about Sega and Nintendo in the 90s,
which a lot of y'all lived, right? A lot of y'all have feelings on this.
Well, I used to know, uh, I was, uh, colleagues, I guess, with, um, a guy who he works for an
independent, um, distributor. Now he used to do like a bunch of these, um, smaller games, like,
um, one of the games he was distributing in the U S and like Mexico area was, um, the farming
simulator games and that kind of stuff. But he originally worked for Sega and he worked during
their launch for, I think it was the Genesis or it was the Genesis or the dream casters.
Some, some, I think it was the Genesis and he was telling us stories about like how they were
just marketing plans and stuff like that. And some of those stories are really interesting,
just like how, you know, by the seat of their pants type of stuff they were doing. So
I would be very interested in seeing something like that.
Now, some of the names behind this effort, uh, this is point gray pictures. They make a show on
AMC called preacher. It's kind of a big show. You probably heard of that one. Uh, and some of the
names at point gray, Evan Goldberg, James Weaver, Seth Rogan, believe it or not one of the names
there. So, uh, not to say that like Seth Rogan is going to star in this or anything, cause I don't
even know if it would be like more documentary style or if it's going to be like fiction,
you know, that kind of portrays, you know, cause we've seen that before. We've seen fictional
accounts of big historical kind of things like, you know, in a, in a movie such as like my
favorite historically accurate film, Abraham Lincoln, vampire hunter, right. Which is based
on a book. Maybe not so much that, but like, I'm kidding. I'm kidding. When we were looking
to watch stuff, they had one, it was about like, um, it was Michael Keaton in that, like, um,
the McDonald, like the origin, like McDonald's or something like that. I forget what that was
called. There's some new movie coming out where, uh, uh, uh, Batman guy, why can't, oh my God,
Christian Bale, right? Yeah. Who, who, who plays Batman? Like give me about my son,
but it's more like, you know, he's got that voice. So Christian Bale is playing Dick Cheney in some
movie. It's kind of like that, like that kind of thing. Yeah. Right. So anyway, so we don't know,
we don't know if it's fiction or documentary or where the hell we're going, they're going with
it, but we'll see. Uh, also the producers behind the movie annihilation, which I don't think was
a huge hit at the box office, but people that saw it, I thought enjoyed it. So I don't know,
but anyway, uh, some of the producers there on this as well. So it'll be interesting to see what
comes to this, you know, um, a lot of television and, you know, this is a topic that's probably
much bigger than OLR. Um, a lot of, um, uh, television is getting more cinematic, you know,
and I think a lot of this was really, um, kind of summed up when, remember the Twin Peaks limited
series from last year, which I was a huge fan of. That's no secret, right? Cause I love, uh,
Twin Peaks. I loved it back in the day and I was so happy at the new one, but that, that series
ended up on like a French best film list and it ended up somewhere else as a best film list too.
And people were like, but it's not a movie, it's a TV show. But at the same time, it was actually
one giant script that was simply cut into episodes to be aired on TV. So those lines between what is
film, what is television are getting more and more blurred as I think this streaming culture
is causing more and more cinematic television to be produced. It's really fascinating. Yeah. Yeah.
So anyway, that, that is really a discussion for another show, but it's just, you know,
I think it kind of just plays into all that. Cause I think that kind of shows you that this,
this is probably something that's going to be built for one of the streaming platforms for sure.
So we'll see anyhow. Um, moving on Loki. All right. So one game that did start off like
fallout 76, but is now much better. No man's sky has yet another update that they, um,
released relatively, uh, recently, I think it was actually not too long ago. They had, um,
kind of like a community update. So with it, um, they had these new looks like,
are these, uh, communication stations where you can send messages, I think across,
I don't know if it's across like the galaxy or whatever, but they had like,
you can actually do audio messages as well. I think hopefully these communication modules
aren't going to be, um, all trash. Fuck you asshole. Whoever gets this. Um,
but they, of course, you know, new updates, different plant life that they added in the game.
Um, yeah, but I like all these new updates. I really need to go back and play this. I've
actually, I was looking at almost getting on PC again. And I want to go back into it for the
third time. Cause you know, I was Bobby black Wolf and I, when we were getting more into streaming,
we're kind of going back and forth on the no man's sky remake. And we were like, what happens if I
build a base on this world and you build a base here and we're kind of like figuring all that out.
And now it's like, even since then. So that kind of died off. Cause we just kind of, I don't know,
all too many other games came out cause it was that time of year. And now it's like, shit,
they're giving us more reasons to go back and look again. But I love it. I love it. This is what
a game should be. It was the visions. That's what it was. So they have this event, a community event.
They went along with that as well. And so basically you're allowing, um, people to like share
messages across the galaxy and stuff. Oh cool. So we can, we can have like a VOG community.
Maybe. I don't know exactly how it works. If you, if it's like the, you can like leave behind,
like say like you go to someone's planet and then leave a message or if it actually you can kind of
already do that. If I'm not mistaken, you could make like a, well, you could put a message at
your base. So you'd like build a base and have a message there. And I thought you could leave like
a sign that had a message. I mean, my memory's a little sketchy. Maybe. Yeah. So interesting.
I'd be into that. That'd be cool. All right. Uh, anyhow, um, games that are also getting updates,
but not for much longer. Splatoon 2, shout out to Flaco Jones. Cause I know he loves Splatoon
2 and does a lot of streams. Uh, sadly though, Splatoon 2 is looking at its last content update,
but I mean, it's been like a year and a half since Splatoon 2 came out and they've been doing
regular updates. So it had to end sometime. So anyway, version 4.3.0, uh, is coming out on
December 5th and, uh, it's not like the biggest update in the world, but they are going to be
doing, uh, a new bomb defense up DX, which is, I guess, a replacement for the bomb defense up
and cold blooded abilities. Um, so yeah, there's just, you know, they're going to have some new
gear abilities and a few new weapons as well, but don't look at for any like gigantic stuff.
Um, but there is something called main power up as well, which will allow you to enhance
the performance of your main weapon. It will vary considerably from weapon to weapon. Um,
there'll also be, uh, just, you know, some different looking weapons and stuff that you
can kind of check out in the trailer if you want. Uh, now, even though December 5th is the last
major update, Nintendo has said that SplatFests and balance updates will continue until July
next year. So if there's any, you know, major issues, they will still continue to fix those,
do the balance tweaking and all that stuff. And, um, again, SplatFests will live on through July.
Hmm. Just in time for them to announce a Splatoon 3 at E3.
Please don't. Don't make it. Don't. No, seriously. Don't make a third game of that.
And not like other sequels for games that we need.
I don't know. I don't know if I agree with you. I'm okay with that. If they, if they decide
they're going to do a Splatoon 3 and they make it a new thing, I don't, it might be just, I don't
see how they would have developed one that fast, but you know, if they have a Splatoon 3, that's a
new rich experience that offers some new stuff and new modes and things I'd be for it. I re I
remember a day and age Loki when like every other year you'd get some new game in a franchise or
shit. If you're Assassin's Creed, you get it every year. So if, you know, if Madden, a sports game
can do a new fucking thing every year, Splatoon, I think could even go further and give some
remarkable, not just roster updates, but remarkable content things and do that.
I would be all for Splatoon 3 if it's worth it. You know, again, I, I just, I don't want,
I don't want them just to make a Splatoon 3 for the sake of having something new to sell,
but if they make it its own little thing, I'd be all for that. An Act Defton chat,
who's also a big fan of Splatoon says Splatoon 3, yes, please. Bobby Blackwell says,
I would be for it, but they did not name Splatoon 2, Spla 2n, you know, that spelling,
and therefore they no longer get the right to make sequels.
Fine. I, you know, and I would be okay if maybe like the Splatoon team did a new concept. I bet
a lot of Splatoon fans would be totally okay with that. What would you say about that, Loki?
Like a different type of competitive game. That's just that creative team.
I'm fine with that.
Yeah. Cause they, they took a, a, a kill, kill, die, die shooter and made it about paint.
They made it a family fun friend game. I, I, I, I'd give them that chance on, you know, other
types of competitive genres. Why not? Maybe like a hero, hero battle or something. Who knows?
Anyway. All right. Uh, vidpower in chat suggests for a new title, three splat, three furious. All
right. You guys calm down. All right. Few more stories for you guys. Then we're going to open
up the Skype line at orange lounge radio. All one word, but first Loki.
So there was a developer that was, um, goes by the name thin matrix and they've been working on
a game called the coolinox for the last three years or so, uh, almost three years. And what's
kind of unique about them is that they were live blogging the whole process, um, each week,
you know, since February 19, 2016 and now November or as of earlier this, um, last month,
the game has been released. So now, uh, you can pick up a coolinox. It's a like a life simulation
game to basically create your own like biomes and you have different animals and stuff that
kind of exist in there and you kind of have to manage everything to make sure that, you know,
the world is, um, you're cultivating and, um, shaping the world as you like. So it's kind of
cool. Um, the different things in there, but I was watching some of the live blogs that he did, um,
talking about like some of the gameplay tweaks and different bugs that they ran into,
which is kind of fun, even, especially just right before release, just adding new features
and, um, it's very like, even just the videos were very relaxing. The game itself is like a
very relaxing game. It's only like 10 bucks too. So is, does reading that stuff, uh, um, kind of
help motivate you a little bit when you kind of see the trials and tribulations that our
developers go through? Um, I've only watched like a video or so of that. I'm, I am like,
I want to be motivated to do stuff. Um, I even was looking at, but it's hard. Well, no, it is,
it, it's just like trying to like, there was another, um, like I w I read another,
like, I don't know if it was, I didn't really read it. I watched it. It was like a,
I don't remember which developer was, it was some developer of an indie game that I'd recognized.
And he was talking about how like six, it's like six games you should program to get into the
whole game dev cycle thing. So they basically said like, you do Tetris and then you do, um,
it was like asteroids, Arkanoid. Um, I know the last one was super Mario brothers.
And then, um, I'm trying to remember the other couple of games that they had in there as well,
but it's basically, you know, cause each one teaches you something different. Plus finishing
stuff is a good idea, but I don't know. Just do it. Just, just go remake a game.
Yeah. And Bobby black Wolf and chat says, I remember telling Loki this. He said,
fuck that. I don't have time for that. Bobby just wants to rub it in a little bit
that you should have listened to him. And I don't, that's a kind of the,
that's the joke. That's kind of like after I saw that and started thinking about it for a little
bit, I'm like, I don't have time. I don't have time for one game, let alone like six games.
Uh, speaking of indie game development, I just want to shout out again, why YR and his game
falling plus, which I was dumb and I left out of my gaming week. Although to be fair, we spent an
awful lot of time pimping falling plus last week, but I do want to pivot one more time and say,
it is released on steam. And I hope some of you guys will spend the two bucks, which I think
might still be a dollar 50. I don't know how much for longer. Uh, but go spend the two bucks and
check it out because, uh, yeah, I actually, I did a live stream of playing falling plus and, um,
I kind of got the game, like the game, like clicked for me, you know what it was? I had
to watch somebody else play it. So when I watched Bobby play it, I was like, Oh,
I get it. Like, cause when I originally played it on Xbox 360, I don't think I knew what the
hell I was doing, but this time, like watching Bobby play it, I was like, Oh, okay. I kind of
understand a little more. So now I played it. And for at least a few minutes, Loki,
I had the world record in the single-player mode because Bobby said it. And then I was like, well,
we can't have this. So I did a live stream that was basically me beating Bobby's record.
And that's why I called it. And it took me a little bit, but I finally got around to doing it.
Um, and then here's what happens. So the minute I get that score, like, I think I stopped the
stream and like two minutes later, I see my little steam pop up orange. Right. Is playing falling
plus. And I'm like, I know what he's doing. I fucking know what that guy's doing. And sure
enough, like a couple hours later, orange, right. Just like fucking annihilated us out of the water
with his ice score, but you earned it. Props to you slow clap. But anyway, no, all that joking
aside. Um, one thing that I've kind of started doing and falling plus that actually like helped
me a lot is I've tried to switch from using the controller. I actually find when I use the
keyboard, I can do those trick shots a lot better. My timing is more precise because the
Xbox 360 controller is, you know, crap. I don't want to say it's crap, but it's not MLG falling
plus material. It's competent to get you through the game and enjoy the game and be happy with what
you spent on it. But the keyboard is how I'm going to get MLG pro that's that is how I will
destroy orange, right. Hopefully at some point and take my rightful place back on the top of
the board was going to be hard. So, cause now I'm having to like reteach my muscle memory because,
you know, like the, the kicking is one button, the jumping is another and the throwing is another.
And it's like, Oh, well, I stopped there from which one was the throwing button. And you know,
I'm having to reteach my muscle memory, but it's fun. Like I'm, I'm into it. Like,
I hate to be that guy, but I'm going to close on this thought.
Y Y R cause I know you're listening like seriously switch port, please. Like I really hate to be that
son of a bitch, but like I would play this game portable mode, like so fast. Like this was,
this is like the perfect type of like lay in bed and play for like 10 minutes for you to sleep
type of thing. So we need, we need like a Y Y arcade on switch. That's Oh my God. Oh my God.
Just made it up. Y Y arcade that has like snake three 60 and, and, and pixels shits,
although they'll have to rename it, but you know, uh, and all this, all these little games
and falling on switch. I'm brilliant. And I'm probably getting hate mail from all
we are right now for putting that out there in the universe. Make your own thing.
All right. All right. And Y Y R does say in chat that, uh, his offer does remain
open from last episode. So if you listened to last week, can't hint, uh, you'll know,
uh, what I'm talking about. All right. Y Y R says, if the numbers are good enough,
I will totally go to switch at a boy, at a boy, make a, make a bank for it by making a pay,
put the coin where the mouth is at a boy. All right. Sell some copies, buy, buy copies for
your friends this holiday season. All right. One more story for you guys, uh, talking about
not so indie game development, but a smaller game, but a long running game.
And y'all know, this is one of my favorite franchises, uh, clue or Cluedo as it's called
overseas. But here is a big board game named clue that they turned into a movie with Tim Curry
in the eighties. You might've heard of it. So anyhow, a clue, the classic board game from
Hasbro is coming to the Nintendo switch. So Hasbro will bring games to the switch,
but to be fair, I think it's coming out on like mobile phones and all that as well.
Uh, so it's called clue or Cluedo, depending on where you live, the classic mystery game,
uh, which actually is already out of mobile devices and steam. And it will soon be getting
a release on Nintendo console, the switch. Uh, there's a little announcement trailer with all
the news and it, it, it kind of looked like the board game. Like it didn't look like they really
changed it. Like if you've ever played the super Nintendo version of clue,
which was the same as the Genesis version of clue, and I kind of love that adaptation,
but they kind of changed the board game a lot for that. Um, so I think they, they, they kind of keep
this a little more pure to the board game, but it's kind of neat because they have like the
characters in different looks that you can kind of play as. And so they found some ways to kind of
like nickel and dime you I'm sure, but also, you know, just make the game more customizable. So I
think it's kind of cute. So I just thought it was cool that they are making clue cause I love clue.
It's a fun board game. So it's cool that it's coming out for the switch. So kaiju doing chat
says I have clue on my phone. It's dope. They also have clue, cool themes, but it's expensive.
It's like 30 something bucks to get all the stuff in the game. Well, unfortunately kaiju
don't ain't nothing for free, but I wonder if you buy it on switch, would you just get all
that stuff unlocked? I bet you would. Cause I doubt it's free to play on switch. So I don't know.
We'll see. Make it free to play on switch. Yeah. All right. Uh, orange lounge radio,
all one word on Skype. The Skype line is open and you can go ahead and give us a call. Orange
launch radio, all one word on Skype. Um, as far as I know, even with the switch in the future,
we're going to be holding onto Skype for a little while, uh, because now I won't be running on, uh,
windows XP anymore, but we'll see. Anyway, uh, the phones are lighting up. Let's get to some calls.
Hello. You're on orange launch radio. Who's this? Hey, what's going on everyone. It's Ron. Hey,
Rama. How you doing? Uh, pretty good. Pretty good. We're also getting ready for the twitch
transition too. I know you guys am a jam session or going through a similar, um, transition. So
I'm excited. I'm excited to see how you guys implement it. Well, we've talked about, you know,
throwing the camera between the different hosts each week or figure out a way to do a remote
access or have like icon, like icons in a different host and it lights up. Well,
we're going to figure something out. Yeah. You guys got it. Still got a little time. If nothing
else, have a static image in your voices and they'll still be people to turn up.
Well, yeah, that's speaking up. I already got the work going. So pretty much our Twitch page is up.
I have like the little icon icon. They're saying we are going to go on live. Um, I believe January
15th. Yeah. That sounds about right. Based on some other timeframes I haven't been as public about,
but I guess I could say now, um, the radio feed is, is targeted for closure in January next year.
So, so Rama is trying to get in there before there is no radio feed anymore. Yes, yes, yes.
But yeah, I mean, I'm really excited to see the new show or, you know, hear it most of all,
but you know, we have a couple other people I know who do a Twitch show similar to us.
I've been watching them just kind of taking notes and so forth. It's honestly not a bad idea.
That's great. I mean, I, I, I'm not trying to, you know,
blow smoke up your ass, but I kind of learned from one of the best out there.
Stop. Flattery will get you everywhere. So what's on your mind? I know you didn't just call in to
kiss my ass. Although if you did like great, but, uh, what's on your mind tonight? I want to talk
about fallout 76. Oh boy. First off, did you buy it? No. Okay. Okay. So I just want that to be
clear up front. All right. What's your thoughts on fall out 76? I mean, if I really wanted the
game, I would have, I would have got a subscription to elder scrolls online, just saying. All right.
But, um, I posted this in the chat, so it probably got caught up in the scroll, but when I got up
today, I got a message from a friend of mine and he sent me a picture. Now in this picture is a
fully customizable, fully skinned fallout 76 Xbox one X along with a skin to controller and swag for
one of the, uh, Bethesda influencers. So I sat here and I started doing some thinking. Now I used
to sell shirts for a living, so I could tell you the initial cost, how, you know, printing a shirt
and resell it for now a nylon bag will run you about $12 wholesale eight, a nylon bag will run
you about, I mean a canvas bag running about $16 sale $9 give or take. Now will you buy in bulk?
It gets cheaper. So let's say for the sake of the argument, 1000 pre-orders for 76 collections
edition for this instead of costing Bethesda $9 a bag that will probably cost them. I say maybe
$7 a bag, $7,000 right now, all of this is coming out of their, uh, marketing budget for the game.
Let's say it's about 10 grand. I'm just throwing numbers out there. It could be way more than that,
but all they're doing for the influencers that's taken out from the budget. Now the brand new fancy
canvas bags that they're giving out, I could tell you that's probably gonna run you about $20. I
mean, I get that. Now the fact that they're handing out to these influencers fully skinned
Xbox One X consoles and probably PlayStation 4 pro consoles as well. You're going to be very
minimal discount from the manufacturer on these consoles and then skinny it on top.
So you're looking at maybe $400 for the pro and $500 for the X and that's with all the
skinning and all of that. That's very typical. I mean, for the influencers to get like a special
console and things like that to show off, you know, that's a common trend. That's a trend that
goes way back. Somebody you and I both know that may or may not be listening to this show right
now has received something like that from a company in the past and I'll let them out
themselves if they want, but, um, yeah. So, uh, that's not like an uncommon type of thing to,
you know, again, it's just, it's like how Loki, you worked in video distribution. You got free
movies all the time. Yep. And I bet you got stuff on top of that too. Like, you know, uh,
gift cards or, you know, other things to incentivize your sales. Right TVs, TV, you got
a TV. That's right. You fucking got a TV once I remember that I've gotten. Yeah. HGTV have gotten,
but yeah, that was, yeah. I mean, they just did that. So it's like that because you know what,
I mean, sure that stuff costs money, but it's all about, because in this case, Loki was pushing
sales, you know, and if he, you know, surely remembers this TV, he's going to remember this
movie in the studio and probably be a little more incentive. That was a little bit different. It
wasn't necessarily like we're doing this. So you, I mean, I guess it is like sell stuff,
but it was more of like, if you sell this, we just, and they have money. It's basically that
the company has money that they can use. They could either pay you just money, right. Or they
could buy something to incentivize you. It's, it's all part of their budget, their marketing budget.
Um, but, uh, anyway, my point is, is that maybe Loki was, and in the way influencers are selling
too, you know, whether we like them or not, the reality is many YouTubers have quite a following
with millions of subscribers and $400 to get your product exposed to millions of people is honestly,
it's a drop in the fucking bucket. It really is like, it doesn't, like, it doesn't matter what
they spent on those consoles because like commercials to advertise on Comedy Central
to probably less people than some of these YouTube channels are going to cost way more money.
So my point is with this, my point is with this, I ain't mad about these special consoles,
these other things that influencers get. What I'm mad about is that this canvas bag that they got
was kind of that impression of, Oh, this is what you're getting with the professional edition. And
so people do these unboxing videos of look at all this stuff I got with a professional edition.
And it has that subtext of, I got this canvas bag and you will too, because they're advertising the
canvas bag, whether they said that explicitly or not, like that's the impression you get.
Whereas with the special PS4s and Xbox 360, a reasonable person knows I'm not getting a fucking
console, but I was promised a canvas bag. I get that. But the thing is that I'm just
saying this budget, they took care of all the influencers. When they look at the rest of the
amount of budget, they're like, Oh, fuck, we can't afford the canvas bags. So we'll have to drop down
a dollar and give them the nylon bag. I'm just saying they were probably right about financially
affording it. They just probably didn't budget the marketing budget high enough for that. So
the influencers and the VIPs hit the walk away with the cool swag while everyone who pre-ordered
just get the short end of the stick. Well, Rama, we're going to bust our butts and work
a little harder and maybe we'll be in that influencers club. We used to be.
But the industry changed and in some ways we changed too early. In some ways we're changing
too late, but it doesn't matter. It's not about me and free shit. I really don't care. I've been
doing this show for shit for 17 years. No, I shouldn't say for shit because the reward I get
from it is you guys that fucking show up that send emails. I kid you not. I got, this isn't a
joke. Okay. Or something I'm bringing up for like the sake of hyperbole or something like that.
I got a message and I'm being slow because I'm actually bringing it up on Twitter right now.
I got a message on Twitter this week. I'm not going to out the person that said it,
but I got a message, direct message. So you won't be able to see it online. Hey,
I just want to let you know that you inspired me years ago on Horde house and on orange lounge
radio. Hope you're having an awesome day. That that's why I do this. I don't keep your goddamn
brand and PlayStation four. That is worth 10 times more. Exactly. One time with anime next
on a Sunday, I'm taking pictures. Somebody recognized me from the podcast and we took
a picture together and I posted on my page. That is the reason why I go out and invest so much
money and doing the show and telling me this is how this is how we do it. I just feel, you know,
I understand you got to take care of, you know, I get that, but don't forget about the rest of
the squad that love and support your games. That's all I care about. I mean, come on,
because you're looking from somebody who occasionally plays a few games from somebody
who may pick up a collector's edition of a game once or twice a year. And I mean, honestly,
I have never been the biggest Bethesda fan. I mean, hell, if I want to sit there and play
glitch games, I'll just say, you know, I'll invest that money. But the way, the way they
handle that and the way they handling these, I'm just like, you know, I just have no desire
to purchase another Bethesda game. If it's done by an outside studio and they publish it,
I'm okay with that. That I will do. I'll buy used, but if it's there in house, no,
I'm just going to step back to like, I'm good. I'm good.
Um, you know, I just, Bethesda, I really think is, uh, I don't think they're going to be able to
live this one down quite so easy. I bet in the next week, we're going to see some type of better
response from Bethesda. We'll see. I, I don't know if that's going to be that they're just going to
provide canvas bags or that they're going to make up with maybe a game giveaway of some sort. I
don't know. I don't know what Bethesda does to make it right, but they're going to have to do
something. This is this 500 Adams or whatever. This isn't going to cut it. And to be fair,
this is where, okay. Remember I told you when I started this whole thing, I said,
Rob will try to cut the big company, some slack in the interest of fairness, wherever he can. Right.
Even though I think this canvas bag stuff is bullshit, but here's what I will give you
this whole 500 Adams and that whole thing, that whole, like what the customer service cost of
nothing. Well, here's the thing. That is probably what that outsourced customer service employee
is empowered to do for somebody. And so, because I bet Bethesda has not come up with an official,
what the fuck are we going to do about this type of situation? So, so what they did in
that interim time was these customer service reps are empowered to give away five bucks.
So they gave away the 500 Adams that's through their official Twitter account.
That was their response. I, I would even say that that could be all they are empowered to
do until the executives in the boardroom do something better. So maybe I wouldn't
say don't take it because it's garbage and I'm not paying $5 is a shit. It gives you,
I swear to God. And I made the joke before it gives you a door and some succulent plants or
a beehive hairdo. Anyhow. All right. Uh, I should probably wrap up and try to take more calls,
but Rama always enjoy to hear from you. Okay. Right back at you. Yeah. Take care, buddy.
Orange on radio, all one word on Skype. Uh, some folks are talking about kind of like rewards and
things like that. A lot of very nice things being said about that message. I got, um,
I guess that YYR says that's the sort of message I love to see as a developer as well.
That's a, that's a great point is that even like if there's an indie game you love,
like leave a nice review, leave, send an email saying like, I, I love you and I hate you because
I spent all night playing your game and not sleeping. That type of stuff is going to go
a very long way. I bet you anything. I love it. All right. Let's get to another call
here on the Skype line. Hello. You're on orange launch radio. Who's this?
Hey, uh, this is raging eater. Hey raging here. What's on your mind tonight?
Uh, no, a whole lot. Um, since I just want to get in, since this is going to be last to show on,
uh, vlog network, you know, before you transition to, uh, no twitch and real quick,
I just have to, I have to correct a few things. Hey, we think the day is December 16th,
so you actually have one more week. Uh, and that may not be the final day. If I run into technical,
that's, this is why the whole time I've been like, do not fucking hold me to a date. I am trying
because what I really want rage nater is to be on twitch in 2019. But if I can go, if I can pull
the trigger a few couple of weeks early to work out the kinks and we have some real messy shows
over the holidays, people will forgive us in the Christmas spirit. So that's the, that's the idea.
But the other thing, the other thing is that vog network, and I want to be very clear on this
vog network is not going away. I don't think you, but the way you kind of worded that is
we'll be very clear vog network, still a thing, still working together to promote any podcasts
and each other. Just, it's just a different delivery mechanism. It's just, instead of,
uh, coming to you by UPS, it's coming to you by FedEx. That's all.
All right. Point, point taken. Uh, but anyway, um, since it's that time of year, we're all,
you know, you know, all the, the major holidays are coming up regardless of what religion you
follow, assuming that you follow religion. Um, I would post a timely, uh, uh, topic, although
it may be a little bit difficult to talk about since this is a live internet and show and a
recorded podcast. You're a girl. You don't know necessarily know who's listening. Uh,
but that being said, now, no, when it comes to gaming and, uh, geek related stuff, so on and
so forth, uh, you know, like have you taken advantage of, you know, you know, of any big
sales like cyber Monday, uh, black Friday, or are you planning on taking advantage of
some before Christmas? And I, uh, would you like to drop not so solo hands is, you know, two others,
you know, what you want for Christmas or, well, I know you can't necessarily say what you're going
to give out cause who knows going to know who's listening, but right. Um, so I've gotten really
super into collecting these little mini arcade cabinets lately. And I think I'm going to do a
video for Twitch at some point where I actually show like my look because my collection is getting
kind of impressive, right? Loki is getting pretty big there. So, um, I love more of those, but it's
going to be hard to find out what I need and what I already have because chances are if I need it,
I'm probably tracing it down right now. I will say the new, the new ones in the Walmart collection
are the actual fix at Felix machine. And, uh, cause they, they miniaturize that in that cool.
Jamie has it and I was playing it at her house on Friday. So it's, it's a cute little,
the only thing it's missing is that Ralph doesn't go, I'm going to wreck it. Like that's gone,
unfortunately. Cause they, you know, it runs on crappy hardware, but otherwise it's pretty
faithful. And then, uh, Ms. Pac-Man. So I'm trying to track those down right now. And I think I need
a Pac-Man version of the target line, but like how many times do I have to buy fucking Pac-Man?
I already have it in the Walmart lines. Anyway. Anyway. Uh, I also, I strongly hinted to the
hubs that I want to get that. And I mentioned this earlier in the show, the $80 one with bad dudes on
it and a bunch of the data East stuff. I'm looking at that. And I was looking at Atari flashback nine
gold, you know, they're there on, they do those flashbacks every year and I've never bought one.
I bought the Intellivision one, but I never bought the Atari one. So I kinda sorta want that,
I think. So, um, yeah, that's some of the stuff on my holiday list as far as like the, um,
this, the sales and stuff, I have to admit, I didn't super take advantage of black Friday
or cyber Monday, especially when it came to games. Um, I pretty much already own everything
or I'm waiting on it like smash brothers, uh, for this season. But, um, the only thing I bought on
black Friday was to benefit OLR. I bought a webcam half off. That's one of those fancy,
you know, Logitech, the newer ones that'll do the higher end video. Well, even though we're only
going to do seven 20, but you know, HD, it'll be HD. Oh, cool. Yeah. Uh, anyhow. And they thank
you, tiger claw. I have seen that link and that's probably how I'm going to end up getting the fix
at Felix. I was hoping it would be in stock at a local store. We joke about this Walmart in the
middle of nowhere because there's this back road. Have you ever drew? I don't want to say it on air.
I know what you're talking about. Okay. You've been to that Walmart. It's like, there's nothing
around it. It's like in the middle of nowhere. It's like, why did they build a fucking Walmart
here? Because eventually they'll build stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Sacramento is kind of growing that
direction. Eventually they'll build stuff around it. But anyway, uh, I was surprised they didn't
have any in stock. Loki, let me let you answer the question real quick. And then I'm going to
turn the tables on raging or make him answer it. So did you do anything with the sales or what's
on your holiday list for, for games? Oh, for me to buy for myself. Well, just what would you hope
maybe like the wife or the kids are looking at getting you today? She's like, what do you want
for Christmas? So let's sit. So a little backstory here. So my wife now follows me on Twitter.
So I have literally no place to bitch about anything. Oh, did she, did she read some of
your past stuff? Oh no, I took, I took care of deleting all that stuff a long time ago.
She's not going to go back that far. Anyway. So, um, so I have literally no place to vent
anymore about stuff. So I'm going to vent here because that's what I did. So she knows she'll
never listen to this. Yes, exactly. So here's what I'm going to vent about. So like, speaking of,
yes. So she asked me, you know, what, what do you want me to get you for Christmas? Which I don't
like that because I feel that we've been married for how long and she's known me for how long and
she doesn't know what I like or she can't think of like, can't be creative in her own mind without,
you know, coming up with something that she could think that I might like. She doesn't want to do
that. She wants me to tell her, okay, get this thing. Okay. Well I'm basically telling her to
go to the store and pick something up for me that I could do myself. And it's most likely if it's
anything like my birthday was, it's us going to the store, me picking it up and her going, see,
here you go. You can't get anything else. So no, I'm not doing that, but here's what happened. Like
I was going to get her an air fryer cause she wanted an air fryer and stuff like that. So I
ordered an air fryer from Amazon and because she opens my boxes when they get home from, from stuff,
I told her, I'm like, I'm getting stuff sent in the mail from Amazon. I don't want you opening
it up because at least it was like this when this new mixing board showed up, they just put a
mailing label on the fucking mixing board box. Well, I specifically had them, like it was going
to like, Amazon does the thing. Like if it was going to come in a box that basically is like
that with just the mailing label on it, they have the option. Do you want to put this in a
plain box so that they can't see what's inside? So I said, yes, put it in the plain box or whatever.
So I told her, I'm like, I don't want, I don't want her opening up the box because I'm ordering
stuff also gifts for the kids too. So yeah, I don't want that stuff opening. So what does she
do when I say, I tell her like, I don't want you opening this box up. She goes, Oh, what's coming
in the box. Is it a gift for me? I'm like, yes, actually it is a gift for you. Is it an air fryer?
Is it a Roomba? I bet it's an air fryer. I'm like, you fucking ruined like the whole art of
me giving you a gift and be nice about it. Like it's just, it's, it seriously pisses me off. It
upsets me like, because I'm trying to be nice. I'm trying to like, like think about doing something
nice and all I get in return is just like, let me just take that thunder away from you. Let me
just take all of the effort out of it. Happy Hanukkah. It's just, it's fucking annoying.
So yes, she asked me what I wanted for Christmas today and I'm like, I don't fucking know. I haven't
been thinking about me. I've been thinking about what the hell to get everybody else.
So I don't know. I fucking don't know what the hell I would want for Christmas. Cause I,
how about it was suggested in chat that you offer up use of the 4k TV.
I can seriously count the amount of hours that I played on the 4k TV since we've gotten it.
And I'm not going to be holding up all fingers. It's like three fingers.
Why don't you ask for another TV? We have a TV in the bedroom. It's 10 ADP.
She can fucking watch. All right. Look, whatever. Look, I appreciate low-key psychiatry session,
but I got to get rage leader. I got to turn this question on you like raising her. What about you?
Are you, uh, what are you, what are you looking for for the holidays? Are you browsing the sales?
Are you buying stuff for special somebody's what's happening?
Yeah. Uh, excuse me, clearing my soul. Um, I'm in a weird position. Um, my family has kind of
gotten away from selling and bringing the holidays. Uh, you know, because. Reasons, uh,
they wouldn't probably be too long to get into and probably not great for radio. Uh,
but so my family and I are not doing anything per se. Uh, so my options are really, you know,
either a, do something for myself or I've been, or, you know, uh, do something for Lily.
You know, I kind of opted to do something for Lily. Um, and you know, unfortunately I
couldn't really take care, uh, take advantage of the sales, uh, because of really shitty timing.
Is the girl you've talked about before? Yeah. Okay. Um, no lungs. No, I did, you know, sit,
you know, give her some stuff, you know, fairly early because, you know, things happen, you know,
and basically, you know, like early Christmas presents, uh, cheer her up. Like I gifted her
like limbo. Surprise, surprise. I paid you pay full price for it. I know shocker, right?
Me, painful price for a game. Oh, wow. You must be really crazy about this person.
Yeah, well, well, you know, here, here's the thing, you know,
you know, I was going to wait for a sale, but, uh, you know, again, things happen, uh,
too long to get into. Uh, but I can't forget, give a gift early, just, you know, cheer her up.
Um, but why not love? He did. Yeah.
Uh, then of course, you know, you know, I also gave her like, um, the Dracula trilogy,
uh, since that was on Seattle, I gave her to her. Plus I got Draco to trilogy for myself as well.
Um, then, uh, uh, then technically it's not, you know, geek related, but I also helped her out by
giving, you know, pointing $50 towards her, uh, her rent. Cause you know, you know, again,
things happen. And then, um, then there was, you know, one other gift I've given her a plus one
that I'm going to be giving her, you know, early, probably with the next week or two that, uh,
it would be highly inappropriate for me to talk about on stream. Um, but you can probably take
your guesses to what general area, you know, moving on games, games, games. Yeah. Yeah. But,
but yeah, at least I, the gifts I did give her a geek related. So, uh, but no,
I'm not really expecting anything for, uh, for Christmas. Like you said,
you know, family doesn't do anything for Christmas and, uh, you know, Lily's dying
really in a position to, you know, give out gifts. Uh, she's barely able to give out Christmas cards.
So, um, so no, maybe you'll get a, maybe you'll get a poem or a coupon book for chores
around the house or, you know, one of those things that, that, you know, you don't, you can't,
you put that, that Loki's kids will get for Loki because you can't really put a cost on them.
Yeah. Well, no, I, I, I know it sounds weird, but I kind of considering, uh, the opportunity
to chat with her on a regular basis. No, my gift because no, I, I just enjoy, you know,
talking about, uh, talking to her on a regular basis, even about the mundane stuff.
What is up with tonight being like therapy night? All right. Look, I asked about the games.
Yeah. Yeah. Well anyway, I take it up way too much time, uh, uh, doing your show. I'm sure
all the people want to, uh, call in, not just me and Ron. So, uh, you might be surprised,
but yeah, I appreciate the phone call nevertheless. And Hey, have a happy holiday.
Okay. All right. You too. Take care. All right. Take care. All right. Bye. Bye. Bye. All right.
Let's see if anybody else wants to call orange launch radio, all one word on Skype, or, uh,
I guess if you still want to do the old fashioned way, one eight seven seven game, O L R. If you
want to give us a call, I haven't checked in to see if there's any last minute stories. I don't
know. I think we covered all the big stuff. I was looking there. I still haven't found anything.
Yeah. There's not, not a lot of other big stuff going on that I can think of, but I will,
I will try to leave that open for just a couple more seconds. If anybody wants to get through
again over orange lounge radio, all one word on Skype. Um, you know, I was thinking about the
Christmas gift question. There is still one game I never picked up that I guess I should
kind of wait and see if maybe husband or somebody will, will, uh, get it, but I never did pick up
soul caliber six. So that, that's a game. That's a game that I guess I should, you know, hold out
for. Cause, uh, uh, that I don't know why I skipped it. I just, it was just the wrong time
to ask me for $60. So, um, as, as, uh, some of you, uh, in chat, I think I mentioned this on the show,
Alan's between jobs right now and we're fine. Like financially, we're not like devastated cause I,
I make fine money where I'm at to keep us along. But, uh, I would really love for, you know, that,
that to all be sorted out and then I can start to drop more and more money frivolously on games.
I think that's kind of what it comes down to. Like something like smash brothers is like, okay,
I know I'm going to play this game. I have to have this game, but like soul caliber six,
can I sit on that for a little bit? Even stuff like the Sega Genesis collection and the Katamari
stuff. I'm like, do I have to have that day one? Maybe I can hold off a little bit just while some
other things work itself out. So we'll see. Oh, Rama says soul caliber six was on sale for 35.
Damn it. I missed it. Oh, well I'm sure steam always does a sale at the end of the year and
it is on PC. So maybe they'll, maybe they'll have it that price again or something like that. Who
knows? You never know. Anyway, the Skype line is not lighting up anymore. So I think we are about
at the end of the show. They're down. It's down the $48. Oh, that's not bad at all on Amazon.
Okay. That's not bad at all. Maybe I'll just end up picking that up. We'll see. Um, but anyway,
uh, let's, uh, let's close up shop. We're going to, uh, end it for the week. We'll be back next
week. Uh, dark soccer will be here in the house. That'd be nice to hear from her. So send some
emails, uh, give her something to read, participate at orange lounge radio.com.
Uh, let's go around and get some final thoughts. Well, actually, before we do that, I'll, I'll say
as I always do, if you enjoyed what you heard here at orange lounge radio, uh, please tell a
friend about the show. Help spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice,
but you know, the voices have to be here. So, um, help bring some new friends into the show.
Uh, this whole transition we're going to be going through is a great time to do that. I think,
I think more people will find a Twitch channel easier probably than they do how to listen on
shoutcast or tune in or whatever you're using today, which no shade to tune in.
They've done a great job for us for many years and I'm sad I can't pimp them anymore in a few
weeks. Um, but anyway, uh, let's, uh, if you enjoyed this too, you can also leave a review,
a nice five star review on a site like iTunes, Google play podcast, wherever you found the show,
that stuff goes a long, long way. Support indie broadcasting no matter what. Even if you hated
this whole show, but made it to the end anyway, uh, just support it, support a show you do like,
dang it. Uh, cause there's many, any broadcasters out there who appreciate your support. Just like
we were talking about earlier, a little note, a little review, a little nice words goes a long
way. You guys. Okay. Now let's get final thoughts. Um, Loki, your final thought.
My final thought is I'm probably have to load a new version of DDR onto the cabinet.
Cause I'm kind of getting tired of fourth plus already. I got tired of that really fast.
I don't know. Like I played through all the songs like, and it's like, okay,
now I've played through them. I don't know, but it will be better once I get the step
mania machine going. Um, I'm still working, like I said, working on the theme for that
actually have Photoshop open so that, you know, working on it. Um, and then, um, then
everything will be in there. Then I want this, you know, I'll have so many songs to play,
but then I'll have to make steps for songs that, you know, are missing steps.
I still need to come over and do a, a stream with you. So that'll be fun. Make that happen
before Christmas. Um, so I guess, I guess that's it. Um, my final thoughts tonight. Um,
my final thought is, uh, I'm going to try to play at least one new video game this week,
uh, besides smash brothers. Cause I'll be playing that on Friday for sure. So try to play
one new game every week, at least for the rest of the year. And I am looking at,
I really, really want to get into doing more like video on demand stuff for Twitch. Um,
so that's something I'm trying to look at doing to just, you know, all, all, all this,
all these projects, not enough hours. And then they get sucked into MMOs,
but Oh well, that's what happens. So anyway, I'd like to stream more games. Um, other than DDR,
just, I don't have a really good place to do that. I have to probably clean the garage and then,
well, maybe you'll get something worked out just in time for summer to hit. Yeah.
Hey, I was streaming games. It's only 120 degrees inside the garage down and we had no air. Yeah.
Yeah. All right. Uh, anyway, that's it. We're done here. Uh, we're out for the night. Thank
you guys so much, uh, for listening to our show tonight and supporting us. We'll see you in seven
days to do it all again until then have a great week, everybody and good night. You've been
listening to orange lounge radio. Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us
for a live show. Tune into fog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific 9 PM Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those
of the staff of orange lounge radio or fog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Okay.
