Orange Lounge Radio
These are hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week we bid a fond farewell to our telephone operator, Pete Shelley. Nese Palares and Det, but I believe he found his.
Stay tuned for more stories, happy, sad, hilarious, and facepalmy, starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It's Orange Lounge Radio, live tonight with our 755th episode for this December the 9th of 2018.
My name is Rob Roberts, joining you here over the next few hours to talk about video games, gaming culture, and the gaming lifestyle.
For the last time tonight, before you panic, of course I'm talking about the last time on Shoutcast, allegedly, assuming all of the tech tests and all that stuff go well.
Next week, live, we will be over on Twitch, and I'll reiterate, we've been talking about that for a few weeks now, but I'll reiterate that in a minute.
In the meantime, joining us for this special episode of Orange Lounge Radio, say hello to DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Sup bitches.
Welcome back, nice to have you here without the use of radio magic.
Happy Hanukkah.
That's what I was going to say.
Instead tonight we have Hanukkah magic bringing DarkSakura to the studio, but Hanukkah magic is the real deal.
She's here live.
I sure am.
It's great to have you.
I'm trying to get back in the chat.
And you know what is very special about Jamie being here is that, and you know tonight is a special night because Jamie actually got in the kitchen and cooked for the show tonight.
Now, before y'all send your hate mail, I would never make those types of jokes anymore, however.
I did it on purpose.
She did it on purpose because of the holiday.
As the token Jew, I have to, you know, we have a, Loki here is our Jew adjacent.
We needed latkes.
Yes.
And I have my candles on fire right now.
Yep.
So we have.
And they're on full blast.
Tonight's the last night.
Tonight is the last night.
So it's every candle.
So I have two Hanukiah with all nine candles on it because you have your Shamash and your eight candles.
Right.
The, the, the one that lights the others.
Eighteen candles.
That's right.
I hope the house doesn't burn down.
You get to blow them out when they graduate high school.
Now you get to follow miss crackers recipe.
Sis degree.
Very.
Um, I actually just bought straights kosher latke mix and did it from a box.
And dark soccer of course is reading from our live chat room because we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific nine o'clock Eastern at the voice geeks network.
Twitch TV slash vog network and a vog network.com and a, you can actually follow us live over at live dot vog network.com.
And again, we're trying to make everything with the change as seamless as possible.
Uh, if you go to live dot vog network.com next week, what you're going to see is instead of the regular chat room, you're just going to see the Twitch with us there and all that stuff.
So, um, hopefully for those of you that go to live dot vog network.com out of habit and the fact that I'll probably still say it on the show because I've been saying it for years.
Um, that will still work as a portal to where we are taping live.
And if you're listening on the podcast feed, then great.
You can keep doing that.
Uh, everything will still be as it is on the podcast feed as we've been saying for weeks and weeks.
Um, so I don't want to dwell on it too much tonight because again, we're still waiting on the final things to arrive from a technical perspective.
And then we're going to kind of remodel this room in some ways to get it broadcast ready.
And uh, yeah, we're aiming for next Sunday being the first show.
That way it gives us kind of like gives us two or three weeks and then in 2019 we're going to go full steam ahead with the promo and about really trying to get out there about like,
Hey, did you know that these old assholes who've been doing this show since their mid twenties are still going and they're going now on Twitch.
Won't that be fun?
Yep.
All right, well say hello to that old asshole.
It's tech master Loki.
It's here every week.
Hello.
How are you doing Loki?
I'm fine.
It's funny because you were talking about that you were doing your own Twitch stream playing DDR this week and you're doing a stream on Thursday night.
Right?
Yes.
Were you still doing Euro mix or are you back on max now?
I'm on Euro mix too.
Okay.
I'm still playing that.
Okay.
And so you've been doing some DDR on your Twitch stream and then as you were like, you were like, why isn't anybody here?
Where did everybody go?
And Oh yeah, the game awards were tonight.
Right?
Well, sometimes there aren't, isn't anyone there.
So, and it wasn't exactly the most, um, a smooth going stream.
I had a ton of drops for some reason, which I never have that issue weird.
Um, and then also the kids came out and said that the cat had gotten into our bedroom somehow.
And so I had to go fish her out of that in the middle of the stream.
And then it took me four reboots that finally get your mix to, to boot up.
So it was like really being a pain in the ass.
It's okay.
It's as I mentioned on the stream several times, you're a mix too.
It's just like, it's confusing.
It is such like this weird, ugly stepchild of the DDR series.
Not to say it's bad, but it's like max too was pretty streamlined.
You know, you had your options menu where you put in your speed mods and difficulties and stuff like that.
And it's all makes sense.
You're a mix too.
When you select the song, you select the difficulty after you select the song, all of your mods,
including speed mods have to be done with foot panel, um, combos like you would in like fourth mix.
Oh God. All right.
It's fucking weird.
All right.
It makes no sense whatsoever.
And then like on top of that, you can't do speed mods or any other mods in nonstop.
So at least I haven't figured out a way to do that.
And nonstop is integrated into the neural, um, song selection.
So when you first start off, it says nonstop and you can select that and it goes in the nonstop mode.
It just doesn't make any goddamn sense.
And for anybody that hasn't played DDR in a long time, that whole last two minutes of you ranting probably didn't make any sense either.
It was based off of max two.
Just leave it how max two was put different songs in there.
Done.
You don't have to do anything else.
They said they like, let's fuck it all up.
Let me go to our chat over at live.vognetwork.com for some comments.
A dark Tetsuya says, so next Sunday is like the soft launch slash beta test slash working out the kinks.
Yes.
Fallout 76 launch.
It is.
It is absolutely that it is.
It is.
It is a well it's vog early access starts next week.
You have to understand we're going the AAA route.
So we're launching this.
It's feature complete.
Absolutely.
That's what next week bugs that are in there are complete, which is funny because next week is OLR 756.
So it's kind of works.
Kinda sorta.
Anyway, also in our chat, see a Tiberian chat says in insert Blanche, Devereaux, the change memes here.
That's a very, that's a very apropro comparison is that OLR is going through menopause.
Would that be correct?
Dark soccer.
OLR is going through menopause.
I would say we're actually getting ready to graduate high school.
I would, I would say with this move to twitch, we're going to go hang out with the cool like going to college.
Yeah, we're going to hang out.
It's like Jerry blank.
You know, I'm back in school from strangers, the candy.
Yeah, I never watched.
Well, how about how about Sally O'Malley from Saturday Night Live?
I'm 50, 50 years old.
You know what?
We're going to be going to college and learning how to hang out in coffee shops.
Right.
We're going to hang out with the cool kids like Ninja and have a cool have CBV vapes.
Yep.
I'm cool like Ninja and sneak a Boone's Strawberry Hill from our older friends.
We're not playing enough Fortnite to be cool.
So, you know, Sonic Fox.
I got he's gay, black, furry.
I got one of those three things going for me.
So, you know, we were cool with them.
It is become gay and furry.
Stop it.
All right.
Going to our chat at live dog network dot com.
Act Def says Ninja doesn't hang out with girls, though.
Well, you know, married, though.
Neither neither do I wink.
Well, that's a lie.
I don't count.
No, you totally count because without girls who would go shopping for shoes with me.
I mean, you you serve a very important.
Do you know how many drag queens I know?
I can hook you up.
Let's see.
Also in chat.
No, I I hope you all know these are just jokes because I know we live in a clip happy, you
know, world and that whole thing.
So please, I hope you all know we're just having a good time here at all.
They could bring up all my old shit on Twitter.
I don't fucking care.
That's the problem.
It's like, you see, I don't care.
I'm not going to resign from whatever political position I'm in.
I'm well, I already know.
Well, I mean, there was I I don't hold any political office.
There was that part of me that's like I could never run for political office because of
the things I've done.
But now look at who's the fucking president.
It's like, wow, you can do the worst things in the world and still be president.
Like it's it's amazing.
Anyway, let's see.
Going to chat at live dog or dot com.
See it to bury says, wait, so this is all ours live action, soft reboot kind of kind
of.
All right.
Let's let's move on.
We got a lot of gaming news to cover because we had a pretty big television event or technology
television event that happened this past week.
Loki, the game awards.
Yes.
So you turn off your stream and you started watching the game awards a little bit.
Yes, I did.
What do you think I did?
Because I was disappointed.
All zero watchers of my streams.
I'm humble bragging that I got a whole zero.
There you go.
That's way, you know, anyways.
So, you know, I did watch the game awards a little bit.
So they had lots of announcements as they always do.
It's, you know, one half the reason.
Well, most the reason you turn tune is probably just to see all the trailers and stuff that
they're going to show.
So this is kind of run down some of the things that they announced.
So they had a game called Sayonara Wild Hearts, which was coming to the switch and like pretty
awesome.
That was the one that you were talking about.
That's sort of like an album by Annapurna Interactive and it looks great.
Like music game.
It almost looks a little bit like elite beat agents sort of.
I hope.
Let's not get our hopes up for something that amazing.
But no, it looked pretty sweet.
So very stylized, kind of a music game, a little bit punk.
So that was pretty neat.
And then, of course, there was a brand new game called Journey to the Savage Planet,
which looked like some sort of survival game.
I didn't really get.
I missed this trailer, unfortunately.
So that's supposed to be coming out next year on all major platforms.
And then, of course, they announced the console version of the Stanley Parable.
The Stanley Parable Ultra Deluxe, which is also going to have new endings and different
branching paths and gamepad controls.
I think that's great and all, but it does feel a little late.
Like this is the type of thing they really should have put out one or two years ago.
Right.
I mean, well, is Switch one of the consoles?
It's never too late to do a Switch port.
I don't remember if the Switch is one of the consoles.
Everybody wants their game on Switch at this point.
It would be neat if they patched that stuff into the PC game, too.
Because I have to go back and play it to get that achievement for not playing it for five years.
So I think that's due in the next few days for me.
Well, and I think that also just goes to show that, like, OK, that game's been out a while.
So it is a little weird that it took this long to go to consoles.
But a good game is a good game, no matter what.
You know, people are mega hyped.
Maybe perhaps the gentleman who was on before us at the voice.
I was hoping it would have been a sequel to the Stanley Parable.
Is one of the people that gets really hyped about Katamari Damacy getting re-released this week.
So you know what? Old games can still be fun.
But I'm hyped for the PC version, which will eventually get hacked to put all sorts of fun stuff in there.
That's what I'm hyped about.
Mission, roll up all the dildos.
That's a good call. Which one do you buy?
The PC one? Because you know modding's coming?
Or do you get the Switch one for the portability?
You buy both, because the PC version, there was a site that had it for $10 cheaper, so I got it for $18.
Look at you.
Versus $29.99, because that's way too fucking much for, you know, buying it twice.
You buy both, so that Namco will continue to invest in the series, and hopefully make another one at some point.
Yeah, but they really half-assed put that remaster.
They put it out the same day as kind of another big deal sort of game.
I mean, that's one issue. That's fine. I mean, it happens.
Physical version is only available at GameStop, by the way.
I know. That's limited. It's just like, I really hope they aren't expecting $11 billion sales of this.
But I want that game to do well. Anyway.
There's a game called Among Trees. It looks pretty nice.
So that's coming out on Steam Early Access in 2019.
And that's a Survival Sandbox game.
This was kind of unexpected. A Switch exclusive game, Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3, the Black Order.
Kind of looking forward to that.
That looks pretty awesome. I am definitely down with that.
So that, I'm guessing, is coming out next year as well.
I'm wondering if it's just a timed exclusive.
I would assume it's timed exclusive. Or maybe the console version, or Xbox One and PlayStation 4 is getting a different type of game.
Or a little bit more expanded game. We'll see.
But that's coming out. And that's by Team Ninja as well.
Oh, Nintendo's publishing it. Well, that's why it's a Switch exclusive.
Let's see. What else?
Supergiant has a new game coming out called Hades. It looks pretty sweet.
Much like all the other games. So that'll be probably next year as well.
Oh, actually that's launching in the Epic Games Store, which we'll be talking more about later.
So that's something that Early Access there.
Far Cry New Dawn, which is launching February 15th for $40.
And it's going to be a sequel to Far Cry 5 that's set kind of in this post-apocalyptic future.
Apparently that spoils the end of the game, I guess.
I still haven't finished Far Cry 5. I don't know if I will, but it looks awesome.
It's got saw blade guns and it looks kind of like Rage. Rage 2, I should say.
Scavengers, which is like a sci-fi co-op game.
Let's see. They had Crash Team Racing was kind of unexpected. So there's a new Crash Racing game coming.
Dead by Daylight is getting a new chapter.
So they've got a chapter 10 of Darkness Among Us, which is coming out, I guess, this week.
They have a new killer called The Legion, which... I don't know.
It sounds like... I swear there was someone that had the name The Legion or something that was like a villain or something.
And then there's a new special power called Feral Frenzy as well.
Still haven't played that game. Probably won't.
Monster Hunter, there's a game called Dauntless that sort of looks like Monster Hunter.
In fact, when I saw the trailer for it, that reminded me of Monster Hunter quite a bit.
But it's coming to Switch and Xbox One and PlayStation 4 and even mobile next year.
Let's see, what else?
Game called The Last Campfire, which was by Hello Games.
So that was kind of unexpected that that was going to be coming out.
And they're calling it Hello Games Short, so I'm guessing it's not a very long game.
The one that really caught my attention, though, of course, was The Outer Worlds, which is a game by Obsidian.
And it looks fantastic. It's like a cross between Fallout New Vegas and Mass Effect and just Borderlands and all sorts of fucking awesome shit.
And I actually watched some gameplay of this. I posted a link on Twitter earlier today, and it looks great.
So I'm really looking forward to this.
It's kind of something to satiate the appetite of people that were hoping for a new Fallout-type game and got disappointed with Fallout 76.
So, yes, definitely looking forward to that quite a bit.
Other fun stuff.
They talked about PUBG's new map, which is all wintery.
There's a new gigantic survival MMO, Atlas, that's by the people that did Ark Survival Evolved.
There's a thing about Wizards of the Coast and pushing Magic Arena with some esports thing.
They made a teaser for Dragon Age 4.
Well, supposedly that game is a ways out, too.
I expect you have questions.
Yeah, I suppose that game is a long way out.
Yeah, it's all soulless twerking.
Yeah, it's a very, very light teaser.
They had another trailer for Psychonauts 2.
They showed off a Stranger Things game that was kind of looking a little bit 16-bit.
I gotta be honest, it looked kind of crap.
Well, that's kind of the gist of the mobile phone, Stranger Things.
It's kind of like a retro style, and it's okay.
For a mobile phone game, it's okay, but it's not something I would spend a lot of money on.
It's kind of like garbage. I'm just not very interested in that.
Mortal Kombat 11, so that's coming out in April.
So last week's rumors came to light, apparently.
Yeah.
That was one of the trailers. I will admit, I didn't really watch the game awards.
I just forgot they were happening.
Man, they're like, hey, it's time to vote.
And then it's like a week later, the awards happen, and I always forget.
Like, oh yeah, they're gonna be on.
And to be honest, all the trailers just show up right there on Twitter anyway.
They get retweeted, and somebody's following it and cutting the trailers as it goes.
They just all show up online right away.
So I saw that trailer for Mortal Kombat 11, of course.
I'm not super big on the violent.
It's almost like too much now, but it looked, for what it is, it looked cool.
But obviously, you were seeing a lot of pre-rendered stuff.
But I imagine it's gonna look great.
Mortal Kombat 10 or X or whatever, it looked great.
So I have no reason to believe 11.
It's probably 10.
Here's the thing. They actually said, they did call it Mortal Kombat X,
but they completely acknowledged it was a play on, you know, 10.
But I think it's X because that series is extra when it comes to fighting games.
It's very, very extra.
So yeah, 11 is going to be continuing that, you know,
rampantly violent stuff, clearly, through the trailer.
All right, cool.
And then, of course, they announced that Persona 5's Joker
is gonna be the first DLC character for Super Smash Brothers Ultimate.
So that got everybody excited because they're like, well, shit.
You know, now they're really putting anybody in this game.
So be curious to see what the other four fighters are gonna be.
Didn't pick up the game, though. Thought about it.
Yeah, that, oh, you didn't pick up Smash?
You're like the one person that didn't.
Well, like, I just bought my kids, like, four Switch games for Christmas.
The money thing is real. I understand.
My wife an air fryer.
Yeah, I know.
And a robot vacuum cleaner.
Well, maybe somebody will buy that for you for Christmas.
Maybe that'll be a nice thing.
And books and, like, all this other shit.
So, yeah, it's been, I didn't pick it up because I didn't know if I'd get to play it.
I didn't want to fight the kids for the Switch.
And I know they'd play it, but, like, I don't know.
Going back, I mean, we can get into a little more of that on our gaming week.
But going back a little bit to the Game Awards itself.
Obviously, the Persona Smash thing is, like, it's pretty cool.
It's cool, but, you know, also, I'm certainly, like, but they haven't put Persona on a Nintendo platform.
There was a 3DS game.
Oh, God, that seems so obscure.
I guess you're right, but that just seems like you would think, like, this is gonna motivate them to put Persona 5 on Switch.
Master Chief.
Or something you would think. I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know. But, oh, you think Master Chief in Smash? That's going a little far. I don't know about that.
But, uh, okay. I mean, I think it's cool. Don't get me wrong.
You know what? No, no, not Master Chief. We'll just put Terry Crews in Smash.
Just Terry Crews.
Just Terry Crews.
Why not one of the Viva Pinata? There was a 3DS game for Viva Pinata.
Fuck Viva Pinata.
Or Minecraft Steve. That would be...
Yeah, I think Minecraft Steve is very...
Minecraft Steve would be way more likely than Master Chief.
Yeah, because that would be the big Microsoft, like, oh my God, but there's a ton of people that play Minecraft on Switch.
Or is there, like, because PUBG doesn't really have any characters.
No. Yeah, no.
Or not PUBG. Fortnite.
Uh, they could, but I just, yeah. I think we're going a little crazy with the Switch stuff now.
Or the Smash stuff now. I think it's just, uh, you know.
I mean, now it's like, I think what's happened is that, wait, if they can put a Persona character in Smash, they can do literally anything.
So now all of these, like, fan-wank obscure, because nobody was going to predict that Persona thing. Nobody was going to predict that.
So now it's like, literally everything is on the table.
So as much as you might be laughing at, like, come on, they're not going to put Minecraft...
But they did Persona. Anything is possible, y'all.
Super Meat Boy.
Why not? That'd be fun.
Well, Shovel Knight was in the first game, right?
No. There was always a Shovel Knight amiibo, and I think there was Shovel Knight Assist.
But Shovel Knight was not a character, and a lot of people were pushing for indie representation in Smash, like Shovel Knight, Shantae.
Remember, there was a big campaign about that.
Uh, so, uh, but none of that has come to light as of yet, but again, anything's possible.
They should've just had a lot more characters in 5.
I'm sure. Oh, there'll be more. There'll be more.
Anyway, uh, so you actually, admittedly, I didn't really watch the Game Awards. I don't think Jamie did either.
What did you think of the bits and pieces of the actual show that you saw?
Because I remember the last time I did see it, I was like...
They had, like, the orchestra stuff was really awesome.
Honestly, the last time I watched it, it was like, you could do a lot worse. It really wasn't bad.
It was... it's kind of like picking up the excitement for where, like, E3 may have lacked in some places, I guess.
I don't know. I think it was nice to have all that stuff there, and all the announcements and everything.
Uh, go into our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Uh, Bobby Blackwolf does point out Joker is in Persona Q2 for the 3DS, so he is in a Nintendo game.
It's... still, it's pretty, uh, pretty deep cut.
Uh, Bobby also suggests the Fortnite Battle Bus in Smash.
There is some type of car. I don't... I don't know what it was, but we were...
So, uh, Friday night, some friends and I got together and we were playing a little bit of Smash.
Somebody got a frickin' thing that looked like a pitobus showed up and started driving around the stage.
And I was like, what the fuck even is that?
I was like, what's the reference?
Like, I'm trying to catch all these deep cut gaming references.
There's some deep cut gaming references in Smash.
Nintendo Labo.
That's my favorite part.
Uh, let's see.
ActDeftInChats does point out Shovel Knight is an assist trophy and Shantae is a spirit.
So they did at least do some type of nods to those games.
I mean, I don't know.
It's something.
And Bobby also points out there is a Labo thing in Smash.
Of course there is.
Of course there is.
Nintendo will stop at nothing to self-promote, I'm very sure.
Oh, it's Cap'n.
Oh, it is.
ActDeft says Cap'n from Animal Crossing has a bus in Smash as an assist.
You know, his spirit stage.
I just had to play that today.
I can't fucking beat it.
It is so annoying.
His spirit stage has a constant wind effect on it.
And if you touch the water, pretty much you die.
Your character drowns.
With some exceptions.
The water is lava.
The water is lava.
So here's the thing.
Here's the thing though.
I know somebody in chat is about to yell this.
I already know if you attach the Snorlax spirit, which is a little further down the road, you
can avoid the wind thing.
It doesn't push you back as bad.
But it still pushes you.
And then you get, god damn it, what's that big orange bird in Yoshi?
Damn it.
But you get her up the road too and that completely negates the water thing.
So you can actually be in the water.
So, it helps.
And I heard there's some characters that don't drown in the water.
Right.
Well, if you have those certain spirit affictions, you won't.
But here's the thing.
Those attachments will not suggest.
Like, I was just letting the computer suggest what to use every time.
But it was not picking those for me on a stage where I needed it.
It kept giving me stuff where I start with a dark scythe and things like that.
And then the other thing, excuse me, you kind of have to watch for is that not only do you
have the World of Light mode, but you have that other mode that will just randomly spawn
like six different, and then it starts to grow, like different spirit things you can
challenge at any time and they rotate out every five minutes.
Like, don't forget about that because if you dip in there every now and then you can
grab some stuff that you can then use in the World of Light mode.
So, there's that.
Anyway.
So, look at that.
We're supposed to be having a conversation on the Game Awards and it all ended up on Smash.
That's just, that's what it's going to be this week.
I'm pretty sure any gaming show you're listening to this week is just going to lose their shit over Smash.
And that's just how it is in the gaming industry this week, I suppose.
So.
Yeah.
Anything that you saw in the Game Award things and those trailers?
Anything that really stuck out to you?
I know you called out a couple of those things that looked interesting to you,
but what would you say out of all that that they showed are you really looking forward to, Logi?
You know, actually the new Far Cry game, although I wonder if I'm actually going to play it
because I've seen them buy these Far Cry games and I get tired of them really fast.
But, Far Cry, the new one looks pretty good.
So, I'm interested in that.
And then also, of course, the Outer Worlds looks awesome.
Like, I would definitely pick that up.
Just the world and everything seems really cool.
It's very much like Fallout New Vegas.
Like, the vibe is just like, this is totally how we should.
And what's great is they have dialogue trees like you would in the other games.
And you can pick a dumb dialogue tree so that you're an idiot.
And it's hilarious.
Just the response is like, not everybody is...
I forget.
Just go watch the clip they posted online because it's hilarious.
Just the different dialogue trees that they have there and picking the dumb option each time.
It's just the sarcastic option that they had in Fallout 4 or whatever.
I forget what it was, but it looks awesome.
I really want to play that game.
Alright, cool.
So, any suggestions for next year's Game Awards?
Because I noticed in chat at live.vongnetwork.com,
Kaijuto says, Game Awards were good, just chill with all the trailers.
No, I mean, I think it was fine the way it was.
I guess we'll just have to see...
Some of the words are really quick.
I don't know if we necessarily need best e-sport personality or best YouTuber or whatever.
I think that's kind of...
That really I don't think needs to be there, but it is.
Right.
Trying to give a nod to the community.
Well, as far as honestly, one of the few things I did see from the whole event
was when SonicFox won that award for the best e-sports personality.
And he gave a great speech that I couldn't help but sit there and just go, yes.
I just thought he was awesome.
So, on one hand, Loki, as much as I understand that maybe we don't need the personalities
as much in the game thing, I was like, that really was one of the best moments, at least for me.
I'm just glad Ninja didn't win it.
He's overexposed.
It's overexposed.
Same thing with PewDiePie.
PewDiePie's not so bad anymore.
He's not in the forefront as much.
Maybe he's listened to some of the feedback he's gotten about some of his poor decisions.
I would assume.
I don't know.
But, like...
S2100Matt says Ninja won, though.
So, he must not have seen that part.
Ninja's not an e-sports guy.
Oh, that's right. Yeah.
He didn't win the e-sports thing. He did win best...
Yeah, yeah.
Best Fortnite player.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And he got it.
And Tigerlaw says he only got famous because of the whole Drake thing.
Well, you know what?
Whatever. Do what you gotta do.
I know. Do what you gotta do.
I'm not gonna hate Ninja.
I don't know the guy.
I don't watch his stuff.
But I do think some people are just, like, overexposed.
And it doesn't make...
You know, you can't help but go, ugh, again?
Like, there's certain celebrities, right?
You see them in a trailer and you're like, ugh, again?
Tom Cruise still making movies?
You know?
Those types of things.
I don't know. I can't explain it.
But anyway.
S2100mattinchat says he won content provider.
Yeah, I know.
Like, whatever.
You know, it's fine.
I don't have to like these people.
It's fine.
And I don't even know who he is.
Or, like, I don't even watch his content.
So I don't know why I would not like him in the first place.
It's just...
Just like the stories I read.
Like, I guess we're talking about, like, how he goes and, like, tries to ban different players off of Fortnite for...
He claims that they're stream sniping him, but they just may best him somehow.
And so then he'll go and get them, like, perma-banned from playing Fortnite.
That seems a little dickish.
And that, I guess, has the impression I have of him.
But I don't know.
Do I fucking care?
No, I don't.
Alright.
Well, let's see.
Go into our chat at live.vognetwork.com.
Bobby Blackwell says,
I'm fine with Ninja.
I've seen some of the interviews he's given outside of our gaming realm.
And he's pretty much the face we need right now.
He says all the right things to the right people in the right language.
Like his CNBC or MSNBC interview right after the Drake thing.
Akuma JP says,
I dislike Ninja character, though.
The way he looked down to other people.
Alright.
Anyway, let's move on from the Game Awards.
Yeah.
I need to thank Akuma JP, by the way.
Oh, me too.
Because Dan super loved his present.
Oh, yeah, because you haven't been here for a little bit.
So Dan had a birthday while you were out.
And you had Akuma JP kind of help you with some shenanigans, right?
So Dan's birthday present this year was Red Dead Redemption 2 Special Edition.
The Gunstar Heroes Treasure Box for PS2.
And Salamander Deluxe Pack for Sega Saturn, thanks to Akuma JP.
And Dan was absolutely thrilled.
So thank you for helping me make my husband's birthday a success.
Well, why do we transition from that into our gaming weeks?
Because after all, this is the part of the show where we talk about the types of video games we've been playing this week.
So I imagine maybe some playing of that around the Summers household.
Well, of course, there's been a lot of Red Dead Redemption 2.
We also picked up, well, by we, I mean I braved the crowds.
Picked up Super Smash Brothers Ultimate.
And it's been really fun.
Dan's actually been tackling the unlocking while I've been at work.
And we got a new pinball.
We got Monopoly, Stern's Monopoly.
And apparently it was a home use only machine.
It hasn't touched an arcade.
It is in glorious condition.
Just needs a little bit of cleanup.
And that's really been the major gaming that's been happening in my house.
Cool.
Alright, then we'll move right on over to Loki.
How was your gaming week?
I played a few things this week.
So I finished, like I've gotten to a point now in Pokemon Let's Go.
I think I am basically done with the game.
I finished the game.
I beat all the Final Four or whatever with my, you know,
Uber level Pikachu that basically just single handedly took down the whole Final Four or Elite Four or whatever.
And then I beat them again.
And then I guess you can go back and fight, like refight the other gyms as well if you want to.
Now you've got to the point where you have to fight the different Pokemon masters.
They're masters of like Pikachu and all these other like things.
So you have to have basically the same Pokemon as them and you fight them.
And it's a hassle. I don't want to do it.
So I don't really know if, I think I'm kind of done with the game at this point.
My Pokedex isn't filled up all the way, but it could be if I just transport a few other things.
In fact, I got to do that because I got to, you know, unlock my stupid Meltan.
So I have to keep putting new Pokemon into the Pokemon Go park.
And do all that crap.
So I'll probably still play it.
I've been occasionally swapping Pokemon out into the, oh, and I caught Mewtwo.
So I've caught everything in the game, all the like legendaries and stuff.
They make a vaccine for that, you know.
Yes.
So I've caught all the legendaries in the game and I don't know.
I'm kind of getting like bored with it, I guess.
But it's alright. It's an okay game.
I just, I don't really want to grind just to like beat all of the Pokemon masters because why?
I don't know. There's not really any more story left in the game.
Like once you've got the Go park and you're getting your Meltan boxes, it's kind of like,
well, there's not, except just the incentive of I beat a fucking Pokemon game.
Yeah, I beat a Pokemon game. It was good.
I mean, I like the story of it and everything and I would like to, you know, play through more of them and stuff.
But I just, eh, I don't know if I really want to play like the end end game that they have here.
There's not really, maybe like they'll add stuff to it later on.
But right now it's like there's not a whole lot in the incentive for me to,
let's go capture a ton of Pokemon so we can get some candies to level up like a stupid Oddish
so that I can become the Oddish master.
And who gives a shit about that? No one does.
So I don't know. Or, oh, let's say try to chain catch 31 of these things
and just keep trying to catch the same Pokemon until we find a shiny.
That doesn't really sound like my sort of fun.
Shane would be into that.
I just, I just don't want to do it right now.
I have more, you know, I have other games I could be playing.
You know, Red Dead Redemption 2 or, fuck, I could, there's so many games.
Dude, the horses poop.
Huh?
The horses poop.
Yeah. Horses do poop.
I mean, in the game, I thought it was cool.
Yes, they, they're ultra realistic.
And then their balls shrink.
Yes.
Um, and then what else?
So I was at the store this week and so I got to try out one of those arcade, one up arcade cabinets.
So I played some, um, Missile Command and Crystal Castles.
And, you know, really, I hate track balls, but track ball controls work pretty good on those games.
So I'm not complaining there.
That actually worked.
It's a pretty good use case right there.
Um, so I tried those out and then what else?
I did more Pokemon Go.
I played some of that.
Um, gosh, I don't know.
Uh, Dance Dance Revolution Euro Mix 2, as I mentioned, I've been playing that this week.
I've been kind of swapping through some of the different mixes I can put on the cabinet.
I'm kind of getting tired of all of them.
Um, I'm probably, I'm really leaning towards a step mania cabinet cause it's going to be,
you know, a lot easier to add new songs to it, to keep everything fresh and interesting
because it's, it's hard like playing like the old, the same old songs.
Once again, I thought Euro Mix 2 be more of a draw because not a lot of people have seen
a Euro Mix 2 machine in action.
I know, certainly I haven't.
So, um, well, I imagine a lot of people in Europe have, well, yes, they probably, this
is a worldwide show.
They had to deal with some bullshit that really they shouldn't have had to deal with.
And now you feel so, like we have to go back.
Remember, we talk a lot about DDR on this show.
Loki's having his Renaissance, his midlife crisis with DDR because this was the stuff
that we, Orange Launch Radio is here because of DDR.
Orange Lounge is a band in DDR.
Dude, I completely forgot about like, did you know DDR Max had no difficulties in it?
Like I didn't like completely forgot about that.
I'm like, what?
There was no difficulties on there?
Like they had no like indicator of what song was difficult.
Oh yeah, because it was, it was just that little, it was that little chart.
They never had the feet.
It was just that little chart.
Like I'm like, I completely forgot that was a thing.
How did we know that this was this difficult?
Did we just make that shit up?
Because when Max 2 came out, everything kind of got retconned.
Well, maybe the home versions also had that shit, but like I just completely forgot.
And also my copy of, cause I'm using a super disk.
I obviously don't have a legit Euro Mix 2 in my system, but, uh, it doesn't have any
of the background videos, which is fine.
I mean, it's kind of actually makes it easier to play certain things.
Also, it seems like they half assed half of the steps of the game because half of the
steps that are in there for their new license songs don't have free zeros.
They just don't have them.
Not actually play it.
Not good.
They should have that shit in there.
You can always turn them off if you don't like them.
Right, exactly.
But like, Oh, there's only one song they ran across actually had it.
And it's funny when you do run across the song, it does have it.
It gives you the free zero warning thing, tells you what they are and stuff, which is
so weird.
Um, so they have that.
And then what else?
Um, so I'll probably switch it up again.
Um, I may end up do, I think I might move to Disney's rave or, um, fifth mix.
Fifth mix will be fun, but Disney's rave, I think it would be fun for a day.
And you're gonna be like, why, why did I do that?
Um, I still do want to come over.
It's going to get a little crazy now.
Cause this week, obviously with the changes around here, I got to make sure we're set
and ready to go for that.
Uh, next week, uh, I don't want to say too much about it on air cause I don't know if
I'm doing it yet, but I might go on the most random fricking trip in the middle of the
week.
If I can swing the time.
You're going to Albuquerque.
I I'll tell you in chat.
I don't want to say until I know I'm going, cause it is literally a random thing.
Uh, but soon I'm hoping to come over.
Right.
And it's great cause you can install new mixes in about 15 minutes.
So it's, it's not a big deal.
Uh, that's why I was like, eh, I'm just going to, I'm taking off fourth plus here.
Um, which I mean, ideally fourth plus is a great mix.
It's just, I don't know.
I miss having all those modifies in there cause some of those fourth mix, um, step charts
are just some weird shit and you really need to have like that spacing in there to be able
to read it.
And I need to get better just reading charts.
It's just really hard.
But, um, so yeah, so that's, that's what I've been doing.
Um, and uh, now this week I have Katamari, so I'll probably be playing some more Katamari.
I also did not buy Earth Defense Force Five because the review has been kind of okay on
that, but, and I'll probably wait for a sale on that.
I don't know.
We'll see.
So I don't know.
I could be playing some more new songs, but I'm waiting because, or new games, but I had
to play the old games too.
Oh, and Just Cause 4.
I need to pick up Just Cause 4 and so many things.
Anyways, that's it.
All right.
Well, let me talk about my gaming week a little bit.
Um, so I've been playing a lot of Smash, just like I'm sure a ton of people have.
Uh, I really am enjoying this Smash game.
Uh, it's, it's probably my favorite so far, but it's easy to say that because I don't
get into all the technicalities like some tournament players do and all that.
All I go is that it's pretty and there's a lot of people and there's so many modes and
this is the best one yet.
And, and honestly, I think that's good enough in some ways.
Uh, so I'm just, I'm having a good time playing it.
The unlocking thing is a little weird.
It's a little weird how you only start with eight people.
And so like when I took my Switch over to a house party thing Friday night, cause we
played some card games.
I know I don't talk a lot about card games on this show, but I played an old school card
game called Phase 10.
I'm sure that's a, it's like the same people who do it.
And then we, we played that and then we played a game called Saboteur, which is like, you're
using cards to build caves and like somebody's lying about it.
So, and these are all people that I met playing these online, like Survivor, Big Brother.
So they're all great liars cause that's, you know, what you do in those games.
Phase 10 destroys friendships.
Yeah.
So we played friend destroying games and then, uh, we played Smash Brothers a little bit
too, but it was weird because it was like, okay guys, I have the basic eight characters
and Ness.
That's it.
Like I don't have any other characters so far.
So we kind of, but the good news is, I mean, we were able to unlock some, but the funniest
fucking thing happened.
So, uh, one of my pals, Curtis, um, he, he only wants to play pit.
Like that's like his favorite character, right?
He only, so the fact that pit's not in the game, he's like, whatever, I don't care.
Well, pit shows up.
So we're playing for like 20 minutes and pit shows up, a new challenger approaches.
And so one of my friends hands me the controller says, you need to do it Rob, cause I'm going
to fuck this up.
And I was like, okay.
So I take the controller and it goes match start and I just start moving to the left
and I fall right off the cliff and die because I forgot that she was playing player one and
I was playing like player four.
So I didn't want to go to the left cause that is going to walk right off the edge.
So anyway, and Curtis is watching me and of course he's already had a bit to drink.
We're already hyped up because we've been playing saboteur.
We've been yelling at each other all night and he's like, you did that on purpose.
You bleeped and did that on purpose.
You, you like trying to, so it was just, it was really funny, but I didn't realize this
until later.
It was my pal Delvin who does his streaming at VG realness, cheap plug.
Um, but he actually told me that if you go into the blue menu, the games and more menu,
there's actually an icon that'll appear there.
It looks like a little door.
It lets you redo any of the fights.
So I found that out like after I got home Friday night and then I was able to unlock
pit easy.
So, um, that tip saved my life.
So if you didn't already know about that, that you can re challenge anybody in that
blue games and more menu with a little door icon, you can, and if you lose to them again,
it's okay.
They'll, the door icon goes away, but it will come back after like 10 or 15 minutes.
So, and I know tons of people are cheesing it with the unlocks.
That's just, that's just not how I'm going to do it.
It's fine.
I've already unlocked like 25 people, just the normal way.
I just got Simon before the show tonight.
I kind of, yeah, I do want to play the game.
I think it'll be fun.
It's just, I don't know.
Maybe I have to get paid.
I feel like at some point, um, there's going to be like a code that'll just unlock everything
like an up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right type of code.
That'll just unlock everything.
Cause it is weird that like, you know, people are going to have tournaments and it's like
either somebody has to loan their copy of smash brothers or what are you going to do?
You're not going to be able to unlock everything for a tournament right away.
So I feel like they're going to put out a code at some point, um, to let people do it.
It could also be something they patch into the game later on too, because obviously if
there's a code, someone's going to find it.
It is weird too, that there's just the whole double unlock thing.
You know what I mean?
Because, and I say that because not only do you unlock in the regular smash mode, but
then you have your world of light, which is the single player mode and you only get Kirby
in that mode to start.
That's it.
You have Kirby and nobody but Kirby, which if you're act deaf is not a problem.
And it forced me to learn to play Kirby who actually, actually now I will say this is
like the best character.
I act.
Yeah.
Like I am.
I've always been like a nest guy, a pit guy, but now I'm like, okay, well thanks to world
of light.
I kind of had to fucking teach myself how to play Kirby.
Uh, I'm cheap as fuck.
Just doing that up B move all the time.
The slice thing.
But Hey, you know what y'all are sucking on link for a bit.
Fuck it.
Hey, Oh, um, it works.
Phrasing.
We're phrasing.
Um, it works on purpose.
So anyway, uh, act depth and chat says tier list be damned.
You know what?
I'm going to co-sign with that because honestly my favorite character in Wii U smash was Pac-Man
and he's always on like the trash tier.
I don't give a fuck about your tier list.
I want to play Pac-Man.
He's fun.
Done.
Some of the stages by the way are so good.
Like, have you looked at some of the stages in this new smash?
Like, I guess it brings back stuff from the 3DS and all the other games, but there's,
I love the retro stuff re-imagined.
They do such a good job with like, there's one that's just straight up, like a remake
of world one, one from super Mario brothers and the whole level scrolls as you play it.
I think that was in an older game.
I know the Picto chat one was in an older game.
Those are still fun to play, but like they've just, they've just got some crazy.
They need to update the Picto chat one with all penis drawings.
I don't think they're going to do that.
They're not going to do that.
They totally need to do it.
Bobby Blackwell said there are peni in the Picto chat stage.
I don't know if he's making it up, but no, he says already there.
Hmm.
Uh, what they need to do actually instead of Picto chat is they need to do,
what was the other one that was, uh, for cat pictures?
That was the, uh, swap note.
Yeah.
They need to do a swap note stage with all cat pictures.
Yes.
Yes.
Oh my God.
Anyway, so I'm, I'm loving smash and you know what?
I'm going to play more of it.
And honestly, that is pretty much all I played this weekend.
Those card games and smash.
And then the rest of my week I played a little bit of wow.
A little bit of final fantasy.
I'm still juggling two MMOs.
I don't know how I do it.
Did you know dark Sakura?
I have a one 20 Alliance and a one 20 hoard and like my Alliance.
Thanks to Delvin.
I've been, I've been working.
Like he's been pity running me through some mythics and I've got some decent
gear.
Well, clearly those are clouds, Bobby.
I mean, I'll play you there.
That's one jagged penis.
All right.
Anyway, Bobby's linking and chat pictures of things that may or may not be a
penis and picked up chat.
It looked like noses shooting lightning time to penis.
All right.
Anyway, that's it for my gaming week.
So a housekeeping.
So I will.
So we're, we're not taking any shows off for the holidays.
We're still going to be here over the next few weeks.
So as I mentioned earlier,
and as I've been saying ad nauseum the past couple of weeks next week,
fingers and toes crossed.
I, I, I'm not definitively saying it will happen.
You'll see a go or no go on Twitter around Friday.
I may not be here on the 30th.
Damn it.
Damn it.
Sorry.
All right.
It's important.
I have this.
I'm visiting my dad before he moves to Texas for good.
I'm sorry.
Well then if Jamie can't be here,
there may not be a show that night or we're going to have to do it in
advance.
That's fine too.
Um, so, but anyway, well that's even more the reason why I really hope this
week.
We'll see.
We're doing it early in the day.
So I don't want to, I don't want to keep you from family stuff.
None of us do.
So yeah, you just go to spend time with dad.
So anyway, uh, next week, uh,
hopefully assuming everything in on the tech side is ready to go.
We still have shout cast set up as a fallback and we may use it,
but we will be doing our first show live on Twitch on Sunday night.
We do video and everything.
It's going to do video and everything.
Don't don't expect the world.
Yeah.
The world I'm expecting it.
Does that mean I'm going to have to start breaking out the wig of the
week?
Yeah.
You don't need to break out the wig.
You look fabulous.
Thank you girl.
Yes.
She does look fabulous.
You can wear whatever the hell you want.
The best idea I heard for you,
and I don't even remember if you were there,
if this was something I was talking about online with somebody,
but the best idea I heard from you for,
for how to do you if you are feeling a little camera shy,
which you have every right to be online because men are trash,
but you look great.
And I think all of our listeners that we've built up over the years,
as well as myself, as well as Loki,
we would fight anyone that tried to come for you.
You know that you know that giant hat,
but I'd cut a bitch too.
Well, I loved your SIA idea.
Yeah.
So that was the, where the wig thing came from.
Yeah. I love that.
I ordered like all these wigs on wish.
And actually I got a duplicate of the one with the stupid Navy blue roots.
I honestly thought she said wigs on wigs.
I could do that.
Wigs.com for all your wig needs.
Anyway,
I was just thinking wigs.com.
I was just thinking wigs.com.
The secret to a successful OLR? Wig water.
Anyway, but here's the thing, Darsagra.
My favorite idea was that you would be just off to the side
and you would have a special hand on.
So you would look like Dr. Claw off to the side.
That was my favorite.
I need Ms. Smooshy here to pet.
How to handle Jamie if she's camera shy is to do the Dr. Claw thing.
How about that?
Can we set that up?
We'll see.
All right.
Going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Bonds006 says, so start a GoFundMe for your wigs.
Tigerclaw on chat says, you gotta do that if people would pay.
You guys are going to have to wear a lot of makeup while you're at it.
You got to look to your best.
Okay.
There's no amount of makeup that's going to help me.
You're lucky I'm going to put on pants.
I cut my hair and shaved today.
So that even though the camera's not here.
Yeah, I don't like honest to God.
No, look, I understand that makeup when you do certain things is important.
But for the purposes of OLR, you are lucky if I wear pants.
I wear enough makeup for everyone.
All right.
I'm going to be all up in that drag.
But seriously though, like I'm not like as camera shy as I used to be.
I was really kind of self-conscious for a bit,
but I don't mind now as long as I'm not like, you know,
about to do the sneeze face.
Well, the good news is I think you're in a lot of good company over on Twitch too.
There's a lot of women, there's a lot of, you know, different types,
different sizes, different colors.
There's a lot of just wonderful people on Twitch streaming that have normalized
it I think a lot more that it's not just white bros doing streaming on Twitch.
You know what I mean?
Like it's the good news is there is a more diverse community.
I know I am pretty white.
Hey look, hey look, hey look.
There's just because somebody says diversity doesn't mean they're saying
get rid of everybody else.
I know, I know.
Yeah, exactly.
I'm also wearing though like my new shirt for today.
Are we going to do a tacky, a sweater episode?
Oh, you're not going to be here the rest of the month.
No, it's not tacky.
It's not tacky.
It's my Dilbert Sonomori GameCube shirt.
I will wear it for, so December 23rd, I think is a show night.
Let's do a tacky Christmas sweater night for Twitch.
I don't have a tacky Christmas sweater.
I will borrow one from Alan then.
I refuse to wear anything related to Christmas.
All right.
What do you guys think? Tacky, tacky Christmas?
If they mark down the Hanukkah sweaters at Target, I'll buy one.
Even though Hanukkah is like ending after tonight.
Do they sell a tingle sweater?
Oh my God, perfect.
You know what?
Let me internet this.
Anyway, Vaga Network is our Twitch channel.
Please go ahead and go over there, subscribe and catch Bobby Black Wolf.
We'll also be making the transition with us pretty soon.
I don't know if they're doing it the first week,
but pretty soon after in the next couple of weeks,
Anime Jam Session will also be joining on the Twitch bandwagon.
So that's really exciting.
And you can stay tuned to all of that over at Vaga Network.
We'll either be hosting Who's Live,
or we're still going to be a network of promoting each other
and helping each other and just getting more voices out there.
So that's what the plan is to do.
I want to add something in relation to Ranma.
I'm super proud that you're using the Hebrew hammer
as your Facebook cover picture.
Bobby Black Wolf says,
I have an ugly sweater that's gaming related.
I can wear that on the 23rd.
There you go. So Bobby's in for ugly sweater night. I'm with it.
Dungeon Buster in chat says,
Cats on my head is a streamer speed runner
that wears a cat thing on her head.
So you would not be the first to do the...
But not a real cat because I mean,
I'm a little bit let down if that's your name.
And you don't have a real cat on your head.
The only way we're going to get people to tune in on Twitch
is for me to promise that Mr. Smoosh might show up.
He will.
Loki, let's be real.
They don't give a shit about you or me.
They don't really care what Jamie looks like at the end of the day.
They only want to see the cat.
That's what it is.
Show us your pussy.
This is the internet.
Your loud, screamy pussy.
Alright, anyway.
Let's move on.
Let's get into some news.
The news of the week.
There's a lot going on.
Including a follow up to last week.
Sort of, right, Loki?
Yeah, so the whole trash bags...
Should I queue up the Betty Hill theme?
No.
Maybe the shade sound.
So as we talked about the Fallout 76 collector's edition that they did.
The $200 one.
So unfortunately they had sent out originally these nylon bags that were just garbage.
And people were pissed off because not only did they not get what they were promised.
Then Bethesda said, oh hey, we'll give you $5 in in-game crap currency.
And then also we're also going to actually have these canvas backpacks that we'll give out to our influencers instead.
Even though you did pay $200.
Well, they decided, hey, we are actually going to send out replacements.
So please go to our website and file a ticket to get a replacement bag sent to us.
And we're like, oh finally, they're doing something right.
Thank god they're actually not Bethesda-ing this up.
And then they Bethesda the crap out of it by their Bethesda support page leaking Fallout 76 customer names, addresses, and phone numbers.
So what was happening is people were logging into their support ticket and they could view everybody's support ticket because that's how websites work.
So apparently there was an issue where they were able to see other people's information.
Including their purchase information, whatever they've scanned and uploaded into it.
Screenshots, names, addresses, and whatnot.
Bethesda said, of course, that they had fixed the issue.
They basically said, hey guys, we resolved the issue.
No apologies or anything, but they resolved the issue.
But they still fucked that up too.
Because, of course, they did.
If I am a lawyer right now that has Bethesda in my sights, I am having the best holiday season.
By the way, since this didn't make our show roll, but I saw a video about it today.
So last week we talked about how, hey, we're going to fix some of these problems that you guys have and we're going to patch the game to make it better.
So that you guys can enjoy it and it's not so buggy and shitty and stuff like that.
So guess what came along with that very first patch that they put out.
So the very first patch that they were doing, one of the things they were trying to fix was this zero health glitch or whatever.
Where people would basically be indestructible and you couldn't kill them.
So you would have to basically restart the game if you encountered that.
Because basically the health would come back and they would just be a bullet sponge.
Well, they didn't fix that and they also patched in stuff to rebalance the game to make it even grindier.
So they reduced the amount of the different power cells that they have in there.
They reduced the amount that those lasted and they also made it harder to harvest that stuff among other things.
So while patching the game to fix some of these bugs, they're also patching it to make it more grindy.
So that you want to use their in-game money to speed the game up.
Just fuck this company. I mean, seriously.
How about they go eat a pile of dicks?
I can't.
It's garbage. I'm not even touching this hot garbage at all.
I didn't really have a lot of interest in Fallout 76 to begin with.
But now my interest is at a negative one.
My interest is down in the base. I feel bad for Fallout fans. I really do.
But at the same time, I'm going to do a special message.
And Jamie, maybe you can join me in this.
A special message from me, a Mass Effect fan who survived Andromeda, to you, a Fallout fan who will survive Fallout 76.
It'll be okay.
I gotta tell you this much. I watched that new...
They had a new Anthem trailer that was during the game awards.
I don't fucking care about the game at all now.
I didn't care about it much to begin with, but I just like...
This is fucking Destiny. I don't want to play this.
So you know they had like a super secret beta over the weekend, right?
I'm not in it, but I'm pretty connected. I know people that are.
It's not our secret if we know about it.
There's an NDA. That's why people aren't talking about it.
And I don't know if you heard, but EA is taking it very seriously.
Somebody streamed it and they freaking banned the guy from Origin or something like that.
They're taking it very seriously.
So not a lot getting out there about what's going on.
But should I say it? Because I have some tea.
You ready for some tea?
Now obviously I cannot tell you.
I cannot tell you where I'm getting this.
Hold on. I'm looking.
Because where was it?
Okay.
Here's my review of Anthem Alpha.
I'm sad we aren't ever going to get that Dragon Age game they teased.
Because BioWare won't be around.
Ooh, girl.
That was a text message I got earlier today, but I ain't telling you from who.
That's sad.
But hey, Outer Worlds.
It looks like that's going to be a game that's by the original Fallout people.
When Fallout was good.
So maybe there's hope.
Maybe Fallout's not going to be necessarily your game, but it'll live on as a spiritual successor.
Alright, anyway. Let's move on.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange on Radio at VoGnetwork.com, use the passphrase, CHILD.
Going to the next...
I don't know.
It could be just dramatic.
People being dramatic on the internet, hyperbole.
No, seriously though.
If it doesn't end up being a runaway success, I think that EA will close them down.
That's just because that's their MO.
I think as much as there is over-the-topness and extra-ness sometimes.
And again, that is one review.
And it's an early build.
So I think that's a fair thing to just acknowledge.
Don't make your final decisions off of an anonymous message I just read.
Bobby Blacko says, Rob's friends being dramatic.
TigerClanChat says, will Anthem be the downfall of Bioware?
Let's hope not, because I would like to see that Dragon Age game, and I would like to see a Mass Effect game.
But I do think there is a lot of money being invested in this, and there's a lot riding on this game.
I don't think Bioware or EA can afford to make the same mistakes they made with Andromeda.
So maybe that's part of the reason they're doing this, to get some of that now.
Because maybe they'll end up delaying the game again, if it is a mess.
Dragon Age games have been pretty good so far.
I need to go back and play the last one. I had the last one.
Inquisition was great.
And so the new Dragon Age sounds cool.
And you know what sucks? I don't necessarily blame them.
And that's unfortunate, though. It's the bad decisions by higher-ups end up when the game does poorly because of their shitty decisions.
And the dev teams actually take the brunt of it. It's annoying.
But that's just EA's fucking M.O., unfortunately.
We've lost many great studios because of stupid EA, so what are you gonna do?
Those talented people will find homes elsewhere, and you will get spiritually successor games, much like this new one. I don't know.
Alright. Anyway, moving on. Let's talk about Doom.
Did you know Doom turned 25? Doom is now 25 years old.
And that makes me feel old, because I remember when Doom first came to me.
I remember calling BBSs to play Doom 2 multiplayer.
Remember, I could never get Doom to run on my PC, because I only had four megs of RAM.
And even though you needed four megs of RAM to run it, you could never allocate quite enough using your config.sys file.
I had Doom in black and white for Mac Classic.
Oh, that's awesome. I didn't even know they made a black and white version. That's rad.
There were some great black and white Mac games back in the day. My favorite was always Crystal Quest.
Because they did it on 360, they did an arcade version of it.
I think so.
And there was one call, I think the Dark Castle.
I was going to Tetris.
Oh yeah, Tetris. Anyway.
But anyway, this isn't about just Mac games, because Doom was huge on PC as well.
December 10th, so the actual anniversary is tomorrow, which honestly will be the day most people listen to this on the podcast.
Anyway, that's the day it turns 25 years old on December 10th.
John Romero will be hopefully revealing something new that day.
Romero Games is going to announce pre-orders for a project that John Romero just completed.
That was an email that went out from Romero Games.
You can follow it on his Twitter, at The Romero, where there are some hints.
Some people are thinking it could be Black Room is the project that he's been working on.
So I'm assuming we would see a little bit more about that tomorrow.
So, there you go.
But I'm wondering, you know, obviously we don't know what this project is.
We weren't going to know until tomorrow, so we can't speculate too much more.
But I'm just curious, what do you think about Doom all these years later?
Do you think Doom is an important game in gaming's history?
Or where do you think Doom kind of stands for you?
Yeah, absolutely. It's an important game.
It helped launch the whole FPS genre.
I mean, that and Quake, it was one of the pillars of these modern games.
Yeah, I think a game like Overwatch owes a lot to something like Doom.
I mean, sure, Overwatch draws from other places as well, as well as Blizzard's own perspective.
I'm not saying they're just ripoffs, but I think there's so much that, you know, certainly Doom really pushed forward.
And especially, you know, remember the other, ID Software was kind of really the king of those 3D games back in the day.
And that movement from Wolfenstein, which was its own amazing, you know, game.
But really, Wolfenstein was a 2D game in a 3D space, right?
Doom was a 3D game in a 3D space, where you started to have the elevation.
You had walls that weren't just square.
You had maps that, you know, were in different shapes.
Like, Doom really was, like, that pushed forward.
Yeah, I mean, I remember it was a CompUSA.
We had saw, like, Wolfenstein 3D being played on a PC.
And just, like, just a group of people around going like,
Holy crap, you know, this looks amazing.
Back in the day when shareware.
I fucking love shareware. It was great.
You'd go to a store, you'd buy a Wolfenstein 3D disc for, like, two bucks.
Or, like, some dirt cheap. You know, I'd buy a ton of those shareware discs.
Well, because you could only pay because they couldn't charge you for the shareware, but they could charge you for the disc.
That's what it was.
Yeah, yeah, I think so.
They had copies of it, and it was great.
Because, like, I'd pick up all these games, and if I liked them, cool.
I could send my money away, you know, for, you know, the full game.
Or, you know, wait until the BBS had the pirate, you know, that type of stuff.
But, um, it was a great way to do it.
And I remember they had Doom was, like, you know, on those discs as well one time, and I knew.
I remember being connected to a BBS for, like, an hour and a half just to download Doom.
Like, for real. Like, it's just, yeah.
Man, I miss the BBS community. Those were the days.
Old Man Alert. Let's see, Bonds006 says, Doom is the granddaddy of SPSs.
Tigerclaw says, Doom is definitely an important game in history.
The same as how Castle Wolfenstein is an important game, even though that was the first FPS game.
And, let's see, Bonds006 says, Doom, Unreal, Half-Life, WS, Wolfenstein, Counter-Strike.
Those games will never grow old to me.
So, yeah. It's important stuff, for sure.
Well, and then, like, Quake didn't come out that much longer after that,
so I'm thinking we're gonna be coming up on the 25th anniversary of Quake as well, right?
Because that wasn't much later.
Um, yeah. Quake wasn't much later. Quake was probably, what, like, nine months later, maybe?
Maybe a year.
It was probably a few years later.
Maybe. They'll do something really big for Quake, I'm sure.
Yeah.
Must be.
All right. Anyway, let's move on to the next story, Dark Sakura.
Wheel.
I'm sure we are all familiar with Hajime Tabata, who was the Final Fantasy XV director.
Well, he told Squenix to bite his butt. I'm kidding.
He actually left the position as a studio head of Luminous Production on October 31st,
and he is starting a company called JP Games.
Unquote says, um,
I started up my own company called JP Games, Inc.
Right now, we are preparing for a target January 2019 launch.
And to everyone who has assisted me until today, I kindly ask for your ongoing support.
So, there's no more information than that, but we'll see what happens.
All right.
Um, yeah, I mean, very interesting after that whole, uh,
him just kind of suddenly leaving Square after Final Fantasy XV was apparently losing money.
But, you know, wish him well.
You know, I think a lot went into that that is not necessarily dude's fault.
So, I wish him well and see what creative...
Sometimes, like, from Ashes...
And I wouldn't even call Final Fantasy XV, like, a disaster.
Like, it was a fine game.
It was a fine game.
But, you know, with the financials or whatever, perhaps not turning around the way they wanted,
and maybe the DLC just kind of went on a little bit too long.
I think maybe that planning that went into that is kind of where things went wrong.
You know, maybe something will rise up from the ashes, right?
You know, can flop designers make a great game later?
I'm not calling this guy a flop designer, but we've seen that, right?
You know, it's okay. You can make a bad game and then make good ones after that.
It happens.
So, all right.
Uh, well, let's move on.
All right. So, this was kind of cool and out of nowhere.
Apparently, there is a competitor now.
A new challenger arrives.
So, the Epic Game Store is something that was launched this week,
and basically, it is going to be a competitor to Steam,
another game storefront that you'll be able to put games on for sale,
and also to purchase stuff with your Epic Games account,
which a lot of people have Epic Games account,
because, you know, Fortnite is the shit right now,
and everybody is participating with that,
or you're like me, you have an Epic account because you use the Unreal Engine.
Speaking of which, so to kind of step back a little bit,
and so leading up to this,
or actually, we'll talk about this in a little bit.
So, there was a change in the revenue share on Steam.
So, Steam right now, for most people, takes like a 30% cut
of the revenue that you make on their storefront.
So, for example, if you publish a game there,
you'll get 70% of it.
Steam takes their 30% cut.
So, the main difference with this is the Epic Store
is actually only going to take a 12% cut on games.
So, you're actually earning an additional percentage there,
so 88% on those games.
And on top of that, so if you're using Unreal 4,
normally Epic takes a 5% cut of your revenue from that as well.
Well, if you use Unreal Engine 4 on the Epic Games storefront,
they're actually going to waive that 5% fee,
so it's still going to be 12% as well.
So, you can make a lot more money on the storefront.
Plus, being that the storefront is just starting off,
you have a lot more visibility as well,
so that's also a good thing.
What's kind of nice about this, though,
as a little bit of a perk to get people their eyes on it and stuff,
is they're actually going to start offering free games
every two weeks on the storefront.
No membership or anything.
You just basically create your free account
and you can add it to your library.
Well, I like free.
Tiger Claw on chat says,
I'm all for a free game every two weeks.
That's kind of where I'm at. I like free.
But the only thing, see, here's the thing.
Now you've got all these different companies
kind of giving you free stuff.
So, it's like I have Steam, of course,
because you have a huge library on Steam.
And once in a while, they might have a free game
or like a 99-cent game or something.
Or other sites that have free Steam codes for things.
But then you have now Twitch has their own store thing.
Origin, GOG.
Origin gives away free games.
GOG, once in a while, gives away free games.
There's another one, too.
And Transphobia, don't forget about that.
Well, that's a whole other thing, yes.
But we don't cheer on GOG like we used to.
PlayStations, Xbox.
Sure, if you're a yearly subscriber on those things, sure.
Damn it, there's another one.
Oh, Discord just did the store thing.
And they have like a plus plan type of thing
for their Discord Plus where they give away free games.
So that's the only bummer is that then it's like
you have all these different stores on your computer
and all these games.
But, well, see, Discord, I noticed,
is now very big on let us scan your computer
and we'll just put shortcuts to all your games
no matter where they're from right here in Discord.
Because I'll tell you what, those guys at Discord,
I honestly think those guys are so fucking smart.
I really do, and I'm not being paid by them.
Of course I use Discord as a fan.
We have a VOG Network Discord, plug plug.
I think what they have done since the beginning
is fucking smart, and it should be called out and commended.
They put a Trojan horse, the good kind, though,
not the virus kind, on everybody's computer
by offering those types of services
that people were paying for, TeamSpeak, Slack.
They give it to you for free,
and they got everybody to put Discord on their computers.
People put Discord on their phones.
When Nintendo couldn't step their pussy up, Discord did.
And Discord embraced the Pokemon Go thing
because that was a mess to coordinate
until Discord was like, use us for Pokemon Go.
And now look, now that they're everywhere in that regard,
they're like, oh, well, you know,
since we're here on your computer,
we're just gonna open up this little store right here.
Just if you're interested, no pressure,
come browse our little store.
Oh, by the way, if you're a Discord Plus member, though,
we'll give you free games.
And you know what, since you love Discord, we love you,
you know, we wanna be your one-stop shop
for all these games.
Why don't you just, come on, just let us load all the games.
Dude, they're so smart at what they're doing.
I honestly think, like, you know,
I don't wanna be dramatic or nothing,
but it is gaming media.
I think Discord is smarter
than any other gaming company out there right now.
Agree? Disagree?
I think it's pretty smart.
Pretty smart, but I don't know.
I mean, they'll fuck up eventually, everyone does.
But for right now?
I still think for that, though,
that before they do things automatically,
there'll be like a permission to allow.
I mean, it's one thing that I really like about,
just about any app that installs itself on like your Mac,
that it has to ask permission to access things like your photos,
like your camera, your microphone.
Even some of the Apple apps request that approval,
like GarageBand does it right now.
Windows 10 kind of took a lot of cues from that.
Like, I know with Windows 10,
there's a lot of things where it will come up and go,
so and so wants to access your device.
Would you allow this type of thing?
And even if it's not natively built into Windows 10,
a lot of the web browsers,
and because so much is built on either a Chrome frame
or an Internet Explorer frame,
which ironically, I know we all heard this week,
is just going to be a Chrome frame pretty soon anyway, right?
Am I right? Did you hear all that?
So anyway, but still not going to use it.
But those will also ask permission.
Like if you try to go to a website that wants to access your camera,
it's going to tell you.
So that way you know you're not broadcasting your picture,
you know, somewhere you don't want it to be.
And no, any website that wants some notifications to be sent to me,
you can fuck right off.
But to be fair, I do first remember that on an Apple system.
So now that's just kind of becoming the industry standard
when it comes to privacy.
But since countries like everybody in Europe
under the E-L-U-L-A or whatever that, sorry,
whatever that acronym is that governs all that,
that, you know, they have the strangest privacy standards now.
And I think everybody is kind of having to do these
to kind of conform to that, if that makes sense.
So anyway.
Anyway, so as I was talking about Epic Games.
Yeah, sorry.
Yeah, so with that, you know, some of the things that they want to do,
they basically said they want to have a direct relationship with players.
So they said people who buy your games automatically subscribe
to your newsfeed so you can actually send them updates.
So this is, you know, if you're putting content on the storefront.
You can connect with creators.
They're sending you YouTube content creators,
Twitch bloggers, and whatnot.
You control your game pages, and they, you know, welcome all engines.
In fact, they mentioned Unity on here as well, which is kind of cool.
And it's going to be a launcher that's available on PC and Mac,
which I think is pretty awesome.
And then, like I said, you know, two free games a month.
And in 2019, they're going to be doing that.
So let's see.
Actually, I think they're starting it this month as well.
So the first free game is going to be Subnautica,
which is, you know, like a $25 game.
And that's going to be coming out, or free copies available
from the 14th to the 27th of December.
And then after that, Super Meat Boy, which is from the 28th to January 10th.
So pretty awesome.
And then they're going to be doing that through 2019 as well.
So definitely looking forward to checking that out.
And I'll add yet another copy of Super Meat Boy,
which I have on literally every fucking platform that I practically own.
Except for the Switch. I don't have it on the Switch,
but my kids aren't playing that game.
That's it.
All right.
Fortnite, man, it's everywhere.
I was just at Target the other day.
They had like a Fortnite aisle.
Crazy.
Speaking of Fortnite, so my son started playing Fortnite.
And so he's decided that he wants V-Bucks for Christmas,
which is their in-game currency.
To which I've tried talking him out of that, because I'm like,
do you see how much this shit fucking costs?
I'm like, it's basically one to one.
So like, you know, $5 is $500 V-Bucks or whatever.
And like an emote or a dance is like $7.
I'm like, fuck that.
You do not need to pay $7 for a goddamn costume in a game.
That is not worth it.
Especially since I know how you play these games
and you fucking get tired of this game in like a moment's time
after you've bought in-game currency.
So I'll probably get him Robux instead,
which is also just throwing money.
It might as well just set the money on fire
because it's just, you know, pretty much a waste of money.
What's that game that Julian likes, Pirate101?
I remember he talked about it on the show a long time ago.
He's still playing it and he's 11.
Good for him.
But I mean, maybe, maybe a game like that would be fun.
Bitch, I still play Number Munchers.
He likes Octodad.
I had to explain the Oregon Trail to somebody
a little younger than me this week
and how that was like all the rage when we were like in grade school.
You know what I mean?
I had to kind of like explain why that game was cool.
Have you played the Oregon Trail?
Yes, I have played the Oregon Trail.
I have that, but I have not played it though.
The parody game, yes.
Oregon Trail is great.
Tigerklonchow wants to know about the kid.
Is he good at Fortnite?
Because that's a game that looks like it has a steep learning curve.
No, he is not very good at it.
He is looking forward to,
that was something that they announced during the Game Awards, though,
is that they've got a creative mode coming out.
So right now, apparently if you subscribe to their little
season pass or whatever they call it,
that you get access to it now.
Otherwise, us, you know,
normal people who don't pay money towards that,
you have to wait until, I think, the 13th to play that.
So he's looking forward to messing around with that.
He doesn't really know what he's doing in the game.
I mean, he might get a kill, you know,
but that's why I'm like, you know,
I don't really want to buy him.
I'm like, you know, for the amount of money, like,
it's been like,
it's like talking about this costume pack that was like $30.
I'm like, you could buy another game for that kind of money.
Like, why are you going to spend money on a costume
in a game that you're only going to play for a little bit?
Just, no.
Just don't.
So, that's it.
Just have him play Second Life.
No.
That's, that's just, no.
No one should play Second Life.
All right.
I mean, I guess it still is.
Nobody, nobody plays it anymore.
It's probably there. Well, somebody just brought,
Bonds006 in our chat just brought up Sony Home
saying, I blame Sony Home
for the normalized trend of buying clothes
for my in-game people.
And Second Life may really be something to blame for that,
or just that whole era.
I actually, isn't it weird that like,
despite how much we always kind of made fun of it a little bit,
like, there's stuff about Sony Home that I actually kind of miss.
Like, I just feel like there was so much potential there
that really didn't get realized.
Fortnite, I don't have a problem if you spend money on skins.
Like, if you're actually playing that a lot,
then I have no trouble with you,
no problem with you spending money on that kind of stuff
if you want to support the game.
But I know my kids,
and they don't have the attention span
to play that game for hundreds and hundreds of hours.
I want it, I want it, I want it,
and then they'll have it, and it's like, okay, cool, bye.
And then they're going to play something else.
I get it.
We have Minecraft, I needed Minecraft,
and then I got Minecraft, and no.
KumaJP suggests, let him earn his own
to buy stuff like that.
Yeah, make him do chores.
Alright, anyway.
Let's talk a little bit about
what is going on on Steam's marketplace
because they are doing a new little profit sharing thing
that doesn't have any developers very happy.
In short,
right now, revenue for Steam games is split
70-30, so the developer gets 70%,
Valve gets 30%,
as we know, Epic is undercutting this
quite a bit, and that's going to be a huge deal.
18%.
But, from now on,
Valve is only going to take 25%
if the earnings are above
10 million, and only 20%
if the earnings go beyond
50 million.
Oh, how generous of that.
However, the first 10 million will still be split
70-30, and it's going to impact any revenue
after October 1st.
So, this really does
jack and shit for indie developers.
It's still going to be 70-30.
But, I mean, here's the thing.
This was announced almost
at the exact same time that
Epic whipped it out and put it
on the table, so to speak.
Yeah, they announced theirs first, and Epic's like,
oh, by the way, since you guys are fucking
pissed off about this announcement,
here's our $399 US dollars.
That's what they did.
Okay?
And, yes, that's a throwback to the infamy series.
You want to talk about trading games?
That's right. You want to talk about
paying those fees for the
Unreal Engine? Yeah, let's talk about that.
So, very interesting
what they've done there.
That may cause Steam to make a counterplay.
You know, the thing is,
Epic is
the company to take on Steam right now
because Epic has Fortnite.
Steam doesn't have any
new games that are huge.
Speaking of, I forgot one of the announcements
that they made during the whole
Game Awards. If it's not Half-Life 3,
I don't give a fuck. It's not Half-Life 3.
It's Counter-Strike.
Counter-Strike GO is going free to play,
and they have this new
battle royale mode
called Danger Zone,
which is in there. Please tell me
we played Kenny Loggins. They didn't
play Kenny Loggins, but
yeah, so now they're trying to compete directly
with that by having Counter-Strike GO
be free to play, which pissed
so many people off.
So many people are not happy
about that either.
Well, Valve also wanted to explain
why a certain Steam algorithm
led to smaller games losing traffic.
There was a bug in October that made
the more-like-this section of
pages, I guess, start acting up
in favor of more popular games
on Steam. Valve did fix this, but
it kept a change that factored
in the sales, the wishlist
popularity, so the games that saw
traffic got changed as a result.
So, I guess now a new algorithm
is in place, and it shows fewer
products to a subset of customers. Anyway,
Valve is saying the traffic has recovered
towards the end of October as a result,
and things have stabilized, but again,
indie developers kind of got one-two
punched with
both these news articles this week.
By the way, have you all checked out
Falling Plus on Steam?
Support our buddy YYR, just
because he needs it right now after
hearing these one-two stories. I hope you all
And honestly, if you're not going to support
YYR because his games don't call to you,
then cool, support somebody. Go
buy an indie game. We've had tons of indie developers
here on this game. Timespinner,
go get that, or Monsters &
Monocles, they'd love your money too. Any of those
games we've had here on this show, go give them some
money. They'd appreciate that.
Alright.
Anyway.
Moving on, just a few more stories for you guys
before we get to the classic peripheral of the month.
The last one ever!
Because we're going to change it in 2019, but we'll get there in a minute.
For now, Dark Sakura, what do you have
for us? Well, there
is a game that we
used to talk some shit about
until we figured out it was actually good.
That is coming out
on Instant Games on Facebook.
You want to know what that is?
Pump It Up!
HTML5 edition. How do you play
that on Facebook? I have no fucking clue.
I guess with a keyboard.
Well, Andamiro has
decided to go via Facebook, so
it is playable on
mobile, PC, or anywhere else
with an internet connection.
It has 100 songs, different play
modes, custom play styles,
and they'll release more information over
time. Now, if it actually
has a dance pad, that'll be even
better, but no, probably not.
But anyway,
star points are used to buy the songs
and you start off with 10.
Step points are used to play the game, and you start
with 60 step points, so with each song, and depending
on how well you do, you earn
more star points as a reward.
And I'm pretty
sure that you can
buy more, but right now, the only thing
you've got up there is Pump It Up! H5
on Instant Games on Facebook.
And that's it.
Okay, cool. Like, you know,
it's not something I'm probably going to invest a lot of time
in, but sure, more
mobile games on the go. Why not? As long as
Run To You is on it, I don't care.
Bounce with me, bounce with me. Oh, I love
that song. Anyway.
Act F does want to point out, there was Pump It
Up! Portable on the PSP,
two of them, so there was, I guess, another
portable version a long time ago, but
who has a working PSP? I shouldn't say that.
Probably a lot of people have to work through PSPs.
I'm not sure if they're working.
Do you know what somebody tweeted about today that made me
go, aw, somebody tweeted,
and I'm sorry, I forgot who you are, but somebody tweeted me
saying, I first started listening
to OLR because of OLRPSP.com,
which hasn't been updated since you first started listening.
Does it even still work?
I think we stopped paying for it.
It's long gone.
There's probably a domain squatter there now.
But, um, yeah, I just remember,
like, oh, remember, I just
want to kind of give you a pat on the back, Loki,
because a lot of that PSP innovation was you. You did
good in that time. Like, that
PSP stuff that we really embraced. It was very limited
what we could do with that. I know, but still,
I loved having
more podcast stuff on a
gaming platform. You know what I mean?
It's harder to do that now. I can't just whip
up an Xbox One game. Thanks to PSP
Radio that they have their
radio app or whatever.
Aw, everybody in chat is having a
moment to pour one out for OLRPSP.
Oh.
Bonds006 says, OLR for PSP
was the shit. I mean,
I wish we'd done something
that smart since.
Oh, well.
We'll do it for Game Boy at Pants Browser.
Alright,
moving on. Just a couple more stories.
Loki. So, the Game Wars wasn't the only
kind of game showcase that would happen
this week. Also, there was the kind of funny
game showcase, which
they showed off a stream of
a bunch of different indie games that are going to be
coming out in 2019. So,
some of these are actually pretty cool.
They showed a new trailer for Super Meat Boy
Forever, which I guess is now releasing April
2019, and of course, you guys are aware
what Super Meat Boy is.
There's a game called Moving Out, which is
by the guys that did Overcooked
in Overcooked 2,
which looks hilarious. It's a game basically about
moving your friends out of a house,
but it's just like Overcooked
that's kind of silly and fun.
So, that's going to be coming
out on PC and consoles also in
2019. Showed another trailer
for ToeJam and Earl Back in the Groove,
which is coming out March 1st.
Then they've got,
let's see, a game called Quarantine
Circular, which is out on the Switch
already. Conan
Unconquered,
which looked like a new Conan
game. Human Fall
Flat Dark, which is going to be a DLC
update to that game.
They had a game called Vain,
which I don't really get to watch this
trailer, but it looks like
some artsy
indie game there, and I guess you can turn into
a bird. And then they had
a game called, this made me think of you Rob,
Supermarket Shriek.
It's about a guy,
a guy and a goat. It's me
when I see box wine is on sale.
A guy and a goat being
like going through a
supermarket screaming and they have to
crash into a bunch of stuff. I don't really know what it was,
but it looks hilarious. I'm
so down, it sounds great. So yeah, that's
going to be coming out as well.
A game called Fold Apart, which is
a game about
these two characters that have
a long distance
love
for each other and they have to
use this page folding
mechanic to get them to meet
each other. And that's going to be coming out as
well soon. And then
Desert Child, which is a cyberpunk
beat-em-up racer game.
That's like retro. That's going to be coming
out on consoles and
PC as well.
Actually, that's coming out this week
on December 11th. So PS4,
Switch, and PC. And the
little trailer that they had for it looks very
reminiscent of Cowboy Bebop.
So, looks pretty awesome.
Seeya Tiberian
chat says Rob Roberts is low-key
turning into Monique Hart tonight.
OK! Brown Cow
stunning! Yeah, but Supermarket
Shriek looks awesome because
I so watch Supermarket
Sweep all the time. And
that show is fantastic.
But this doesn't necessarily look like that.
It's just like ridiculous. I can just imagine
you know the goat screaming sound and some guy
screaming for no
reason whatsoever.
Rob needs to stream that.
I'm going to do it. Done. We're going to do
some Supermarket Shrieking.
Oh girl.
You should play it too, DartSagra. Be fun.
Something else that I
probably won't be streaming anytime soon because that would
involve me having to buy one is the PlayStation
Classic. They're all over the place. They're just
sitting on shelves. Please buy
one. Well, here's the
thing. Is
it really news for me
to say they're already finding
ways how to hack these things wide-ass open?
Is that news?
No. Is it really news?
No.
But here I am.
Apparently some USB keyboards
can be plugged into the PlayStation Classic
and it will allow you
I'm sorry, this is just funny.
It will allow you to access the emulator
settings because of course
the PlayStation Classic is using some open source
emulator and you can just go in there and
access the emulator settings with certain
keyboards. I don't know what it is but I guess some
will work some more. Some Corsair and
stuff keywords and ironically
enough I have one of the compatible keyboards
for that. How about that? Yep.
Now they are saying use with caution
because you don't know how you're going to fuck up your PlayStation.
I had heard that somebody went in
there and just changed some
setting and got the
US versions of those games.
Yeah you can change the rendering setting from
NTSC to auto to
PAL and you do that. And then there is
also a way they can also change
I think you can overclock the system like 20%
doing that as well.
Which got I guess Ridge Racer
type R4 to actually
run correctly.
Now I don't know if I fully
understand what exactly happened
here but I guess somebody went into the
PlayStation and data mined it.
Which is you know everything gets mined for data right?
It was the source
code because the reason
why is the
licensing that they had on there.
There was a dump of
the core that was
on a PCSX
PlayStation emulator. So they had to have
I think they dumped it to
GitHub or something like that. So they had
the source on there. So it
showed that there were 36
other games I guess like their
names were buried in the code or there was something
pointed to these games in the code
that make it seem like these games
were like tested on this
or at one point were possibly
being included but it ended up not
being included. And so of course you know
as I'm about to name some of these games
these are all the games you really wanted right?
Such as Chocobos
Mysterious Dungeon, Crash
Bandicoot, Driver
I said that for you Logie. Or guys
I also said that for you Logie.
Clona, Clonoa
I love Clonoa.
Let's see, Parappa the Rappa I said that for myself.
Silent Hill, I said that for
everybody because if you have taste you love Silent Hill.
Sweet Coden
and the first two Tomb Raider games. Obviously
the list is gigantic there's many more I'm not
saying. So some
reports saying these games are actually there on
the console but nobody's... No I think they're not.
Yeah I think that would have been a really dumb thing
to leave on there and it could have left them open to a lawsuit
but certainly some things are pointing
out. Weren't some of those in the Japanese
version because the Japanese version got different games
than we did. We got, like they got
Armored Core and
I don't know about, I don't think they get
Ergites but I thought they had Parasite Eve
over there. Yes they do they have some different
they have some more RPG type games. So Parasite Eve I could
see that but
yeah they got the better list out of this
Clonoa. Well it depends on what you're into but
from my perspective yes I agree
they got the better list.
Anyway let's
take a trip down memory lane
shall we?
We're going to do the classic game of the week where every
week Dark Soccer steps into the gaming vault and finds
a game that she thinks hey you brats
you should be playing this game this week you don't need no
PlayStation Classic for this. It's a little sticky
and gross. But this week it
is a little bit different because Dark
Soccer for the past 11
months every month in 2018
once a month she has flipped
the damn script
and she's done a peripheral to
highlight instead of a game. As you do
as you do once in a while. It's how we keep it fresh.
So anyway this is the last
one we're going to do something else in 2019
so we'll talk about that in a minute.
But what is the last classic
peripheral of the week?
It is actually two
peripherals. But they are
very similar in concept.
The first one is
the VMU our visual memory
unit for Dreamcast. And so
I didn't really want to have a YouTube of just
Dreamcast noises. I do
have just that lovely
intro.
It's
just like
you took the world's biggest P.
It's just refreshing. Thank God. I would
go for a Dreamcast
classic mini. Yes me too.
It sounds like the
nasty plunge. So anyway
and now you're just going to hear Sonic Adventure because
that's what I picked.
You know Dan was actually
watching like a full playthrough of that the other day.
It's probably the same
one I'm looking at right now.
Much longer. Anyway
but Sonic used the VMU.
Yes so the visual memory unit also
known as the visual memory system
was
a memory card
that was produced by Sega for the Dreamcast.
It had a
monochrome LCD
multiplayer gaming
capability via the connectors on
top. Second screen functionality
a real time clock file manager
built in flash memory and
sound capability.
It actually before the launch
of the Dreamcast
in Japan
there was actually a special
Godzilla edition. Guess who owns one?
This bitch. I also have
the Ghidorah one. And yes
I raised my mini Godzilla like
a freaking Tamagotchi.
So
it is at its
most basic function
it is a memory card.
It's a storage device. But it also
will give you like certain
layout things like
you know a heart sensor in some
games you know for your characters health.
You know all kinds of
different stuff but it has like some other console
like features on it. Including
a D-pad. It had
a couple of buttons. It had
you know
different you know like a mode
and a sleep button.
But there were also
other special edition VMUs
like the ones released by Sonic Team
Capcom and the Hello Kitty one by
Sanrio.
So it will plug directly into
the controller of the
Dreamcast. And of course
that's how you would look down on it to do
different playing. You can
also hook one to
the other via the connectors on the top like I mentioned.
The VMU runs on
two CR2032 lithium
batteries that are inserted
into the rear VMU.
I will tell you this.
My Japanese VMUs
still freaking work.
Just saying.
But a VMU without battery power will
beep when the Dreamcast is powered on
if the VMU
is inserted into the
Dreamcast controller.
So as far as
its technical capabilities
it had 128 kilobytes
of flash memory.
Holy moly! 48 by 32
LCD screen.
So basically a VMU
is two Commodore 64's stuck
taped together.
But it actually would fit in
your pocket.
It had a one channel PWM sound
source. It had
the D-pad. Four input buttons
and one reset button.
It, like I said, functions as a
memory card, second screen, minigames,
a calendar to file manager.
It only weighed like
one and a half ounces.
It was really really tiny.
So as far as the data
that it would store,
28 kilobytes of it were
reserved for system usage and
100 kilobytes were used for data
storage which was divided into 200 blocks.
And then homebrew programs
like Dream Explorer or the VMU tool
would unlock
more of the reserved space
that you could save more on it.
As far as different minigames
you had Chao Adventure
from Sonic Adventure
games. You had
Sega GT
included Pocket GT which was
kind of a top down racer
a bit like how Spy Hunter did.
But now
as I was mentioning for Code Veronica
you had a heart meter on it
that would show you your character's health.
And that was pretty cool.
Now people have done different homebrew
games on it.
Including a version of Metroid,
VMU
Deepak Man, Breakout, Space Invaders,
Tetris, VMU Fighter
which is a side scrolling shoot em up.
VMU Chao Editor 1 and 2
so you can make your own Chao.
VMU Football for American
Football. VMU A Sketch
which was an Etch A Sketch thing.
And 3D First Person Shooter.
So
some of the games that would use
them to put in different extras
is like that Cardcaptor Sakura game
that I have Rob. They came with the plate
and all that shit. I'll never get over
the fact that you bought a game with a plate.
And a clock and a spoon.
It also had a pillow case.
But it came with a version of Breakout,
Oyatu, and Toba Kero
and it had a clock with different themes on it.
I'm looking at some
of the other ones in here. Godzilla Generation
had Atsumete Godzilla,
Gamera Dream Battle and
Mothra Dream Battle. Jet Set Radio
1
had, well Jet Grind Radio, Jet Set Radio
had a graffiti transfer.
Marvel vs. Capcom 2 would let you do
character transfer, colors,
and stages.
Pop and Music had
Pop and Music Anywhere minigame.
Power Stone came with three different games
on it. Like
Gun Rock's Gun Gun Shot, Falcon's
Aerial Adventure, Ayame's Shuriken
Training.
Look at some of the other ones on here. I'm just going through
some of the best. Shenmue had Shenmue goodies
and training instructions.
We got all the chao ones.
Let me see what else.
Trick Style had Trick Style Jr.
on it. Time Stalkers came with different
minigames. Tokyo
Bus Guide had a traffic sign
quiz.
Other things is like what they would do just like
you know plugged into the games like
Ready to Rumble would add a punch
count and a hit percentage.
Quick 3 Arena played
different
animations. Pop and Music
had Virtual Pop and Music Controller.
Namco Museum
sorry that was the one that came with
Packet.
NFL 2K came with
Secret Plays.
F355 Challenge came with
Arcade Connectivity.
Dino Crisis, Health Condition, and Ammo Count.
So there's just all kinds of different stuff.
D2 had
a
what's the word I'm thinking of? A compass.
Girl you're going to go all night if you read every game
So for the other versions
that came out there were
some memory cards
that came out like a VMU that
had none of the VMU features.
So they had no display
input button, speaker, built in clock
but they had
multiple pages to save. There was the
4X memory card that Sega released.
It had 800 blocks.
I think I have one of those too.
It did not come out in Europe.
There were of course a bunch
of third party memory cards.
But as far as the
reception goes, GamesRadar
said in a 10 year retrospective
it was one of their favorite storage devices.
Because it was
such an original concept.
That brings me to the knockoff
concept. The Pocket Station.
Dun dun dun.
How about some
some
Vibrobin Music Rob?
Oh I will work on that right now.
You know I love me some Vibrobin.
So Pocket Station
is basically Sony's
version of the VMU.
It
was sold as a
combination memory card and a
miniature personal digital assistant
that had a monochrome
LCD, infrared communication
capability, a real time clock
built in flash memory and sound capability.
To use the memory card
it has to be connected to a Playstation
and it was released exclusively in Japan
on January 23, 1999.
It was
used for specific
games.
It was actually
delayed with its release.
And of course
Sony was actually planning on releasing it outside of
Japan, but the release
never happened due to
inability to meet
the Japanese demand for
they were focusing on the Japanese market.
But a few games such as Final Fantasy 8
and Saga Frontier 2
still had Pocket Station functionality for
their local versions.
The most popular game for Pocket Station was
Doko demo Isho
which sold 1.5 million
copies in Japan.
It was the first game to star
Sony's mascot, Toro.
Who was that
little funny Sony cat looking thing?
The Pocket Station
was discontinued in July 2002.
Now
it was announced that the Pocket Station
was going to be revived
as an application for Playstation Vita.
It was
only available at first to Playstation Plus
members and then was released to the
general public and was exclusive
to Japanese Playstation Vitas.
It
actually had a smaller screen
on it than the Dreamcast.
Five input buttons, one reset
buttons. It did
have bi-directional infra-red.
The
battery it used was a 1 CR 2032
lithium battery.
It had calendar functions and
identification numbers. It weighed
30 grams and it came in different colors.
There was white, crystal clear.
Black for the
Yu-Gi-Oh! Forbidden Memories limited edition
in Japan. Crystal slash clear
pink for Tokimeki Memorial 2
limited editions.
It worked with DDR.
Everything from third mix,
fourth mix, and fifth mix.
It worked with Soul
Hackers. It worked with Digi-One Trainers,
Final Fantasy VIII, Fire Pro G,
Grandia,
IQ Final,
Jade Cocoon, Jojo's Bizarre Adventure.
I'm just trying to think of some other
games that people would know over here. Legend of Mana.
Weren't they going to re-release
Vib-Ribbon? Did it ever come out?
It did on the Vita and I thought it came out on
Playstation 3. I don't know if it ever did on
Playstation 4. Remember, Playstation 4 can't play
PS1 games. Well, I don't know why I said
Vib-Ribbon because it doesn't work with it.
I guess
I just wanted to hear Vib-Ribbon.
She just wanted to hear Vib-Ribbon.
It worked with Ray Crisis.
Also, super awesome
game. It worked with R4.
You know what game that I played that it
worked with?
You don't get music anymore.
Final Fantasy VIII? Didn't Final Fantasy VIII work
with it? That's what I said earlier.
It also did work with
Shirooch Justice Gakuen
which was
the evolution disc for Rival Schools
because there was that
dance mode on it. I remember I used to leave it
plugged into my Playstation
and
I'd do some mode where the chocobo would
walk and it would get items
and I just left it running
overnight or a couple days
and I had like a hundred or so
items from that made the game
so much easier.
It really did actually work with quite a good
number of games.
Chocobo Stallion?
Ark the Lad 3
I'm just again trying to think of games that
I know of that people might
recognize. Love Hina 2
Metal Gear Solid
Integral
and actually Metal Gear Solid
Integral was one of the US games that would
work with. Same with Ray
Ray Crisis
and then Rival Schools 2
and Rockman Complete Works
and there you go. So yeah
it was pretty popular
but alas
it only had a three year life.
Alright.
It lived about as long as a beta.
So there it is. Your classic peripheral of
the month. The pairing of the
VMU and the PocketStation
which kind of mixed memory with portable
gaming with...
With boredom alleviation. I feel like it was
the precursor to other second screen
things like cell phone
gaming. What do they call that
Microsoft thing that was short lived? Share
screen? Second screen? What do they call that whole thing?
Or the Wii U quite frankly.
Or
even the DS.
Kinda. Or what's really kind of like mobile
phones now I think honestly has kind of filled in that
void. Thank you Smart Glass.
We actually have color. Don't be a
smart glass. Alright. Before
we go to our music break I do
want to recap since that was the last
speaking of music classic peripheral
of the month. Hold on though. I want to
recap our twelve peripherals of
the twelve days of peripherals. So
we had in January the
U Force. February
was the activator.
March was the NG
Con. April
was the Saturn Twin Stick slash Dreamcast
Twin Stick. May
was the XE1 AP.
June was the trans vibrator
cause obviously if we're gonna do
a peripheral we had to do the trans vibrator at some point.
So she did that for my birthday month.
Dance Pads in July.
Cause you know it was a show that we met
playing DDR so we've done our fair share of dance pads.
August was the sewing machine.
It was the
Raku Raku mission. The sewing
machine. Yes. The sewing machine's awesome.
September was the Sega 3D glasses.
And October was the
Steel Battalion controller cause we kinda did a
combo that week. And then last
month was the Wii Balance board and we ended
it with the VMU and the Pocket Station.
So. Yes.
So starting in 2019
so here's the thing. 2017 we mixed
it up with the classic system of the month.
This year was the classic peripheral
of the month. So next year in 2019
not only will you get
several classic games of the week every month
but once a month you're gonna get the
drum roll. We're gonna get the classic
soundtrack. Game soundtrack.
Awesome.
This is just a way for you to re-highlight
games you've already done isn't it?
Not particularly no. Because
there and I'm actually gonna try to
avoid the usual stuff like Super Metroid
and Final Fantasy. Well I mean you don't have to.
Well and the thing is
I want this to actually extend
for a couple years because there are so many
awesome soundtracks.
And there are games out
there that one wouldn't think about the
degree of how awesome the soundtrack are.
And I may or may not do some of the ones
that I'm gonna name but Zero Wing.
I mean how's that?
There is also
oh what was that shooter game
that used
2 Unlimited's music?
Oh okay.
So like games that maybe used some
like cool music that you may have forgot about
type of thing. Okay I'm down with that.
You know and I'm not gonna go for like anything relatively
new either. I'd like to focus on 16
and 32 bit systems.
Even 8 bit systems like Wrecka.
Although you really should do Alan Wake.
Oh my god the licensed music in that game is so good.
But it's your segment. I'm gonna be going
for original pieces.
You know I'm just trying to think about
Ys III Wanderers from Ys.
Had a really good soundtrack and it's not one that people
would just oh Wanderers from Ys
or oh here's another one Rob.
Bejeweled
on iPhone. Okay.
And I'll tell you this
that game has some freaking astounding music
in it for a little iPhone game.
I can co-sign with Bobby Blackwell suggesting
Last Ninja on Commodore 64.
That's one of the greatest like
soundtracks that use that chipset.
Well and see that's what I want to do
is I want to focus on the things
that I
that I know
people wouldn't think of at first for like
amazing soundtracks. Right.
So you're gonna stay away from Final Fantasy 6 cause we all know that one.
You know those types of things.
Exactly. Okay.
I think it'll be fun.
How about Acid Tetris?
As a soundtrack featuring
our pal. Okay forget it.
I tried. I tried.
Alright. But at any rate
you know and I'd be happy
to take suggestions. I mean
I kind of wanted to do this one
twice a month. Instead
I'm gonna do it for over the next couple
years. Because
I think that there
are enough
I'd say
unrecognized or
what's the word I'm thinking of like not regularly
thought about.
You know soundtracks that
I think deserve a little bit of love. Sounds
good to me. Or fuck even the Guardian Legend
soundtrack is pretty fucking amazing.
But no one thinks about it. Because
honestly there are still people out there
those poor ignorant
fools who don't know what
awesomeness the Guardian Legend is. Basically them
kids. They get Gen Z.
They need to get the fuck
off my lawn and get into my house
on my Nintendo.
Right. And play some
fucking good games you dumb shits.
Classic soundtrack of the month coming in
2019. Please look forward to it.
Yes. Ewada bow. Alright.
That's gonna do it for part A. But we've
got plenty more show to come. We're gonna take a quick
break here live. We haven't done a break
live in a while because thanks to Radio Magic.
But we are gonna take a break and when we come back we have
more of Orange Lounge Radio right after
this. Please don't go anywhere.
Welcome back everybody to Orange
Lounge Radio. Live and in progress
here at the Voice Geeks Network.
For episode number 755
December 9th of
2018. Our show already in progress.
Already running pretty long.
Having a lot of good times. I think something about
Jamie being here and having another person to bounce
everything off of I think helps the show be that
three hour length we're used to. A lot
of the shows without you Jamie have been like two and a half
two. It's just shorter
when there's less people to talk to here.
So. Anyway.
I have a
I'm
happy to be here. I mean I like
having my Sundays off and I don't like
working on Sundays. I know. I know.
But you know what? Good for you and your job and I
know you're doing the type of work you
were more wanting to be doing. So sometimes
you have to make changes to do that. Radio magic
has been fun. Honestly and I was mentioning this
to the live only people.
But the radio magic stuff that we did
has been fun and it's actually
kind of got my gears turning for
why don't we do something like this all the time
even though you might still be here in studio
maybe there's a way we can do pre-recorded
segments that kind of allow us to
have a break in studio but still
do everything that you kind of get during the show.
I've been wanting to do a mini cast.
Yeah. That's like
maybe an expansion of the
classic game. Yeah maybe. Like
Jamie talk shit about games. Or something like
I know I know there are some there's a couple
of you out there that missed the
Pokestop podcast. Maybe something
like that once a month for like seven minutes just
to recap like what we've been doing. Maybe we'll be fun.
So I don't know. There's a lot of a lot of ideas
kind of floating around out there. We'll see what we
land on. Just a little bit of behind the scenes stuff.
Yeah. I am
actually working on my iMac right now.
And I've already got
logic. So
I've already
I'm going to be ordering
an interface.
And I'm going to be getting hijack
for my own computer.
So I'll be able to start doing like
more like Skype feeds and everything.
It would be kind of like a bit like pump up the volume
was. Except it just be me
and whoever calls and talking shit.
But you know what. That's a thing people do on
Twitch. Like just chilling. I think
that's like a category. I don't know if that's what the categories
go. Just chatting I think is what it's called maybe.
But I would use Twitch for that.
But I'd record it. Yeah. You know
why not. And just I don't know how to do
it live because I don't think I'm going to use shoutcast.
But we'll see what happens.
We'll see. Anyway as
as we were addressing with the live
listeners I think the theme
an appropriate theme for
the future of O.L.R. and why
we're doing this big change. You know after 16 years
look to the sky. That's what it is
right. Look to the sky. I'm just
really excited. I'm really to this guy.
I'm really hopeful that
we will be able to grow after
you know it's we haven't had a lot of
new people. Don't get me wrong. I really appreciate
every new person that comes around to O.L.R. and I know some friends
I've told about the show started listening and so forth.
I really appreciate that. But like on a bigger scale
we have not really been able to grow in a very long time.
And I think this is going to really help us to do
that. So I really hope you guys will welcome in
with open arms next week the new people
that are going to poke in on Twitch being like what
the hell's this. You know as long as
you know you know the number
one rule is going to be be
cool. Like don't
don't be a jerk. So anyway
as long as I'm sorry we don't take dick
pics. Yeah but most honestly
I don't get I don't get a lot
of bullshit on Twitch like when I
watch stuff like the Pokemon reruns
or like Bob Ross especially
like you know you would think like watching
Bob Ross with the chat room is just going to be like the
worst thing in the world but actually like the chat
room made that whole experience.
It really did. So I'm
I'm hopeful. I really am.
Alright anyway
let's move on. We've still got some news
too. We still have a show to do. Changes
or not we're still going to be covering the news. So let's
get to it. Loki with some rapid fire
news starting us off. Yep. So
there is a new mod for
the Game Boy Advance to allow
you to connect it via
HDMI to a TV.
It'll actually upscale it and everything. So it's
the GBA Consolizer
and
it's by this guy
Steven Williams who goes by Woozle
on YouTube. And basically
it's this device that you actually have to wire
up to a
Game Boy Advance. It even has a
Super NES controller
port. So you can actually hook up
Super NES controller to it as well.
But it'll upscale it. It looks awesome.
It has lots of different
tweaks. So you can actually
adjust
the color to see what it would actually look like
without the backlight and everything
or
even just
being able to
I guess
make it look like other screens. They have options
to select between the different types of screens that you would
play it on. Even like a PSP as well.
Pretty cool though.
And I'm not sure if it's for sale
just yet but probably
is going to be something that he's going to offer
at some point.
Pretty cool looking device. So they were showing
off like Yoshi's Island
and everything with that Mario Kart
Super Circuit. It's all
upscaled and crisp.
So you can do that or
you can
buy a
SNES Classic or any
of their device and just throw it
on there for
cheap and upscale it yourself.
But this is actually using
the legit hardware though.
Fair enough.
Alright and then
so there's
going to be some more backwards compatibility
for Xbox One.
I know that everybody's looking forward to this
but Duke Nukem Forever is now
supported on the
Xbox One. For the dozens and dozens
of people that play that game. There's several
of you.
Also The Darkness is getting
support as well and XCom
Declassified. Those were
Xbox 360 tells.
Cool.
Neat.
But seriously though there are better games than
Duke Nukem Forever.
All of the games.
Literally any other game.
Anyhow
except what was the one that Shane called in to talk
about a couple weeks ago? The Quiet Man?
The Quiet Place? Remember that one he called in
a couple weeks ago? He's like this game is fucking terrible.
He actually was texting me about
it earlier this week because I guess they
he's like
I kinda almost want to play it again after
that trailer but he's like but it's so
bad.
But now they have audio in the game
so it's not fucked up.
That'll be a thing
we can do for a break in the future is
make a new person play The Quiet
Man.
Make Loki play The Quiet Man. I love this.
Anyhow.
I would say we'd do that if we didn't get emails
but then that's just gonna
convince people not to send us emails so we're not gonna.
Alright.
Moving on let's talk about some retro
sales numbers. For every email we receive
I have to play The Quiet Man for one minute.
I like where this is
going. Alright. Yeah but I gotta read
em. Alright moving on.
Retro consoles were a big deal
this year and in fact one out of every
five consoles sold in the US this year
was a retro device. That is according to
NPD's Matt Piscatella.
We're getting to that part of the year where
we're gonna look back on the year in review.
2018 in review.
When it comes to
console sales one out of every five was a retro
console. Of course Nintendo snatched
all the wigs when it came to the retro world
with their classic NES
coming back and of course the classic SNES
which just came out last year.
Reggie Fils-Aime in an interview with the New York Times
suggesting why these are
being sold so well and why people
love them so much. Remember
people remember the colors and shape
of the console and the feel of the controllers
from their childhood and they have a visceral
reaction when they first fire up their
favorite NES or Super NES
games. Or if you're Loki
you have that reaction the first time you hack
the fuck out of that thing. That's what he said.
Believe it or not.
Funny enough I actually did play
that was one thing I did play this week I forgot
to mention. Not the NES
classic but I played the
NES games that you get for free
well not free cause you pay for the online service
so the NES
collection that they have
on there. So I played Dr. Mario
because I was like bored and I didn't know what games
to play. I played a little bit of that and that was
alright.
But yeah I think a lot of those
consoles are selling also because you don't sell any fucking
games through virtual console anymore so
it's their only way to get them.
So but no
they're pretty decent consoles.
I can't wait to see the NPD numbers for the
PlayStation Classic though.
Those are not gonna be good.
Yeah we'll see what that looks like pretty soon.
I'll still pick one up at some point
when it gets fully hacked open and it's
dropped in price. By the way act deft
with a compromise idea on your Quiet Man
thing. One minute of
Loki playing the Quiet Man for every
single email that is well written and has
good grammar. Then he won't be
playing at all. Hooray!
That's his win win. So we'll go
for that. Alright. Bobby
Blackwell suggests I'll get a PlayStation Classic
if it's $20. That's my bar.
I feel like
if the price on those starts to fall fast
which I think is gonna happen. Those fuckers
are gonna end up at big lots. Just wait.
I'd buy one for $20 too.
Why not?
I bought a Dreamcast for $40. They were way too
expensive for the price. They really were.
I don't know. It's just
They still hold up
well. Even if you watch the
Digital Foundry video where they're talking about
the visuals and stuff and the different emulators
that are available. They're like
this is running on the PCSX
Classic
and this is what
PCSX also can look like.
Why didn't we get
that? Because that looks great.
This looks like shit.
Speaking of things that might have cost
too much when they first came out, Street Fighter
5 is going to be getting some in-game
advertisements.
Capcom calls it sponsored
content and it's coming on the 11th of December
and it's going to show you about
costumes, bundles, and the Capcom Pro Tour.
You can turn these
game ads off, but players
of course are encouraged to keep them on because you
get extra fight money in ranked
and casual matches when you have them enabled.
Boy oh boy.
Extra fight money for watching ads. Wow that sounds like a
mobile fucking game. Every character
has ad-style costumes where the sponsored
content will appear somewhere on the clothing or model.
So for example, here's Ryu and Balrog
where they have the
Capcom Pro Tour logo
like they're a fucking NASCAR.
I don't have a problem with the Capcom Pro Tour
stuff, but like, we're going to get
Cup Noodle shit. Can I get
a Cup Noodle tattoo on my buttocks?
That's what I would like to have on my
in-game character. Cup Noodle.
That was some fucking
weird crossover shit for me.
But you know what?
More people
have talked about Cup Noodles since that game came out
than ever did before. Well then there was the Pizza Hut
crossover that they had with, I think it was
like, um, oh god what was it?
Uh, Neptunia? I can't remember
It fucking works, Loki. I see like
Cup Noodles stacked and stacked and stacked
at Target or something and I kind of giggle.
I go, heh, Cup Noodle. Final Fantasy.
And then I go, god damn it, it worked.
I'm a consumer whore.
It was super extra. It was just ridiculous.
Anyway, you can
turn in-game ads off, but obviously
people are obviously irritated about it
because...
No, this um,
meme that somebody did where they have like a
Pornhub logo on the floor and KFC
in the background, yeah that's pretty fucking great.
Honestly, I would keep in-game ads on if I'm
gonna get like KFC advertisements.
And Pornhub. And Pornhub, hell yeah.
Somebody needs to hack that
so that it just plays a random Pornhub
video in the background on those stages. You know
that's something hackers are gonna be working on.
No they're not.
Loki. Rule 34.
Is it rule 34 or 37?
Rule 34 of the internet. If you
envision it, it will be made.
Well that's just if there's gonna be porn.
There's always porn for...
So why are you sitting here breaking rule 34?
Somebody is going to porn
Street Fighter 5. Wait for it.
They've already done that with costume
hacks and stuff. Do you know, especially
not to sidetrack things too much,
but with Tumblr
about to lose
all of their porn.
Well it's nice to see how they're gonna go the way of the MySpace
Pornhub is
like, hey-o
Tumblr people, come over here
because Pornhub is
another one of those companies that for what it is
we all know what Pornhub's got.
We all know what it is. Y'all know if you have
a need for something like that in your life or not.
But Pornhub does a great job
of just being who they are.
You know what I mean?
Anyway.
Well they own all of the porns
like a lot of the top porn sites
and shit. That's all owned by Pornhub.
They own like all of them.
They just need to fucking put out a legit
video service that's not
porn. Oh just
take video hub
or something. Yeah they'll just fucking take
on YouTube. I hope so.
Whatever. They're making
boatloads of porn money. Let's move something
less porny from Dark Sakura. Sorry Jamie.
We're being very unclassy on this show.
Porn is inevitable. It's true.
So um
of course Dragon Quest 11 S
we are waiting for
for Switch. But Squeenix
is actually thinking about
the next Dragon Quest game
Dragon Quest 12. And it was even
asked how is the 12th entry going
and Horii said
I actually came up with the keywords but I can't see
anything here. And he added
that since Dragon Quest 11
scenario was well received this time I went
the same reception for gameplay systems
but I could also surprise everyone and make it
an epic. Now I just feel like teasing
everyone and that it is still many
years away. Hopefully enough time
for them to get a new composer.
And then
for the other
thing Capcom is working on
a mystery game that will surprise
and hopefully delight.
They actually want to
make a game. This was in an interview with
Famitsu.
Jun Takeuchi
is you know their senior
producer and is going over this.
And says and if we keep gradually
increasing the size of our stuff I'm thinking that at some
point we might be able to handle four AAA titles
at once.
So Takeuchi
said we are currently working on a title
that will make our fans think wow they're
making that. So
I mean
I don't know they're already doing
the Resident Evil 2 remake.
That's
not really a surprise.
So I mean
we've already we've already had
Mega Man 11.
And I'm trying to think of what
would what would Capcom I mean
if it's Rival Schools 3.
Fuck yeah. It better be.
Bitches you hear me.
They've already had their first year of school
they've had their second year of school we fucking need
their third year of school. Maybe another Capcom
versus SNK.
No it's Rival Schools it better be.
Personally I prefer the Capcom
SNK but I don't I don't hate her suggestion.
So we had Chirich Justice Kakuen then we had
Moru Justice Kakuen which is burning.
What would be even better than
burning. You know we're still waiting
on for crossovers though we never did get
we got Street Fighter versus Tekken but we never got
Tekken versus Street Fighter. We're still waiting on that
one. Yeah let's keep waiting. Yeah
I have a feeling. Maybe we'll have
a Street Fighter versus Pokemon.
I would love that. Bob Coffee
in chat says Rival Schools 3 technically
already happened. No it didn't.
No because um
Chirich Justice Kakuen
had a sequel to that which was Chirich
Justice Kakuen to like the evolution
disc or whatever. Moru Justice
Kakuen was a new installment in the
series. Now
even though you guys are joking about this whole like
Pokken thing I would I would be there
in a heartbeat for Tekken versus Pokken
but why not because Tekken has those fucking
nuts characters like Panda
and Bear and the tree thing.
I want Pokemon.
Oh well Pokken was Pokemon.
It was
a Tekken game.
I want a Pokemon game with
Street Fighter. Oh so you want to go
around and collect fighters and you know
Chun Li used spinning bird kick. It's super
effective. You want that?
I just want another PlayStation All-Star game.
I know that they you know
You know they're doing another jump
superstar right? Yeah.
It's got like all the Dragon Ball and
What if it was Capcom versus
Shonen Jump?
Can I take another Tatsunoko Capcom game?
I would love another Tatsunoko versus Capcom
with you know actually playing on a good controller.
I did a double take when I saw an arcade machine on one of those
at round one not that long ago. I was like what?
Anyway let's move on with the release dates.
I found out they have
an arcade cabinet also for a Pokken tournament.
I did not realize that. Yeah.
I think they're obviously more popular probably overseas
than here. 2019 by the way is the year
we're finally going to get a local round one.
I downloaded
an image of that.
Anywho. Did you know
it is going in at the Galleria
because they have the signs up for it now.
It's the old Sears.
As some speculated but here's the thing
the first floor is round one.
The second floor is going to be a new movie theater.
Yeah so interesting.
It would be cool if we had another dinner theater except that's still way too far
for me to drive. Yeah Roseville is kind of far.
Yeah I like the dinner theater.
I'm down with round one.
You mean like the movie girl?
Yeah. They are building
one at Waten El Camino.
That's closer to me.
You know the Walmart that flopped across the street.
Sorry local talk for a minute.
The one that was the Montgomery Ward.
Yeah so across the street where they have Winco
they're putting in so Macy's went away.
But I think one of the other things that had gone away
in there previously is going to be turned into another
movie girl place. Well that's cool they're actually revitalizing
the old country club shopping mall.
Which does tie to this show
because Country Club Lanes the bowling alley
across the street was like one of the places we used to play
DDR all the time because they were the only
place that had like fifth
mix. They had a
Japanese first mix.
They had something after that.
Yeah they were like the only ones that had fifth mix for a while.
So yeah we used to go
there like play midnight to three in the morning.
But
I actually have been sitting on for a while.
I won for my work and I haven't figured out what I'm
going to use it for. I have a
gift certificate for a party
for 10 at
Country Club Lanes including laser
tag and bowling and arcade gameplay
and like we were going to
I was originally going to use it for like my
son's birthday but then we're going to
this broccoli farm to
you know for his birthday.
But
yes this is what my wife has been
wanting to do. She wants to tell
them what they're going to. We're going to I finally convinced
her that we're going to tell them on Christmas
but right now
you're going to have a blue harvest.
This broccoli farm
just makes me
think of blue harvest.
Because that was originally this
broccoli farm. We tell them that they're going to
L.A. but they're like oh yeah we're going to the
broccoli farm. You'll love it.
I don't want to go to a broccoli farm.
This is terrible.
This is when you first
said you were going to have kids
years and years ago. This
was what I was waiting for were these
epic fucking troll moves. I knew you were going to pull on
the kids. It wasn't my idea. It was
her idea. I think it's terrible. I don't
I don't know that. I don't
I don't like it one bit. I
I keep telling them like don't worry
you'll have fun. Don't worry
it'll be fun. And they're just like I want to
stay home. I don't even want to go on this trip.
They're going to the broccoli farm.
I'm sorry
it's my favorite thing.
You're just going to just think
what we do when we do twitch you're going
to get to see the laughing. I'm like beat red
right now. Her idea was to
like not even tell them at all until we got
there. Like we're going to just arrive
there and then they're going to all of a sudden
notice that hey
there's this giant castle and lights and fireworks
and shit. And what is this
you know.
So that's her idea. I wanted to tell
them so they can look forward to it but
I will see. So you're going to do it on Christmas.
You're going to say the broccoli farm is
next door to Disneyland. So we're going to go to Disneyland.
Yeah. Broccoli farm
burned down. Broccoli farm burned
down. Knott's Broccoli Farm.
It makes me think of
the old deep thoughts of Jack
Handy. One day I took my
I said my nephews that I was going
to Disneyland. We
drove by an abandoned farm
house. I said oh no Disneyland burned
down and went home.
The end.
So anyways I don't even remember what the hell
we were talking about. Oh release dates.
We were going to do release dates
but then you started talking
about the broccoli farm. Which do they even fucking
grow broccoli on a farm? Yes.
Sure they do.
No Rob they pull broccoli out of their
asses. We're on so many tangents I don't even remember where
we are. And that's the shape of broccoli.
Welcome to Orange Lounge Radio. It's shaped
like a sphincter. Oh right right right.
So yeah I was going to yeah because
we the party that's right the party
I have. Oh right. I'm sitting on this I don't know
what the hell I'm going to use it for now because I don't
really want to wait until my next son's birthday party.
It's 10 people that's not a lot so
I'm just like maybe just one of these weekends we'll
just have an impromptu laser tag bowling
arcade party
for 10 people.
We should just invite strangers.
I guess.
And pizza they have pizza.
All right.
Did you win 10 tickets to the broccoli
farm? I did not.
Now I want to do I swear to
God so you know now my brain is going
on all these like tape segments I want to do for
O.L.R. I swear to God Loki you and I are going
to a broccoli farm and taping something for
O.L.R. You know actually
Rob. What? Apple Hill
has a tomato farm. Do they?
Actually Becky and I used to go
there to pick heirloom tomatoes.
I used to go to pet the alpacas. That's
why I like Apple Hill.
All right anyway. Let's go have
the alpacalypse.
Let's travel
around the world and check out release dates.
I don't know if there's a lot this week I think finally
with Smash and Katamari and all that out
I think we're finally kind of dying down
but let's see. Apparently there's a broccoli farm
in Salinas. Is there really?
Because there's this viral video of some
boy named Max who really wants to go to a broccoli
farm. Did something break behind you?
Oh I thought I heard like a smash.
Oh okay. Anyways
so let's talk about
games that are coming out. So this week and I
thought it already come out but I guess it's coming out on
Tuesday. Earth Defense Force 5 on
PlayStation 4. Broccoli farmer 2
DX.
Insurgency Sandstorm
on PC.
No relation to the song unfortunately.
DayZ is coming out of early
on PC on the
13th.
God Eater 3 is coming out on PlayStation 4.
Judge Eyes on
PlayStation 4 which is related to
the Yakuza series.
Omen's Sight the definitive edition
on Switch. Roller Coaster
Tycoon Adventures on the Switch.
Warning that is a port of the mobile game
so it's going to be dog shit. Just
letting you know.
Can we get broccoli tycoon?
And last but not least
on PC and Xbox One.
And that's it. You know
what's happening in the chat room now.
If you go to live.vognetwork.com
Poppin Broccoli. Broccoli Eater 3
Broccoli vs Capcom. Broccoli
Defense Force. Dead by Broccoli.
Super Broccoli Brothers. I like Dead by Broccoli.
I hope to God YYR
is listening tonight. That's all I have to say.
I think I want that. I also like Broccoli
No Touch Gene. I kind of want
like a game that's Loki
and the family at the Broccoli Farm. Loki goes to
the Broccoli Farm.
You know what I would
I would do a children's book.
Really? Well she wanted
to get them like t-shirts that said you know
I heart broccoli.
I can't make that happen.
You know Broccoli 3.
I don't know.
I just think it's a bit elaborate to like
upset them this much. And don't forget about the
sequel. Kale Quest. Cause I'm gonna have to listen to
eight hours in the car
of like them complaining about this.
And she does this a lot where she'll like
stir them up and then she's like okay bye
I'm leaving. And then I had to deal with the
aftermath of like this bullshit.
So.
Well you know what I said the sequel should be Kale
Quest.
And we've lost Rob. I'm broken.
Okay. It's not
even that funny. I don't know why I can't
stop laughing. It's funny because it's not.
Coming out on the Playstation 4
in Japan this week.
God Eater 3.
I hope God's eating his broccoli.
He's broken.
You're supposed to save this for the show when we have video.
This is no good.
It's not good radio.
This is a teaser.
Rob loses his shit.
Okay.
No broccoli does make you shit.
Didelius the Awakening of
Golden Jazz. Judge Eyes.
Shinigami
no to Econ. Shinigami
no broccoli. No more fucking
broccoli. And Fortnite
Deep Freeze Bundle. Cause you know what they're
freezing. Broccoli.
On the Nintendo Switch this week
Didelius the Awakening of
Golden Jazz is on the Switch as well.
Peach Ball. Senran
Kagura is out as well. And there's
some type of double pack with that as well.
Maybe it comes with broccoli. I don't know.
There's also Mickey
and Friends Special Card Pocket
24. So it's like Disney branded
Switch stuff. Yeah. Sure.
Maybe
Loki can buy some at the broccoli
farm. I don't know. Anyway.
Dark Sakura. What's coming out in the UK?
You better get through this segment
without naming a vegetable.
Aubergine.
Okay. My Little Writing Champion
on December 14th. And the
only other thing coming out that week
V-Rally 4.
On the 14th.
You know what else they get?
Brussels sprouts.
Let's get
to the mailbag. Because every week
you guys email us.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
and Jamie will probably yell at me for not
deleting old emails. You know
that shit pisses me off.
So just make sure they're from December 3rd or after.
I think there's only one from today. I think
last I checked. But Dark Sakura
is going to go to participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
and read some of her favorite emails on the air.
Um. Yeah. There's one. Can I
actually. Can we have a heart to heart moment?
Since we're doing. Talking about changes.
Um. Ch-ch-ch-changing.
The lack of participation in this segment
has me concerned. I'm thinking about getting rid
of it. Um. So.
You might want to give your feedback over
on Twitter. At Twitter.com
slash O-L-R. Should we continue to do the
emails?
Because I just think people
aren't writing emails anymore. They're writing Facebook
messages. So I'm open to.
So is that going to mean I'm going to have to read everyone's social media
and critique them of the grammar? Well. I'm
considering bringing back
something akin to the Fugu question of the week.
But obviously Google Plus is going away.
So it'll either just be Facebook or social media.
Maybe something with Facebook and Twitter.
Maybe something with Discord. I don't know.
I would love to hear suggestions. But I just feel
like email ain't it sis.
Because it's. Maybe it'll change
when we get some new folks and stuff.
But I just feel like you guys aren't.
Well I think for now if you want to send us
anything on Twitter. Of course
tag at O-L-R. But add
your hashtag tweet O-L-R.
I don't know what that's going to do. But sure.
Because if we do it specifically to
bring something to our attention or make a comment. Oh OK.
Then the hashtag tweet O-L-R
is going to be directed to us. Alright.
Well I'm going to stew on that. I'm not saying it's going away yet.
I'm just saying it's up.
It is up for elimination. That is
what I'm saying. So
if y'all want to lip sync for your life and
save the segment you can. But
I'm just saying the emails of the week are.
You thought your email sent.
But it bounced.
Your email was stamped
return to sender.
Winner winner
chicken dinner.
Loser loser
broccoli.
I'm doing my
my tricksy
does RuPaul.
To go with your RuPaul shirt.
OK. Read the goddamn email.
You requested that I stop it
but instead I'm just getting started.
OK. Hey everyone.
One question for all of y'all.
I don't remember if this was ever asked
but is there a video game
that you have played that has gotten you through a
tough time in your life.
For me it was Secret of Mana.
I know I have mentioned it but this game has got me
through a rough time in my teen years.
That's it. See you all on the flip side.
Ronma P.S. Shabbat Shalom Uchan.
Because it was
as my rabbi said
he said happy Shabbatica.
Because the seventh night
was on Shabbat.
Alright. So
as far as games
that got me through a really tough
position. Well certainly
actually Legend of Zelda Link to the Past
I was really really unhappy
for a while and that was just like my
obsession of getting my head out of
you know
actually just getting myself out of my own head for a while
and living in another world because the real world
was absolute shit garbage.
Um.
Right now. Um.
I don't know if there's anything right now
that's really doing it for me. I'll just go play
pinball to get my aggressions out.
I'm trying to think of something else
that really kind of pulled me out of a
tough loop.
I'd say the Guardian Legend did it
for me for a while. It was sort of like having a sense
of accomplishment when nothing else was going right.
Because the game was fucking hard.
But.
Yeah. I don't know
most of the video games I was playing were to get me
not thinking about just
all the garbage that was going into my life
when I was a kid.
So. That's it.
Um.
So. To go from a
very laughy note to a maybe somewhat more
serious one. Um.
Dance Dance Revolution. Like.
Not to be too sappy but
like those were not always
the greatest years of my life.
Being just dropped out of college and
dealing with a lot of things about myself
that I was just learning in regards
to who and what I
was attracted to sort of thing.
And it was not
always the greatest period and I kind of
actually fell out of gaming in general for a long time.
But then
you know Rocky Horror
was a big part of that and so
you know admittedly the first time I ever saw Dance Dance
Revolution was at a Rocky Horror
convention. If you didn't know that story that is the
absolute truth. The first time I ever played Dance Dance Revolution
was at the 25th anniversary Rocky Horror convention
at the Hard Rock Hotel.
And honestly from finding
Dance Dance Revolution I met
people that I'm doing this show with
right now. Um.
Some other amazingly awesome people
too. Some not so awesome people but you know
I'm just kidding. They're not around anymore.
We don't talk about them. No. But no for real.
Like so many awesome people that are in
my life including many of you that are
still supporting this show to this day and all that.
And like honestly like
yeah. Like I didn't mean to go from
like broccoli jokes to a really heavy
response to your question but like
what would
this life be without
what that game and that community
and everything did for me. It's
weird to think about. I mean
for the most part I probably would have turned out somewhat
the same but I probably would
have this show. I wouldn't know you guys.
It would be different. It would be so different.
So. There you go.
I remember that first visit over to your apartment
where we had to tread lightly.
Because I lived upstairs.
Yeah. And the downstairs neighbor
who listened to gospel at 6 a.m. on a Sunday
and always woke me up. I was afraid of you know
getting her back basically. I don't know. She
deserved it. Yeah. Probably.
That was fun. I think I brought you
third mix on that visit.
I think you did. You did because
I had that jungle mix dance pad and you brought
it was you or my old
crazy roommate that brought that.
I think we were both there that day. I think
he brought the
CD image. You brought the plug
thing that let us play it. That's right.
Yeah. It was the
what were they called back then? Not the game genie
but it was. It was the plug thing
in the back. Game shark. That was it.
No. Anyway Loki do you have a question
now that I've killed the funny
mood? No. I
don't have anything actually.
So. Alright.
Maybe DDR I guess but.
I would think Earth Defense Force gave
you a good distraction. Do you want another serious
answer? World of Warcraft?
Because certainly that community
did a lot for me too. You know I totally
love my years doing Horde House
and getting really involved with that community and
many of the people that I met there that I'm still in touch with to this day.
But I think also more importantly
you know when Alan and
I first met which is weird to
think about that like all of this would be chronicled
on this show in the archives because
this show has existed longer than I've
known Alan which is a weird thought but it is what it is.
This show's been on longer than I've been married to
Dan. Isn't it weird to think
about before he had kids?
I mean it's just like this show has been
so huge. But anyway
in all seriousness because Alan and I
were dating like long distance
for a while. Well I mean I say long distance. What do you
call it when like your boyfriend
lives two hours away? So you
can't see each other on weeknights. Moderately distanced.
Moderately long distance.
But one way that we used to
hang out and I'm using my
cody fingers is by playing World of Warcraft.
I know that sounds so nerdy and so
super weird but just being able
to exist at the same time in the
same space just kind of like
being with each other even though you're not
you know what I mean? Like you're not really with each other
but you're kind of with each other. You're doing
the same thing in the same place at the same time.
When Dan and I started getting together you know
after he called me when I had that bad breakup
we were hanging out on AOL
role playing
in
not Town Square Sailor Moon by that point.
I think we'd moved on to Kuno's Island
was our chat room of choice.
And we would exchange like bad fan fiction with each
other. You know
I'd critique the grammar because I've
been doing that since I was in middle school.
Right. So
yeah.
Alright.
Yeah thanks for the email even though it took us from
by the way the broccoli is still going in the chat.
But I did
post a tweet I think you can appreciate
I will not serenade everyone with Bob breath.
You can probably appreciate this dark soccer.
I just took a screenshot of our chat room
lit up with all the broccoli puns and I just
put can't wait to bring this romper room fuckery to
Twitch.
That's a good term for it.
Romper room fuckery.
That means I actually have to sign into my Twitch account
on my computer
now. PUBG players unknown
broccoli grounds.
You guys stop.
All right. That's it for e-mails.
You can still e-mail us for now.
Participate at orangelaundrydo.com. We'll let you know in the next couple weeks
what we decide to do with the segment. But for now
send us e-mails because
otherwise I'm going to talk about the hollow slice
spectacular. What? I really don't like broccoli
unless it's tempura.
I used to
be a picky eater and I wouldn't really eat
broccoli but now I actually find
it to be one of the better greens.
I used to really like broccoli and now I don't
unless it is blanched
or tempura.
I'll eat just like steamed. I love like
a teriyaki chicken
bowl that's like half broccoli
anymore. No I'll do like broccoli
on a chicken bowl. Just the littlest bit of teriyaki
sauce on it. It's not kind of they'll want broccoli
beef. I think I'm going to stop by Chinese on the way home.
All right. Anyway. Moving on.
We have more believe it or not
video game related stories here. Loki. We do.
We're not going to be talking
about grand sets of broccoli I guess.
All right.
So Microsoft is looking
to bring the game pass
to other
devices. They say every devices
or every device.
So of course they have it on Xbox.
I know that they're planning on bringing it to
PC. So possibly
maybe other systems
as well. They're saying you know
apparently
there was
a report from GameSpot
that talked about
it was during the Barclays conference
where they're saying what do you
when you think about reaching
customer with this content
where they're only compute device
could be Android phone
you think about
well what are the ways
that person pays for content
today. So we built Xbox game pass
started on console and it will come to
PC and eventually it will come to every device
we use the flywheel that we have
with customers on Xbox
to start the growth with
in the Xbox game pass.
Not sure if this is something we'll see
like come on other consoles.
It would be neat if they
did that. I just don't think that's going to happen.
But it may be other
maybe Xbox devices whenever
that come you know whatever the next
Xbox system and stuff.
I just don't think that like you know
Xbox games on the switch
is going to be a thing. Maybe
though on Android and
the other thing could be like on
TV. So like you can get like an app
or something that runs on like
your Android TV
or Roku or something like that.
And
you can get games through that.
I can't even look at you
without thinking about the broccoli farm.
But game pass
yes game pass
this makes sense for Microsoft
to bring this everywhere. It's just a
matter of time before they put it on the computer.
It's already it's kind of already be there
right. I haven't really explored that at Windows 10. But you would think
like you can purchase it on
Windows 10. But I don't know if there's
anything there's got to be a client inbound
for Windows soon. There's just got to be like
it makes sense for them to it's
basically their answer to Netflix. It really is
Netflix we know makes oodles and oodles of money
and it makes so much money that they're able
to spend that money on making new shows
like Sabrina and
Queer Eye I was just watching
the other night and God Netflix makes
so many fucking shows now and they're
doing it all from subscription dollars.
They're watching Adam Maroon's Everything.
Although I don't think that was a Netflix original show.
But that show is awesome.
Anyway
let's move on to a console
that probably won't have game pass but
boy this sounds
like a fucking mess and
believe it or not it's something that Soulja Boy
has a hand in. Soulja Boy
Soulja Boy
is making a new console
called the Soulja Game Console
and handheld. Well let's
just be honest here he's not making shit.
He's just lending his name to it.
Probably more like.
But anyway the handheld is going to play
Switch, 3DS, Vita, Neo Geo, GBC
Game Boy, GBA games. 3,000
of them built in.
Well that doesn't sound like a lawsuit waiting to happen.
Anbernic
is the developer of this
Soulja Watch console
or whatever it is. Anyway
it's a Chinese retailer that puts a lot of
this together and I guess these
consoles are retro mini video
game consoles and yeah
basically it's going to be just
an emulator box and
lord knows what kind of games
are on this thing that are of
questionable legalities.
Yeah so anyway.
Which I like how they had like
you know Tumor, Lara Croft
and like Tekken characters
and shit advertising this and like
they're asking for trouble.
You know what's funny is if you want to buy the console
and the handheld together it's
$199 but if you
want to just get the direct version without the
Soulja Boy stuff on it $105.99.
Right.
It's just it's a quick
cash in is all it is. It really is.
It really is. They're just taking the broccoli
and running. Uh Dark Sakura
what do you have for us?
Uh broccoli. No I'm
kidding. I have
Nintendo news kind of.
Build-A-Bear is
working with Nintendo to have
a few plushies in their shop.
One of them
is two different colors of Yoshi.
One of them
is a Bowser and the other one is
a bear that gets Mario outfits
and there's also
a piranha plant.
Um it is a
stuffed piranha plant for $10.50
and a kind of freaking want one.
Um
but there's also it looks like there's like little
you know accessories you can get like
a Yoshi coin wrist accessory
and just all kinds of cute stuff
um even the Bowser for
as mean as he as he looks he looks really
adorable. And of course there's the Mario
and Luigi outfits. Um
I'm actually going to their collection page
just to have a look at it.
And um so let's
see what else we've got on here. Ugh
stop it. I hate whether
you went without cookies.
Bitch I might.
Um but there's also like a little
Yoshi hoodie and a Princess Peach
dress. And
uh you
can get like Bowser five and one
sounds and you can get the Super Mario
Brothers theme song. So it's
kind of cute you know.
I would actually get just the Yoshi
hoodie for one of my ball
jointed dolls. But yeah
pretty cute.
Yeah I
I wouldn't mind getting some of this stuff
from the Build-A-Bear stuff. I think it would be really
cute. So um
I did do uh like a Pikachu
one once. It was super cute.
So. Remember the one that
um we got for Allen? Mhm.
We got him a
a cat. It was the Hello Kitty Ursula.
Yeah Ursula. Yeah we still have that.
Hello Ursula.
Yeah it's great.
Alright uh let's just do
a couple more stories Loki. And then we're gonna open up the
Skype line at Orange Lounge Radio all one word
on Skype. But I'm gonna
warn you guys if we don't get a lot of calls tonight we're just gonna
end the show cause it's already almost nine o'clock so
we've been running along tonight. So Loki. So apparently
Steam is kind of walking back
this whole allowing sex games
on their platform. Mainly
they're cracking down on
some of these games that depict
um girls
that might look a little young.
How has the Steam. How long has the
Steam store been open? Like how
how are we just now having this
conversation about you know maybe
sex games
featuring characters that are insinuated to be
minors could possibly
be a bad. I mean come on.
It's 2018. Why are we talking about this now?
Steam
you are a mess. So apparently
yeah there was um one of the
publishers affected by this was a game
Hello Goodbye and they
have games
Cross Love Hello or yeah
Cross Love Hello Goodbye and
Emotionalist. I guess
we're for a couple of the games that were
in question. The
publisher of Hello Goodbye they said that
the Steam version
had to be censored
and could not have adult content.
But the other
I don't know the other ones
I'm not sure what they're going to be doing there but
apparently it says um
you know these scenes aren't
there to be artificially
shoehorned in. It says that while they
do exist further proof of
the characters ages
beyond the disclaimer in the beginning
explicitly states that they're um
them being 18. So the real reason
they're there is to further
many a times the themes of the
story. So what they're trying to
say is basically that you know
they're pushing a story narrative
but I don't know
I guess it's just a style you know this
lowly style
that's in the game. I don't know whatever
it's going to either be on the platform or it's
not going to be on the platform and
there's other platforms that can host those
type of games.
Alright uh but you really
shouldn't support those games
that are you know
gross. Like that's just
like some things are just don't need to
be existing and
games that have young young girls
like that no just no all the no.
Alright uh anyhow
ending on a very serious note tonight this is
this is sad and yes it does relate to Orange
Lounge Radio watch this. Pete Shelley
which Jason did reference
in the intro so I'm finally getting around to what
he talked about there in the intro but Pete Shelley
who was the leader of the punk rock
band the Buzzcocks died
this week at the age of 63.
So um he passed this week and I know
he's been very influential but did
you know a club mix
of one of his songs was once in
DDR?
What?
Well
Are you telling me it's a cover?
No it's
it is
it is a sample of his voice
based on the song that he obviously did
so if you remember
the song Telephone Operator from
DDR that was Pete Shelley
who was the voice in that song
unfortunately he passed away this week at
63 so rest in
peace.
That is it for this
week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at least the
scripted news the part we knew we were going to talk
about now we're going to open up the skype
line over at Orange Lounge Radio
all one word on skype and you can give us
a call and talk about anything you would like to talk
about tonight maybe you want to talk about
some of the news
we've talked about maybe you want to share a broccoli
recipe I don't know but we do have it
lighting up already so let's get to it
Hi you're on Broccoli Lounge Radio who's this?
It is the king of the broccoli
Rama. Hey Rama how you doing?
I'm good how is everybody else
out there? I'm dead
tonight basically this show has
literally ended me like I'm actually kind of glad
it's getting out of my system tonight so I can be
a professional next week.
Hold on
you said professional I got to mute myself for one
second I'm sorry. Fuck all the
way off. Oh
baby.
I'm a professional alright well what's
on your mind tonight besides making fun of me?
You mentioned two buck
chuck that's not professional
you know it's like four buck chuck now
you
you are the Blanche Gemero
of OLR okay? You can still get the tamponio
from Trader Joe's that I like for three bucks
oh so it's three buck chuck alright anyway
oh good
lord people okay look
this Playstation class thing had
me rolling the fact that you can
plug in a keyboard and hit
escape and you get these
I'm just laughing
about all of that I'm just
wow. We knew it was gonna
happen we just didn't think it would be so easy
the keyboard they probably tested like a
Sony keyboard that they probably tested in
house probably didn't work
and in house
in their QA department they probably just have a bunch of
Sony keyboards it's just probably have
it's probably however they
decided to the device ID
however they're filtering that for
some reason it's not catching everything and so
it's catching or allowing certain
things to work on it
that's exactly what I was thinking
so Loki nailed that right on the head
but
it's kind of interesting that this comes up in
topic because I decided to break out my
SNES classic and actually
pack it and put some custom ROMs on there
and when I was
getting my stuff together I forgot
a friend of mine gave me a Raspberry Pi 3
so I think in the next few
couple of weeks I will be putting together my own
Playstation classic
and the thing is I'm just doing it because
I can do it you know
and
it's interesting
that
Jamie mentioned Wanderer Some Ease
because that was one of the games I
wrote my SNES classic and I remember playing
the hell out of that game
it was a good game
there's some good underappreciated classics
I'm really surprised we haven't already
heard Nintendo start talking about
a classic NES 2
or something along those lines but maybe
that's something that's going to be next year I don't know
also they probably have the Switch Online
thing they're kind of looking at right now
because December's games are going to be out
this week I think is when the December
games hit which Ninja Gaiden
I know is one of them that's a pretty big deal
I don't remember all of them but I know Ninja Gaiden
was the one that really caught my eye
but after this month we don't know what
they have on deck for January, February, March
so it's going to be interesting to see how that continues to
grow out
well I don't have the Switch
just yet I know Mako-chan
she has a Switch I was there
when she bought it so you know she'll probably jump on
that right there
oh thank you Ninja Gaiden, Wario's
Woods and Adventures of Lolo
we're looking at Broccoli 3 nice try
Adventures of Lolo are the games
that are coming out that's right Lolo I love the soundtrack
to Lolo it's such a cute little soundtrack
I don't know I enjoyed the
soundtrack more to Adventure
Island you know I love Adventure
Island I wish they would put that game out you know Adventure
Island is just
what did they call Adventure Island
when it was on Turbo Graphics
when it was an original Hudson game
oh no they did get it as Adventure Island
on Turbo Graphics though I know
it was based on another series
was it Monster Boy?
I think it was Monster Boy
Wonder Boy
I think I know what you're talking about
I know on Turbo Graphics it was called New Adventure Island
there was a spinoff of these games
on Sega and I had one of them
I think it was called Revenge of
Drankon or something like that
it basically was part of the whole Adventure Island
family but it was just like a
offshoot of it and I used to play that
all the time on my Game Gear
I loved Adventure Island on the
Nintendo I remember that was one of the early Nintendo
games I played and had that cute little
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
and like one of the power-ups was randomly
like a skateboard
maybe someone from Konami
is listening maybe we'll get a new
Adventure Island for our next gen console
oh honey if anybody from Konami was listening
they unsubscribed a long time ago
sorry to say
I don't know
Twitch may give us a second chance
a lot of that though because I think
there's definitely going to be a lot of people that are like
that shit's still on
that's
that's usually the reaction I get
when somebody's like oh yeah I remember
O.L.R. I'm like actually we're still doing it
that shit's still going?
I just
realize you know
going through my archives I've been doing my podcast
I've been doing my podcast for ten years
I'm just like wait
how do we do ten years
and not do a ten year show
I'm like did we do it or did I
actually forget you know
I'm just like wow
I distinctly remember
the early shows
I remember that house we were in
I remember having the people over
I remember how they were all like big parties basically
I remember some of the subsequent shows
but I just I feel like I'm like
all of that was across a scope of
sixteen years
Jesus
and like then I have to sit here and think about
okay we call this studio
N7 because it's the
seventh studio
and the first was that house
I was renting a room in where my
roommate was like totally cool with us doing the show
the second was
oh it was when I lived with you
then the third
was
that when I was at that other house
and then we were doing it at Dark
Socrates for a bit
oh there was the apartment with Extrofer
that was the studio
see I can't even remember
World of Warcraft
oh that too yes
oh my god he was so good at Devil's Crush
you know what he's really good at now actually
I know we haven't had Extrofer on the show in a long time
you know what he's moved on to
he actually moved back east
that's one of the reasons we don't really get to hear from him a lot anymore
is all about Tetris Effect
he had like a top 100 score
at one point yeah he's really into it
so
that's pretty impressive
yep
well Rama anything else on your mind before we wrap up tonight
yes
in response to bringing
Romper Room to Twitch
yes I can't see you
as Miss Molly I just
can't no
but I can't see you
as Miss Frizzle driving all of us in a
magic school bus okay
that I that that that
that do that
I can see that easily hands
down
I'm fucking excited yes
let me answer a question
is this related to the call Act Broccoli wants
they're all fucking changing their names to Broccoli
in chat Act Broccoli wants to know
what number was the studio when you started broadcasting
on Justin TV that would have been
number 4 because that was before
your house right Dark Sakura
and then there was the house
that was the one that was in Rancho
so that was 4 because then it was your house after that
then it was my apartment
and then it was here yeah because we were moving
out of the house right so we moved
to the apartment because we didn't have a studio
space at the rental
right so it was number 4
yeah yeah
that would have been after the Exeter
apartment yes
I miss Jeremy
there you go alright
Rama I'm gonna let you go buddy okay
one more thing I promise you
this whole thing about
not having to be forced to wear pants
during Twitch I feel you on that
believe you me I feel
you on that to be fair
because one of the things
that makes OLR unique is that we are
in the same room when we do this all
out of respect for Loki and Jamie
I do wear pants when we do
the show but I have been known to
wear like gym shorts
pajama bottoms a hoop skirt
a Snuggie
a Snuggie definitely have done
shows in a Snuggie did you see that they've actually
revitalized the concept of the Snuggie but
as like a big cloak
it's like a big Sherpa
lined like a blanket
like a cloak with a hood
with a hood awesome
but to be fair I might have thought about it
I'm not gonna promise that Snuggies are gonna go away
dude if you
if you start wearing Snuggies I know the rest
of my staff will on the benefits
side I have like 60 different
geek shirts I will be sitting here wearing
a different shirt every
week
tigerclaw on chat says do you also wear a tank top
oh no I don't have a body for a tank top
um right now I have a
RuPaul what you can
wear whatever you want I don't want
to wear a tank top until I got guns
um but right now um I have
a RuPaul shirt on maybe I'll wear it next week
too it says step your pussy up
okay
okay so just so you have an idea of the
wardrobe I'm gonna be bringing to OLR
okay okay alright alright
I know I said last thing and I'm getting out of here
but what can I say I just
I bring the comedy and I bring the pain
to the show um
in response to the whole soldier console
uh huh you can find
the same one on
AliExpress for 75
dollars oh yeah no that came up right at the end
there I don't know if you heard of it yeah
a bunch of people went digging for it
I'm just laughing I'm just like
who wants to buy that garbage
nobody's gonna buy that garbage
also by the way the retro core who does
battle of the ports also
does reviews of those knockoff multi
cart systems and
his reviews are actually pretty honest and show them
running like not emulated
he'll do some of them through um
a capture but he'll also show them on
the tv and on the screen
and what they actually look like and take them apart
I'd say before anyone buys any of the knockoffs
like that check out Retro Core's
uh YouTube
alright alright Rama I'm
hanging up on you now take care buddy
take care bro alright bye uh we'll see if
the phone line lights up I'll give it like just a couple
seconds here orange on radio all one word on
Skype um uh but
while we wait to see if any calls come in
uh Loki uh any last minute stories
I don't really have much but there's a
Kingdom Hearts VR experience that's launching
December 25th it's gonna be
a VR music video
for Kingdom Hearts that probably
means it's uh that Utada song that's all
over the new trailers probably so
it's it's I'll check that out place
it's gotta be PlayStation VR right yeah
oh yeah I'll check that out yeah so
there's that um
there is a game called I guess
Satisfactory which
was it's okay it was on steam
um and it got delisted
so now it's gonna become exclusive to
the epic game store I guess wow why did
it get delisted though uh
um I don't know
hmm
I'd be curious about that I mean did it break a rule
what happened
um
yeah I don't
know maybe he they just delisted
too I don't know
no we'll see maybe a deal
they they worked on with them
well we're gonna wrap up here in studio thank you guys
so much for tuning into another week of Orange Lounge
Radio uh we'll be back to do it all again
uh in seven days although
it may have a fresh coat of paint but
uh we're really excited about that thank you guys who
stuck with us over the years through the
thick and thin and all the broccoli uh if
you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio I'm gonna tell you
the same thing uh tell a friend or two
about the show help us spread the word because we are the show
where every gamer has a voice but we can only put
those voices out there if they're actually you know here
in the studio to be able to air um
bear with us there's gonna be some changes
ahead and I know a lot of people don't like
change but I think in the long run even
though the first couple shows might be rough
um I think it's gonna be a change is inevitable I think it's gonna be
a great thing I really do I'm really excited
to welcoming more people to OLR
uh doing some more things with visibility
uh and just it kinda
and I responded to a tweet about this
today um you know was
kinda like it's a new era it's a really big change
for OLR but you know what we've been here before
uh at one point uh
we were doing a three hour show about nothing but
DDR and music games and at some
point we actually had to say you know what
that that isn't really working for us anymore let's
just discuss all games like we're doing on
our podcast uh that
has uh gone on and uh
you know that was a big change or you know
speaking of when I used the phrase all games
when we left our live 365
network to join the all games network and
then when we made that change in the all games network
to come here to to VOG those were all
big changes too and you know those were all very important
eras of the show that made this show
what it is but it was a change and anyway
my point is with all those changes
um it helps things not get stale
and so not to say that like I'm feeling
stale around here cause especially after tonight
I mean you know it was a funny fuckin
show and we had some good moments but
you know I think I think that type of stuff like
really just kinda motivates you to keep going and so
when someone asks me in the
future OL that shit
still going OLR it's still going
I can say yeah and it's
even better than you remember
so thank you guys uh so
much for supporting us uh over the years
I really appreciate it and we will see
you um hopefully very soon on
Twitch and again please don't hate
me if we're right back here on Shoutcast in a week
I know I've done a lot of hype but technical issues
we're gonna be doing a lot of changes
so I have to make sure the technical issues are 100%
cause I'm not doing a show
99.9%
we're gonna give you 100%
um that's it final thoughts time
uh DarkSakura
lovely to have you here we've been missing you terribly
I'm sorry you won't be able to be here for the first Twitch show
but we'll have radio
magic still uh and
uh we will still of course your
presence will never be lost on this
show and we will be ready to welcome you back in February
hopefully so
any final thoughts for us tonight?
Carl
says two
things okay
I eat hands and I kill
people sorry
I'm thinking of uh llamas
llamas with hats
uh my final
thought tonight is um
look to the sky yes it is
uh Loki your final thought tonight
I don't know I wanted to do
another llamas with hats reference but
sadly I am a bit rusty when it comes with
llamas with hats
just remember there was
I have a craving
that only hands will satisfy
I don't remember exactly
I don't know
go watch the whole series it's awesome
which by the way
isn't there supposed to be another
Charlie the Unicorn thing that they're working on
oh my god that would be great like a movie
or book or something
shine the disbeliever there's a movie I know there's
a movie coming cause there was a kickstarter for it
oh god I would love that
you know I used to have get this
last time I actually went to Alabama
my luggage got lost and
no I take that back it was the time before but my mom
and I went to a thrift store in Alabama
and there was a Charlie the Unicorn shirt
and it says sparkle sparkle sparkle sparkle
I cannot find this shirt again
mine got ruined
I used to have a candy mountain shirt too but it
but if someone finds the Charlie the Unicorn shirt
and it says sparkle sparkle sparkle
I wear a men's small
or medium right now get me that
shit and if it's a women's
shirt it'll probably be a medium
alright there's a lot of great content
still on Film Cow in fact three
weeks ago they did a video called Mario does
hollow pocket
pocket man's cards
kelly the caterpillar
weathering butts
alright look I know we're having a hard
time letting it go here on shoutcast
but can I end the show now
I reckon
goodnight everybody we will see you
in a week
you've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio
Orange Lounge Radio is
a production of OLR Studios
to join us for a live
show tune into vog network
dot com Sunday nights
at 6pm Pacific
9pm Eastern
the views and opinions expressed in this program
do not necessarily reflect those
of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio
or VOG Network
but you know they were all still
true
see you next week
you
