Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week, Square has an ace up their sleeve against the Kingdom Hearts League. The release doesn't include the entirety of the game's content. Shock went up to the ability to patch games, maybe? This is just one story. Join us for more on this and the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It's Orange Lounge Radio, live tonight with episode number 757 for this, December the 23rd of 2018, our last show of the year, because we're actually not going to be here next week.
My bad.
That's okay, that's okay. Here in studio, myself, Rob Roberts, and Techmaster Loki joining me.
Yes, I'm here.
As he does every Sunday night over at Twitch TV slash VOG Network, the voice geeks network, where every gamer has a voice, and we do broadcast live every Sunday night at Twitch TV slash VOG Network.
And you can check out more great shows at VOG Network dot com, but we are right after the Bobby Black Wolf show, who had a great show tonight with some Sony PlayStation VR recommendations.
I know the news is getting a little bit slower this time of year, but we still have some things to talk about tonight.
It's the time of year when everyone does their year-end recaps of, like, best games of 2018 and all the other, like, I don't know, a lot of it was just very, you know, slow news week type of articles.
Just like, here's how I unlock these games, or here's how I got enough platinum coins in, you know, the Nintendo store to be able to unlock this game for free, because I did surveys on websites.
And it's like, why is that an article? That's not an article.
It's just, it's filler, it's clickbait, because people share that stuff on Facebook and all that.
It's like, you need the right something, there's nothing going on!
Yeah.
Okay, fine.
Yeah, so I guess I'm looking in chat, and they're saying that the intro did not have audio tonight.
You'll hear it on the podcast, because I can easily fix it there, but we're learning some new things about video.
Jason actually did a wonderful video, he actually did the video introduction tonight, and for whatever reason, I must have made a boo-boo on my end and kept the audio muted on it.
So, that's why we started the Twitch thing in 2018, so that we could have a few test episodes, and then in 2019, we'd be like, good to go, and we could really start promoting and all that stuff.
But, hey, the date's correct.
The date is correct tonight, you know I have my eyes out for that this time, absolutely.
And lots of great feedback from you guys last week, thanks so much.
I'm already up to just about 100 followers over on the VOG Network channel, and that's so amazing.
Although I did notice that the ticker on the bottom had the episode number for last week.
Oh, did it?
What? Thank you.
That's weird. I don't even, I don't think the episode number is in the ticker bar.
That said something. Maybe that was just reading one of the articles.
I don't know, I don't know. Yeah, it's easy to get distracted with all this video.
So many things.
Yeah, and over in our chat, over at Twitch TV, Act F says Palindrome episode 2. Yes, that's right, 7570s.
It's the same, forward and backwards. How do you celebrate a Palindrome episode? I'm not sure.
Let's see, going to Run, Jump, Stomp over at Twitch says it's an article because they get paid by the word.
Well, you know what, I mean, people are still using Facebook and social media and all that stuff.
Twitter is not going to slow down just because it's Christmas Day.
I mean, for one, not everybody celebrates Christmas, we know that.
But even that, you know, people work on Christmas, but it's just, you know, I think there's a lot of people too.
I don't know about your family traditions, but I know in my family on Christmas.
So we would do, you know, and this was when I was younger, we would do the presents, we would open the gifts,
we would do all that exchange. And then it was kind of like after the morning, it's like, all right,
Christmas is kind of done. Hang out till three o'clock for dinner.
And for me, that would be a great time to go play whatever video game I probably got for Christmas.
But, you know, it was it's kind of like, oh, well, the holidays are over at that point.
And sometimes we would go to the movies. That's something we started doing later when I was more in my 20s.
I would love to do that, except that it's going to be crazy at the movie theaters.
Yeah. And I know we're doing food, though. So like Christmas Day, we're doing at my house.
Christmas Eve, we're going to my mom's house to go open stuff there, which I just talked to her in the car.
So apparently my my niece is going to be opening some gifts earlier on because she's not going to be able to wait until the evening because the gifts are all going to be there.
So she's going to open her gifts and then she'll have to wait and we'll open our gifts and the kids will open their gifts on Tuesday.
And they have a lot of stuff. They have a lot of stuff. Any any games that you might benefit from, too, that you actually got your kids?
Well, this is a bold strategy that I tried in order to get the switch.
So so we have so my thought originally, because I had get the wife a personal Blu-ray player so she can watch your Grey's Anatomy.
No, no, no, no, no. Not like that. So originally my idea was I'm going to get the kids some games for the switch so they could play some new games that they were looking for.
But then I realized that's games and two, they're going to have games, but they're only going to have one console.
They're fighting over it. And that's not going to make for a good day for me.
So whereas most people like, well, just they'll get over it. My thought process was, OK, let's buy them each game systems.
And so they're going to be getting a 2DS and for the Soulja Boy console.
No, no. And and four games each.
OK, that's pretty nice. Yes, because apparently, you know, those GameStop cards.
Dad's got money. No, I don't.
You know, those GameStop cards that you pay for stuff and you get that stupid magazine each month and stuff.
Well, apparently you accumulate points with that that I was completely unaware of until this week.
And I had like a ton of points that I could redeem for gift cards in the store, which then paid for a bunch of used copies of stuff and no complaints.
Yes. And plus the 2D 2DS systems, not the 2DS XL, because those are one hundred fifty dollars versus seventy dollars in the game.
They're very reasonable. And that's and that's what the DS is really like meant to be at this point, is that the DS is really intended to be like that baby's first.
Not baby, but, you know, like tween slash kid first console.
So they're going to get it comes preloaded with New Super Mario Brothers 2.
So they got that Mario Kart 7, Animal Crossing New Leaf, Super Mario Maker for the 3DS.
And then the one game that they'll fight over because they have different games each.
Josh is getting Super Mario 3D Land because he used to play 3D World.
Oh, sure. He was disappointed when we got rid of the Wii U because he couldn't play that anymore.
And it's basically the same game. And then Mario Party top one hundred for Danny because he likes playing Mario Party.
Speaking of Mario, and this is a random tangent, but since you brought it up and we are a video game show, after all, we do we are going to talk.
If you're new, because we just had our first show on Twitch, even though we've been doing this show for 16 and a half years, since 2002.
I don't expect that a lot of people necessarily knew what Shoutcast is or was listening to stuff within that.
So I know this whole Twitch thing is still a little bit newer for us. So we're adjusting to it too.
Hence why we have some bugs like the audio and the intro and things like that.
But otherwise, we do talk about games, of course, over the next few hours.
And since you brought up Mario, the Mario, the game that was on the Wii U.
So what New Super Mario Brothers U gets at Switchport like next month.
And I totally forgot that that was going to be a thing until I saw some random article.
The deluxe one has like that in the new Luigi U.
Well, that game is the fault of where Bowsette came from and why we have all that crap.
I mean, fan art. Because that was the one where you have, what was it, like Toadette or she gets the...
I can't even remember what it is now, but I know it's where Bowsette started.
Was it in Peachette or something like that?
Yes, it's Peachette. I think it's like Toadette meets Peach and then there's the whole thing.
Maybe somebody in our chat remembers what all that is about over at our Twitch TV channel at VOG Network.
And yeah, something else. So a lot of the feedback from Twitch last week was very positive.
But I do have a good friend that will always kind of like tell me like,
your tag's sticking out, you know, the nitpicky things that are going on and so forth.
So was kind of giving me the feedback on OLR and saying that like at some points I was like on my phone.
Like I got, oh my God, I got caught because remember you guys couldn't see us before.
So that was like totally normal.
Is that, yeah, they'll be reading a story and I'd be like checking the headlines, you know,
what else going on, what's going on with my Twitter and all this other stuff and...
Catching a Pokemon.
What Facebook gave me, Pokemon outside. Oh crap, you guys can see that.
And it does look really weird when I do that.
And also probably looks weird when I'm like turning back and forth.
Yeah, because I'm not looking, it's hard to look at the camera and the chat room and the screen and you.
And it's like, where do I look?
But I got like, I totally, I'm not like complaining because they're probably watching and like,
are you really complaining about that on air? But no, I actually thought like, oh crap,
that is like really good feedback and something like I'm not thinking of with this whole Twitch thing.
So we are trying to make like small baby steps where I've tried to look at Loki more tonight.
And but yeah, if you guys wonder like, why do I keep turning away over here?
It's because you guys' chat is over here and the stories and things I do.
But as we move into next year and get a little more used to this
and get that USB cable that will allow our camera to be further back,
we'll probably rearrange the studio a little bit so it's not so weird.
But remember, we said that when we were going to first go to Twitch,
the goal was do the same show, but do it on Twitch.
And there'll just kind of be video there, but you know, we're going to try to,
I mean the camera's not bad where it's at. I don't know really how much further back are we going to get.
Well, and I still don't know how when Jamie's back from her break,
because of course Dark Soccer, she's not here tonight. She's still on her extended work break.
But when she comes back, I'm not sure to what extent she's going to want to be involved.
I still really love the idea of a Dr. Claw type thing where you can like see your hand.
And that whole thing, so I'll talk to her about that.
So we'll figure out how we'll set all that up, and I'm sure Alan, my husband,
will be thrilled at rearranging this room completely yet again.
So there you go.
Run Jump Stomp in chat says, that chair looks really uncomfortable.
It's fine. You actually, I don't know if it's Loki or me, but Loki, you prefer this to the couch.
Like I was like, you could just sit on the couch, but you kind of like something with the back on that, right?
Yeah, this is fine. It's just the couch is really, you sink into it a bit.
And it was hard to have like the laptop, you know, on a TV tray and be able to do that.
It's a lot easier with this.
Yeah, and Bobby Black Wolf calls out from the last show when I walked away.
And it's like, you know, again, you guys could catch me doing that before,
but at some point, this little cup of water, I drink a lot of water while doing the show,
it runs out and I got to go fill up, but I'm going to try my best to hold it till the break tonight.
But like if there's a potty emergency or something, I'm just going to go.
That's what you got to do. I'm just going to get up and go.
Or Mr. Smush starts screaming. It is what it is.
Although he's a little more well behaved now.
He was losing his crap earlier, but I think he's under control now.
Yeah. All right, we're good. All right, well, let's get into news.
We got some news going on this week.
I know it's a little bit lighter, but we do have some things going on in the news.
So let's get into it.
A big thing people are talking about on social media involving the most popular game right now in the world,
even if I don't play it as much, but I know tons of people do, it's Fortnite, right?
Yeah, my son plays it a lot now.
Although he doesn't play with people, he just plays the creative mode now.
Yeah, yeah.
Because it's just fun for him to mess around with it.
So apparently there's been some lawsuits regarding the dancing emotes that are in the game.
So one of the things that Fortnite's known for is these famous dances within the game.
And of course, apparently now we have Alfonso Ribero.
What is up with your cat?
Anyways, smoosh is up on the table where I got it. I'll be back.
Okay. I heard him just like sneezing and whatever.
Right after that whole talk about leaving.
What are you going to do?
So anyways, so with the whole thing being popular in the game, of course,
now Alfonso Ribero is basically saying that, hey, you guys stole my dance without even asking.
And there's definitely been no compensation for it.
So he filed a lawsuit against Epic Games regarding that.
But then again, there's also, you know, video out there that TMZ provided saying that,
oh, hey, you know, he stole the dance from somebody else.
But I think when he says steal, it's more like he took this part and this part from two other people,
something that they did, and then he mixed in some other stuff.
And that's more just like creating your own thing that's not just straight up, right.
You know, taking something and using it without any sort of permission or whatever.
But basically saying, you know, hey, Epic has earned record profits off of downloadable content in the game,
including emotes like Fresh, which is the dance that they're referring to.
Yet Epic has failed to compensate or even ask for permission for Mr. Ribero
or use of his likeness and iconic intellectual property.
I mean, definitely the dances. You could tell where it's from, obviously, in Fresh.
Definitely alluding to Fresh Prince of Bel Air.
But he's not the only one, though, that's also had issue with it.
So apparently, and I'm not sure who this kid is, but they call him Backpack Kid.
Basically, he was part of a performance that Katy Perry did.
Wait, you don't know Backpack Kid?
I don't know Backpack Kid.
Y'all are gonna regret this Twitch thing.
No, no, you're not flossing. Fucking sit down right now. Sit down.
We're not doing this shit. This shit is not happening on our show.
Enough. The line, we're drawing the line there. We're not doing...
You look fucking dumb. Just don't do that.
Eventually when my kid comes to the show again, yes, he'll fucking do that.
But no. We are too damn old to be doing that shit.
And if we raise $50, we'll go back to Shoutcast.
So anyways, Backpack Kid, who, you know, of course, made famous flossing.
You know, the dance of the children.
So he is, of course, joining the lawsuit as well.
I thought there was another artist, too, that was basically saying,
Hey, what the fuck?
But, I mean, let's be honest here, though.
Like, the Carlton Dance has been a ton of fucking shit.
I mean, they had that emote, and I can remember Saints Row had that shit in there.
But I guess it's just maybe because they're selling it as a separate thing instead of it being included.
And then, who knows, maybe they'd ask for permission in that game.
But maybe it's just because they're specifically selling it,
and because it's the most popular game right now that it's caught the attention versus Saints Row, who...
I think that's key, what you're talking about, is how they're selling it.
Because I think, when I think of, like, pop culture dances and games,
the first thing I remember is World of Warcraft.
Well, yeah, and they have that in World of Warcraft.
Yeah, like how the Draenei, I think, did the Toonok Dance.
Like, they did a lot of meme stuff that they did.
And I think the Blood Elf female does Britney Toxic.
And, you know, they're very mainstream type of stuff.
And, you know, well, what's funny now is that, you know, because World of Warcraft is, you know,
over, like, what, like 14 years old at this point,
like, a lot of the stuff that's in it is referencing things that were memes, like, 14 years ago.
But still, you're right, like, dances have been in games for a long time, but in WoW, it was kind of built in.
So what's the point between, like, parody and, like, making a profit off it?
Is that really parody when it's just, like, lifting the dance?
I think it's just how identical the dance is, maybe.
Because you can copyright a dance, but I don't know why this would be liable for, you know,
some sort of restitution versus something else.
Also, I should mention, though, that they're not just suing Epic Games as well,
they're also suing 2K games over NBA 2K, which also apparently has emotes in that game as well.
I thought that was a fucking basketball game.
Why you're doing the Carlton is...
No, why? Where's that coming from?
I thought that was, like, a sportsy thing.
Like, I have to admit, I'm not the biggest sports, but I know, like, in football,
when they get to the end zone and they do a touchdown, like, wasn't there, like, I remember,
like, wasn't there the guy, the Tebow or whatever his name was that would always, like,
pray, take a knee and do that whole thing?
We don't talk about that now either.
Yeah, I know. Now we can't talk about taking a knee in the NFL, but I'm gonna say that for another day.
So, but anyway, so yeah, I mean, what...
Or in Destiny. Destiny is another one.
Destiny has that too.
Yeah.
So, are they, I mean, a lot of questions...
I think what it is is because nowadays, games, whether it be a free-to-play game,
like, you know, Epic's Fortnite, which, that's fine if they're selling shit like that in the game,
because it's free-to-play, or Destiny and 2K, you know, NBA 2K, which are full $60 games,
that you also are paying for microtransaction bullshit as well on top of it,
because some of the money is not all of the money, and they need all of the money,
and that's why they're doing this shit.
It is gonna raise this, I mean, we've been talking for a long time about how, like,
you know, intellectual property rights and trademarks and a lot of that stuff
really needs to be reevaluated in this digital era,
because so much, you know, we have so much homegrown stuff even,
like the stuff we're doing on Twitch.
We still don't even, like, really have a question or an answer,
and we have a question, we don't have an answer to, like,
what really is the legality when, like, you play a game and you're talking over it?
Like, who really owns that?
Do you really own that or does the game maker have a say in that?
And, like, sure, a lot of us, because we do stream on Twitch,
we like to feel like we own it, but I've always said, you know,
if the game makers wanted to take a cut of some of the biddies,
I wouldn't be opposed to it, but there needs to be an established rule,
a consistent rule, and something that's kind of like the accepted standard
of who owns what, because I also don't think the game company should own everything.
You know, if we're making jokes and things like that, you know,
like, how does that all play out?
I think a lot of the DMCA stuff needs to stop anyways,
just because of how it's being abused.
I mean, there was a thing this week about a channel that got taken down
because a developer didn't like what they were saying about their game,
and so they filed copyright strikes against their channel, which...
That's a YouTube problem. That's why we're on Twitch.
Just not to be shady, but a little shady, but because, you know,
it's just, like, YouTube does not stick up for their content creators.
Oh, no, not at all.
Never ever. They always err on the side of ruling against them,
whereas I feel like, and maybe this is just my perception,
but I do feel Twitch, and I'm not just kissing butt because we're here now,
but I do feel Twitch does a better job of kind of sticking up
and being a little more proactive for its user base
in some of the things that they do, if that makes sense,
especially when it comes to things like their muting policy.
I think, you know, it's fair. Like, they have to do what they have to do to be legal,
and I think what they're doing is kind of fair, and if you, you know, challenge it,
they have a process to look at it and all that stuff,
whereas I feel like YouTube just never errs on the side of the content creators,
so why would I want to create content for YouTube?
I'm really not motivated to do that.
So, all right.
Going to our chat, Run Jump Stomp reminds us,
Nintendo recently backed off about content creation.
What's that?
See what you did?
Oh, yeah.
Now they clip that shit.
Yes, I know. I need to be thinking about that. That's going to happen.
That's going to happen.
If the broccoli thing from our last radio-only show had been on this,
that would have gotten clipped like 5,000 times.
That actually got me thinking earlier this week, so...
Clips help spread the show, whatever.
I don't think... I wanted to tell the kids where they're actually going.
No, you can't do it till the holidays.
So, yeah, I think we're not doing that.
I got it. I got it.
Put a bunch of broccoli in a bowl, and then when they eat all the broccoli,
there's a Disney logo at the bottom.
Well, they're never going to eat all the broccoli.
Well, then they're not going to Disneyland.
So, my thought was, though, it would be cool to do a mock Disney logo shirt,
but just have, let's say, Broccoli Farm in the Disney font,
and then we can sell them to our listeners, because they want merch anyways.
Would Disney sue, though?
It's a parody.
Okay. All right. We'll see what we can do.
If we... It's the Mickey head, is the hard part.
No, we wouldn't put the Mickey head. It's just broccoli.
Oh, okay.
Broccoli in an actual farm, and then it just looks like...
All right. Leave that joke two weeks ago.
Back to the Fortnite dances, Loki.
So, how do you see this ending?
I see it going to court, and we'll see if it actually...
If they have a case or not.
I say settlement.
These things always end in a settlement.
Fortnite is pooping out the dollars,
and they're just going to pay it off to shut these guys down,
but then what's that going to do for the future,
and other games incorporating dances,
which I think, again, I can see where it's a little bit of a problem
when you're selling it in the stores as an enhancement,
or you're getting in the loot box as an enhancement,
but in World of Warcraft, it was just kind of there.
It was a little bonus thing. It was a cute thing that they did.
Saints Row, similar thing, right?
Yeah. It was just a silly thing.
Exactly. It was a silly thing.
Or maybe if they want to have the dance,
maybe they should at least license the song,
which I know for the Carlton, there's no real...
I mean, we all know it goes with Tom Jones.
It's not, watch out, or I'll do that dance too,
but it's the whole Tom Jones, it's not unusual to be loved by you,
which isn't really... but you know what I mean.
I know what you mean.
A lot of times, the dances go with a song,
so if you pay the money to get the song in your game,
maybe you could use the dance too,
but I think it's the whole fact that they are selling the dance
as a separate thing, and it's not just incorporated into the game
as a pop culture reference,
which could probably be sold a little more as parody, I guess.
I think that's where ultimately the legal law lines
are kind of drawn a little bit.
And Fortnite, we'll just have to think of other things to sell,
either original dances, but we know that's not...
People aren't really going to buy original dances.
They have merch already.
I just bought my Sunday Fortnite 2019 calendar,
and apparently they have characters or skins or something like that
that were actual... because I was asking them,
so do they actually have characters in this game?
Because I see this one's named Leviathan,
and he's like, no, that's a skin.
I'm like, okay.
Loki, they're yelling at me in chat,
because I won't do the Carlton.
You're yelling at me in chat.
You don't have enough room. You're going to injure yourself.
That is not even...
That's what I could do with the space I was given.
That's not even...
Oh God, I'm having to watch it back.
Exactly. Witness the horror that is.
All right, anyway.
Let's move on. Let's talk about our gaming weeks.
I want to talk about the types of video games that we've been playing this week.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I didn't play a whole ton.
I think I've been busy shopping this week.
I was actually trying to reflect back to what I played,
and it's mainly just Pokemon Go.
I've just been playing a little bit of that.
I even forgot to do my stupid mystery box thing to get melted,
which sucks because it was the double candy event thing,
and that would have been really helpful if I had remembered to do it.
So yeah, I didn't end up doing that,
and I don't...
DDR, I don't think I played too much.
It just had to...
A lot of plans kept changing.
I had to go places, and so I wasn't able to do that.
I did try to stream on Friday,
and it ended up being an issue where I wanted to load a new mix on there,
and I have a drive that's supposed to read that disk fine,
and it did, but then when I went to actually load the game after I installed it,
it just wouldn't read the disk again.
So then I swapped drives out again to the one that I bought,
a replacement drive that was supposed to be the most compatible with the disk,
and it won't read anything now,
so I had to put the old drive back in there,
and at that point I was like,
fuck it, it's too late, I'm just not doing it right now.
So I have all the parts to build the StepMania PC.
I have everything now, so I just need to do it.
I may end up doing that tomorrow.
And then I also found out,
I was trying to figure out what theme I wanted to put on there,
and my problem was that the menus were too laggy,
and then I ended up finding out by trying to move my StepMania install to my SSD drive.
Not laggy on an official mix, but laggy on your StepMania setup, right?
Laggy on my laptop.
So it was laggy.
I mean, it should be fine altogether, because StepMania runs on a toaster.
It was laggy in the sense that the menus were kind of lagging as I'm moving stuff around,
like there was a little bit of jitter with loading images or something,
and I couldn't tell why that was,
and I was trying to find a mix that was pretty smooth
because I wanted to build off of it to do a custom theme.
And so then I was like, hey, you know what, I wonder if it's this hard drive,
because I have a 5 terabyte 5400 RPM drive in there and then I have an SSD.
I was like, well, let me put it on my SSD and see if that makes a difference,
and oh, yep, that was the issue.
So I have a 256 gigabyte NVMe drive, so that's about six times faster than an SSD.
I mean, it's still technically an SSD, but it's 32 gigabytes per second,
so it'll be able to handle, it should be able to handle anything.
So I'm thinking now I don't have to worry about the lag.
I just will just pick something and go with that.
But I don't know.
I still need to come over and play DDR.
I know I keep promising it.
I did one of those dumb things I keep saying I'm never going to do again.
I played one of those online Big Brother type games,
but this time there were 32 people in it, and I got to the end.
I'm in the final three.
So finally, a little bit of payoff, but I'm not going to win.
I already know I'm not going to win.
They're actually announcing the winner in an hour.
It's not going to be me.
But yeah, so that's been taking up a lot of my time
because I try to do a lot of chatting in the evening.
It would be around a line.
Apparently I didn't do enough, which is why I'm not going to win, but whatever.
But I do definitely want to come by at some point and play on your machine
because I need to get thin again.
Well, me too.
I've been kind of slacking this week,
and also eating 12 breadsticks is not going to be helping me any,
but I don't care.
I want them.
So I really do need to get back into it after the year,
the start of the year again.
But I haven't really gained that much.
I'm just kind of hovering in the same spot, like low 200s.
So that's good.
I'm not bouncing back up to 220 or something like that.
So I just need to keep everything consistent and get back into DDR again.
So not to derail you too much, but Loki, it's literally been three minutes,
and look, there's a GIF of what just happened.
The oil army works fast, and I am kind of embarrassed watching that,
but whatever, what can you do?
Now all we need to do is turn that into an emoji or whatever.
Oh, one of the Twitch emojis or whatever?
When we get biddies.
I don't want to get sued, though. Isn't that like paying for a dance?
Well, let me put it this way.
That Carlton dance was so not the Carlton dance that we'll be fine.
I couldn't remember the whole thing.
I just know he does that thing with his arm.
It'll be fine.
Forget it. Forget it.
You didn't really want to see it anyway.
All right, anything else for your gaming week, Loki?
That was pretty much it.
I didn't play Katamari, sadly, even though I have it.
I did download my free copy of Lego Lord of the Rings,
but I didn't play anything on PC.
I probably will, though.
All right.
Let me talk about my gaming week then.
I did play Katamari because Loki, good old friend buddy pal,
bought me a Katamari Damacy reroll on PC,
so I was kind of trying to decide, do I want it on PC so I can mod it?
Do I want it on Switch so I can take it on the go?
And Loki made the decision for me, so thank you.
I appreciate that.
You can always buy it again.
That's true. I could always buy it again.
Actually, we're already going to buy it twice,
because the minute I was like, oh, Loki,
I kind of exclaimed, oh, Loki got me Katamari Damacy.
And Alan on the other side of the green screen is like,
wait a minute, that's on PC?
I thought that was only on Switch.
And I was like, no, it's on PC.
And he's like, I'm opening Steam.
So we already ended up buying two copies.
Well, yeah, I don't think it was on sale this week.
Well, no, it's too soon with the sale.
Yeah, I've been trying to watch the Steam sales
to see if there's anything interesting on there,
but I've been not buying anything.
Anything I buy, it's like, I'm not going to play that.
It's like, yeah, I could buy Earth Defense Force 5,
but am I really going to play that anytime soon?
Probably not.
So I just have to hold off and get set mania done.
So then when set mania is done,
and if I have any extra free time,
I can go to actually doing game development again
instead of trying to develop a theme for set mania.
Let me quickly talk about Katamari Damacy reroll, though.
I didn't get to play a ton of it,
but I did open it up, play through the tutorial,
first couple stages.
So it's the PlayStation 2 game,
but now all redone and widescreen,
I guess would probably be the biggest change
because the original game was, what, 2002, 2003?
It was right around when this show started,
when that game first came out for the PlayStation 2.
It is funny, and a lot of people are razzing it for this,
is that it was a $20 budget game
when it first came out for the PlayStation 2,
but now they want, what, 40 bucks for it, right?
30.
Oh, 30. Well, still, it's more than 20.
Yeah.
But it is HD, it is all that stuff.
So honestly, if you played the original,
then you know exactly what you're going to get.
They rebuilt the engine, so they rebuilt it in Unity.
Low-key, it's the same game.
It's the same game.
They didn't really add a lot to it or anything.
It's the same game, which isn't a bad thing.
And I realize, since it's been, what, a good 13 years at least,
I don't know, probably longer,
since Katamari Damacy originally came out,
there's probably a lot of people maybe in their 20s or so
that didn't discover it when they were younger,
and so now have a chance to discover it again.
So if you've never played any Katamari whatsoever,
I think it's definitely worth checking out.
And for somebody like me who hasn't had a chance
to play it in a long time, I'm really into it.
I have one minor bitch, though, about it,
because this was like, what are they smoking type of thing?
Okay, so you haven't opened yours on PC, right?
No, I haven't.
So here's the gag about the whole thing.
So when you launch it, it comes up in a window that's 720p,
which, okay, whatever, like, where are my options to resize it
or anything like that?
You have to play through the tutorial,
which includes the 5 centimeter to 10 centimeter,
like the first introductory stage,
before you get to that menu area
where the game brings up a special splash screen that says,
you really need to save your game right now,
or you're gonna have to do what you just did all over again
next time you open the game.
And I'm like, what?
But all right.
Why?
Weird ass design choices.
I don't have a good explanation.
But then once you finally do that,
you can go in and finally change the display settings.
Absolutely.
So you can play in 2K and, you know, all that.
It will render in 4K.
I don't know if that necessarily means it's using 4K textures,
but the game will play in a 4K window.
I think all the textures are pretty low res, aren't they?
It's Katamari Damacy, you guys.
It's not frickin' like, you know, Madden 4K sport event of the summer.
I keep seeing, like, you keep browsing the Steam forums for that game,
and I see people running it on the GPD,
the GPD, like, portable little computer thing
that looks like a little handheld device.
So that thing could run on a pretty low-end PC.
Yeah, no.
But, well, you know, of course they beefed it up and everything.
But it runs, I mean, I like to play a lot of my games in 2K
because my graphics card is still a little, eh, you know,
I just do really 4K video and things like that.
But, I mean, it looks really good.
Once you get past the tutorial and all that, it looks good.
But it's one of those design choices where you're like,
Namco, what are you thinking?
Like, that should have been, like, the first menu that comes up.
Or, I mean, some games just have a separate little application,
like Final Fantasy XIII, I think, has a separate app you run
to configure it all, and then when you go in the game it's all there.
But I was like, what?
A lot of Unity games will have you just pop up the screen
that actually shows, you know, here's some settings,
and then you go into the game and stuff,
but maybe they just didn't want people to know it was running in Unity?
Or it's something to do with the lazy fucking port from the Switch.
Oh, yeah, or it could be that.
Because on the Switch, you wouldn't have to do any of that.
The Switch has one mode to play that's probably 720.
So that's probably, honestly, what it is.
It's just lazy fucking porting from the Switch.
So that's why I kind of have to read it a little bit.
I mean, don't get me wrong, the game's great,
and you're only stuck in that mode for five minutes,
but it's still one of those things that makes you go,
guys, what a freaking, like, lazy thing that you could have done better, right?
So it was just weird.
But otherwise, I love Katamari.
Other games that I've been playing this week include
same old, same old, wow, World of Warcraft,
because they had the new, they put out the new patch not that long ago,
so the Warlock I had now can do stuff in Darkshore,
which is like another, this means nothing to you,
another zone where you can do more, like, daily quests and things like that.
Look, it's one of those things where I'm starting to get a little better at,
I'll do that on screen A, and then on screen B,
I'm watching this week's Drag Race.
Or I'm watching something I don't really need to watch,
I just kind of listen to, like, maybe a talk show on cable or something.
So I kind of just zone out and play wow
while I kind of absorb the information from whatever I'm watching.
So I've been playing a little World of Warcraft like that,
and a little bit of Final Fantasy as well,
Shane and I were messing around in that game the other night,
because they have a winter event that I need to do.
We got sidetracked, he was farming sheep.
Don't they have, like, the blue mages coming soon?
Blue mage, they dated blue mage June, or June, January 13th, I think.
Don't quote me on that. I think the patch was January 6th,
and blue mage unlocks one week later on the 13th.
So they're, because they just did their live letter for, like,
explaining everything about this next patch,
and everything leading up to the next expansion.
But what I was going to say is the winter event is supposed to be a music game thing.
So I haven't, yeah, I haven't really explored it yet,
but they've done some really cute events,
like, they had one where you went into a dungeon,
but it was, like, a holiday dungeon.
I think it was, like, Halloween or something,
you went into one of the scary dungeons,
you had to avoid ghosts or something.
And then I know they had one that was, like,
the old school dungeon crawler,
meaning, like, think, like, Fantasy Star,
when you're in the first person dungeon,
but it's those really rudimentary walls,
because, you know what I mean, like,
Ultima III had them, I'm trying to think of other games that had them back in the day,
but Fantasy Star is probably the best example of it.
But they had one like that,
but it was really easy to play, because you would see that,
but you would see, like, a map right next to it.
It's just like you were navigating a maze with your arrow keys, basically.
So they did something like that,
but I like it when they do, like, super cute things like that.
My favorite, not to get too off base,
my favorite holiday thing they've ever done in Final Fantasy XIV
was, I think it was the third anniversary of the game.
They did an anniversary event,
and as part of the event, you would transport to this,
or teleport to this magical place
that was basically a workshop
where you interacted with the developers of the game.
And they kind of, you know, there was a lot of tongue-in-cheek type of stuff,
but there was one, you talk to a character that basically represents it,
and it's called, like, Yoshi P or something like that,
which is Yoshida, who's the director, producer of the game.
And basically he says, like, the character says something like,
I'm kind of paraphrasing here,
but, uh, we know that it was a rough road the first couple years,
and we want to thank you so much for sticking with us,
and, you know, we're gonna tell all these new stories,
and you're here to, and I was like,
that was, like, it's just like a really nice thing,
it was a very humble type of move, because, you know,
I think a lot of, there's a lot of awareness around Square Enix
about how bad the first version of Final Fantasy XIV bombed.
But that was, like, so long ago.
And that's where my head's at, is I'm like,
that was so long ago at this point, like,
forgiven, forgotten, because the game is, like, way better now.
Wasn't it, like, 2014?
Before that, like, I, no, maybe you're right,
maybe it was 2014.
I mean, we're on our, let's see, Shadowbringers is 29th,
no, Shadowbringers is 2019,
uh, Stormblood was 2017, Heavensward 15,
so Realm Reborn was 2013.
So the original Final Fantasy XIV was around 2011,
I think, when that first came out.
So, um, so, yeah.
I think we could just give them a break now,
considering it's like, you know,
look at how some of these other games have launched.
I think you have a pass.
Yeah, yeah, I think they have a pass.
And right now, I mean, I don't know, like,
you gotta read everything on Reddit with a grain of salt,
but I do look at the Final Fantasy XIV Reddit once in a while,
and there's a lot of people that are posting, like,
hi, I'm really pissed off at Blizzard right now,
so I'm coming over to Final Fantasy XIV from WoW,
and oh my god, I love this game,
I've been sleeping on it so long, and all this stuff.
And to be fair, I mean, I'm not trying to, like, bash World of Warcraft,
because here I am, where I'm like,
I've been playing XIV for so long, like, I just,
I need to see other people for a little bit,
so I'm like, I remember this game I used to flirt with,
so I went back to World of Warcraft,
and since I haven't played it seriously in so long,
I'm like, I'm kind of, I'm kind of into this right now,
like, this is, this is something I haven't seen in a long time,
you know, and yeah, so I feel like,
I don't want to say I'm on the opposite side of the fence,
because I truly, truly appreciate what both games bring to the table.
But to bring it back to something you said earlier in the show,
in the beginning, about, like, articles that fill this time of year,
and all the clickbait stuff,
a lot of, like, what is happening at Blizzard type of articles going up.
Has Activision killed Blizzard?
Has Activision hurt Blizzard?
And, like, you know, outlining, like, all of the weird things
that Blizzard has done this year, obviously Diablo Immortal,
but now this Heroes of the Storm thing we got into last week
has a lot of people feeling raw,
apparently it's already affecting the game,
you try to go in there and look for matches,
and it's taking longer and longer, because people are just like,
well, if they're done, so am I, peace out, you know, type of thing.
And then World of Warcraft, not everybody's really happy with the expansion,
I mean, I don't, maybe it's because I kind of didn't really play a lot of last one,
but I'm like, I'm into this expansion, whatever,
like, I'm not interested in raiding or endgame stuff,
but as a dirty, filthy casual, it's cool, you know what I mean?
There's a lot of people that are like,
has Activision, like, fucked Blizzard beyond repair?
And a lot of that talk going on, so it's kind of interesting, I suppose.
So, going to chat at Twitch TV and VOG Network,
Renji221 over there says,
you talk about games coming back from a bad launch,
I think No Man's Sky is another good example. Oh, absolutely.
You know, it joins a club with Diablo 3, in my opinion,
I mean, even though we talk about Diablo Immortal,
part of the reason why Blizzard wanted to take that template for Diablo 3
and make it a mobile game is because Diablo 3 was saved.
But remember, when Diablo 3 first came out, ooh,
but Final Fantasy XIV, you know, is another great example of that.
So, yeah, we do live in this really interesting era
where video games can be saved.
Some people would argue Destiny 2 is in this club as well.
Is that when Destiny 2 kind of first launched?
Yeah, there's some problems, but it's come a long way.
Yeah, but a lot of that has to do with just being non-transparent
with your users that are just changing shit and,
oh, oh, now that you discovered it, I guess we should tell you about it.
And it's like, fuck it, fuck that shit, you know?
Oh, I don't know. They're trying, I guess.
But Destiny, I've never been able to get on board with that game.
And it sounded cool, but I was like, eh.
I should probably revisit it. I mean, I do own Destiny 2.
I bought it when it first came out.
It got free, so.
Well, yeah, because they gave it away not that long ago,
so hopefully you all pick that up because that's done now.
But even if you didn't, you can still get the base game super cheap
because they really want to sell you the expansion.
They don't really want to sell you the base game anymore.
They want to make their money off the expansion.
They want to sell you the in-game currency.
And all that stuff, too. And Carlton dances, or whatever.
Anyway, also in our Twitch chat,
DJ Rama S says, Blizzard has become complacent.
Some people are arguing that a little bit, too.
Some people are saying that that's the pressure Activision is putting on them,
is that Blizzard is not putting out games fast enough.
But, I mean, the Blizzard formula has worked with them for so long.
When they do put things out, most of the time it's really, really good.
Diablo 3 was an exception.
I mean, I don't know. I don't know.
We'll have to see what the next big thing is.
I still think Blizzard does better than a lot of people.
But look at Overwatch.
Like, Overwatch is a game changer in so many ways.
And people forget, like, Blizzard also made Overwatch.
That is a game that's been out for quite some time.
People still talk about it.
It is changing the landscape of esports as we know it, right?
So you can't say that Blizzard is just doing nothing but fucking up.
There's a lot they're getting right, too.
And I think Overwatch is the best example of that in a lot of ways.
But that's just my opinion.
Which, by the way, is something else I played this week. Overwatch.
I saw so many friends of mine streaming Overwatch that I was like,
I need to get in there and play some Overwatch.
And I've been missing out.
And I haven't done any of the holiday event. Well, now I have.
But I hadn't at that point done, like, any of the holiday event.
I need to get some of the loot boxes and all that good stuff.
And I love every match right now has that new Ashe in it.
The one that Jennifer Hale voices, the cowgirl.
And just, like, every minute or so you just hear,
Baa! Because that's her ultimate.
That's what she calls Bob in.
So you just hear, like, you'll hear it from across the map.
Baa! And it sounds like...
This is obscure, but have you ever seen the YouTube clip
of, like, the husband calling contest at the state fair
where the old ladies get on stage and they're calling their husbands?
That's what it sounds like.
Somebody out there has got to know what I'm talking about.
But that's what it sounds like to me when Ashe calls Bob
from down the hallway or whatever.
Act F says, Overwatch is kind of screwing up too with some things.
I'd love for you to elaborate on that, Act F.
Bobby Blackwolf says, what can't join this club?
Mass Effect Andromeda. Wow. Way to kill my mood.
Thanks a lot for that. Jerk.
Alright, anyway. Spyro says, I played Overwatch last night.
It's pretty fun. Yeah, I'm still a fan.
Bobby Blackwolf says, I watched the holiday event.
It was a lot of Yetis falling off cliffs.
I haven't really played...
Like, there's a whole thing with Mei and Winston and all that stuff.
I haven't really got into that or played that, really.
So, yeah. I don't know.
Anyway. Alright, let's move on.
I'll try to get... If I can work it in later,
I'll get Act F's follow up on the Overwatch thoughts.
But I want to get into the news, so let's get to it.
Loki. Not a lot of news this week.
This is in a normal week. I'm gonna be honest.
In a normal week, I don't think I'd want to give this side any attention,
to be quite honest. I think it's...
We know this side is shady, right? This side is shady.
And so, now we're hearing some other shady stuff.
Yeah, so apparently G2A, who wasn't very legit to begin with.
I mean, a lot of people dealing with stolen keys
or just all sorts of thievery and stuff.
Well now, apparently they said that they are charging users for 180 days of inactivity.
So if you haven't logged into your G2A account,
for 180 days, you'll be charged one pound.
And it'll be taken from the G2A wallet.
A dollar, essentially.
Yeah, one dollar.
If you want to convert it into, you know, our money.
And apparently they said, you know,
there's gonna be an email sent three days before the charge
to remind users to log in to void the fee.
And if there's no funds in the wallet, then they won't charge anything.
That just...
It's just, it's basically their reasoning for this.
They said, it costs money to upkeep accounts.
Bullshit.
This includes server maintenance, IT infrastructure.
Come on, you guys. It's data in a fucking table.
It's bullshit.
As a supervised financial institution, we must meet many requirements
related to the monitoring service of each account.
Really? There's monitoring?
See, that's the thing.
I've heard of banks charging this kind of thing.
Like, if you don't have enough money and savings,
or checking, or you're not having enough deposited,
that's when they charge you like that monthly service fee or whatever, right?
But that's a bank.
That's not some shady website that's stolen you,
or allegedly stolen you keys from other places or whatever,
and turning around and reselling them and that sort of thing.
It's not a bank.
It's a very different type of thing.
Just don't do business with them.
Just make it easy.
Shitty company is still shitty.
I was gonna ask, how would you feel if somebody like Steam
enacted a rule like this, but they're not gonna.
That won't be a problem, because I'm always logged into Steam.
I can't think of anybody that would have to charge me that.
Yeah, I know. I still try to log into Steam once a week
to just maintain my trading card eligibility.
I couldn't tell you the last time I've had a pack of trading cards drop.
Do people even still do the trading card thing on Steam anymore?
I got a pack.
It was in my box.
I just sold off a bunch of the cards that you get
doing your Game of the Year awards or whatever.
Three cents!
You vote. Yeah, so you get that.
Woo! Three cents!
So yeah, I've been getting a ton of email notifications
because I've been selling cards.
Because I'm like, I don't give a shit about these cards.
I'm not doing anything with them.
I'm just gonna sell them because people are dumb enough to buy them.
And so, you know, I like a dollar.
RunJumpStomp in their chat over at VOG Network on Twitch says,
How is this legal?
When I first read it, I was like, wait a minute, isn't that illegal?
But I'm thinking of the gift card thing.
So I don't know if this is true in every state,
but like, gift cards in California cannot decrease in value if they're inactive.
And they can't expire.
And they can't expire or anything like that.
The only way you can get screwed on those is if the company goes under.
Like if you have a Kohl's card or something.
Borders.
RadioShack. You have a RadioShack gift card?
Twice or us!
You're fucked at this point. There's nothing you can do.
You can try and take it to the bankruptcy quarters, honestly.
Like usually there's a period of time that you can use it with the liquidator,
and then that's it. It's done.
So that's really the only way you can kind of get screwed out of those gift cards
that the company goes under.
But otherwise, like if you find a Best Buy gift card in your couch from like 2004,
and it's got 15 bucks on it, Best Buy has to honor it.
So that's, at least in California.
I don't know about other states and all their laws.
I know there's other states that have similar laws.
But unfortunately, this isn't exactly a gift card, I guess.
And G2A, I'm sure, can't even be based in the states as it is, hence why it's one euro.
We all know it's a little bit shady, because they're probably not running in the US.
They're probably running in a more friendly country to some of the things they do.
Yeah.
But yeah, so sadly that law wouldn't apply over there,
and you're kind of dealing with international issues anyway.
Yeah.
Also, then Run Jump Stop says,
I don't get how companies can change the terms of service after the fact.
Unfortunately, they do it all the time.
It's in their terms of service that they can change the terms of service.
It is that, but sometimes you launch Steam.
Just watch, next time you launch Steam, after a couple weeks, it might say,
you need to accept our newest update before we can get into it,
and you have to scroll through and agree again.
And a lot of games with persistent online worlds and things like that will do that.
Some of them will be nice and tell you in very plain words.
Here's what we changed.
I want to say Discord.
I talk good about them a lot.
They do something like this.
Because they phrase it in a funny way, like,
here, for a normal human being, here is what we have changed in the thing,
and then you get the full legal language underneath it.
You know what I mean?
But companies, I guess, don't always do that kind of thing.
So, you know, technically, when you scroll down and agree,
technically, technically you're accepting it.
But I've still seen class action lawsuits and all that stuff happen anyway.
Yeah.
Like when PlayStation had a class action lawsuit,
even though I believe it is in their terms of service,
you agreed to arbitrate or something like that.
Like, it doesn't stop a lot of that stuff from happening.
Yeah.
If a lawyer wants to take the case, they'll try it.
So, let's see.
Going to chat for some more comments.
Bobby Blackwell says it needs to get up to the courts,
and unfortunately nobody has the money to keep fighting all the way up to the Supreme Court.
The Supreme Court has never heard a case involving a software terms of service.
Very interesting.
I guess that's true.
The last big Supreme Court case I can think of involving games,
I'm sure there's been others.
The one that comes to mind is the one here in California where it was Schwarzenegger,
the governor at the time, versus, I forget the name,
but it was that whole thing about the mature games being sold at GameStop.
Right.
They had to check the ID, and the Supreme Court struck it down
because there was no consistent measure about what made a mature game, basically.
It was turning into a matter of opinion.
Are nipples being shown? Yes.
Mature game.
Yeah, exactly.
And it brings that whole thing into who's to say what's mature for you versus what's mature for me.
Like, some people might allow their kids to hear the F word and the S word,
but would never want them to see a boob.
But some of it is complete vice versa.
Like, a boob's a boob, but I don't want you using the F word.
And that's really up to a parent to decide.
Run Jump Stomp says that Mario has nipples.
Yes.
And he is very mature.
Mamma mia.
Alright, anyway.
So, yeah.
I won't be using G2A anytime soon.
I hope this is the type of thing that just kind of stays with them
and their weird kind of business practices.
But, yeah, I'm not going to be exactly going over there to use their services anytime soon.
And I imagine you guys probably won't either, so let's move on to our next story
that has to do with Microsoft and their All Access offer.
The All Access offer was the subsidized Xbox One bundle that was available at certain Microsoft stores.
Of course we don't have any nearby, unfortunately.
No. Well, I mean, there's one in the Bay Area, which I've been to a few times.
It looked kind of cool. I wanted to...
They're nice stores.
I haven't been in the one, but I did want to actually...
You know what's funny about those stores, though?
I swear to God, the last time I was in the one in San Francisco
was in that super nice mall, like, Kitty Corner from the Metreon.
Yeah.
It's where the movie theater is. It's in there.
It's on the third floor.
The last time I was in there, I swear to God, every computer, everything, it was Fortnite.
Everybody was playing fucking Fortnite.
What?
On the Xboxes, on the laptops.
Fortnite?
Fortnite, Fortnite, Fortnite.
They were probably playing each other.
No Forza, no Minecraft?
Well, they would have a computer up front that was running Forza that nobody was playing,
which is a crime because Forza's great.
Yeah.
But, yeah, no, Fortnite, Fortnite, Fortnite.
That's all they were demoing on all those computers.
But anyway, I do...
The Microsoft store, obviously, there's a lot in common with the Apple store, a little
competition head to head there.
It's very well lit, very, you know, lots of people.
It's the hangout.
Everyone goes to the hangout there.
It is.
But anyway, so you could get this all access deal at these stores.
You would be in a two year agreement and you could get an Xbox One or an Xbox One X for
kind of like a lower or cheaper price.
And then you get Xbox Live Gold and the Game Pass.
And that's a big deal because the Game Pass is the like Netflix of Xbox games, basically,
which, you know, is one of those things that I think is just going to get bigger and bigger
as we move into 2019.
It's a great service.
And 2020.
I mean, it is.
And I'm really curious.
I really suspect when we start talking about PlayStation 5 and Nintendo, I feel like they
won't get on the bandwagon until later.
They're like kind of with the Switch online, the classic libraries, like you tried that
whole type of thing.
But I would be very curious to see what Sony is going to do to respond to this, like with
PlayStation 5, because I think it's gonna be something that's built into PlayStation
5.
Yeah.
Like I looked at the classic library.
In fact, I was going through there and it's like, here's the new games.
I'm like, yeah, that's nice, I guess.
Yeah.
So anyway, the point is, Microsoft is ending this program on December 31st, 2018.
So the all access bundle will be seized at the Microsoft retail location.
So you still have a little bit of time for this.
But what's interesting about this, Microsoft isn't saying that this is going away forever.
It's just going away for now, because this whole thing was a test to see if this whole
thing was going to be viable in the first place.
So, but they're already kind of hinting it's coming back.
So I would assume, yes, it's viable.
You seem to offer it more places other than the Microsoft store.
Well, there's that.
And I wonder if Microsoft isn't going to let it go to sleep and hibernate for a little
while and then bring it back.
When, Loki, when did they bring it back?
E3, because the floor is virtually theirs and theirs alone at E3 this next year.
So they could unveil the new pass.
And wouldn't it be great if they had a diskless console or something?
I'm fan wanking here, but wouldn't it be something if Microsoft had some type of new console
to go with this whole thing?
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Diskless console.
We'll see.
We'll see.
Or their new console.
Maybe they're going to do something with that.
I don't know.
And this whole thing, because I think Microsoft really wants to push this game pass thing,
but I don't know.
I mean, we'll see.
I think E3 would be really the time to see about that.
So anyway, I mean, it was a contract plan, but it wasn't like, it wasn't shady.
Like I do think overall it was a decent deal if it's what you wanted, if it worked for you.
I mean, yeah, I think, you know, it's a decent deal.
Looking in chat over at VOG Network on Twitch TV, Runchum Stomp suggests that Nintendo will
do it sometime in 2030.
Yes.
Maybe for the Switch 2, Switch U or whatever they end up doing next.
I gotta tell you, like, their stuff, that is the hardest thing about Nintendo consoles
is their stuff does not depreciate in value, according to them.
They don't drop the prices of anything because like, Mario Kart 7, I remember purchasing
that when that first came out.
It's still full price.
You know, Wii U games in particular are now getting more expensive because Nintendo is
essentially like, just put them all on a boat, set it out to sea and set the boat on fire,
metaphorically.
Nintendo is like, has cut ties with the U at this point.
So it's kind of driving the Wii U game prices up at this point, because now it's like they're
collector's items, because how many people really ever had the Wii U and the Wii U?
It's interesting how that's all playing out.
Because I was looking at some of the, like, I'll see the eBay ads come up online.
I'm like, why are these games selling for like $60, $65?
Oh, because Nintendo isn't making them anymore.
So if you want to get them, this is like the only way to do it.
It's ridiculous.
A little bit, a little bit.
But, you know, a lot of rare game consoles, this kind of thing tends to happen, right?
We can go all the way back to like the Sega Saturn, the Dreamcast.
I mean, heck, probably a black band Final Fantasy 7 or Suikoden 1 or 2.
Those still go for, Suikoden 2 I think still goes for a lot of money, doesn't it?
So, I mean, less than it did before it came out on the PlayStation Classics.
But I think as a collectible, those things still make a lot of money, if I'm not sure.
If I'm not mistaken.
So, Bobby says, if I didn't have a bandwidth cap, I'd be all over Xbox Game Pass.
Yeah, I mean, that is something they may have to address, maybe cut a deal with the cable providers.
I think the bandwidth caps are going to have to start to give a little bit,
as more and more people really start to push back against the cable providers.
I think just as we get more 4K streaming, I think market demand is going to force those caps up.
I do think that'll have to happen.
They'll just put laws in place that'll eliminate bandwidth caps and then they'll still throttle instead.
Well, I don't think they can now because like certain states kind of danced around the net neutrality thing
and like California passed a stronger thing and it's going to be interesting now that the house is going back to blue.
I don't know politically if that can be countered now at this point or what the deal is going to happen.
It's going to be interesting to see how that plays out.
I don't know. I'm not going to get into politics that much, but it will be interesting to see how the net neutrality thing keeps going.
Yeah, and a few folks in chat talking about the net neutrality thing, but remember now states,
because California is like, oh, hell no to what, you know, the FCC did and all this.
So now there's going to be that fight.
And y'all know this being the good old U.S. S.A., it ain't going to be solved overnight.
There's going to be a new president no matter which team it is.
There's going to be a new president before this thing is solved.
You know what I mean? Yeah, it's going to go on for years.
So we'll see. I, I really feel like what's ultimately going to happen is probably like some other FCC guys going to come in there and strike the whole thing before the legal courts and all this like ends up ultimately figuring it out because that's that's the way things tend to run in my opinion.
So anyway, let's move on with some more gaming news. Loki.
So there's this indie game Celeste that's actually been selling very well. They've sold 500,000 copies.
It's been, I think it got like Indie Game of the Year or something like that during the game awards.
Yeah, game awards got some good stuff. I have friends that really love that game.
But anyways, what with that, though, Matt Torsen, the creator of the game, basically said, you know, hey, we're working on some farewell levels that are going to be ready in 2019.
They're very hard and we'll be announcing what's going to be next for us in the years as well.
Also with that, they're saying that they're the soundtrack has sold 6000 copies across all platforms, been streamed on Spotify four million times.
And I didn't even know it was on Spotify.
Yeah. And if you haven't picked up a copy of Celeste yet, well, guess what?
If you happen to have Xbox Live Gold, then you're going to be getting that as one of your free games with gold in January.
So it's going to be Celeste for the month of January for Xbox One.
And then for the the 16th through February 15th will be WRC.
And then on Xbox 360, you're getting Lara Croft, Guardian of Light and Far Cry 2.
Those are some good picks, too.
Yeah.
Guardian of Light. It's a little bit old at this point, but that was a good game.
That was a good co-op puzzler thing.
But yeah, I'm now and now I'm from a from a consumer standpoint, I'm kind of happy I slept on Celeste now that I get the free copy on Xbox.
But I know I know the developer doesn't make as much money when you do it that way.
But they have sold a half a million copies.
You know, it's Celeste is on like a million different platforms.
If I like it that much, I'll probably end up double dipping.
It'll probably come out on Sony's platforms as well.
So I thought Celeste already was on Sony's platform as a game.
Oh, no, not as a free game.
No, I think, you know, usually when it's free and one, it becomes free on the other eventually.
Yeah, you're right. You're right. That's that's very true.
So, yeah, I need to check out Celeste.
It's one of those games that's like supposed to be like bang your head on the wall hard, but it's a lot of fun.
So, yeah, I need to it's just one of those games.
There's only so many hours in the day to play games, especially when it's not the job you get paid to do all day long.
So, yeah, I got to have to pick that up at some point.
So anyhow, and some folks in our chat at Twitch TV slash VOG Network absolutely agree.
And Run Jump Stomp says, if these are very hard, I wonder how you would classify the other levels as far as difficulty goes.
Ain't that the truth? Because my understanding is the game is kind of hard to begin with anyway.
So anyhow, let's move on and talk about another thing that's been circulating the blogs.
And that is this whole update to Spider-Man on the PlayStation 4, which is a game a lot of people are enjoying.
And people were saying, hey, what are we going to get?
What are we going to get the Spider-Man suit from the Tobey Maguire starred movies with Sam Raimi, if you will, movies from what?
What was the first one of those, like 2002, 2003, when the old trilogy started somewhere in the aughts, the early aughts somewhere when that series started.
And people really wanted that Spider-Man suit to the extent that they were like doing social media campaigns and Reddit posts and all this crap online to like,
I don't want to say bully Insomniac Games into doing it, but it kind of was like, I mean, like back off. Jesus. You know what I mean?
Well, it's like we've given you all the other suits.
I know. Well, first off, the game is pretty fucking good. Isn't that the most important thing?
Like, do you really like, I can't believe a bunch of mostly boys are complaining about dress up online.
I mean, really? Jesus. Anyway, but the Sam Raimi suit, it did end up coming out.
Now, before we, because I'm sure I'm not looking at chat at the moment, but I'm sure it's going to light up with this before then.
I don't see this as them giving in to demands because to get an agreement like this takes time and agreements and paper and somebody had to design that suit for the game.
So this was a weeks, if not months long process that was probably on some original design document a long time ago about post launch follow up thing.
Like this was in the works for a long time.
But unfortunately now people have the perception of, yay, we won. We complained, we bitched, we cyber bullied and we got what we wanted.
We changed Mass Effect's ending and then we changed, we added a suit to Spider-Man.
So it's kind of unfortunate that there is the perception that this type of behavior works because Loki, I don't understand, why do, and it is kind of an issue with gamers.
I mean, I don't know, do film buffs do this too? I don't know.
I don't even know why it matters.
It's an issue with gamers that they bitch and bitch and bitch because games have DLC and because games can be changed after the fact.
To be honest with this game, I don't even know why.
Why is it gamer culture that fucking does this?
Because they have the comic book suit in there that's pretty awesome because it's all done in like the comic book print style and everything.
And it looks like, you know, it makes everything kind of like hyper real because it's so, you know, comic book-y.
But I don't know. I don't know why people are bitching about the one specific suit.
If you showed me like a bunch of Spider-Man suits, I wouldn't be able to point out which one is the Sam Raimi suit.
So maybe I'm not the, I am not the target demographic.
I still haven't played the game and it looks awesome, but I haven't played it.
Yeah, and I'm with you there. Like, am I really going to figure out the subtleties of the Spider-Man suit and all that stuff?
Probably not. I don't know.
It could be worse. It could be like the, you know, Joel Schumacher Spider-Man suit where giant nipples are on it instead, you know, but...
Uh, TigerKalonChat says, yeah, Sonic fans are complaining about the silhouette of that Sonic the Hedgehog movie poster and want Paramount to fix the design.
Yeah, but it's...
That's a little different.
It's a...
Here's why. Here's why it's different. Here's why it's different.
Because it's not a game. It's, it's a game's representation in film when games do not have the best track record of moving to film.
Some have been okay, like the original Mortal Kombat, Tomb Raider's done alright, you know, both the Angelina Jolie movie one.
I think, like, the Pokemon Detective Pikachu looks awesome.
Yeah, I mean, I love Silent Hill, but Resident Evil, I mean, was a huge, I mean, even though the game's influence is not, I mean, what?
It's a garbage movie.
But it's, it's a popcorn movie.
It's a fun popcorn movie.
A lot of gore fans really like that type of stuff. It's a scary movie. People love that stuff.
I think I saw one, I didn't really watch any of those movies. I saw one in the middle. I don't even remember which one it is. It literally didn't matter, but...
Like, it was just entertaining. It was stupid. I knew nothing. I mean, it's like, there's all these, okay, I see the tie, oh, and there's Wesker, okay, cool.
It's just, it's just group of humans that get picked off one by one in hideous ways.
And somehow we're the Matrix now. I don't know.
It's weird.
But, I mean, but there's a lot of, okay, but we know there's a lot of bad movies, too, right? Like, I got two words for you.
Uwe Boll. Okay? Remember that guy's name? Right?
Or even more recent, Rampage.
That was a choice. But, anyway, with that whole thing, so what my point is, we don't often see games represented very well in film.
So now it's like you're taking this fucking icon. Sonic the Hedgehog is a icon, not just of video gaming, but, like, of our youth, especially in your 30s and 40s.
Heck, even your 20s, you still know who Sonic is? That was a character that's always been around.
Think about the Mario Brothers movie.
Well, think about how that turned out. Imagine that now.
I mean, that is just like, what the fuck is that? Where did you get that from this?
I mean, I don't understand that, but in the Sonic thing, it's like...
So it's different, and I'm never for, like, bullying or, you know, telling people to hurt themselves or horrible things about them and their families like that.
That type of behavior on social media is garbage. I know none of you engage in that, but if you're even thinking about it, don't.
But I'm all for sass. Just a little sass, right? Just a little constructive sass, a little tongue-in-cheek sass is fine.
And so when I do see some of these, like that poster of Sonic's legs up in the air on the Golden Gate Bridge, that whole thing, like, that needs to be sassed.
You know what I mean? Like, it looks weird. So...
It's just like, I don't know. They're complaining in chat, but also they're saying Double Dragon is the movie that gives nightmares to neighbors.
See, you have to understand, that point in the 90s when they were making, or even like I should say, the 80s, it was just like, everything is judge dread.
All of the movies that come out, they're all like this post-apocalyptic future movie. Like, that's why Mario Brothers is like that.
It's like, it's fucking judge dread. You know, even Double Dragon is post-apocalyptic. It's... I don't know. None of them, they were so...
They just wanted an excuse to make this type of movie, and so they got a property that they can kind of sort of pull in that direction, and that was it.
AJ Twist at twitch.tv slash vognetwork says, I had high hopes for Sonic after the Detective Pikachu trailer, then the poster happened.
Yeah, that Detective Pikachu trailer, that caught me off guard in a different way. Like, I was not ready to see, like, a real Jigglypuff or that whole thing.
But I'm curious. Like, that one, I'm not gonna sass that. I'm curious. I still wish it was Danny DeVito, but I gotta let it go. I'm curious about that movie for sure.
And Tigerclaw says, I hope the movie embraces the absurdity of Sonic being in the real world.
You know what? If the movie is self-aware, if it's like the Twitter account, and it's tongue-in-cheek, and like Renji221 points out, Jim Carrey is playing Eggman.
I am gonna go see it day one, just because of that.
If they let Jim Carrey be Jim Carrey, then maybe it'll be like Showgirls funny. You know what I mean?
So bad it's kind of a John Waters film.
A John Waters Sonic movie.
Things I never knew I needed. Oh my god. That would be the best.
That would be so fucking weird.
Oh, man. Anyway, if you don't know who John Waters is, like, just cinematic trash masterpiece.
His most mainline thing was Hairspray. Like, the original one in the 80s with Divine, not after they made it a musical.
And we're not gonna talk about John Travolta. That was hideous. But the musical is still pretty good.
And I think they did a live one on NBC or one of those networks a couple years ago, and it was alright, too.
So, anyway. Yeah. And some folks in chat are saying, I'll wait for a trailer for Sonic.
And I'm, we'll wait, but you gotta sass those posters just a little bit, I think. Just a little bit.
Alright, anyway, let's do a couple more stories, then we'll get to the classic game of the week. But first, Loki.
So, unfortunately, with some of these older systems, they're just not getting updates anymore.
I know Grand Theft Auto 5 was doing that with the Xbox 360 as three versions.
Now, the same thing's gonna happen to Minecraft. Unfortunately, Minecraft on PlayStation 3, Vita, and Wii U are getting their final updates.
I didn't see Xbox 360 mentioned there, so I don't know if they quit that earlier or if they're still gonna be updating the 360 version, but I know it's basically the same thing.
So, the final console update, apparently, is coming and says, well, actually, it's already out.
So, they updated that on December 19th, and it's adding a Nightmare Before Christmas mashup pack.
And that's it. You're done. You wanna play Minecraft now? You can go play the Java.
But now you can beat Jack Skellington. Yay.
You can play it on Windows 10. Honestly, though, if you really wanna keep up with current stuff, Windows 10 and the Java versions aren't bad.
Like, surprised how good it is. No 4K pack, though.
Tons of people playing it on Switch, too.
Switch 2, yeah.
Obviously, with the portability and just the success that the Switch has been, it's a huge console for Minecraft, for sure.
Yeah.
So, yeah, I mean, how many people... I mean, well, I'm sure there's, like, kids and, you know, not every home can upgrade.
Not everybody's in this, you know, financial place where they can just willy-nilly upgrade.
And you don't really need to, though. I mean, it's nice to have the new stuff, but, like, it's also...
I mean, I remember playing Minecraft 1. They didn't have all the new stuff in there, and it was just fine the way it was.
Yeah.
I wanna go back and play it. It gets so boring.
Yeah.
Because there's nothing really to do in the game. I mean, you can survive and stuff, but then it just, like, it gets boring.
I still wanna do the VoG network server, but then we got sidetracked with this whole move to Twitch and my knack of getting sucked into MMOs.
And it wasn't just the OLR move to Twitch, but I think we just started, like, streaming more on Twitch in general, and it was kind of like that thing kind of...
And then you got your machine, and that whole Minecraft thing fell on the back burner. But maybe that's a 2019 thing we need to bring back.
You know what? We'll do a VoG Minecraft when Microsoft puts out the frickin' 4K pack. Finally.
That'll give me a reason to go back and check it out, that's for sure.
Or even just, like, with mods now, like, I finally figured out how to do Forge, Minecraft Forge, which is their modded client that you can use for the Java version.
It makes, like, loading mods with, like, visual changes easier. I just, setting up the servers and stuff and keeping that stuff running was really hard. That's all.
Runjan Stomp in chat points out, I'd love it if they brought modded stuff to consoles. Well, that would be pretty cool, wouldn't it?
But then they can't sell it.
No, they can, and they are. So they are doing, like, mods, sort of, with the console versions. You can buy these different updates.
But it's not changing much within, like, the console space. It's not like, you know, adding, like, guns. I mean, you can sort of do that, but it's very basic, is what I'm trying to say.
But if you go in any of the modern Minecraft versions, they have a storefront where you buy skins that people make, or you can buy mods to the game that changes, like, just how stuff sort of behaves.
And you can even create your own, but it's not as robust as, like, what you can do on the PC where you can just kind of keep adding shit to it and you can put Pokmon in there and all this crazy shit.
Yeah. It's more of like, oh, I can change the creeper to, you know, look like this, and now it acts like this, you know, give a different AI behavior.
You think they'll ever do a Minecraft 2, or you think they're just gonna stick on the original forever and ever and ever?
Yeah, I think they'll eventually update it. It's money.
It's money. It is money.
Alright, speaking of money, there's one game that's making a lot of it, that's for sure. It's Super Smash Brothers Ultimate. I mean, duh, right?
Like, I'm about to tell you the Super Smash Brothers broke sales record. It's, like, most obvious news story of the year, I'm sure, but let's talk about it anyway.
Three million units in eleven days. That's a big deal.
That's pretty good.
Like, I remember back in the day when, like, a million sold was, like, a runaway, like, hit.
Now, granted, a game like, I think, like Wii Sports, but I don't know how you count that, because that was bundled in with the Wii, but even something like Tetris,
I think those games sold, like, forty million. Like, it's up and up, but still, eleven days, three million, that's a really good start.
In fact, it makes it the fastest selling Switch game so far.
And, of course, Nintendo put out a press release to brag about this whole thing, that the Switch sold 8.7 million consoles between the launch in March 2017 and November 2018.
So, it is now the fastest selling console of the generation. That's what Nintendo's saying.
And they're also saying Nintendo is the top selling publisher of fiscal 2018.
Digital eShop sales are up 105% in 2017 over 2018. And, yeah, lots of good statistics, too.
Pokemon Let's Go, also a million seller.
Super Mario Party, also a million seller.
So, they're doing pretty well over there at the Switch.
But I don't think that news really surprises anybody, but it is kind of neat just to hear, like, how much that is.
That game, Super Smash, sold fast.
And do you think it's really going to be the last one they ever make?
No.
No, they got it. But I wonder if they're gonna, you know, allow the director of the game to go make new stuff, you know what I mean?
Just have someone else put...
You can't tell me that one person can only make a fighting game. I mean, just have other people do it.
I want Sakurai to do another Kid Icarus game. I want that franchise to come out.
I want him to do whatever the fuck he wants. He's earned it.
Honestly, I wish PlayStation All-Stars Battle Royale would come back.
I didn't think it was that bad of a game. They didn't play it, though, so I could be wrong.
But I have it free. It's in my library somewhere.
I would love that on PlayStation 4 because I like the idea of mixing two different stages together and having them battle it out and stuff in there.
Like, really obscure stuff. You know, like, Patapon versus, like, God of War creatures or some ridiculous crap.
I think they could have made it work, but...
But Smash Brothers is so, so, so, so good. I actually played that, too, this week. I forgot to talk about it in my gaming week.
But, I mean, that's just a given. Making a little progress in the worlds and spirits and all that stuff.
So, it's just a fantastic game. It's really a must-have if you're a Switch owner unless you just know it is not your type of game.
Like, otherwise, I really can't recommend that game enough.
RunJumpStomp says Sakurai said no new Kid Icarus for, like, 25 years. Well, that's a bummer because I love that series.
Well, from him, maybe somebody else can do one. I don't know.
Well, the Kid Icarus game that he released last time, was that very good?
It was... I liked it, but it was a departure. It just didn't feel the same as the original. You know what I mean?
It wasn't, like, Kid Icarus, like...
Like, I would like something that's Kid Icarus, but, like, that 3D Metroid they made that was a remake of the second game.
But it was, like, totally different.
Oh, yeah, the 3DS?
Yeah, like, I would like that with Kid Icarus.
Like, especially if Nintendo is going to insist on the 3DS still being around.
I would like to see, like, a 2D Kid Icarus there with, like, some of the difficulty, maybe some ways to cheese it when it gets really hard.
You know, and the dungeon exploring, I really loved in Kid Icarus. The music was always fabulous.
I just love the Greek mythology, cute, you know, the way they do that.
And the Eggplant Wizard is a great character that needs to shine again, right? So, there you go.
Is he an assist trophy in the game?
I'm sure he's got to be. He's not a character, that's the sad thing, but Palutena is, and Pit and Dark Pit.
And I'm almost positive, most positive Eggplant Wizard is a spirit, if nothing else.
Because those trophy things are kind of gone, it's all the spirit stuff now.
So, I'm almost positive Eggplant Wizard is one of those.
So, anyway, I love Kid Icarus, but every week here on the show we talk about other types of classic games.
I'm pretty sure Kid Icarus has been a classic game of the week, so if not, it better be soon.
So, we're going to get into the classic game of the week and check out in the gaming vault what is the classic game that has been picked for us this week.
So, let's get into it.
And so we take a step back through space and time and this magical time machine to cover the classic game of the week.
But this week it's going to be something a little bit different, because Dark Sakura, unfortunately, she's been a little bit ill,
and she is actually on mandated voice rest right now due to laryngitis-adjacent issues without getting too much into it.
Because that's her business, but unfortunately she can't even help us out this week with the classic game of the week.
So, I thought, even though it's awesome when I fill in and get to do my picks and Loki gets to fill in and do his picks,
I thought, you know, we should try to have guests here more often, even if we have to kind of fire up Skype or get folks here in person
to do some of these picks when Dark Sakura is not available for whatever reason.
So, please welcome back to the show. I know it's been a little bit, but Alan is here.
Hello.
Hi, Alan. How are you doing?
I'm pretty good. How are you?
Good. It's been a little while since we've had you here.
I know even though we live together, which makes you a very easy guest to have on the show, we have a very close relationship.
Let's just don't know.
But you have other commitments on Sunday nights, so you can't always be here during the show.
Yes. Or when I was working, Sunday was like my Saturday, so I just wanted to be off work.
Yeah, I hear you.
Now, before we get into the Classic Game of the Week, what do you think about, since you live here,
what do you think about all that's changed with the video transition and all that stuff?
You did a really good job of hiding how messy our house is.
See, I've talked a lot on this show about radio magic, but now that, my dear, is television magic.
Yeah, know your angles, both for pictures of yourself and of your studio.
That's right. If I could mount that camera higher so it's more like, you know, camera up, chin, you know,
get rid of that double chin, I would, but I've only got so much to work with.
All right. So anyway, Alan, you're here to give us your pick for the Classic Game of the Week.
It's got to be something 10 years older or more.
Yes.
And I know you've played a lot of different stuff than Dark Soccer or even myself,
so I think you've picked something kind of a little different, right?
So what is your pick for Classic Game of the Week?
My pick for Classic Game of the Week is a PC title that came out in 2003 by Microsoft Studios,
designed by Digital Anvil, and its name is Freelancer, the universe of possibility.
Freelancer was directed by Chris Roberts of Wing Commander fame.
The game was announced by Roberts in 1999, but of course, Microsoft likes to eat up game studios.
Digital Anvil was purchased by them, which really kind of put some kinks in the development of it,
but it did come out a couple of years after it was originally intended.
Now, I assume you were a big Wing Commander fan back in the day, too.
Well, yes. I really liked the...
Well, like the first two games. I don't know. They kind of...
Once they got into the full motion video, then it was kind of like, is this really Mark Hamill? What?
And especially that movie was not great.
Which I did not see.
I mean, you should keep it that way. But the first two were great.
The problem with Wing Commander is that I just was never any good at it.
The controls were too, I don't want to say realistic, but I just had a hard time steering the ship.
And when I could steer the ship, I couldn't hit the broad side of a barn with my missiles.
And it was one of those games that really did not take well to newer PCs,
because it didn't have like the slowdown built in or whatever. Like it didn't have a way to...
Oh, yeah.
I'm sure there's ways to play it now. I just haven't explored it in a long time.
I don't know if it's on one of those like, you know, old...
I imagine if you ran Wing Commander on DOSBox, you could just enter a code that says like,
suppress the CPU cycles by XML, and that would slow it down.
Anyway, sorry, it's not about Wing Commander, but same guy.
Same guy. And what he wanted to create with Freelancer is he wanted a way to play,
like have a multiplayer experience, which in 2003 was a very lofty goal,
because WoW was not out yet. And I think the real only the big MMO that was out.
And this is not an MMO. It's a single player campaign game with a multiplayer element.
The only thing really was like, you know, land party games like Command & Conquer or whatever,
or Starcraft. But then, of course, yes, EverQuest was the big MMO.
Ultima Online, probably.
Ultima Online, yeah.
So also, one thing that I noticed is that this game has some weird...
I don't want to say that BioWare or Mass Effect stole from this, but like, for example,
there are nodes like the Mass Relays where you jump to a system.
Something similar is in this game, where if you want to go from one star system to another,
you have to go to a jump point, and you go through like this thing,
and you get spit out into a different star system.
And Jennifer Hale, who is very prolific in the video game Voice Over World,
plays Junco Zane, who is basically your main...
Like, you play Trent, who's voiced by Ian Zierling, I think, from 90210.
Oh god, the 90210 guy, okay.
Yes, yeah. So he's the voice... Yeah, actually, George Takei is in it as well.
Oh my.
So yes, it does have some pretty big names in there.
So yeah, I just noticed like, oh, there are some weird sort of...
If you want to reach a little bit, Mass Effect connections.
Does it play like Wing Commander? I mean, I know it's still like a space game.
That's the thing. It was the first space sim combat game where I found it very easy to pick up,
very easy to learn how to play and be good at it very quickly.
I believe you can do a first person cockpit view, but your ship is kind of like...
Basically, you can see the thrusters of the ship. So it's like a third person.
Kind of like the camera sitting on the butt of the ship.
And you pretty much do everything. You steer and you also target the enemy spaceships with the mouse.
It's all mouse driven. Most of it is.
And you know how in games like that where you have to shoot where the ship is going to go?
So if the enemy ship is halfway across the screen, you want to shoot a little bit to the left of that
so that it will fly into your bullets?
Yeah.
The reticle that it gives you makes it very easy to figure out how that works.
Because in Wing Commander, I always had a huge problem with how the predictive targeting worked.
Even though the graphics, I believe, were a bit stunted,
it didn't necessarily have what would be considered 2003 graphics for the PC,
it did get a lot of acclaim for how pretty it was.
Some of the star systems, when you've got a planet sort of over a nebula, it's a really gorgeous game.
And we can see that now on Twitch, at least. That part of it.
It does look a little... I think it's a little more ahead of where a lot of games were in 2003.
2003 was more like the PlayStation 2 era, right? So yeah, it's a little bit ahead of that.
The NPCs, aside from three or four core NPCs like Jennifer Hill's character,
all have the same sort of flat, square mush face, kind of like the family in Katamari Damacy.
If you look in the video that's playing right now of the gameplay,
you'll notice that some of the people kind of look the same.
But the really big, ambitious thing that I was saying earlier that Chris Roberts wanted to create with this
was a persistent online state with a real economy.
So that up to 128 players could log into basically a game server, like one that you hosted yourself,
and if you logged out and logged back in, you could resume your career,
but the universe would have kept on even though you personally were not there.
And basically the plot of it, the first player or single player campaign mode is
you are a freelancer, which means you buy and sell ore from different star systems.
You know, buy low, sell high, blah, blah, blah.
But then you discover that you were used to smuggle alien artifacts,
and you discover the secret alien race that's going to kill humanity,
which is also kind of like a Mass Effect thing.
So you start as, you know, just like a Han Solo type character pretty much,
and then you end up saving the universe.
Spoilers.
Yeah, I know.
Just kidding.
Isn't it kind of like those Mass Effect-y connections that make you kind of think of that game fondly now,
or what is it about this game that made you think it's worthy of a classic?
It's been probably 10 years since I last played it,
but I know I've played it from start to finish at least twice.
Just because visually how pretty the outer space looks and how fun.
Like the combat is genuinely really fun because of how easy it is to play.
And I believe there are multiple difficulty settings.
Don't quote me on that, though.
But yeah, you can take breaks from the story if you want, except for at certain set points.
So if you really want to do more of the economy thing, you can do so.
What Chris Roberts was picturing in his mind when he pitched Freelancer was really EVE Online.
EVE Online is sort of what he really would have liked,
which was way too ambitious for Anvil or Microsoft to have done at the time.
But when he was trying to describe it, ultimately I feel EVE Online is sort of the actual execution of what he wanted it to be
because in multiplayer mode, all you really did is you could fight enemies and pirates and buy and sell different commodities.
But that was really it. And once you got over that, once you made money, there wasn't shit to do.
Quickly before we wrap up, how did you find this game? Was it because you followed Wing Commander?
I probably saw it at Electronics Boutique.
I bought, even before PC games had download codes at GameStop. You can't get PC games at GameStop anymore now at all.
Well, you pretty much are buying a card with a code on it.
Yeah, but I don't even see those anymore.
But yeah, no, I was just PC gaming and came across this game probably within a year or so after it came out, maybe 2004, 2005.
Saw that it was by Chris Roberts and really enjoyed the purchase.
Awesome. Well, there it is. If there's nothing else left to say, your classic game of the week.
Freelancer for the PC by Microsoft Studios. Awesome pick. One that I didn't know a lot about really until today, even though I was probably more focused on console gaming at the time. I don't know. Maybe my PC wasn't good enough.
The last thing that I'll make that was kind of neat is that the end game for the single player campaign is once you save the galaxy, blah, blah, blah, you're then sort of put back into the universe and you can do whatever you want.
But again, that gets very boring because it's just you in this huge universe buying and selling the same commodities. So it's kind of like the end game is kind of really fall short.
Is this something people can still play? I mean, you said it was the servers were on your end, right?
Yeah, I think you can host the server yourself.
Oh, that's pretty cool.
Also, I should have said at the beginning, it was the Freelancer is technically the sequel to a game called Star Lancer, which I want to say Star Lancer was available on the Dreamcast. Freelancer was PC only and Star Lancer flopped really bad.
And Freelancer actually sort of elevated the legacy of that series because Freelancer was a very good game where Star Lancer was not.
Gotcha. Well, great.
So now I'm done.
All right. Well, thanks, Ellen. That was a great pick. Quickly, I know we got to get back to the show, but just like in general, how's your gaming, like your present gaming world going?
I'm playing Overwatch ranked mode again because I took like, I don't know, five or six months off. I missed.
How do you like Ash?
She's fun. I'm not particularly good as her because I'm not good at snipers.
Stop!
Yeah.
We'll quote Jennifer Hale again.
True, yeah. Legend, icon.
Yes, because, yeah, we did meet her at GamerX. We have a picture with her.
Here's the part where Bobby in chat goes, Jennifer Hale was on my show.
Yeah.
Yeah, I know.
And but her voice is so recognizable to me now that even when she's putting on a Southern twang like Ash, I'm like, Jennifer, I know it's you.
So the Dark Souls thing finally ran out for you?
Yeah, I was playing the hell out of Dark Souls 2.
But after a couple hundred hours, I basically got, this is not relevant to the classic game of the week, but...
That's okay.
In Dark Souls 2, you can get a ring where if you equip it, you get a strength bonus on your bare fist so you can punch the shit out of monsters rather than the big giant Buster swords that normally Dark Souls is associated with.
You have to go through this really tedious mess to get that ring. So I did a playthrough just punching the shit out of monsters.
Nice. All right.
Just like Boxer Girl, like a fight, like kung fu.
But even if you put Dark Souls away for now, you'll probably come back to it in a few months time.
I still have not played Dark Souls 3.
And we do have to give a quick shout out to Akuma JP who fixed that situation.
Yes, my son, my handsome boy.
Not Akuma JP, but the Solaria Mibo.
Yeah.
I thought Mr. Smoosh was your son.
Yeah, I have many sons.
Okay.
Solaire of Astora is an iconic NPC from the first Dark Souls.
It's hard to describe the fixation with him.
He doesn't make any appearances in Dark Souls 2 or 3, which is a shame, but he is an iconic part of the Dark Souls or Demon's Souls legacy.
And you were able to get the amiibo.
And I was able to get the amiibo.
No thanks to Gamestop.
Yeah, no thanks to Gamestop.
Apparently they had all sold out by like May.
So dumb.
Because remember, Dark Souls Remastered for Switch was supposed to come out then.
Yeah.
But it came out in like October.
Yep.
So yeah, Akuma JP was like, I can just go there everywhere here.
What do you?
Yeah.
So he mailed me one and also some candy, which is now all gone.
So thank you for the candy.
Thank you.
All right.
We do need to get back to the show.
What can I say?
I'm a little partial to you, Alan.
I'm always going to let you have a little more time maybe than the average guest.
Well, this is played during the break, so you're probably eating right now.
That's awesome.
Yes, I'm hiding my time trying to shove an entire pizza.
And making coffee and going to the bathroom.
Yes, as one does during a three hour radio program.
But we do need to get back.
Alan, thank you so much for being here.
Any last parting thoughts for our listeners this week?
Constructive criticism about the studio video quality.
Please no like rude comments.
Okay.
Yeah.
No rude.
Everyone's been really cool so far.
Okay.
Right.
Bye.
So we're back here live in studio episode number 757 of our show in progress for this
December 23rd of 2018, or as my sister used to call it, Christmas Eve Eve.
So I don't know if you've ever heard that term before.
Is that just me?
No, I've heard it.
It was trending on Twitter earlier.
Was it?
Oh, well now it's well now it's not cool to say anymore than if it's something all the
kids are saying, I suppose now.
Anyway, so thanks to Alan for filling in for the classic of the week.
I thought that was a good choice, a game I didn't know a lot about.
So I learned something.
So I think that's something we'll kind of continue to do in 2019.
I mean, we love it when dark soccer is here and able to do stuff, but you know, things
happen and sometimes you can't always be here to do the classic game of the week.
So I'd like to do more.
I mean, you've, we've done a ton of games by now, so we should get more guests in to
do stuff.
It'll be fun.
So we'll try to do more of that in the future.
Anyway, of course we are live at twitch.tv slash vog network and we hope some of you
listening out there on the podcast feed will join us for a live show some night.
For those of you that are finding us through twitch TV, we hope you will check out our
podcast.
We are of course taping a live audio podcast that we've been running for 16 and a half
plus years.
Uh, that's available over on iTunes, Google play podcasts, pretty much all the favorite
places to get podcasts except, except not yet Spotify.
Uh, that's a 2019 thing cause we are going to kind of be moving hosts behind the scenes.
So, um, I got to get all that taken care of and then we'll end up going to a Spotify,
but none of that, none of that's going to affect like you guys downloading and all that
stuff.
So, all right, let's get back, I suppose, into some news.
We need to do some rapid fire news for you guys here.
All right.
So you may remember that the whole clusterfuck of, uh, fallout 76, well Bethesda is trying
to make good with, uh, people that have stayed with the game.
So now they basically announced on Twitter that anybody that has launched, logged into
fallout 76 during 2018 will receive a copy of fallout classic collection on PC, which
is fallout, fallout two and fallout tactics.
And so, uh, no word on how you'll be able to get those, but I'm sure code within their
Bethesda launcher or something like that.
Who knows?
Um, so stay tuned for that if you're playing the game.
And then of course, um, some unfortunate news for the uncharted movie.
It's apparently speaking of movies, I have concerns about apparently, um, they had, uh,
lost their director.
So, um, right now they are, uh, without a director on that, you basically said that
the closest to the starting line is uncharted and it's, that's a massive title.
Uh, we have a very good strip.
We have our star Tom Holland, and now that is subject to schedule and additional casting.
But as I say right now, it seems that most, um, be most near the horizon, but I don't
know what they're going to do now without, I guess I'll have to get a new director and
see how that goes.
But yeah, I'm not a hundred percent on this movie either.
It's just, I'm very skeptical with movies do change their directors a ton.
I mean, we know there's the very controversial guardians of the galaxy three and all everything
that's gone through, but you know that it's not uncommon for movies to lose directors.
Yeah.
So I mean, but let's just hope it's not a sign of abandoned shit.
It's probably just one of those, this project's taking too long to get off the ground.
I want to go do something else here.
He's doing the, um, I thought they said James Gunn's doing the, um, the second, um, suicide
squad.
No, no, no, no, no.
Wasn't the suicide squad.
It was the other one with, it's like an all female on.
Oh yeah.
I don't remember what it's called, but I know what you're talking about.
Yeah.
Yeah.
DC picked him up.
That's which is the obvious solution to that whole thing is that if Marvel doesn't want
him here, Aquaman's apparently pretty good.
Is it?
That's fine.
I never get to the movies.
It's that we actually, we were looking at going to see a movie last night, but there
was like nothing where we were like, ah, we were, well, the wreck it Ralph sequel.
We almost spider man.
I've heard a lot of good things about it.
I don't follow the comics.
You don't have to.
It's so good.
Okay.
I'll have to consider checking that out.
Alan really wanted to see the widows, that movie, but it's already gone from theaters.
I want to see also immortal engines by here.
It's not very good, but I just want to see it cause it looks interesting.
Okay.
But I would actually, if I had the choice between immortal engines and spider, I go
see spider man again.
I want to go see wreck it Ralph still the new it's it's good.
It'll be there for awhile.
It's good.
I could probably even wait to see it on video and the spider man is really good.
All right.
Oh, you're not the only one that's saying that.
A lot of people are saying that new spider man movie is pretty amazing.
I mean, I've seen wrecking Ralph to wreck Ralph too was, it was a cute movie, but spider
man was just like, after you see it, you're like, damn, I need to go see that again.
We get it.
Damn.
All right.
I'm just saying, I'm just saying, all right, let's talk about the NES switch online.
Of course, you know, you can play classic Nintendo games on switch online.
Still curious.
So they're going to bring us in January, but we had some new games in this December.
Uh, we had Ninja Gaiden or excuse me, Ninja Gaiden.
Uh, we had, uh, adventures of Lolo.
Uh, we had, uh, they, they did a couple of those, like I'd forget the column with the,
like the modest SP.
So they did one for Metroid and then they did one for, um, dr Mario.
But anyway, um, apparently, and I didn't know this, if you actually use the NES controllers,
cause those are out now.
Yeah.
If you actually use the NES controllers with this, you actually get different color scheme
and you get different sound effects that actually sound eight bit.
So it's just like this little Easter egg.
If you are actually using those old controllers, I guess that's neat.
Kind of neat.
Now this is what I think is more neat is that it was also discovered that with the new super
Mario brothers, you on switch, that whole thing that's coming out, that game is going
to support the classic controllers.
So even though Nintendo made no promises beyond the switch online, you know, because of course,
with that, those classic controllers are only having so many buttons.
Not every game is going to want to natively support that.
But I guess because Mario games are generally pretty much the same, right?
So you only need the two buttons.
So they actually made it so that the new super Mario brothers, you on switch is going to
use those classic controllers if you want.
That's kind of neat.
But what's that new super Mario brother?
Well, I was going to say a new super Mario brothers that originated on the DS.
So I was going to say, uh, yes, I was trying to think if it was DS and there was a Wii
version in the Wii U.
Because if it was on the Wii and they used the Wii remotes and those only had two buttons
as well.
So then that makes sense.
Yes.
But technically this is a Wii U port, but yes, I mean for sure what you're saying there.
I'm more curious because I remember on the Wii U version, the second player could like
draw on the screen and do something.
I'm just assuming that's just gone or maybe you could do it in portable mode and touch
the screen.
But I, it's probably not really a thing anymore.
I don't think it's a thing.
I think they just probably took it out.
It was like, ah, it's just one of those things that's going to go.
And instead you get things that inspired Bowsette memes.
So enjoy it.
Uh, speaking of things to enjoy in Nintendo products, uh, Firewatch is on the Switch.
I don't know how many of you have checked out Firewatch finally on the Switch because
it was on a ton of other, it was on PC, it was on PlayStation 4.
I loved Firewatch, but you know, I love the walking simulators, which I still don't like
that title, but if that's what they're going to call it, fine.
Um, I just recommended today, everybody's gone to the rapture to somebody who hadn't
played it yet.
I was like, oh, you got to play that game.
But anyway, Firewatch is really good too.
And it's on the Switch and apparently they've actually hidden away a Nintendo 64 controller.
There's actually a little Nintendo game called forest 64 and you can find this like it's
a little Easter egg and uh, yeah, I think it's just like cute little things to find
in the game.
So, um, yeah, neat.
I like those little things.
They did that same thing in a gone home.
Another one of those kinds of games that finally came out on the Switch.
They did almost like the super Nintendo games that were hidden in the sister's room or
something like that.
Right.
Yeah.
So yeah, not, not unheard of to see these types of callbacks.
So anyway, there you go.
Uh, there's some rapid fire news for you in what is otherwise kind of a slower news week,
but we still got some things to cover, including release dates, question mark.
I really see is this, this is Christmas week.
I just don't know if anything at all is coming out this week, but it's worth checking in
anyway.
There, there's nothing.
There's nothing that's coming out.
Um, console wise as far as like, um, an actual physical release or anything.
Sure.
I'm sure there'll still be some indie titles, but yeah, we don't get a list of those.
We got nothing on both fronts unfortunately.
So, all right, well there's one release in Japan, actually a couple.
There's one major release in Japan and a few minor ones.
Uh, but the major release in Japan this week on December the 27th Diablo three eternal
collection gets its Japanese release this week.
So that's not something a little something cause you know, Christmas is kind of different
in Japan.
It's not necessarily the hysteria it is over here.
Uh, but there's also on the switch, they have go vacation and Shin Sengoku Musou seven with
Moshu then DX.
So you have that to look forward to on the switch.
It is still a slow week, but at least it's not completely barren.
I don't know about the UK Loki.
Imagine it's pretty slow over there too though.
Nothing there.
Nothing there.
Yeah, nothing coming out until the 10th.
Uh, black Mamba in our chat says, I heard Final Fantasy seven is coming to switch in
2019.
Is this true?
I don't think they dated it, but it was in their last direct.
They did.
It was all the fun things.
Yeah.
10, 12, seven.
No, cause they skipped eight.
So not all the file fantasies cause remember everybody was like, where's eight though?
But the eight, cause let's be real, they're all ported PC releases pretty much right.
Or they're ports of versions that have already come out.
Now even though seven had a really old PC release, it had a somewhat newer PC release
and it had more importantly that PlayStation four release.
Remember when, um, at the PlayStation expo one year they announced it was before they
announced the fantasy seven remake.
They announced fantasy sevens come to PlayStation four and everybody loses their shit.
And they're like, yes, it's the classic final fantasy.
And like they go back to the audience, everybody's just like complete stone face.
Like really?
Bitch.
Do you remember that?
When they unveiled that?
Yeah, it was funny.
So anyway, that's the version I think they're probably doing on the switch.
And so there's what?
Seven, nine, 10, not 11, 12, and probably some other stuff too.
I'm forgetting in the moment.
Why not 11?
I know because I don't, I don't know if square knows where I feel like file fantasy 11 is
that thing that just kind of exists in a dark room somewhere and nobody's really checking
on it.
The mobile version is supposed to be coming out mobile version or like I check it out
on like, you know, cause switch can't run, you know, 14 we'll just get a remastered
11 and I'm fine with that.
Uh, Dr. Studio says, I thought I heard eight issue was licensing the music.
Well, that would be weird.
Wasn't all the music in an original, except unless maybe there was some weird agreement
with Faye Wong eyes on me.
Like I don't, would that really be a thing?
I don't know.
So I guess I could be surprised.
Maybe they had a guest artist or something, uh, that, Oh, dark to see it says it's the
one song eyes on me.
So maybe, you know, you could do the Konami thing.
No, you could do the Konami thing and get someone new to sing it.
I'm down.
Act Def says maybe it explains why there's only two songs in smash.
Cause you know, the final fantasy stuff in smash is pretty thin.
They really didn't go out of their way to add new fall fancy stuff where it's like everything
else kind of like has like new fancy stuff.
It's just really bother with this cloud.
It's fine.
All right.
This is the part of the show where we would usually get it in the mailbag.
However, there were no emails this week.
If you want to send us emails, you can send those emails to participate at orange launch
radio.com but unfortunately when I opened up the mailbag at participate at orange launch
radio.com there were no emails there.
So you know what that means?
I get to spend some time talking about RuPaul's drag race, all stars for hooray.
So did you see this week's episode?
Nope.
I didn't.
The lip sync with the lip syncs this season have been on point.
The one, this, I'm not going to spoil everything cause I probably, everybody's not watched
it, but the lip sync this last episode was so good.
So good.
I, it was, it was good.
I can't wait for the next episode of reading is fundamental, cheap plug to talk about it.
It was good.
But here's, I'll tell you this, this has got a lot of people talking in the community.
The next episode, the one that airs this Friday leaked because wow.
Cause everybody has to have their own Netflix thing.
So RuPaul's production company, wow presents world of wonder on their plus service where
they do like uncensored drag race and other, you know, uh, specials and things like that.
Wow.
Plus or whatever overseas accidentally posted the third episode early.
Oh, but you know what happens once it's on the internet is always on the internet.
So it's over on Reddit and you know, they're trying to hide it.
You kind of have to know like what corners to look and where, but if you really dig for
it, you can find it.
And so I already saw this Friday's episode because if I didn't watch it now, I was going
to get spoiled.
So I had to watch it before somebody else could spoil me.
So obviously I would never spoil for those that are keeping themselves away from it.
But this week's episode is pretty darn good too.
That's all I'm really going to say, but I'm still rooting for Monique Hart.
Do you know who Monique Hart is?
No.
Okay.
All right.
I don't know anything about three words, Loki Brown cow stunning.
That's all I need to know.
Okay.
It's really must like their, their dairy products.
Um, looking at, uh, it, Oh, Bobby Blackwell.
Okay.
You can ask this about an email segment.
Bobby Blackwell asks, so what happened on survivor?
So I can tell this little side story has nothing to do with gaming, but if you're not going
to send emails and I get a tangent time.
So I don't know if you knew about this trip I took.
So I took a trip in the middle of the week.
We drove down on Wednesday and drove back on Thursday.
We went to LA and here's why.
We were trying to get into the survivor finale in LA that they do at CBS studios.
And one of my friends, Kami, she got in through the seat filler.
All our female friends got in, all the males did not get in.
Hmm.
I wonder what that's all about, but maybe it was just a coincidence.
But anyway, um, actually this girl that I met while I was down there, that's kind of
hangs in the same kind of group.
She was right in the front and center at the very beginning.
You could not miss her.
So that was pretty cool.
We were watching it since we didn't get in, we went to watch an East coast feed at somebody
else's place and we got to, uh, you know, um, uh, kind of watch there.
And when we saw this girl in the front row that we knew it was like, Oh my God, we know
her.
So that was, that was kind of fun.
And so here's the thing though.
So I didn't just drive all the way to LA to like do nothing and end up watching an East
coast feed.
I mean, I met new friends, new people.
That's always fun, but we knew the place cause you know, people talk, we knew the place where
all the people that were on the show that felt like doing after partying, we're going
to go, we knew what bar they were going to.
So like some dumb survivor groupies, which is funny cause you know, I used to be obsessed
with the show, right?
Like I used to watch it all the time.
And I kinda like when I started doing more podcasts like on Wednesdays and stuff, I kind
of fell out of the habit of watching.
So I haven't watched religiously, but I've caught like two or three episodes this season
and this, this last season was pretty good.
So we went to the place in LA where all the people were going to show up and they did.
So we got to meet a lot of the people and a lot of, you know, the people that were on
it previously all showed up too.
So that was kind of fun.
You know, I didn't, I didn't recognize any everybody and I don't like to do the picture
thing an awful lot because I feel like then it's like you're asking somebody, you're going
up to somebody and going, can I get a picture?
Can I get a picture?
And then like, you know, you take that picture and they're like, okay, thanks.
Have a good one.
And I'm like, I think that's so like, I don't know, like I would rather like talk for like
two minutes to somebody.
So I didn't really get a lot of selfies, even though we got to talk to like, uh, Gabby was
one I know for sure that we ran into Allison was out front.
If you don't watch survivor, these names mean nothing to you.
Uh, but anyway, yeah, so, and, and the guy who won was there too.
So it was, it was a lot of fun.
So um, but I, the person I did run into that I had to get a selfie with and you have no
clue who this person is, but if I like survivor, I really like big brother, which is the really
trashy one right in the house.
Yeah.
I met Arisa Cox and I wouldn't expect you would know her, but anybody up north might
know her cause she's the host of big brother Canada.
So she was there at the survivor thing because I think ET Canada was covering it because
there's a lot of people in Canada, they don't have their own survivor in Canada.
They have their own big brother.
They don't have their own survivors.
They watch ours.
So I think she's kind of the bridge.
Like she does the little like correspondence for survivor in Canada.
So that was my moment.
That was my little celebrity encounter for the Canadians that listen, that might know
who I'm talking about.
She was really nice.
She was really patient.
This drunk guy offered to take a picture of us and he was just being really awkward and
it was like a really super awkward moment.
I was like, Oh, it's okay.
I'll get a selfie.
And I was kind of like, I'm like looking at her, I'm like, I'm so sorry.
You know?
She's like, Oh no, it's funny.
You know, type of thing.
She was really like humble and she's, you know, asking me some questions about like,
how do you, how do you watch it down here?
And I was like, girl, you know, there's places on the internet and she's like, you know,
so it was, it was cool.
It was cool.
Anyway.
Um, I love this.
Bobby in chat says I robbed as one show on Twitch and then he immediately goes to Hollywood.
Oh, you know, but now, now they did, it was fun.
I met, met some friends.
I've known online for a long time and that was, that meant more to me than people on
a TV show.
I watched twice there.
They're all normal people.
You guys, it's just, it's just Hollywood.
It's just a show.
Just like this.
All right.
Anyway, that's enough.
That's enough about weird, crazy.
I can't believe I did that, but it was one of those things where my friends were like,
do it, do it.
Why not?
And I was like, you know what?
Good point.
Like I could use just a random trip.
Why not?
Let's do it.
So it was fun.
Anyway.
All right.
So we're getting into some actual video gaming news now that I've told my little midweek
a trip story and let's get into, uh, what's going on with, uh, trophies and what they're
telling us, right?
Yeah.
So there's this, um, feature that they've launched, I guess, called, uh, my PS4 life.
It's some sort of marketing campaign that is like a highlight video of a player's individual
stats and milestones.
So based on that, um, I guess with the game they're talking about, like how many of like
a certain trophy out of how many people played the game, you know, what percentage you had
and based on that information, you're going to extrapolate how many copies of a game sold.
So people used math.
People use math to reverse engineer.
People math this week.
And that is the headline on Kotaku.
Yes.
So they, they have, I have to give a little crap.
Come on.
They, uh, figured out like some of the player counts for certain games.
So for example, Doom has 3.9 million people playing the game.
The Last Guardian, 1.94 million, um, people playing that.
Uncharted Lost Legacy, 3.9 million.
Wolfenstein, uh, 1.4.
Detroit Become Human, 2.4.
Red Dead Redemption, 6.1 and so on.
Fallout 76, only 407,000.
To be fair, I bet that game hasn't been out as long as the others and you have to
earn those trophies.
Well, I mean, okay.
They're still, they're using the math.
Nevermind.
Cause even if only 0.1% of people have a trophy, you can still kind of figure some things out
that way.
That's interesting.
Yeah.
But, I mean, there's room for error too, because there's only so many decimal points
in those percentages.
So obviously, I mean, we know these are just like estimates and they, there may be some
gray area cause some people buy games and then never unlock any trophies.
Some people bought the game, returned it, or so, so, and it went a second hand sale
basically.
So they still have the trophies on their account, but now somebody else bought the same copy
and has their own trophies.
So it's, it's not quite, it's not proof proof math.
No, for sure.
But it's interesting when we don't necessarily always get the sales number.
Yeah.
They haven't been releasing a lot of sales numbers anymore.
They don't break it down like the MPD used to.
Um, now it's a lot of that's private unless they want to brag about, oh, look at how well
our console sold.
Hence the Smash Brothers story from before the break.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Uh, going in chat at live or see that live.vognetwork.com will still work, but at, uh, at a Twitch TV
vog network, uh, active says people did math and obtained results more at 11.
Yep.
Pretty much.
But that, that's the kind of stories you get on Christmas and new year's week when everybody's
finally on vacation, I think at this point of the year.
So let's move on to something else overseas that might be a little more serious.
Uh, in Germany, legal action is being pursued against Nintendo for their no cancellation
eShop preorder policy.
Uh, yeah.
If you didn't know that, if you try to preorder something on Nintendo, uh, you cannot take
back seas.
Uh, you can't have it built in that they can do that.
So, uh, they say, uh, when you go, it can't be, they, so they tell you, it's not like
you're surprised.
It is, it's in that little print that a lot of you probably don't read, but people will
try to call customer service and it's not something that they really do.
So, uh, the Norwegian consumer council initially kind of started to try to change this policy
but now the German consumer protection authority has collaborated with the Norwegian consumer
council and is now going to take legal action against Nintendo Europe because Nintendo Europe
is based in Germany.
Now if you think our courts are slow, so are theirs.
So it's not something that's going to happen overnight, but, uh, there's some, uh, further
details about what's going on here.
Um, Nintendo did cite the article 16 of the European consumer law directive in their defense
and it says it doesn't have to allow cancellation if quote, the performance has begun with the
consumer's prior express consent, which they're doing with the pop-up and with the acknowledgement
that he will lose his right of withdrawal once the contract has been fully performed
by the trader.
But in the retort, the Norwegian consumer council said the company plainly states that
all purchases are final.
According to the right of withdrawal laid out in the consumer rights directive, such
terms are illegal until the game can be downloaded and launched.
The seller cannot prohibit the consumer from canceling their preorder, which makes sense.
They really shouldn't be able to do that yet is a little weird because I mean, unless you've
actually downloaded the game, I mean, I don't understand you haven't downloaded anything
yet.
Well, who cares?
Let's, let's ask this question too.
Why is anyone preordering anything anymore?
Because people preorder stuff because they're either really excited about, they want to
actually buy something because they know that they want it or they're doing it because of
some sort of bonus that they're throwing in.
And that's really, that's the whole preorder culture.
I understand.
It's got to be the bonus.
It makes sense in the sense of like physical copies because you have to know what to, you
have to know what to bring in as far as inventory.
And so you need to have those preorders that gauge a number of like, here's how many copies
we need to bring in at this location type of thing.
But it's just, I buy a lot of stuff online and so I want to lock in that release day
shipping from a major online retailer that I use.
And so, uh, you know, that might be as, but that's about as far out as I preorder.
Usually I've had a copy of Kingdom Hearts three on preorder since like 2013 because
said major online retailer accidentally listed it for like $40 at one point.
And so like I preordered it then and so now they have to honor that price.
They don't have to do shit.
They can cancel your order and then I guess they could, but they better not.
That's not a nice thing to do.
I'll cancel my prime.
I won't.
But anyway, I don't think they're going to do it.
I think they are still on re because if you think about it, when the, uh, they were, um,
giving you the 15% discounts or 20%, whatever the hell it was anyway, that was about the
equivalent of that.
Anyway.
Now, yes, they got rid of that, but they're probably just writing it off for this one.
You know, how many people got what I got and are still locked into it?
Probably not very many, probably also in related news, Kingdom Hearts three is like actually
a real thing that's going to happen.
I kind of can't believe it.
You know what I mean?
Like, I feel like this game has been like a non-existent thing for so long and now it's
like actually going to happen and it's really weird, but anyway, um, Bobby Black Wolf points
out in our chat that he got the same detail, uh, but, uh, he wishes he was getting it on
Xbox one X probably because of the four K stuff and you know, the things his, his theater
can do.
But for that price, he'll deal with it.
He says, uh, and then act F says, I can only imagine dark soccer's ears burning right now
with everyone using the word preorder.
Well, unfortunately, whether it's gram grammatically correct or not, that is the term that everybody
kind of runs with.
So that's what we're using here too for now.
And really you shouldn't preorder games because agreed just in the like nowadays, like a lot
of stuff gets released, even if it's like a well known, like a quality Bethesda, most
of the, okay, but that's the games where the most of them come out.
They're functional.
I mean, and they, they're not terrible.
They granted kind of said that with a question mark, they're functional.
Yeah.
They're, they're, I mean like Skyrim and oblivion and like, and you'll follow three
and stuff like that.
I mean, they were functional.
You would be satisfied.
Okay.
This is a full game.
You know, whatever.
It's not completely broken out of the gate like it is with like the fallout 76 or a lot
of these games are releasing kind of in a broken state because, Oh, we need to get
it out right away.
So that's kind of one reason why you don't want to necessarily preorder because it could
be a broken mess for a very long time.
And if they're more interested in selling those emotes and DLC than fixing the game,
you're going to be stuck with a broken game for a long time.
Why should you have to give them money upfront to be a beta tester for their fucking product?
I think there'll probably be less and less people preordering in 2019.
I just, you know, especially now that you know that if you do it with Nintendo, you
can't cancel it.
I mean, I don't know how many people are really like, like, you know, if you want super smash
brothers, like you're not canceling that shit.
You know what I mean?
Like it's very rare, but I can also see people's personal life circumstance.
Like what if you preordered a bunch of games and then heaven forbid you lose your job or
you have a huge financial emergency of some other sort and you're like, all right, something's
got to go.
I better cut back all these games.
But if you did that with Nintendo, you can't, we'll just don't do it through their eShop.
You can do it at like a game store and because you're only putting $5 down there and you
can go in and cancel your game.
And they'll invest your $5 and then give you just the $5 back and keep whatever got invested.
Yeah.
Cause that's how it works.
Some of these games.
So like, I don't understand.
I get it.
Like the, you need to know how many copies of something and that's more of like for obscure
games, like, like, Oh, if I wanted to get earth defense force, you know, the day it
comes out, I might want to preorder that because if I want a physical copy, they might not
order a lot of those because they're not expecting a lot of people want it.
So that would be something I would need to go in there and actually order a copy of.
But if it's like Red Dead Redemption 2, they're ordering all the fucking copies they can get
and you're not going to have a problem getting that in, you know, getting that day one.
Um, of course they'll tell you that it's going to be a problem, but you know, Bobby Blackwolf
in chat says I preorder hardware like rock band stuff, but that that's different because
you know, there'll be limited supply and some companies have real problems keeping
them in stock.
Right?
Nintendo.
You know what I mean?
So anyhow, it'll be interesting to see what comes of this.
If Nintendo is going to be forced to change their policy in Europe anyway, remember there's
no reason why it would just be Europe that changes, but uh, it is interesting as we're
starting to elect more and more people from, you know, the generation X and millennial
generation into, um, Congress and into elected offices, you get more and more people that
are familiar with it.
God, I fucking cannot wait for some computer literate people to be in the fucking Congress
and Senate.
I already caught house in the Senate.
It's happening slowly, but it's not fucking like I know everybody's watched the clips
online of like people trying to explain to senators, you know, here's what an I or here's
what Android is.
Here's what Google is.
You know?
Oh, my iPhone's not working.
Well, I'm sorry, sir.
We don't make that phone.
You know, we talking about, it's the same thing is it's like, I just want like somebody
that knows what the fuck they're doing to be voting on it.
Like you can't vote on the internet if you don't know what the fucking internet is.
Grandpa.
I mean, seriously, just fucking like if you're that incompetent and stupid with it, you shouldn't
be voting on anything.
You should be out.
What's his whining term limits?
What's what's her name?
I don't want to get too political, but I do crack again.
This person I know is super controversial because she's she's really, really left.
Alessandra Cortez, I know you're talking about, right?
Sorry, guy.
I'm so sorry.
I just don't have the news articles in front of me and I forget the name in the moment,
but I'm actually complimenting her.
I think it's cool.
Like politics aside, I don't want to bring that up right now, but like just the fact
that if you go to her Twitter, she posts pictures of herself on Friday nights watching Drag
Race, holding a glass of wine.
And I'm like, politicians can be just like us.
It's amazing.
You know what I mean?
It's like, it's like that.
Now that feels like a representation of me.
You know what I mean?
You didn't feel represented by the guy that spent all that campaign money on Steam games.
Maybe a little bit.
Maybe a little work of gold or whatever the hell it was.
Thank you.
The chat room.
Uh, saving me there.
Ocasio Cortez.
That's her name.
That sounds, that sounds right.
I don't know.
Michael pointing out.
Ted Lou has a computer BS in computer science and a BA in political science.
So there you go.
And DJ Rama S says she's being nerfed in the Senate as we speak, but she's in the house.
Isn't she?
Anyway, I don't want to do, I don't want to do blog, but I couldn't help but think of
that when we talk about, you know, more and more game aware people like, you know, we'll
never forget.
I just brought this up in the show recently in that Supreme court ruling where like one
of the Supreme court justices offices, like all the staff knew mortal combat.
They all played it growing up.
You know what I mean?
Exactly.
It's a very different way of looking at it than when it was 1992 and you had what Alan
Tipper Gore, whoever it was up there going like, you know, kids today are playing this
filth and you know, holding up a copy of night trap, which is the most ridiculous fucking
game in retrospect.
If you just can't keep up with what's going on out in the world, then it's going to be
hard to be able to make rules about it.
It means, I don't know, then didn't you re you know, you have to rely on lobbyists to
tell you what's going on and they're like, well, you see this, you know, free open internet's
bad.
You need to do this.
Oh, okay.
Cause you don't know the fucking going on.
I mean, it's, it's just dumb, but anyways, enough politics, enough politics.
Next story.
Anyway.
So speaking of things that aren't so great, I see now I used to be a huge fan of the lemmings
and you know, back when geo cities was a thing, I used to do drawings of back when it was
what spectrum?
Holobyte was the company that made it right away.
Yeah.
Psychosis.
Oh, okay.
Um, which, you know, originally it's right.
You're right.
You're right.
DMA done designs, you know, did, uh, grand theft auto and stuff.
So lemmings lemmings too.
You know, I used to, that'd be doing my jam.
Um, well now they have lemmings coming out, uh, mobile platforms and if you've never played
lemmings, just say it was these little, you know, cause lemmings, they just follow blindly.
Like that's what a lemming is.
Right.
But they actually made a little character out of it and they would be, they would March
in a line and like it was a puzzler game.
Right.
Like you had to get the lemmings to the exit without letting them die.
But you had to make like builder lemmings, you had to build a wall.
So the lemming would like turn around, go the other way.
Like it was a puzzle game basically.
So, um, here's the only thing about this because it is a mobile game.
You know, there's the mobile tax, which is the tax on your patients and on your wallet
because, um, in the game, of course, you know, because you have the different types of lemmings
that you can create moves and stuff like that.
Apparently, according to some of the chat comments here, each costs one in game currency
to do a move.
And if you run out of moves, then you have to wait two hours or for 20 more of said currency.
And otherwise you're going to buy like gold to do a move, I guess.
I would have thought maybe to unlock new boards or to get it.
I don't know.
That's what I'm reading, but you know what, here's the thing.
So if you want to check it out, it's pro it's free to play.
So check it out.
You don't like it.
Or if it's just bullshit with the fucking microtransactions, delete, delete.
I mean, it's, that's the easiest thing I could recommend.
Comments from our chat over at a Twitch TV vog network.
Uh, DJ Rama S says, I fucking love lemmings.
Pretty, pretty simple comment there.
But I mean, it looks like lemmings.
It looks pretty cool.
It's just, I, I, uh, what's that wheel?
I just saw it spin a wheel and like you get like super lemmings or different things, but
character lemmings.
Oh Lord.
Anyway.
Uh, Brack, the man has played this a little bit, a comment here saying I'm a pretty hardcore
lemmings fan and I've been playing a bunch of this mobile game and what a bummer.
I'm sorry.
That's fine.
I've been playing a bunch of it and I hate it.
I don't know why, but I can't stop playing it.
I hear that.
Uh, Dr. C says I did like lemmings on super Nintendo.
I think we rented it once or twice back then.
Yeah.
That was around the time that it was, you know, really at its peak on PC was like lemmings
and lemmings too, you know, with all the music on the ad lib card and all that stuff back
in the day.
So yeah.
The originals were great.
I had lemmings two on PC and lemmings one on NES.
They did a PlayStation version, didn't they?
They had to.
They probably did.
Super lemmings.
Funny enough, the last lemmings game that came out was a PlayStation mobile title.
So I think it was also a mobile port as well, but it was also on a PSP and Vita.
So they have that.
Um, but I mean, it's all right.
All right.
Well, uh, this is, you know, we were talking about Kingdom Hearts three a little bit ago
and some people are getting an even better deal than, uh, the, uh, pre-order at a cheap
price.
Some people are already playing it.
That's right.
Even though the game is not supposed to come out until January 29th, some people already
have it.
Six weeks in advance.
Uh, and this was confirmed, uh, developer, uh, Nomura confirmed copies of Kingdom Hearts
three are out there six weeks ahead of schedule.
Of course, they didn't say how it happened.
If you want to believe rumors, there's some indie retailer in Mexico that put one on the
street.
I don't know.
But my question is how the hell did they have it that far out?
That's I really thought it's the, it's the distributor or whoever's, well, it's, it's
really, it comes down to Sony's fault because Sony doesn't know any of these distributors
shouldn't or companies shouldn't be shipping that product to these distributors that early
and they shouldn't be shipping it out to the stores that early and the source shouldn't
be putting it out that early.
So it's just somehow maybe copies fell off of a truck out of a duplicator or something
like that.
I don't know, but it shouldn't be out that early.
Now here's the interesting thing in the statement from Nomura over on Twitter on the official
Kingdom Hearts Twitter is that he's telling people to avoid clips, avoid spoilers, obviously,
you know, that's the type of thing he wants to do.
I'm sure Twitch is shutting that down as is YouTube.
You know, it's, I, I believe it's against Twitch terms of service to stream a game before
it's officially out unless of course you have permission, you know, you have a, you're a
media outlet or something, but that's, that's special circumstance.
But anyway, apparently Nomura confirmed the epilogue and a secret movie, which apparently
is some of the biggest spoilers out there.
They're not on the disc.
They will be released later just in case.
And this was the case.
So the biggest spoiler, I mean, some spoilers will leak, but the biggest ones can't.
They are locked or they're, they're not on the disc.
So you have to actually download a day one patch to get it.
Uh, yeah, it's released at a later date just in case, so they will not be shown before
the game's release.
And Nomura continues, we want everybody to equally experience the full game after its
release.
So we ask for your continued support on its matter.
We're grateful that fans have been warning each other already about the spoilers and
so on and so on.
Do they finally kill Donald Duck?
That would be a great, I told you, bitch, if you don't heal me this time, it's over.
Heal please.
So anyway, I, and I may, maybe that is the, no, I made it up, I made that up, but I know,
and they're not going to kill a Disney character.
Give me a break.
Um, well maybe they do.
Maybe that's the gag.
Maybe they do.
I don't know.
They might kill one of the square characters, but they're not going to kill a Disney character.
So I don't know.
So I don't know if it's those kinds of spoilers or, you know, so and so was X, Y, Z all along
or what it is, but just be careful surfing the internet.
There's a lot of people that are very sensitive about spoiler stuff.
So, um, you know, but, but like on the, the Kingdom Hearts, Reddit and stuff, they're
not letting people talk about it and those sorts of things.
So just keep it in your pants till January 29th when everybody can play it.
But it is, it's fascinating that it did leak this soon.
You know what I mean?
Yes.
Yeah.
Um, what happens though, if you are somebody perhaps in Mexico or in another country or
in a remote area, like in Alaska where you don't have a strong internet connection to
download this stuff on a day one patch.
Now what do you do?
I think that's a good question too, is it's like, well, this move kind of screws those
people.
It's gotta be a day one patch that they're doing that and they can't like, what if I
can't connect to the internet and do it?
So is it, are we just at the point where it's like, if you don't have internet, you shouldn't
have a piece PlayStation four.
Is that just where we're, is that where game companies are at?
Yeah, that's interesting.
I really feel like that is just kind of like the unspoken, like nobody wants to say that.
And I'm not saying that, but the industry, the industry is saying that with what these
actions here is their basis to say, if you don't have internet, maybe PlayStation four
isn't for you or, or Xbox one or you know, anything that is, is really online a lot.
And I think this may be especially so with PlayStation five and what we get to for the
next generation and act Efton point act Efton chat says it is what it is, Robin, that there's
really nothing.
Not going to make anybody not buy the game because they're going to have to download
a huge day.
One patch.
It's not, that's not going to change anybody's mind.
No, you might have one or two Twitter, crazy people that are like, this is an outrage,
but it's just, it's just not, it's not going to change people's mind.
I mean, it's, it's the day and age where like, you know, of course you have internet.
What don't you have internet?
Don't you have phones?
Don't you have a phone?
Just a few more stories before we try to get to the Skype line tonight, and then we'll
wrap up.
I don't know if Skype is going to work tonight, you guys though, but we'll try.
It's going to be so long story short, um, the Skype thing on the old, the old thing,
like finally died.
And so I have to get Alan to do, since we're going to be off next week, I have to get Alan
to do the upgrade on this computer so that way I can run the new stuff and then we'll
be able to do that again.
Or I've got to be able to do it over here, but long story short, I got to run it off
my phone.
But I think in this period, we're going to be gone.
I can get Alan to do those upgrades in this PC and then I'll be, I'll be all good and
can run the new Skype and have this on windows 10 and all that stuff and, and be set.
So that'll be nice.
But yeah, they finally killed Skype on the old windows, which we knew was coming in like
November or something like that.
So Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas, filthy animal.
So all right, anyhow, uh, let's get to a few more stories.
Loki.
So Blizzard is going to be, if you are going to be cheating in Overwatch or breaking rules,
it's going to go on your permanent record.
They're going to have this, I'm going to note this in your file, the, yes, they're this
Overwatch league.
Uh, they've got a discipline tracker that's basically going to log any sort of infractions
that players have, um, in different events and you'll be able to actually view those
infractions.
Um, they said that the tracker is, uh, seven players have already been penalized according
to the tracker.
Um, and of course, league play doesn't start until February 14th, but, um, they're going
to be conducting, I guess, full reviews of players conduct in history and, um, gamers
as well.
Um, when they're picked up by teams and just going to be, it's, um, apparently players
who are not in an Overwatch league team could face suspensions or fines if they returned
to league play.
Um, but yeah, it's, it's interesting that they're really keeping track of all that stuff.
Uh, of course, you know, they've been punishing them for other things other than breaking
rules, but like making, you know, racist, shitty things on their Twitch streams and
stuff.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We know about that.
So I was, I was, I was, when we brought this up, I was fascinated, like how many people
were already on it and it seems like the most major infraction is some type of like bot,
bot botting, um, like power leveling and a low B account.
What do they call it?
Thank you.
So it's been count boosting for two account boost account boosting.
That's what it is.
And that's when you get like a high level player who plays something low, like a throwaway
account or something to play against like lower level players.
Or, uh, I want to say it has something to do with like helping people get up into the
big ranks fast.
Like basically you go play on a low account, you play really, really, really well and you
kind of like boost the skill level of that account.
So whoever really wants to play it can play with higher level people, if that makes sense.
I don't know why you would do this, but people probably play pay money for this.
Yeah.
They have had one person that's been a find a thousand dollars for account sharing.
Uh, one person that was suspended three games for selling an account and obstructing league
off.
Is it official, official investigation?
Then try to hide it.
Uh, act F says it's called smurfing as well.
I knew there was another term for that.
Yeah.
So interesting.
Uh, when the new, the new season of the league hasn't even started.
Um, and I know they unveiled all the new teams.
There's a lot of new teams out there.
Uh, I did not see if there were any more women maybe with all these expansion teams.
Cause you know, I was kind of like, where are the women at?
And uh, the two I looked at didn't have any, but to be fair, I haven't looked at all the
new teams, so I don't know.
But I'm, I'm preparing myself to be extremely disappointed that we're not progressing much
in that.
But is it because they're just not allowing women to play or is it just because women
just don't want to do it?
I think they aren't trying hard enough to find women.
That's kind of what it is.
Or, you know, recruit, train, build up women.
You know what I mean?
I think there's, there's, there's tons of women out there who love Overwatch.
Like go to any anime convention and people that are dressing up and a lot of people posting
online, there's tons of women that love Overwatch and I'm, I'm sure just like there's plenty
of boys who want to get good at it.
There's plenty of girls who want to get good at it and are trying to get good at it too.
But for whatever reason, we're just, because gaming has typically been a very bro culture,
and I've kind of addressed this before, I don't want to retry the wheel too much, but
you know, we're just not making those kinds of opportunities and we're not, you know,
it's great.
We have at least one, but I don't want just a token.
You know, there should be several women in the league for folks to look up to and aspire
to be.
But again, I have not looked at all the new teams.
If somebody wants to correct me and let me know there's, there's more folks joining Aguirre,
that would be fantastic.
But, oh yeah, and Act F points out, there's a lot of Overwatch girl streamers and they're
pretty good.
Don't know if they're pro level players.
Well, you know, it's, you have to kind of open, you start at the local level with the
tournaments and things like that.
But if the tournament culture is toxic to women and not accepting women and women get
in there and they just get like awkwardly hit on and you know, and I'm probably not
the right person to talk about this.
You know, maybe Dar Sakura or other women out there can talk about some of the experiences
of weirdos at these events or not feeling welcomed.
And I think what we can do as dudes is just welcome everybody.
That's all we have to do.
Make sure everybody feels welcome.
It seems that a lot of people that are like focused on being very good in like video games
tend to be a bit more introverted and socially awkward and don't necessarily know how to
conduct themselves normally around people in general.
We can correct that appropriately too.
We can call that out and say, Hey, like you really shouldn't say that to somebody.
You know, we can do that too.
You know what I mean?
And that's probably missing to be fair.
That's probably a big part of it.
So anyway, I didn't mean to retread that whole ground.
Sorry, but I had to come up and I do.
So it's, it's something I feel strongly about.
All right.
Anyway, uh, we do have one more story for you guys tonight and it is about the, this
brand new toy for kids.
I don't know if it's something your kids are probably too old for this at this point because
it's a new Fisher Price toy and it looks like, it looks like an Xbox controller.
So it's like something for like babies.
It looks like an Xbox controller with little like numbers and letters all over it.
But here's the hilarious thing is that apparently somebody at Fisher Price actually programmed
up up, down, down, left, right, left, right.
Be a start into this controller.
So when you do it, it actually like will like flash and play a special sound and all this
stuff.
So it's kind of like, it's really one of those funny things that they did there.
So it's awesome.
Yeah.
So it actually will like, you know, call out all the letters and shapes and all that stuff.
It's kind of fun.
So a little, a little hidden secret thing that they did there.
So um, cute is the type of thing you'd buy for a new kid.
New baby.
Yeah.
Yeah.
New baby.
Probably more so, but something that the adult, cause you know, sometimes you can't help it.
You can't play with your baby's toys.
You're like, you kind of play with it a little bit.
You're going to try.
Well, somebody did clearly.
Clearly it's like, Oh, Hey.
Yeah.
All right.
So anyhow, um, I'm going to try to get Skype open here in a moment.
I needed to do this on my cell phone, but I got to sign out of my other account to do
that.
So while I'm switching that over on my phone, uh, Loki, I don't know if you have any last
minute stories.
Um, if our Skype line is kind of flopping tonight as well, you can also feel free to,
uh, send us questions in our chat room, uh, over at Twitch TV and we'll get to some of
those, um, questions in chat as well.
So we'll get to that here shortly.
I just have to switch over cause I'm signed into my personal account right now and I'm
going to switch over to the orange launch radio account and then we can start taking
some calls.
So while we wait for that, I don't know if we have any, uh, last minute stories, last
minute stories.
We can talk a little bit about the Soulja boy game console and I mean, okay, I'll be
fast.
Long story short.
Um, he is drop shipping these like retro game consoles that you see like in like mall kiosks
and stuff like that.
Basically these consoles that emulate other systems and have like all these illegal roms
thrown on there.
Um, and then he's calling them the Soulja boy game consoles and stuff and it's like,
that's bad enough at as it is, that's these really shitty Chinese knockoff consoles that
have stolen roms in there.
But then he's just doubling down on that shit basically when people are calling him out
on it and saying, Hey Nintendo, I, you might want to take a look at this because there's
fucking NES roms on this shit and then Ted has come after people for a lot less.
Uh, so now he's just like, you know, fuck all you guys, I don't give a fuck of what
Nintendo does.
You know, come at me bro type of shit.
And so, you know, he's been posting stuff on Twitter and that's been not so necessarily
nice and um, to which people have basically said like myself, that's not going to end
well for you sir, but it'll be interesting to see how that goes.
All right, let's see if this works.
I'm going to try to do it live.
Hi, you're on orange launch radio.
Who's this?
Oh, I'm not hearing it.
Hold on.
Rage nator.
Uh, it might be cause my volume is all the way down.
Try again.
Rage nator.
Oh, I was worried about, wait, maybe, maybe the issues over here.
Hold on.
I'm going to try to fix one thing over here real quick.
I don't know.
Live radio folks.
I know.
That's television.
Oh, you know what?
No.
I had this knob all the way down, so I bet that's why we couldn't hear him.
Try again.
Rage nator.
Are you there?
Can you hear me now?
Yes, we can.
Good.
I just needed to touch the knob.
All right.
Anyway.
Um, I can link that very well.
Thank you.
What's on your mind tonight?
Rage nator.
Uh, well since I already asked the question to Bobby, I can't, I didn't ask you now, especially
since this will be your last show for the year.
Um, what would you say is, uh, your game of the year or games?
Game of the year or games.
We're going to address this a little bit on our first episode back to give us a little
time to play more games, but give us an early preview.
What do you think is in contention for your game of the year?
Loki, what do you think is in contention for your game of the year?
Um, contention, I would say probably Super Mario Odyssey because I picked up my Switch
in April.
So I mean for me that was kind of, you know, it was a really good game.
So um, yeah, I'd probably be one of them.
I really like, I didn't play a ton of games this year, at least I don't remember.
I have to go back and think about it, but I would say absolutely expect to hear Tetris
Effect in my list somewhere.
I just haven't decided where it's going to be yet.
Yeah, um, now, uh, you know, I'm not totally sure if I guessed this last week or not, uh,
but just in case I did not, um, seeing as Steam is having their Christmas sale right
now, did you pick up anything?
Not yet, but I'll probably go through my wish list later because I did see some games were
down to like $5 or something like that.
Look guys, I have Rage Nator trapped in the box, just like I had Bot Culture last week.
Get me out, get me out!
But not yet because thankfully Loki already bought me the Katamari Damacy, that wasn't
technically a sale though, but that was a Steam wish list purchase of sorts.
So that's kind of where my holiday playtime has been, at least so far.
Oh, excellent choice.
I agree.
What about you?
Do you have anything?
Like, tell us one game real quick.
Uh, well, um, I only got one thing, a piece of DLC, it's the Deluxe, uh, Edition Upgrade
to, um, what was the game, uh, Shadow Warrior 2, uh, that DLC is normally like $10, it was
75% off, um, I already had the game for free.
I only got the DLC because, for the soundtrack and to a lesser degree, the diary book, but,
um, that was really the only thing I could have before, I just barely scraped together
the $250 for that, so.
Well, there's also still a lot of time, because the sale goes on until what, like June, or
June?
June.
Until June!
I don't like it.
January 3rd, yeah, there it is, and it's January 3rd at 10am, so, um, you know, early in the
morning on January 3rd, but it's going through January 3rd, and I'm sure there's gonna be
a lot of people that will get, like, gift cards and things that they get over the holiday
that they'll want to spend on the store, and it seems like Steam no longer, like, I remember
they used to do this whole, it's on sale for this much, for these four hours, they kind
of just stopped doing that, because they really-
They do different things each day.
It switches up, I like to, I tend to go to the Game Deals subreddit, and I watch stuff
through there, because they'll tell you, like, all these different sites that things are
on sale, and you may even see, like, free games, like Humble was offering, like, a free
LEGO game last week, and a free LEGO game this week, so.
Oh, cool.
I've been adding stuff-
Oh, is it, doesn't the Epic store start giving away games?
Yeah, Epic Store is doing Subnautica right now, so you can pick that up, um, so you may
want to do that, I think I already have that, though, so I haven't really picked it up yet,
I may do it anyways, but.
Your gaming backlog isn't big enough, oh, I did see that, and it's on Loki's screen,
right now, so Caliber-
Hey, and look how many games I have right now!
No, 573, no Konami!
Yeah.
Uh, Soul Caliber 6 is 33% off, so I may, that may be the one that finally gets me.
Alright, well, Rage Nator, I'm gonna let you go to try to see if we get any more calls
in, okay, buddy?
Yeah, sure.
Uh, one thing, uh, before I, uh, do let you go, uh, just in case, you know, just in case,
there's, uh, some people that, uh, listen to this show, but don't necessarily listen
to Bobby's show, um, right now-
Which isn't a good life choice, by the way, but, that's fair, there's only so many hours
in a day, fine.
Yeah, um, I mentioned, at least mentioned in Bobby's show, if you happen to have, uh,
Xbox 360 or, uh, Xbox One, if you go onto their video store, they're having something
going on, uh, where they're giving away free first seasons, a lot, a lot of anime series,
so if you happen to like anime, or just looking for something to watch, anything to watch?
Free entertainment, might as well grab it.
Makes sense, give away the first season to get people to buy season two and three, makes
sense, makes sense.
All right, buddy, thanks for the tip, have a good one, okay?
Yeah, all right, have a good one, bye.
Yep, you too, bye-bye now.
I swear to God, I don't remember half of these games that I purchased these.
I need to, like, seriously, well, first off, I need to find a place to do streaming in
my house, aside from my garage, I wish it wasn't all in my garage, the house is just
not that big, but then I need to go back and play all of these games, just randomly
pick a game off my Steam list every day, and just do a stream of stuff, cause I have, like,
I don't even know where I got half of this stuff, this is ridiculous, um, let's see.
That was, okay, now I can, that was weird, because somebody called, and then it like
disconnected, it wouldn't connect the call, so I had to call them, isn't that weird?
Yeah, Skype is all sorts of broken.
Well, let's be real, the way I got it set up right now is like super crazy, but it works,
so who are we gonna trap in our box now?
Hi, you're on Orange Zones Radio, who's this?
You can't say I'm trapped in a box, because I'm used to living in a box, I'm currently
living in a box as we speak, okay?
Cause you live in New York City, and how much are you paying for that shoebox?
I can't even joke, we're not that far from San Francisco, and it's worse in San Francisco
if you can believe it.
Oh, I believe it, but it's like I tell people, you walk into my apartment, I have a galley
kitchen, okay?
And the galley kitchen is like six feet, and then you turn around, and that's the boiler
room, once you come out, it turns into this square, where, if I drop a piece of paper
my place is a mess, but on the plus side, you can't see it, but the diagonal across
from me is the coffee pot, the toaster oven, the air fryer, the popcorn machine, and the
microwave, and the fridge, so I'm good.
I love it, I love it, you know what, and you live in New York City, one of the most fabulous
places in the world, so you know what, it's awesome, but I bet it's great when you bring
the ladies over.
See, there's a reason why I got rid of the bed and put a futon in, I'm like, I get it.
They're all living in shoeboxes too, Rama.
Some of them, some of them, I'm just saying, I like to entertain my ladies, but I don't,
they understand I'm in a small shoebox, I just don't want them to get, well, you know,
like that's why I got rid of the bed, and put in a futon so it looks like a friggin'
couch.
Nice, hold on, I'm trying to see if I can, wait, how do I do this, how do I show you
my video?
Are you seeing our video?
I'm seeing your video.
Are you seeing me?
Yes, I see you, I see the Final Fantasy IX poster behind you, the Borderlands 2 poster
behind you.
I want you to see this guy, down here, I'm showing you Mr. Smoosh is like down on the
ground right here, so sorry, I can't change the whole camera setup right now, but anyway,
sorry, completely derailed the show to show off Mr. Smoosh to one individual, but worth
it, okay?
Alright, anyway, Rama, what do you want to talk to us about tonight?
I'm gonna cover that real quick, and I'm gonna tell you something geeky I just did.
In response to you, Mr. Smoosh being on camera from time to time, that gave Mako-chan the
best idea, so what we're doing when we go live, she is gonna position her camera on
our staff cat, Damian.
Perfect!
And they'll see how long he'll stay there, you know, but you'll hear him purring at least
80% of the time because he's a loud son of a bitch.
Genius, I love it, no, that's a fantastic idea, why not, why not?
And if the other, if the first cat leaves, that's just gonna have to be where Patty's
gonna have to be like, oh, I gotta get a second cat.
There is a second cat.
A third cat.
Don't give her any ideas!
I can't help it, I can't help it.
Oh, you are such a designated enabler, and I cannot wait till the two of you meet.
She is going to collect you like Pokemon!
Did you hear that, Mr. Smoosh?
You're inspiring others.
You're inspiring people, he's licking his paws, he doesn't give a shit what I'm telling
him.
Alright.
You didn't have anything gaming to ask us this week?
No, I wanted to share something pretty cool.
Now, I don't know if you've seen lately, if a lot of people are geeking out their Christmas
trees and stuff like that, I got friends who have Funko Pops on theirs, I actually got
off my lazy tuchus, did a live stream yesterday, and put together my geeky little tree, and
I'm going to see if I can get a little vision of it over here.
Which unfortunately is not going to come through on our own Twitch feed, but yes, I do see
a silvery tree with the giant ball ornaments that are very standard, and some Christmas
lights there.
I do see that coming through on this.
Yep, we sort of see the tree, yes.
And I'm slowly turning it, and if you look carefully, there is a Luigi ornament on the
tree.
Oh, there sure is.
How about that?
Yeah, so I wanted to share that off, but I also wanted to know, are y'all geeking up
your holiday trees this year?
I'm just curious about that.
So we didn't set up a tree this year because of the cat, actually, because the place where
we would usually set up the tree, Smush is not going to allow that to happen.
So he would knock that shit over so fast, it would make your head spin.
But when we do set it up, somebody got us an ornament set that actually has a Playstation
controller, a Nintendo controller.
I mean, they're not official, they kind of look like knockoffs, but they're close enough.
So little knockoff controller ornaments, and it's really cute and nerdy.
I like that, but I don't know if you've seen, but there's actually people who have posted
pictures of their Christmas trees where it's halfway decorated, and the rest is just bare
so the cat can't reach it, or they put up a clear plastic border around it where the
cat can't get past it.
I have seen that, and it's something to definitely consider for a future year.
But the thing is, we like to put it in the window so you can see our tiny little tree
from the street, but that is the exact spot where Mr. Smush goes every day.
That's his TV.
He goes to perch in the window and look at all the other cats that run out in the street
and wonder, why can't I be outside playing with them?
And it's like, you're not built for that, kitty.
Somebody wanted you to be a show kitty.
Oh, he just looked at me like, what do you mean?
Alright.
That's precious.
Alright, Rahm, I'm gonna let you go so we can wrap up, but thank you so much for the
call.
Hey, no problem.
I also had to represent my quote unquote ugly Christmas shirt.
Hey, I loved it.
It's Fra-gee-lay with the leg lamp for those obviously that can't see this call.
Love it.
Alright, take care, buddy.
Alright, take care.
Alright, bye bye.
Bye.
Alright, there you go.
That's gonna do it for our Skype line tonight.
I'm not gonna take any more calls on that for right now.
Let me see though, I wanted to see if there were any questions in chat, and then also
just check in one more time to see if there's any last minute stories.
I mean, I know it's been a very slow news week, but I also I've seen you prodding over
there, Loki, while I've been trying to look at all this stuff.
I'm just looking for something and not finding anything.
I am noticing in chat, they're talking about their own nerdy trees here is that let's see.
Black Mamba says I'm gonna get a doggy crate for my tree.
I think I saw a post on Facebook earlier that was something like, why aren't my presence
barking yet?
Let's see.
Brack the man says we have a regular tree and then a Harry Potter tree.
Well, that sounds like fun.
So very cool.
All right.
Well, I guess that's it.
I guess we're about to wrap things up and get to our final thoughts tonight.
We will not be back next week.
We're gonna take next week off the 30th for the holidays.
I know Loki has some family stuff going on.
Dark soccer will still be out.
So I may do something on my personal channel, but it won't be anything like OLR, but just
play a game with listeners or something.
Or I might, I might just take a night off myself and go out, do something I don't usually
get to do Sunday night.
So we'll see.
But I hope everybody has a wonderful Christmas for those that celebrate a fantastic new year
and anything else you might celebrate this time of year.
I hope it goes very, very well for you.
And we are so looking forward to continuing this in 2019.
You know, this last week and this week, these are the first two episodes on Twitch and now
it's like, you know, we get to do next next time, huh?
Get the audio in the intro.
That was my fault.
We get to open that.
Oh, the time capsule.
Yes.
Yeah.
We showed this on Twitch now, sorry, podcast listeners, but now we actually get to, you're
right.
This is something to look forward to.
Sorry.
You're gonna have to look at my behind a little bit there, but look, you can actually see
that we're going to open this guy in the new year.
That's our little Vader time capsule that we made and I'm trying not to show my butt
on stream or my, my naked rear end or something there.
So trying to move around carefully there.
There you go.
So that is something.
Yeah.
That Spyro says, Oh yeah.
Don't forget about the time capsule.
Dark to see.
Oh yeah.
Glad Loki remembered.
So good job.
So there it is.
You have the time capsule is, uh, gonna, gonna happen there.
So all right.
That's it.
We're going to wrap up here.
Another, uh, another day here at orange launch radio.
Thanks so much for tuning into the show and listening to us.
If you like what you heard here at orange laundry, no, please tell a friend or five
about this feed.
Please feel free to follow and all that stuff here on Twitch.
We're still making our way to a affiliate, hopefully soon, and we'll be able to do the
subscriptions and all that fun stuff as well.
Uh, loving the clips you guys, uh, made, don't clip that last thing, Jesus, uh, for the most
part, loving the clips you guys made and, uh, all the other stuff too.
This is great.
I'm loving Twitch and we're just going to build on it in 2019.
My whole goal is to improve one thing every show, and then, uh, we'll, we'll get it.
We'll get in a really good place, uh, you know, by the time mid 2019 rolls around, but
we definitely need, uh, to build up our following here.
So tell a friend or two about the show, a nice five star review on a place like iTunes
goes a long way as well.
For those of you that are still listening on the podcast feed, Hey, we're doing it for
you guys too.
And, uh, thanks for listening that way.
And we appreciate a nice review wherever you may, uh, consume your podcast.
So with that, uh, we're going to wrap up for the night with any final thoughts.
Uh, Loki, any final thoughts you have for us tonight?
I'm hoping to start streaming again, um, this next week.
I really been, it schedule's been just kind of crazy with just like stuff changing last
minute, like having to pick up kids and stuff and, um, you know, running out of time plus
fighting with my stupid goddamn DVD drive and reading my not so legit disc in the drive
to load different mixes on there.
So I may have to go back to extreme and just leave it there until I put step mania on the
machine, but I'm hoping to put step mania on the machine sooner than later, cause I
have all the parts and I just need the, I'm probably gonna build a PC tomorrow cause it's
pretty fast.
Um, and I got a little windows 10 on there, but I do want to get a, a, a custom theme
done for step mania.
So hopefully it won't take months to do, but we'll get some working because I want to do
a lot of fun stuff and step mania is really going to kind of energize me in the plane
more because it'll be not the same set of songs all the time.
It'll be like hundreds of songs to play.
So it'll be a lot of variety and fun stuff.
Awesome.
All right.
Um, my final thought is, um, looking forward to playing more Katamari and Rossi more stuff
in my backlog.
Yeah, I haven't really played like any ingress lately.
I've kind of like fallen off on that.
So hopefully get back on some of that stuff as well.
And um, yeah, I'm just, uh, I'm excited to, uh, do more gaming and streaming and focus
on a lot of that in 2019 and continue our relationship here on Twitch.
And thank you guys so much for joining us and listening to the show tonight.
Um, I think that's it.
We're gonna wrap it up.
We'll see you next year.
Everybody have a wonderful night and thanks again for checking us out here at orange lounge
radio.
Have a great week.
Happy gaming and good night.
Good night.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show.
Tune into vog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific 9 PM Eastern the views and opinions
expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge
radio or vog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
