While reading the news on big gaming websites, I had the all too often, please accept our
marketing cookies spiel.
The text says we use these cookies for advertising and may be shared, but then the media on the
page require tracking cookies be enabled.
This is deliberate misdirection from a deliberate choice, and it's a bad one.
Privacy principles exist for a reason, and sites that hide significant detail behind
some obnoxious agreement will fail faster.
This is my 20 seconds of activism.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to carry on with the
actual news starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, welcome back to another week of the show where
every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio Live once again tonight with episode number 834 for this August
the 30th of 2020.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'm joined here as I usually am via the magic of Discord by
DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hello.
Hi.
How are you doing?
I'm alright.
Yeah.
It's been quite a week.
Yeah.
It's been emotional and difficult.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
You know, and I think, you know, again, I know we talk about video games, but there's
a lot of other stuff that happens in the world too, and right at the top of last week's show,
we were kind of talking about the great loss that, you know, we were, you and I were feeling
with the drag community and the loss of Chi Chi Devane, right?
And now just, you know, days ago, we're getting this news about, you know, we lost Chadwick
Boseman, which was a shock to obviously a lot of people because, you know, he had kept
his illness and what he was battling for four years, a secret, which he had every right
to do, obviously, and, you know, obviously, but now it's like you go back and you look
at everything that he was doing with those movies and, you know, visiting the kids and
the hospitals and everything, and just the stuff he was doing for, you know, the black
community and, you know, the things he contributed to the Marvel universe and just everything
he was doing.
And he was battling that.
He was the embodiment of representation.
Mm-hmm.
I mean, and he was the embodiment of like a good person and just to lose that is horrible.
Not just as a black man, but also for invisible illnesses, because he did hide it very well.
Yeah.
There's a lot of us who are suffering.
I mean, the same thing actually a few years ago happened with Liz Slaton of Doctor Who.
She was Sarah Jane Smith.
But I mean, of course, you know, the representation issue is not the same, but I'm saying that
you shouldn't assume something about somebody because they appear to be able-bodied.
You know, if someone says, I have this issue, just believe them and act accordingly.
And he didn't even say anything.
So that was, I don't know.
Kelly Preston was another example of that as well.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Had passed away with battling cancer.
So just a big, hearty fuck cancer here at the top of the show.
And that's just such a tremendous loss.
I mean, I can't claim to be the person that's there every weekend when a new Marvel movie
opens.
But at the same time, I do see like how Chadwick Boseman was so important to so many people.
And it's just, this is a year.
This is a year.
I just, I don't know what else to say.
All right.
So the difficult transition to also say hello to Techmaster Loki.
How are you?
Hello.
I'm fine.
Say something funny.
We've got to try to change the tone a little bit before we get into games.
I know.
How about that animal crossing stream we did earlier this week?
That was a lot of fun.
Right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I wasn't, you know, I had built that whole thing.
It's like a Jamie and Rob show.
I didn't know you would be as into it as you were.
I didn't, uh, but it wasn't just you really.
It was, you know, Nelly was in the background.
You could hear her and your kid, one of your kids was there too.
Yes.
Yes.
The two that actually play the game.
We're kind of leading the tour.
That stream was a lot of fun though.
I'm glad we did it.
Um, if you don't know what we're talking about, uh, of course, uh, we do, well, we taped this
show orange launch radio live every week at the voice of geeks network, twitch.tv slash
a VOG network or VOG network Sunday nights at six o'clock Pacific nine o'clock Eastern,
right after the Bobby black Wolf show.
But sometimes we do some other things on the network and this was one of those experimental
things.
So Thursday night we did like a special live show.
Uh, and we, it was actually like two hours.
We spent playing animal crossing and just looking at all the creativity on your guys's
islands, uh, was, was really amazing.
Uh, dark soccer, your Island is, is so cool.
And um, thank you.
And Loki yours is too, especially when you consider how much your kid contributed to
that is, uh, you know, I kept joking like it's mostly Nelly.
All right.
Well, they said, don't, don't, don't sell the kids by the way.
Oh, you're welcome.
Yeah, no problem.
And thank you for the stuff.
Cause I got the posters and stuff afterwards.
Anyway, I forgot what I was supposed to some Loki though, or what Nelly wanted.
She wanted the fruit.
We got her all up on the fruit and then, um, I don't remember.
I know my son wanted like one of those like 3d wallpapers, either the space one or the
spaceship one.
I don't know how easy those are.
Um, those are actually know that some of them I can make, I can make some of them.
I think the star one is a Celeste pattern.
I think it is.
I have all of the Celeste patterns, so cool.
So anyway, my wife's yelling to me, Oh, it's the wife placed in an order.
Sorry.
It's so funny.
She wanted an omelet in the skillet.
Oh, all you need to do is make the skillet and customize it.
Oh yeah.
The mega skill and customize it.
Okay.
Yeah.
I have pizza in mine cause I have my pizza oven area.
Anyway, if you want to hear two hours of this, if you're an animal crossing fan, it
is in the archives.
Oh yeah.
We'll do it again.
It's in the archive.
And because this now we've shown all our islands.
Now we get to show other people's islands and that, so that'll be fun.
So anyway, to clarify act up, that's not my house that we showed off.
That was my wife's house.
My house is one single room and it has just a bunch of random garbage in there.
Cause I don't really play the game.
That was my wife's house with the interesting basement, which, which I don't think the kids
were supposed to see.
Anyway.
All right.
Uh, if you want to see that it is in the archives over at VOG network, uh, we're not going to
be putting it out as a podcast cause it just relies so heavily on video.
Um, so that is one of the getting, you could either watch it live when we did it, or if
you want to go back in the video archives, um, subscribers, uh, at VOG network over on
Twitch, get access to the complete video archive, which will, would include, um, the animal
crossing special and any future specials, uh, that we do as well.
And you can, uh, subscribe to VOG network using your free subscription that you get
with prime gaming, formerly known as Twitch prime.
You can use your free sub to subscribe right here at VOG network or, um, sub tempers coming
up.
And I think we have a story on it later in the show and it's going to make subscribing,
um, even, even cheaper if you want to do it that way.
We appreciate it.
You don't have to, uh, but that is how you can access the video archive, um, on Twitch
if you want to check that out.
All right.
So anyhow, let's get into some gaming news and, uh, kick off our show tonight with some
talk about gamescom because, uh, uh, that was a big event that happened this week, even
if it didn't happen in person.
Right.
Logie.
Yes.
So that was a pretty neat event.
They had like kind of their kickoff live stream with Jeff Keeley showing off a bunch of trailers
and talking about announcements and things.
So some of the stuff they showed off this year, a new trailer for the Jurassic world
evolution.
Now coming to the switch, um, there was a, I don't remember if there's much gameplay,
but there was a new trailer for call of duty, uh, black ops, cold war.
And that's going to be coming out in November 13th.
They showed the first game play of the upcoming expansion for doom eternal called the ancient
gods part one.
Um, they did a little tease for surgeon simulator two, which is out now, um, with, uh, doc Brown
in there for some reason, I'm not really sure.
Wait, wait, from like back to the future, doc Brown or back to the future.
Yes.
So I'm not really sure how that tied into it, but why not?
Why not?
But search and simulator is like a wacky game.
Like the title makes it sounds, Oh, flight simulator.
That's some serious business.
The search and simulator is wacky, even worse.
Yeah.
Going back to call of duty, is it just me or does it look like Robert Redford?
It does.
And I was looking, I seriously, I was like, is that Robert Redford?
Cause it it's down to the hair.
It's absolutely Robert Redford.
And I wouldn't be surprised if that's Robert Redford playing that part, but that's why
I kept seeing the trailer.
I was like, that is that Robert Redford?
I even like, I actually pulled up a picture of him to, to make sure I'm like, Oh, maybe
they use like hyper realistic license likenesses in those games.
That's the same game that all the Ronald Reagan stuff that's showing up on Twitter is from,
right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And yeah.
And other celebrities in the past that may not have Greece, um, history also in those
games.
Um, but yeah, it definitely looks like Robert Redford.
I would not be surprised if it's Robert Redford, they didn't.
I would think that that was something that, um, if that was him, that they would kind
of call that out being like, you know, Hey, we've got Robert Redford in this.
Um, but cause, you know, gamers love Robert Redford.
I know if we, if we were to pull our chat and ask like top three celebrities, go heaven
spacey because that was a thing.
So yeah, but look at, look at what we had for death stranding, you know, going back
to our, our, uh, you know, seventies and eighties famous actors, you know, true.
And contemporary cause you know, obviously walking dead is huge.
Yeah.
But yeah.
Uh, search and see me later too, though.
It looks like a lot of fun.
It's co-op this time and there's a lot of like running around and doing things and severing
arms and stuff to like get to other rooms and things.
It looks really crazy.
So it, that'll be fun too.
That's not VR, but, um, soon probably at some point, uh, they showed some behind the scenes
of the new dragon age game, uh, is really just a bunch of like concept art.
So I have no idea what the heck this game is going to look like, but it's already out
Why don't you defer to Jamie?
There's a new salmon max VR game that they've, uh, were teasing.
So I'm all about that.
Um, as you can see by my background, um, they did a trailer for the new world of Warcraft
expansion shadow lands, which looks like world of Warcraft.
Yeah.
Not, uh, not really a fan of that series, so I'm sure it's important to somebody, um,
they talked a little bit about crash four with some of the gameplay elements for that.
They shut off a trailer for little nightmares two, which looks pretty darn creepy.
Um, showed a little bit more of the VR gameplay from star Wars squadrons.
Uh, they have a star Wars themed expansion for the Sims four.
That looks pretty cool.
Did you watch the trailer?
I missed the trailer for that one.
Unfortunately, it might be enough to get me back into Sims four.
It looked pretty cool.
Uh, they showed off a new trailer for mafia, the definitive edition, which looks pretty
cool.
I'd never played the original games, but I heard they're pretty good.
Um, Lego star Wars, the Skywalker saga, um, which looks pretty nice.
I have never really played the Lego star Wars games, but I played all the other ones, so
why not?
Uh, they show fall guy season two, kind of a sneak peek of what the new courses are.
Um, they have a little bit of a, a little bit of a, a little bit of a, a, a, a, a, a
season two kind of a sneak peek of what the new courses and, uh, themes are going to be.
It's all medieval themes.
So they have new costumes and courses based around that, uh, new VR medal of honor game
from respawn, a medal of honor above and beyond, which looks pretty cool.
Uh, um, destiny beyond light.
I mean, I'm surprised that does seem to still going, uh, well, it's, it's making that huge
shift to free to play.
Um, and there's other big shifts that are coming with the game.
I, well, I already own it.
I mean, so like the free to play doesn't really change things, but I am kind of curious to
check it out again.
I know the free to play transitions have been somewhat controversial, like the archiving
of the old contents, a little weird.
I am curious to check out the game again in its current state.
I do.
There's, you know, I don't play a lot of shooters, but I did enjoy destiny, you know, and what's,
what's interesting.
Do you guys remember, um, pre pandemic and it was probably January of 2019, um, here
at OLR studios, we had all the, um, the women of ingress, the mobile phone game I played,
maybe it was 2018.
It was a while ago.
We had, we had all those gals here in studio, right.
That I'll play ingress mobile.
Okay.
Like a ton of them now play destiny.
Well, they still play ingress, but they play destiny too.
And they've been trying to get me to play with them except they play destiny too on
X-Box and I'll have it on X-Box.
Well, can't you play cross-play though with like other systems, like the very least the
PC version?
I think there is that, but we have the game pass version coming out soon anyway.
So that's what I'm going to just wait for is when destiny two's on game pass and then
I can play with them and they can carry me cause they're probably all super high levels
and stuff.
So I just thought it was interesting that destiny two was the game they all got sucked
into in their spare time.
Yeah.
Some other neat trailers that they had, they showed off a new trailer for 12 minutes, which
was that kind of I don't even know how to describe it.
It's like a weird, like a drama type game where you're going to be attacked or something
by some intruders, but they've got a lot of, it's like a time loop game, but they've got
a really cool cast in it.
So Daisy Ridley, James McAvoy and William Defoe.
So awesome.
That looks cool.
And then they showed off some new trailers for Outriders, which looks interesting Spellbreak,
Age of Empires three, definitive edition, Godfall, which the more they show that I just
really don't care WWE battlegrounds.
Why would the big head mode, like, like you can do an arcade game, like NBA Jam or something
like that without everybody having giant heads.
It looks weird.
Um, so yeah, that was pretty much it.
So what did you think overall of it?
I don't know, it was nothing like huge and exciting.
There's like, I mean, there was some like interesting announcements, but it wasn't like
blowing my, you know, blowing me away.
It was just kind of like, oh yeah, you know, cool VR, Sam, Max, and the rest I could just
kind of do without, I mean, I don't know.
Um, I'm just like, whatever for VR.
I was a little excited to see some of the prelims for Dragon Age four, but that's really
about it for me.
It's very good.
Like underwhelming.
I think they didn't really have like some really huge announcements.
I'm assuming that a lot of the, um, whereas we would have gotten probably a lot more announcements
from the big three, um, during one of these types of events, but being that we're in like
pandemic mode here, that everybody who's been doing their own like digital events and they've
been announcing everything there.
So I think this is kind of like the leftover scraps, which is fine because there's a lot
of like other companies that can, you know, show off their games that might not necessarily,
you know, be highlighted in one of those, um, it was okay.
I guess I, they, I know they were streaming like for three days, like showing different
things, but I didn't catch any of the other footage.
So like, I couldn't tell you if there's any, I don't think there was any other announcements,
but I don't know.
It is what it is.
Um, yeah.
I mean, it was, it was a little, I, it was both kind of like a bad thing and a good thing
that like there was nothing like Sony or Microsoft, like kind of first party in those because
obviously they want to do their own things.
And both those companies are probably feeling the pressure of, they're going to have to
announce that date and price pretty darn soon here.
Or I don't already do them pre-orders I mean, or they're starting pre-orders in these systems
already.
So it's like, well, well, if you're talking about the Sony thing, cause that's like a,
it's a pre pre-order cause cause pre-orders aren't enough anymore.
Low key.
No, no, no, no, no.
In the year 2020 we have pre pre-orders, which you, which literally is you're entering a
raffle to get the opportunity to pre-order a PlayStation five.
You know, as, as much as I'm being a SAS master on this whole thing, I actually kind of get
it because I think what they're doing is really trying to go the extra mile to prevent scalper
burrs.
And from that viewpoint, I'm actually very appreciative.
So hype is what I'm thinking they're trying to do.
Like, I don't think it's scalpers necessarily.
It could be part that, but it, what, what it is having that effect that it's going to
be a lot harder for scalpers to get them.
And for that I'm thankful, um, bar none, but yeah, it's kind of like, where is the fricking
price and date?
Now we're starting to get into that whole, okay, we we've been giving them plenty of
time, but times like if these things are releasing in November.
Well, we got a bunch of people, the, so the rumor is, um, just making sure we don't have
said rumor in our story.
Uh, so the rumor is that they're going to start pre-orders on the PlayStation, uh, five
on September 9th, because it's the anniversary of the original PlayStation is the rumor.
So I guess we only have a, you know, a couple more weeks to see if that's true or not.
Yeah.
By the time OLR is back, uh, because we will be, we won't be here next week.
We'll talk a little more about that in a minute.
Um, but it'll be after September 9th.
So I got to see the price too, like, cause, cause you know, there's people, I mean, obviously
there's nothing really substantiated yet, but like, there's like talk that some of these
systems are going to be over a thousand dollars, like, nope, um, not happening.
She-Hulk 10 in chat, uh, says delayed 2021 COVID.
You know, you're certainly not the first to say that.
And I think there was a big Kotaku article that was written up on the subject about,
you know, what should, should they just wait till next year at this point?
And I know, and I should have just invited him back to sit with us again, uh, on the
show.
But, uh, my buddy Delvin, VGRealness had brought this up in one of our chats is that I just
like just fucking delay them to next year already.
Like this, this year is, is shit.
Just let it go down the drain and let's just try to focus on making next year bigger.
And that would include the consoles, just put them out next year at this point.
Um, and I, I have to kind of admit points were made.
Like, I, I don't know if I'm super into, like, I need to have these consoles this year.
When this year started, I definitely thought that, but just with everything that we've
all been through this year, I'm kind of at the point where I'm like, I kind of think
I'm only going to end up getting one or the other this year and I'm going to wait till
next year.
Which is fine too.
Who has the best launch games because, you know, that's really what it comes down to.
And now, you know, other rumors out there about other enhancements coming, um, you know,
maybe I get one of those so I can actually have a console to play on.
Yeah.
My family isn't monopolizing, but, um, yeah, I don't know.
I was, uh, both are kind of expensive like right now I think, but because I'm not taking
my family out every weekend, I can kind of afford to announce, I guess it'd be fine.
Let me, let me, let me ask an impromptu question of our chat room because we are the show where
every gamer has a voice.
I want to hear specifically your guys' voices on this.
What would be your reaction if next week it hits the media, Sony and Microsoft, both just
coincidentally back to back, same day, whatever they both announce, um, due to the pandemic,
due to, you know, whatever they say, we're going to push back these releases 2021.
We're going to push back the release of both these systems to let's say March, 2021.
They're going to try to still squeeze in the same fiscal year.
How would you feel?
Just kind of throwing that out there.
I'm really curious to hear how the chatters might feel.
Would you be relieved?
Cause it's like, Oh, I've got more time to, would you feel, would you feel a little sad
because you were really hoping like, Oh, I kind of need, I needed something to look forward
to during all this and now it's being delayed.
Like I'm really curious.
Um, okay.
So looking in chat, you guys are quick, uh, she Hulk says sad, but better to do it right
than fast and broken.
Insert that famous line about a good game is, or a bad game is bad forever and that
whole thing.
Right?
Uh, Bobby Blackwell says, I'd be fine.
As join her.
Matt says, I'd be fine.
Pixel pocket says, I wouldn't mind.
Did your MS says, doesn't bother me.
So I'm here, you know, that's only five people in chat, but still I'm hearing a resounding
kind of seems to be the verdict, you know, that's all I need is cyberpunk.
So it's all good.
But cyberpunk is going to be on the current Jen.
So it doesn't like that's also going to be on the other one and I'm getting on PC.
So, you know, it's fine.
I have that.
I have that regardless of, um, whatever they put out.
So the rest is gravy, I guess Bobby Blackwell says, don't you dare delay
a Nintendo direct one minute longer.
I'm glad someone went against the grain here fifth dream says, I'd be mad.
My job is tenuous right now.
Ironically, I will have it probably until COVID is over.
So I need them now.
So I can buy PlayStation five before my job poofs, LOL.
So maybe one of those, like it actually works out in my budget and everybody's financial
situation is different, but it works better for me to budget the money to get it now,
as opposed to budgeting the money to get it later, which isn't one you hear often.
But again, your financial situation, not mine, everybody's is different.
So anyway, thank you for indulging me there with the question there, because I'm just
kind of curious, I'm kind of curious if that would be, you know, our listener is one subset
of gamers.
I'm kind of curious what the general reaction on Twitter would be if that that and social
media, I mean, Twitter to represent all social media with the representation would be if
they announced that because I feel like there are a lot of people that would be like, oh,
this sucks.
But at the same time, I also kind of feel like that might be the easy comment to make.
But there would be a lot of people that would just be like, yeah, tell me something else.
Right.
Hell, we already if I did slip my mind while I was going over this, but we've already had
one console slip their launch into 2021 and television amico.
I realize that probably isn't on people's radar in the same way that PS5 and Xbox Series
X are, but some people are looking forward to that.
It's a different audience.
And that slipped to next year.
And I think, you know, I'm somebody that preordered an Intellivision and I was also one of the
people that went, eh, am I surprised?
Not really.
Sad, but understandable.
And that's that.
So.
All right.
Anyhow.
Um.
Let's see.
DJ Rama says not to sound like a downer, but let me be real with you, 2020 kind of broke
me mentally.
So if the next gen consoles were canceled, I'd be a bit upset about it only because I
understand why that bit would have been me really wanting it.
No, I totally get it.
I totally get it.
And I'm sorry to hear about that, but I mean, like the good news for this earth and I hope
this doesn't sound like I'm trying to lessen what you said because I'm absolutely not doing
that.
But a lot of us are feeling like what else is going to happen in 2020.
So vent, my friend, because you are in good company.
I guess that's kind of my point.
Anyhow.
Bobby Blackwell says the Commodore 64 releases in November.
The full sized version of that releases in November.
That's your new console for 2020.
And Pod Culture says, I wish Amazon would restock the TurboGrafx-16 mini.
I didn't realize that was running low.
I mean, that's just because I got one early, but.
So one funny thing, though, like I recently picked up a Nest Mini because Nintendo selling
the refurbished ones for less than what they were retailing for before.
So you don't have to buy them at scalper prices and they're in stock.
Hmm.
OK, that's good.
We don't like scalpers.
$49.99.
All right.
All right.
Well, I think that's all I'll say about Gamescom for now.
It was, you know, it's nice to get some updates and especially, you know, even if the big
players weren't there, there's a lot of other companies that make games work.
So it was cool to get some updates from them.
So.
All right.
Let's move on to our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we have been playing
this week.
Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
A little bit uneventful.
I was playing Animal Crossing and wordscapes.
Wordscapes is I actually because I believe it or not, I beat the other word game that
I was playing.
All fifteen hundred levels of it.
So wordscapes is a little bit harder.
It's got a bigger dictionary to it, so I'm enjoying it a bit more.
I'm also playing words with friends.
I really have just been I have so much going on because I had a doctor's visit and I had
to get my eyes checked and I had so much going on this last week.
Also next week is my anniversary.
So Dan and I have been married for 15 years.
So we're probably going to, you know, just stay and play classic games all day and eat
sushi.
We'll see.
Well, congratulations on that landmark.
It's a big number.
Thank you.
We were supposed to be in New Orleans.
I know.
Oops.
But 2020.
Yeah.
Yeah, whatever.
Whoopty shit.
2020.
All right.
Well, that's it for your gaming week.
Let's talk to Loki.
How was your gaming week?
So my gaming week was pretty uneventful.
I played a few things, a little bit of Animal Crossing because of the live stream.
I played a little bit of Zelda Breath of the Wild because my son kept wanting me to help
him with different things.
And the rest was just kind of messing around with game dev stuff, not really getting very
far.
Yeah.
I saw that little screenshot on your Twitter.
What was that all about?
Yeah.
That was just without context.
Sorry.
Okay.
All right.
It's going to be like that.
All right.
All right.
Let me talk about my gaming week.
So I've been playing a lot of the same old stuff.
Final Fantasy 14.
Y'all saw the Animal Crossing thing earlier this week.
I've also been playing Pokemon Go, but I'll talk a little more about that with one of
our news items coming up later.
And I played some other stuff too.
So speaking of Pokemon, I actually, since I still use the Poke Ball Plus and with Pokemon
Shield, Sword and Shield of course, but I have Shield.
So with Pokemon Shield, you can transfer a Pokemon into the ball, although you're not
really like, you're not losing it from your party or anything.
You put a Pokemon in your Poke Ball Plus and then you can go out and catch Pokemon with
it and you get rewards in the main game.
Well, I had put some Pokemon in there like a month ago and I'd been playing Pokemon Go
like Go Fest, Community Day, all this stuff.
And I finally synced my Pokemon back over to Pokemon Shield.
Apparently I had collected about 10,000 Pokemon in the time.
That's how long it had been since I had loaded the, whoops, loaded the file back over.
So when it gave me rewards, it gave me 97 rare candy.
If you don't know what a rare candy does, you instantly gain one level on your Pokemon.
So if you're catching Pokemon at level 60, you give it 39 candy and it's level 99.
You know, so it's like, that was a lot of rare candy.
I got 97 rare candies.
So anyway, long story short, I decided maybe I need to like pick up Pokemon Shield again
because I beat the game.
I beat it when it came out, which, you know, again, I'd never beaten a mainline Pokemon
game before.
But I didn't get through the post game because every Pokemon game has the, after you become
the champion and beat the Elite Four or whatever the game's equivalent is, now you have to
go catch the legendary from the box art.
And so that's what I did.
And earlier today, or maybe it was yet, no, it was earlier today, I beat the end game
component of Pokemon Shield and caught my Zamzata.
So hooray.
So I did that.
So now I'm ready maybe for the DLC, but I kind of need to flesh out my Pokedex still,
I think.
But that was fun to revisit Pokemon Shield because I hadn't played it in literally months.
It's still a great Pokemon game.
And then another new game, let's shift gears a little bit here because this is a big change.
So I picked this one up on a PlayStation sale and it was one of those games that I've heard
a lot about.
And I think from some of you guys in chat have actually been kind of nudging me towards
this game.
So I picked up a game on the recent PlayStation sale called Telling Lies is the name of the
game.
So Telling Lies is from the same creators and like creative minds behind Her Story,
which was out like three or four years ago.
And a lot of the game is based in full motion video.
In fact, I almost feel a little weird calling this a game at the end of the day.
It's a game.
Don't get me wrong.
You know, because some people try to dismiss walking simulators, something like Dearest.
Was that like a Dearest?
Was that the game that yeah.
Some people try to write that off.
What was it?
Something about the rapture.
Yeah.
Oh, everybody's gone to the rapture.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Some people try to write off those walking simulators as not games.
They're games.
Those are beautiful.
But I would say that Telling Lies was a little more adjacent to like the Bandersnatch episode
of Black Mirror on Netflix and that kind of game where it's not so much like push X as
fast as you can or solve this puzzle, but it's kind of like a different way of exploring
a story.
And I really enjoyed it.
I really enjoyed it.
But the biggest like.
So let me talk about the strings, because there's a lot of strings.
I want to if I want to get in the negative, I'm going to make it sound like, oh, my God,
I'm slamming on this game.
I'm really not.
The positives are the acting performances in this game are really good.
There's four main characters in the game.
There's one man and three women.
And one of the women looked really familiar to me.
I think she's Storm now in the X-Men series.
He's in this and the guy didn't look familiar to me at all, but he is really good in this
game.
And in fact, all the all the acting is is really top notch, because what's interesting,
this game probably could have been made in the 90s when full motion video games like
Night Trap were getting started.
But like the production value and the acting and a lot of those early games were not great.
Right.
But now in this like this is like you're watching a Netflix show, but you're also like participating
in.
So here's the mechanic.
Basically, you're playing like a character that is watching surveillance footage and
you're going through surveillance footage and the game starts so that the very first
thing you search for is the word love.
So you will get the first five video clips because search limits are maxed at five that
have the word love in them and you watch the clip and then maybe the character will
say something and you're like, I want to know more about that.
Maybe.
OK, so this character just mentioned somebody named Ava.
Who's Ava?
I'm going to search for Ava.
Now I'll get five conversations where Ava is mentioned first word chronologically.
And that is basically the game.
You're choosing a path based on what you want to hear more about.
And it gets very clever because there are lots of different things you could be exploring.
There are several storylines embedded in the game.
And it's actually just what it must have taken to write a game like this is really brilliant.
And so I absolutely think it's something worth your time.
Jamie, I think you'd like this.
I don't know why, but I just think like this is the type of thing I think maybe because
it is just so much like a narrative and so like story driven where you're not like, there's
not like a lot of pressure on you to do like, I just feel like it's something you might
really enjoy to.
So I'll be sure to check it out, just link me so I don't forget.
Yeah, no worries.
So I'm curious if any of you in chat have played it telling lies.
OK, so let me tell you the one negative I have, because it is something that is presented
on the PlayStation four.
This game is also out on PC.
It was out there first.
And those computing platforms, I believe it's on mobile phone, iOS, Android.
It was there last year as well.
It just came out for PS4, Switch, maybe Xbox, probably Xbox.
It just came out.
I think I'm going to be getting it on Steam.
Yeah, it just came out on all of that a couple like weeks ago.
So or no, it's actually a couple of months ago.
Anyway, my biggest problem was my game brain took over.
And my game brain said, there's a clock up here and this clock is advancing.
It's getting later.
I only have so much time to get through all this stuff.
So I was too tempted to fast forward clips and not really watch them and just scan for
the language in the clips.
And I think I robbed myself of an experience by doing that.
So I want to make, I'm going to tell you one kind of spoilery thing, but I'm telling you
this.
I'm going to intentionally say this because trust me, this is something you're going to
want to know.
You can't lose the game.
That's the spoiler.
You can't lose.
Now that you know that, you cannot make the same mistake I did and turn your game brain
off and enjoy the story for what it is.
And I think you'll have a better experience.
So that's my one criticism with as brilliant as this game is, I wish it almost hadn't been
presented like the game it was because it made me think I got to get through this faster.
It's going to be game over.
And that's totally not the case with this at all.
So, all right.
Let's see comments and chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network.
Hi, Stella, Chad starts in chat talking about walking Sims.
I don't think I've played a walking Sim that hasn't been fantastic.
No, true.
Like they're all really good.
Fifth dream says, is this the game with Angeles seraphian and I hope I said the right in it.
I admit I bought the game just for her.
I'm sorry.
I don't know who their names.
I don't know the actors and actresses names, but they are really good.
Chad is confirming.
Yes.
Fifth dream says yes.
It's a bit crazy, but it's a cool concept.
She hope says yes.
And I like it so far.
And Bobby black of confirming.
Yes.
It's on Xbox one.
So anyway, that was my experience with telling lies.
I really liked it.
I just, I think the story is so smart in this context that they had to think of all these
different ways that you could navigate it.
I just it's, it's really impressive anyway.
So I give a big thumbs up to telling lies.
I'm curious to see what else we get that might be like this.
Not that I want every game to copy this format, but I love the idea of, so, so I mentioned
like, okay, it's not like a game.
Like you might think most games are with like action elements and push X to not die and
things like that.
Like it isn't a game like that, but we've had these things lately, like the band or
snatch episode of, uh, uh, black mirror.
We've had this now.
And of course her story before that.
And we've had other things that are more like, it's almost like it's less of a game and more
of a interactive storytelling, a new medium to tell using gamification to tell store,
tell your story.
I'd say that's what it really is.
It's gamification to tell a story.
And I think it's really neat.
And I'm, I'm so curious to see what else comes of it because yeah, I loved telling lies.
So there you go.
Buzz Buster says technology is finally caught up with what CD-ROMs attempted to do in the
nineties.
Right?
Honestly, there's no reason this game could not have existed in the late nineties except
for, I think they say there's like, they shot hundreds of hours of footage for the game
and there's, I think at least 10 hours in it.
And that would be the one thing that would prevent it from existing in 1990 is storage
mediums.
You wouldn't let CD-ROMs could hold how much, how much video could a CD-ROM hold?
Like 34 minutes, something like that.
It wasn't a lot.
So that's, that's the one thing.
So, all right.
Anyhow, that's my gaming week.
Sorry.
I talked a lot about that game, but that happens sometimes.
All right.
Let's get into some other news.
Oh wait, before we do that, let me do some quick housekeeping actually.
So we will not be here live next week.
We will not be here live with Orange El Dorado next week because it is Labor Day.
Well, it's also, it's also Labor Day weekend.
We haven't done a show over Labor Day weekend for the past eight years.
Normally that's because I'm not here.
I'm at Dragon Con.
And that's only partially true this year.
Obviously with the pandemic, I'm not flying out to Atlanta to go to Dragon Con in person
because they're not having Dragon Con in person this year.
They're having it virtually.
So I'm going to be participating with the virtual Dragon Con event.
And I want to invite you guys to participate along because you can actually, you don't
have to have a ticket to do a lot of the Dragon Con stuff this year.
They actually are running three different feeds on, the official con is hosting feeds
on Vimeo or I think there's an app available on Roku if you use that.
And you can watch several different Dragon Con dedicated channels all weekend.
And that's pretty cool.
But also some of the different fan tracks.
So what makes Dragon Con unique is that it's like, it's almost like 20 different fan conventions
happening all at once.
And that's what makes it really cool.
So one of the tracks that I've participated with for years and years, back since it was
called the podcasting track, is the digital media track because now it's not just podcasting
but Twitch, YouTube, and all the other ways that people create content.
They're going to be streaming their panels all weekend long on Twitch.
It's going to be virtual panels.
So you'll want to check out DC Digital Media on Twitch.
Or we'll be hosting it here at VOG Network, of course.
So you can just come to the usual place and you'll see it there too.
I'm going to be participating in three different panels over the weekend.
Friday at 7 Pacific, 10 Eastern, I'm going to be on a panel about networking and building
a podcast network and why should you join a podcast network?
Or why might you not want to join a podcast network?
Because there's some cons as well.
So we're going to talk a little bit about that and some things I've learned from my
different experience of the three different networks I've been with over the years.
So we'll talk about that at 7 Pacific, 10 Eastern on Friday.
On September 5th, video didn't kill the radio star.
Bobby Black Wolf, myself, I believe we got Rochelle from formerly of Electric Sisterhood,
but now the show Black Compat is going to be joining us.
This is great because usually we don't get her at Dragon Con, but thanks to everything
being virtual, she's going to join us for this.
I'm really excited about that.
And I believe Bill Run, Jump, Stomp is going to be joining us for that panel as well.
And I hope I'm not forgetting anyone, Bobby, I think it's just the four of us, but I might
be leaving somebody out unintentionally.
But we are going to be talking about taking your podcast in an audio format and taking
it to video, which is something we all have experience doing.
So we're going to talk a little bit about that and very excited for that panel.
We did it last year and it was, we were kind of surprised at how many people showed up.
So it was really cool.
So we're going to do it again this year in a virtual format, so that's really exciting.
So stay tuned for that on September 5th.
And then September 6th at Sunday at 5 o'clock Pacific, 8 o'clock Eastern, I'm going to be
doing a panel called Educating and Entertaining Online.
And it's basically a panel of educators and talking about making that conversion to online
in this whole pandemic.
Teachers really went through it.
And a lot of us though, were able to use some of our knowledge we've gotten from broadcasting
to be able to kind of help that.
So we're going to talk a little bit about that.
It might be like, Rob, why are you on that panel?
Believe it or not, my day job, I'm not a high school teacher or an elementary school teacher.
Other people on the panel are.
I create training in a corporate environment is the short story of what I do that actually
pays my bills.
So I do have experience in teaching of a different sort in a corporate environment.
So I'll be lending that perspective to the panel.
So that is all on Sunday, 5 o'clock Pacific, 8 o'clock Eastern.
And that is all, of course, on Twitch.
So we will not be here with Orange Lounge Radio while Virtual Dragon Con is going on.
And it's just a long weekend.
And we imagine many of you are going to be doing things, although of course, don't forget,
there's a pandemic going on.
So if you are out doing things, wear the mask, social distance, y'all know the drill.
But I imagine there's still a lot of people that are going to go to a beach or go camping
or do some of the outdoorsy things that have become very popular this year in light of
the pandemic.
So have fun, but be safe, of course.
So all right.
That's it for my gaming week.
So let's move on and get into some gaming news for tonight.
So Loki, why don't you start us off?
All right.
So let's talk about more, more wrap ups of different digital events.
So Nintendo did another one of their directs with our direct mini, I should say, that was
covering our partners or their partner showcase.
So it's all the third party games.
So some of the stuff they showed off their Kingdom Hearts, Melody of Memory, which is
coming November 13th, they're going to have an eight player free for all local co-op mode,
which is kind of cool.
They showed off some new tracks and artists for Fuser, which is pretty exciting.
I can't wait to play that.
Taeko no Tatujin, Rhythmic Adventure 1 and Rhythmic Adventure 2 coming this winter as
a combo pack.
Apparently World of Tanks Blitz is coming to the Switch as well, or is on the Switch
now.
They have a collection of the saga, Final Fantasy Legend.
It's going to be bringing Game Boy classic versions of those.
I guess it's December, Just Dance 2021.
And this is the first version that is not going to be on the Wii.
So that was a long run, but that trend is over, unfortunately.
So now it's on the Switch.
That's coming out November 12th, Puyo Tetris II is going to be expanding with some new
modes in December 8th.
That's kind of a surprise.
I'm kind of surprised Puyo Tetris is, I'll go back through some of these when you finish
the recap.
Sorry.
Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles Remastered Editions coming, or already came out, I guess.
So that was earlier this week.
And then they talked a little bit about the Minecraft Dungeons Winter DLC, which is coming
next month.
Yeah, and it's more expansions for other games like Captain Tsubasa and Jump Force Luxe Edition.
Gotcha.
So focusing on a couple of those announcements, well, there was a lot of music game announcements.
Did you notice that?
Obviously as a longtime music game fan, I was like, wow, there's like all these music
games showing up.
The Kingdom Hearts, Melody of Memory, which essentially is Kingdom Hearts' theater rhythm.
I'm not sure how I feel about that game.
I want to get it because I love theater rhythm, but I'm worried it's going to be like, did
they tell us the price?
They didn't tell us the price, did they?
I'm worried it's going to be too much money and the music isn't going to be worth it.
I'm not sure the Kingdom Hearts franchise has music.
Yes, there are some songs, I know everybody's going to say, but what about Utada and that
stuff?
Yeah, there's some great songs, but I just don't know if there's a whole game's worth.
There were all the songs from the Under the Sea level from the Little Mermaid stuff.
We had to sing all the songs with it.
There were all, I mean, the soundtracks for them actually were really amazing.
I would anticipate that just about any of those levels that had special music for them
would have been incorporated quite a bit.
And Let It Go was in the trailer, so I'm sure there's a strong Disney present.
Yes, I wince too, but that indicates there is a strong Disney presence.
That's not necessarily what I'm referring to as well.
I mean, the music in the game itself is fairly memorable.
If Amazon is to be believed, it's $60.
See, that might be a bit high for me.
I might wait for a sale.
We'll see.
I'll wait and see what the reaction is when the game comes out.
But I am a little more excited about Fusor.
I did like Drop Mix, so that was cool to see.
And I thought the Taiko game looked really cute too.
And I think that game already exists in Japan, if I'm not mistaken.
So it's kind of cool that we're getting it packaged as a combo here, getting to check that out.
So that's cool.
And then of course Just Dance, you know, it's kind of a standard at this point.
But that was four music game updates in a Nintendo Direct, so that was pretty cool.
Then I was talking about Puyo Puyo Tetris 2 coming out of nowhere.
That really surprised me because I kind of thought that conversation with Tetris had shifted to Tetris Effect, obviously.
And then on the Nintendo side, Tetris 99.
And I kind of thought Puyo Puyo Tetris would be a one-off.
And that's not me saying anything negative.
I enjoyed it.
I thought it was fun.
I'm just surprised that they felt the need to do a sequel.
But maybe the first one sold much better than expected.
How many different systems was it on?
It was on quite a few.
It was.
It wasn't quite a few.
Now, of course, I kind of giggle when they talk about, oh, the story.
There's an all-new story.
I'm like, what story?
They don't play those games for the story.
But okay.
But I think it's cool.
And Dark Soccer, you're a fan of that game, too.
So is the news of a sequel kind of surprised you, or are you pumped for that?
I'm vaguely indifferent about it right now.
Just because I'm actually kind of going back to playing a few different puzzle games as
much as I love Puyo Puyo, I did not really enjoy it combined with Tetris.
Fair enough.
If I'm going to play Puyo Puyo, it's going to be Puyo Puyo.
Bobby Blackwolf is confirming that this new game will be multi-platform as well.
So cool.
All right.
Well, let's move on and talk a little bit about some changes to Pokemon Go.
Pokemon Go, of course, is a game that I spent a little bit of my spare time playing.
And I know a lot of you do as well.
And Pokemon Go finally brought Mega Evolutions to the game this week.
I say finally, but I mean, when the game first launched, I would have never expected that
these would make their way into the game.
But they are here now.
They've launched Mega Evolutions of Venusaur, Charizard, there's two, X and Y, Blastoise,
and Beedrill.
There's a quest line in the game that will get you the energy to do Beedrill.
And then you can Mega Evolve the others by doing a lot of raids.
They introduced this currency called Mega Energy into the game.
And you get Mega Energy when you do raids.
But long story short, I don't think the raids are worth the bang for the buck.
You have to do like at least, like you have to be good and do four of these raids.
You're probably going to have to do more of like five or six Venusaur raids, just that,
to get enough energy to Mega Evolve Venusaur one time for four hours.
After that, the cost of it will go down to Mega Evolve it.
It's still kind of like one of those, what's the reason to do it besides a short little
boost in gym battles and to be a completionist in the Pokédex?
And I think the prospect four years into the game to catch a Venusaur, which is an evolution
of one of the first Pokémon that was in the game, like six times from a raid.
I just don't see the incentive there.
So Niantic needs to rework this system.
Now the good news is a lot of people have expressed their concerns, to put it that way.
And Niantic has responded.
They responded on Reddit and they wrote a tweet that's basically like, we hear your
concerns about Mega Evolutions and we're looking into what we can do.
So that doesn't mean it's going to change tomorrow.
But it's nice to hear that they recognize there's an issue and they need to look at
it.
Me personally, I would fix it by not having Mega Energy be per species.
That is silly.
Just have it be out of one bank, Mega Energy.
And you should be able to get Mega Energy from other things as well.
You should be able to get Mega Energy from doing quests, Mega Energy from hatching eggs,
and doing other things besides just the raiding.
I think even if it's just a little bit, I think it would make it a little more exciting.
And so that's, yeah, that's my concern with the Mega Raid.
ActDeftInChat says, Megas are here and most people are not liking it with good reason.
Yeah, four at the minimum, but most likely it'll be at least five.
My gripe with this is, what are Megas good for right now?
They're almost useless.
That's another good point.
You transform them for four hours.
I did do a Mega Raid where somebody brought, we were fighting a Venusaur, so somebody brought
a boosted or Mega Charizard into the fight.
And what happens is that the Charizard, just being there, boosts everybody's fire attacks.
So it makes it that you need less people to get it down or you get it down faster.
So that is the perk at the end of the day.
And I imagine for those that really like to solo raids, it'll probably make getting some
of those three stars a lot more solo-able if you use them.
Shane in chat over twitch.tv slash vog network says, I cannot get into the way they've done
mega evolution.
I've kind of stopped playing the game because it just sits so wrong with me.
I don't know if I would write off the whole game because of it, because like, for example,
I don't care for the battle league.
I want nothing to do with it.
I don't like that there's rewards tied to it, but I just don't play it.
The one nice thing about Go is that there's a lot of other things you can do.
You can still go out and catch Pokemon.
You can look for shinies.
You can hatch eggs.
You can try to take gyms.
You can explore new gyms.
I still feel like there's a lot of other stuff to do in the game, but I think the weekly events
that they were doing, like the Enigma week and the Unova week and some of that stuff,
that stuff was way more exciting than mega evolutions have been.
So hopefully Niantic takes a chance to re-examine this whole thing because I'm not super into it.
But at least there's other stuff that makes it interesting.
There is that.
All right.
Well, let's move on.
We're going to go to our next story from DarkSakura, and you guys will have to excuse me.
I'm going to step away for just a moment.
So other stuff then.
Well, this one, I'll admit, I've got some cautious hopefulness about this one.
And honestly, I wouldn't have really given this a lot of attention if it wasn't for Shane,
who is in our chat right now.
And that's about another Kickstarter for and I'm going to mispronounce this IUDIN Chronicles.
And actually, after watching the trailer, it actually sounds.
Yeah, you didn't.
Thank you.
It actually sounds like it's going to be a pretty neat game here.
I mean, to the point that I'm actually considering putting some money down on it myself.
It's a JRPG.
It's it actually hit its initial funding of fifty thousand dollars by for Rabbit and Bear Studios.
They've added a bunch of stretch goals on it.
And it's going to have basically a lot of characters, very like Suikoden.
And it looks like the they've got involved in this is Murayama Yoshitaka.
There are 2D characters combined with 3D environments, very similar to Octopath Traveler,
but it is now number three in the biggest video game kickstarters in history.
So the only two that have topped it by number two is Shenmue three.
Number three was Bloodstained Ritual of the Night.
And I have to say, I'm looking at it with with some hope, so I'm considering putting some down on it as well.
Maybe I'm not going to go for all the crazy stretch goals, but who knows?
I think that. Oh, wait, wait, wait.
I just had an FYI in the chat by by Shane here saying, yeah, the closing stream was great and the guests were awesome.
Plus Akira Yamaoka was there and you could never go wrong with him.
Agreed, agreed. And who knows? I mean, maybe we'll we'll have some of his music in there, which definitely mean I would have to have this.
So, yeah, I mean, four point five million over that amount in crowdfunding.
That's pretty, pretty amazing. A lot of people are excited about it.
So we'll see how it how it comes. I'm actually fairly, fairly hopeful.
Yeah, it looks pretty good. I guess it ended yesterday.
So did it. Well, but it looks it looks pretty cool, like definitely getting the.
Yeah, I mean, the art style is pretty awesome, so I do see the comparison between this and Octopath Traveler,
especially just like the traversal of like the town stuff looks very much like Octopath,
although the battle system is completely different and a lot more cinematic.
I do like I do like the character designs. I mean, there's definitely some cosplay able people in there.
So, yeah, I'm very interested to see what this looks like once it comes out, but I'm not going to be for a while.
It's not supposed to go out until October twenty twenty two.
So it is what it is. I will probably have forgotten about this game by the time it actually makes its way out.
Don't worry. Shane will remind you. I'm sure he will.
I'm back and I will be reminding you because I actually backed the project.
So I just I did it at a very small level where I'm just getting the digital game, but I'm into it enough to want to play it.
So there's a little bit more to they because of the funding,
they will have localization for Korean, Brazilian, Portuguese and Russian languages.
So nice. Hey, more people that get to play it then. Did you guys read any of the chat comments I was out?
Well, yeah, most of them were Shane. OK, yeah.
That's why I just want to make sure because, you know, he has something to say about it.
So I just want to make sure they are read. But yeah, he follows it so closely that I know there's a lot of good updates to pretty much.
It was because of him that I had this update. Yeah, I don't even read the emails that the campaign sends.
I'm just like, oh, Shane will tell me about it when we play 14 tonight.
So, yeah, he mentions in chat, though, he just posted this.
So I know you didn't get to this one yet. The vampire vote didn't go his way.
I wanted the David Bowie one and he lost by just a handful of votes. I kind of wanted the David Bowie one, too.
So and I didn't vote. So I'm part of the problem. When you don't vote, you don't get what you want.
Remember that? Yeah. So this is why we get vampires that don't look like David Bowie.
Well, this is why we get a lot of problems. But anyway, yes, this this this being a non serious one.
Yes. Shane is also pointing out there's a also a side game coming out for it.
It's a farming style game that will come out before the main game comes out.
That's kind of funny, too. I just thought it was something they were building into the main game.
But it's kind of like how bloodstained Curse of the Moon had that whole like eight bit game that preceded it.
They ended up getting the sequel. And then now we've got like a farming game instead of like an eight bit RPG or something.
I thought that's kind of cool. It's pretty neat. Yeah. Anyway, I'm looking forward to playing the finished game in what, like three years?
No, I think they're saying twenty twenty two. So it'll be a little while. All right. Meanwhile, Loki, what do you got for us?
All right. So let's see. Let's talk a little bit about Halo.
And so. As you may remember, the last time they showed off Halo Infinite,
there was some people that didn't necessarily like the way it looked and thought that it might be not really fulfilling the promises that Microsoft had made about like a next gen Halo game.
And so because of that, of course, Halo Infinite's been pushed back to twenty twenty one.
And to help hopefully get Halo back on track, they've added some Halo veterans to the development of the game to be able to get that where it needs to be.
So apparently one of the main writers of the early Halo games at Bungie was working on a different project that now has been brought to be a leader of the game as well.
And that's Joseph Stanton. So hopefully with good writing, you know, that will help.
But more of the visuals, I think, that we noticed. I mean, I don't know what the quality of the writing was in Halo Infinite, but I know the visuals are a little bit rough.
We would know like we've only seen like a little bit of it. So that's another concern about the game.
I again, I kind of think the conversation on visuals was overblown. I understand some of the concerns people have and so forth.
I still thought it looked fine, but I get that there was pop in and, you know, the other things that other people have already pointed out.
Not necessarily that it was just like it wasn't very detailed, but like I get it. Art styles are one thing and stuff.
But as long as the game plays well, I guess it doesn't really matter.
But right. I mean, I don't know, like sometimes especially like if they're planning to do like a battle royale type mode with this,
they may have simplified the graphics a bit because you're going to have, you know, maybe 100 or so players on the field at one time.
And so maybe that was the reasoning behind it. But sometimes you would think with campaign you would maybe up that a little bit.
I don't know. That could be a possibility.
They're only pushing it back to early 2021, right? They didn't push it all the way back to holiday 2021, right?
So my mind is kind of like, what all can they really fix with only that much time?
Yes, maybe some graphical fidelity and things like that. Trying to get a little more oomph out of it. Fine. Turning up the graphics on level three.
Yeah. But the writing, if that that means the voiceovers, that means the animations that go with that. That's that's a concern.
Well, here's the thing, too, like here. So like I know like Bungie or it's not even Bungie anymore, but like, you know, the folks behind the Halo series have made some pretty great games.
But that being said, the folks behind Mass Effect made some pretty great games. And then Anthem comes out and it was kind of like, not great.
And Andromeda had some serious issues, too. Yes. Yeah. So like all great companies can fall.
And so I kind of am a little worried. And that's why we just this day and age, even like, you know, Square Enix and Eidos or whatever, putting out different games like, you know, the upcoming Avengers game.
Originally on paper, it sounds great. But then you see like the end product and it's like it just gets marred by like executive decisions and stuff.
And so we just have to wait and see. We had to play it cautiously, especially if we're dropping, you know, allegedly almost a thousand dollars on these systems.
We just have to play it cautiously of these games coming out. So I'm going to wait and see.
Well, it's funny you should bring all that up. So on a similar note, moving to our next story, you brought up Square Enix in that.
And of course, Square Enix just released this week a pretty highly anticipated remaster of Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles.
Well, it's not being very well received by critics. And if social media is any indication, fans are feeling some sort of way about it as well.
And a lot of the problems just have to do with it sounds like some of the choices they made for online play.
This game really kind of shits the bed when it comes to online play. Basically, that that you're unlocking things in other people's dungeon.
So whoever's dungeon you're doing, you're unlocking stuff in their dungeon. But yet, as I understand it, certain story flags may still get set off in your own story.
So if you do a certain dungeon with a friend, you might set off something in your own story that basically ruins a major plot point in the game for you before you've even begun to really play the game.
So it sounds like just the whole online situation is not good. And you have to use friend codes and all this stuff.
Which is interesting because I was like, why are they still hooked on friend codes? And then I remembered, didn't they first try to reboot Crystal Chronicles on the Wii and it never happened?
And now all this time later, we're getting it finally on the Switch.
I thought they did like a Wii and DS version of Crystal Chronicles or was that the original Crystal Chronicles?
The original was Game Boy Advance and GameCube.
So no, they did. They did a maybe I'm thinking of Chocobo Mystery Dungeon or something like that.
They were supposed to do Crystal Chronicles on Wii and they never did.
And so this thing has kind of been worked on ever since then. It sounds like it's not.
It just sounds like for the amount of time we've been waiting for this, it didn't deliver.
And that's very disappointing, to put it lightly. Now, again, I'm going off hearsay.
So if you've been playing the game and you've been loving it and you want to say something nice about it, by all means, please speak up in our chat room or send us an email over at participate at orange lounge radio dot com.
It's just all the reaction I've been seeing is that it's it's not doing very well.
Or well, I don't know. I don't know about sales, but I mean, it's just not being received very well.
The critic scores certainly are indicating that. That's for sure.
Now, it should be said, though, on the plus side, it does have a pretty robust light edition demo.
And that's pretty cool and something we didn't have really before. So there is that.
So you want to you want to say yay to some things that worked right.
So Shane in chat says, if you're going to give it a shot, do not play it on mobile.
I tried that last night. Yeah, I remember hearing the controls were really difficult on mobile,
which is almost always the case when a game that was built with a game pad in mind transitions to mobile.
That transition is very often not great. Games that are designed for mobile do very well on mobile,
but games that are not that are kind of shoehorned into mobile don't always go so smoothly.
So anyway, maybe this one of those things I'll pick up when there's a sale.
But I was I was I was really bummed out to hear, like, a lot of the crap this game's getting.
It's that's a bummer. Anyway, Act Deft in chat says, confirms there wasn't a Crystal Chronicles for Wii nor later.
Chocobo Mystery Dungeon was what you might have been thinking about on the Wii.
I swear I could probably find it, too, because I have crap that goes all the way back to E3 2006.
I almost feel like it was in one of the early teasers for the Wii in 2006 was Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles.
And they just they didn't get around to it. So, you know, they did have a game, though.
It was Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles, the Crystal Bears. Mm hmm.
I think you're right with that spin off game. Yeah.
And Shane says there was one about a king on the Wii. Right. Yeah.
I think it was that whole thing. So. All right. Anyway, let's move on.
We have more stories to get to in our classic game of the week is just ahead.
But first, Dark Sakura. Well, there has been, of course, a very.
So what I'm thinking of charged air in regards to anything having to do with civil unrest.
And Ubisoft has actually promised to pull an image that was used in one of their Tom Clancy games that was accused of promoting.
All right. Black Lives Matter conspiracy theories. They used the raised fist image.
You know, the. Image in, I guess, people on the podcast and see it, but the raised fist image in their intro video for elite squad,
which is sort of an all star action RPG on their mobile devices, kind of Fortnite style.
It was developed by Alliant, which is a Paris based studio. They normally do horse breeding games.
But the intro shows a civil unrest with a group called Umbra, quote,
a faceless organization that wants to build a new world order that is a terrorist organization.
And they were using that symbol as.
As I guess their their symbol, which, of course, is completely tone deaf.
Number one and really is sending the wrong message for the use of that symbol for for gamers everywhere.
It really is insensitive and it's very good that they took it down.
And for the for those who are in chat, I will gladly post the image so that people can see what the one in question is.
But yeah, it's it's it's ridiculously insensitive.
And they need they need to if they haven't pulled it down already, it needs to be down now.
So there was actually a comment and actually I think some of this is already linked on our discord over at Vogue Network dot com slash discord.
You can join our discord server and chat with us throughout the week.
And Dungeon Buster in Discord actually linked to a tweet that was written by Brendan Gibbons.
And Brendan Gibbons is a game and narrative designer for hire.
So I believe Brendan worked on this title and wrote this tweet that said, angry about the use of the black power fist here.
I worked on the character bios and was informed that Umbra is supposed to be a James Bond villain organization, not something that looks like.
Yeah, not something that looks like what the Q conspiracy people think is happening. Irresponsibly bad optics.
That tweet is very thank you for sharing that on our discord, Dungeon Buster, because that tweet is very interesting.
When you hear one of the assumed writers again, I'm sorry, I don't have all the details on what this gentleman did for the game, what they contributed.
But to hear that, like they thought they were doing one thing and what translated into the visuals wasn't a match.
Like that's that's really crazy to hear, because when I looked at the video and I'm trying to look at the video,
like that's kind of the first time I saw it was that tweet and everything.
And I'm looking at the video and I'm going, this doesn't look like a James Bond organization at all.
And when I looked at the video, I'm like, yeah, it this is bad optics.
This does look a little too close to stuff that's going on in the real world.
So it's yeah, it was yikes anyway.
Let's see, Act F says a co-host and I were talking about this on GFM cast and he explained to me that the rioters shown in the game are controlled by a terrorist group.
But yeah, it doesn't excuse them from doing that.
You know, still, this is a trailer that promotes your game and think about what you know, what what are you really promoting in that?
So, yikes. Anyway, I'm glad they're at least going to fix it, for what it's worth.
All right, moving on, Loki.
Yes. So let's talk a little bit about mods and console mods.
So there are some pretty cool portable Wii mods this week.
So one of those being from Jinger of Mods, who basically fit a Wii system into the size of like almost like our original Game Boy Color.
And so, yeah, it's pretty cool using basically they have to hack up the original Wii motherboard and cut off a bunch of the circuits from that.
And then it's also using a 240P display and parts from the DS and also from a Switch controller and even a GameCube controller.
So very convoluted, but it is pretty cool the results from that.
However, though, if you're looking for to do this yourself and you want to spend the money to do that, you have a spare Wii and all the other stuff.
You can actually go to there's a website store that bitbuilt.net and they have something called the G-Boy.
G-Boy and it's a DIY portable kit, so it'll save you the time of having developed your own shell and everything for that.
So it comes with the case, the display and some of the other charging circuitry as well.
You'll just need to supply the battery, micro SD card, D-pads and ABXY buttons, which are found on a DS.
And of course, you know, the Wii console itself.
But then they have the instructions on how to build it.
And I actually watched one of the YouTubers, I watched my tech tips.
They actually built one and it looks definitely advanced.
There's lots of soldering, obviously, and you have to also be very careful with cutting that circuit board, the main motherboard of the Wii.
But the results look pretty cool. Like if I had the time and skills, I would love to build one.
Yeah, it looks pretty neat from what I was seeing, too, is that, yeah, it's a pretty slick looking thing, but definitely not something I would want to attempt on my own.
Yeah, so but yeah, if you're interested, like I said, check out that Bitbuilt website.
They've got a lot of stuff that you can, I think we even have other portable kits as well. So check it out.
All right. Well, let's move on to talk about this old rumor is back, upgrades for the Nintendo Switch in 2021.
So we've had this rumor circulating a couple of times now that Nintendo plans to do like a Switch Pro or some type of upgraded Switch model.
So, you know, why are we talking about it again?
Well, this time the rumor is coming from Bloomberg, which is more of an investor type of publication and not somebody's like game blog or social media or what have you.
So that's why this one is gaining a little more traction around the Internet than the others, because it's coming from more the investor side of things.
So Bloomberg did say in a recent report that the successor basically to the Nintendo Switch, the next Switch, we obviously don't have a name for it, is due in 2021.
It is called a upgraded model of its Switch console. So it's not supposed to be something where like it'll be a whole new system.
It's just some type of like Switch upgrade. Also saying that Nintendo has looked into including more computing power and 4K high definition graphics.
That takes a lot of people by surprise to hear 4K graphics because Nintendo, Nintendo kind of tends to show up later to the graphics and all that stuff party.
So to hear that Nintendo's thinking about 4K already seems to be a little bit surprising.
Of course, we have no idea if this means, does that mean 4K portable or just 4K when it's docked?
I would imagine docked.
Yeah, I would imagine docked only as well, but we don't know. Like that's just, you know, our logical brains trying to tell us what we think is going to happen.
But we don't know until Nintendo actually announces.
There was a similar story as well in a Taiwan economic magazine, Taiwan Economic Daily News.
So yeah, that's that's where they're at.
It was pointed out that the time between the 3DS and the 3DS or the new 3DS was a similar timeframe.
So this getting an upgrade would not be completely surprising.
And I think some of us are kind of expecting it anyway.
I just hope it doesn't kind of like splinter the Switch's base too much.
I think the biggest problem with the new 3DS is that I was never really convinced I needed one.
Yeah, there wasn't really a good reason for it. There's a handful of games that needed it.
Two or three games that needed it.
And the Super Nintendo, which I remember I threw a fit about because I'm like, why can't the frickin...
But anyway, that's old frickin' news at this point.
But I'm very curious, like what is really going to justify this new Switch?
And I hope it doesn't splinter things up too much.
But if it's one of those things where it's like, OK, docked, it will do 4K on Mario.
But if you have an old Switch, then it just kind of plays in 1080 instead or whatever, 720 even.
Like an old Switch, then I don't think that might be too big a deal, but we'll see.
I mean, I have no idea what Nintendo has in store because, again, this is all a rumor.
It's a little bit of a surprise there.
Sjo and Hunter Matt says Bloomberg cited sources from within Nintendo that gave this info.
I would imagine if Bloomberg is citing sources, they must be more reliable than your standard Reddit user post.
Very good.
ActDef says, I need a performance mode for the Switch.
I want my Overwatch at 60 frames a second.
That's a good call. That's something that perhaps a pro Switch could do.
And of course, Overwatch 2 is something that's on the horizon eventually, right?
Maybe in a similar timeframe. Who knows?
Shane points out in chat or Chad Starzik says, the best things about the new 3DS were the nub stick and the head tracking for 3D.
Yes, those were very impressive features.
And when I finally did get around to buying one, when they put out that Metroid one that I really wanted, I liked those features too.
But I'm not even sure it was worth it if you already owned a 3DS to get just that.
But they were, I mean, it was a nice upgrade. I'm not going to lie either.
Tigerclaw in chat says, here's the thing.
If you get this new Switch, you're going to have to re-buy all the games you purchased digitally.
Really good call out from Tigerclaw.
If there is not an easy way to transfer digital licenses, I might be very hesitant to buy one.
Don't they have that already?
I thought they had that already. I thought they brought that into play when they had, they just put out the Switch Lite or whatever, the Switch.
Yes, you're right. The Switch Lite. Jamie?
Switch Lite.
Well, aren't your purchases also tied to your Nintendo account?
They are. And I was going to point out that we need to remember with the 3DS, since we brought that up, the 3DS, the new 3DS.
I remember transferring my ambassador license. You remember that? For the really early 3DS adopters?
I transferred that twice because I moved it from my original 3DS to my Zelda 3DS. I moved it from my Zelda 3DS to my Microsoft one.
So you were able to move digital things.
I had a Microsoft one.
I'm sorry, Metroid one. What is wrong with my brain today?
So, I actually know I had a migraine most of the day, but anyway. So, moving it to the Metroid one.
So, you were able to move those digital licenses. You could do it between Wii and Wii U as well.
Yeah, but your licenses should follow your, my Nintendo account.
No, they absolutely should.
And I think that's what they do for the Switch.
Yeah. And DJ Roma S says, ambassadors account. Yeah, that's because, do you remember when the 3DS first came out?
I don't remember what the problem was. If it wasn't selling well, I don't think they had a lot of great software.
But anyway, they ended up doing this thing where they were like, if you buy a 3DS, you're going to be an ambassador.
And you get like, it was like 10 Game Boy Advance games for Virtual Console and like 10 Game Boys.
So, you got all these like classic from the Nintendo library games that only the ambassadors ever got.
Like, there was a WarioWare in there, I think.
Well, here's what's confusing me about what you're saying is that you're having a new system shouldn't matter about your, the games that you own.
The system, the licenses shouldn't be tied to the system, they're tied to your ID so you can have another ID with the game, another system with your ID on it.
You're right, it shouldn't. But I do know when I did those other processes, it wasn't as simple as connecting to the store and redownloading everything with my login.
It didn't work that way. You actually had to copy everything from the old system.
And it would move everything off of the old system completely and on the new system.
And I think it's one of those things about Nintendo that really ticks people off about the way they do some of the online stuff is that like the license is kind of like your ID, and your console.
So, I got very silly. Yeah, so I agree and I think it's one of the things that Nintendo ought to address if they are going to convince people to upgrade to a Switch Pro.
So, yeah.
I mean, at least they have certain things like cloud saving for Animal Crossing and whatnot that you can at least keep your games going over.
Now, they do, but that wasn't even there when it was first.
So they already said that was going to be available, they just had to incorporate it into the game.
Yeah. No, true, true.
All right. Well, let's travel back to a more classic time. Let's go back to an era before there was cloud saves and before we had all these different pro consoles and so forth.
It's the classic game of the week.
And every week here on Orange Lounge Radio, Dark Sakura steps into the gaming vault to find a game that she thinks, hey, you guys should be checking this game out.
And wow, Jamie, yet again, we have a pick here where I'm like, we're on episode 834 of this program.
You've been doing this segment since episode 250 because there were some prior things.
There used to be like website of the week where there's some other things before we kind of landed on this, which is a great fit.
And I'm stunned sometimes at some of the games that I see, like you'll send me your pick and I'm like, how have we not done that in like 600 episodes?
How?
I have that thought myself.
I know, I know. It's crazy.
And tonight is definitely one of those nights where I'm like, how has this never been a classic game?
But that's not a negative. It just means we cover so much good stuff here, right?
Right.
We have a ton that we've done, and I'm a little bit disappointed in myself for not having done this earlier, but better late than never.
You've done some other games.
I've done others in the series.
Yes, you definitely have, but just never this one.
And that just surprised me.
But that's OK. We're going to fix that tonight, right?
C'est la vie.
What is it?
The game of the week is Street Fighter II The World Warrior.
Of course, many of us have just known it as Street Fighter II.
It is a fighting game developed by Capcom.
It was originally released in arcades in 1991, and it is the second in the series.
The very first being Street Fighter that came out in 1987 that was not as happy about it.
It was the 14th title to use the CP system arcade board, and it improved so much over the first game,
including the special command moves, six button configuration and adding better, more interesting characters with their own fighting style and a combo system.
So this actually became the best selling title of it.
I mean, probably since the golden age, 1994, the game had been played by over 25 million people in the US alone at home and in arcades.
There have been updated versions since then, different variants on it.
Because remember, before we had that Valve couldn't count to three, before it was Capcom couldn't count to three.
So going into the game, basically you have your different fighters.
We had, you know, just a few coming over from the original Street Fighter.
And so your goal is to deplete the vitality bar of the other player by getting hits on them until they have no vitality left.
If you do it at the same time, or you have an equal amount of life at the end of the match, then you get a double KO or a draw.
You can get, you know, additional rounds if you have tied too many times.
So, you know, so at any rate, if you could actually make a match last up to 10 rounds, if there was no clear winner, but when Champion Edition came out, it was reduced to four.
And if there's no clear winner by the end of the final round, then the computer opponent, if you're playing versus the computer, will win by default, or both will lose in the two-player match.
So after every third match in single-player mode, you will have a bonus stage.
Oh my car!
Which was originally, oh my god, but they changed it, of course, in the US.
The bonus round will have, in order, a car-breaking event that's very similar to the bonus rounds in Final Fight, the barrel-breaking bonus game, which I kind of hated, and then the drum-breaking bonus game, which I hated even more.
I like beating up the car.
Between the matches, you have a Pacific-centered world map that shows you where each of the home stages are, so you are traveling the world.
You have an eight-directional joystick and six attack buttons.
I don't really need to go into explanation on actually how it plays, but to go through the original characters, you had Mew, you had Ken, you had Edmund Honda, you had Guile, or people who couldn't pronounce Guile called him Wheely, which was stupid, and those people made me cry.
Yeah, I hate, I'm like, can you not read?
Anyway, there was Chun-Li, there was Blanca, Zangief, and Dalsim.
And you had your CPU-exclusive characters, and I will be going by the Japanese names.
You had Balrog, who in the US was Vega, a Spanish bullfighter.
You had M. Bison after Mike Tyson, who was called, they switched him to Balrog in the US.
You had Sagat, who is the Muay Thai fighter, and then Vega in Japan was called M. Bison here, which, meh.
And so, of course, there was all kinds of just craziness that came out of this, different rumors and things, things that even made it into magazines as April Fool's jokes.
I actually still have an issue with EGM somewhere.
One of Ryu's quotes was, you must defeat Shenlong to stand a chance, which was supposed to be translated, you can't win if you can't beat my Dragon Punch.
But they thought there was a character named Shenlong in the game, and this led to a big hoax, and EGM played on it, and then there are two characters at the intro who were named Scott Max.
So, at any rate, you know, they've gone and the game really spawned stories and all kinds of crazy stuff.
But the fun thing about this combo system, because this was one of the earliest games to actually have a combo system, and so many people worked on it,
and the original developers didn't really prioritize the balance of the game, and they really put more of its properties and how animated it was,
and how they could make it look, and how the characters would be able to, the characters actually took up different size, like Ryu was an 8 megabit and Zangief was 12 megabit, and the game took two years to develop.
But about the car stage, and this is a quote from Hunamizu Noritaka, who said that they saw the punch timing and it was possible to add a second hit and so on,
so they made, from a little bug maybe, they added in that combo system.
And of course, most of the music was composed by Shinomura Yoko, and she actually left Capcom for Square two years later.
But I mean, of course, we know she's done a lot of great work for Capcom in the past.
I mean, just different things that she's worked on, you know, Final Fight, Gargoyle's Quest, you know, she's worked on popin' music, probably.
Oh wow.
Yeah, you know, but we've also had her for Nemo, just all kinds of games, she's done some really great stuff.
And as I recall, she did, I think, my favorite music in Kingdom Hearts.
I believe that she did the Tron music.
She actually did a lot of music in Kingdom Hearts.
Oh wow.
Kingdom Hearts 2, sorry.
So as far as different ports out of this game, and I'm not talking about, like, the various special editions and whatnot, championship edition, you name it.
There was the Super Famicom version that was re-released for Wii and Wii U Virtual Console, that was in 1992.
Also in 1992, we had Amiga, Atari ST, those came on floppy disk, Commodore 64 Rob on cassette or floppy disk, Amstrad CPC, ZX Spectrum, PC-DOS on three disks, ooh.
In 1994, there was the CPS Changer, there was 1995 on Game Boy, 1997 Sega Master System, 98 Sega Saturn and PlayStation, with the Saturn version being greater, because it had 2D better.
2004, it came out on mobile, 2005, PlayStation 2, Xbox, PSP, 28, PS4, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch, Windows, as part of the Street Fighter 30th Anniversary Collection.
The Super Nintendo One had some big changes made to it with its release.
They removed the attract sequence, some of the voice samples had to be reduced, you could not necessarily get a lot out of the character vocalizations, but depending on their strength level, they went higher in pitch.
I don't know if you ever knew that.
The tunes in the soundtrack were also rearranged, and there were just some different attacks that were removed, like Chun-Li's standing medium punch.
Two of the elephants from the Balsim stage, so yeah, it was really downscaled quite a bit, but it was still a really good game.
And this, you know, the arcade version of this game got some amazing ratings from it.
It was, you know, it was probably one of the higher ranked games that released at this time.
Of course, we're popular worldwide, and now we're up to like freaking Street Fighter V.
But for our different versions of Street Fighter II that were released, we had Street Fighter II The World Warrior, we had Special Champion Edition, Street Fighter II Turbo, Street Fighter II The New Challengers, and then there was Street Fighter II Turbo HD Remix, Ultra Street Fighter II, we've just had so many.
And like I said, the joke was, can a Capcom count to three? Oh, no.
But I mean, it also has had such a big impact on just pop culture in general.
The game has been sampled so many times for its music, even Nicki Minaj sampled, or actually referenced the game, will be a bunch of different folks.
Yeah, Nicki Minaj's single was called Chun-Li, so that was a good song.
You know, but who sampled list 80 songs that have sampled Street Fighter II, including Kanye, Jay-Z, Drake, all kinds of folks.
And then there's also a British Grindel band called Hadoken.
And I mean, it's just like I'm even just looking at the references page for all this, and it's almost as long as the article itself.
It was such a huge piece of pop culture. Like, you know, you and I are a similar age, and I just remember how much this game dominated, you know, the early high school slash like late junior high kind of years.
Like this was in every arcade. It was, you know, it was just like the game.
And, you know, when it came out for Super Nintendo, because it came out there first before Genesis, it was a huge deal.
Like it was a huge deal when this came out on Super Nintendo. Everybody was looking forward to it.
It sold, I'm sure, Cuckoo Bananas crazy. They ended up doing Super Street Fighter, Turbo Street Fighter, all in the Super Nintendo as well.
So, so well done.
Well, and the other the other things about it apart from other things that it spawned is there have been different, I would probably say different other expansions to it.
And in fact, the Street Fighter 2 characters became part of the G.I. Joe A Real American Hero line in 1993 because Hasbro bought the rights to the characters.
There was an unofficial South Korean animation called Street Fighter that had the Street Fighter 2 and then there was a movie in Hong Kong called Future Cops.
That was another, you know, rename of that. There were other adaptions for film, there was Street Fighter 2 the animated movie.
There was the live action one with Jean-Claude Van Damme and Kylie Minogue and Raul Julia, which I happen to have seen four times in the theater because of reasons.
And then there was also the US Street Fighter cartoon, which was terrible. Street Fighter 2V, the prequel series that was sort of, I guess, not quite Street Fighter Alpha.
There was actually there was for for Street Fighter 4, there was even an animation that came out with that game.
And then, of course, who can forget the Street Fighter sequence in City Cop? Was it City Cop? Yeah.
Am I right? The Jackie Chan movie?
City Hunter.
City Hunter, because I was thinking of the anime and for the life of me, I could not remember the name of it because I've watched a bunch of City Hunter.
Yes, the anime was awesome. And then, of course, the live action movie is also awesome. And that Street Fighter sequence is really great.
That sequence is like the memorable thing. And seeing, you know, Jackie Chan as Chun-Li was absolutely hilarious.
But yeah, you know, this this game has been embedded into our pop culture. Even if you're not a gamer, you know what the hell Street Fighter 2 is.
So, I mean, and thankfully it's not the old whack-a-mole, they opted not to use the whack-a-mole style, you know, game that the original Street Fighter was for a bit. So there you go.
Let me ask you this crazy question. You know, this obviously was a game that came after, you know, it's Street Fighter 2 for a reason.
There was a Street Fighter 1 that I don't think was quite ingrained into popular culture.
And what's interesting is that Street Fighter 2 barely references the original Street Fighter. Like you said early on, most of the characters aren't here.
You know, characters like Birdie and stuff, they're never...
But they came back for Street Fighter Alpha.
What's that? Oh yeah, they came later.
Yeah, like Gen and all of those. But they were really expanded upon. You know, I think that they had to step away from how the initial game went.
And like I said, that whack-a-mole thing was stupid, okay? I mean, I get the concept behind it, it's novel, but that's no way to play a game.
And it's gonna, you know, basically mean that arcade owners are gonna have to replace their machines or their buttons and keep doing all kinds of other maintenance on it.
But in the long run though, when going to a full joystick and button style, that's better for arcade operators, especially since it's using a particular system.
You know, and then even with the later ones going into the CPS2 system, you have your ROM cartridges that you can replace and keep using that same system for multiple games.
So it really was an innovation just in terms of gaming itself.
Yeah, and I think also just like, I think what it brought to the arcades, the player versus player element, that I think a lot of games...
I mean, certainly that existed in other games, but like that was the core of this game.
And I think there was something about that that really lended itself to the popularity of this game and really paved the way for so many games that either tried to copy it or just were inspired by it.
I would say Mortal Kombat being the most obvious example. Obviously, Mortal Kombat is its own thing.
I'm not saying that it's trying to bite off of Street Fighter, but it wouldn't exist if it weren't for Street Fighter.
Exactly.
Yeah, so, all right. Well, there it is, your classic game of the week. It's one of those, it's about time type of selections.
But you know what? No, I mean, like I said earlier, we just sometimes we're highlighting so many other games.
So many games have been made over the years. We finally got around to Street Fighter 2 tonight. Great pick. Appreciate that.
All right, let's move on. We've got some more news to get into.
And then we're going to take some comments from our chat room as we get to the listener roundtable a little later in the show.
But let's get to some rapid fire news and talk about some other things that are going on in the industry right now.
Yeah, so let's talk about some of the games that are going to be coming to PlayStation Plus next month, or I should even say in a couple days.
So, speaking of Street Fighter, we're going to be getting Street Fighter 5, which is going to be arriving tomorrow on September 1st.
And also PUBG is going to be the other free game as well. So, pretty cool.
And then also there is some updates regarding Marvel Avengers, and I can't say that they're good updates.
It's talking about their battle pass system and cosmetics and all that stuff.
So, like a lot of the popular games nowadays, they're doing this kind of like season pass type of, well, not necessarily season pass.
I guess sort of like the skill tree that you would see in like Fortnite or in Fall Guys, for example, where you have to unlock things in order to unlock each of the cosmetics in there.
Well, to be able to do that, you have to purchase a challenge, a hero challenge card, which is going to be 1000 credits or $10.
And that's per hero that you want to unlock that stuff.
Now, they say that at the end of it, though, you do earn your 1000 credits back, but that's after you grind through everything in order to unlock all of that, which I'm guessing is probably going to be quite a slog.
Aside from that, they're going to also have, of course, the credit packs that they're selling, that they're going to be selling different items that are going to rotate on a weekly basis.
I don't know. I don't need when you have like a huge article in this, this is even coming from Square Enix discussing how the monetization is going to work.
We'll take your money here. We'll take your money there. We'll take your money anywhere we can get it.
We don't even know like how good this game is going to be. And it doesn't seem like a lot of people are very impressed with it so far.
So why are we getting into the monetization?
I mean, they did keep saying that it's optional and it's just cosmetic, but no, I'm not. This just turns me off of this game even more.
But it's a concern. We should be getting more, you know, on the great features in the game and reasons why we're going to enjoy it.
I just it seems a little tacky to be talking about. Here's how we're going to take all your money.
Like, I understand, like, and I will say I'm glad they are talking about it up front.
I'm glad they're getting ahead of because, you know, if this was all kind of exposed when the game was released.
For our benefit, they're doing it to try to save face.
Yes. Yes, exactly. Exactly. But I'm glad we're getting it now and not later, I guess, as a result.
So, all right. Other rapid fire things. Spotify is trying to amp up their e-sports offerings.
They're doing a partnership with Riot Games.
And so now Riot will be working with Spotify, I guess, exclusively when it comes to League of Legends, including a new League of Legends related podcast and e-sports.
So there's no launch date for when the podcast will kick off yet.
But it is something that they are working on for this year.
There's also going to be some type of official hub in Spotify that will have gaming music, podcasts and playlists, including the official League of Legends.
And this is League of Legends playlists. And, you know, I have to say that.
And by the way, this is nothing new for Spotify. They've been really trying to amp up the representation of podcasts on there.
You can subscribe to OLR there if you want, as well as many other great podcasts.
But they are, you know, one of the big, big shows they just got recently. Michelle Obama just launched a podcast on Spotify.
And I don't endorse celebrity podcasts very often because I'm very much.
And even when I'm reading this, I'm like, I bet there's a lot of fan run League of Legends podcasts that are worth your time.
You don't have to do the official one. But I will say, if there's any celebrity podcast I'm going to endorse, the Michelle Obama one is really good.
I mean, she's just such a good speaker anyway. Everybody was talking about her speech, you know, at the DNC and so forth.
And she's just so, so well spoken that it lends itself. It's kind of like when she had a podcast.
It's one of those things where it's like, I'm surprised it took this long.
I mean, I'm surprised we had to wait this long for this. So that was that was a great land in Spotify's world.
The one other thing I will say, though, with this whole League of Legends talk and Spotify, though, I can't believe we had that whole article.
And whole discussion and not a word about KDA, because I don't know if you all have heard that new KDA song, but it's fire.
It's fire. It's so good. There's a new one. Yeah, the baddest. Check it out.
It's it's really good. And it's that same kind of like K-pop and American pop fusion that pop stars was.
And they are going to be doing an EP at some point this year. I think they've changed some of the singers.
I think some folks were maybe brought into pop stars thinking it was just going to be a one song thing.
So they've changed the lineup a little bit. But, you know, it's like the Pussycat Dolls, right?
Yeah. At the end of the day, it was Nicole Scherringer and whoever else was there.
Right. Destiny's Child. It was. Does anyone remember when Destiny's Child was four people?
Anyway, it was Beyonce and her friends. All right.
Moving on. Let's talk about everybody. All right.
One other rapid fire thing I want to talk about. Twitch.
September is coming back. No talk about any restaurant chain partnering with this.
However, September is coming back. September 1st at 10 a.m. Eastern.
You're going to be able to get some savings on channel subscriptions.
Twenty percent off the first month of the new subscription.
Twenty five percent off a three month subscription.
Thirty percent off a six month subscription. So, you know, if you have some channels that you're wanting to support.
And you know, there's so many great content creators out there.
Like, I'd be dumb not to try to put a cheap plug for ourselves, but I'm sure there are many great content creators on Twitch that you're watching.
And September is going to be a great time to stock up on that.
If you want to do that, even though there will be a discount for you to sign up for these subs.
The streamer themselves will still get the same share of the pie.
So Twitch is absorbing that discount, which is a great thing.
They aren't trying to force their discount on the streamer like their Grubhub.
OK. Or one of those services. Anyway.
So, yes, that's pretty cool. So you can bet we're going to try to push subs come September because it'll be a little cheaper.
But please support all your favorite content creators. There's many great ones out there.
Including one that just showed up in our chat room, Black Compat.
I urge you to follow our pals formerly of Electric Sistahood on their new venture over there.
And I know there are many other folks as well that are streaming in this day and age.
DJ Rama S, I'm sure would love it if you would follow Anime Jam Session.
And we would love that, too, because they are our friends here at the Voice of the Youth Network.
So anyway, let's move on.
Other rapid fire news from Dark Sakura.
Yeah, it is very sad, but Sega has confirmed the end of Sega ages.
However, they're going to be doing more stuff for Switch and revisiting past titles.
But it was confirmed in Game Watch from Okunari Yosuke basically said that there's no future plan for.
Oh, hot dog for. Sorry, my husband brought me food for any other any other games in the future.
The last one they did was here's a spy.
But, you know, they said there's more stuff from M2 that might be out.
And then also Streets of Rage 4 is getting some new content.
But we don't know when.
The Streets of Rage 4 is getting some new content, but we don't know when.
They're not telling us. They just said, yeah, it's happening. You'll find out eventually.
Suck on it. Not really.
Look forward to it. Please look forward to it.
That marinates in Streets of Rage 4 as it is, which is like as far as like throwback titles go,
for better or for worse, Streets of Rage is a throwback title.
It's all the great things about 90s arcade beat em ups and all the things that feel a little stale about them in the year 2020 as well.
But you know what? I think it's a great throwback.
Streets of Rage was Yuzo Koshiro.
No, of course, I know. Oh, yeah. And the music's fire, of course, is one of the best reasons to check it out.
All right. Let's travel. Oh, I'm sorry.
Let's travel around the world and check out some releases coming out this week.
So we'll start in the US with Loki.
All right. So this week we've got a few things.
So starting off with R.A. and the Secret of Seasons on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Not to be confused with Ori and the whatever, whatever.
Yes. No, not to be confused with that. Crusader Kings 3 on PC, Mac and Linux.
Iron Harvest on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
MX versus ATV All Out on Nintendo Switch. Spellbreak on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Tell me why. Chapter two on PC and Xbox One.
WRC9 on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Doraemon Story of Seasons on PlayStation 4.
Marvel's Avengers on PC, PlayStation 4, Xbox One and Stadia.
NBA 2K21 on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, Xbox One and Stadia.
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 1 and 2 on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
World's End Club on iOS. That's it.
All right. Let's talk about Japan. So some of the releases in Japan this week.
Slay the Spire gets a localized release in Japan this week on September 3rd for Nintendo Switch.
And then also coming out in Japan, NBA 2K21. It's coming out there as well.
I guess it gets a world release of sorts. And Minecraft Dungeons gets a release on the Switch in Japan this week.
So they're catching up a little bit on some of the things that we've had here for a bit. So check that out.
On the PlayStation 4, we also have some releases.
We have Marvel's Avengers gets its Japanese release this week.
As well as I think that might be it actually in Japan this week.
I would have thought some of those. Oh, there it is. NBA 2K20. I was like, surely that's there.
NBA 2K21 is out in Japan this week as well.
And Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 1 and 2 also gets a combined release there in Japan this week.
Pretty cool. Dark Sakura, how about the UK?
Are you muted, Dark Sakura? Or am I just not here?
I am now. OK, I was. I was eating a hot dog because my husband loves me.
I understand. Yes, he feeds his wife.
So anyway, on the 31st, there's a bunch of stuff, by the way. On the 31st, we have MX vs ATV All Out.
On Switch, we have Crusader Kings 3 for PC, Marvel's Avengers Deluxe Edition, Marvel's Avengers Earth's Mightiest Edition.
And on September 2nd, we have WRC 9 on the third.
This is pretty much everything else is coming out on the third road to Guangdong.
Wiley Jetman, Astro Monkey's Revenge Sweeper Edition, NBA 2K21, The Sojourn, Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 1 and 2, The Persistence Hode, Ministry of Broadcast.
That just sounds like a cool name.
Marvel's Avengers, Minecraft Dungeons, Kingdoms of Amalur Re-Reckoning.
Oh, actually, I'm getting way past that. Those last two were from the seventh. OK, I'm done.
You know what? We're not here next week, so it's OK. You give them a sneak peek of what to look forward to in a couple of weeks.
Alright, well then also, Ninja Legends on the 10th, Initial Drift, Holy Potatoes Compendium.
And that's all I'm going to do.
Every potato is holy, in my opinion. Alright, except I'm not as big on sweet potatoes.
I'm going to be honest. I know it's a big thing for some people, not really.
I'm a big fan of purple mountain yams.
Alright, let's move on with some more stories and then we'll get to the listener roundtable. First off, Loki.
Alright, so there's a new mobile AR game coming because there's not enough of those.
This time it is in the Witcher universe, so it's the Witcher Monster Slayer.
And it's your typical AR game where you're going to be fighting monsters and in the first person.
Kind of reminds me a little bit of that Walking Dead AR game that they had.
I don't know if it's the same company that puts it out, but yeah, it looks OK.
I mean, obviously the trailer they show of it doesn't really show you anything in like literally less than a second of the gameplay there, but I don't know.
Yeah, so it's being developed by Spocco, who I have never heard of.
But yeah, apparently that is the new hotness in the location gaming space.
We'll see. I mean, some of those games come out like garbage, like Garfield Go. Remember that one? That was a real piece of work.
Some people were, and there was a Ghostbusters game that I think kind of came and went pretty quick.
There's a Walking Dead game that kind of came and went real quick.
The Jurassic Park one, I played that for a little bit. It was OK. I didn't get super into it, but I know other people did.
Like, I know people that will play Pokemon Go and that. See, I kind of found that my limit is three, and three is a lot.
And if Pokemon didn't have the Bluetooth, I probably couldn't do three. But I play Ingress, I play Pokemon Go, and I play Orna.
And those are the three I can do. I gave up Harry Potter. Harry Potter's gone.
But that, you know, I know that's another popular AR game. That's also a Niantic-based one, so they've got a really great database of stuff in there.
All right. We'll see how The Witcher turns out.
I think the thing that makes the Niantic games really, really work is that the populated system of interesting places that, granted, is all user-made.
And I know it has its problems in rural areas, but it's getting better.
I think that population or that database of all those cool locations is what really boosts those games.
Because then when you look at a game like Jurassic World or whatever, they're in random places. Everything's in random places.
And the one thing I liked about Orna, or still like about Orna, is that you can build your own stuff in the world.
And I would like to see more games like that, where you're literally building your own stuff that affects other players as well, if you wanted to.
You can also keep it private, so that you're not giving away where your house is, which is a smart thing to do.
But I like that, though. If you're limited on where, especially in a pandemic when you're supposed to be staying at home,
I do like that you can build things nearby so that you have those resources.
But at the same time, there's still things that you have to go out and find.
So I like that quite a bit that they make it simple like that.
So we'll see if The Witcher ends up being on the Harry Potter, pretty decent AR game side of things, Jurassic World, or on the Garfield side of things.
Well, CD Projekt now, they own the majority stake in this company, so they probably will have quite a bit of influence on it. So hopefully that's a good thing.
They must believe in it. Well, let's talk about the Game Awards for the year 2020, because the Game Awards take place every December.
And Dark Soccer, are you okay?
Your mute is in the wrong place, because I think we just heard what you didn't want us to hear, and now we don't hear you.
You're still muted, my friend.
Sorry, I bumped my mute button as I was burping.
And I did it by complete accident, so now I'm a fucking lady, okay.
Guess what, everybody, women burp.
We fart, we take big huge dumps when we have to, we are human.
Get over it.
Alright.
This lesson brought to you by Dark Sagra. Alright.
Moving on.
See, there is my mute button, and it is obnoxiously easy to hit.
You know, this show has never been nominated for a Game Award, and I can't possibly imagine why.
Because people often know who you are in order to be like an influencer.
We got an award.
We did, not a Game Award, we got a podcast award in like, what, 2004, but we...
Alright.
No, we love the awards that we've won and have been nominated for.
I'll never forget that live 365 award ceremony where they forgot our name.
And you can hear it in the recording when they're saying like, and nominated for Station of the Year.
We have dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah.
And then like she starts to open the envelope and you hear Loki on the official recording in the back of the room.
Hey!
Hey!
And she goes, oh, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, and Orange Sounds Radio.
And it was like, and that was the moment.
I know, we were like, well, we didn't win, obviously.
Guess we'll get another drink.
I want something.
I want the speakers.
You want a, yeah, that's right.
I'm glad we didn't all go home empty handed that night.
Oh, yeah, I also got, what was it, like an IR remote, like a TV remote for my computer for some reason.
I didn't get shit.
I didn't get, the one thing I remember from that night as well, because we all, it's, you know, now that we all kind of have our, we all have our own things.
So it's very rare and especially obviously we're in a pandemic.
We don't get to do anything together now, but it's rarely that the three of us get to go on a complete adventure together.
Like we went to PAX together that one year.
That was a lot of fun.
But we all went to the live 365 awards in the Bay Area together.
And I remember when the car, we parked the car and the first space I wanted, I couldn't take because some fucking limo or something, or no, it wasn't even a limo, but just like a large car had took up like three parking spaces.
And Dark Sakura goes, give me a, give me a post-it.
You have post-its in here, right?
And I'm like, I have Hello Kitty, Hello Kitty post-its and Dark Sakura was like, perfect.
And she takes a piece of Hello Kitty stationary post-it and puts, you park like an asshole and puts it on the car.
I still do that.
But it's just, it wasn't just that you left a note that said you park like an asshole, but you put it on Hello Kitty stationary is what literally drives that home.
Anyway, where were we?
I need to, I actually do have a Hello Kitty stationary that I keep at my desk.
I should just start carrying it with me and do that some more.
All right.
Anyhow, excuse me, back to the Game Awards.
So a ceremony nobody will be parking at this year because it's going to be all virtual.
It's the Game Awards.
So 2020 Game Awards is going to be going virtual.
Jeff Keeley confirmed this in a recent interview with IGN saying, quote, what I will say about is this.
We have a very interesting plan for the show this year.
We're definitely doing it.
A lot of people are asking, are you delaying it?
The Oscars are being postponed.
Are you postponing the Game Awards?
We are not.
We'll share more in the coming weeks, but it's actually probably going to be our biggest show yet.
We're not going to have 10,000 people in a room together, but I think you'll see a little bit of this with how we do Gamescom.
We're definitely doing more than just me in a room announcing winners.
I'm really passionate about still doing the show live versus something prerecorded.
So, yeah, we're working on some scenarios for ways we can present the show live with a bit of a spectacle to people without the public being able to buy tickets to come to the show and things like that this year.
You know, and I have to admit, like I, I don't think the show is going to lose that much without having the audience there live.
In fact, in some ways, I kind of think that might be a detract from the show right now.
So, I kind of think when they have to just focus on the nominees, the game announcements, the creators that will undoubtedly be there on Zoom and so forth, I think it could be a very interesting show this year.
So, we'll see.
Some comments from our Twitch chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network.
Black Compat says, I'm interested to see what will be in the categories this year for the Game Awards.
That's true because they do tend to mix up the categories.
Are they going to maybe do something that relates to this whole maybe pandemic situation that we're in like best game to play in 2020 in the state of the world and it's Jackbox Party Pack Part Six, Jackbox Party Pack Part Five, Jackbox Party Pack Part Four, and so on.
Bobby says, it's really just about the game announcements. Now the good thing is if they need less money they can spend more time on the awards. There is that too. So, yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm curious to see what this looks like in virtual form.
You know, and this kind of came up when we were talking about conventions and it was really on Bobby's show, because he was kind of talking about missing the in person conventions and there was a, there was a discussion that was happening in chat about how, you know,
some people hoped that maybe the virtual convention idea stays around forever.
And I think ultimately we all know you know we talked about what is the new normal. What is this world going to look like when we finally get to the other side of COVID and you know some some people say and reasonably so COVID will probably never go away.
But we'll just get it under control like measles is a good example measles is not eradicated measles is still on this planet, but generally you don't have a problem with measles in the US because most people get vaccinated for it, and we reasonably have that disease
under control. Hopefully that's where we get COVID to. But what does our new normal look like as a result of that and I know I've said on this show before, I think masks and wearing masks when you're sick and that I think we're going to see.
I think we're going to see this country at least certain parts of this country big cities, because we all know there's people that are pushing back on masks. I'm not going to go there, but I think I think generally in the big cities, you're going to see us
kind of picking up some cultural norms that have been done in Asia for a long time is that when people are sick and they're on the subway they're wearing a fucking mask, because people are going to own all these masks now.
So, you know, I kind of think that will be around. But also, when to get to the point.
I think some of the ways that we've adopted the virtual world, just like it's going to change our corporate jobs I think many more people are going to work from home now that they've proven they can do it.
I think that's going to change the culture significantly not everybody's I can affect everybody at every job, but I think there are many organizations that are going to adopt more work at home.
But I also think this idea of how do we blend the virtual with the in person. I think we're going to see a lot of that. After this, you know, most people know how to use zoom in this country after this point, which is a weird thing to think about but they
they use zoom with schools they use zooms with work they use zoom with meetings, most, and whatever, insert Microsoft Teams Discord whatever you're using to video chat with people.
That's going to be embedded in our culture so I just I kind of feel like whatever virtual form the game awards ends up taking this year. There may be a taste of that in future game awards.
If that makes sense.
Michael I've talked for a lot on that do I co host have any thoughts on that.
I've seen already happening.
How so.
Well, just that because we are looking at, you know, you get more people saying, Oh, when do I tune into this online, you know, for example, we have a lot of that, or, you know, people just assuming already that it's not going to be an in person event.
But mines are already leaning in that direction.
And, you know, and I'm even, you know, just in talking to other people's like, Oh, I think I have a cold let me grab my mask.
You know, I am seeing that a lot more often so it's happening. Yeah.
And then some comments from our chat over twitch.tv slash vog network as she says, I can foresee cons and fests offering a digital only pass where you can see streamed panels from the show archive things and some interactive stuff.
I can totally see that happening from this point on. It's just a revenue stream that can't be ignored. The only problem is infrastructure due to stream stuff from these events.
Yeah, and you know even dragon con had the dragon con TV pass you could buy I think you had to still like they only sold it to people that actually attended dragon con Bobby correct me if I'm wrong but I feel like that was the thing.
But I feel like maybe after this year. They, they may kind of have something a little more open with the I mean, obviously, nothing is going to be able to totally replace that being in the same room being there and all that.
But I think this is really going to make us think about what can we also offer for the people who don't want to, or can't.
And I kind of feel like that might get enhanced a little bit moving forward, we'll see. We'll see.
All right.
Let's move on. Anyway, I spent a lot of time on this topic. Let's move on. And Bobby Blackfield says dragon con TV never broadcast live on the internet. The on demand stuff was just repeats, and that's why they only sold it to the people that went anyway that's or I'm adding that part.
And that makes sense. So, and DJ rama SS current infrastructure and most hotels and convention centers cannot handle high bandwidths of streaming content.
I don't disagree with that. But I think due to all this.
I don't think that is going to be an excuse that these convention centers can have much longer. They're going to have to get with the times and get that type of bandwidth, and I understand easier said than done.
You can never totally foresee the amount and so on and so on but I do feel like this is something that that industry is going to struggle with and have to work with as we move back.
Anyway, I do want to move on for time sake but some great great comments, a dark soccer What do we have next.
Well, um, there is going to be another adaption for Resident Evil, but it's another live action series and it's going to be on Netflix.
It was announced that it will be focused on the Wesker kids so I guess referring to Albert Wesker who's like, you know, one of the main bad guys.
I understand that the first season will have eight one hour episodes it's actually written by one of the writers for Supernatural, Andrew Dabin, and the first two episodes will be directed by Bronwyn Hughes who did some walking dead and Breaking Bad.
I don't know how I feel about it, just because I wish that they would go back and do something, you know, more based directly off of the games and not just like these little side stories.
I mean, but they have to do they have to do to make money off of it I guess.
But Resident Evil really is seeing this resurgence with all the game remake so it only, you know, stands to reason they try to you know milk that cow a little bit more.
Yeah, and maybe, maybe doing the story like this kind of helps the series not get compared to the games, you know what I mean, like it's like, oh, they didn't do it that way because they did it in the games they got it wrong, like it's going to kind of avoid that
by doing a separate story so that may be part of it right yeah but but at the same time I mean, we've got like two different continuity is now.
Well, I'll be perfectly honest the things that I always enjoyed outside of the games were those CG movies that they did like degeneration.
Those were fun. I love those.
I actually I think I'm funny the first one of those that I watched was simply because it had on it's doing the soundtrack in it and I ended up loving the movie.
So,
I don't know, I mean, I don't really have a lot of hopes I didn't, you know, watch many of the movies past like a couple of them.
So I don't really have a lot of notion preconceived notion for this one, although you know I love Supernatural so I like most of the writing for Supernatural so I am really looking forward to seeing if that same writing prowess, you know translates
over to Resident Evil fairly well. I'm also very sad about this being the last season of Supernatural, I'm a little bitter, a little.
It's been it's had a hell of a run they've been doing it 15 years they're allowed to retire.
So, with Resident Evil though the Netflix, you know, video game stuffs really been hitting it out of the park recently between The Witcher and Castlevania, so I can see, you know, and we this subject has come up on the show before how it seems like there's
just like this avalanche of gaming content about to be released because of the success of those things, such as we know there's a Final Fantasy 14 series in the works there's, there's plenty of other stuff to that it's just escaping me in the moment.
There's lots of stuff that's in the works and I think Resident Evil is just the first one where it's like, oh, now we're seeing a picture of a script we're seeing some other details like the it's happening like that, you know, this is this is for real real now not just talk.
Yeah, I don't know I, I'm gonna, I'd like to just with just about anything these days I, I would rather reserve my judgment that be super disappointed. Yeah, fair enough.
All right, let's move on to our next story Loki.
All right.
So let's talk a little bit about Fall Guys, because that is a very popular game nowadays in fact it's so popular it's the most downloaded PlayStation Plus game ever.
I played a little today, and lost on the second level, but I played a little.
Yeah, I mean I'm sure a lot of that was because it was, you know, free obviously PlayStation Plus and everything but it's very popular.
And then, of course, you know with season two right around the corner I'm sure it's just gonna become more popular.
Of course, as most popular things are.
They are modded into other games and so because of that, you know, the common games you would see mods for like Skyrim for example has a fallout or fall fall guys followers mod that you can get which is looks hilarious.
And then of course there's also some Resident Evil three mods that allow you.
It's called a jelly bean turns Jill Carlos and nemesis into beans.
It looks pretty silly. So, I'm gonna have to definitely check out the one for Skyrim. Yeah, sounds funny.
I would like to see you remember that mod that allows you to like roll 10,000 cabbages down a hill. How about 10,000 fall guys.
10,000 cabbages that's not even a mod that's just just a game you can just spawn that stuff in.
I'd like to see 10,000 fall guys falling down the hill will be fun. Sounds good. All right.
Lastly, before we get to wrapping things up tonight. Bobby Black Wolf, are you out there you paying attention because I've got a story for you. And this is going to definitely be a game of the year contender for you.
Okay, there's a little bit of an inside joke here that is really been beaten into the ground over the past few years. But how about one more inside joke for Nino Cooney because Nino Cooney, they just announced this week is going to be getting an MMO.
It's called Nino Cooney cross worlds, and I do I feel like the story, maybe Bobby Black Wolf inspired because wait till you hear this in the game now, Nino Cooney explores like the link between worlds that's what this is about.
But in this game you are going to be a VR game beta tester.
That's right, VR is part of the plot you pay attention Bobby.
I've already lost interest, but this game, you just well the game itself isn't VR but it's part of the story. So you are playing the role of a VR game beta tester and you discover the world of the VR game is real.
Right, it's kinda, it's kinda dot hack like that. I was just about to say that. So anyway, it's only been confirmed for Japanese iOS and Android phones, but I'm sure our pal Bobby would appreciate it if you would start your hashtag campaigns to ensure that we get an English and localized release for this game as well.
There's no exact date or anything like that. But, I mean, it does look, it looks not it looks pretty.
I only think it's kind of disappointing because I'm like wow, this is so pretty I'd want to play it on a console, but okay the mobile phones get to have good things once in a while, and again if it's designed for mobile phones, it might not be such a bad mobile
phone game. Games that are designed with the phone in mind tend to do all right so I'm curious. We will see. Anyway, what's that, Rob. There are really beautiful people who are garbage inside their hearts.
It looks pretty is not an indication of how good that game is going to be. That, that is, that is very true. Yeah, yeah, just saying research your judgment don't get too excited.
Yeah, that's true. There's a very, especially this year. I don't know, it's like everyone 2020 all I was like, shut up about politics Rob shut up about politics Rob show up about okay I can't help myself.
Okay, so like, what's her name, the ex wife of Gavin Newsom that gave that speech, where she looked like she was Madonna and Evita going.
Like if I was actually more thinking of Ivanka.
If she's a very, she's a very pretty, pretty smart person if I pass garbage, if I pass them on the street, I would be like she's really pretty. I bet that's a great wig.
Your makeup is beautiful.
But, you know. All right, anyway. Oh, let's get some comments from Bobby Blackwell.
Bobby Blackwell for saying I Nino Cooney trying too hard. Stay in Japan.
Hashtag say Nino to Nino Cooney MMO in America.
Say Nino nice to Nino Cooney that's a good one Bobby.
You had to know that was coming for 12345 stories, so you marinating on that one.
I love it. All right. Anyhow, let's move on. It's time for the listener roundtable if you guys have any questions, ask away in our chat anything that we have or maybe haven't talked about yet tonight on the show, please feel free to pop that in our chat room over twitch.tv slash vog network.
We would also take this opportunity to check our mailbag every week you guys can email us participate at orange lounge radio.com, but I believe in checking with postmaster dark Sakura, who's a better postmaster than the one that's running the you anyway, the mailbag is empty right.
Yeah. All right, bummer. Well maybe next week participate at orange lounge radio.com. However, I will take this opportunity to mention we had a comment over at vog network.com on last week's show.
But before I get to that comment I think Loki you have an obligation to have to step away right.
Yes I do refrigerator drama. All right. Oh boy, well the garage that needs to be in the kitchen. All right, we have to replace our refrigerator soon so it'll be my turn next probably.
All right, well I hope everything's okay. Did you have any last minute, or I'm sorry not last sorry. Do you have any final thoughts for our listeners tonight.
No, just have a good week. I'll see you in a few weeks. Oh yeah, we'll see you in two weeks Loki, thank you and good luck with refrigerator drama.
Right.
All right. And then it was just me and dark soccer here on discord the discord image will fix itself in a moment here, but I do want to read this comment here from e three v l because you can leave comments over at vog network.com on episodes, and I haven't
always been great about reading those on air, but since we've tried to consolidate the roundtable a little bit it reminds me to check on that. So I will point out e three v l commented on the last episode fall guys is free on PS plus, as long as you have a subscription,
you must claim it by the end of the month so yeah time is running out on that by the way and I think I saw in chat over twitch.tv slash vog network black compat said, haven't downloaded it yet but plan to and yeah I would get on that my friend, because he
had tomorrow I think is the last day you're gonna be able to grab that. So, get out because, yeah, I don't know if they expected fall guys to do as well as it has. So it's only going to be a matter of time before they want to start charging money for that again
so, but thank you for that e three v l and also of importance, e three v l gives their Animal Crossing new horizons island dream code for us to visit, potentially on the next episode of Animal Crossing lounge radio, which I need to check and make sure nobody else
is using that title I just figured why would anyone use Animal Crossing lounge radio, you would do you do you remember my spin off show courthouse.
Yeah. Did you know that at one point I considered calling that show Warcraft lounge radio.
And you know what, what another another show started the week before courthouse did called Warcraft lounge radio. I don't know if there's, I don't know if they're still going on what we don't we don't own the patent on lounge radio.
They can do it was a fine. It was a fine show I have nothing negative to say about it is one of those I hope nobody beat us to it. Yeah. Anyway, maybe some, maybe somebody, maybe Tiger claws looking right now maybe.
I don't know who knows. Anyway, act deft in talking about the refrigerator issues that Loki is having says if only it were easy to move stuff like an Animal Crossing, everything turns into a leaf.
That's right, except with my luck I'd keep picking the wrong thing. Like I would be trying to pick up this desk and I tried to pick it up and then all of a sudden I just pulled the posters down from the wall.
So, anyway.
Bobby Blackwell says Google has no results for Warcraft lounge radio. Well, they might have pod faded they, this was, you know, courthouse was 2012, so it'd be pretty impressive if they were still going but I really don't know what about Animal Crossing
lounge radio. That's the one I, by the way.
You might be interested to know that I finally on Facebook retired the game archive to the danger squad group.
Oh, that's kind of sad that was our old Warcraft Guild.
I understand, I understand why you archive did I was like 10 years ago we were all rating there but it's always, it's always a moment of, oh, you know, you know what else I found, what's that I found the the thing that that.
Why can I not remember his nickname. Now, well quickly.
Bobby with a follow up saying the only results for Animal Crossing lounge radio is what came up on vog is vog stuff from our one episode we did so yay.
Slidekick. I do not know why I cannot remember his nickname because I was thinking of the drag name. He's also first mate slide kick on game buoy although their episodes have been unfortunately very sporadic in the pandemic but we understand.
Well, we had an idea for doing a comic. And I think you might remember this called Hills Brad blues.
And I just found all the, all the renders I pulled like you know five year old renders.
And the first panel of the comic we did.
We kind of flew by it at the top of the show but one of the things that was announced at that Gamescom event was that the official date for shadow lands the next Warcraft expansion is out which is October 27 I believe these are 27th in Europe, but I think
because of time zones it's actually like the, the 26th in the evening here, but we we have a general date for when that's coming out.
I, I don't know if it's gonna get me to play though, yeah, and that's where my head's at is that like I, I think I'm kind of done with wow but I don't know then if I, then I'm going to hear everybody, because I had that show Horde house.
I made a lot of Warcraft community friends. I went to BlizzCon and and did one of the pre events, years ago and I had a great time and I still have many friends I made in that community are just good people.
And I feel like when they all start lying about it on Twitter. It's gonna make me want to go.
Yes, it's FOMO right.
And I'll be honest, the biggest thing that really pushed me away from playing well from really enjoying it was the shit they pulled with Sylvanas, and I'm like, I'm done. Yeah, done. Yeah.
No more. I cannot stand it. As much as I freaking love that, you know, I had all this fun Illidan stuff and I was really getting into it I was so happy. And then they fucked over Sylvanas.
Yeah, and took away my demon elf husband. It was, it was really weird how they handled her story so I don't know I guess I'm gonna wait and see but I also feel like one MMO is really truly enough and you know FOMO SC 14 is just kind of where I'm at.
Do you know how many I might be. I'm still considering Star Trek online.
That's fun. Yeah, I, um, the folks that were with a starboard power coupling I know that show hasn't been out in a while but it was, it was a show here at vogue for a while.
Can Dr. Ken plays that game still pretty regularly I think and enjoys it so I made some really good friends, because when I was playing it I was super unemployed are fun employed.
And so I was playing late night and so most people I played with were in the UK and I'm still really good friends with a couple of people that that I played with a good architect friend lives in Edinburgh, so it's pretty fun.
Um, question in our chat.
Fat Ninja DM in chat asks, will you guys and gals be playing New World when it releases next year that is the Amazon MMO that they've been working on for forever. So I'm gonna, I'm gonna admit that game was not on my radar.
But I don't know, are they having an open beta or a closed beta something's going on with that game right now because I see people on Twitch streaming it, and one of my friends was streaming it the other night, and I have to say, it wasn't on my radar
but when I watched my friend stream I was like, okay, this looks interesting. I kind of like the way the magic was was kind of neat, like he was his character was up on a hill, and he was launching fireballs like they were bow and arrow down on this other group
of people like literally raining fire on them. And I was like, okay, that's like you know yes in Warcraft you also rain fire on people but it doesn't, it doesn't have that same feel that like of like oh there's like physics involved in this, this whole thing.
So, it kind of looked neat, I have to admit, my, my curiosity was not piqued until I saw it being played on Twitch, which happens right Twitch has been a great way to sample games right.
I really don't care about it.
And the big reason I don't care about it is because I don't want to care about it.
Right now, I have so much on my plate and such a backlog and I really want to get into more familiar territory with some of the games that I'm playing just things that are fun to me, and I don't really want to try anything super new in that respect that makes sense.
It does. It's like when you eat the same thing for lunch every day because it's really good and it makes you happy. Yeah, I'm doing I'm in the same game. I get that but, and, and probably you know it's not just because it's not Animal Crossing because I've got other games that I'm playing I have other things I'm looking forward to.
But I don't want to dip my toes into another MMO universe when I'm not doing any MMOs right now.
There's also and there's a big difference between the commitment for like an MMO, and the commitment for a game that like I recommended to you earlier in the show I think telling lies would be something up your alley.
Well, you can you can experience telling lies in like two three hours. You know, I'm not saying you're gonna get, but I think there's a bit there's that level of commitment, and I get that is that like you know I don't I don't have time to get sucked into another
MMO, but you know I do have time for this, this other little this puzzle game I can play in a short burst fall guys I can play for five minutes and be done with it, you know, or whatever it is.
And I can actually do some well on my own, how I got to level at in well by myself remember with anybody without doing a single dungeon.
You know I just did them all by myself, I like.
It's just the thing is that I don't, you know, it was kind of probably have a Final Fantasy 14 at first was that I couldn't just be through the, you know, do stuff in the game by myself and level that way effectively.
It kind of made me do that for the quest lines.
But you know Star Trek online, I could go in and just, you know, if I wanted to just futz around I could just you know take myself over to most of my characters probably still at quarks on Deep Space Nine.
But you know I could was some with something like that I could just sort of, you know, play around in it, you know, have like a good 10 minutes of just exploring doing a couple battles, going to plan it, boom I'm done.
And that was it. I don't really want to involve myself in a new MMO, and have to commit myself to learning its environment learning, it's.
It's a culture, because you know you're in a memo it's gonna have its own culture built into the game if it's any fucking good. So I really don't want to have to expose myself to that quite yet when there are other MMOs that I have enjoyed in the past
that I could be revisiting if I wanted to, which I do not.
And SJ100Matt has a good comparison here in chat saying it's like starting a new TV series with five plus seasons that you haven't seen, but everyone has seen it's a large commitment.
There are some shows you can't just have in the background that you have to focus on like Game of Thrones.
And yeah, like that's that's a great like it's very, it's very easy for me to say okay you know what, I can binge the Castlevania anime because there's only well now there's three seasons but there's one season and like six episodes.
I can do that. But yeah, when you start to get and this happens to me all the time is that like, even a show that I really enjoy like The Good Place and Shane is always saying when are you gonna finish that when are you gonna finish that it's like my backlog
keeps getting bigger and bigger I just don't know when I'm going to be able to do it but then some other smaller show will sneak in it's like oh yeah I binge it because it was only a couple hours.
So, it just just kind of depends on what you have room for at the time.
So, all right, well on that note I think we're going to wrap things up for the night and I will say, thank you for taking the time to work Orange Launch Radio into your week, whether you joined us here live on Sunday night, or you're listening to our podcast at some point
throughout the week on a platform like iTunes, Spotify, Google Podcasts, wherever it is that you listen to podcasts. Thank you so much for choosing Orange Launch Radio to fill quite a bit of your time, more than the normal podcast this week, but we make no apologies for the length of our show it's the way it's always been.
So thank you so much for checking us out. If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Launch Radio, please tell a friend or two about the show help us spread the word, because we are the show where every gamer has a voice but we need the voices to be here to help put them out on air.
A nice five star review on a site like iTunes or wherever it is you found this show goes a long way. Auto hosts for VOG Network on Twitch really go a long way.
Thank you to those you I wish I had a list that still showed me who did that Twitch took that away a while ago so I don't know who's hosting, but I will just say thank you if you are one of the people that does that we really really appreciate it.
On that note, I think we'll wrap things up, remember programming note we will not be here next week, due to virtual dragon con and the Labor Day holiday. I hope all of you out there in the states have a wonderful Labor Day holiday.
If you're somewhere else I hope you have a wonderful weekend whatever it is you're doing this weekend. Please be safe. Remember just because you're done with COVID doesn't mean COVID is done with you.
Please continue to wear your masks, social distance. Let's get through this we have some hopefully promising things that are going to help, such as this rapid test that's all up in the news these past couple days.
It's not going to fix it but it's going to help and hopefully we'll continue to make progress over the next few months but we've got to wear our masks. We've got a social distance and keep following the rules, so please keep that in mind.
Speaking of masks. Yeah. Did you see Lady Gaga's horn mask.
It's beautiful and I want one everyone I didn't have to show me that if you want to make wearing a mask interesting.
Do stuff to it. Keep it effective.
But go to town, make everybody think, Oh, gosh, this person is fashionable I want to be like them. I hated the idea of masks at first because I didn't like the idea of Heidi I mean I wore them for scientific reasons only, but I've warmed up to them a lot
because now I'm like, Oh, you can get masks that are fun and festive. It's kind of like underwear but it's like everybody can see it.
Underwear that's fun to wear. Yeah, exactly. Except it's like, over where I was.
I was having a chat with somebody at Oto's the other day is the local Japanese market.
And we were just talking about how they become like our fashion accessories here. I was like, Well, I mean, and and you know I'd already adapted, not, not like doing this like as a bow I did this earlier before everybody, but I had adopted wearing masks at work
if I had a cold or I was sick because I get sinus infection so often, but I wouldn't know if it was a sinus infection or if I had a cold or if I had the flu or something.
So for me, I always had these charcoal masks at my desk that I pick up a die so in a box, so that I was sick, I didn't get somebody else.
And right when everything started going on right before I got pneumonia. People were like, I heard you have masks, I heard you have masks, I'm like,
Bobby black, I hate wearing a bra.
Bobby black open chat says, I look at it kind of like ties, you can have fun ties if you have to wear a suit, I hate wearing a suit so wearing a fun tie makes it tolerable.
Same way with masks. Yes, I wear my mask I promise. So yeah, it's a little fun little fun to be had. All right, anyway, let's get our final thoughts.
I just say don't be a mass commando. Yeah, I'm dark soccer final thought tonight.
Party words for our listeners this week.
Two weeks old hot dog and it was amazing and also, I ordered you a thing.
I ordered you a thing yes I did. It's going to take a while to arrive. That's because of where I ordered it from, but I will give you a clue if you want to try to guess what it is.
Okay.
Um, I could go for the obvious and tell you that it is okay.
She's your favorite.
Atlantis.
No.
One of my favorites, one of my favorites, maybe it's just you brought up Gaga earlier maybe it's Gaga.
All right, not a living person.
Okay, interesting.
Okay. All right. All right. We'll see. We'll see. All right.
All right. Okay. Um, so that's, that's that we're all wrapped up for the night. My final thought would be, I kind of I guess I already kind of said it the whole thing I just said a minute ago is stay safe with with COVID and all that I don't need to
repeat myself. So, yeah, we'll see you in two weeks, I hope to see many of you at virtual dragon con. Please do consider participating will be hosting that here at vog network all weekend but of course, you can find all the programming for the track
that we're that I'll be on and Bobby will be on. You can see that at DC digital media on Twitch that I'll be on that channel, or you can check out all the other programming for the general con they're going to have some celebrity panels and things like that over
at dragon con.org their official discord and all that.
Have a great week everybody we will be back in two weeks.
We may do a pop up show though, especially if if we get major announcements from Microsoft Sony or Nintendo, because we are expecting that whole price and day.
That could be coming at any time. So if we do get something in the next week we may do a pop up show, so stay tuned for that all the latest on our Twitter at LR, and of course here on Twitch at vog network.
All right, that's it I'm going to shut up and roll the credits. Have a wonderful two weeks everybody. Thank you dark soccer. Thank you Loki. Thank you everybody in chat for being here tonight.
Have a wonderful two weeks.
Good night. Thank you. Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios. To join us for a live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
