I have fond memories of seeing SNK MVS cabinets in arcades, reading the cards for the list
of games and then jamming the switch game button to see if it's accurate.
Unico's MVSX classic system tickles my fancy in a way that modded cabinets never did, with
all the benefits of an LCD instead of a CRT and the optional stand speaks to its dramatically
increased portability due to weight alone.
This is just my opinion, but I know that your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Sommers, and Loki
also lived in the era of SNK proliferation, and they'll opine about this too, starting
right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are back again live tonight with episode number 832
of our show for this August the 16th of 2020.
My name is Rob Roberts and joining me tonight is Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi Loki, how are you doing?
I'm doing good.
Awesome.
Not joining us tonight, DarkSakura or Jamie Sommers, she has the night off, but her presence
in the show lives on through that awesome new theme song.
If you haven't heard OLR in a while, we changed some things up a few months ago.
So that great new theme song by DarkSakura.
She'll be back next week with us live.
But I am joined by Techmaster Loki and all those of you in our chat over at twitch.tv
slash vog network or the voice geeks network, VOG network, because we do tape live every
Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Blackwolf
show at twitch.tv slash vog network.
I just said it.
Anyhow, how are you doing, Loki?
You had a good week?
Yeah, it's been all right.
It is extremely hot this weekend.
I think a lot of the country is going through this, especially the West Coast.
But I'm here where the show is based in Sacramento, California.
I believe the temperature today was one hundred and nine.
It was more probably more than that.
I was like one hundred and twelve in the shade in my car.
Oh, my God.
Lisa's what said.
And then we had a had a guest appearance apparently in Northern California of a fire tornado.
So that was a thing.
Oh, yeah.
Twenty twenty.
What else is twenty twenty got for us?
We're already having to do this show over discord thanks to that whole pandemic that's
going on that you might have heard of.
And now we have fire tornadoes.
Lovely.
Yeah.
The weather was really crazy today because it was actually raining.
Like we have cloud cover and it was raining, but it is still over one hundred degrees outside.
And I'm like, this is not like usually when the clouds come in and the rain start, that
means you're going to get a lower temperature.
So it's it's weird.
And you know, I'm not I'm not going to say I know everything about meteorology.
Obviously, these types of things happen, but it's just I'm not used to it living here.
So, yeah, we're in a crazy heat wave right now.
I almost chose to do tonight's show with the light off and just sit in the dark and apologize
to the people.
We can do an are you afraid of the dark episode?
Right.
I oh, I could have done the episode by candlelight.
I wish I thought these things beforehand, but the truth is the light is all the way
over there.
It's an LED light.
So it doesn't really do a lot of heat, give off a lot of heat.
Honestly, a candle probably would have given off more heat.
So it's probably OK this way.
It's just, you know, trying to conserve all the electricity because they're really kind
of stressing to us here in California.
You got to conserve electricity because some areas are having rolling blackouts.
We have a government utility that runs things here in Sacramento.
There's a Sacramento municipal utility.
So I'm not as worried about shutoffs and things because they never have problems, but they
have their shit together.
Like you could say what you want about the government, but I've never had problems with
the energy company here.
So I'll actually be sad if I ever move out of city limits and have to go back to a different
company.
So is that we just need a government run Internet company as well so we can get that reliable,
fast Internet for less money than it would cost the third parties.
Some day, some day.
Bobby Blackwell in chat says, fun fact, I recorded my whole show on a camcorder just
off screen for reasons.
I have a feeling I might know what those reasons might be.
And I can't really tell you what they are.
But hey, in a related thing, maybe.
Did you know that Dragon Con is going virtual this year?
There's going to be a virtual Dragon Con event.
So you can actually participate from home and watch different channels that will have
different types of events.
And the good news is, is that the digital media track, which is one of the tracks that
I've worked with in the past, is going to be doing kind of their own like panel schedule
thing like they would do during the convention, except it's going to be all virtual and it's
going to be on Twitch.
And I'm going to be on three of the panels over the weekend.
So there and actually one of them is during OLR.
So in in the gray, that's going to be some multitasking you're doing there.
Well, I figured in the great tradition of the past seven years since we've never done
a show Labor Day weekend anyway, why should this year be any different?
So we'll probably just not do a show that night.
And I don't know.
I don't know if Bobby's doing a show that night after all or what, but I already kind
of told him we probably won't just because I'm doing a panel that starts at six o'clock
Pacific.
So, oops.
Well, hopefully they advertise it more than Comic-Con did, because, you know, that did
the same.
They have the same thing with their tracks and everything.
And I didn't know it was even a thing until, like, I think probably was over.
Well, you better believe I'll be blowing shit up on Twitter, pimping on my schedule.
I was hoping there might be something with the video game track, too, but I wasn't reached
out to, which is OK, because I know everything.
I'm not saying like, oh, they should be calling me.
No, everything is crazy this year because it's virtual and they've probably had to come
up with some plan, you know, and I totally understand and I can't wait to see everybody
in person again in 2021, hopefully.
But, you know, I am going to be doing the stuff with the digital media track and I'm
excited about that.
And I was reached out to by another track, too, that I've never worked with before and
I really wanted to do it.
But I don't want to say what it was because I don't want to I don't want to sound disrespectful
or anything, because the reality was I didn't know anything about the subject they wanted
me to do.
But it doesn't have to do a gaming, it doesn't have to do a broadcasting.
Think really hard for those of you that listen to orange entree over the years.
There's some other things that I do on the weekend and I haven't done them this year
because of covid.
But think really hard.
You might be able to piece it together and but they were really cool about it.
They were like, oh, thank you for being honest, because, you know, I'm sure there's a lot
of people that are like, oh, sure, I'll just fake it.
I'll fake it and do a good job.
And we don't want to watch that panel where the person is faking it.
So out of respect to the panel, I said I wasn't going to do it.
So all right, S.S.U. 100 Matt in chat says the food track.
I knew it.
I wish there was a food track.
That would be awesome.
I don't think there is a food track now.
There should be a food track.
I mean, there are food trucks that are parked near the convention and they certainly have.
Actually, I will say over the over the seven, eight years, I've literally lost count.
I think this would have been year eight had I gone.
I guess I am going.
I'm going digitally, whatever.
So out of the eight years I've been going to Dragon Con, the first couple of years,
I don't remember them having food so accessible in the hotels.
But the hotels really wised up.
They got vendors like Papa John's, which say what you will about their pizza.
But when it's drunk and they're close by, you really don't care.
You know, they're there within the hotels.
My absolute favorite thing in the world, this would be the last Dragon Con thing I say and
then we can get into video game news.
My absolute favorite thing in the world is the alcohol ice cream.
So they actually sell ice cream that has alcohol in it.
And it's it's outstanding.
And I'm sure Bobby will shout the name of the vendor because I can't remember it off
top my head.
But they started showing up two years ago and they've been there.
And I think it's it's brilliant.
And I love their ice cream.
And it's a great thing to kind of just take down with you.
And I'm just eating ice cream.
Everybody teehee.
Oh, Bobby can't remember their name in the moment either.
Well, that's OK.
This Ben to Dragon Con will know what I'm talking about.
But yeah, stay tuned for Dragon Con.
Speaking of events going virtual, I want to make sure a plug goes out for this and then
we'll get into tonight's kickoff topic.
So Loki, I'll have you take care of the kickoff topic here in a moment.
But Summer Games Done Quick just kicked off today.
And I know a lot of you guys watched that event as well as the awesome Games Done Quick
event in January.
Awesome event.
It's not just a clever name for charity.
They raise a lot of money doing a lot of speed runs.
And usually we're kind of sitting here just kind of like going, oh, what a great event.
We watch it.
We're fans.
We partake.
We might donate if we're able to and so forth.
But very little do we actually get involved.
Last year, our voiceover guy, Jason, got involved.
I think it was last year.
Sorry, Jason, if I'm I'm cutting that short, it might have been two years ago.
But last year, Jason got involved being doing things on site with the Games Done Quick event.
And that was really cool to hear about.
And I think he came on the show at one point and was talking to us a little bit about that.
This year, VOG Network's own Bobby Blackwolf on Before Us here at the VoiceGeeks Network
is actually going to be one of the hosts, is what they call them, announcers, voiceover
folks, while the speed run for Devil May Cry 4 is going on on Wednesday night at 11 o'clock
Eastern, 8 Pacific.
I hope I got that right.
Don't be mad if I'm not.
Bobby Blackwolf is actually going to be the guy that reads donations now and again when
the speed runners ask him to do so.
My understanding is this is a pretty tight speed run.
There's probably not going to be a lot, a lot of donations and so forth that are able
to be read.
But I think it's really cool that Bobby's getting that opportunity to like jump in there
and be in there.
So I know I plan to watch just to support Bobby, but also to support the awesome charity
and the speed runners that really make this event possible.
And if you do decide to donate, make sure your donation isn't about VOG Network or Bobby.
We can dish about that over here on Sunday night when it's over.
Make sure your donations about the speed runner or about the charity.
If you want, you can do like host choice.
That's a nice little way to let Bobby have a little bit of power if you want.
But yeah, don't spam chat with VOG Network.
That's silly.
Don't do that stuff, please.
Please make it about the charity, which is Doctors Without Borders if you hadn't heard.
And what a time to do that, because, you know, even though it's looking like we will have
a vaccine of some sort in 2021, fingers crossed, toast crossed, et cetera, the news is looking
very good there, right?
The reality is, even though our country, the U.S., will get the vaccine, Canada will get
the vaccine, UK, I'm sure, will get the vaccine and so on and so on.
Many industrialized nations around the world will get the vaccine.
COVID is still going to be a thing on our planet because there's going to be a lot of
nations that aren't going to be able to get that vaccine for their people as fast.
But an organization like Doctors Without Borders can help treat sick people and so forth in
these countries.
And I mean, they were on the front lines and things like Ebola and SARS and things are
happening too.
So it's a great charity to support because the reality is and all the experts have said
this COVID-19 is not going away.
We're not going to eradicate it from the planet.
Hopefully, fingers, toast crossed, we eradicate it from our nation like Ebola, right?
We don't hear about that anymore, but Ebola is still a thing.
You hear about a breakout now and then in some country and so forth, and that may be
the story for COVID-19.
So anyway, Bobby actually says this is the first year that Doctors Without Borders operated
in the U.S.
They were in New York a few months ago.
So during when New York was the epicenter of the COVID thing.
Bobby also says the time is likely to change.
It was originally 10 p.m. Eastern, but now it's like 1130 Eastern.
And that just happens as you know, I think they had a little tech kick up this morning
and I'm sure some speed runs run longer, shorter, whatever happens there.
So times are fluid.
That's why my brain was going, I'm not sure this is right.
Yeah, because I was hearing a couple of times.
That's why.
All right.
Just check the website.
Look at the schedule there.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, that's a good way to stay on top of it.
I'm sure Bobby's going to send out a tweet or something.
And also our Discord is a great place to be over at vognetwork.com, vognetwork.com slash
Discord.
We'll get you into our Discord server.
That's a great place to be as well.
And if you want, I'm pretty sure we'll do this as well as while Bobby is actually doing
the games done quick, we'll probably host it.
I haven't talked to him about this.
I don't know if this is a faux pas, but we'll probably host it so that our chat can say
whatever we want about, yay, Bobby and all that stuff in our chat, the VOG network chat.
But I don't know if that might be frowned on because maybe Summer Games wants the viewers.
I don't know.
But as long as they're, as long as y'all are donating that, okay, Bobby says, yes, I was
going to host it.
Phew.
Okay.
So we'll host it on the VOG network channel when he's going.
So that'll be great.
Okay.
Cool.
And they like hosts.
Yay.
Because it is about the charity at the end of the day.
So let's get into some news.
There's some big news that happened this week.
And this is a big one.
A lot of people on social media are watching because I think we on social media are being
recruited for this effort.
Aren't we, Loki?
What's going on?
Well, of course, because they have to get all the kiddies to, you know, blindly advocate
for them.
billionaire company, Epic Games, had made some updates to Fortnite's client in iOS and
Android.
And they added a direct payment option that was cheaper on those devices.
So what they basically did is surpassed the normally required processes through their
respective app stores where both Apple and Google take a cut of that.
That's how they make their money.
And so Epic complained about it before and whined about it.
And I think even if I remember correctly, like at one point, they're like, well, we're
not even going to put it on the Androids or the Google Play Store because we don't like
that.
So they had their own separate launcher and then it was kind of a pain to get it installed
on your device or like paying for your target audience.
I believe throughout all this separate launcher is still there.
Yeah, so now they of course, they were integrated into those stores.
And so now they added this direct pay option, which definitely goes against the, you know,
rules to be on those storefronts.
And so immediately, as they probably expected, because they definitely planned all this,
they were booted off of the Epic Games Store, or I'm sorry, off of the iOS store and also
the Google Play Store.
And then of course, they put out this ridiculous parody video of like one of the old Apple
commercials talk, you know, basically calling, you know, Apple, this very, this controlling
entity for their store, which be honest, it's their storefront, they can do whatever they
want.
They can make the rules.
I don't necessarily like that there's an open option, whereas on Android, if you don't want
to use the Google Play Store, there's other options, but it's not necessarily as preferable.
And there's stuff you have to do to sideload all that.
Two things.
One, the commercial was a direct parody of a 1984 style commercial that Apple did way
back in the day.
I don't know if it was Olympics or Super Bowl or something like that, but it was an ad that
they did to try to kind of announce that, you know, Apple was coming and it was coming
for the dominant IBM machines at the time.
Although I seem to recall Commodore 64 was still a thing in 84 and all this other stuff.
So my history is a little blurry there, but I know it is a direct parody of an Apple Macintosh
commercial, like shot for shot.
Like Bobby had a whole side by side on his show that went, I didn't realize how close
to the original it really was until he played that shot for shot.
But number two, I must admit, I expected you to come out guns a blazing on Epic's side
with this.
But you definitely-
Oh, I'm not going to take the side of a billionaire company, I'm sorry.
I'm just a little, I'm a little surprised, but I'm pleasantly surprised.
Why should they get, why should they get an exception to the rule when all the other
smaller developers have to pay that same fee?
I'm sorry.
No big company don't get special treatment.
So you know, I think it's stupid.
But anyways, they're of course filing a lawsuit against those two companies, which is already
drawn up.
So obviously all this was already planned out.
And of course at the same time, they also have a hashtag that they want you to go on
social media and complain to Apple and Google that, oh, we need to go our launcher away.
I mean, it's absolutely ridiculous.
First off, please don't do that.
I mean, I would respect our listeners enough to know that they're smart enough to know
not to advocate for corporations.
You don't need to advocate for a company that is literally, they're literally fighting over
money when they make billions and billions and billions of dollars, and they will continue
to make billions and billions and billions of dollars after all this is done too.
Please do not feel the need to advocate for them.
They are big boys.
They can handle themselves.
So it's just ridiculous to try to throw some bad press away just to try to get their way.
What's Epic doing?
They're not playing fair either.
I mean, they're the ones they're paying for exclusives and stuff on their platform to
try to get people to go to the Epic game store.
Yeah, they're offering a discount for developers that go on there.
That's great.
If you want to take that, cool.
But they're also not playing fair with other things.
So it's ridiculous to think that they're like some white knight of the gaming industry.
They're not.
And I just think this whole thing is ridiculous.
I'm a little stunned because I find I pretty much agree with Loki and I don't have a lot
to add.
This is a pleasant change.
I mean, I know y'all like the debate and you tune in for that.
But yeah, that I here's the thing.
I don't consider that I'm like completely against Epic in this situation.
I do understand some of the concerns, but don't think for a minute that Epic isn't trying
to weaponize social media for their own purposes.
And I think that is shady shade.
That is, it's really, and it's transparent as fuck because they had that commercial ready
to go.
They strong arm this move ready to go.
They had that legal paperwork ready to go.
This was a calculated plan.
For what?
I'm going to tell you what.
You know what else is ready to go?
The Epic game store on iOS.
Mark my words, timestamp this episode because if Epic wins this legal thing and Apple has
to allow like other competing stores or whatever on because it's part of, it's part of, it's
not as much in the big thing, but they do reference it like the having the game store
or whatever.
If this whole, if the courts end up signing with Epic, Epic will have their own game store
up on iOS the next day.
Why?
Because they want to undercut Apple.
And anything, and also, and even if you, and I understand there's people that are very,
very pro Apple.
There's people that are very, very anti Apple, but anything I'm saying Apple in this case
also applies to Google.
They are one in this, in this case, they are one in the same.
There are other things about those stores that are very much, not the same like the
cloud gaming, but with this, this particular Fortnite case, it's really the same thing
on both sides.
So if, if the courts end up siding with Epic the next day, the Epic game store is going
to be available on iOS.
The Epic game store is going to be available on Google play.
And the Epic game store is going to immediately undercut that 30% fee.
That's going to be the very first thing that they do.
Okay, fine.
I understand competition's good, but you know what Epic's going to do?
They can go ahead and do that already though.
They can literally build their own storefront on Android and just put it out there.
Granted, you have to sideload it into your device, but they could literally do that.
That, I mean, look at the, um, you know, they have the Amazon storefront for awhile, the
Amazon app store and not as popular, but I mean, it's definitely, it's a thing that
they could do.
I, I don't understand.
They could already go ahead and do that.
It's just, they want to have like their launcher available on the Google play store and they
also want to not pay the fee.
I'm sorry.
You can't be on a store.
You have to play by the rules, you know, in order to be on their storefront.
That's just the way it is.
And so if you don't play by the rules and you can't be on there, I'm telling you, this
is what's going to happen next after that.
Because what is the other big thing in Epic's pocket right now is that they, they run a
massively popular engine to write video games in.
So how easy is it going to be for them to, in their own game publishing system, one touch
published to the Epic game store on mobile devices.
And now that game is available in their game store, but there'll be some type of exclusivity
agreement or whatever the financial situation, whatever's going to be better.
Who's who's now, who's got the dominating part of the market.
Now who's trying to control it.
And I'm telling you, this is Epic's big plan.
I am telling you, this is what they want.
And I don't even have to sit in the boardroom to know this.
So I can understand why people want to needle Apple and Google on the way some of their
stores are locked down.
And especially like the cloud gaming thing, which I do think Google and Apple are going
to need to, well, Google already has, I'm sorry, Apple needs to relent on the cloud
gaming thing a little bit.
They're going to need to treat the cloud gaming like Netflix, like Spotify, like Twitch.
They don't, they don't moderate all of the content here.
If you're watching on your iOS device, this stream right now, Apple didn't review it.
You know what I mean?
And I think they're going to have to take that same approach with games.
So I'm not saying like, oh gosh, the stores are perfect in this particular scenario, but
I do not see this as Epic fighting for the consumer, fighting for the little guy, fighting
for a freer store.
Epic wants a freer market that they can take advantage of, period.
That's what they do.
Right, exactly.
Just like, just like all of the stuff that they did in, you know, to make things better
against Steam really hasn't really done anything.
All it's done is some games are now free on Epic store once a month and, and some games
are only exclusively through the Epic store.
And I now have to use two different launchers to play some games.
Like I don't notice like it, they didn't change the industry.
Sorry.
You're not big enough to do that.
You throw your money around and it's your exclusives.
That doesn't, that's not because people wanted to come to your storefront, it's because you
paid for it.
And it's whatever, let, let them fight.
I also feel that if Epic wants to be more competitive, maybe they should like fix their
own damn store first.
Like cause their store is still an inferior product on PC.
Sorry.
I said it, said it.
And that's my opinion, but, and I use the Epic game store, hell yeah, I cash in on those
free games, but the Epic game store is the only place that I've been hacked.
That didn't happen to me on Steam.
The Epic game store still doesn't have achievements.
The Epic game store is still missing the ability to pay with preloaded cards.
You know, there's still a lot of places where the Epic game store is really lagging behind.
So there's a part of me that's like, why don't you use your resources to fix your own damn
house first?
Then you can, you know, kind of take on this other stuff.
I don't know, but, and I want to be clear because I don't want to completely sound like
I'm like a hundred percent pro the Apple and Google side of things.
Because I do think Apple especially is, and I'm an Apple user, look, look, if you're on
the Twitch feed right now, what do I have in my, I have Apple earbuds in my phone right
now.
Okay.
There's a lot of Apple products I love.
But I do think they're going a bit far with like the cloud gaming stuff.
Like I said before, like if all this other stuff exists, why shouldn't video games be
able to be streamed through the cloud and so forth?
And I do think there needs to be a better kind of line drawn with, you know what, if
you sell a product directly on your site, then whatever.
But if you're selling it through the store, then yes, we get to have a cut.
And my examples would be Spotify, Netflix, CBS, all of those things, you can go buy on
the website.
And I think, especially with Twitch, I think is a great example too, you can buy them on
the website or you can buy them through the app, but you know what Twitch doesn't do?
And they're more expensive if you buy them in the app, of course, because you know, they're
having to pay for Apple's cut and they're passing that cost on to you.
But what they don't do is they don't have a big old pop up that comes up and says, you
can get these bits cheaper if you go directly to our website by clicking here and going
to do that.
And I do kind of see where there's probably going to have to be a line drawn there where
there can't be like a click here to be instantly taken out of the store and go around that
30% fee.
I think it's going to have to be one of those things where, OK, if you do it on the website,
then whatever.
But if you do it from within the store, something from the store, then it's got to have that
30% fee.
And I would be OK with that, quite honestly.
Like I think that's what Epic should be happy with as well.
Like if they sell the thing on their own storefront, then whatever.
And that's because you brought the purchase to them.
I don't know.
And I don't see them trying to burn the bridges with Microsoft and Sony as well, or even in
Nintendo with their storefronts, because they all take a cut as well.
I'm sure that's where the majority of their gamers are, that and PC.
So, of course, these being a smaller market share on Android and iOS devices.
That's probably why they're risking it there.
But they sure as heck aren't going to do it at the other places because that would just
destroy them.
SSJ 100 Matt says, it's an ugly pinch fight between billionaires.
We're the losers because we have to watch it.
I don't know what a win looks like in this scenario.
You know, again, if Epic comes out victorious in this whole thing, I'm not sure the confetti
cannons should be readied, because what is that really going to mean?
I just, you know, I'm pretty sure they're not the first company to sue Apple because
they don't have an open storefront to allow other.
I'm almost positive Spotify or Amazon has an Amazon sued them.
I'm pretty sure maybe that was over the term app store.
But I'm pretty sure that there's other companies that have sued them to try to get this opened
up for other companies to have their own individual storefronts, but doesn't seem to have worked
so far.
I mean, I don't know if they think it's sure throw money at the problem, I guess, but Questbuster
in chat says, as a side note, last year, Spotify filed an antitrust complaint against Apple,
which is now part of the EU's ongoing investigation.
They also mentioned the 30% cut, which they call attacks.
There is that.
I want to read a couple other comments here.
This is important too.
VG Realness in chat says, fuck Apple, fuck Google, and fuck Epic.
I'm thinking of that scene.
And sorry, it's going to be a Drag Race reference, Loki, but I'm thinking that scene from Untucked
in season 12, where Heidi Ann Closet gets up and goes, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you,
and fuck you.
That's what VG Realness is doing right now.
Fuck Apple, fuck Google, and fuck Epic.
Rich.
Yeah.
Was that like, I can't remember which movie it was like, fuck you, fuck you.
You're cool.
I think that was, I think that was this movie about waiters waiting or something like that.
Anyway, I need to read the rest of the comment is very important.
I need to read it.
And VG Realness says, fuck Apple, fuck Google, fuck Epic.
Rich companies whining and complaining to be more rich, making us fight their battles.
Meanwhile, the cops who killed Breonna Taylor are still free.
My point, there are bigger issues in life at the moment.
Absolutely a hundred percent true.
It is disgusting that there have been no charges brought up against the cops who murdered Breonna
Taylor.
However, games sometimes, I think we can still separate that games and gaming and video games
also kind of exist to give us an escape of all these shitty things that are going on
in the real world.
That doesn't mean to ignore it, to be ignorant of it or forget it.
But for example, I know with this whole COVID-19 and in quarantine and being isolated, staying
at home and all this stuff, you know, I've been battling quarantine related depression
things and video games are a really good escape from all that.
At the end of the day, I can also see the point where it's like, fuck all of these companies.
They're all in it for themselves.
They win.
News.
What the fuck ever happens, happens.
I totally get that perspective and it's honestly kind of like where my head is at.
However, I think it is kind of worth looking at what is that going to look like if Epic
wins this and now the Epic Game Store is something that's available on iOS.
Is that something that interests you?
And my answer is hell no, because the Epic Game Store doesn't really interest me on the
PC right now outside of the free games and all the fucking exclusives that they get,
which kind of forced me to buy certain things on their store, which I really don't like
doing.
I've bought one game on their store and it's Tetris Effect.
So anyway, let's see.
Run John Stomp, excuse me, in chat says, I don't care what happens to Fortnite.
I just want Epic Games to push Apple to change some rules because that means cloud gaming
has a better chance of happening on my iPad.
And again, I'm with you where I think that's the rule that needs to change.
But my gut kind of tells me it will, because it did for Netflix.
It did for Spotify.
It did for that email app that was recently in the news.
What was it?
Hey, you're someone I'm sorry, I forget the name, but some some email app went to battle
with Apple on that, too.
And I think ultimately, that's where this ends up, too.
I think the cloud gaming apps will happen on iOS.
Am I being stupidly optimistic?
Maybe.
But I just kind of think the track record is there.
But I do think the storefront and who gets the 30% cut and so forth will end up being
a different issue.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Bobby Black Wolf says, I platinumed Persona 5 Royal after 124 hours to battle quarantine
depression.
Note, I do not actually have medical depression, which is a real thing.
I'm just depressed as an emotion.
Yeah, same.
I'm not saying I was diagnosed or anything like that.
I'm not here to belittle.
You all know what I mean.
We've all got the feels during these events and so forth and video games can be a great
escape for that.
But again, don't be ignorant to everything else going on in the world.
Y'all better be.
Y'all better be figuring out how you're going to vote in the US.
Y'all better figure out how you can be voting in November, because it sounds like they're
going to try to make it as difficult as possible.
So I'd care a little bit more if they said, oh, hey, we're just trying to earn some additional
money so we can donate that all to the US Postal Service to keep that thing afloat.
But yeah, it's just going in their pockets.
Well fucking said, to be honest.
All right.
Yes.
If Epic said, you know what, we're doing this because we want to donate the extra money
to the US Postal Service, I think this we would be having a completely different discussion
right now.
But they're not.
They're going to be having discussions like you can't get changed just by, you know, pissing
somebody off and then filing a lawsuit about it.
You need to like just partner with these guys and like have a discussion about what you
want to do.
Maybe they've tried that and it hasn't gone their way.
But like, I don't think at the end of this, I mean, like with on the Google side of things,
because we've been focusing a lot on Apple, but like, I don't know, not that I'm saying
that it would be advantageous for them to, for Epic to try to get say Fortnite on, I
don't know, Stadia.
But like if that was something that they were thinking about doing, I think that kind of
burned their bridge there with that.
I don't know.
It's just, it seems kind of silly that this may not work out for them.
It might not.
And I think one other thing I want to make sure we say before we get into our gaming
weeks on this whole topic, because I can't totally speak for Loki, but I have an idea.
This is where his head is at on this as well, is that if it sounds like we're really irritated
with Epic in this whole situation, like it's not necessarily the fact that they're pushing
back on Apple's rules because people are always doing it.
Like I said, and when it comes to the cloud gaming issues, Spotify has done it, Netflix
has done it, or cloud based services issue, Netflix has done it, et cetera, et cetera.
Like it's not the fact that they're making a legal issue out of it or whatever.
It's the fucking propaganda and how they're trying to weaponize gamers, which are not
usually the most pleasant crowd on social media to begin with.
And I think gamers on social media, and I'm not talking about the vast majority of people
that listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because you guys have been really cool in your comments,
but I think y'all know when you go into very large gaming chat rooms and you watch events
and you see things on social media, you see a lot of negativity, you see a lot of anger,
you see a lot of bullshit.
And I think that's what's really irritating about this is that Epic is trying to weaponize
that bullshit.
And that's the part where I'm just like, this is so transparent.
I'm like, I'm offended almost, almost.
So would be, I mean, not, not the judge people, but I would assume like a lot of the Fortnite
players out there are probably younger.
Do they, do they know what 1984 is?
Do they even know who George Orwell is?
Are they still forced to read that in high school?
I don't know.
Cause I can't imagine like, you know, when you're asking them on retaliation of, you
know, was Epic Games to defy the App Store monopoly.
Okay, dude, come on.
And is this going to fight the top 20, 20 from becoming 1984, dude, if they were talking
about like, you know, Facebook and you know, all these other like social media platforms
tracking your, your movements and stuff like that, I might be more on board.
But like, because you can't get a few extra percentage points out of, you know, your App
Store purchases.
I'm sorry.
That's not quite the same.
Oh, Big Brother.
I love that show.
Stan Janelle, SSJ100 Matt says, ask the people dealing with crunch time working on Fortnite
how much this matters to them.
Yeah.
Yeah.
How many, how many crunch hours did it take to put up that trailer?
That's it.
That's it.
Just, just like that.
Just leave that and leave the room.
That's all you need.
That's, that was fucking great.
All right.
Uh, let's, let's get into other gaming news and talk.
We'll see where this goes, but since it's legal, it's not going to go anywhere fast.
That's for sure.
So we'll move on.
Let's talk about other things like how was our gaming week and what are the types of
video games that we have been playing this week?
Ricky, how was your gaming week?
So, um, I played a few things this week, so I played a whole ton of Orna because I took
a road trip down to the Bay area this week, um, to go visit my grandparents.
So, uh, I wasn't driving the car this time, so I got to try to capture all of the territories
between here and Santa Clara.
Um, so it was great.
I like a few hundred, uh, probably like 150 to 200 new explored territories, um, because
Orna unlike, you know, like Pokemon Go and Ingress and stuff will let you play quite
a bit when the car is moving.
So it's, it worked out great.
Uh, so I did that and then, um, I played a little bit, uh, my kids actually made me play
a bit of, um, Paper Mario and the Origami King cause I had to do boss fights and stuff.
So I got to play against the second boss, which is great.
And um, what else?
I think I played a little bit of Minecraft this week.
Um, I've been doing like kind of game dev tutorials, um, most of the week.
That's what I've been working on.
Uh, so a little, a little different than the usual stuff I've been messing with.
I, um, took up some new programs and stuff to learn those, but yeah, that's pretty much
it.
All right.
My gaming week.
So I've been playing a lot of the same old stables, um, still playing Final Fantasy
14, a brand new content patch was released this week.
The big, uh, update we've been waiting for 5.3 just came out that actually kind of bookends
the Shadowbringers expansion story.
This patch was delayed a little bit because of COVID, um, I guess Square in Japan had
some difficulty with transitioning to the work at home thing.
Um, it just set them behind schedule a little bit.
So this patch has been a long time coming.
Uh, but it showed up this week and it's, it's really good.
Like from a story perspective, it's really, really good and really cements the Shadowbringers
story and really all of the Final Fantasy 14 expansions as just one of the best JRPG
stories that's out there right now.
Now of course there's that whole problem about the monthly fee and I understand that's what
turns people off to it.
The good news is though, for what it's worth, um, this patch did also make the free to play
experience a lot more robust.
You can now play the first two, and there's four all together Final Fantasy 14 expansions,
you can play the first two for free.
They let you go all the way to level 60 and basically everything with Heaven's Word you
can do for free.
Now you can't really join free companies, you can't do things that they're worried about
guild sellers, explore, um, gold sellers, whatever, exploiting free accounts.
There's still, a lot of that is still shut off and so, you know, obviously the other
day they want to make money, uh, but there's still an awful lot you can do for free.
However, I'm hearing that like, if you played A Realm Were Born and then you stopped, I'm
hearing some of those people are having a real hard time coming back for the free to
play thing.
I don't know all the ins and outs of how that works, or what have you, I'm just hearing
it's a little bit headachy.
But for people that have not played 14 at all, there is that opportunity and Heaven's
Word was a great story, so I think it's pretty cool.
But yeah, I really enjoyed the latest patch, obviously I'm not going to spoil anything,
but I thought it really wrapped everything up very nicely, it was very movie-like and
very well done.
So um, yeah, kudos to the Final Fantasy 14 team, they're continuing to develop a phenomenal
game, that's for sure.
Other games I've been playing this week, still the same old GPS stuff, like Pokemon Go, I
have done so much remote raiding in Pokemon Go, I'm almost embarrassed to say how many
of those stupid coins I've spent on remote raid passes, well, it's not a crazy amount,
but it's a few, trying to get like a shiny Genesect, and I still don't have one.
I did like another five fights today, I get a lot of like random invites, I'm very lucky,
and I've been taking them up on some of them, like if I see them pop up in time, I'll try
to join in, and if I have the pass, I'll join in and do the remote raid, but I love what
remote raiding's done to the game.
This made it a lot easier to get a group together to do a fight, and I hope it stays long past
this COVID thing, and I think it's going to, I think they're going to cap how many people
can do it, but you should still be able to get a minimal group together to take down
any raid boss with those remote raid passes, and I think that's going to be a really good
thing.
So, very cool.
Sorry, I'm backtracking a little bit, but this is very important, Bobby in chat says,
See, that's, that's dumb on Square's part, and World of Warcraft doesn't do that, theirs
is a little bit stronger in that regard, so, I would say the two things holding Final Fantasy
XIV back right now, their archaic storefront, and this is an example of that, and their
archaic server structure, which WoW is ahead of them in that regard.
Those are the two, like, negative things I'll say about Final Fantasy XIV that I really
would like to see them work on.
Love the game, love the product, they really need to work on those two things.
The dumb storefront, and the dumb server structure that doesn't make me, doesn't let me play
with my friends in the US because they picked it at different data center.
Like we're past that, WoW has shown that.
SHG100Matt says, Rob sent me a raid invite last night, it was close to midnight here
on the east coast, so yeah, remote raid is great.
Yeah, you can do the, I got a raid invite in Germany today, that I was doing at like
10am, so that was kind of fun.
And it's neat because if you catch the Pokemon it shows, well actually no, my geotags disappeared
but it used to show, like this Genesect is from Germany or whatever, so it's kind of
fun catching them all from around the world thanks to remote passes.
The other game I've been playing this week, Fall Guys, which you know, it's free on
PlayStation Plus, free with gold, and it's also available on Steam.
Alan has really gotten into Fall Guys on Steam, and I played a little bit on PlayStation 4,
and I think it's great because it's that whole battle royale thing but it's not a
shooty shooty bang bang.
Oh yeah, that was the other thing, I forgot I played Fall Guys this week as well, that
was something I played quite a bit of as well.
Oh yeah?
What do you think of Fall Guys?
It's alright, sometimes it can be a little bit frustrating with the controls, but overall
it's been pretty decent.
I just wish the controls are a little bit tighter so that it's not so much like I'm
falling over, I mean I get it, Fall Guys ha, but like I wish it wasn't that I was falling
over all the time, you know, more skill based, like I can actually be able to run this stuff
a little bit easier, but I mean it is what it is, it's fine.
It's pretty fun.
Anyway, I don't want to duplicate myself too much because I'm pretty sure I talked about
this game last week because I remember saying this game when it comes out on the Switch
is going to be the game, and I think that's just a matter of time when that happens and
I still stand by that, but Fall Guys is fun for sure, so.
No One Special 77 in chat says, seems like every Tom, Dick, and Harry plus their long
dead granny, that's quite a mouthful, is streaming Fall Guys on Twitch, from what I've seen it
looks like Mario-less party.
Well, Fall Guys also, if I'm not mistaken, they did a kind of campaign with some of the
big streamers on Twitch to kind of bump themselves up in the rankings, but a lot of games do
that and not all of them catch on, this one caught on.
And I think it's just part of, I like the fact, you can play it in short, quick little
matches, short little bursts, you can play it with friends, and I think it makes it an
attractive game to stream, probably because it's very easy to understand what's going
on.
I don't always like to watch narrative streams being streamed on Twitch, and I stream a lot
less of them myself, I'm not gonna say I'm never gonna do it, but I would probably always
stream the beginning of it, I probably wouldn't stream midway, because I don't like to jump
into a game like watching somebody do Paper Mario, I have a lot of friends that are streaming
Paper Mario, I don't want to see the game halfway through, because A, it's kind of like
spoiling part of the story, B, all the mechanics have already been explained and sometimes
it's hard to understand what's going on, Fall Guys, it's very easy to understand what's
going on.
And I think that's what makes it really lucrative to stream, for sure.
Pele Hanumea in chat says, I got my pineapple costume in Fall Guys, so I'm good.
Yeah, some of the costumes are really funny, so I need to play more to get costumes.
Alan, have you got any costumes in Fall Guys?
I'm waiting to see what he says from the other room.
He says as you play, you level up, even if you don't win.
As you play, you level up, even if you don't win, and you just unlock stuff.
So have you unlocked anything cool?
He says, he's thinking, I got like a dinosaur.
A dinosaur, okay, that's cool.
Act Def says, there's an Enter the Gungeon costume right now on PlayStation 4.
Nice.
Yeah, and they're also doing a Team Fortress 2 skin as well, so I think the Scout.
I think you're right.
Anyway, that was pretty much it for my gaming week, so had fun there.
I want to go out and do Orna and all that stuff too.
It's too hot.
I haven't played Ingress in the past two days just because of the weather.
It's too much, and I'm at the point where I'm like, if the other team is going to field
right now, I can't be bothered.
They want it more if they're going to play in this heat, because it is insane right now.
And that's kind of where I'm at with Pokemon Go.
They did the Pokemon Go Community Day Makeup, or sorry, Pokemon Go Fest Makeup was today.
I didn't go outside for that, hell no.
But I did Incense on the couch, and I didn't catch anything that spectacular, but I tried.
But I wasn't going to go outside and play.
It's too hot.
It's still hot.
My watch says it is still 105 degrees outside, and it's not even 7 o'clock.
This is Phoenix-style weather going on right here.
All right, anyhow, let's move on.
Let's get into some news, some other things going on in the gaming world.
So Loki, why don't you start us off?
The Xbox Series X is going to be coming out later this year, so we know now which month.
That's going to be November.
Now one thing that is from November.
Did we ever doubt that it wasn't going to be November?
It could have been October.
All right, all right, all right.
So anyways, it's going to be coming out, but Sans Halo Infinite, unfortunately Halo Infinite
has been delayed to 2021, I'm sure partially because of the reactions to the gameplay trailer
that they had that were less than preferred.
But they did say that there's going to be 50 new games that are playing to launch this
year across generations, and they'll be optimized for Xbox Series X.
And also, I think they said a total of 1,000 games across four generations of consoles.
So lots of stuff with Game Pass and all that.
So we'll see.
I'm excited about it, but Halo Infinite not coming out, it's not a deal breaker for me.
I'm not a huge Halo fan, but I would prefer that they polish it so it doesn't look like
it did.
Yeah.
I already kind of made my thoughts on Halo known.
I am a Halo fan.
I've maybe fallen out of favor a little bit.
Like it's kind of lost me a little bit with some of the newer titles, but I was a fan
of the fact that they're going for a more classic looking Halo game.
I'm enticed by the fact it sounds like they might put a battle royale, because I think
the multiplayer in Halo is a lot of fun, even if I suck at it.
I think a battle royale type mode could be a lot of fun.
Note that that was never before.
With the battle royale type mode that's in it, it's like Fall Guys.
Yeah.
Well, we'll see.
There's some mechanic-y things in Halo too sometimes.
So we'll see.
At the end of the day, if the game's not ready, it's not ready.
And for whatever reason they pushed it back, then yeah, push it back.
Take the time you need.
Still, it's a pretty shocking delay.
I mean, that is like Nintendo pushing back a Mario game for launch or something.
It's a huge title.
Didn't they do that though?
Was Mario Odyssey originally supposed to be a launch title or is that not?
Maybe.
I don't know.
Maybe.
You're probably right.
Maybe.
But they did have the Zelda.
Although the Zelda came out on two systems, they really only advertised it for one.
The Breath of the Wild.
Assuming that Mario Odyssey was delayed, does anyone remember?
No.
Same thing when the Xbox Series X came out.
Once it comes out, no one's going to remember that it was delayed or going to care.
But it was supposed to be like a big thing to get a Series X for, so I do hope Microsoft
has a long game plan or that they are adjusting their expectations for the holiday sales of
the Series X accordingly.
Maybe this is a blessing in disguise if there's going to be hardware manufacturing issues,
although we haven't heard a lot about that or anything.
So I mean, we'll see.
But I'm kind of curious to see what Xbox Series X is going to look like in that launch window.
Although I'm not going to lie, I'm probably still going to get one.
Yeah.
I mean, it's fine there.
Hopefully there'll be other things.
I know Games Pass will help.
This is exactly it.
Removing the cost of, say, Xbox Live Gold might even help more, but all in good time.
All those announcements.
We don't even know what cost yet.
Yeah, because you might ask me, why are you going to get an Xbox Series X?
The answer is Game Pass.
Because there'll already be a ton of games to play.
And then I'm not going to be able to get it through the iOS store because the launcher's
been taken down, and how am I going to buy my console then?
Bobby Black Wolf in chat says, Animal Crossing was delayed.
Smash Brothers was delayed.
SJ100Matt says, Metroid Prime 4 was pushed.
Yes, yes, and yes, none of those games launch titles.
So that's the only thing.
And I'm not saying I'm mad or anything.
No, again, if they need to take the time to get it right, take time to get it right.
But it's just interesting what's that going to do when that was the big anchor title I
kind of thought as far as launching the system.
It's just going to be interesting, and I hope Microsoft lowers their expectations accordingly.
I would hate to see Microsoft write the Xbox Series X Office a failure when Halo wasn't
there ready to go day one, and maybe it'll still do very well.
I don't know.
But we'll see.
But I also think, again, if a lot of the strength of Microsoft can be measured in Game Pass,
and how much of that they push on PC, and how much of that they push on console, whatever
it is, I do think Microsoft will still make a lot of wins there.
Microsoft has that flight simulator coming out this week, and that's going to be a big
win for Game Pass, in my opinion, too.
And I think a good reason to get Game Pass, because why pay all that money for a flight
simulator when you, I think, isn't PC Game Pass like five bucks a month?
Like it's pretty cheap.
Don't know, because I think when you buy the one now, you get both.
So I'm not sure if, maybe it's Games Pass Ultimate.
I don't know.
But yeah, I know it's less expensive, because there's less games available.
I kind of wish that if I bought the PC one, I could stream all my Xbox games to the PC,
since there's not all of them.
That would definitely sell me one.
S-H-O 100 Matt says, I would like to think anyone coming out with new tech in 2020 has
expectations tempered.
At least they should.
True.
Hani Hanumea says, total respect to Microsoft for courage to delay Halo.
That's a really well said point, although isn't courage an Apple word?
I'm just kidding.
I had to.
Cheap shot.
I had to take it.
V.G. Realness says, not sure if it was already stated, but what is Sony really launching
with anyways, besides Miles Morales, which is also PlayStation 4?
That is a damn good question, and we don't know.
And that is one that Sony, I think, should answer as well.
So it could be very interesting that on both sides of the house, Microsoft and Sony, we
might see, I don't want to say weak lineups, but maybe lineups different than what we've
seen in the past.
But I think we're also going to see a big lenience, especially on Microsoft's side,
of play the games you already know the best on this new system.
And I think that's going to be a huge part of Microsoft's messaging since PlayStation
still not talking about backwards compatibility, really.
We don't know.
But a lot can change in the next month.
But I think big moves are going to have to start happening this month.
It's mid-August.
So I really I would have thought before Labor Day was kind of like the deadline for Sony
and Microsoft to lay bare what is the launch day going to look like.
But maybe they're going to cut it closer.
I don't know.
And to invoke Apple, Apple can do a huge fucking event and be like, there's a brand new phone
in three days and it'll still sell cuckoo bananas.
So that might not be a good idea in the state of our postal.
Well, not necessarily the post office, but like even UPS and FedEx and all of those companies
are very backlogged as far as what's being delivered.
Perhaps not the best time to hold off your preorders, you know, or like even shipments
for that stuff.
In fact, we had a recent story that one of the UPS facilities in California was putting
things in the pile instead of delivering them.
So I don't know.
I would rather we know the information sooner than later, but I know that they're waiting.
They want to counter Sony on that stuff.
And once again, billion dollar companies fighting over billions of dollars.
VG Realness and chat says it seems like both launches are going to be lackluster.
They should just both delay and call it a day since they can't seem to pick a date and
price playing this bullshit capped cat and mouse game.
And that's shown under Matt piggybacks off that to say something similar to what you
just said.
And again, another situation where two companies are playing chicken about announcing the price.
We consumers are stuck in the middle of it.
So here we just why don't let's let's bring Sony and Microsoft into the room.
Okay, walk in.
Okay.
Fuck you.
Fuck you.
Fuck you.
Fuck you.
Well, also playing cat and mouse with the price of a system during the nation's greatest
recession in history.
I mean, or what's going to be probably the greatest recession.
Yeah, I don't think technically the recession hasn't hit levels of like, let's say the 1930s
or the the last one we had in the aughts, but at the time of this thing, yeah, fair.
All right.
Let's move on, shall we?
Let's talk about a game you're not going to be able to buy on the new console.
And that is Forza Horizon 3.
Forza Horizon 3 is being moved to an end of life status, meaning it will no longer be
on sale after September.
So Forza Horizon 3 came out in 2016.
It's done very well critically.
And it's a good fucking game.
I own it.
I'm a fan.
I love the Forza Horizon series.
I think it's one of Microsoft's strongest titles, especially when it comes to exclusives.
I can't fucking wait until they announce Forza 5 for the Xbox Series X, because it seems
like that will happen eventually.
But of course, you have this whole...
Horizon 5.
What's that?
Did I say...
Forza Horizon 5.
You know what I meant.
Forza Horizon 5 for the Series X.
But of course, we have this whole interesting thing now where that same studio did so fucking
well with Forza Horizon, now they're doing Fable.
So you know, now I might kind of have to wait a little bit.
But anyway, Forza Horizon 3 not going to be available anymore.
And this is likely due to licensing agreements.
They do have music that plays during the game and so forth.
And sometimes, as opposed to patching it out, it's just easier to not sell it anymore.
The same thing happened to Forza Horizon 2, by the way, which was an Xbox One launch title.
If memory serves me right, I believe it was released on the 360 and the Xbox One, that
same holiday.
And that was delisted in 2018.
And that's interesting, because that would be the same timeframe.
That would be, what, about four years since launch.
So whatever licensing agreements or whatever was in place must expire.
So Horizon 3, no longer available in September 27.
That means all of the DLC as well.
So if you want to get things like that hot, was it the Hot Wheels was in three?
Hot Wheels is in three, Lego is in four, right?
So yeah.
So if you want to get that stuff, you got to get it because it's going to be going away.
What I think is interesting about this, now games get delisted all the time.
We don't necessarily see a first party game getting delisted.
Oh, by the way, if you already own the game, you're going to be fine.
If you need to re-download it because you own it, you're fine.
If you have a disc version, you're buying it used to GameStop or whatever, you're fine.
It's just you can no longer buy a new copy on the marketplace.
But I think what's interesting about this is that I would have considered the Horizon
series one of the great things about Game Pass.
And so it is interesting because I've always just assumed, oh, Game Pass is just going
to have all the first person Microsoft titles.
But sometimes those titles are going to get sunsetted.
And not everything first party is available yet.
And maybe some of the tricky licensing agreements are part of the reason why.
Now for what it's worth, Forza Horizon 2, I distinctly remember was a games with gold
game right before it went away.
So a lot of people had a chance to grab it.
And so hopefully they'll do the same thing with Horizon 3 next month.
It's going to have to be next month because it goes away at the end of September.
But we'll see.
They haven't announced that yet.
But it is a sale.
You can get it like 67% off, which I think, what, like $9.99 or something like that is
the price of the game right now.
It's pretty cheap.
It's a damn good racing game again.
If you haven't tried the Horizon series, give it a go.
It's not a simulator.
It's an arcade style racer and it works very well.
So I'm a big fan.
So check that out.
Let's move on with our next story.
Loki.
Alright, so we talked a little bit about Xbox and PlayStation both getting a lot of games
that are being upgraded to next gen for free.
So unfortunately, one of these games that's not going to necessarily be upgraded is Control.
So Control, the original game, came out quite a while ago.
And now what they're doing instead is they're only going to be upgrading the ultimate edition
of Control.
So in order to get that, you have to pay $40.
It's basically kind of the sort of game of the year edition of Control with the DLC thrown
in there.
But it's going to, that version will be upgraded, but not the original version.
So not only people that paid full price for that are getting a little bit penalized, especially
if you bought the DLC for it as well, but in order to get it to play on the PlayStation
5 or Xbox Series X, you have to purchase it again for $40, which is kind of ridiculous.
I'm not sure why they would do that.
That's the choice that they made.
Yeah.
I mean, it really depends how much they're putting into it because, you know, like take
a game like Saints Row the Third, right?
They just recently did that whole new remaster and you didn't get it for free, right?
You had to rebuy the game, but you got a remastered product.
It looks a lot different.
It looks a lot cleaner and so forth.
So some would argue it's worth it.
So if they're going to be taking the type of time to make those same type of changes
to control, then maybe it's a little more justified.
But if it's just like, oh, it's just a port for PlayStation 5, then blah, you know?
Yeah.
But I mean, to argue, basically, if you're making the assets for one version of control,
it's really not going to cost you any more to upgrade both versions.
I mean, that would be the logical sense is, hey, you know what?
We're going to be upgrading this so that you can play it on the next gen consoles.
And on top of that, if you haven't purchased it yet, you can get it for 40 bucks.
It's at a discount.
That would make them kind of out to be like the good guys here, you know, offering a pretty
decent deal for those who might be excited to get into that now that we've seen, you
know, some next gen footage of it or something.
But instead, they're paywalling it to try to I don't see how that's going to really
get people that own the original version of control to like, oh, well, I better jump on
that.
I mean, that's kind of ridiculous.
They can definitely do that.
I don't think it's a good decision, but I think really they should do both versions
that they're going to make the assets for it.
They're not changing the engine it's running in and it's the same game just with the DLC
thrown in.
So you're making the assets for this version to be upgraded anyways.
Why can't you do both?
I honestly feel like control will be one of those things and this not to shade a game
that honestly I haven't played and I need to because the studio always does make really
good games and control obviously got some very good reviews.
It's like on my list.
You know what this news tells me?
This news says up, stop.
Don't bother with it now.
Wait for PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X at this point because you're wasting your time
doing it now.
Or how about this?
You know what?
Oh, you want to you want me to pay another $40 for the ultimate edition?
No, thank you.
I'll just wait for it to go down to $5 or $19.99.
That was exactly what I was going to say is that I feel like control on PS5 and Xbox Series
X is going to be one of those things 90 days and it'll be half off if that 90 days out
and it'll be half off.
Just wait for sale.
I mean, I'm sorry.
It seems like double dipping.
I just don't get it.
It would be different if this was to your example of Saints Row.
Saints Row was a game that came out on PlayStation 3.
They remastered everything for the PlayStation 4 version and they put it on other systems
as well.
So they went in, they had to redo the whole engine, they had to upgrade all the visuals.
That's different than say we're adding some additional features to make it look nicer
on the Xbox Series X and PlayStation 5.
They're not rebuilding the whole game from the ground up, I think.
But at the same time, there have been other things like Bioshock, that series.
I want to say that they did free updates, remastered editions, if you will, for those
who already bought the original ones.
They didn't want to punish those people, but at the same time, they were also selling that
on its own.
You know what y'all better be ready for?
You know what y'all better be ready for?
The same thing's going to happen with Final Fantasy 7 Remake.
Mark my words.
It's going to happen with Final Fantasy 7 Remake.
It's not going to be a free upgrade, they're going to do a new.
And it'll all be timed with the exclusive window lapsing for PlayStation.
So there will be an Xbox Series X release, a PlayStation 5 release.
I almost said Nintendo Switch, but no.
So there'll be a PlayStation 5 and maybe a PC, I don't know.
But there'll be a release on all those platforms and it'll be some type of Uber edition that
has like an extra.
Maybe Red 13 will be playable.
I don't know.
But they're going to do like an extra something something to be like, oh, it's got something
new and make people buy it again in anticipation for when the second part of the remake story
comes out whenever that ends up being.
But I'm telling you, it's going to happen.
And that's fine.
I don't know.
I just.
It's whatever.
I mean, you know, vote with your wallet.
So if you think it's reasonable to purchase the original game and you really, really,
really want to get it, you know, for the next gen system, maybe you didn't buy the DLC for
it.
I mean, then fine.
Repurchase the game.
But like, if I wouldn't, I would just wait.
I would seriously, especially if you if you have already purchased the game, then you
don't need to run out and purchase the game right away just to play it on another console.
I'm assuming you probably have already played through the game as it is.
And at that point, just wait, just go back and play the original version again.
Then again, you're talking to somebody who bought Mass Effect three, four times and is
about ready to do a fifth time as soon as they announce that.
But it wasn't on the same console, though.
That wasn't the same.
It wasn't the same console.
I mean, I don't know.
It's just silly.
It is silly.
But once again, it is we're in a capitalist society, so we can go ahead and they can do
whatever decisions they want.
And if we support it with our wallets and they'll continue to do that, if you don't
like it, then don't buy it.
I only paid full price for it once.
Let's be clear.
All right.
Anyway, let's move on.
Let's talk about someone that's not going to be getting full price.
That is going to be the executives at EA.
So what happened is that investors actually voted down a proposal for EA to pay their
executives.
It's interesting because EA is not having a bad year, notably.
Video games are performing relatively strongly, and that includes EA.
I mean, it might not be like Nintendo level strong, but EA is performing strongly due
to the coronavirus and everything that's going on.
More people are staying home and playing video games.
Apex Legends is doing very well and so on and so on.
However, investors cast one hundred and seventy one million votes against an EA executive
pay package.
Apparently sixty million votes were in favor.
That's kind of interesting.
I guess some of the issue that happened was that EA was rewarding executives with secondary
stock awards before the first ones had been vested.
So that wasn't a whole issue as well.
EA apparently went to per CTW Investment Group said EA went, quote, too far in terms of executive
pay, piling on exorbitant equity awards while paying multimillion dollar bonuses following
worker layoffs.
And that's talking about what happened with EA Melbourne fire monkeys.
So very interesting.
To put some of this like to put some money numbers on this, the chief technology officer
Kenneth Moss and chief financial officer Blake Jorgensen get six hundred and ninety
one thousand dollars in change and eight hundred and fifty thousand dollars a year each.
But they also get these equity grants worth seven point five million and five point five
million.
That's a lot of money.
How are they going to live without all that extra money?
I mean, like, oh, they're going to what are we going to fill the money pit with?
That's potentially homeless at that point.
So anyway.
Yeah.
So EA responded to Bloomberg Financial magazine saying the board and compensation committee
will take their feedback into account as part of our ongoing evaluation of our compensation
programs.
So finally, people are stepping up and saying maybe you're making too much fucking money.
So that's kind of interesting, especially I do like that it's called out that like,
you can't fucking lay off all these people in Melbourne and then take these gigantic
packages.
That's Activision's job.
And what's interesting is that that's coming from the investors of EA, not within EA.
So SSJ 100 Matt says they will have to settle for a twenty twenty Ferrari instead of a twenty
twenty one.
Phoenix seventy seven twenty six says they can't get their third boat.
Four babies.
All right.
Phoenix seventy seven twenty six says I'm already eating the rich.
I can't handle any more.
All right.
Let's move on.
Loki, speaking of some executive shuffling, right?
Yes.
So we first have Assassin's Creed creative director who has been let go of the company.
Basraf Ismail, he stepped down from his role in June after being accused of pursuing extramarital
relationships with women under false pretense because, you know, Ubisoft was having a lot
of these issues come up recently.
So of course, he has left the company because of the investigation to his misconduct, which
apparently they've found out that they're somebody that was warranted, I guess.
They said following investigation by an external firm.
It was determined that Ashraf's employment with Ubisoft had to be terminated.
So basically.
Yeah.
You know, all those things that people were saying that was happening at Ubisoft.
Yeah.
They were happening in Ubisoft.
So I expect that this won't be the last that we'll hear of people leaving that company
and completely other news, though, and not related to sexual misconduct allegations.
Laslo Jones, who is one of the developers or the minds behind, is to say the Grand Theft
Auto series since Grand Theft Auto three.
He also plays a fictional version of himself, kind of like almost like a Howard Stern type
character on the in-game radios within the series as well.
He's actually left the company as of back in April, and he's actually left to go work
on some different projects as well.
So he's, I believe, gone to Netflix and are developing shows for both Netflix and Disney,
as well as doing consulting work for video game companies.
So that's more of a positive note.
But yeah, it's nice to hear people actually going leaving because of opportunity growth
opportunities.
Yes.
Instead of being shown the door.
Yes, exactly.
Yes.
That individual needed to be shown the door.
So I'm glad to hear Ubisoft is taking the steps they need to take that we all kind of
saw coming.
So that's good.
But yeah, these are kind of this is a weird pairing to put together.
Sorry, but it's, you know, it's executive changes at companies, I suppose.
But yeah, it'll be interesting to see what Laslo is going to be working on, especially
with that, you know, kind of resume Grand Theft Auto four or five.
These are huge games that made buku bucks.
Could it be a Grand Theft Auto game for Netflix?
Probably not.
Maybe something that that feels like it.
He's just probably I mean, because it's a really huge game series.
I mean, so I can imagine that, you know, he has a lot of industry knowledge as well.
And maybe if they whenever at this point, like I'm not holding my breath or anything,
they do a Grand Theft Auto six at some point when you when they're tired of rereleasing
Grand Theft Auto five for the millionth time, then maybe they'll have him back as a guest
DJ again to, you know, reprise his role.
But we'll see.
Or or his cousin, Laszlo will take over.
Who knows?
All right.
Yeah.
Anyway.
All right.
Let's move on.
We're going to go to the classic game of the week.
So every week here on Orange Lounge Radio, Dark Sakura steps into the gaming vault and
finds a game that she thinks, hey, you brats out there on the Internet, you should be playing
this game.
Dark Sakura sadly is not here tonight.
She will be back with us next week.
So tonight I have picked a game for us.
But, Loki, I would say, pay attention, because I really tried to pick a game tonight.
And I think you will very much approve of my selection tonight.
And you don't even know what it is yet, because I made a boo boo on the show role.
So I'll give you a hint, Loki.
This is a game we have talked about like a million times on this show.
And somehow it has never been a classic game of the week, like a lot of things can be a
lot of games.
This game inspired other games.
And I think one of them was a classic game of the week not that long ago.
And that was probably the last time this game came up.
This is a game that I used to play in my junior high school PC lab on lunch, where my friends
and I were trying to kill each other with nukes.
Oh, I have a feeling I know what it is.
All right.
Well, if you guessed scorched earth, you're oops, that's the wrong.
Sorry.
Oh, darn it.
Sorry.
That was the wrong footage.
My bad.
That does not look like scorched earth.
That was not scorched earth.
That is something else.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
We'll talk about that.
I just spoiled something big.
That's coming up later.
We'll talk about that later.
I fucking love live, don't you?
Let's try this instead.
There we go.
There's scorched earth.
I hit the wrong goddamn thing.
All right.
All right.
There you go.
Scorched earth is the classic game of the week.
So scorched earth is a game that came out for good old MS-DOS in 1991.
So the developer of this game was a guy named Wendell Hicken, and that's it.
It was him because, you know, back in the old days of gaming, games were created by
one person.
And this is an example of that.
So this game was released shareware, meaning that you basically got the entire fucking
game for free, but it just asked you to kindly pay him money, which I bet very few people
did.
But actually, Logie, didn't you pay for this?
I thought this was one of the ones you said you did.
I think I don't remember.
It was so long ago.
I most likely did.
I thought that it wasn't the shareware version, then they have some weapons locked or something
like that.
That might have been the case.
I think some weapons, I think some of the field generation and things like that looked
a little different and so forth.
So there is all of that too.
So anyhow, Scorched Earth is a turn-based artillery game.
So again, it's very similar to like Worms.
Worms came after this, and Worms was very inspired by a game like this.
Tank Wars would be another example of an early game.
I almost went with that, but Tank Wars and Scorched Earth are really cut from the same
cloth and they're almost interchangeable, almost.
It's all about the angle and the power.
And you use that to shoot your weapon and see what happens.
And you can notice if you're watching on Twitch, you can see that these tanks, I think there's
one human player and there's like nine fake computer players.
And you'll notice they're all trying to kill each other by lobbing these weapons at each
other.
But the human player can actually change their weapons.
So I think they're firing now like a slightly bigger missile than the baby missiles the
others are firing off.
So obviously the goal is to kill the other tanks.
But as you fire your weapon, you're also changing the environment, which is a good lesson about
war is that the more you fire off nukes, the more mountains you're going to destroy.
So there is certainly that as well.
Scorched Earth referred to itself as the mother of all games.
Do you know where this comes from?
It's because this game was released in 1991.
That's when the Gulf War was going on.
That was after Saddam Hussein said to the U.S. if they walked on Iraqi soil, it would
be the mother of all battles.
So that's where the name the mother of all games came from.
I never knew that until I logged onto Wikipedia.
How about that?
Anyway, there's also environmental issues.
For example, the stage they're playing on now, I believe meteors will randomly fall
or it's the lightning bolts.
One of the two will randomly fall and could affect tanks destroying.
Tanks blowing up could do different things.
Some of them do like elaborate firework shows that will kill everything.
Some of them just do a little like poop and it's gone.
Or I think the beam up happens like when I was looking at this before the show.
Like there's two or three different ones that just beam up.
So they kind of like dig into the soil and then they just beam up out of the stress.
It doesn't really hurt other people.
But yeah, and sometimes seeing the elaborate ways that tanks would die is what made this
game worth playing.
Right, Loki?
Yeah, I like also being able to earn money between rounds and you get to purchase weapons
with that.
Yes.
And apparently you can edit the configuration files, TOC 1 CFG and TOC 2 CFG.
You can edit those configuration files so that the tanks say whatever you want them
to say.
Yes, you can.
Loki is very aware with this.
Anyways, there's all sorts of weapons and there's shields and things get crazy.
And again, if you've seen Worms, Worms was very inspired by a game like this, so you
kind of know where it's going.
But we need to pay respect to the games that came before it, which Squirt's Earth is a
great example of.
You can play this with up to 10 players, so that could either be live people or computer
controlled people.
So like I said, sometimes we would eat lunch in the science classroom where there were
some PCs and there would be like five of us and the teacher didn't care.
He thought it was great that we he looked at it as we were learning and we weren't getting
into trouble.
He loved it that we would come in his class and play these games, you know, because it's
not like they're that violent.
I mean, sure, the tanks explode, but it's not like you see burning bodies and things
like that.
It's pretty tame, all things considered.
The last version of the game, 1.5, was released in 1995.
You can actually download this game right now on the official site Wiccan.com.
That's W-H-I-C-K-E-N dot com.
And if you're willing to kick back a donation, he kind of has to pay what you want for like
an all encompassing package that allows you to modify the game to your heart's content
and all of that as well.
So I think that's pretty cool.
So yeah, there it is.
Your classic game of the week is scorched earth.
Other games inspired by this, not just worms, but things like atomic tanks, nasty armored
tanks of war, X scorch, scorch tanks, scorch 3D, whole lot of games that were inspired
by scorched earth and again, worms.
I think that's the one that everybody kind of knows is worms.
So I'm telling you, Tommy Tallarico, they need to get this on the Amico.
I mean, that's a, that's a game seller or console seller right there.
Do you think, I mean, this seems like the type of thing that could be pretty easily
adaptable for the Amico.
I mean, if you, if you say in television Amico three times into the mirror, Tommy Tallarico
will show up and send you a tweet.
So please elaborate.
Yeah.
All right.
That's going to do it for your classic game of the week.
So let's go back.
And of course my chat room just froze up anyway.
That's all right.
We'll get back into some other news.
So why don't we get into some rapid fire news, Loki?
Yeah.
So there's a whole bunch of interesting mods that are on some of these games that were
on the switch or in this case, the Wii U so breath of the wild, of course, lots of mods
for that because the emulation on PC is so good right now.
And one of the mods that's actually been made is incredibly elaborate.
So there's a mod developer Wai Kuteru who put out a mod that adds an entire race track
from Mario Kart 8.
So Luigi's, it looks like Luigi's race track and you can actually race if they made a mini
game out of it.
So you race the entire track on the master cycle while these obstacles kind of prevent
you from finishing the race.
So there's like a giant boulders, flame spouts, all sorts of things.
And you're supposed to race around the track to get a good time.
This is insane, the amount of effort that would have taken to put Luigi circuit in there.
But yeah, that's apparently a thing that people can do on these emulation devices to be able
to mod games in such crazy ways like this.
So I'm not sure where you can check this out.
I just know that they showed it on his YouTube channel, but apparently you can, I'm sure
you can get, oh, he has it through his Patreon so you can acquire it through there.
I'm assuming if you're a backer.
And then this is a game I would love to see come back.
So apparently Scott Pilgrim vs. the World of course was delisted a long time ago back in
2014, but apparently there's talks now that the creator Brian Lee O'Malley has been in
contact with Ubisoft and apparently they're going to try to work out some deal with Universal
Pictures to maybe bring the game back to modern consoles.
Yeah, he put out a tweet.
He put out a tweet about that.
Like it, like it was for, for a while it was like Ubisoft isn't calling, Ubisoft isn't
calling.
And then he put out a tweet this week that was like, they called.
Yeah, it was PS Ubisoft has reached out to me.
I mean, I would love for that to come back.
It was such a great game.
Such great artwork in there as well.
I would, I would love to see that.
Yeah, I'd be really excited to see that too.
And you know, the movie is having all this anniversary stuff going on because it's been,
I can't believe it's been 10 years since that movie came out, but it has, I know, right.
We all just felt our age right there.
But you know, there's like new soundtrack coming out because like the actual film version
of that song that Brie Larson sings is finally going to be out.
And I know a lot of people are very excited about that.
And then they had like a big zoom thing or something.
I don't know.
But like a lot of the cast did like stuff recently.
And you know, if we were able to do movies and events like that right now, we'd probably
be seeing a lot of cult screenings of it.
I actually hosted a screening of Scott Pilgrim.
It was about two years ago.
We did a, it was a double feature here.
They did Kung Fury and they did Scott Pilgrim.
It was like a gamer movie night.
And they actually had one of the actors from Kung Fury there, which was pretty cool.
Sadly, they were trying, I can't say who, but they were trying to get one of the people
from Scott Pilgrim, but it didn't end up working out with their schedule or what have you.
So I would have loved that, but they still showed the movie and it got a great response
from the crowd.
Like it's one of those movies that maybe, cause I don't think it did great at the box
office when it first came out.
But like, it's one of those movies that like, I think people of a certain age or just people
that love games, they really enjoy it so much that like when you get a theater full of people
that like Scott Pilgrim and like video games, it's a very different experience from when
I saw it in the theater the first time.
So I, that was fun.
And I wish, you know, if COVID wasn't a thing, you'd probably see a lot of anniversary screenings
going on right now, but yeah, bummer.
So all right.
Phoenix 7726 in chat says the comics got color versions too.
Really slick.
SSJ100 Matt says they were going to re-release the movie for Dolby Atmos theaters for the
10 year anniversary.
But COVID, oh, that sucks because obviously with the chiptune sound effects and everything
really cool that that movie brought, that's a bummer.
All right.
Moving on some other rapid fire stories here, Commander Keen, Keen Dreams is coming to Nintendo
Switch on August 27th, 2020.
Of course, this is an old throwback.
This is not a new Commander Keen game.
This is like a throwback title to like episode, I think this is the four or five and six episode.
I might be wrong because I think there is a Commander Keen series already on Switch.
And this one is like the next one coming out.
It is coming out, yeah, you can get the original Commander Keen and Keen Dreams for six bucks.
And then the Definitive Edition is 15 bucks for full widescreen support, 12 all new levels,
and it doubles the length of the original game and a full music score.
Well, that's pretty cool.
That must means Commander Keen did well enough.
You know, I almost made that the classic game of the week this week, but then it made me
think of MS-DOS games from the 90s and I thought of Scorched Earth and I was like,
oh, we need to do that one.
So all right.
Also in the rumor department, although it's a pretty substantial rumor because it's it's
from a picture, so it's probably happening.
It's unfortunately not.
Oh, really?
It was fate?
Yeah, it was.
Oh, bummer.
All right.
Well, apparently it was.
I just read about it.
Yeah.
All right.
It was supposed to be a Virtua Fighter cabinet.
Well, whoever photoshopped it did a really good job.
Kudos to them.
Who shot it down?
Did Sega say something or Arcade 1up said something about it?
Arcade 1up did.
Yeah.
Ah, bummer.
All right.
Well, then I won't say any more because it's already been debunked.
All right.
Instead, why don't I mention, um, damn, there was late breaking news before the show.
And of course, in the moment, I can't remember.
Oh, I was going to say they posted a picture though of their, um, it was, I forget it was
one of the people that are working on Arcade 1up.
They did post a actual like photo of what the pinball cabinets looked like.
Oh, right.
They look pretty awesome.
Oh, that's awesome.
Uh, I remember what it was.
I saw floating around Twitter because it was trending on Twitter, apparently a, uh, listing
for Zelda Skyward Sword, which was the Nintendo Wii title, not the, like the first one was
Twilight Princess.
Then Skyward Sword was kind of towards the end of the Wii's life cycle, a listing for
that has been spotted for the Switch.
So did Nintendo throw together a remaster to carry us through this holiday season, perhaps
while some other games are waiting?
It remains to be seen, but that is a very interesting development.
Uh, if Skyward Sword is going to get a second chance, um, on, well, I don't think it necessarily
did bad on the Wii cause the Wii was a huge selling console, but it came out towards the
end of the Wii's life when the Wii U started kind of for better for worse showed up.
So I think there may be a lot of people that didn't really get to experience Skyward Sword,
even though I think that game is only about 10 years old, um, who may, uh, get to experience
all over again on Switch.
So we'll see what happens with that.
Hmm.
Um, now, uh, some folks in chat are talking about movie theaters reopening since I was
talking about Scott Pilgrim, uh, and so forth.
Uh, Phoenix 77 says, uh, theaters reopening.
Anyone want to take bets?
I'm thinking late 2021 to which Bobby like later this month to which Bobby Blackwell
said AMC theaters are opening on August 20th movie tickets are 15 cents.
But the question is, yeah, who's willing to go, uh, we'll say, I mean, I guess it depends
on where you are.
Here's, here's a, what was it?
I was watching, um, Phil DeFranco on YouTube.
And one of the things that he mentioned was, so for 15 cents a ticket, you can just buy
out the whole theater and go buy yourself because there's only 30% capacity.
I mean, like how much would that really cost?
That's true.
That's a good point.
Pretty cheap.
So just buy all the seats.
Well, a lot of times the fine print for those deals say limit two per customer or something
like that.
So there's usually how they're going to get around it.
Yep.
Yeah.
Drive in chat says drive in movies made a comeback around here.
Yeah.
Same.
And now it's driving events too.
I'm hearing about like drive in drag queen shows and things like that.
It's very interesting.
Just I just crossed my fingers and my toes, the vaccine is out for the holidays and it
works.
Um, cause I know there was the, the talk about the Russian vaccine, but they haven't really
tested it.
It sounds like so, but anyway, hopefully they will have a tested vetted, good, solid vaccine.
That science says, yes, this will help stop the spread of COVID if people get this, then
I will go to the damn movies.
Yes.
As Joe and Hunter Matt says, until then wear a fucking mask.
Yes.
Yes.
All right.
Let's move on.
Uh, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates.
Some more things you can play at home while you wait for the movie theaters to open back
up.
Yes.
So this week we got quite a few good things.
So Microsoft flight simulator coming out on PC.
We have mortal shell on PC, PlayStation four and Xbox one battle toads on PC and Xbox one
cupid parasites on Nintendo switch, uh, danganronpa to goodbye despair anniversary edition on
iOS and Android, uh, Oh, Kana for rhythm across the blue on Nintendo switch and PlayStation
four new super Lucky's tale on PlayStation four and Xbox one, uh, PGA tour, two K 21
on PC, Nintendo switch, PlayStation four, Xbox one and stadia, uh, samurai Jack battle
through time on PC, Nintendo switch, PlayStation four and Xbox one.
And I believe that's it.
All right.
Then let's take a look at Japan and we'll look at the releases there.
And uh, since Jamie's not here tonight, I'll ask you to do Europe as well.
Uh, going over Japan and looking at the releases there.
Cupid parasite comes out on the Nintendo switch and a regular and limited edition on the 20th
of this month.
I'm trying to figure out what cupid parasite is.
Uh, it looks like it's another, uh, manga or anime, um, related title, a story about
a cupid who ran away from her family after a fight to become the most successful bridal
advisor in the human world.
One day the heroin's boss calls her up for a job to find five hopeless guys or parasites
in desperate need of fixing their love life and probably their personalities in some cases.
Huh?
That sounds like a disaster, but all right.
Uh, anyway, on the PlayStation four this week in Japan, zombie survival colony builder,
there are billions.
That is the name of the game.
Also rock of ages gets a localized release in Japan.
Greed fall also gets a release in Japan this week on the PlayStation four.
So let's go to the UK and the UK.
We also have Microsoft flight simulator on PC, uh, pathfinder Kingmaker deluxe edition
on places for an Xbox one, uh, Willie jet man, Astro monkeys, revenge, sweeper edition.
That's on PlayStation four and quite the name, uh, mr driller drill land on Nintendo switch
PGA tour, two K 21 on PlayStation four and Xbox one house flipper on PlayStation four
Xbox one and Nintendo switch, um, made of sker on Xbox one.
Now that's going to be hilarious if that's a survivor horror game, cause it kind of looks
like that based on a screenshot made of sker, uh, pinstripe on Nintendo switch, a Kana four
rhythms across the blue on Nintendo switch.
And that's it.
All right, let's get to the mailbag every week.
You guys send us emails, participate at orange lounge, radio.com and we read all the emails
that aren't spam on the air.
So our first email this night comes to us from red entertainment who starts off saying
hello peoples and sends us a link to a story we talked about earlier in the show.
There's something about Apple's move to pull fortnight from the app store that doesn't
make sense to me.
And when I dig around a bit, it still doesn't make sense to me.
Apple released a statement about you, about their move that I'm not going to repeat here
because it's a peak example of utilizing incomprehensible legalese in order to befuddle the masses.
If you stare at Apple statement long enough and reread it enough times, you get the vague
impression that Epic violates Apple's rules as it related to payment.
Okay, what are those rules?
And I'm going to assume before this email or this email may have come in before Google
was involved in this too, because there was about a 12 hour period where Apple pulled
them and then Google pulled them, right?
I'm not sure.
Yeah, it was pretty, pretty short but it was a few hours.
This email seems to be focusing on the Apple side of things, but I do want to clarify that.
Anyway, red entertainment continues and actually links to the Apple guidelines and continues.
If you read Apple's rules as it's related to payment in section 311, you come across
this line.
Apps and their metadata may not include buttons, external links, or other calls to action that
direct customers to purchasing mechanisms other than in-app purchase.
There, that's the rule Epic appears to have violated.
When Epic told users how to purchase in-game currency outside of the Fortnite iOS app and
enabled users to do exactly that, they violated Apple's rules.
Okay, that's simple.
Why didn't Apple just say that?
Why did Apple put out a statement that's filled with incomprehensible legal jargon?
Why couldn't Apple explain their actions in a way that is easily understandable by
humans?
Now, I know what you're thinking.
I don't have to pay for, insert app here, through Apple in order to use, insert Apple
here, on my Apple device.
That's right, you don't.
A notable example of this is Spotify.
Spotify has subscription plans for its users.
You cannot sign up for any of those subscription plans inside the Spotify iOS app.
Is there a button inside the Spotify that takes you to where you can sign up for a subscription?
No.
Is there a link that can do the same?
No.
Does the Spotify tell you what you have to go outside the app to sign up for a subscription?
No.
What does the Spotify app say about how to sign up for a subscription?
You can't upgrade to premium in the app.
We know.
It's not ideal.
And that's it.
That's why the Spotify iOS app is currently available in the app store and Fortnite isn't.
Spotify doesn't tell you that you have to go outside the app to give it money.
Fortnite did.
Stay care, stay care, entertainment sent from my iPhone.
I thought I'd throw that in there.
Anyway, no, I mean, and honestly, yes, you're right.
And that is exactly like, and I think I kind of mentioned this before, when we have the
example of Twitch, Twitch will sell the bits in the app.
They will also sell those same bits on their website, but they don't advertise it in the
app.
That's what Epic's trying to do.
And Epic broke the rules.
Now you do make a good point about, or a good, you raise a good question, we'll say, about
why doesn't Apple just respond in plain language instead of all this legalese?
I don't disagree, but my thought is, well, Epic's now made it a legal issue.
So it's being responded to in legalese because anything Apple says at this point can and
will be used against them in a court.
So I think, that's my thought, why they're responding with legalese.
But otherwise, I think you're right.
If Epic wasn't trying to do this whole click here for a 20% off sale, it probably wouldn't
be an issue.
But they did it on purpose because they wanted to make it an issue.
They knew what they were doing.
Because they want to put their own store on Apple's front.
And that's gonna probably be exhibit A, is that, well, they knew what they were doing
because look at this prepared video that they made because they wanted to be fancy like
I don't know.
Epic is not a saint in this whole thing and that is very, very important to note.
Anyway, but otherwise, honestly, your email is a lot of the same stuff I've been thinking
and I like that you actually, you brought the receipt when it came to what the rule
is that they violated.
All right, moving on.
We have one more email tonight and this one is from Elliot B. who says in this email,
hey, OLR, I made another game and I want to share it with you all.
It's a music game heavily inspired by Guitaro Man called Chiptari Woman.
Since it doesn't seem like there will be an official sequel anytime soon, I decided to
make my own.
It was for low res jam where the maximum resolution for submissions is 64 by 64.
At least they gave participants a leisurely two and a half weeks to finish it.
Here's the link, pawprints.itch.io slash Chiptari Woman.
I'm actually going to copy paste that into the chat since that's a lot and for the folks
that are listening on the podcast, I imagine if you go to that itch.io store, pawprints.itch.io,
you'll find it there pretty easy.
I've attached a video of the first minute of gameplay too and finally for a change,
I was able to grab the video in time and get it loaded here so you can actually see it.
So this is Chiptari Woman created by one of our listeners, Elliot B. for the low res jam
and I've got to say, this looks awesome.
You've done a very good job.
I would play this.
I would likely pay money for this.
I also want to know, did you do the music because that's really good if you did or did
you get a friend or did you get a free domain type stuff or I'm curious where the music
came from because it's really good and one of the important things that makes a music
game is, is the music good?
And some comments that are coming in from chat, Elliot, because I don't know if you're
here live.
This looks cool.
Wow, this looks great.
This is so cool.
I want to fly through a wall and start jamming too because that's what happened with the
little guy in the minute long teaser here.
So yeah, and that's a 64 by 64 resolution.
So kudos to you, Elliot B. like this looks awesome.
So I will check this out and all those questions I just asked are probably answered on that
store page and I probably just need to go take a look at it.
In fact, I'm going to do that now.
Can you see the video, Loki?
Yeah, it looks pretty cool.
Yeah, and this looks cool.
So the music is done by, it's by Merkle, M R K L is the artist's name.
Thank you.
Okay.
But yeah, that's awesome.
So it is original music though by Merkle.
So yeah, it says adorable pixel art and other worldly opponent and it works with game pads
if your browser supports it.
Oh, look who just popped up in chat.
Elliot B's in chat.
Kudos to you, my friend.
This looks really good.
You should like sell this.
I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
I, you know, maybe you'll want to have it at a resolution that still looks retro, but
like plays on phones or something.
I don't know.
But you're onto something here.
That's for sure.
So Phoenix 7726 says Merkle like Angela Merkle.
No it's M R K L and it's in, they have their own itch.io storefront and mrkl.itch.io.
So there you go.
Kudos to you, Elliot.
You know, we're in the wrong business, Loki.
We need to start like a indie promotion business because we've got some great game makers we've
come across over the years here at OLR, including YYR, right?
And all the wonderful games he's done.
And now we have Elliot B. So I want, what other indie developers are lurking out there?
Fix your games.
Send us emails.
Why not?
We love indie titles.
So that's great.
And Elliot B says, thanks guys.
The nice comments mean a lot to me.
Well, it's, it's, it's well fucking done.
Good for you.
Uh, I, I, I'm going to play this after the show.
I really am.
So cool.
All right.
Chiptari Woman, SSJ 100 Matt says I'm dropping the game link in the discord for the podcast
listeners.
Ah, very good.
A call for play.
Elliot B says, how much will the next plug cost?
Honestly, all the plugs here are free.
Like we don't really make money off OLR, so I'm not gonna, um, you know, I mean, we're
not going to plug the same game every single week, but you know, I want to support, Hey,
you guys support us.
We'll support you.
Especially when the games look that good.
All right.
Let's move on.
Uh, that's it for emails tonight.
Let's move on to some more stories.
Loki, you are up.
Yes.
Um, so this is once again, a, an example of what not to do if you're making a fan game.
So there has been this project, uh, this golden eye double seven remake project that's been
several years into development, golden nine 25.
And apparently over the last few years, they've posted several, uh, screenshots videos to
social media.
And what do you think happened?
Oh, that's right.
Yes.
They got a cease and desist from MGM because they didn't have permission to make a fan
game for, uh, golden eye double seven.
So yep.
So unfortunately they can't do a bond game, but they can still do a great game with all
of the, um, nineties action shooter aspects.
So basically what they're going to do is take what they did with golden eye and change it
enough to be not golden.
Change all the characters, make tweaks to the artwork and release it as an original
title.
Ka-blam.
Yep.
Done.
There you go.
Yep.
Yeah.
All right.
So, and also lesson learned, don't post about your, um, potentially illegal and, uh, IP
infringing title on social media, because sometimes, uh, there's some social media folks,
like they scan social media for certain things all the time and double Oh seven might be
one of them that they're looking for, especially because there was a new movie we were supposed
to have back in April, but you know, it didn't happen.
Um, and I don't, they didn't release that double Oh seven movie and I can't even remember
the name in the moment, but they didn't release that to, uh, the home services there.
Still hoping they can do a theatrical release maybe next year.
Huh?
At least not yet.
Yeah.
Let me change your mind.
Who knows?
Well, if I feel like Disney was almost bullied into it with Mulan, like, and what they did,
which I, I still don't love the whole subscribe to Disney plus and pay a premium for Mulan.
But I also understand it's probably cheaper than going to the movies and some people will
still pay it, especially those with kids.
I don't have kids.
So my perspective on this is maybe different, um, but, and it'll probably be free on Disney
plus eventually.
It's just, if I want to see it now, I'm gonna have to pay more money.
So anyway, all right, well, let's move on and let's talk about, so this one has to do
with hackers and you know, we say around here, hackers going to hack, they're going to find
things.
Uh, and in this case, hackers have found an official of sorts PlayStation one emulator
for the PlayStation four.
So in other words, they're trying to pretty much say Sony could offer a PlayStation one
emulator if they wanted to, because it was embedded in the medieval remaster that came
out in 2019 the remaster of medieval had the original game in it.
And so hackers went in, got that emulator and basically, you know, made it so that you
can run it on a modified PlayStation four and you can play original PlayStation games
at up to a 4k resolution.
But of course there's a catch.
It doesn't play everything cleanly.
Uh, for example, there's some video out there of Konami's original silent Hill game running
on it.
And some of the, like the sprites have really light boxes around them and some things don't
work right.
Um, yeah, it's the fog of the end of the Emmy.
A lot of the emulators have trouble with Fox, even the official ones from Konami, that's
very true.
They're parked correctly.
That is very true.
So, uh, yeah, so anyway, uh, it's also possible that this is used to run, uh, actual classic
games available on PlayStation store.
I don't remember what PS one games are on the PlayStation store is VIP ribbon PlayStation
four or is that, was that on the three?
I can't even remember.
So long ago now that they finally re-released VIP ribbon in English, but I think that was
on the three.
Yeah.
Uh, Oh, and the Vita, that's why it felt a little newer.
Uh, and then of course we all know the PlayStation classic came out in 2018.
That was a thing that happened.
And of course hackers were on that like that and got all the PlayStation ones and they
worked a little better on that one.
So, but it's interesting to see that the PlayStation four, you know, obviously they would have
to make some tweaks to get the other games to run right, but they could, I don't think
many of us are surprised to hear that, especially when PlayStation two games were running very
well on the PlayStation four, uh, especially, you know, like when they were selling things
like Prapa the Rapa two and things like that, they, they play fine on the PlayStation four,
although I'm sure each and every one of those titles, probably they had to test it and make
sure it didn't have fog and those types of issues.
So, um, but it's, it's still interesting to see how hackers went in and grabbed that emulator.
And now, you know, it's like an official emulator of sorts, uh, even though it doesn't emulate
everything yet.
Perfectly.
All right.
Let's move on.
Loki.
All right.
Let's talk a little bit about, um, bugs.
So Red Dead Online, they, you may remember that there was protests and stuff to try to
get updates to grant or wants to grant the Red Dead Online.
However, uh, when they implemented the new updates into the game, it broke a lot of stuff.
So you had all sorts of crazy stuff like flying horses, raining alligators, um, stuff that
you're not normally supposed to see in Red Dead Redemption.
Um, I think that's hilarious, but probably doesn't make for a great online experience.
Um, so because of that, they ended up walking back that patch 1.21 and yeah, no word on
when it's going to be fixed yet, but that's kind of unfortunate that this had to happen.
You'd think that they would have, uh, tested some more stuff, but I guess, I guess not.
Yeah.
Uh, sounds like Red Dead Online keeps having these issues and it's probably, I know it's
been irritating you and, and a lot of people out there on the internet, cause it's kind
of like, it's just making the game seem cheaper and like this was supposed to be a much bigger
and badder game than what it, the online components turned into, right?
They better, they better watch out.
Any bug here and Todd Howard's going to try to re-release it for the fifth time.
So I don't know.
Watch out.
Speaking of which, uh, bugs and such Bethesda, a quick follow up to something we talked about
on last week's show, Quake 2 was free on the launcher this week.
And I think it might still be if, uh, uh, Ragenator is still out there listening somewhere.
I think Quake 2 is still free on the Bethesda launcher because I know Quake 3, which is
like the superior Quake, it takes over, I think tomorrow, uh, and will be free on the
Bethesda launcher for a week.
So that's exciting, which is, I mean, I already own Quake 3 on Steam cause I think I bought
it for like five bucks, probably like 10 years ago on Steam.
Uh, but Quake 3 really is like the best Quake.
It's a lot, that's a really fun PVP as well.
So just a quick follow up tips since we were talking about buggy games that made me remember,
Oh yeah, Bethesda.
So all right.
As as does have, did you know though, I didn't know this, um, the Bethesda launcher since
I've never really used it before and this was, ain't nothing for free, right?
This is exactly what Bethesda wanted.
I'm going to go in and look around the launcher and see what else is there.
I didn't realize they put out like official Skyrim mod making tools, uh, as well as Fallout
4 that like you can design your own quests and stuff.
Yeah, that was a long time ago.
So they, I never realized it was the same tool that they use to make quests that they
put out, which I thought was interesting.
So they, they did that in the sense that that was back when they had those enhancements
that they were adding to the game, the paid mods basically.
So the thing was, Oh yeah, you can release your mods through the, um, Bethesda storefront
or whatever.
And then also you could, um, sell them.
I think you could sell them as well through there as well.
Um, but I know then they turn to sell a lot of those mods as well through the storefront.
And that's how you get like, you know, where skin in the game costs like 20 bucks.
It's ridiculous.
Um, but yeah, I know that stuff's available, but I, I'm sure that there's other tool sets
out there that aren't official that worked just as well because there was lots of bots
before that whole thing came out.
So they had to do it somehow.
All right, well moving on, uh, Twitch Prime is no more and that's because it's been rebranded.
So Twitch Prime is now Prime Gaming.
And that happened earlier this week where, uh, Amazon who of course is over Twitch, uh,
rebranded all of the perks that you're used to getting with Twitch Prime under Prime Gaming.
This is probably to come in line with services like Prime Video, Prime Reading and Prime
Gaming.
Otherwise they haven't really made a lot of changes to it.
You still get your free subscription to a channel, which I would be a bad broadcaster
if I didn't try to encourage you to use that free one right here at VOG Network where you
get access to our video archives to watch on demand whenever you want.
If you can't be here on Sunday night, our subscribers, whether it's through the free
Prime Gaming subscription or through a $5 sub.
And I think the subs might actually be, I saw that subs were discounted for first timers.
They might be running a free promotion right now, or not free, but like a promotion of
sorts right now.
So I look into that cause I was checking that out for the show.
But anyway, uh, you get access to the full video archives.
Of course the podcast, the audio still free as it's been for 18 years.
We did not charge for anything that we, um, we're always giving away for free that is
staying free.
So um, anyway, yeah, so Prime Gaming is, is it now, um, that's the one that gets you some
game perks as well and some, uh, stuff in games.
Um, I can't say we're all going to be quick to remember this rebranding and I'm probably
still going to say Twitch Prime, your Twitch Prime account and all that, uh, because I've
just, you say one thing for so many years, it takes a little while to get used to it.
I'm sure there'll be a lot of broadcasters in the same boat.
Um, but that's, uh, that's just part of the switch there.
You know what we mean?
You know?
Exactly.
You know what we mean?
Jeff says, yeah, there's a promotion, I think, and streamers get more for Prime subs.
Oh, is that true?
Well then you should really consider using that one.
I have to try.
I'm a bad broadcaster if I know, but you know what, Hey, if you don't even give us a dime,
that is okay too.
I understand.
Uh, especially in these times, money is hard to come by, but, uh, we do use money to make
improvements to the show and there'll be more coming later on.
So all right.
Yeah.
How many times did we say all games radio by accident after moving to vog or how many
times did I say, and you can join our chat at a game surge or whatever, or a live dot
vog network.com.
I still say that just out of habit, mail bag at orange, which is the old email.
Don't use it.
It'll bounce participate at orange laundry.
Do.com is the place to send those emails.
All right.
Let's move on some more things before we get to our listener round table.
Loki.
Yes.
So, you know, it seems like there's so many art, little mini arcade cabinets coming out.
I can't keep track of all of them.
Well now there's another, uh, Neo Geo arcade home machine.
So this is not quite the super mini one that they had, but this is more of like your arcade
one up bar top type cabinets.
So it's going to run $500.
However, unlike you would get with say an arcade one up cabinet, there's going to be
a few more games in there, 50 games total.
So all your favorites from the SNK and the Neo Geo.
And they also have a stand you can get as well.
That kind of turns into an upright cabinet, although it looks kind of strange, but still
pretty slick looking, um, and the stand itself as an extra 50 bucks, that's not bad.
Yeah.
I have to say I'm kind of interested.
One person that's not interested in our chat room, Bobby Black Wolf, who says I was excited
about this until I saw it did not have bust to move.
That was literally the only game I was interested in.
Um, yeah, I love that game, but there's other games, uh, that, that SNK did that I'd be
okay with.
So, um, it does sound very interesting to me, uh, as Joe and her mat says, I like this
Neo Geo cab act F says, I really love the Neo Geo cab, uh, and SJ one on a mat says
it's an SNK fighting game gamer's dream.
You know, they had that other little Neo Geo cab not that long ago.
Um, and so it's interesting that they're kind of doing another one that's just bigger and
a little more inspired by the arcade one up stuff.
As long as I could put it into like a four game mode or whatever that has it cycle through
those like it used to with the arcade cabinet that used to be in the, uh, like, uh, grocery
store I used to go to needs to have like baseball stars, magician, Lord, and I want to say metal
slug in there.
Probably metal slug.
I think it was also like art of fatal fury or something in there.
I also, I can't think of the game in the moment.
There was another puzzle game.
So you may be angry about bust to move, not being there.
Puzzle de Pawn.
I love that.
Is that a puzzle de Pawn where you pull the balls down and you throw the balls back up
in the matching colors that's puzzled upon, uh, puzzle de Pawn is kind of like a bust
to move sort of thing, but that was the one that I used to play all the time.
There's one where you, I can't remember the name in the moment you pull the balls down
and then you go run over to the column with the matching ones and throw them back up.
And I can't remember the name of it, but that was an SNK one too.
I don't know.
I don't know what that one was, but yeah, the one I used to play that was like a bust
to move with puzzle de Pawn.
Okay.
And is that on the cab?
No, there's not very many.
Thank you.
Dark to see a magical drop.
That's it.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's mostly, it looks like it's mostly fighting games, metal slug, and they have a couple
of like sports games on there.
So baseball stars, football frenzy, top player or top players, golf and super sidekicks.
Um, but the most, most of it is looks like just fighting.
In fact, I'd say 90% of it is fighting games.
Kind of disappointing.
I mean, I get it, but like, I would hope that there's more of a variety of stuff.
Maybe because maybe a lot of that's third party.
I don't know.
I'm just used to my, my, was it not Pandora's box, but I have a not quite legit multi-cart
that now Bobby owns.
Uh, they had like a ton of like games on the puzzle de Pawn was one I did play on there.
One of the first games I played on my arcade cabinet.
Nice.
All right.
One more story for you guys.
And it's about, uh, an event for next year already making changes, uh, because of, you
know, potentially COVID and related things.
And it's the game developers conference or GDC number one, they've pushed it way back.
So GDC next year is going to be in July, July 19th through 23rd.
That's after E3.
That's not where they're usually at.
GDC was usually a March thing, if I remember right.
So they're pushing it way back for next year.
So they must really be banking on, you know, there's going to be a vaccine or something,
but even with all that, they're saying it's going to be a scaled down edition of the live
show.
They will have it at the Moscone center in San Francisco where they usually have it,
but there will also be an online showcase.
So it's going to be a little bit of a hybrid event.
Uh, there's going to be publishers and developers showing things online as well as face to face.
Um, there's no official comment that this is because of COVID.
Um, that's kind of what's being inferred.
People are assuming that, you know, there might still be issues related to COVID, or
maybe we just won't be ready for the gigantic crowds at that point, you know, because it's
going to take time to get a lot of people vaccinated and then there's going to be people
that aren't going to get vaccinated because they're going to be like, oh, it's inserting
a microchip in my brain and all this stuff, whatever, whatever.
Anyway.
So, um, you know, there's, it's going to take a little time probably, you know, these huge
events are going to be the last thing to come back.
So I can see why they're kind of, you know, doing a little bit of both.
Um, so, and, and also, it also makes sense that if things were to happen and things were
still in a bad place, I mean, heaven forbid, but if things were still in a bad place in
July of next year, they would have the digital thing to fall back on.
So there's that too.
Uh, Pixel Pacas points out this year's GDC was a few weeks ago fully online.
The system worked pretty well, but wasn't great for networking in my opinion, that comment
from our chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network.
I didn't realize they even finally had it online.
A lot of these digital events aren't promoting very well, but then again, I'm also not the
audience for GDC.
Pixel Pacas is the audience for GDC.
I'm not.
So, uh, that might be why so, um, but, uh, it's interesting a few weeks ago would be
around the same timeframe end of July.
So there is that, um, let's see, um, there will still be master classes that GDC is going
to do virtually for the rest of 2020, uh, they are courses that are intended to tutor
devs on various aspects of game design, and there'll be more info on that, uh, over the
coming weeks.
So again, GDC next year, July 19th through the 23rd, hopefully in person and online,
we're going to cross our fingers and our toes.
I can't imagine another year of this.
I think that people are, I mean, it's already happening where people are like, I can't do
this quarantine thing anymore.
I'm just going to let go and let God and, uh, who cares who I put at risk and I that's
only going to get worse the longer this goes on.
So fingers and toes crossed that they, they have a miracle on the vaccine front.
That's for sure.
All right.
Well, at this point, we're going to open up the chat for any topics that we might've missed
throughout the show.
I know we're a little, uh, early tonight, but that also happens, uh, when we're down
a host and dark soccer is not here tonight.
Um, I will in the meantime, look to Loki to see if we have any last minute stories tonight,
but if you have something you want to ask or have us talk about, please go to our chat
over twitch.tv slash a VOG network.
Um, okay.
So let's see.
Yeah.
We've got, there's a techno attached in a drum and fun, apparently e-sports turn mode,
uh, which is going to be launching on August 19th.
So that's cool.
Is that the PS or PS four version?
Uh, I don't know if that is, or it sounds like it's for the switch.
Oh, okay.
So I'm assuming in Japan, but yeah, that's pretty cool that they have like an e-sports
mode to that.
Um, let's see what else we got.
There is a, they're making a new GI Joe game.
So GI Joe operation blackout it's coming out on the PlayStation four X-Box one and switch
that's out of nowhere.
Is that going to be based off of the, the game or hopefully God, I hope they're not
making another movie that looks not great.
Can I get a remake of like an NES or super NES game or arcade game?
I think that'd be better.
Wow.
This looks generic is hell actually, you know what it reminds me of?
It reminds me of a flood, a far cry blood dragon.
Cause it's all neon the hell out.
Uh, that's what it really looks like.
That's a game we need a sequel to, uh, dark to see you in our chat over twitch.tv.
Slash vog network says I picked up cosmic star heroin on the switch.
It was on sale for super cheap.
It feels heavily inspired by the square Enix classic chrono trigger.
I highly recommend it.
Uh, quest buster says, LOL.
I saw the trailer for the GI Joe game.
It just came out of nowhere and isn't based on anything upcoming as far as I know.
They just want to sell more toys.
So I, I, uh, forwarded my wife some videos of, um, there's a, one of the, a couple like
a YouTuber that does fake animal crossing quality of life update announcement videos.
Oh yeah.
I saw it.
Yeah.
Anger is the hell out of me.
Cause I'm like, why don't they have that?
Oh yeah.
Um, there's so much like just watching her play it like, I don't know what the hell they're
thinking sometimes with just the way to design it.
So it's like some of the issues, like, especially like with, you know, digging a hole or something
like that and, you know, trying to line up the right spot in it, that's been a problem
for like since the beginning.
And why hasn't that been fixed?
Like some of the stuff you don't really think about because like, Oh, animal, look at all
the stuff that they added, but it's like, Oh my God, there's so much that could be improved
with that.
There's a great, I think it's a tick talk or something like that, that Alan showed me.
And I think he posted it on your wife's page this way too.
I don't have Facebook anymore.
So no, but I think he posted it on your wife's page.
It was this guy and he like is like trying to aim the shovel and then he goes and knocks
over the table.
I did that.
Yeah.
That's Gus Johnson.
So yeah.
Okay.
Really funny.
A YouTuber.
But yeah, he did.
He does these little short videos, but that was one day I posted on her wall.
Um, okay.
Okay.
But yeah, that's hilarious.
And it perfectly illustrates animal crossing sometimes just because some of the things
we're trying to do, like she's trying to build a staircase between, um, the two of
the buildings in the game.
And for whatever reason, it just would not let her do it.
It's like, sorry, there's not enough space to, you know, I don't know, this, this cliff
doesn't look even enough where we're going to put stairs here.
And it's like, right there, right there.
It's like, why won't you work?
Uh, um, Bobby in chat says they don't, Bobby and chat says they don't consider it broken.
That's why they haven't fixed it.
Animal crossing has sold almost more than any other switch game at this point.
So what, what's their motivation to fix it.
Although we do know there is a, there's a fall update coming.
Maybe some things will be addressed, but I'm not going to hold my breath.
But just some quality of life stuff like in the stuff that was in those views wasn't like
ridiculous things.
It was like, Hey, you know why say you want to craft two of something.
You can select the quantity or like, how about, you know, um, the ability to see your storage
where you're aiming, you know, just a crafting from your storage, like not ridiculous things,
like things that I would see without having any knowledge of how they construct that game
that shouldn't be too hard to implement.
Like I get it that you're not going to be able to do everything that everybody wants,
but like some of this stuff is an unreasonable and when make things a little bit better.
Let me, let me ask this related question.
So obviously your wife is still playing animal crossing.
Are you.
I did the other day just to, um, cause I have, you know, the online access.
So I did the download some designs.
Unfortunately, my youngest son was the one that played the game first.
So he is running the town and also I had to play the other day because he made my birthday
August 9th for some reason.
So, um, so I had to do my birthday stuff.
He got the nine, right?
Kinda.
It's just the month, sorta, sorta close.
So I had to, I had to do the, um, birthday stuff, you know, for that.
Um, but yeah, no, it isn't night.
I don't know.
I did it, uh, today.
Maybe when she just time traveling, I don't remember, but yeah, so I had to do the birthday
stuff early and, um, yeah.
And then the download, the patterns off the internet.
So we were downloading some patterns so she can trick it out and stuff.
But yeah, it's, I don't really play it.
Um, Bobby is, is putting several comments in chat, essentially, uh, summarizing, uh,
if you haven't seen the code is coded, then you don't know if it's easy or not to fix.
Um, and you know, maybe, maybe Nintendo, I think the thing is people are spoiled, you
know, and we say this a lot.
Perception is everything, right?
So what you're saying, those are probably the facts.
You know, I, the fact they likely are the facts, but perception is everything.
And when other games do these quality of life things they do online in a different way or
they do the regular updates, they do such and such thing.
It kind of, that's why people go, well, why can't Nintendo just do it this way?
Because other companies are doing it.
And I'm not saying, I'm not saying I disagree with what you're saying, but it's just like
that perception is very, very big is that other game companies do make it look easy
sometimes and probably because they do see the benefit in putting the resources into
it.
I, but again, I don't think everything on the wishlist, you know, there are some things
in there where even I'm like, well, that's going to be really hard for them to go back
and do, but I think there's a, there's a few things in there that again, other games made
it look easy, but I guess we don't really know cause we can't see Nintendo's code.
Um, just like seeing, yeah, just seeing where you're aiming, obviously the game is doing
some sort of rate cast calculation for where you're aiming your shovel or whatever it is,
item trying to put it down and stuff like that.
And I mean, obviously it's figuring out which space it's going in because it already knows
when you put it down or do it, you know, dig or whatever, just show that display it.
I mean, I don't see why that would be a problem, but I get it.
I mean, that's fine.
Whatever they're going to do.
They're the aim selling well, so I guess maybe they're not motivated to improve it more like
that.
We'll see what they come up with.
Or we'll see what the fall update has because they, you know, there are still changes coming
and everything that we've gotten so far has been more of like a small event.
Like they've been like, they've been patching in a holiday or patching this thing, but this
fall event, they're kind of teasing us a bigger thing.
So we might, I mean, I don't want to set false expectation, I'm not going to put the bar
too high, but we might get some of it in the fall update, maybe the low hanging fruit,
so to speak of this code that we can't see.
All right.
SG100Matt says Def Jam has been teasing a new or remake of Def Jam Vendetta or Fight
for New York.
They tweeted out the other day that if they hit 1 million on their Twitter, they will
have a special announcement with a picture of Vendetta.
Hmm.
Interesting.
Pissalpaca says, did they ever post the follow up because they've had a million followers
for days.
Well, we're we're waiting.
Probably check back Monday.
It is the weekend after all.
All right.
Any other last minute stories, Logie?
No, that's all I had.
All right.
Then I think we'll go ahead and wrap things up for the night.
Thank you guys so much for tuning into our show, whether you were here live or you were
on our podcast.
We really appreciate you participating with our show.
Send us an email, say hello to us that way.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
We're also on social media, on Twitter over at OLR.
And yeah, we'll be back in seven days to do this all over again.
If you wouldn't mind helping us spread the word, we are the show where every gamer has
a voice.
But if the voices aren't here to put out on air, we're missing that.
So tell a friend or two about the show, help us spread the word.
An auto host on Twitch goes a real long way.
A nice five star review on a site like iTunes or wherever it is you found this podcast.
Those go a long way as well.
We really appreciate those word of mouth things.
That all being said, let's wrap up and get final thoughts.
Dark Sakura will be here next week.
We'll see you guys then with Jamie and whatever should happen in the industry this week.
Maybe we'll get some big announcements about these consoles, who knows?
Or maybe we'll have more reasons to come back and say, you know what, fuck you and fuck
you and fuck you.
We'll see what happens.
Loki, your final thought tonight?
I'm going to keep working on making something or learning more stuff.
I don't know.
But yeah, I'm going to keep working on stuff.
Hopefully I made something that technically is a game, but technically it's such a short
following a tutorial that I don't really count that.
Well it's something, you got to start somewhere.
It's one little step.
Yay.
All right.
Cool.
All right.
My final thought.
I don't have a lot.
You know, good luck to Bobby with Summer Games done quick and looking forward to Virtual
Dragon Con as well.
And yeah, let's just keep wearing our masks and social distance and do everything we can
to try to lessen the spread of COVID so we can get back to real life and events like
GDC and all the other things we miss where 2020 has just kind of ruined all of that.
And also stay cool and stay hydrated, especially those of you in California.
This heat wave is going to get worse.
Tuesday is going to be real bad.
The number keeps going up and down.
It was at 114 at one point and I was like, what the fuck?
But I think it's down to like one or nine.
I think this cloud and the rains and all this stuff that's happened, maybe put it down.
But yeah, that's yikes.
So anyway, stay hydrated.
Because seriously, I was out at like eight in the morning.
I was doing my cemetery portal scanning.
I talked about a couple of weeks ago on the show and by like 930 I was done and I was
already feeling a little bit like, why am I just so exhausted?
I had to drink a lot of water.
So yeah, I've been trying to be real good about my walking, but I'm going to take a
break for a few days.
I have to.
It's just too damn hot.
So stay inside, play some video games.
That'll be fun too.
So we will see you next week, everybody.
Good night.
Thanks for listening.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or Vognetwork, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
See you next time.
