What do you do when multiple studios creating new and remastered content for a single IP starts running dry? You add a level of recursion! Call of Duty Black Ops Cold War sets the stage for a future Call of Duty Ultimate World of Warfare 5 Zombie Aliens
I just bought 33 titles and one remaster in name in less than two decades is astounding and might give Mario a run for his money.
At least one of your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers and Loki has deep knowledge of one of the Call of Duty titles.
It's Loki by the way.
And they'll talk about this game and the rest of the week's gaming news starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio back again tonight with episode number 833 for this August the 23rd of 2020.
Joining me tonight via the magic of Discord.
We used to love doing this show in the same room as we did for many, many years.
But be that as may with the state of the world we're taping over Discord.
So joining me on Discord down below there is Techmaster Loki.
Hi Techmaster Loki, how are you?
Hello.
Good to see you.
Pretty good.
Alright.
Yeah.
Good, good.
And you're playing the Secret of Monkey Island or somebody else's?
I'm not playing anything yet.
It's a long play of Secret of Monkey Island.
It's a good choice.
It's a good choice for your backdrop tonight.
Appreciate that.
Alright.
And a big welcome back tonight to Dark Sakura or Jamie Summers up there.
Sorry.
I'm Vegeta tonight.
I'm Space Dad.
I'm kidding.
Looking fabulous with your wig as always.
Yeah I don't know if I like this one.
It needs some zhuzh.
This is fresh out of the box Cher style he may cut.
You know.
It's got a little bit of that Dog on Rope a Bear vibe to it with the whole black and white.
Oh Monokuma.
Actually it's pink and white.
It's pink and black.
It looks a little you know because your camera is a little you know older so I think it looks
a little more like white.
It's actually not older.
It's fucking cheaper.
Oh okay.
Well you said it.
I didn't.
I'll admit it.
Thanks Wish.
Thanks for my five dollar webcam yo.
Hey you know what?
Sometimes you have to make cheap things work and on a somewhat related note this isn't
about video games but Dark Sakura and I you guys know we love to talk about drag and actually
I would argue in some ways video games can be a form of drag especially like MMOs and
role play and flesh character.
It's all drag.
Anyway we're all born naked in the rest of this drag right.
Exactly.
But I would be remiss not to.
And I am.
I do drag.
You do.
You do.
As a nun.
I did.
I did once for a stage play one time.
But anyway I would be on a serious note I would be remiss not to say anything about
the passing of Chichi Devane this week and I wouldn't expect all of our listeners recognize
that name.
But anyway anybody that has a familiarity with RuPaul's Drag Race or heck the pageant
scene in the southern drag scene most certainly knows the Louisiana queen of the bayou Chichi
Devane who unfortunately left this left this earth this week at the age of 34.
Not COVID and I feel weird I have to say that.
It was pneumonia resulting from previous kidney failure.
Yeah it was pneumonia due to her prior existing health conditions but obviously 34 is way
too young of an age but you know.
It really is.
I cracked a little line there about sometimes you have to make cheap things work and I think
that's something that you know that was a presence that Chichi brought to the show was
that.
She came out in garbage bags both times.
She didn't have a huge budget but she made it work right.
So I think that was a great value that we could take from somebody like that.
And I will go on record that her lip sync in the first season was my second favorite
ever Drag Race lip sync.
My first favorite being the Raja and Jujubee.
Right.
When they did me anything on my own and started crying.
Raven and Jujubee.
That was Raven sorry.
I always think Raven and Raja so you know.
But yeah I just I just wanted to tip my hat and acknowledge that I mean it's just a horrible
loss for that community and you know just send our well wishes to her family and her
friends and you know one of the big lines that we get from Drag Race is that you know
we get to choose our family and so there are many many many people I'm sure Chichi had
no shortage of brothers and sisters and cousins and and so forth so I'm sure a lot of
people really really feeling a hole in their heart this week so.
Oh and on top of that for me I mean she's from Shreveport Louisiana where I would spend
I mean I've been to shout out to Coast Con and Shreveport you know I would go to Coast
Con a few times when I was in my con circuit in Alabama and it was just really nice
seeing someone kind of from my edge of the swamp and I like to say and I was really
you know I was rooting for her all season.
Yeah I know.
You know she's up there in my top tier of Queens she was just so much fun and it felt
really nice to see you know a deep south queen you know that wasn't from Texas.
And admittedly if you were to go back and listen to older episodes of reading is fundamental
which was a show I did about that show I was a little harder on her.
But you know I just she was slaying on my faves in those lip syncs so maybe I was just
a little bit bitter I don't know.
That upside down lip sync.
Yeah yeah but you can also recognize a TV show is very very different from a person
and just as a person certainly whatever your thoughts about that little contest that's
televised just just a really wonderful sweet person that was just genuine and in it for
all the right reasons it's great.
Yeah she was she was really really I mean she was great to meet in person so she was
she was a delight.
All right rest in rest in power my friend.
All right let's move on though we do want to get into talking about what is going on
with video games and that industry that we love to to take our minds off of all the horrors
of the real world and all of these these horrible passings before their time and fires
burning nearby which by the way OLR is nowhere near that we're only feeling the effects of
the smoke which is but I mean we're all staying indoors anyway so although I heard we did
have a brush fire not far from my house oh no right off of right out well I'll go ahead
and say it because nobody except from here is going to know where it is but off of Franklin
oh yeah apparently a grass fire and that's what shot out into my area and your area to
make it worse.
That's where my uncle lives.
I hope everything is OK.
I'm just finding that out now.
So I will have to investigate that.
So yeah because that's the eye and that's all very rural out there.
That's like hood Franklin Road right because I always joked my uncle was from the hood
because you go one way off that street to go to hood and what there is literally a town
called Hood and another way to go to Franklin.
Wow.
OK well and but I mean I would say probably one of the nicer areas off of Franklin over
in Elk Grove.
So you're actually in like populated area.
Yeah.
Not in the countryside Elk Grove.
But that's a country but the countryside is where.
Yeah.
So anyway.
OK.
Yeah.
But it's it's pretty nasty outside.
This is the first time I've come close to having an asthma attack since I got over the
pneumonia.
Yeah it was really nasty outside.
No outdoor gaming for me today.
That's for sure.
Let's get ash in the air.
Let's get into the kickoff topic though.
And Loki I'll ask you to kind of lead us on this topic.
And this has to do a little more with gaming culture I suppose.
This is kind of a twitch related topic but as we're using twitch to come together and
play games online I think more so than ever with everything that's going on in the world
this certainly still relates to our industry right.
Yeah it's kind of it's sad to see something like this.
I'm sure that the company.
I don't even know how you pronounce this.
I'll go be.
Does it matter.
Some media company a marketing company that was working with Burger King did this campaign
called The King of Stream.
OK.
Oh we'll be.
Yeah it doesn't matter.
I don't want to put any effort into getting that right since their campaign was very low
effort as well.
Well we're about to drag them and expose them so it doesn't matter if we get it right.
It doesn't matter.
So what they did was you may know watching several twitch streamers you may know that
some streamers will have kind of a voice to chat text to speech type thing when they receive
donations and it'll have like a little message when you typed out with the donation stuff
and it'll read it.
SSJ 100 Matt has subscribed for three months and says shout out to clicky the pan.
I think your show is great.
Hello L. Mr. Smoosh meow meow.
Which is why we don't do that in our show.
That would be a train wreck.
Right.
I don't want to shade anybody that does that.
You do what works for you and like for accessibility reasons too.
That could be a damn useful plug in.
So but obviously we're trying to it's worth saying we're trying to do a podcast that you
know and that's why we don't do the typical acknowledgments of subs and everything until
the very very very end of the show after we end the recording.
And it's not that we don't appreciate it any less.
It's just we realize that unfortunately this is like I can I can now use this as something
to point to and go.
This is why we don't do it.
So what they did is they basically they created a box or did something where they found certain
streamers that had very minimal like set up basically just like a headshot that they could
crop out and gameplay none of the like complicated interfaces and everything that they would
have normally on there.
And then they use this text to speech functionality to post advertisements for Burger King on
these streams and then they captured as part of their web campaign which is ridiculous
because there's so many things wrong with that with new different streamers may have deals
with certain brands and that may go against those deals.
Also you know a lot of these folks if you want to advertise on their streams I'm sure that they
would love to be able to work out some sort of marketing deal that would certainly be worth
more than five dollars.
And so a perfect example just just to give a tangible example that there was a whole subway
promotion through Twitch not that long ago where subway was basically like I think they were
like absorbing some of the cost of subs or something where people were I think we were getting
the whole five dollars for a sub as opposed to 250 because and get it sub because what subway is
they and that's how you do it right a little play a dumb little dad joke there to tie it together
and that's I mean somebody in chat probably remembers the details better than I do but that was
through Twitch official everybody kind of knew it we all know the rules and it was a much better
I think promotion.
Yeah.
Yeah and so there were originally when I saw this video I thought it was faked because the gameplay
that they show behind everything is obviously fake.
That's what I thought too none of those games were real.
I couldn't figure out what they did is they superimpose the actual live stream of the actual
Twitch streamer and they put it on fake gameplay but it's actually real reactions and everything
and there was one of the there's a few of the Twitch streamers actually posted like the actual
video from their streams showing this happening and like having like what they've cut out of it
and stuff but it's just it's really shady it's it's a terrible campaign I thought originally they
did it just as kind of like I thought it was faked and I thought they did it for like outrage
marketing type of thing.
Yeah there's a lot of people thinking that in the beginning.
Yeah but apparently no it was actual streamers just a lot of you know smaller streamers which
that's horrible though like it's it's just exploiting them.
So I think that this is fair game then as long as I dropped five bucks for you know a sandwich
or something over there I'm allowed to put whatever advertisements I want in their store.
That that it's basically they've set the precedent so I'm allowed to do it now.
You are allowed to stand you are allowed to stand up on the counter and scream whatever advertisement
you want unfortunately that may involve you getting escorted out of the store but you know
well and plus in these days and times you're not really eating inside the store anyway but you know
I digress.
Yeah so yeah so yeah there was a video like was one of the streamers a rubber ninja had posted a
video on Twitch he was playing a Mario maker 2 and it was showing you know kind of it that part
wasn't included in their campaign but he got one of those messages and so he posted that
and to see you know kind of his reaction to it as well so it's just ridiculous.
Yeah it's kind of a low blow but I think it's also I mean this is a chance for the streaming
community to also kind of like learn something from this and be cautious about this because there
was a really good comment and I have yet to acknowledge and welcome the chat room I'm sorry
guys but we were doing an important dedication at the top of the show so I do want to say hello to
the chat because we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific nine o'clock Eastern
right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at the voice of geeks network twitch.tv slash v o g
network voice of geeks network and there's some really good comments in here for example no one
special 77 starts off with a comment saying TTS or text to speech can too easily be abused
to be honest sure as shit some shithead would use TTS to say something racist or otherwise
disgusting and yes because that sort of thing happened right here on OLR right here like three
weeks ago remember that we had all those people that suddenly started watching and they all had
nasty names that I wouldn't read on air but because we have the thing that ticks across the
bottom they some of those names got out and I'm sorry about that that was but that was a
learning experience for us and now I've learned how to shut that off instantly so if if if a
name like that sneaks through you better believe you're only going to see one so and so yeah
you're right that kind of stuff can be abused and I think this is a good wake up call for all the
streamers out there who are using that text to speech plug in do they maybe want to keep using it
and again you have to do what works for you but maybe there would be like a filter or I don't
know you have to use a mod team or something yeah I would think well with some of that I'm not
sure about the the text to speech stuff but I think with the donations I'm sure there's some
sort of chat filters and stuff much like how there's moderation I would assume that that
functionality still exists and if that sniper thing was kind of being exploited granted they
can set the minimums on those donations to be read out I think and that's when the bot was doing
it was bidding the minimum so five dollars was one of the more expensive ones but I think in
the video they have like one dollar and three dollars so you're getting a one dollar advertisement
I mean that's kind of ridiculous and I could see like maybe if they did that like after like
contacting these people to do some sort of agreement but there's there's no sponsorship in
it wasn't disclosed it was a sponsorship deal or anything like that because it wasn't it was just
like basically this gorilla ad and I'm worried that like you know if this is successful like
you know we're gonna see a lot more abuse of this type of thing I don't know well I think you're
getting money you might not care I mean if especially if you're a smaller streamer but yeah
like it's still kind of shady though it's like well it even had in the video like they kind of
pointed out it's like well are you gonna just you know are we gonna do like a brand deal or
something are we gonna you're gonna sponsor me are you just gonna you're just gonna do this
nonsense to clarify though I see that there was a clarification on the article here saying that
apparently that David Madrid ran the campaign not necessarily all will be but not their main team I
guess they're associated somehow this David whatever shame on you whoever you are yeah it
doesn't matter it's just it's it's irritating though that they would do this and that
unsurprising I don't know I mean yeah I haven't seen has Burger King come out to even like say
anything about this and yeah but when did this break Friday it might not be out till Monday
yeah where's this like because this is like kind of I think there it wasn't like Burger King
tweeting this out it was this ad campaign was the ad campaign so I'm wondering where this is
you and SSG 100 Matt says shame on them for signing off on it talking about the burger chain
saying because ultimately they had to sign off on it because they had to approve the use of their
image you know this particular burger chain and again I hate giving them free advertising on the
show but it is worth mentioning I suppose this chain has thought outside the box with the gaming
industry a couple of times because yes this was crap and I think we all agree this particular
campaign was crap but let's not forget this was the same group or I don't know who did this ad
campaign but they did that genius Xbox 360 thing I mean that grant was probably 10 years ago at
this point but that was what brought us the sneak king and the bumper car game and all that stuff
that was actually that was rad and we all loved that so I I think it is worth saying not every
idea that burger chain chain has had has been awful this one is but it's a little bit I guess
maybe less surprisingly here they're trying to come up with these crazy ideas when you look at
the track record that they've done it before yeah like and I would say like if you want to even
talk about more recent success in kind of advertising like that look at KFC and what they're
doing like putting out fake games and stuff like that I would love a new set of Burger King games
to be honest even how cringy those were before that's what made them great like come on put some
more of those out again like I'm surprised that we don't see something like that or or you know
like a live stream where the king is playing games or something like that because I think they even
do have like Chuck E. Cheese or something like that is they have that kind of thing now so it's
like do something like that like just like lean full into that kind of stuff because that would
be funny and I think would give them more attention rather than we're gonna exploit some
people I mean that um orange right in chat says they also did that one commercial where they try
to get people's I've learned not to say these words on air so I'm gonna spell it a LEX A's to tell
you what the big where the big burger or what the big burger was or whatever it is so basically
you know virtual assistant yeah okay yeah hey virtual assistant you know tell me about this
and then the device goes off and I've had I've had people email this show saying you need to stop
saying things like and the the those things because my virtual assistant actually responded
to it we do we call them how close the next time I get a pet I'm gonna name it one of those no
and don't apologize orange right it was a good comment I just I those are the types of things I
have to filter is that oh yes I can't say a LEX A or it's actually gonna activate somebody's device
and it's so fun so you guys all know I've oh yeah I could that's a good idea yeah axilla okay
so my dad as you know I've been talking about the issues he's been going through he had a stroke
a few weeks ago and I'm really happy to report that he's made a virtual full recovery because
like the physical therapist actually even signed off like I have no need to come back you're doing
fine but my point is he got an Alexa well I'm sorry if I just activated it I guess I was too close to the real thing
axilla sorry um but he just got one of those and like he was like I was over there visiting and he
was like well you know the and he he points out he goes the the a LEX A but now he's actually kind
of using it for things but the point to get in one of those was it's it's kind of like the modern
equivalent of the I fallen and I can't get up is that if something happens to him he can say you
know you know who called an ambulance basically so anyway Oh Quest Buster says how about basically
getting to this point how about ax lay one of the greatest Super Nintendo shooters can call it
ax lay I like that point for you all right anything else to say about this crappy twitch campaign
and which I twitch is not involved with twitch is merely the mechanism being used to deliver it
and it's it's pretty shady but I think a lot of streamers now are probably going to be be evaluating
do I want this because do I want to be taken advantage by this so yeah I mean it's it's unfortunate
but like I'm surprised it hasn't been done sooner yeah I know I know yeah it is kind of surprising
we haven't seen it sooner so all right well let's talk a little bit about our gaming weeks and the
types of video games that we have been playing this week so dark soccer I'll start with you you
have two weeks if you want I really it's really just been Animal Crossing and I finally beat my
stupid word find game like I did 1500 puzzles in it I played Orna I touched it did you really
congrats I did I did some stuff in it and you know I was also intoxicated but I I've I really need
to get back to the last of us it's just that with you know I've got some behind the scenes crap
going on you know medical stuff so I haven't really had like a whole lot of time and then
when I have had time I've just been really tired so but we did bust out the Saturn and Dan was
playing elevator action returns which you know he loves that game and so I'm thinking about busting
out grandia again but I found a place that does that applies the English translation patch and I
don't think I would need to use a modded Saturn for it so I have to check but I was going to see
about maybe getting the translated Saturn grandia because it blows the PlayStation one out of the
water you know the PlayStation one doesn't do like the same scaling the aspect ratio is a little
bit different the graphics are not as good believe it or not for 3d and I've also been looking
at picking up some of those Dreamcast titles the after release ones so I'm doing a little bit of
perusing but we've also got other tech stuff on hand so you're going to be seeing a lot more
Apple arcade stuff coming for me I have been playing a lot of pattern but I don't go and say
this Dan and I are our 15th wedding anniversary comes up on September 1st oh wow that's right is
around the corner and since we're not going to New Orleans like the initial plan was because I have
some places to take him that's my old stomping grounds so instead we we took advantage of some
of some situations and we bought iPad iPad pros for ourselves yeah he needs the cellular one I
need a bigger hard drive so we got him a smaller cellular one we got me the bigger hard drive one
I accidentally ordered two Apple pencils oops so but for me I'm going to use it as a graphics
tablet but I want to start doing a little bit more gaming on it just because I really think that
tablet gaming is absolutely the way that a lot of portable gaming is going to go sure you know
we've got a lot of us have switches and playing that portable that's great but we already knew
Sony took their stab at it and it went I mean that to be so loud so I'm just I'm saying I want to
I'm going to put a little bit more into the other types of portable gaming and maybe give some more
reports on it I would say if Sony went but it's only because Sony didn't invest in it long enough
like I just and and there were just a few key mistakes they made that really felt like they were
detached from it but I mean the hardware the cell the PSP was a great device and so was the video
like they were great devices they just they just made a few like really key errors that were
catastrophes I'll tell you with the Vita I actually like some of the games on it so much that I
just got a PSTV you know I got the PSTV so I could play Danganronpa Ultra Despair Girls
and then there was that Tempest thing that was by the guy that made Tempest 2000 right
there were a lot of good games that I could just play on my PSTV that were absolutely wonderful
I actually do gaming now a little bit on my Apple TV I have the SteelSeries Bluetooth controller
and I've been playing Patterned on that I love Patterned
I just have to shove in here this is a great point that Bobby Blackwolf is saying in chat
I'm saying I'm considering getting a Samsung Galaxy tab for Project xCloud and that's a really good point
is that now you have a lot of like these streaming things that are you know going so it's like a tablet
can still let you play console games now I do understand there's issues with the whole Apple App Store
and the Microsoft platform and the Google state and all that I just I kind of tend to be on the side of
it will get worked out in the end because Netflix is there CBS All Access is there Spotify is there
and where all that stuff came through I do feel like it will come through eventually
it's just going to take a little time I think so even on those devices you named
no comment I know even on those devices you named you can potentially in the future play some type of streaming from a console
yeah but I only really care about the stuff I get an Apple Arcade I kind of want to keep those aspects separate
and actually I did play another game I'm in a beta I am in a beta for a game called Roll
that's it's put out by hold on I'm trying to find it again but yeah I got I'm in a beta called Roll
it's kind of like a build a deck sort of card game with dice and I haven't quite gotten the hang of it
I think the rules are a little confusing of it but but I am doing it through the iPhone beta testing software
I've got access to it so I've been really enjoying enjoying trying to get it the fuck figured out
it's a really pretty game just you know yeah it's called Roll for the Galaxy sorry
and I'll for those who are watching that's what my screen looks like so it's pretty neat so far
I'm kind of kind of digging it once I can get it better figured out and I kind of miss this card game
so yeah that's the other thing I'm playing
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says we love Roll for the Galaxy and Estrinio and her mat is like can you talk about it
like is this actually something you're allowed to talk about right now
yeah this stuff it's like a public beta now the version I'm playing I have to go through the beta testing app
because the full version isn't out but yeah Bobby I'm gonna have to pick your brain for like how to make this work
so because I'm no good at it I haven't really got the concept of it yet so I might pick your brain about it
all right Loki do you want to go next
sure so I played a little bit of Orna this week I've been mainly just watching tutorials online for different game dev things
I've been really focusing on a specific area and so I've been doing that
yeah that's all I can really say about that right now
and then what else I have a little bit of Minecraft I played Minecraft this week and I think that's about it
all right then I'll talk about my gaming week so for my gaming week a lot of the same stuff
still been playing final fantasy 14 because I always do and they brought back the yokai watch crossover event
so I was working on that and I got one of my mounts for getting all the minions so that's cool
it was really hard to understand how that stupid event works because you have to like use an item to get these metals
you use the metals to buy minions you use the minions to get certain weapons but you have to be in certain zones to get them
if it sounds complicated that's because it is but thanks to the lovely community there's some infographics that really helped break it down and explain it a little better
so I got through it so I'm up to having like three of those weapons so yeah
and let's see what else did I play this week as far as like old stuff you know the old standby stuff before the fires got crazy
between Ingress and Orna I hit 193 today level 193 in Orna it really like you can get through those first hundred levels pretty quick
and then it really starts to ramp up like the crawl from 175 to now has been very very slow
but that's good game design honestly because you don't want it to you know you don't want it to be a rush to the end
and then there's nothing to do because you're at the end and you're the most powerful player in the entire world
and a new game I played this week so yes I forced myself to play something new
I bought this game based on all the positive things I was hearing about it when it showed up at a Nintendo event earlier this week
which we'll talk about later on in the show so you might piece it together the game I bought on PC is called Hades
and it is from Supergiant Games who did Bastion was like their big game and they did what was the other game called Pyre
and there's one other one too what's that Logang you're muted
I was gonna say you didn't have it for free on the Epic Games Store because that was one of the first games that they offered
no I think I missed it whenever they gave it away on the Epic Games Store so I just bought it on Steam whatever
so yeah I hey I'm all about kicking some coin to the developer so I've been playing it on Steam
and yeah it's neat because it's kind of like a roguelike but it's a very kind of like cartoony looking game
but like in a cool way and it really like my computer's a couple years old it runs really smooth and it was just a really fluid
I think that's a good way to describe it really like kind of like fluid type of action style game and yeah I was enjoying it
you know I kind of had to figure it out like how to do everything but I suppose sometimes games kind of make you do that
so yeah that's that's a game on PC that I've heard a lot of great things about from friends
because I know they were very hyped when they announced the Switch version was coming and it was going to carry over your progress from the PC
so I thought that was pretty cool so yeah so I checked it out so all right that was my gaming week so that's it
let's get into some other gaming news all right how about Loki you want to start us off with some gaming news
yes so there's always some sort of controversy going on and now of course we have E3 having to apologize
so the E3 twitter account which is owned by the ESA of course they had tweeted out you know like those
news is slow so let's tweet out something to keep our engagement up so they had great list of games women gamers are playing
any of your favorites making the cut and it was from an article by Parade which included a bunch of games
you know just like kind of cliche games I guess but they had like you know some ridiculous stuff like Bajool classic
because diamonds are a girl's best friend am I right ladies just kind of you know sexist stuff in there and apparently
the article was written by a woman but you know and maybe it was her it was sexism right there
yeah no I know I'm not excusing it but I think it is a point that you have to say but it was definitely like it might have been her 25 favorite games
which is fine and whatever reason she liked those games great but to project that on everyone else is ridiculous
anyway I'm sorry Loki I'll let you finish
no no and from my understanding that the woman who wrote the article actually I don't know if she was very familiar with gaming in general
because she had posted a tweet earlier that was saying hey I ran this article about gaming anybody can help me out with this
and no responses so maybe this was just kind of searching the internet for you know taking other top ten lists or something and kind of compiling that together
I don't know it seems like kind of the filler piece that you would put out you know slow news type thing
which is exactly what Parade is by the way it's that insert in the Sunday newspaper that's what Parade is literally
so yeah it's literally filler content
so yeah so of course people were upset because you know it's a lot of cliches were in there and stuff and I don't know instead of
personally like I would have been like yeah okay bad articles bad you know I mean like just look at the source just like okay well these people aren't necessarily
it's not like otaku writing an article you know top games or whatever
I don't go to Parade for my gaming news
exactly so this is the type of article I might actually expect out of Parade to be quite honest
I don't know if we necessarily like need to jump down there perhaps you know ESA should have known better
I mean maybe you get better people you know some folks that are better doing the social media thing
instead of just randomly tweeting stuff out maybe you know look over the links that you're you know make sure that the content doesn't seem like it's going to be something that you would want to offend a group of people with like I don't know
to make the problem with this very clear it's not the fact that the article exists that's a problem because again it's this you know it's just it's some you know filler piece that was written by Parade
it's the fact that E3 amplified it that they use their social media in their account to amplify it and basically say this is representative of women in gaming that is a huge problem huge problem
and you know and I almost wonder you know we brought up Drag Race earlier in the show and I'm sorry not sorry but I'm going to use another reference because I think it actually fucking applies here
Dark Sakura do you remember when RuPaul got in a lot of trouble because of some of the there well and still is in trouble really because of the poor trans representation on RuPaul's Drag Race
I mean granted we've had Gia gone and things like that you're muted yeah yeah I just noticed yeah no that's terrible that was some bullshit
Do you remember when RuPaul in an attempt to save a little face went to her Twitter account and wrote a tweet saying the only criteria to be on our show is that you have charisma uniqueness and urban talent and then posted a flag
and do you know what flag that RuPaul posted on her Twitter account I do not remember that it was a trains flag what the bitch went to Google and googled trains flag
t-r-a-i-n-s flag I'm gonna have to look that bullshit up because that's funny I mean this but if you know it's it's Tara it's like one of those like oh my god grandma stop you're making it worse like it's one of those type of situations
So anyway the reason why I bring that up and yes it is relevant here to E3 you're damn right I just tied RuPaul and E3 together because I bet E3 realizing oh today is the 100th anniversary of women getting the right to vote
you know what we should do we should post an article about women gaming let's go to Google women playing game and what do you want to bet I would bet you money that is what happened at E3 headquarters please note that is not excusing it that is not saying it was okay I'm just pointing out how stupid of a mistake it was
yeah and how you can't rely on way you rely on Google to do your social media work yes that's the first article that pops up
Rob Roberts industry analyst they get please use my title please use my title moving forward
I'm sorry I just had like a big oops and now my vehicle Voltron is missing his head act Efton chat says let Loki speak no it's my week to speak yes Loki can speak just the thing is is that I'm really tired of these tone deaf celebrities thinking that you know just because they have fame on their side that what they have to say is relevant and know the fuck not it's relevant you need to learn to shut your fuck up and know your role
you know I'm thinking of 25 games that women play I'm using my quote he fingers and I'm like you know clearly the people at E3 who probably didn't even read this article before posting it they do not know the same people that I know because I'm like where's where's Resident Evil
where's Dead by Daylight where's like all the murder games because maybe it's just the women I know but like there's a lot of you know what actually at the end of the day you know what games women are playing the exact same games as men and that my friends should have been the tweet
should have been the tweet so it's just a bunch of misogynist garbage because like we are 50% of the gaming population like that is a bona fide number and the fact that these you know little shits are out there and yeah I'm gonna I'm on a roll I'm gonna I'm gonna put my Voltron back together and explain a thing
actually legit broke off that's sad anyway but at any rate what I was gonna say is that we are still fighting stereotypes that have been perpetrated not just in the video games but of course it's gonna bleed over because everything at some point was a man's domain
that's that was the thought you know but then you want to look actually more into the way history is gone women have been I'd say some of the oh gosh some of the truest innovators like I'm gonna actually throw out a historical thing out here you know where the word computer came from
where they would actually use humans to compute complex mathematical equations and at the beginning of the space race it was women specifically many women of color on top of it who were human computers hidden figures is all about right well part of it yeah you know but it was something that had gone on in plenty of other scientific fields too
and then but now we have this thing where oh math and science is the man's thing blah blah blah or like Barbie I don't like math you know I mean but look at it we we like kind of the scary violent stuff I mean how many women do you know who know all about serial killers just saying and we ain't gonna play Resident Evil please and that whole thing's gotten even more in 2020 right because y'all are staying at home and watching Netflix Docs
for the record I am not a serial killer fan I just like watching unsolved mysteries and forensic files because I like forensic files I like I started off in college and geology that's what my sister does for a living so believe me I'm surrounded by it and I hate that stuff I hate it I hate it well but I like the science around it but but I mean like y'all have seen the games that I'm into and I am certainly not alone in it you know
like how how many times have I played through the Mass Effect trilogy how many times I played through Dragon Age what am I playing right now other than Animal Crossing you know
and that's why it's so irritating that this list comes out and it's like Candy Crush and I mean granted Animal Crossing was on it but any list in 2020 is gonna have Animal Crossing on it because it's what a lot of people are playing
men women non binaries everybody all ages all we're all every single one of us is playing Animal Crossing because it's the escapism that we have right now you know so I just it just it was the infuriating part of that is how E3 endorsed that and I was really mean on Twitter
I don't get nasty to corporations on Twitter very often I don't but I went like I went full 11 Karen on the ESA because what I thought was very interesting it's the E3 tweet that went viral the ESA the actual organization that puts on E3 wrote the same thing and two people had replied to it I was one of them
and my reply was basically along the lines of how dare you represent this organization when you tweet tone deaf stuff like this and give this stuff a voice I don't maybe I could dig up my tweet but it was just basically like and that's where that's where my mind was that is that what what don't you don't you remember
when video games were for nerds were for people in mom's basement when video games were frowned on because only like people with social problems play video games because they have nothing else to do that's how a certain generation of individuals views video games and probably still does today
I feel like a comment on here by someone who goes by Stephanie not a burrito I've been playing video games for 30 years and you're still going to reduce me to checks notes Kim Kardashian Hollywood adventure I hope someone loses their job over this garbage article
yeah and and it's just it infuriated me that the ESA is obviously being run by people in that same generation who think that you know gamers are shut ins and and social recluses and things like that well guess what everyone it's 2020 and in the year 2020 we believe that video games are for everyone
and that that is the message that a organization that claims to support this industry that takes this industry's money to represent their best interest that puts on this show that is supposed to be the pinnacle thing of our industry every year that's the message the ESA is obligated to communicate is that video games are for everyone
so when they tweet out this tone deaf shit instead that is what is infuriating and by golly that is why the ESA is imploding and that is why E3 isn't happening it's not because of COVID it's because the ESA is a mismanaged organization and this is proof we need new representation in the video game industry
I rest my case
it's, it's just more shit like that that makes it really hard to be a woman or demi woman or anyone on the female end of the spectrum of gender to still be taken seriously in gaming I mean I still get bullshit
I mean and how long have I been fucking doing this show 18 years right. Mm hmm. You know I have friends of mine who are, who don't play online games anymore because of toxic little man children on the internet.
And then we have E3 who's supposed to you know like you were saying represent all the gamers pulling this no you're not making anything any easier for us we we play the same games the dudes do okay gaming knows no gender. Fuck off.
The ESA has still not apologized for the data breach of all the journalists and their personal information from E3. When is change going to happen at that organization.
It's time.
And until they make changes at that organization you can kiss E3 goodbye.
Because it's not that it shouldn't happen. It's that it's going to fall up its own asshole so hard. It can't happen until they make changes.
Am I wrong.
You're not wrong, but you remember what I told you about 2020 earlier today. Mm hmm. They can also eat a bag of rusty iron dicks.
Just saying.
Tiger claw linked.
Thank you. I can always trust Tiger claw or dark Tetsuya in chat to be the live fact checkers. While the show is going. So here's what I said to the ESA and I believe this.
The fact that you'd retweet this shit article that belittles women gamers is that they can't play the same stuff as men is a great example of one. The ESA is a badly run org to your expo is fucked and was fucked before COVID ever showed up, delete this ad and delete your entire account by.
And then I followed that up with a tweet that said me walking into the next ESA board meeting, and it's a video clip of Heidi and closet from RuPaul's Drag Race on tucked going, fuck you fuck you fuck you and fuck you.
Okay, so I'm actually making a tweet right now. I've been sitting on it for a while trying to decide what I want to say. Well, and I feel like I just want to say, I just before you send anything off, I just want to make sure you know.
E3 did pull the tweet and say we goofed.
Yeah, so screenshot so I know we all got the receipts girl but E3 did pull the tweet and say our bad. Basically, um, yeah, that's, that's kind of not good enough.
Yeah, you guys, not at all. There's a sweep under the rug movement you know it's it's basically garbage.
But what I said is here's my two cents on the E3 and their tweet gaming knows the gender women are 50% of the gaming community proven we play the same games the male end of the spectrum plays we play with non binary people play all genders play the
same pool of games kindly fuck off. Yeah.
Video games.
Attention ESA video games are for everyone. You put it on the flag, or you fucking get out of this industry.
Because you your archaic views are no longer welcome in this industry.
They're not.
The people are no longer welcome at all, just no matter what they say people who are like that I need a flag, I need a flag. Do you hear that people sing, sing the songs of angry men and women and non binary individuals.
I say humans.
Anyway, yeah.
It's bullshit.
Absolutely. All right, no we went off girl I know it's been it's been a nice novel will not sit still fine you want to sit in the front row you can sit in the front row.
All right, moving on.
Why why are you asking, do you need a little Pokemon Sorry, oh you can't. You guys can't even see because that part of my screens cut off Nevermind then. All right.
Do you need a trains flag. No, no we do not need a train spot my dad did work in trains for many years, and I'm sure he would appreciate it, but there's another community that needs our support, a little bit more right now and you're going to need to delete
one letter to make it. Oh my god I found the RuPaul tweet by the way that is some absolute bullshit is, isn't it one of those like grandma step away from the keyboard.
Grandma stop grandma, grandma, please do not please do not tweet at the Olive Garden grandma, they're not listening. I reposted my tweet with correct grammar so just saying.
All right, I'm going to move on to the next story just in the interest of time because we'll be here all night screaming at the ESA. All right, um, let's talk about some movement forward in our industry, shall we, and let's talk about Microsoft redoing the user
interface on the Xbox series x of course, and this is going to be something that will trickle down to Xbox one, and also going to impact what game pass will look like on PC as well as well as even Xbox on mobile.
So it's kind of like a unified interest interface across all of those platforms. So they showed some pictures of what it will look like it has some elements of a familiar looking crossbar, but I'm not going to say it's copy because it's very much not, they're
definitely doing kind of a different little spin on it.
And it does seem to make a little more sense, certainly than what Microsoft was doing before, which, for better or for worse, the Xbox one interface was designed for connect the gamers pushed back on connect and connect was forced to be removed, yet the interface that was still
like a connect interface was kind of stuck. So this is the first time now that Microsoft can kind of reinvent without feeling like connect is there because it's it's not for most people now.
So anyway, they went on to say that gamer choice is a big part of this. And this also strikes me as something that's in the messaging for the Xbox series x about how you need to be able to like flip games on a dime, like I'm playing this game and then I'm gonna flip over here
and pick off where I was at here. It's kind of part of like what the solid state drive and all this does. But you notice that continued messaging and what they say. That means the way you manage your hardware and games, the way you find what you want to play next and the way you communicate and share with friends, whatever device you use, we aspire to deliver an amazing Xbox experience that keeps you connected to games and friends throughout your day.
And then they talk about instant welcome and however you choose to play. So whether you're alone on your console or getting friends together. So they're kind of like, you know, tying that sort of element together to make that easier to understand for when you have guests.
And then they're talking about Xbox assist also on the console. And then of course, again, selling that like kind of solid state drive, the Xbox series x will set a new bars for speed when it launches this November. And we're taking the experience to accelerate across Xbox.
So I gotta say the Xbox interface, it does feel a little bit clunky. I think it's more the speed than anything that kind of bothers me about that interface. But PlayStation is just as bad if not worse, especially when you're trying to navigate the store.
So a nice bump in speed for hardware for both of these platforms is going to go a very long way. And it'll be kind of nice to see that everything is unified, you know, between all those different platforms. It also is bringing together the the PC environment and the Xbox environment even more so. So that's just going to make some people go even more. Do I really need an Xbox?
Well, if you're paying for Game Pass, then Microsoft still loves you no matter what, right? Crystal Skies 80 in our chat says I just reset up my Kinect. I'm not saying Kinect is bad. I'm just saying the gamers rejected it, meaning they did not believe it should be included with the Xbox one.
And to be fair, I think a big reason they rejected it is that the variety of Kinect and what it did in that interface in the Microsoft wasn't really sold very well. And the games, you know, it was a lot of dance games, a lot of fitness games. It never really broke that mold.
Yes, you started to see things like Disneyland adventures and stuff that was doing different stuff. But there was nothing like, let's say, Wii Sports in the Xbox one environment specifically. I would say they did a very good job with a lot of that stuff when Kinect was on 360. But there was nothing on that level with Xbox one. But anyway, let's see some other comments here.
VGRealness says the PS4 interface is so slow. I don't understand why it's so bad. Yeah, I agree. Yyr in chat says granted, it hasn't really been tailored for Kinect in a while. This is an evolution rather than a major change.
Yeah, I'm just saying that their base square that they had to start from had Kinect in it. So they were tied to that for a little bit until Microsoft was really free of that. And then they didn't really make a radical change from that. A lot of what you saw in that interface is still there. Yes, they made a lot of changes. But this is going to be a big change. But this is the time to do it, I think.
All right. Anyway, so I look forward to seeing how this is going to look on Series X and PC and all of that. So a new look for Microsoft coming later this year.
All right, moving on. Why don't we get to Dark Soccer? You have a follow up on some exciting stuff from this week?
I do. And I watched it happen last night. I was so excited. So Summer Games Done Quick 2020 was all online. It was amazing. And I saw some fantastic runs and had to mute the audio a couple of times. But overall, Dan and I tried to watch most of it even. We even had it on while both of us were working.
So we're super happy to say that after the week, they raised over two point three million for Doctors Without Borders. That's great.
And of course, they've had some really big donations from Yeti and Fan Gamer, but they also were able to take bits. The little biddies were were added into that final total as well.
And so we watched it ended with Pokemon Shield, which, you know, it was a nice give you a watch. I kind of half watched watched it, too. I watched the beginning of it. I thought it was really neat.
Had a lot of it going. I actually donated for the Half-Life Alex run, which then I tried to watch it and got like super motion sick.
But but it ended. They had hit the the incentive for the Isle of Armor.
So that was pretty cool. And yeah, I was I sat there and watch that number roll over. It was pretty rad. And of course, that's going to just go to help so many people.
And I really think that doing it online this way. I mean, you know, we miss the couch. We miss the in-person, you know, banter and everything. But it gave a chance to a lot of people to do their hosting chops like Bobby.
It gave a lot of different runners a chance to participate in it who might not have been able to come out otherwise.
You know, a very good point that came out about that run that Bobby was hosting the Devil May Cry 4 run, which was great. I watched that whole thing.
Bobby did a great job as host, even despite the technical hiccups that happens like he he just he did his job very well.
All the commentators were on fire. They were doing a very good job. But Bobby was very good at when he was called on. He did his thing.
He just popped in and out just like he's supposed to do and let the commentators get back to it. And none of his jokes.
I mean, he definitely prepared jokes, but they didn't feel forced. I thought he did a very, very good job. So props to him.
And I think it's it's weird to hear that a massive chat room actually responded positively to him because I associate so many chat rooms like garbage comments.
So I wasn't even in there, but some of our other VOG fam were in there and said Bobby got was well received and he earned he earned it.
So congratulations. But the point I want to make with the whole virtual thing, that whole Devil May Cry 4 run and how well received it was.
Well, the speed runner for that was a Russian guy. And if the thing had been in person, you know, just with the state of the world being as it is and the fact that just getting here from Russia is going to be expensive anyway.
He may not have been able to attend an in-person event. I don't know his life.
Maybe he could. But let's you know, let's say that there probably are some speed runners that couldn't do it if it was in person.
So the virtual event lended itself well to that. But I don't think I don't think it should all be.
Yeah, absolutely. And I don't think it should all be virtual.
Well, obviously during covid, it's going to have to be. But, you know, long term, you know, the four years from now.
I think the nice thing will be maybe there's a little hybrid there. There's still the in-person convention, fun stuff.
But maybe when they need 30 minutes to change something up on the stage, you know what?
We're going to go to a god mode exhibition right now from one of our speed runners in Russia.
Let's let's go to it, you know, and that could be a really cool way to maybe fill some time.
And then I know a lot of it becomes a more international event in the unites the world.
World of gamers. Yeah. So I think it would be great to maybe see like a little bit of a hybrid.
I don't I don't think it needs to like be mostly virtual.
I'm talking post covid and post pandemic, because if the flu of 1918 ended at one point, this one will, too.
It'll just take some time and some better leadership.
There's probably some games they wouldn't even be able to run.
I would think they're supposed to play with the exhibitions, with Pump It Up and stuff like that.
Pump It Up one's pretty cool. They might be able to do it if they were willing to broadcast from their arcade.
Because when they do it on site, you know, the on site and I didn't realize how much went on until Bobby and Jason last year were telling me about it.
But they have, you know, not just what you see on Twitch, but there's a whole 24 hour arcade next door.
They have panels going on. It's basically a week long gaming convention, essentially.
So it would be if they could get cameras in the arcade. Tokyo attacked. I'm sure they have Pump It Up machines.
They might be able to do it on site still.
But I'm thinking more like the VR stuff is a great example, because that's kind of a pain in the ass to set up in person.
And the runners who might not be able to get here otherwise would be great to have just a little bit of that international flavor.
You know, maybe one or two a day tops, you know, just to spice it up a little.
Do we, with all respect to the recaps and the clever things they're doing there, do we need that?
Or could we maybe squeeze in a couple other speed runs from around the globe?
But these are questions GDQ is going to have to answer. I'm not in a position to do that.
And I'm not I'm not saying it was bad before. Certainly not.
The constant question. We're already a 10 out of 10 event. How do we make it 11? Right?
And maybe these are questions to make it 11.
Questbuster in chat says the Half-Life Alyx run was awesome. Seeing the physical stuff the runner went through to do the tricks was a big part of that.
So, yeah, Bobby did a great job hosting and I tried to donate and get my donation read.
But I guess I snuck in an in-joke that didn't get through the screeners, which I so I'm not mad about it because the end of the day, it's about the charity.
It's about the speed runners. But when I send him my donation, I didn't put in my donation as Rob Roberts.
I put in my donation as Mr. Smoosh, hoping that Bobby would read that.
And then the people that know would laugh because, oh, that we know who Mr. Smoosh is.
But oh, well, it didn't get through. I did. I just did my usual one.
You know, every year that I've donated for the last however many years, I've always introduced myself the same way on everyone.
And then when Dan does it, he's just like, here's the money.
Here's the money. Like, take our money.
And the fact that Dan donates actually is saying something because he's pretty cheap.
All right. Let's move on, though. Congratulations to everybody involved with Games Done Quick, Bobby too.
And I don't know, was Jason involved? I didn't ask Jason if he had any involvement this year because he's been an on-site volunteer.
So I don't know if he did anything with a virtual event, but but but a hello and thank you to Jason for just being there anyway.
He does a lot of great work with our voiceovers, if nothing else.
Let's move on. We have more gaming news to get to.
Yes, this is exciting news that came out at the end of the Nintendo Indies little trailer that they did.
I wouldn't say it's a trailer. Direct, I guess.
But apparently Untitled Goose Game is going to be getting a new free update on September 23rd.
And as part of that, they're going to have co-op play being added to the game.
So that's pretty awesome. Twice the goose power.
It'll be Untitled Geese?
Yes, Untitled Geese Game.
Which has finally brought one of the pre-show bumpers to light.
So if you listen on the podcast feed, you don't understand what I'm talking about.
But if you watch on Twitch, it always opens up with and it's a throwback to some would say Dragon Con TV, which yes,
but it's a real, real throwback to the show.
You can't do that on television where something is preempted so that the in fact, you know what?
Hell with it. Hell with it. Even for you podcast folks, I'm going to play one right now.
So it has the little animation here for VOG and then it gets into this.
Microsoft Fight Simulator will not be seen tonight so that we can bring you this special presentation.
OK, so ha ha. Get it? Because Flight Simulator is a big game this week.
I worked very hard on photoshopping that logo, by the way.
So anyway, my point is, we actually had Untitled Geese Game as one of those before one of our episodes,
except it was a picture of Geese Howard from King of Fighting.
But still, we were close.
Predictable.
That would have been fun. Yeah.
But yes, I'm very, very excited to see that update. That'd be pretty fun to see.
And hey, we can see some co-op speed runs now because I know Untitled Geese Game was one that's been in previous GDQs.
Yeah, I can't wait to see what happens with that.
All right.
So let's talk about some of the other things that were shown at the Nintendo Direct, the Mini Direct, the Indie Direct.
I mentioned earlier in the show, I actually saw, hey, already a success because I ended up buying Hades
because of that Direct, but they did announce that Hades is going to be coming to the Switch as well.
So that's pretty cool.
They also spent a little time talking about a game called Raji, an ancient epic,
which is a game set in ancient India and inspired by Hindu and Balinese mythology.
I've been seeing our friend Shivam play it.
Yeah.
Talk about it. It looks really, really cool. I'm considering it.
It looks honestly like my gut reaction said it looks like Princess of Persia, like with the gameplay and everything.
I thought it looked pretty cool. So I'm definitely interested in picking that up.
I've heard some very positive things about it and that looks really cool.
It looks like it's a very tactful way to represent some of those stories and so forth in game.
I thought it was really cool.
They also showed Spiritfarer for the Switch.
Now, Spiritfarer also came out on Xbox Game Pass and I think it's also on Steam and Epic Store.
So Spiritfarer came out a lot of places, but it was also in this presentation.
So there is that.
And then a game called A Short Hike, which you can play at your own pace.
You choose whatever path you want.
It has a very interesting kind of retro look to it.
It was kind of interesting looking.
A very common theme for a lot of these things they announced during that Indie Direct releases today.
Like almost all of those things I mentioned.
Raji released today. Hades didn't.
But then Spiritfarer did. A Short Hike did.
And there was a couple others too.
So they announced there was Torchlight 3.
They showed it's going to be coming to the Switch as well.
A game called Takishi and Hiroshi.
I hope I said that right. Sorry.
Hypnospace Outlaw.
Card Shark, which looked kind of interesting.
I don't know. That was kind of a weird one to me, but I was interested.
Oh, here's the other later today.
Manifold Garden, which looked kind of like a physics puzzle type of game.
Kind of looked interesting.
I think Shane told me he was playing that and he enjoyed that.
So there's that.
Subnautica and Subnautica Below Zero were confirmed for a Switch launch in 2021.
Garden Story. That game looked really cute coming in 2021 as well.
Then there was Evergate and a game called Baron Breakfast.
Yeah, that was cute.
I forgot to mention what I was talking about in title of the game.
They announced that there's going to be a physical release of that as well.
So that's something else you can look forward to if you haven't picked it up yet.
Crystal Skies80 in our chat says,
Spiritfarer is Game of the Year material for me.
Well, that's quite the hype for that.
So I might have to check that out.
So many games. So little time.
But Spiritfarer is on Xbox Game Pass, thankfully.
So even though I might not get to it on Switch,
because, you know, I'll probably just get it on Game Pass,
I'll have to check it out. Sounds really cool.
So, yeah, I really, you know, the presentation overall,
I really enjoyed it. I thought for a quickie, you know,
and of course there's those goddamn people on Twitter
replying what Smash Brothers win.
New character Smash win. And it's like,
you fucking assholes, shut up.
Like, how much plainer English can Nintendo say,
this is an indie event and we're not showcasing anything first party today?
They're just trolling, I think. They know better.
Because they said it on the Twitter, they said it on the actual direct.
It's just people trolling, is what it is.
Fine. Then the trolls need to shut up, too,
because they're muffling the noise of the people that are legitimately excited about some of the games.
And I thought Nintendo did a really good job on that presentation.
Or I should say the indies did a really good job on that presentation.
So, all right. Well, let's move on.
We have more stories. Right, DarkSagra?
That we do. That we do.
So, and you actually made a little mention of this as far as style.
We were talking about that other game,
but Prince of Persia, the remake, there's a listing for it online
for Nintendo Switch and PS4, estimated to be released November of this year.
And if you are a Prince of Persia fan, I mean, honestly enough,
I think it would be absolutely delightful to have something like that on Switch.
Although the main dude only looks like vaguely Persian.
So, just saying.
Well, that is a classic, classic PC gaming to our early, late 80s computing.
I think the original Prince of Persia was like Apple IIe and Commodore 64 and TI-99A.
Like, you know, all those computers that were out in the 80s.
That original was like a quintessence.
Actually, no, I don't know if it goes back quite that far.
I don't know if it goes all the way back to Apple IIe,
but certainly like Macintosh and like that maybe later 80s era of home computing.
Well, I have more.
So, at any rate, Ubisoft hasn't given any confirmation about it,
but we do have an Ubisoft Forward event happening pretty soon.
And the source came from a Nintendo distributor in Guatemala called Max.
So, take it as you will, but I would imagine they had to have something to make that go.
And we've been seeing the Prince of Persia rumors, you know,
going around about a new version coming out.
And one of the engineers from Ubisoft teasing something.
So, we'll see what happens.
YYR in chat is asking, not on Xbox?
If this remake is what we think it is,
they were already on Microsoft and Sony platforms some time ago.
Yeah, I'm trying to pull up the original.
Yeah, it's only listing Sony and Nintendo.
Oh, I thought it was on Microsoft too. That's weird.
No, the image is, and for those, for our people in chat,
I'll be more than happy to give a link to the tweet to them.
But you might, someone posted it called Ken Ziro,
so K-E-N-X-Y-R-O on August 19th if our listeners want to look for the tweet.
I'll link it in chat for our live people.
All right. Well, we'll see what comes to this.
I think looking forward to that Ubisoft forward event is a very good chance.
We'll hear a little more of this at that time.
In the meantime, in the meantime,
a few more stories before we get to the classic game of the week, starting with Loki.
Yes, this is kind of ridiculous, but I'm not a huge brand loyal person,
but apparently a lot of folks are really into Supreme
and their product lines and clothing lines.
Well, if you're really a huge fan of Supreme and a fan of Mortal Kombat,
you can get some horrible abomination that is a combination of those two
in the Supreme Mortal Kombat arcade cabinet from Arcade 1UP.
It has got Raiden ducked out in Supreme gear,
and it says Supreme on top instead of Mortal Kombat.
That's a bad idea.
It's also got Supreme, the stand at the bottom to raise it up as well.
Yeah, I don't think I would want that.
YYR is asking a very valid question in chat right now.
What is Supreme?
It's brand and it's terrible and boring.
I don't know.
It's like clothing.
It's really boring looking branding.
I mean, it honestly is like your branding sucks.
See, when I gave this a once over, I thought that it was like,
oh, they're coming out with another cabinet,
but Arcade 1UP already has one.
Okay, Supreme is an American skateboarding shop
and clothing brand established in New York City in 94.
The brand caters to skateboarding and hip hop cultures
as well as to youth culture in general.
The brand produces clothes and accessories and also manufactures skateboards.
So this might be where some of the disconnect is,
is that this is a brand catered towards a younger audience.
And let's be real, we're all in our late 30s and early 40s now here at OLR.
So these are clothes that probably don't even fit us.
So there's a little bit like, who is this really tart?
I mean, I get it.
But why would you want that on an arcade cabinet?
It just seems kind of silly.
Like, I don't know.
Like, I wouldn't want, you know.
I can't, I can't wait for the Calvin Klein, you know,
Prince of Persia machine to come out.
Yeah, like just like something like I wouldn't even like
if I'm going to get an arcade cabinet, you're going to you would want you would be.
I don't know, like it would be silly, like if they really wanted to go all out,
I think they should go, you know, double down on it and they should have like
reskin the actual characters in the game to be all wearing Supreme stuff.
That would be like kind of ridiculous enough for this cabinet.
But the fact that you're just putting like a new.
It's just it almost looks like a parody like on the outside.
I just don't see the point.
Let me be that guy and ask the devil a good question.
Isn't Mortal Kombat kind of that video game, though?
Isn't Mortal Kombat kind of that parody video game, though?
Like if any video game were to have all their characters,
like wouldn't Mortal Kombat be that game?
No, no, I don't think it would be.
Crystal Skies 80 in chat says there is a large crossover between Mortal Kombat
and the hip hop community.
And I OK, I have no doubt market research.
Yeah, but I think this could have very easily been a lot of different video games.
I would say maybe Mortal Kombat and Warner Brothers
was probably the first to answer the phone.
So. All right. Anyhow, let's move on.
Someone likes us.
All right. Let's move on and talk about control.
So last week on the program, we talked about how there was a report
that control would not be doing free upgrades, basically,
like if you own the PlayStation 4 version, too bad.
You had to buy it again if you wanted it on PlayStation 5.
Same thing in the Microsoft climate as well.
Well, this week, 505 Games kind of responded to this
and firmed their stance, basically, saying the following.
While it is challenging bringing any game to next gen platforms,
we quickly realized it was even more difficult to upgrade our current user base
to next gen with full parity across platforms with our year old game.
Every avenue we pursued, there was some form of blocker
and those blockers meant that at least one group of players
ended up being left out of the upgrade for various reasons.
As of today, we can't offer an upgrade to everyone
and leaving any one group out feels unfair.
Now, there's a couple of ways to take that comment
because I think a lot of people probably at first glance read that comment
and go, they're just blowing smoke up our ass. They don't want to do it.
But there's another part of me that reads this comment
and that goes, 505's throwing shade.
They're not making their target clear.
Somebody isn't playing nice and they're not willing to out the bitch, basically,
because probably the ramifications.
I can't imagine, though, who that would be that's not playing nice
because if you think about it, there's plenty of other third party games
that are offering these free upgrades to the next gen thing
and they're offering it as well, but only for this ultimate edition thing
that you have to repurchase.
I was going to say, there's probably some type of issue there
and that's what the articles I'm reading are theorizing too
is that it might have to do with you have the old version of the game,
that doesn't mean you get the ultimate version with everything on it for free.
So there might be a problem there.
They want people to maybe...
I'm not buying it, sorry.
Because I could get it if it was like, you know,
well, we want to do all the stuff for the ultimate version,
but because of that, we can't make the regular version and that's why.
For example, say they were trying to push something with the DLC
that technology-wise, they couldn't do it on the current generation systems.
It was just so amazing that they could only do it on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X.
And that's why they're like, OK, well, this version we can only sell on the systems.
But you're creating the assets, you're creating the game already
for the other system and the current gen system.
But for whatever reason, like if you even own the DLC,
like you have part A and part B and then you're selling part A and B together now as well.
But for some reason, this one can go and be upgraded, but the other one can't.
That doesn't make any sense.
It's the same game, essentially, except one of them has the DLC bundled with it
and the other one, you buy it separately.
I don't understand it.
To me, this sounds like a whole lot of the Assassin's Creed issue where they're like,
oh, yeah, you know, creating female characters is just too hard.
We would have to create all this extra clothing to fit on the female characters.
It's impossible. We can't do it.
I think it's more of it's expensive to do this.
And we want to sell you this copy because we need to
recoup the cost.
We need to offset the cost to develop this new version is what it is.
It's ridiculous.
It's absolutely ridiculous that it even pulled this.
All right. Well, it is what it is.
They did so consider that if you're going to buy control, because I,
I still need to play that game, but I'll tell you, I'm just going to sit and wait,
at least until I'm not going to buy it now.
If they're not going to give a free upgrade, I'll wait for the PlayStation
five and Xbox one versions or I'm sorry, Xbox Series X versions and do it then.
Or even better, just wait for it to come on to games pass,
which is, you know, didn't they say it was going to come to Game Pass at some point?
I thought they announced it and then I don't know.
I could be making it up. There's a lot of games.
There's a lot of games that I thought were coming to Game Pass,
like Final Fantasy 13, like a year ago that still haven't.
So I don't know. All right. Anyhow, let's move on.
Let's let's go back to a simpler time there.
There wasn't really ultimate editions of games.
We might have got an HD edition years later.
Wink, wink. Right.
But there was no we didn't get the same game on the very next platform.
All right. Anyway, it's the classic game of the week.
I could have done that transition better, but oh, well, classic of the week.
So every week, dark soccer likes to step into the gaming vault
and find a game that she thinks, hey, you brats, check out this game,
because it's a class seek dark soccer.
What is the class line and go to an arcade?
I do want to warn the B roll tonight is only like two or three minutes.
So it's not going to cover the entire segment.
So if anyone needs a break and I should kill your camera, let me know.
All right. But it's the classic game of the week.
So dark soccer. What did you pick for us tonight?
I picked under defeat.
So it was a shooter game that was developed by Jireb,
released in Japanese arcades in 2005.
So it's an alternate reality during World War Two,
where you control German characters under the banner of the empire,
fighting the enemies called the Union,
the speak English and possess weapons that are patterned after real weapons.
So they're actually a patterned story after Allied and Axis powers.
So the there was a Dreamcast version released in 2006
and marketed as the last game for the system, although it actually was not.
But it wasn't really given great reviews, more like average,
because it's pretty, you know, pretty derivative.
You know, all shooters have been done,
but it did get a HD release for PS3 and Xbox 360 in 2002.
That was published by Rising Star Games.
It was updated to contain improved visuals, different control scheme options,
and new gameplay modes to adapt for the 16.9 display.
And of course, it was re-released in arcades cool enough as under defeat HD plus.
So with this game, you are a helicopter pilot
and you can rotate it kind of like Zero Gunner 2.
But most of the time, it's just very, you know, traditional
compared to a lot of the Toaplan games like Twin Cobra.
It does use 3D graphics and sort of a 2D setting with an angled perspective
to give things a little bit more depth.
But it's very, you know, it's very simple.
Simple, you know, machine gun, bomb button, that's it.
And of course, you've got some different things.
It's a very unique visual style for Shmups, I think,
like the kind of like tilted sort of view it has.
But the game plays like any other.
So you have three attacks, you've got your machine gun,
your bombs, and your options.
So if you hold down the fire button or the X button,
you're going to get a continuous stream of bullets with the machine gun.
This is your primary weapon.
And you start with three bombs, but you can accumulate up to six.
You get a full screen blast.
We all know how that happens in these games.
And then you'll get different weapon assist options
that will give you extra firepower.
And it'll cycle through depending on where you are in the game
and what your stages are.
Your helicopter can move in eight directions,
although your speed is fixed based on how the screen is scrolling.
You can have your left-right directions reversed in pilot style,
but it happens like in the game.
As far as the big thing that is,
I'd say its selling point with the original is your resolution mode.
So if you tap the R button on this, you'll get four different modes,
one that rotates the whole screen 90 degrees to the right.
You can also do it the other way.
If you were doing this at home, though,
you would have to have your TV on its side.
So having one of those rotating screens,
it really is kind of hard.
But at any rate, you've got a few different kind of weapons options.
You'll get the weapons option.
You have Vulcan machine gun, which is the same as your main gun.
It's a fast recharge, but weak in power.
You have a green cannon that's at eight moderately powerful salvos
that are fired one every second.
It can take out both small and medium.
It takes some helicopters with one shot.
It has a longer recharge and it has a shorter range than the rocket grenade.
And that's the last one, the rocket grenade,
which is a single powerful shot.
And it'll take out nearly every enemy in the game
and has blast radius damage.
Really good for bosses, but it has a long recharge period.
You also do get some point modifiers by multiplying your support.
Different multipliers get it go up.
You can get up to as large as 10,000 times modified.
As I was saying, though, it was released in Japanese arcades on October 27, 2005.
It had a soundtrack that was released in December.
The Dreamcast port came out March 23, 2006.
And it was announced basically five years after Sega said
that they were going to stop supporting the system.
The other games that came out after it, though,
were Triggerheart, Excellica, and Paris,
which might end up being the future games of the week.
We'll see.
But GRAM thought the game was a commercial success.
It sold through its first printing in one week.
It was basically their best-selling game since border down in 2003.
And they, of course, limited release
and had another limited edition with a pack-in CD.
It was different than the initial CD that came out.
And so since people were like,
we want more, we want more,
GREV did release the HD version of Under Defeat
for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 in October 2011.
It was published by Rising Star Games.
And normally, a lot of the GREV games were Xbox 360 exclusives,
but they did go in with a PS3 port as well
in the digital storefronts that are.
So yeah, it's got all kinds of different modes in it.
I won't go into it for,
I know we have a lot of fans in there,
but it did, it was basically just considered to be,
you know, the perspectives on it were really novel,
but it was just considered to be fairly mediocre.
I mean, just like middle of the road for shooters,
like right above average for your shooter.
It got a C plus or maybe a B minus.
But it didn't have any inventive bullet patterns.
The scoring method was pretty, you know, cut and dried.
The controls were the same as most other ones out at the time.
So yeah, it was fairly average,
but it does have that novelty
of being a very late Dreamcast release.
So that's kind of fascinating how late this came out.
Yeah, and G Rev, I mean themselves,
G Rev has had some amazing shooters.
I mean, they've also, you know, done some puzzle games
and things like that.
But I mean, they also assisted on Gradius 5
and they worked with Yuichi Hiroshi,
who worked on Ikaruga on their game, Astrania.
So they've, there are no newbies to this.
They've done some fantastic games on here.
The last arcade game, though, was Under the Heat HD.
So I think that that also has, it should be important.
One of the more recent ones for the record, though, by the way,
was Darius first Chronicle Saviors,
which has been absolutely hilarious
to watch for their Sega themed add-ons.
So, but yeah, going back to the original topic, though,
it's absolutely, it's pretty, I'll give it that.
It's a pretty game, but it's novel
for its relation to Dreamcast release.
All right.
Well, thank you for bringing that game to our attention,
Dark Sakura.
It's a fun romp.
It's a fun romp.
Under Defeat is a classic game of the week,
if you want to look that up.
All right.
Or the, you know, you probably are going to have a hard time
finding that, well, no, you're not,
because Dreamcast games are pirated so easily.
Not that I would ever advocate piracy,
but let's just be real.
If you wanted to find it, it's pretty easy.
But these remakes that they did for like PS3 and stuff
are certainly worth your time as well,
if you want to check it out.
I mean, it's not the best shooter you'll ever play,
but it's a romp.
All right.
Anyway, thank you, Dark Sakura, as always.
Let's move on with our show.
We got some rapid fire news, some quick news bullet points
for tonight.
Loki, we'll start with you, I think.
Yeah.
So there was the whole DC Fan Fest thing that was going on.
There was a fan dome.
So there was lots of announcements
regarding DC properties, including a few games.
So we, of course, got confirmation.
Lots of movie trailers, too.
And that terrible Batman that's going to come out.
Can't we just have like a half a fun Batman movie?
Yeah, I don't know.
We'll see.
I have mixed feelings on the trailer,
but I thought it would be worse.
I'll put it that way.
But anyway, sorry.
But if you want to see our Discord,
this is a good chance for me to shout out the Discord,
vognetwork.com slash Discord.
I saw Tigerclaw and other people there dropping the trailers
that were released from that event
because there was the Zack Snyder kind of Justice League
got a thing.
Wonder Woman has a new trailer where you can actually kind of,
you can see Cheetah in it, finally.
And then there's other, Suicide Squad,
which I guess they're just pretending the last one didn't happen.
I don't know what they're doing.
There's another one with like 500 people.
It's technically, they're not pretending it didn't happen.
It has different people in it.
Oh, I thought they just were, okay.
It's not just different people.
It's 500 different people in that movie.
It's so many.
It looks great, though.
It looks fantastic.
So I am very excited about that.
Anyways, speaking of Suicide Squad, though,
there is a game that's going to be coming out as well
that looks like it has some of the similar team members in it as well.
And that is Suicide Squad Kill the Justice League.
It's going to be coming out in 2022.
It looks fantastic, though.
They showed off Harley Quinn, King Shark, Deadshot,
and Captain Boomerang.
But it's kind of teased right now,
but it looks like that for some reason,
some of the Justice League are going to be kind of villains in the game.
Like Superman has shown to be killing somebody in there.
So that's, I thought it may have been like Bizarro.
Like we're going for injustice.
Sort of, yeah.
Sort of like that.
So it's interesting.
But yeah, I'm looking forward to that when that comes out.
So they teased that a little bit.
And then more, sooner than that, of course,
we're going to be getting a brand new game
from Warner Brothers Montreal, which is Gotham Knights.
And that, of course, follows.
I guess it's going to be similar to like the Batman Arkham Origins game.
But it's following, of course, Batgirl, Nightwing, Red Hood, and Robin.
And yeah, it looks interesting.
That's going to be coming out in 2021.
That looks pretty cool.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And then this year, of course, we've got a brand new Call of Duty game coming out.
So we have Call of Duty Black Ops Cold War.
And they released a trailer for that as well.
Or I should say like a teaser that apparently was,
I think, coming from the end of an ARG that they did.
And supposedly, they're going to be announcing more details
later this week about the game.
But they showed a little teaser kind of announcing the title of the game
and everything.
So it's interesting.
I like the Black Ops game, so I might have to check it out.
But we'll see.
All right.
And as Jason said in the intro,
you're the only one that knows about those games, really.
So I haven't played them in a long time because it's just like they've
been shoehorning.
I guess the battle royale stuff is supposed to be pretty good.
But I haven't played in a long time.
And it's not I don't like jumping into it by myself.
I like playing with friends, probably because I beat the crap out of them.
But I just haven't played in a long time.
So it's hard for me to jump back into like a battle royale game.
Like if I had them to play with, I probably would.
But yeah, I don't know.
All right.
The single player campaigns, I just didn't pick up the last one.
So I didn't play the single player campaign on that.
But I do like the single player campaigns.
All right.
Well, moving over to a series that has a lot,
a lot of games across Sony and Nintendo,
they don't release these.
Oh, no, they do sometimes on Microsoft.
I feel like there's just not as many.
But it's the Arcade Archives.
Hamster is the organization between Arcade Archives
and they have revealed, they have their own streams they do
called Arcade Archiver.
There's so many of these.
There's like 100 of them on Switch.
But anyway, they are going to be doing some more games
that will be coming to the Arcade Archives.
This was a deal with Konami, it sounds like.
Contra is going to be coming out,
as well as Gradius II and Super Cobra for Switch releases.
And then one other outside Konami release
that's still pretty exciting, Super Dodgeball,
the Kunio-kun classic, the arcade version.
That's going to be awesome because that was a good game.
That will be coming out as well in the Arcade Archive collection.
But we don't know when.
Just soon, trademark.
Happening right now, a Nintendo Switch eShop sale.
Yes, this is newsworthy because Nintendo games never go on sale.
So, Luigi's Mansion 3 is now down from $60 to $42.
So is Mario and Sonic at the Olympic Games down $60 to $40.
Some other games on some deep cut sale on this Nintendo Switch.
Burnout Paradise Remastered, $35.
Overwatch, $20.
Crash Team Racing Nitro-Fueled, $24.
Diablo III Eternal Collection, $30.
That's the one that includes Necromancer because it was on the Switch.
There's a lot of indie games on sale as well through August 30th.
Somebody was telling me there's over like 500 games on the indie sale.
But there's just so much to wade through on the Switch.
It can be a little bit daunting.
A few of the highlights.
Exit the Gungeon, $7.
Ori and the Blind Forest, $14.
Hotline Miami, $8.74.
That all again on Nintendo Switch.
eShop sale, Dark Sakura.
Well, we have the, blah, I can't make words happen.
The Astro City Mini has a release date for December 17th in Japan.
And they've announced more titles for it.
So, originally we had Alien Syndrome, Alien Storm, Altered Beast, Columns 2, The Voyage Through Time, Dark Edge, Fantasy Zone, yay!
Golden Axe, Golden Axe, The Revenge of Death Adder, Puzzle in Action, Tant R, and Virtua Fighter.
Now added to the list is Bonanza Brothers, Columns, Cotton, yes, I love Cotton.
Cyber Police eSwat, Puyo Puyo.
I mean, there's like a bunch of good games on here I love already.
Puzzle in Action, Ichidan R, Gain Ground, Shadow Dancer, another great game.
Shinobi, Wonder Boy, Wonder Boy in Monsterland, and Wonder Boy 3, Monster Lair.
So, I have some excitement going on in my heart for this one.
And the system is going to be roughly 40 bucks.
I think it's more than that.
The controller, sorry, is going to be 40 bucks.
Yeah, I was going to say it's like 120 or something.
Yeah, the system is going to be actually more like 130, but yeah.
And then they've got the little stand that goes with it that makes it look like a full Sega Astro City instead of just kind of like a bar top, which there was never a bar top Astro City.
But, yeah, kind of.
And it becomes a little store as well, so it's pretty cool.
This is absolutely a do want situation.
And anyway, the other Harmonix game that was announced, Fusor, has 12 more songs that were added to the roster.
So it's going to launch with more than 100 songs.
New games announced are Aja's Take On Me, Ace of Base The Sign, Amy Winehouse Rehab, Basement Jax, Where's Your Head At? I love Basement Jax.
Becky G with Natty Natasha's Tin Pajama? I don't know the song.
Benny Benassi presents The Biz Satisfaction, Childish Gambino, Summertime Magic.
I'll just list the rest of them.
GDFR, The Killer's The Man.
Jurgle Steve and Pay, the new Manuah song.
Yeah, I remember the song.
Which for some fucking reason has been stuck in my head for a solid two weeks and I've been making up lyrics to it to the cat.
We have Fortnangel, PVD Remix 09 and Sean Paul's Temperature.
It's due to be out on PS4, Xbox One, Switch and PC via Steam later on.
Aziz Fall.
That's a heck of a list.
All right.
Yeah, it is.
Well, let's travel around the world and check out some games that are going to be coming out a little sooner than this fall.
Yeah.
So this week we've got Cinders coming out on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
We have, I'm going to try not to butcher this, Kendagawa Jet Girls on PC and PlayStation 4.
Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles Remastered Edition coming out on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, iOS and Android.
The Legend of Heroes, Hajimari no Kiseki.
That's on PlayStation 4.
Moon Remix RPG Adventure on Nintendo Switch.
Surgeon Simulator 2 on PC and Tell Me Why Chapter 1.
And then, of course, we also have on towards the end of the week here, Captain Tsubasa Rise of the New Champions on PC, Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4.
Immortal Realms Vampire Wars on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Jump Force Deluxe Edition on Nintendo Switch.
Madden NFL 21 on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Project Cars 3 on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Wasteland 3 on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
And last but not least, Windbound on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, Xbox One and some console called Stadia.
Why are they doing a Captain Tsubasa game 10 years after the last one?
Why not?
I mean, the manga has been out since 1981.
It's a soccer game.
Yeah, but sometimes they revive old stuff for, you know, just how they do it.
I was just a little surprised. That's all.
All right, let's travel to Japan and check out some releases over there.
And I got to say, we've had a couple slow weeks in Japan.
That's not the case this week.
We're getting a backlog kind of unloaded on us this week.
So Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles is released on the Switch this week in Japan.
That's going to be a big one because I know that's here.
It'll be a big deal, too.
The Captain Tsubasa also released Rise of New Champions, also releasing in Japan this week on the 27th.
A game called Giraffe and Annika is coming out this week on the Switch.
It's kind of like cartoony, kind of looks like one of those level five games at first glance,
but I don't think it's like comic book style cut scenes and things like that.
And then also in Japan, we have Shinobi Koi Utsutsu for Nintendo Switch.
I don't think that is to be confused with the popular Sega series of games.
It looks like it's based off Ninja School.
That's what it is. It's kind of one of those mangas about schools, but it's Ninja School.
Also a game called Konosuba, God's blessing on this wonderful world, Labyrinth of Hope and the Gathering of Adventurers Plus.
That is the fucking title of this game.
Anyway, it looks like it's kind of like a redo of an earlier game.
That's why they call it Plus, but it has like a new dungeon, new monsters.
It's kind of like a dungeon crawler, but like first person a little bit.
Let's see, Forager, also on the Switch this week.
No Straight Roads, Urugashi no Naku Koro Nihu comes out this week as well.
So very busy. That's just the Switch.
If I go to the PlayStation 4, we're going to see a lot of those similar titles.
Captain Tsubasa, The Legend of Heroes, Hajimari no Kisuke is out as well.
Kiss Trilogy comes out in a regular and premium edition this week.
And Giraffe and Annika also on PlayStation 4.
MotoGP20 is there as well this week.
And Terminator Resistance and The Legend of Heroes, Hajimari no Kisuke and that same title.
I'll say it one more time on the PlayStation 4.
Konosuba, God's blessing on this wonderful world, Labyrinth of Hope and the Gathering of Adventurers Plus.
That was the alternate name for this podcast actually at one point.
I just like that Giraffe and Annika has a musical mayhem edition.
That sounds like fun.
I just would play a game called Musical Mayhem.
What was that game?
Eternal Sonata, remember that RPG they made out of music?
Where the hell did that game go? That was a cool game.
Alright, anyway.
I think I have it.
It deserves a redo, I don't know.
Alright, anyway.
Let's move on.
By the way, just a quick programming note for those of you that have followed OLR for a long time.
You might be expecting us to do the mailbag right here because we usually do.
No, after I do mine.
No, I know.
We're going to move the mailbag to the end of the show.
Programming note.
But I haven't even done my part for us to announce mailbag which comes after IT European releases.
Yes, that is very true.
There is that as well.
Got it.
Slow down.
No, I'm fast.
Girl, catch your wig.
Anyway.
On the 24th in the UK, we have Street Power Football which is real football and not American football.
We have Descenders on August 24th and also No Straight Roads.
On the 26th, Gear Club Unlimited 2 Tracks edition.
Gay Roads only.
And then coming out on the 27th is a horde of things.
The Sojourn, Project Cars 3, Jump Force Deluxe Edition, Madden NFL 21, Dead Cells Prisoner's Edition, Captain Tsubasa Rise of New Champions, Wasteland 3, Immortal Realms Vampire Wars, Nexomon Extinction.
And that is it.
Not yet for the full month but those will come next week.
Alright.
Thing I said about the mailbag, insert it here.
We'll get to that.
We're merging it with the listener roundtable.
So it makes more sense to be there.
Alright, moving on.
Let's get to some more stories, Loki.
Alright.
So we should have seen this coming even though they promised that this wouldn't happen but can you really trust Facebook?
You can't.
Well, I can't believe I'm going to defend Facebook.
But Facebook did not say this.
This would never happen.
The person who started Oculus, who hasn't been with Oculus for a long time, had that to say.
We knew this was going to happen eventually.
Facebook still sucks, don't get me wrong.
But I feel like we should hate them for the right reasons and not make up new ones.
Yes.
So apparently, starting in October, you're going to have to log into...
In order to be able to use your Oculus to, I guess, access your Oculus account, you're going to need to log in with a Facebook account.
And apparently, if you are a current user of the Oculus and already have an Oculus account,
you will need to link it with a Facebook account within the next two years to maintain the full functionality of your system.
So after January 1st, 2023 is when that's going to go into effect.
I'm not surprised.
I don't know why we need to do it, but I'm sure that tracking your activities is probably part of it.
Because Facebook is going to want to show elements of your newsfeed in VR and it is only a matter of time before...
And this whole COVID situation is only accelerating this.
What did I say when Facebook bought Oculus in the first place?
They want to put more live events and event-type experiences, not just games, but the others.
Remember, there's other stuff that Oculus can do, concerts and things like that.
Facebook wants to push, push, push that on your Oculus.
And the only way they're going to know the type of stuff you like is for them to track all of the shit you do on Facebook.
That's what it is.
I can't wait to get some really weird ads.
Fuck Facebook.
Let me make that very clear.
Fuck Facebook.
But that's what they're doing.
Since I already own an Oculus Rift, it's no big deal.
I already have a Facebook account and I already get tons of ads as it is.
I don't really care, but maybe if you haven't purchased a VR device, you might think twice about what you purchased.
If it's a big deal to you, I mean, certainly that's a factor, but I don't know.
It's kind of too late for me.
So what am I going to do?
Bobby does want to say this.
To be fair, Palmer's words were exactly,
you will never need a Facebook account to use your Oculus Rift.
Well, gotcha, gal. They don't make Oculus Rift anymore.
It's Rift S and the Quest.
Well, true.
He lied.
Technically true.
But do you need to log into your Oculus account to be able to use stuff through Steam?
I can't remember if they've changed that now to where you have to log into that.
I know that, because I tend to purchase a lot of my stuff not through the Oculus Rift, just through Steam VR,
because I can get better discounts on that stuff.
So I'm curious if that is going to prevent me from doing that stuff.
I would think not, but you never know.
Bobby says no, but you have to have the Oculus account to do setup on your device.
Well, there you go.
Well, I mean, I can think of no better advertisement for the HTC Vive than what Oculus just did this week, as far as I'm concerned.
I have not taken the leap into VR on the PC yet.
I haven't really just found that thing.
I have that baby's first VR, the PlayStation VR.
It works great.
It does what I need to do and plays enough of the games I want to play, so I haven't felt the need to go up to PC yet.
But if that were to happen in the next few years, say right around the time this is going to end up mandatory next year anyway,
I think this just sold me an HTC Vive.
For sure, yeah.
Not me.
If you're not going to any of the platforms.
I'm not getting any of them.
Well, you know.
I get to save that money.
But I don't know if I'm going to be getting it anytime soon.
I mean, honestly, I don't VR enough.
I actually think we have one more.
Yeah.
All right.
Anyway, let's move on.
Let's talk about Twitch as a platform again.
But this one's a little better than the...
And again, the last story we talked about, it wasn't even Twitch's fault.
Twitch's was just the vehicle for some shady practice.
But anyway, this is something Twitch is doing.
It's kind of making some tweaks to Twitch drops.
So, you know, Twitch drops are when you watch a feed and you get drops.
Like, for example, a big, big example of this was when Riot Games started using the drops for Valorant, right?
So if you watched other people play it, you might get the key for yourself.
Yeah, it didn't go...
Like, people abused the shit out of that system, right?
Running like a 24 hour, just watch me and get the drops thing.
So guess what?
Twitch is revisiting the drop system a little bit.
I got to say, this is a smart response in my opinion.
Developers, not Twitch, but developers are now being given more control over how rewards are handed out.
So streamers may have to complete certain in-game events like killing a boss, finding an item, essentially achievement.
Achievement unlocked for you and you and you and you.
That's what Twitch drops might be turning into a little bit.
You get an achievement and you get an achievement.
Look under your chair. You get an achievement. We all get achievements.
Alright, anyway.
Yay!
So that is something they're looking to build that in.
So the unlock embeds are going to be linked to Twitch's Enhanced Experiences API.
So rewards could be when somebody completes a level or let's say you're the last person standing in something like Fall Guys or another Battle Royale game.
That would be a possibility.
So developers can kind of do this as they see fit.
And I think that's a great idea because this means if you're going to run a 24-7 stream, you're going to have to actively be playing the game in order to get the drops.
And you're going to have to be really aware of that.
And I think that's pretty cool.
So anyway, looking forward to seeing how developers embed that in their games later on as they choose to do so.
Dark Tetsuya says Rogue Company does the Twitch drops thing too. Tell me more. Is that Rogue Legacy 2 or what are they doing?
I'd be curious to know how that is being added.
And the chat room is noticing right now that Stella has joined Loki on camera there.
Chilling out on Loki's shoulder there.
Yeah, we love to see Stella on air. It's lovely.
Alright.
Min just kind of pissed off that I locked her out.
I think Alan either is leaving or just got back and Mr. Smoosh is going wild. Oh, he's on his way out.
So Mr. Smoosh is like, wait, before you go, give me more food.
Smooshy.
Alright, let's move on.
Dark Stalker, I think you said you had to go a little early tonight.
I do.
I want to squeeze in one more story before you do so, okay?
I guess.
So at any rate, I really should be playing this.
One of my friends have been going nuts about it.
But Fall Guys, they have started a Twitter branding like bidding war.
Sorry for charity.
And I love the caption on this one.
It's got this little pink dude wearing a shirt that says, ask me about my butthole.
Oh, did that.
It's a bidet company. Did they win?
I don't know.
It's just the picture that they use. I think it's great.
Yeah, it's great.
Anyway, they're doing a two week Battle of the Brands event.
And the brand that donates the most to the charity special effect would get Italian.
Right now their bidding has gone over 130,000.
Wow.
Yeah, there are all kinds of just...
Hilarity is ensuing, I'll just let you know.
But it'll be good to have, you know, have that marketing and branding go into something good.
You know, have that go in.
So right now, one of the highest bidders at the time was the Warframe developers did 20,000.
And then bisect hosting went to 38,880.
And then the new one came up with Sidemen.
They are, they're going through it.
They bumped it up to 40,000.
And then Tushy Bidet, $40,000 and one cent.
And that's where ask me about my butthole came from.
Yep.
And then after that, though, after more fun bidding, G2 Esports went up to $130,003.
Wow.
That's on the second day.
So we're about to see this blow up.
Well, and there's been interesting alliances made too.
Like Ninja teamed up with somebody else and they made like a COVID or something.
So it's pretty cool.
I hope the bidet company wins.
I really do.
But I think it's great that it's for charity.
And especially when you have a game and a developer like the folks behind Fall Guys, like this is, you know, they're all the rage right now.
They're all, they're one of the top games on Twitch.
They have this peak popularity going on right now and they're riding that wave.
And like everybody wants to be a part of it because it is so popular.
The fact that they're riding that wave for charity when Burger King probably called them already offering them $5 to put the skin in the game.
I think it's, I think it's pretty cool that they're using this as a way to generate money for charity.
So, you know, kudos to them.
And I, you know, Fall Guys is Dark Soccer.
You absolutely should check it out.
I think one of the great things about it is it's a game you can really play in small bites.
Because, yes, it's a battle royale kind of game, but it's not a shooty shooty bang bang.
It's a platformer.
So it's it plays a lot differently.
And it's something where it's like you can play it and you might be out of it in 30 seconds and like, oh, well, I guess that's enough for today.
Or, you know, God damn it, I'm going to play until I get the fucking crown.
And then you play for eight days straight like that one streamer did.
Oh, hell no.
I don't think it was really like it wasn't like twenty four seven.
But I remember there was some clip floating around to some guy who finally won a match after like eight days.
And the whole Internet was so excited.
Yeah. And they were they were giving him shade too on the actual official Twitter.
I think it was giving him shade on it as well. So that's kind of funny.
Yeah. OK. So I went ahead and put Fall Guys in my my wish list on Steam.
So, yay. Oh, I'm putting it in there now.
So act. Oh, I think I think this is brilliant. Act Def says it's like the Mario Party mini games, but with more people.
That's a damn good way of putting it. That is a damn good way of putting it.
Marissa Meisel in chat. Hello, my dear, says I love a fall, fall, fall, gaze, fall, guys.
And usually, well, that's when me and Delvin get on stream and play fall guys together and start screaming.
That's fall gaze. I love fall guys. And usually games like that stress me out too much.
This is just silly fun in my wish list. Why are you letting me put you on my wish list?
I'm Dijerama says if you do have it for me.
Well, if you have played PlayStation four and you have PlayStation Plus, it's free on PS Plus right now.
So you wouldn't even have to write the way you just did. That was iconic.
You sat up in your seat, flicked your hair and went, bitch. Yeah.
But I was like right now. So this isn't like a permanent thing. It's going to go back to pay.
Yeah. It's only for this month. So you don't have a lot of time left. Yeah.
And I really need to get back into the steamy stuff so that I can stream it a little bit better.
Yeah. So. All right. Well, before we say goodbye, goodbye to you, Dark Sakura.
Do you have any final thoughts or anything for our audience tonight?
I want big suggestions. All right. I want to see some big suggestions.
What kind of wig do you think I should get next? Because I'm going to be weeding out some wigs.
And if some of y'all want Jamie wigs, I will clean those bitches and send them to you.
I want to see and hear me out, please. I want to see a wig from the wig party,
meaning like eighteen hundreds sign in, you know, or I guess seventeen hundreds sign in the Declaration of Independence Realness.
Do I look like I have time to powder a wig?
It is. It is. I will say Annie Lennox pulled that type of look off beautifully in one of her music videos.
So she did the one for Y, right? Yeah. I think it was Y or maybe walking on broken glass.
Walking on broken glass was the one. Yeah. So I love Annie Lennox.
She is a goddess and a diva. Any decent person does.
I don't know how else to put it. Like, there's just certain people where it's like, who?
Who on earth would hate this person? And Annie Lennox is one of them. Of course, I know.
I'm just inviting somebody in chat to say I'm not a fan. Well, you can keep your wrong opinion.
Yeah. Exactly. If you if you're not an Annie Lennox fan, how about you just shut up?
Just how about you just shut up? Look, every gamer has a voice, but not you.
Actually, I do want to bring up one more little thing, and I don't really know if y'all talked about it last week, but it just was a cute thing.
Sure. Is that Taiwanese IKEA catalog done all in Animal Crossing?
I don't think we ended up addressing that. No, it is cute as hell.
And I really want it. But I just think that it's something that made me just happy to see.
And I'll post the link to it in the chat room. But but y'all look up the Taiwanese IKEA Animal Crossing book.
It's super adorable. They did a really great job trying to make things match up.
They even have captions and everything. The scroll bar on Twitch is perfection right now.
It just scrolled that story by on the bottom as you're talking about it. Perfect.
Well, yeah, I that thing is all this thing is like all automated, too.
So it's pretty, pretty stunning. Awesome. That's pretty sweet.
So, yeah, there you go. It's it's it's adorable. Look at the adorable things.
And, you know, hey, if any of y'all is still playing Animal Crossing, hit me up for my friend code.
If you don't have it, I think I'm ready. When are we doing our Animal Crossing show?
When are we doing our Animal Crossing lounge radio?
I need to I need to figure out my streaming set up because it I think it's actually more just because my Mac is an older Mac.
I'll stream on and you just join me on Discord like you do now. And we'll I'll go to your town or something.
You can show that off. All right. We'll do it. We'll do it.
Animal Crossing lounge radio coming soon to Vogue on a on a completely irregular schedule,
on a completely when we feel like it schedule because that's the only way it's going to fly.
So so I will I will wish you all well.
Wear your mask. Social distance. Be safe.
Be careful. Be healthy. And I hope to see you all next week.
All right. We'll see you next time. Dark soccer. Have a great night. Later, taters.
Bye bye. And don't forget to wash your hands. Very good. Very good.
Do the hand washing. Yeah. All right. All right.
So dark soccer is out. Let me fix the cameras there. All right.
Let's move on. We have just a few more stories for you guys that we need to get to the listener roundtable.
So Loki with a follow up to some big stuff from last week.
Yeah. Let's talk about Epic and Apple. So there's still a lot of drama there, unfortunately.
So, of course, you may remember last week, Fortnite was taken up.
Oh, someone wants to get down. Oh, Stella was like, you're talking about this bullshit.
I'm out. It's like, nope.
Draw the line here. OK. If if blessed, sure.
Me, wherever. Sure. Me, the cat. Maybe we're still with us. That would have been sure.
Me's opportunity to just poo on the floor. Thank goodness she doesn't do that.
Anyways. So apparently. So you may remember that, you know, Fortnite was taken off of the app,
the iOS store and the Android store. I'm sorry, Google Play Store.
And of course, there's a lawsuit against Apple about the whole thing as well.
So kind of moving forward with that,
shortly after that, Epic's developer tools have been removed as well for Fortnite.
And that's also restricted access to make updates as well for Unreal Engine.
And so that's caused a lot of problems. So, of course, Epic has asked the court to prevent Apple from doing that.
And they filed an injunction for that. But not sure where that so far that hasn't been revoked yet.
So we'll have to see if they restore their access to that. But right now, they haven't done anything.
It's almost as if you play with fire and you might get burned. Exactly.
So then, of course, now, because they filed this whole lawsuit, all this stuff is now public information.
And so we get to see some of the details about how we got to this point in the first place.
So it appears that originally there was Tim Sweeney had reached out to Apple execs to try to let his company bypass their payment system.
And they said no. And you put that way nicer than he did.
He basically said, well, I'm going to do it anyways. And they're like, bye. I'm going to be very blunt.
Those emails from Tim Sweeney look like they were written by whatever press relations department North Korea uses when talking about their weapons arsenal.
That is how that letter basically read is that, you know, you will rise to the mighty.
OK, maybe it wasn't that bad, but that's how it was like, like reading to me.
It was like, my God, he's just making all these demands for what?
And what are you going to give? You know, like it just it just seems so shady.
It is so it's interesting, though, that he would want somebody to bypass their payment system to offer to basically bypass their whole marketplace, but yet be available on on their devices.
But the same time, like I can't put a game on his store and like bypass their payment system.
I can't pay him less money because I just feel like I want to do that. I just I don't know.
I have a hard time. You know, seeing the logic here where they're the victim, but to still play the victim, though, of course, they have, you know.
They they're still doing their campaign, their social campaign to try to get people to, you know, put pressure on Apple and stuff.
And I see this this they have a nice little a photo here of a hat that's parroting Apple as well.
I don't know. Basically, they're saying it's this whole.
Looks like they're doing a competition right now for this free fortnight cup, which is apparently was today.
It's just a PR thing, whatever. Yeah.
So. I don't know. I think it's dumb.
And plus, I need to be able to say say this because I love tooting my own horn when I'm right.
I mean, I don't like being right all the time, but I can't help it. No, I get a lot of things wrong, too.
But last week I was right because I said, what is the whole motivation for this?
Why is Epic doing this? What is the this isn't about? I said this isn't about Fortnite.
This is about Epic winning the Epic Game Store on iOS.
And sure enough, what was in those court filings? A reference to Epic and wanting to do their own store on iOS.
And that thing is locked and loaded and ready to go. And if Epic prevails in this whole thing, that is exactly what they're going to want to launch.
And I just, you know, and I just defer to what I said last week.
Epic needs to fix their fucking problems on PC first before they jump into iOS.
And you know what? You might not be an Apple fan and that's fine.
But where this goes, what about Nintendo? What about Sony? What about Microsoft?
Because if Epic, like shoehorn, literally shoehorns their way on iOS in this regard, it's going to happen on game consoles as well.
You better believe it.
Exactly. Yeah, because you can't you can't make the argument that, well, it's these are closed platforms and anybody can be allowed to do it.
But I think that these are private companies. I don't understand why you should.
Sure, I would love to see competition.
They signed an agreement they don't like, and now they're trying to say that it's unfair and all this other stuff.
Like, I understand if they have issue with Apple's 30% cut or whatever and they want to negotiate a better deal.
But that's the key term there is negotiate.
And everything I said last week about the thing, whether you like it or not, with Apple's platform, about how they quality review all the apps, even the free ones that make no money to Apple or the developer.
They review those two, whether you like it or not, like that stuff doesn't pay for itself.
So they're going to take a cut somewhere. And Epic badly wants to undercut them.
I'm telling you, I am I am I am 100 percent right on this.
Epic wants to undercut them and they're going to leverage their Unreal Engine to do it.
I'm this is I see the end of this coming.
So like if you're going to root against Apple because you think Apple has too much control or Apple calls all the shots, guess wake up.
Epic is trying to position themselves to do the same thing.
If Epic really wants that, though, you know what they should do. Make their own fucking phone.
Well, and on top of that, though, like I get that with on the Apple side of the house, but then they did the same thing on the Google Play Store.
And if you look there, that's kind of a different scenario because they could, in a sense, put out their own storefront.
Sure, you'd have to sideload it, but you can do that.
You could put out your own storefront and have your own purchasing stuff and have it completely bypass everything.
But you can't advertise it on the Google Play Store.
You can't have like it's, you know, be on there just to, you know, download that and load it in and just pay directly to Epic.
You can't do that. So you've got to play by their rules if you want to be on their storefront.
Just the same as if I were to put something on epic storefront, I have to play by the rules in order to do that.
I can't just say, well, you know, I don't know if they charge.
See, that's the thing with Epic. I don't know if they charge for like, you know, a cut of any of the DLC and stuff like that.
But let's just say that they do, because it would make sense if they did.
But say I wanted to sell this stuff directly to my users instead, and I didn't want them to take a cut of that.
Well, I'm sure they wouldn't be happy about that. So it's the exact same thing.
Sorry, but not sorry. You have to abide by those rules to be on that storefront.
I'm sorry that you're upset that you can't be on iOS devices.
Now. Yeah. And look, and I said this on last week's show, like, yes, I'm firmly on Apple's side in this particular debacle as I'm wearing my AirPods and streaming this show from my Mac Mini.
But guess what? Tim Sweeney tweets from his iPhone. So you know what?
But I don't believe Apple is I want to make this clear. I don't believe Apple is right on everything.
For example, the streaming and the cloud stuff and them holding back the X Cloud app.
That is wrong. And they need to allow those apps because they allow if they allow Netflix, if they allow CBS All Access and those streaming apps to exist, they ought to be able to allow the gaming apps as well.
I do believe that will work itself out in time.
It's just a little slower because it's somewhat of a newer concept.
But that is a separate issue.
This epic thing has because I see some people confusing this on Twitter a little bit, too.
This epic thing has nothing to do with the cloud streaming stuff.
Not a thing. This is about the Apple in app store model.
And honestly, I think and somebody will have to refresh my memory because I honestly don't recall.
Whatever happened with Sony and the other OS when they removed that from the console?
Did the court side because wasn't there a class action or I think we got a check in the mail.
So it was but it was settled, not legally decided, right?
Because I feel like I feel like the precedence is in that case.
Yes. So.
Yeah, I think it was settled.
I was going to mention, though, kind of going back to the story there.
Microsoft had also filed a declaration in support of Epic's case against Apple, because, as I mentioned, with the developer access being removed, the Unreal Engine support and the ability to develop for that has been kind of harmed as well.
So, you know, they have games that use the Unreal Engine.
And because of that, you know, that that hurts not only them, but like even indie developers who use the Unreal Engine for.
I feel like dear leader Sweeney sent Microsoft an email that it was I doubt it was a bullying email, but it was probably one of those.
If Apple pulls us from the attention developers, if Apple's looking, they're they're recruiting people to do their dirty work and Microsoft fell for it.
That is my that is my opinion on this in this particular case.
And Phil Spencer, God bless him. He's done great things for Xbox.
He fell for this one because Epic is recruiting people to do their dirty work and sent out an email.
I bet you I bet you I bet you sent out an email that says if Apple does this, we're no longer going to be able to support you after such and such day.
So we can't guarantee that your money making brand new force app you just put out is going to be able to make money because Apple's mean.
Well, I think, though, that they may have also vested interest because they're trying to get, you know, the game streaming as well on the iOS platform.
But I don't think they didn't necessarily come out and say that.
Yeah, I don't think it will. Obviously, their negotiations for that type of stuff is probably a little bit more nuanced and say what Tim Sweeney did.
But. I don't know, I'm just going for the whole thing to play out. I don't play Fortnite on iOS anyway, so.
Sorry, Bobby said the Microsoft thing was actually about Epic losing access to the developer tools, not about Fortnite.
But those things are still hand in hand because they wouldn't have lost access to developer tools. They hadn't pulled the stunt with Fortnite.
I'm surprised. I would love to know what Sony and Microsoft and Nintendo think about.
Hold on. Chat is already typing a comment. I just want to say, like, I don't know if Apple will hold firm to that.
I think there's a very, and I don't know, but I think there's a very distinct possibility if the pressure from Microsoft and these other companies does anything,
it will probably put a stay on this developer tool issue until they work out their other stuff.
But Fortnite, I don't expect to come back until there's a settlement.
Because it won't be decided by court. There's going to be a settlement. I don't know. Well, I don't know.
It depends what kind of hardball Apple wants to play here. I don't know. We'll see. We'll see.
And Bobby in chat is talking about how people are this is an epic maybe potentially saw an opportunity here to dogpile on Apple.
I'm paraphrasing. Dogpile on Apple because they were already weakened by the xCloud argument on this.
And that's why I'm going out of my way to say these are separate issues. And is it okay to say Apple?
I don't think this is a good look, but I think this you're doing okay. Two different things.
So. All right.
Dijarama says Apple does have a monopoly on the App Store. So also not surprised.
What about Nintendo? What about Microsoft? What about Sony?
Same thing, right? Technically true. It's technically true that they they have, you know, the monopoly there unless they're counting like retail sales because you can buy code sometimes at retail for those things.
But I don't think so. But yeah, it's the same thing.
And like and I would worry that like what is why? Why is Apple any different when it comes to.
What's going to make them not try to do the same thing for consoles?
I'm guessing because more of the market shares there, maybe they're making more money from there.
I don't know. But like, yeah, I would.
It's weird to see them try to burn bridges like that, because, I mean, you know, you have to work with all these other people, like in these other companies, and they see you doing this and it's like, well, they'd be less likely to want to work with you.
You know, and that kind of talk was also going to.
That's the kind of talk that gets you bought by Apple, too.
Yes, true when they just valued as like a two billion or two trillion dollar company this week or something was in the news.
VG Realness says, I don't know why Apple can't offer a lower percentage cut, but offers zero advertising in their apps.
You know, that was one place that I suggested a settlement could happen last week, sort of.
I said, what if they could maybe allow the in-app purchasing off the store or whatever?
But now Apple is going to charge them every time they want to do a reveal.
Every time you want to do a patch, every time you're going to put a new thing on the store because you're circumventing our store, we're now going to charge you.
And I would I would bet even if Epic is victorious in this, that doesn't mean Apple doesn't immediately change their terms to say, all right, then we're going to get our money this way.
I so I can't see that being a victorious. I'm pretty sure other companies will be the same. And like, it's not going to happen. Sorry.
Yeah, I just I just epic. I think Epic is fighting a losing battle here.
And I think part of them kind of knows it. And that's why they're recruiting the Internet to help them out.
Because they want to they want to convict in the court of public opinion.
The only the only way I could see like something happening where they could possibly get by with multiple storefronts is if they use the precedent set by where Microsoft had to.
They could I think it was they couldn't have although they do have Internet Explorer like preloaded in there, but they couldn't.
It is something to do with their web browser. Like they couldn't have like other stuff preloaded on there.
They had to give you the option to be able to not use it or something. But I don't I don't remember the details.
But I know that there has been precedent set with some of those types of cases antitrust stuff.
But I don't think this can get that far. I think they're just going to say, nope, sorry.
And the reality you agreed to those rules to that. The reality is a lot of us have passionate opinions on this particular topic.
I have my opinions. Every single one of you in chat have your opinions. Loki has his opinion.
The reality is none of it's going to matter. This is going to be decided by either a settlement.
I would say 90 percent likely a settlement because that's how they always go or it'll be decided by a court.
And let's be real. What happens in both of those places never makes sense.
Well, sometimes sometimes make sense, but it is probably not going to make sense to any of us.
And that's that. So. All right. We'll see what develops next.
I don't think this story is going away anytime soon. We'll see, especially with the deadline for the kit and all that coming up next.
All right. Let's move on. We have a couple or just one more quick story for you.
And then we'll get to the listener roundtable in our mailbag for tonight.
So I'm getting to this story about Nintendo coming to Brazil.
That's right. Officially. Now, of course, you know, we've heard about stories on the show before about how you can get video game consoles in countries where they're not officially supported.
But that can be very, very expensive to do. So it could be very exciting news if you live in Brazil to hear that Nintendo is coming back.
Now, Nintendo was in Brazil up until about five years ago.
So Nintendo is going to be debuting the Switch officially in Brazil because they left the country about five years ago.
And Nintendo of America made a tweet saying, greetings to all the Brazilian Nintendo fans out there.
We're excited to announce that the Nintendo Switch will be coming soon to Brazil.
So that's pretty exciting. As a reminder, Nintendo had originally pulled out in 2015 because of high tariffs on imported products.
But now, you know, people are wanting a Switch and so forth.
So, yeah, Brazil, by the way, the fourth largest gaming market in the world.
Did you know that? Do you know who the top three are? Do you know who the top three are? Because it would surprise you.
I don't know. One, two, three. But the other three are the US, China and India.
Not Japan. You would have thought. But certainly consider the populations of China and India.
And that would certainly. Oh, yes, there is a lot a lot of people in both those places.
And that would explain why those are very those are also very, very big markets.
So Brazil, the fourth largest market for games. Nintendo Switch finally officially making its way there.
So congrats. All right. Moving on. Let's get to.
Hey, actually, I'm. Well, I think it's kind of a dumb question.
I was going to say if because I'm going to ask act deft because I know him being in Mexico,
he sometimes has problems with importing and stuff like that.
But I guess it's probably going to be easier still to get products from the US than it would be to get stuff from Brazil because Brazil's further.
So I'm just not sure if maybe that would improve the situation by giving other,
you know, countries on this this hemisphere of the planet, but probably probably not.
All right. Anyway, let's get to the listener roundtable.
I'm going to wait. I'm going to come back to an answer if I see one. Meanwhile, we already have some questions coming in from chat.
If you have any questions you want to ask us, you can go ahead and ask away in our chat room over twitch dot TV slash vog network.
And I'll be getting to we have one email tonight. I will get to here shortly.
First off, though, a question from no one special in our chat who asks if you could open up an arcade,
what games would you include and would it be a straight up arcade, a barcade or a pizzeria arcade combo?
Well, in my opinion, the round one chain has things set up pretty good.
You know, they have the Japanese games that are relevant to my interests.
And that's the type of thing I'd love to have in my arcade. I would have more pinball than around one has.
I could do without the bowling and the some of the stuff they do around one.
It's just not really for my type of place. And also round one has a lot of those ticket redemption machines.
I'm not big fans of those, but I'm also not an idiot.
Here's here's the return question I would have. Is this arcade supposed to make money?
Yes or no? Because the arcade supposed to make money.
I'm going to have to have those ticket spinners because they make money.
If my arcade doesn't need to make money, then I don't need as many of them.
So, yeah, let me I'm going to answer for Loki. I'm using my powers of mind reading.
Loki is going to simply open a QZAR. Am I right?
That's not really. Yeah, I mean, I guess you're right.
That's that's neither of the options that was provided.
I mean, I'm going to go pizza place, obviously pizza arcade, if we're going to have to do something like that.
And creepy, creepy, creepy animatronics.
Yes, that's a must that sing every hour this time because, you know, why not?
Actually, that'd be really cool. Like like some pretty awesome animatronics, especially nowadays, you know, animatronic technology is really progressed.
I want to license Five Nights at Freddy's and have a legit scary food chain.
You know, there'd be a market for that and no fucking kids would go. Well, some might, but that would be amazing.
Is that like let's go to the murder pizzeria or what if he did like, you know, you did like a pizza place with an arcade themed after Freddy Fazbear.
With an escape room with horror elements.
That sounds although pizza and alcohol, greasy fingers and alcohol are a dangerous combo for escape rooms, that's for sure.
By the way, we have an answer from Act Deaf.
Well, sort of I'll get back to you later because Act Deaf says, I really need to send you an email pretty much talking about the current video game situation in Mexico.
In summary, we're getting taxed to hell and back.
So it sounds like what was happening in Brazil for the last few years.
In short, sounds like it. But I always welcome the emails.
I love the perspectives from other countries around the world because I think so many people listening to this show, even if it like US, Canada, England or, you know, whatever country, Japan, wherever you're in, you tend to forget about the world sometimes outside of that bubble.
And so I find these types of stories fascinating what some gamers go through just to play their fucking game.
You know, it's it's pretty, pretty crazy.
SJ100Matt kind of piggybacks on that and says, South America is very hard to get games there.
I heard from someone in Argentina that they had to spend fifteen hundred dollars to just get a console out there because of tariffs and other taxes.
Jesus, just let me buy one for you and sneak it in my suitcase. God damn, that's crazy.
All right. Anyhow, let's get to the email, which I will do from my phone because I neglected to bring it up on the screen.
So let's get to it. This email tonight comes to us from YYR.
We always love hearing from YYR. It's a long email tonight, but that's OK.
Hello, LR. Please forgive the length of this email. Forgiven.
I've been catching up on episodes and of course, I found a few things to chime in on.
By the way, the title of this email is Rapid Fire Responses. Rob, thank you for plugging Sharpshooter Plus once again.
And Loki, thanks for playing Pixel Poops on your Vita. You're welcome. You just got another plug. How about that?
I didn't play it on my Vita, though.
Oh, no.
That's right. I have been playing it this week, though. I have been playing it on PC.
OK. As long as you're playing the game, I don't think YYR cares where you're playing it.
All right. A few weeks back, Rob said that he felt we've basically reached the pinnacle of video game graphics.
I, too, once felt this way. It was back when the original Quake came out and I thought, that's it. We have real 3D now.
All we have to do is increase the resolution. Clearly, there was more to do back then, around 20 years ago.
If you want my honest opinion, there's still more to do. And 20 years from now, things will look amazing compared to now.
Yeah. I mean, I kind of think we've plateaued a little bit right now, but that's not to say there won't be other advancements in the future.
And what have we always said about gaming on this show? One step closer to the holodeck.
And I think that's, I think maybe for two-dimensional images, we've gotten about as far as it feels like we're going to go right now.
But we're going to have things that continue to move forward, like VR and AR.
And I really think what pushes graphics forward is going to come from those two places a little more than it is your traditional living room devices.
And again, those devices are pushing things forward, too. It's just, it feels like the jump maybe isn't as big as it was in those eras you were talking about.
But yeah, I mean, I remember the first time I played Mario Brothers 2 on my NES. I was like, this is like a cartoon. I'm playing a cartoon. This is crazy.
Right? Because the graphics in Mario 2 were on fire. So, especially that ending where you had like cartoon Mario in the bed. I mean, spoiler alert for a 30-year-old game.
But it looked like a fucking cartoon. It was a trip.
All right. Anyway. Rob expressed disappointment that new Bomani games on PC never seem to come to North America.
If you want my opinion, here's the likely reason it's not happening in two words. Music licensing.
My counter opinion to that opinion would be, why do you need Konami originals?
But I get your point. Like, I'm not dismissing your point. But let's not forget, they did release Conomics over here for a reason.
Because you don't have to worry about licensing fees in that department.
In last week's discussion, disappointment was expressed because it appears that neither PS5 nor XSX will have great launch lineups.
But is that really anything new? I would argue that no PlayStation has ever had a great launch lineup.
And that Xbox hasn't had one since the 360. So this is probably not going to affect their long-term numbers much.
I would agree with you on that. Like, what did the PlayStation 2 have going for it?
Fantavision? Which, there's going to be a million people that pipe up and say, I fucking love Fantavision.
Okay, that's fine. But let's be real, it wasn't-
I love Fantavision.
I know! Okay, we get it. You like Fantavision.
We had it on the stream the other day. It was in the background.
But it wasn't exactly that launch title.
No, it wasn't. I rented that game too, so that wasn't necessarily- yeah.
Alright. Anyway. Loki lamented the fact that Xbox One controllers still use AA batteries.
Well, I'm glad they do. Because at least in my eyes, they are far superior to built-in rechargeable batteries.
I purchased rechargeable AA batteries and a charger, and I always have a pair of charged batteries ready to go.
When they die, I spend 30 seconds swapping batteries and I'm playing again.
I never have to wait, I never have to find a charging cable, and I never ever have to plug the controller in.
And if the batteries stop holding a charge in the future, replacing them is simple.
I fail to see how a built-in battery is better.
I mean, like, look at the Switch. I hate to say that, but look at the Switch and the Joy-Cons.
I mean, they're always charged. I never have to worry about it because when I dock the thing, it's charging them.
And it's never a problem. And let's say that one of those batteries craps out.
I've taken apart the Switch and Joy-Cons. It's cake to replace that battery.
It's like five minutes at most, and the part I think is probably about ten bucks.
So, I mean, I don't know. I would rather have the built-in rechargeable battery.
I will say AA batteries last forever though, more so than the rechargeable.
Yeah, I mean, I guess if you make it power, you know, if you make it to the point-
Because, I mean, granted, I'm thinking back to the Xbox 360 and those batteries.
Those things sucked battery power. Actually, even before that, the Wii remotes.
Those things ate batteries for breakfast.
Whereas, now I'm sure there's a lot more power-saving stuff that they can do to those controllers that make them last a little longer.
So, I don't know. I can't really judge because I don't own an Xbox One controller.
So, I can't say how long those batteries last.
They last a while. I have one.
Yeah, I would prefer, like, even the option that they had with, like, the Xbox 360 where I could plug in a rechargeable battery pack that's sold by Microsoft that I can just charge up that way if I wanted to.
I like having the flexibility there, but I don't know if they have that.
Just say you're thinking of the environment. Just say that.
Sure. Thinking of the environment.
All right. Moving on to the last point here.
Finally, I'm going to say that I completely agree with your assessment of the Epic versus Apple thing that's happening right now.
I try to be impartial whenever possible, and as a developer, I honestly feel that some of Apple's policies are a royal pain in the ass, but in my opinion, there's just no defending Epic here.
Epic cries and cries about the 30% cut, but here's the thing.
In the documents Apple has filed, they reveal they're getting about 100,000 app and update submissions per week, every single week.
Review of these submissions is not automated.
Each one of these is reviewed by a living, breathing human person.
Not to mention, Apple also provides developer support, tools, hosting, distribution, maintenance, and probably more than we don't even consider, all for zero out-of-pocket costs to developers.
I'm sorry to interrupt. I would say one thing I really wish that they would fix if we're opening up everything is the fact that you have to have a Mac to develop on any of the Apple platforms is kind of lame. That's all.
Okay. And I just got a notice that my little earbuds are about to die. So anyway, this is my first show I'm doing.
Just switch out the AA batteries in them.
Yeah, I know, right? I thought I could get through all three hours with them, but maybe not.
So I might have to switch to something more old school here.
Luckily, I have the old school stuff standing by just in case this should happen.
Anyway, let me finish the email here, though.
If the 30%... Fuck, I lost my place. Damn it.
Oh, 100,000 app and update submissions per week, every single week.
Review of these submissions is not automated.
Each one of these is reviewed by a living, breathing human person.
Not to mention, Apple also provides developer support, tools, hosting, distribution, maintenance,
and probably more that we don't even consider, all for zero out-of-pocket costs to developers.
All of the salaries that go to staff supporting this stuff come right out of that 30% cut.
Apple also claims that up to 80% of the apps on the store are 100% free with no in-app purchases.
Apple doesn't make a dime on any of these. They still support them, though, and for free.
One moment, please, while I switch this out. Loki, buy me time.
Alright, well, since we're buying time, let's talk a little bit about Fall Guys.
So, Fall Guys... So, I completely lost track. Gamescom's this week, so we have that to look forward to.
So, they're going to have their opening night stream on August 27th, and apparently, they're going to show off
Fall Guys Season 2 content at 11 a.m. Pacific, so tune in to check that out.
I'm just going to tune in and check out all the trailers because I love that kind of stuff.
And apparently, if you want Fall Guys on mobile, well, you're in luck.
If you're in China, because they're going to be releasing the game over there at some point,
it's being developed now by Bilibili. They've secured the rights to publish a mobile version of the game,
which is funny because this is right after Fall Guys' official Twitter has been talking about
how there's scams about mobile versions of Fall Guys, talking about how they're literally just pretending
to play a game, and you can see the mouse pointer on the screen and stuff like that.
It's a little bit confusing there, but...
Why don't you let Stella play Fall Guys?
She's across the room, hiding behind a bag, yelling at me for some reason.
She wants you to move the bag. Anyway, I'm back, and I'm ready to finish YYR's email.
Sorry, YYR, but you did admittedly have a long email, and the batteries to my headset literally died
while I was reading it. Sorry.
Anyway, finishing up the thought.
If the 30% cut was to go away, the business model would likely need to completely change.
Submitting or resubmitting an app, upgrading developer tools, and bandwidth used by customers
might all start coming with a cost to developers. This sounds familiar.
This would likely wipe out the smallest developers and cause the largest ones to stop releasing free apps.
Things would change considerably, and I don't think it would be for the better.
Anyway, if you got this far, thanks for reading, and please look forward to an announcement regarding Pixel Poops soon.
Yeah, why not?
And that is signed. Have a great week, Aaron, or YYR.
Well, thank you, YYR, for the email. Appreciate it as always.
Appreciate your perspective, even when you do disagree.
After all, it is the show where every gamer has a voice.
And yeah, that Epic Apple thing is sure bringing out a lot of big opinions.
But, like I said earlier, none of us are going to answer this.
So, but I think you do bring up a good point.
Like, you know, Apple does review a lot of the free apps, too.
And what's going to happen to them if suddenly there's going to be a cost to review stuff?
That's why I think there's maybe going to have to be a little give and take.
But we'll see. We'll see.
You know, there was that weird story about how Apple had pulled WordPress or something
because they thought WordPress was selling outside the app, but I guess they cleared it up.
But it wasn't a good story to come. It just gave Epic ammunition is all it did.
All right. Anyhow, that's it for the mailbag.
If you want to send us an email for a future week, participate at orangelaungeradio.com
is the place to send us an email.
Logan, did you have any other last minute stories besides the fall guy stuff you snuck in there?
No, I didn't really have anything.
Fair enough. Well, we're almost to 9 o'clock anyway, so I think it's a good time to wrap up.
So I want to thank you guys for either downloading our show, listening live,
however you participated with Orange Lounge Radio tonight.
Thank you so much for being a part of it.
We will be back next week to do it all again.
We will not be here in two weeks.
We will have the night off for Labor Day weekend, as we always have,
because I'm usually at Dragon Con, and that's going to be the case again this year.
I'm just going to be there virtually, and I'm actually doing a panel during the time that Orange Lounge Radio is.
I'll give you the rundown on all the panels I'm going to be on next week.
Bobby talked about some of it on his show.
I just don't have the times in front of me. Oops.
But I know I'm going to be on Bobby's panel that is about the conversion from audio podcasting to video podcasting,
called Video Didn't Kill the Radio Star.
I'm going to be on that panel.
I'm also going to be on a panel about networking and content networks
and what are the advantages and disadvantages of joining a network for your content creation.
This is a pretty regular panel. I think Bobby has done this panel before.
They do this a lot at Dragon Con.
It's an important part of the digital media track, so I'm going to represent us this year.
So that's going to be very exciting.
And then another panel I'm doing, this one even surprises me that I'm doing it,
but it's actually going to be about how educators have had to adapt to technology with what's going on,
basically with COVID and everything.
And so a lot of the tricks and techniques that we've learned from our digital media creation is coming into education.
Now I think when they originally pitched this panel, it was high school and grade school teachers that were doing this
because obviously they've gone through quite a change this year.
But they posted in the Digital Media Dragon Con Discord and were like,
hey, are there any other educators out there that might want to be on this panel?
And you guys might not know this, I'm an educator but not in a grade school.
I'm a corporate educator, so I work with corporate training and teaching adults.
And we've gone through a lot of changes as well.
We teach in classrooms and things like that that we're not able to do right now.
So I actually sent a little thing off and I was like, I don't know if this is what you're looking for.
And they actually really, they were like, oh, that's a good perspective.
So they actually really welcomed me with open arms.
So I'm really excited to be a part of that.
So it's going to be a very rare opportunity to hear me talk about my day job and my hobby.
And I don't talk about my day job a lot because I like to keep that stuff separated.
So this one's going to be a little bit nerve-wracking in some ways.
But I think I can represent, I can walk the line and represent both sides fairly.
I think it's going to be a very good discussion.
So that is, and that, I talk a little more about that panel
because that is the one that's airing where OLR would be.
It's actually like, it's 6 Pacific, 9 Eastern on Sunday.
So that'll be very interesting.
So, all right.
Anyway, so I'll go over all that in more detail again next week.
But that's Virtual Dragon Con happening in two weeks and there won't be an OLR.
And there won't be a Bobby Black Wolf that night either.
So VOG is just going to be dark that night.
And some of you guys are probably going to be doing stuff for the long Labor Day weekend anyway.
However, please remember COVID isn't gone.
Just because you're over it doesn't mean it's gone.
So you keep masks, keep social distancing, keep washing your hands, etc., etc.
Listen to scientists, listen to doctors.
So anyway, thank you so much for tuning into our show.
We will be back next week to do it all over again
and talk about the gaming news that comes up this week.
I will, with the two-week thing, sorry, I'm thinking aloud here.
But, and I haven't even talked to Loki and Dark Sakura about this.
Even though there's not going to be a live OLR Sunday night,
if Microsoft, Sony, or Nintendo makes a massive announcement that week,
which very well could be possible,
we will look at doing a special OLR at some point midweek
to wrap up whatever that is, just depending on my co-host's availability.
But right, Loki-
It's special, after school special.
It's going to have to, I mean, that makes sense, right, Loki?
Like, I wouldn't want to miss that week and then that ends up being the week
that Sony unveiled their price and date, you know?
So we're not planning a live show, but we might do a mini or something.
So just kind of throwing that out there.
A direct.
I guess, yeah, a direct to answer the direct.
All right, anyway, thank you so much for listening to our show,
however you found it, or listening live.
If you enjoyed the show, help us spread the word,
tell a friend or two about the show,
because we are the show where every gamer has a voice,
but in order to put those voices out there,
we've got to have them here in our chat, or in our email bag,
on our Twitter, at OLR.
Tell a friend about the show.
Auto-hosting on Twitch goes a super long way.
That's probably the single most powerful thing you can do.
Even if you don't stream yourself, add VOG Network to your auto-host list.
It goes a long way.
And yeah, oh, Bobby's pointing out PAX Online is after Dragon Con this year,
so that they're not overlapping.
That's kind of neat, because usually PAX and Dragon Con overlap, yeah.
All right, I think that's it.
We're on our way out.
Final thought time.
So, Loki, do you have any final thoughts for us tonight?
I'm just going to keep on working on things, so that's it.
Good luck with things.
My final thought is I'm going to keep grinding that Yo-kai Watch event
and get my glowy mount, darn it, because that's what it's all about,
the eternal pursuit of a glowy mount.
Thank you so much for listening to Orange Launch Radio tonight
and making us a part of your week.
Happy gaming.
Be nice to each other.
Be safe.
Be well.
Have a great week.
Bye.
See you next week.
Bye.
