Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio.
This is episode number 212 for this December the 17th and we're here with our part B,
the last live segment of 2006.
We'll still have some more stuff going to our audio archive, podcast, audio RSS, whatever
you call it.
We'll still have some more audio going there.
We are going to bring you some specials for Christmas week and New Year's week, but since
Sunday our live night happens to be Christmas eve and New Year's eve, we're going to be
taking a couple weeks off from live.
And I'll tell you what, for those of you guys that don't listen live, you missed a great
live only segment this week because we've got to do some special stuff for our live
listeners where we just had an amazing gift exchange and we were just all high on the
love in the studio and just gushing, so it was an amazing time.
You can catch it on all games radio though.
They get access to the live part too and that airs our rebroadcast Monday at 5 o'clock Pacific
Standard Time on allgames.com and then Tuesday I believe only one time at 9 o'clock because
we're so freaking long that they can only afford to air it one time.
Let's get back into some gaming news because our live listeners have been waiting a while
for us to get back into some gaming news.
This was a huge story this week.
The Nintendo Wii Mote, now I got some email messages and some text messages and phones
from listeners and people going, did you hear the Wiis are being recalled?
Somebody hit a panic button, so I want to clarify right now, the Wiis were not recalled.
I realize some people took what happened and ran with it.
What happened is that Nintendo is offering for customers to exchange the old straps which
are six tenths of a millimeter in diameter for a new beefed up strap that is one millimeter
in diameter.
This is in response to those people that are breaking their televisions and the Wiis are
breaking off and claiming that it's the straps that are causing them to do this.
You've probably seen that site, wehaveaproblem.com, seeing the people that have been messing up
there.
I was going to say the old straps, Nintendojo tested them, they withstand about 50 pounds
of pressure.
So these people that are breaking these straps are going above and beyond the amount of stress
that should be applied to these things.
So it should be said that Nintendo is not recalling, but they are offering this program
for anybody who has a concern.
I've been playing the Wii for a long time, I can't imagine how that thing would break.
If it was starting to break, I think I'd be able to tell pretty quickly.
So people have really got to be going crazy.
So let me ask a couple questions here first and a lot of questions people have been asking
themselves this week.
These people that have the broken Wii straps, are they doing something wrong?
Is it a fluke?
What's the issue?
Mass stupidity.
Think across the board, you don't think there's flukes out there?
There may be very few if any.
I think that what it is is you've got people out there who are saying, oh, I'm going to
swing this just like a baseball bat.
I'm going to backhand this this way.
I'm going to, you know, attach it to something else and use it, which I've heard of happening.
The thing is, is that you hardly need a flick of the wrist to do anything on the damn Wii
sports games or any of the others.
These people are basically using the system in a way other than, I think, intent because
there was even a warning put out for using the Wii mote.
If you give me a moment, I'll find it because a friend of mine posted it in her live journal,
except she replaced Wii with penis.
They basically need to just, you know, calm down.
They're really kind of swinging the remote really fast.
I saw a video of one that went through like a wall or something like that because and
they were showing how they were playing with it.
The guy was like throwing like he was doing like a professional baseball toss or something.
Question number two, would you say that Nintendo encourages this behavior from the promotional
videos we've seen from the Wii because Nintendo kind of says one thing that you don't need
to move the Wii mote that much, but then you see these videos of people really getting
into it when it's like on the news and everything.
Is Nintendo encouraging that kind of behavior?
Even though they may be flailing around like looking like complete idiots, they are not
doing it uncontrollably.
I mean, when they're showing them, you know, diving on the couch or whatever to play Wii
test, they're not swinging super hard.
They're just acting like a dipshit and diving across the couch.
Okay, here's the safety information from the Nintendo customer service page.
Safety information for playing Wii.
As you become comfortable with the new and innovative Wii remote, we would like you to
take a few minutes to review some important safety information, which when followed will
help ensure a fun playing experience for all.
One, wear the wrist strap.
Make sure that all players using the Wii remote are wearing the wrist strap and that it has
been tightened using the strap lock.
When sharing the Wii remote between multiple players, be sure that each person using the
Wii remote takes the time to properly put on the wrist strap.
Wearing the wrist strap will help prevent the Wii remote from flying across the room
if you accidentally let go of it during gameplay.
Now the second part is the important one.
Two, hold the Wii remote firmly and do not let go.
Even while wearing the wrist strap, make sure that you don't let go of the Wii remote during
gameplay and do not use excessive motion.
For example, in Wii sports bowling, the proper way to let go of the ball while bowling is
to release the B button on the Wii remote.
Do not let go of the Wii remote itself in bold letters.
If you're having so much fun that you start perspiring, take a moment to dry your hands.
If you use excessive motion and let go of the Wii remote, the wrist strap may break
and you could lose control of the Wii remote.
This could injure people nearby or cause damage to other objects.
They said this in their warning.
You people are stupid!
Okay, interesting comments from chat, I want to say here.
BearWhoDriveCars says, just like the Guitar Hero 2 commercial, you don't need to act that
stupid when you play, but it's a commercial, people.
By the way, I love that nickname.
Well, the thing...
Oh, wait, I want to say one other comment here real quick from chat.orangetonsradio.com.
Airtoast says, might have been a good idea to put rubber grips on the Wiimote.
Interesting thought.
It wouldn't have been any good if people were letting go of it anyway.
The combination of excessive motion, letting go of the controller, basically, you're dealing
with basic laws of physics.
You're pulling against the strain with a greater force than what the rope can handle.
Darkknight says, stupid Americans, and DJ Morpheus says, do not taunt happy fun Wiimote.
Winner.
Question number three, will Nintendo get sued over this?
No.
Yes.
Yes, they will.
And they will get sued because people are stupid and they'll sue over anything.
Amen.
No, okay.
Will they attempt to get sued?
No.
Will it go through?
No.
Okay, having taken business law...
Hold on, I'm getting Dark Sakura's soapbox, let's see, I'm going to pull it out of the
closet here.
Hey, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, shut up.
Anyway, the whole, all right, I'm going to actually bring up another case that happened
a while back in Oklahoma, and you don't hold Oklahoma responsible for this, I guess.
There was a little kid walking behind someone using a weed whacker, and it said, do not
allow small children within so many feet of it.
Well, the little kid was walking behind his uncle picking up sticks and got his arm chopped
off with a weed whacker when it recoiled off a rock.
Not a default in the object itself, but the company still got sued and they won.
The thing is, is that with any type of material object, any type of device, where Nintendo
is going to have to prove is that the device is being used improperly.
That enough warning was given for proper use of the system for them to have a defense against.
If Nintendo did not provide enough anti-stupidity warnings, because keep in mind, like Bill
Engvall says, the reason why we have warnings on everything is because stupid people have
done it.
Legend of Zaku in Chat says, Tack Jomson says, Wiimote is a murder simulator.
Fuck simulating, dude, you'll throw it through someone's head, actual murder.
I think there was a YouTube video of that.
Anyway, we welcome your thoughts on that, Bill.
To tell a DDR dollar bill, people don't read the warnings, but that's not Nintendo's fault.
Nintendo's duty of responsibility is to make the warning available.
I'd like to mention though, actually, there was a thing that they were talking about,
you know, federal government agencies looking into this, and apparently there have been
recorded three injuries with the Wiimote that resulted in non-hospitalized injuries.
That is it.
I mean, this isn't like killing people.
This is like, oh, I'm throwing it through the wall, I'm breaking a TV, you know, I caused
a bruise on my hand that clears up in a week, I mean, just stupid shit like that.
I just want to say this real quick.
I know we want to keep moving the story, but I think this is an interesting perspective.
Funny Dale in our chat room says, they admitted there was a problem with the straps by offering
a recall, and then goes on to say, first rule in corporate America, never admit that there's
a problem.
Well, they didn't, it's a gray area, they didn't admit there's a problem per se.
I see this as a cover your ass, I think it's a cover your ass, I think.
It's the same thing with, remember the Pokémon toys that Burger King was putting out, and
the babies were suffocating on the ball, when it clearly said, do not let anyone under three
years of age have a Poké Ball?
Or they might get trapped inside.
The duty of responsibility was in the parents for allowing their child to have it.
Babymon, I choose you!
But hey, but it is a likely thing, babies will put stuff in their mouths.
They're learning what their mouth is for, basically.
So it was really the parents' responsibility, but Burger King still recalled the Poké Balls,
so that they would not be held further liable for damages.
And I think that Nintendo is trying to take a precautionary step to avoid further problems.
Now here's the thing I have to ask you.
We have to keep it moving after this comment.
Okay, if, like for example, if I have a baseball bat, and I throw the baseball bat and it hits
someone in the head, I'm responsible for that injury.
I shouldn't be able to sue the baseball bat company for the injury caused by that baseball
bat.
Same thing goes with the Wiimote.
I think that if you let go of the Wiimote and it flies out of your hand and through
your TV, the only person you can blame is yourself, because you're an idiot.
It's as simple as that.
Anyways, and speaking of people getting injured with the Wiimotes, not everybody you see on
the internet actually injured by a Wiimote is actually injured.
A lot of people are actually photoshopping their injuries with the Wiimotes, as the case
would be with one that was posted here on Joystiq showing how easily it can be done.
And I got to say, that's pretty sad when you got to do that too.
Yeah, if this is one of you people, if you're one of those people doing it, seriously, screw
you, you're not helping.
I mean, and I hope you don't get any attention from it.
I mean, what, I mean, it's one thing if it's to show off your art skills, and if you say
on it it's a fake or whatever, you know, then fine, you know, have fun with your Photoshop
abilities.
But for those people that are trying to pass it off as legitimate stuff, you know, seriously,
screw you.
Because you're not helping.
You're the same people who are the stupid, lame people who sell PS3s.
Why don't you make a sign that says, pay attention to me?
Anyway.
Flip side of the argument is...
Oh, by the way, audio archive folks, Drew Nami joined us during the bonus segment, because
they don't know you're here yet.
So hi, Drew Nami.
Flip side of the argument is, okay, they're showing how easily it can be Photoshopped,
showing how easily the people who are bringing it to court could be faking it with quote
unquote photographic evidence.
Oh, yeah, I don't have a problem with the demonstration.
There could be a public service in that way.
I don't, I don't, I don't mind that.
I don't mind when they're saying, hey, look, look how easily this can be faked.
I mind the people that are trying to pass off the fake things as real.
That's what I mind.
They're the same people, they are in the same category as people who sell PS3s on eBay.
We can't go back to that subject.
We'll be here all night.
All right.
Well, how about some good news?
Yes, please.
Guess who's going to be heading to the virtual console?
Please say Kid Icarus.
Not yet.
Guardian Legend.
Crystalis.
Blaster Master.
Bible Adventure.
No.
Street Fighter II is, the World Warrior is going to be heading to, Capcom finally loves
us.
Another, though.
But they love Japan more because it's already out over there.
Yeah.
So what?
But a number of other games are going to be coming.
There's Kirby's Adventure, Pilotwings, Punch Out, and hey Rob, Kid Icarus.
Fuck yes.
Thank you.
So, but Capcom is starting to eke him out.
We love you, Capcom.
Sort of.
Leave my phone.
Hold on a minute.
If Street Fighter II comes out on virtual console, this will cost me eight dollars,
yes?
Yeah.
Could I not for two dollars more get a version on Xbox that will allow me to play folks on
Xbox Live, give me more features than the original Super Nintendo version did?
What if you don't own an Xbox?
Okay.
But that would be the only reason you should get this then.
Because if you have an Xbox- Not everybody is in the same financial bracket
or nerdom as us.
No, I understand that.
That's fine.
I'm just saying, if you're in the- Let's say you're a Wii 60 person.
You have them both, okay?
Seriously.
Why would you buy this?
Why not?
Why not?
Well, because you have a better version for two dollars more on the 360.
Rob.
What?
I have it on MAME.
I have it on the Genesis.
Yeah, I do have it on Genesis.
I have it on the fucking Saturn.
And you'll buy this on virtual console?
Probably.
You sad, sad woman.
Rob.
Why would you buy Metal Slug?
I don't really.
Hey, we just got Metal Slug on Wii, okay?
I have Metal Slug on Wii.
I hope- Why would people buy horse turds?
Because they like the PlayStation 3.
Because they're large and smelly.
Because they like to beat them to their dogs.
Seriously.
Hey, Chaz, you want some ice for that burn?
Anyways.
Seriously.
All right.
Well, I hope that game comes out soon.
Anyway, word is coming out that Nintendo has actually secretly this whole time been working
on another Zelda title for the Wii.
This one that they were making on GameCube was just going on and stuff, but this whole
time since the GameCube one's kind of been done for a little while, they just went back
and made the Wii Hansmans or whatever you want to call it.
This all- It really does look like a GameCube game on
the Wii.
Well, that there is another Zelda game possibly sooner than you might think.
This whole rumor, by the way, being started by the latest issue of Game Informer Magnezine.
Very interesting.
I want to see another Wind Waker, to be honest.
I like the way it looked.
The cel shading looked really good on the GameCube, and I think being that the Wii can't
really push out too many high-res textures, that the cel-shaded way would be the way to
go to make a really good-looking game.
Hope for that.
Now, I mentioned I think a few weeks ago that I made a wireless sensor bar for my Wii, but
of course, if you don't want to go to Radio Shack and spend the $25 it takes to do that,
you can spend a few more dollars, $31 after shipping and handling, and visit WirelessSensorBar.com,
and you can purchase one made there for your Wii, and it uses basically a simple 9-volt
battery.
It can give you 48 hours of wireless Wii play, so interesting if you have a projection screen
set up for your Wii, definitely you're going to need something a little bit longer than
the cord there, so that might be the way to go.
Or you can put two candles up and it works just as easy.
Speaking of other things for the Wii, now this makes me particularly happy.
It's in the works right now to make a freeloader for the Wii, and for anyone who doesn't know,
the freeloader will basically allow you to play games from any region, basically, on
your system.
I've got one for my GameCube, fabulous thing, I've been playing lots of Naruto and Soul
Calibur thanks to that, and I have not yet tried my freeloader on the Wii, because our
Wii is sort of disconnected right now because we took it to someone's house, but they don't
have any date or price on it yet, but the quote is,
I don't know how many folks have been importing Wii's from Europe just to play their games,
because you know, they got some stuff earlier than we did, but one way or another, Europe
has sold a lot of Wii's, you know, it just recently launched over there this past week,
and they sold 325,000 Wii's in two days, and of course, just like here in the US, Zelda
Twilight Princess, being a big contributor there to the reason why these Wii's are flying
off shelves at the retail price of 179 pounds, by the way, that's $350 US, and considering
we can buy the system here for $250, once again, unfortunately, our friends overseas
getting screwed a little bit on the price point, sorry guys, don't know what to tell
you.
So, there's some interesting stuff definitely about the Wii, I know people that might not
have wireless internet are kind of shit out luck unless you buy the Nintendo Wi-Fi adapter,
but fear not, because someone's actually discovered that you can purchase a compatible USB ethernet
device with, from actual, like Newegg, they're selling one for $19.99, and it's an ethernet
adapter that you can buy, it's Kinemax USB 2.0 to RJ45 fast ethernet 10-100 base T network
adapter, that's a pretty long name there, but at least that's going to be out now, whereas
the USB one from Nintendo probably won't be out until next year, so if you need wired
internet, that's the way to go.
I thought my friend had this whole thing already, like the Nintendo already had this stuff out
on the market, or is that just because the DS ones are already out there?
Well, that's the Wi-Fi Max, that's that USB thing for wireless internet, this actually
plugs into your Wii, and converts one of the USB ports to an ethernet port.
Oh, okay, I get it, so it works the other way, instead of plugging it into your computer,
you plug it into the Wii, I get it.
Well, this is not for a wireless internet, this is wired internet, it's just a converter.
Does it work if you have a USB router?
I don't know, that's a good question.
Try it, find out.
Anyway, maybe when somebody at home tries that, they'll send us an email, because we
like to read emails every week here on this program.
One of the things we pride ourselves on here at Orange Lawns Radio is that it's not just
us, because we're just some people on the internet just like you, and we know you have
an opinion as well, so we welcome it through the interactive elements of our program, and
one of those is the mailbag.
Dark Sakura opens up the mailbag every week and picks out some of her favorite emails
and shares them with you in our little segment we call the mailbag.
Mailbag at OrangeLawnsRadio.com.
First email comes from our friend AZHP.
Hey, OLR, I know how much you guys love analysts, and I came across this article called the
year ahead in tech by some research analysts, a choice quote from it.
Remember, you can't spell analyst without anal.
I should tell that to my co-workers.
Please do.
Sony will end up with egg on its face as Konami releases a Metal Gear game.
I only coveted Sony Playstation exclusive on the Microsoft Xbox 360.
Sony will also dramatically cut the price of its PSP handheld as a result of the constant
beating administered by the Nintendo DS Lite.
Microsoft will either cut or even completely eliminate the cost of its Xbox Live Gold online
gaming service.
So that was the quote.
I would actually believe that.
How do people this stupid get jobs?
I would believe it.
Well, let me finish reading.
Please break these predictions down one by one and tell everyone how much of an idiot
this guy is.
I would myself, but the email would get too long.
Your show is now some of it.
I honestly think Konami is going to stick with Sony because I think they have something.
However, being that you're seeing Solid Snake on Wii, on a Wii game coming up, I have a
feeling we might see a Metal Gear game on the Wii or a game in the metal in the Metal
Gear family.
I get the sense that Konami is willing to risk something on every platform.
So I think it will be interesting to see what kind of happens with the whole Metal Gear
thing, but I think you're going to see some PlayStation exclusives coming from Konami
and some of the other big publishers.
In regards to the whole thing about Microsoft taking down that they would make online competitive
play free for everyone, that's actually come up before speculation-wise.
So this person is actually not saying anything new.
This whole thing started when gold members started getting trailers earlier, demos earlier,
and were like the only people that could participate in the Phantasy Star universe beta.
Things of that nature have been making people talk that maybe gold is headed in a different
direction for a while now.
So that's nothing new, actually.
I don't know if they can do that, though, because people get pissed off, especially
if you're a retail store that's bought a bunch of these Xbox Live kits and stuff and now
you're shit out of luck with all this inventory.
I really don't think that it's going to go that way because you have to pay for maintaining
the bandwidth.
I think that the gold membership will be part of how these services are paid for, so I think
the competitive play is going to stay on gold and you're still going to have to pay for
it.
You know, it would be interesting if gold would let you play online for the first three
months and then it's free afterwards.
That would be an interesting model, wouldn't it?
I don't think it would work, not in the long run.
These peanut butter cookies are delicious, might I say.
They are.
However, I think that they should do Guild Wars on Xbox and put that available for silver
and silver.
That's a strange suggestion, but I like it.
They're putting Final Fantasy XI on there, why the hell not?
It's not something I would have thought of otherwise, but I like it.
Well, I like that too because you don't have to pay an online service fee for that kind
of game.
You just buy the game.
Yeah.
I wish it had more free MMOs on there because that's what they really need to do.
There's not a lot of really good multiplayer games online that are like an MMO that you
don't have to pay some monthly fee for and I think a lot of people would be looking for
something like that.
I
was thinking about this whole PS3 versus Wii thing everyone is going off about and how
Sony is partially relying on their brand name slash reputation to help sell the PS3.
Too true.
Well, I have an analogy, an analogy also has the word anal in it.
Go back to the NES and Super Nintendo Generations.
Everyone was talking about them and saying this is the system to get.
Nintendo's reputation was pretty much the status of a high school slutty cheerleader
except better.
Everyone knew what Nintendo was.
Well, after those generations look at Nintendo now, they aren't exactly cheerleader worthy
anymore even though this could change this generation.
Could the same thing happen to Sony?
Just replace the NES of the PlayStation 1 and Super Nintendo with the PS2.
Could Sony's reputation break down faster than Loki's career after he gives his bot
the death threat after playing GTA Vice City Stories?
He doesn't understand.
I could kick his ass at any day and he knows it so there's no problem there.
I could definitely see Sony's reputation dipping down quite a bit just like Nintendo's did
after the Super Nintendo, they are already freaking headed that way.
So what do the world famous hosts of Orange Lounge Radio, www.orangetownsradio.com, think
of this.
PS, put an M in the middle of the PS and that's what Rob is going through right now, oh snap
for reals.
PMS3?
Is that like some advanced form of PMS?
Like it's mute to elbow.
Jiranami says it's PMS Beyond.
Alright, anyway.
It's UPMS.
We built PMS.
Yeah, but I think that Sony is already heading down the pooper.
In a way, it's tempting to make those type of comparisons.
Just like how everybody wanted to compare the 360 to the Dreamcast, right?
And there was a lot of, you know, remember way back when when we were doing the separate
program one of the big stories in 2005 was the Xbox 360 people were comparing it to Dreamcast
and I think the 360 is showing it's going to have a longer lifespan than Dreamcast so
it's tempting to make those comparisons based on all this circumstantial evidence and one
could say that Nintendo's big, big, big, big, big, big, big flaw they made with the Nintendo
64 that wrecked that system was the fact that they kept it cartridge based and didn't go
on to the CD and all that stuff and one could speculate that PS3's big, big, big mistake
here is that they forced Blu-ray down everyone's throat but it's still too soon to tell.
The war ain't over yet, like I said, PlayStation 2 took me a while before I bought one so you
never know what games might come out next year.
I actually liked Blu-ray but I liked Betamax too and what happened to that, bastards?
And you know what's funny, price aside, UMD's not bad either, price aside, that's the one
problem I have with UMD.
But now you go to Tower while they're closing all their stores and get them for a dollar.
Next one comes up from Misty, hey everyone, what's up, Misty here, thanks to the Podlines
service, I caught part of the December 3rd episode around 1am December 5th St. Louis
time of course because I was up anyway.
Like usual on my days off from work I slept quite late, amen to that, I made it to the
library before dark but combined the fact that I'm in the middle of catching up on downloading
the podcasts and the fact that I only got an hour and a half online for the visit, it's
no wonder that I didn't get to listen to the rest of the episode on my borrowed computer.
Yes, I am actually working on getting a computer again, with a combination of the game center,
the crib, and the library to get online, I was mostly alright for getting online, heck
I was even able to listen live for about 45 minutes on Sunday nights for the most part.
With that gone though, and with my transfer slash hour switch, I seem to have very little
time online because most days for me seem to involve closing.
That tends to get me out at about midnight or 1am depending on the day, being too wired
for lack of a better word, and not falling asleep until sunrise and sleeping as late
as I can before having to repeat it the next afternoon.
I can sympathize with that.
I definitely plan to have a computer and a laptop by the time I go to my usual anime
convention, Anime Central, which is May 11th through 13th this time around.
Aren't you going to ASUN?
Me?
Yeah.
Yes I am.
Chris will be at ASUN.
I will be there representing Orange Lounge Radio.
Sweet.
She's going to have some promo cards.
In April we'll talk.
Absolutely.
Well, that's where the rest of this is where this email is heading.
That reminds me, the convention talk is about the last thing I can recall from listening
to, from Podlines from my cell phone.
I know this may be a stupid idea, but what the hell, I'm going to say it, why not come
to ASUN and do a panel or something?
I know the timing is not the best considering it's so soon after SakuraCon and halfway across
the country, but at least my conscience is clear on the subject.
Yeah, unfortunately, it's just a cost thing because remember, we don't get paid for doing
this program, so we don't have a travel budget like your pals at Ziff Davis and other publishing
houses do.
Hey, folks who run ASUN, send me a ticket.
I'll come out and do a panel.
But Chris is going out of the goodness of her heart because she's already going for
other stuff, so if we can't make it, she will be our official Orange Lounge representation.
I will go there and I will hand out lots of flyers.
Actually I was thinking, I was going to ask you guys permission if I could get a shirt
that said OLR on it.
Of course.
I could go around and people will know who I am.
Hopefully by that time next year, we'll have official shirts.
That's been an on and off again topic.
And I'm going to be doing interviews and stuff like that because I really...
Just look for the blue hair.
Look for the blue hair.
Yeah, I will have blue streaks in my hair, so I've got to have brown and powder blue
hair.
By the way, I also want to mention that what Misty refers to the Podline service is... Now
we don't support this.
This is another organization, but I will give it a shout out.
Apparently, there's a service where you can listen to Orange Lounge Radio over the telephone
by calling this number, one for long distance, area code 650-523-6855.
Keep in mind that's not an official endorsement of the service.
We don't know much about them.
All we know is that apparently they let you listen to podcast feeds over the telephone,
so use at your own risk.
It's Podlines.net, but it's kind of neat that we're able to get the show out there to folks
who maybe don't have an iPod, things like that where they can't listen to the show on
the go is easier, access to a computer 24-7, so that's kind of neat.
This next email, I shouldn't read it because DMN's not in the chat room tonight, you bastard,
but I'll read it anyway.
You're getting drunk.
Dude, I'm drunk.
I love you, Rob.
My girlfriend love you too.
Seriously, DMN?
That man needs a cookie.
DMN, you need to be like Lindsay Lohan and check yourself into AA, okay?
That's all I have to say.
And like Britney Spears, put some panties on.
Yes, please DMN, put some panties on.
That woman's cooch is not attractive, I'm sorry.
Anyway, that's a harken back to guys on the show, plug, plug, plug.
Thank you.
Anyway, this one comes from Michael, long time listener, first time emailer.
I've enjoyed the song Flotation all the way back from when I first played 2DX6 style and
the vocal mix you played sometime is fantastic.
However, after about two years of trying, I can't find it anywhere.
I know MP3 requests are frowned upon, but I'm desperate here.
Any chance you could help?
There is a Vincent de Mor compilation that's got Flotation, Green Heaven, what's the other
crap?
Fly Away.
All of those on it.
Some of the dance manias do.
So I would suggest looking for some of those compilations.
Yeah, because we can't really endorse the whole MP3 thing, but if you come by on a Wednesday
night in the chat room, maybe I'll hook you up, but I didn't say that.
No, but seriously though, if you do, and we would encourage that you get the originals,
go CD Japan, go to some of the, in fact, I remember seeing on one of the TransNation
CDs.
I think it was the TransNation, either the 2003 or 2004 edition, has quite a number of
really good trance stuff on it and one of them is Flotation.
Was it Flotation or was it Fly Away?
The Flotation 2000 mix, that's actually a really good one.
I used to have that CD until someone stole it out of my car.
And the last one- No, wait, God damn it, Rob left the room.
Okay, okay, okay, I'll read another one.
This actually was sent to us by our friend, Rob, with two Bs.
It was a story from a blog that he sent us that-
Sorry, this won't make sense to the podcast listeners, but now I am starting to see dropout
errors on our end and I don't know if that's live 365 or our fault, so I was just saying
in studio if anyone's doing any downloads or big transfers, those gotta get pulled because
I don't know what's going on.
It could be Comcast, it could be a number of things, so sorry about that, guys.
I lost the email, so I'll go to a different one that he sent us because it sends me several.
Sorry to run out, but I was getting the messages we were dropping out.
Gama Sutra posted a story about Activision, it's the NIMF e-grade given to a ESRB, and
let me just pull up the story real quick because it's actually pretty interesting.
Activision survey finds strong parental support for the ESRB, so basically, and it's a really
good article and I'm gonna link it in the chat room, but basically parents support the
ESRB, they think it's a good idea, certainly makes their jobs a little bit better, I think,
makes it easier for them to be able to judge what their children are playing, I think it's
a good idea.
Now, this last one is interesting, I'm going to read it and Rob has to pay attention.
Maybe I should let Chris read it.
No.
Okay.
The whole point was for you to read it, dammit.
This was sent to us by Chris.
Hi.
Hi guys, it's me, Chris.
I'm a big lesbian, I did not say that.
It's true, but I didn't say that.
People sure attract some weirdos.
Some guy showed up at my house with a red suit on, writing in a sleigh, he asked me
to send you this email.
Dear OLR crew, you wrote ORL?
It was the guy.
Yeah.
On your laptop.
Good evening, OLR.
Oh, and good evening, chat room.
I hope all have had a wonderful holiday season so far.
It was brought to my attention by my elves working in the wishes room, that they detected
a strange anomaly.
It seems hundreds of wishes have been piling in, all for your radio show, hoping for the
best in the new year.
This had me perplexed on how to help, as wishes are my specialty.
After a while it came to me, I gathered all the wishes from your fans to create one gift
that I hope will be of use to help your show.
From the wishes of the chat room, to the wishes of the message board, to the wishes of the
listeners not known, all have a very special gift for you.
To Sky Loki and Dark Sakura, happy holidays and a wonderful new year.
From SCPS, I left the gift with a strange blue haired girl.
She should be handing it to you right now.
And you have to open it.
Oh my.
People attract the weirdest of guys.
Oh my.
That's old.
That's Rob that attracted me.
You know what's funny is that she started to mention this encounter off air, and I said,
was he hot?
That's the question I asked.
Some strange man came to the door talking about the radio show, and the first question
I go, was he hot?
No, you like old dudes?
Am I okay to open this?
It's an envelope, two O-L-R from Santa and the fans.
Oh, I licked it, sorry.
Do you have an oil fixation?
Yeah.
No, really.
Hurry up, Rob.
I'm trying.
I don't want to ruin it.
No, no, no, no.
Yes, please.
Rob pulls the thing apart, maiming the envelope, the poor defenseless thing.
Chris, I- I didn't do it, Santa did.
I'm just not paying attention to anything, I'm actually looking.
I don't know what to say, I'm- Wow, that old guy was cool.
Are you sure?
I don't know what to say, I'm- This is embarrassing, in a way.
Apparently this old guy gave us a location to where he killed Rob's family and left their
bodies, so-
For stuff that you need, because you guys said that you wanted to do a lot of promotion
and you guys might need some stuff, so I thought that I would- it's from the chat room and
from everybody, because it would be really hard to email every single person to ask if
they could donate.
So this is for anything that you guys might need, any trips you guys want to send, any
equipment that you might need, or something you want to buy.
So that's what it is for.
Can I say what it is?
It's- I guess you could call it- It's right there.
I'm throwing it up, throwing it around the whole place.
I guess you could call it seed money to take a well art to the next level, and something
I think a lot of us always like, we always kind of thought to take this to the next level.
It was always- No, I'm sorry, I'm just overwhelmed.
Bandit's on the right track.
It's a- Oh, you're on the right track, I'll put it that way.
It's basically $4,000 in seed money.
It sounds so strange to say.
That kind of- Just to bring you guys to do what we do here, and really be able to take
this to the next level.
Oh God, I'm so embarrassed that- I'm calling your girlfriend and asking her
permission to service you.
I wanted to do something really nice for you guys.
I didn't get to be all emotional, but you guys have done a lot for me that I didn't
know how to reciprocate, and you guys are always talking about, you guys want to do
all of this stuff, and I thought that this was the best way to show you that I could
do that.
It's for promotion, it's for anything you guys want to use it for, completely at your
disposal.
Thank you so much.
Strippers.
I don't know where to begin.
I don't know where to begin.
Yeah, strippers.
Now, it's kind of like that I'm looking at this, I'm like, I don't know.
I don't know where to begin.
I think we need to set up that account now.
I think maybe setting up the work account would be a good idea now, and maybe we'll
be coming to a city near you after all sometime soon, who knows, I don't know, but thank you
so much.
Consider it on your hands.
Thank you.
Are you okay, Loki?
I'm not even looking at chat, I don't even want to know.
I don't buy all games.com, I don't think that's going to be happening.
And it's telling us to drop by 365.
That's never been a possibility before, but now maybe it is.
My heart's racing very quickly.
I know, I'm so sorry for making a complete ass of, no, it's fine, it's fine, I don't
know what to say.
This just doesn't happen.
But it is.
I know, I know, I just don't know what to say, I'm sorry.
He's a little...
Read another fucking email, all right?
That was the last email.
God damn it, read another one, make something up, make something up.
Dear Jamie, I think that you should rule my country.
Love the queen.
You play everything on Doctor Who.
All you would play is Doctor Who.
We'd have BBC Who.
No.
Anyways, I'll take it from here.
Please do, if I had a story up, somebody else needs to do that, I'm sorry.
I'll make up a story.
So anyways, we've got some pretty interesting stuff.
If you happen to have some sort of Bluetooth device, whether it be a USB support for your
computer or laptop, etc., you can actually exchange Miis.
There's a way, apparently if you transfer your Miis to your remote, which you can do
via the Wii console, you can then log into a website for a Miis exchange.
It's actually available on wimodwi.com, that's W-I-I-M-O-D-W-I-I, and slash Miis, and you
can actually submit your Miis there that you've created, as well as download other celebrity
Miis, including such things as Ace Ventura, Albert Einstein, Hitler, Chuck Norris, Chewbacca,
Dr. Evil, Dr. Phil, W. Bush, etc., God, Harry Potter.
So definitely check that out.
Of course you're going to need a program to be able to transfer that, and available also
on wimodwi.com, you can get the Wii Transfer Station, which will allow you to do that,
and it gives you instructions on how to set that up as well.
So definitely worth checking out.
I need to get a USB Bluetooth thing so I can actually do this, because I've got to have
Chuck Norris on my Wii console.
That is a requirement.
Chuck Norris would shatter your Wii.
Okay, I'm going to go ahead and try to do the next story, and then I'm going to run
out of the room for a minute.
Something else that almost drove me to tears when I heard about it was the announcement
of Dragon Quest IX coming to the Nintendo DS.
Square Enix held a press conference to talk about the new Dragon Quest game earlier this
week, and the big shock, nobody was surprised that Dragon Quest IX is coming out.
These games are of biblical proportions in Japan, but the fact that Dragon Quest IX protectors
of the starry sky would actually be coming to Nintendo DS was quite a bit of a surprise.
It will feature 3D graphics, there were some screenshots released, it looks very similar
in style to Dragon Quest VIII, which was recently out on the PlayStation 2, and they are trying
to make it ready by 2007.
By the way, Square Enix is also making a card-based arcade game called Dragon Quest Monster Battle
Road.
Both these games being developed by Level 5.
This brings up a good point, and I hate Sony bashing, but I got to mention this.
There's games that come out on the DS and stuff, it's like games that you're looking
forward to coming out.
Can you name a game that you're looking forward to coming out on the PSP?
I can't, and that's pretty sad.
I own a PSP, and to be honest, I play the PSP a lot more than my DS, and I've pretty
much stripped down all the DS games I have to New Super Mario Brothers and Mario Kart,
and I don't really play anything else on my PSP, but there's really not a lot of must-have
games.
It's just a lot of filler, it seems like, a lot of ports of stuff that end up on the
PSP, but nothing that's just like, wow, a new Dragon Quest game, or ooh, Final Fantasy.
I think that's why their system is not doing this well.
Ereto says Silent Hill Origins.
We just have another Untold Legends, or other Dynasty Warriors...
It's GS-191, breaking news, Japan covered in white substance after announcement of Dragon
Quest IX for DS.
Enus is going to sue somebody now.
So I don't know what else to say about that.
I was pretty surprised to hear that myself, because I don't know, I'm so used to playing
Dragon Quest on my television, but then again, if you think about it, they did have Dragon
Quest on the Game Boy years ago, I mean, they ported one too, and all that.
There will be a Dragon Quest Swords coming out on the Wii, so...
Ooh, I forgot about that, that's right, that was supposed to be a launch title.
I think it was in Japan, so...
All right.
Well, I definitely want to check this out, I mean, I'm liking the Final Fantasy III on
the DS, I don't see any... you know, Dragon Quest graphical style, I think, will translate
very well to the DS, I don't see why this will be a problem.
It's Toriyama, you can't go wrong with him.
I think it'll be good, and also that means the really bad voice acting won't be in it,
which is good news.
Call Blimey!
Anyways, so, now, bringing you further information of what the Mac can do as far as gaming for
you guys, I thought I'd bring this up, you can use, using a Mac, a Wii, and a certain
program, you can make your Wii sound like a light saber when you swing it around.
Apparently there's a program that's out there right now, and why did someone create this?
For the tilt sensor that's in the Mac laptop, so, you know, the prevent from dropping it
on the ground, it senses that it's falling and shuts it off or whatever.
So that tilt sensor, using the app, you can actually, with the Darwin remote program,
and run this program called Wii Saber, and it's basically flinging your remote around
and makes the sounds of a light saber.
Completely useless, but I guess fun if you have a Mac and a Wii.
I foresee an entirely new generation of Star Wars, kid.
Oh, God.
Wii Saber.
Heaven help us all.
Well, how about I redeem the world now?
Please do.
Well, everybody, I'm sure if you listen to our show, you have to be pretty cool so you
know who Kevin Smith is.
Yes.
Noggin of the nooch.
That talk, well, he's interested in making a game based on J.N.
Silent Bob.
To quote, games in one field that I like to be entertained rather than try to be entertaining,
basically stating that he'd come up with the concept and story if someone else would make
the levels and stuff in it.
So he basically is going to be concept director.
Well, I think that Joystick pointed out something very good on this, that the things going against
him is the types of dialogue that he's known for and the types of humor that go in the
game, that will go in his stories.
I think it would definitely be an older crowd he'd cater to.
And I mean, I love how they say, especially if the game is based off of Blutland and Chronic,
it should definitely go, he should do it, but it's going to be an M game.
And that's great.
So she had Dogma the game.
We have to, that'd be awesome.
We have to fight legions of angels.
And with Alanis says God.
Do we get to watch Muse strip because we are not going to watch him do the silence of the
lambs dance.
No Muse.
No Muse.
Serendipity.
Oh, I thought you meant.
Selma Hayek, man.
Okay.
I thought you were talking about Jason Muse because they refer to him by his last name
in there.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
The Muse.
Serendipity.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Boobies.
Well.
Boobies.
You know what, James Tom Bob would be a pretty sweet video game and I think there would be
a collective nerdgasm heard around the world in this type of game.
Oh, my God.
Seriously.
Okay.
Wow.
Well, going to the complete opposite end of the spectrum into things maybe we don't want
to hear about.
Get this.
And I'm looking at something that's for sale at Barcade.com.
It's created by a company called Baytech Games.
It's an arcade version of American Idol Superstar.
It has a, quote, fun and addicting light pattern game.
It has artwork and audio from the American Idol game.
What you do is you press a stop button to light five stars in a row for a prize or you
can continue on and play for a stupid prize, a super prize.
You can go along and play for a super prize.
Once you get the light pattern down, you know, you can get it and light up all the things.
And if you get the super prize, though, it's a lot more difficult to be going for that.
So it's another one of those freaking ticket redemption games based off of American Idol.
Kill it with fire.
After all, they have this ticket game based off the Titanic, so that's not as bad, I guess.
No singing, no karaoke revolution tie-ins, just something else big and ugly to stick
in my arcade to attract all the little rugrats who are celebrating somebody's birthday.
To quote DJ Dark Knight, NOOOOOOO!
And also, to get back on a previous subject, to quote Gara who Drive Car, Ma rats the game,
remove the kids sitting on the escalator level.
Well, while Jay and Silent Bob the video game may be a great thing, certainly this American
Idol news of an American Idol game makes us very angsty because we think about the great
arcade machines, you know, the Soul Calibur IIIs that could be in these arcades, the Time
Crisis IVs, the DDR Supernovas, that will be taken out in favor of American Idol.
And does this piss you off as much as it does us?
Because it makes us so mad we have to rant large the FUs of the week, Dark Sakura.
The first FU of the week goes to Extrofer for not letting us buy him the intimate celebrity
photo shoot butt bleaching.
We were going to get Extrofer a gift certificate for intimate photographs.
And an anal bleaching.
That fell through.
I would however like to say that that conversation at TGI Fridays elicited the most beautiful
facial responses from my husband.
It was gorgeous.
Watching Dan's quorum makes me happy sometimes.
This one's definitely for Nellie.
Fuck you to the stupid grandma that brought her daughter to the Dollar Tree so that she
could buy candy and had to count out her like four dollars worth of purchases with pennies
in front of us slowly and she kept messing up and had to recount them.
It was horrible.
That's why you get paper rolls first.
When I was in college we used to save up all of our pennies in a semester and then roll
them and then go to the movies.
She saved them in grandma's medicine little bottles.
I know the rules.
I hope you don't mind me saying that.
We used to put them all in a gallon milk jar and then we'd count them out before we went
where we were going.
See that's what considerate people would do but you forget she's a dumb bitch.
I had something but I kind of forgot it amongst everything else that's been going on.
So no it's fine trust me.
I guess my F.U. would have to go to myself for crying like a little bitch on a radio
program.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
No, no, no.
Please, please don't feel sorry.
I had a serious F.U. and I seriously oh I know what it was I just remembered it I finally
remembered it and F.U. did in fact I didn't go to bed until six thirty in the morning
yesterday because that's my own downfall but it doesn't make me feel any better because
my Sunday is like completely gone.
Uh oh wait oh hello we still have other people that have to do their F.U.s.
Uh Drew.
First off F.U. to the World of Warcraft 2.0 patch for forcing me into a prediction relapse.
F.U. to certain parts of that patch that break all your interface add-ons.
Can we say remember remember the 5th of December the day all the add-ons are drawn and F.U.
to not having my chat filter up until a week afterwards forcing me to actually deal with
the dude speaking that is in WoW also F.U. to Burnout 3 which is on loan right now for
being so incredibly addictive that's it all righty uh Chris you have some F.U.s of the
week?
Yeah I've only got one and that's F.U. to Fred Phelps and the West Baptist Church all
you people need to like shut the fucking hell up I mean I don't know if you guys know who
the Phelps crowd is they are like the biggest retard inbred retards I've ever come across
not only do they hate gay people that you know that's kind of a given most you know
church based organizations do that but they've got signs out there that say you know God
hates fags thank God for AIDS that kind of shit um they also protest at soldiers funerals
I don't care how much you like this war or not you do not protest at dead soldiers funerals
you fucking retard and did they protest the Amish too they protest okay how can anyone
hate the Amish they protested I'm sure all of you heard some little girls got killed
by this insane guy and the little girls were Amish four little girls got killed in the
schoolhouse in a schoolhouse this guy came and was gonna yeah it just killed them they
were he was going to rape them the bastards were gonna protest at an Amish little girl
Amish funeral how can you no one hates the Amish what are they gonna do you know knit
a quilt at you yeah really I mean oh my god you know when that happened the Amish um set
up a fund for the murderer's family family who hates the Amish they were gonna have signs
out there that were gonna say your daughters are whores they're burning in hell you do
not do that you are a human being god damn it you treat people with fucking respect out
there if you hate homosexuals you do not go to a little girl's funeral and you know protest
that kind of shit especially Amish mentally ill people I mean the Amish don't have you
know I'm sure they they keep up to date with some stuff but it's not like they have a big
scope of the world out all the freaking time was there the Westminster Baptist church if
you don't believe us check this site out godhatesfags.com yeah it's very interesting it's disgusting
I mean well I mean if you watch I don't take it seriously I don't take it seriously these
people are seriously ill yeah you should here's something fun type in Phelps um or go to godhatesfags.com
and you can find his name go go go put that shit on YouTube Shirley Phelps is his wife
like the guy yeah Fox News interviews with Shirley Phelps.com oh my god it is so funny
all right it is so yeah everybody kept asking her what the fuck is wrong with you and she
said we are we are given the word of God all you are sinners you all are gonna die unless
you belong to our little inbred church she obviously hasn't read the Bible yeah seriously
she and she looks like she got hit with a shovel too it's like we've got to get back
to games I know it's fine they they struck a chord in me Merry Christmas everyone fucking
felt Jesus loves Jesus loves you so worship him or I'll kill you to quote Chris Jesus
saves everybody else takes half damage I love D&D geek jokes anyways so hey what do you
say we continue on with some stories yes so if you don't have enough money to spend on
PlayStation 3 or you know a 360 or even a Wii for that matter what can you do what can
you do well you can buy retro and you know for the same matter why bother buying virtual
console games when you can actually have the original console that was played on so shop
eBay shop your local thrift stores find those old consoles and find the games for even cheaper
hell go to if you're in the California area here go visit a tower or hell I think around
the they're all around the country but visit our records they're closing down so I get
some old ass games there if they have some used stuff but yeah eBay is your friend you
can find lots of consoles for cheap especially when people are trying to earn some extra
money to buy the new ones I like eBay eBay has been taking a lot of my money lately well
something that hasn't taken a lot of my money in a long time is the Atari 7800 the system
that is most notoriously known breaking you can have a working AC adapter those are pretty
hard to come by too but the systems no no no out of five that I've played all of them
broke so yeah but some people decided that it's a good idea to put a new game out on
the 7800 we have pac-man collection for the 7800 and again 7800 is a good system don't
get me wrong but it's a bunch of homebrew games that were compiled by Bob decrescendo
that don't decrescendo sorry and it includes pac-man puck man hangley man which is the
best name ever ultra pac-man random mazes miss pac-man miss pac attack and miss random
mazes has a full color manual you can play it in plus or fast mode which is alternate
play options junior pac-man and super pac-man are both missing and it's a $30 package there
is a let's see there's apparently the link on Atari age.com you can find it there a new
pac-man for a system nobody plays anymore be still my fleeting heart I actually or nobody
wants to play because last year god damn much last year we did by super pac-man for as I
miss pac-man for the 5200 the prototype well that's a 5200 I know well I love this 200
200 is freaking rad it has kicks on it well too bad my Atari 7800 is five times broken
everybody's is broken no but you know what for somebody who's like an old school gaming
collector type thing they are gonna be just simply amazed at this you know and I kind
of think pick it up I think it's cool that people would put the effort into something
like this you know tease this game all you want but just the fact that there is so much
love for Atari out there that somebody would put something like this together it's pretty
rad it's pretty rad anyway what's not so rad is that Nintendo having to do these programs
recently we talked about the strap thing earlier in the show well they also this is a full
fledged recall in Japan not here but 200,000 AC adapters for the DS and DS lights have
been recalled overseas keep in mind that things plug in differently over there than they do
over here so this news does not affect us here in the US but those are being recalled
so if you're in Japan you might want to look to your local press for some more information
on how you can do that usually you just take it into the store and all that stuff so interesting
yes and in case those exploding AC adapters don't kill you well then the Wi-Fi will yes
apparently everybody loves you know creating a scare where whether it be you know cell
phones causing cancer or you know Xboxes causing home fires or you know stuff like that but
now people are worried that Wi-Fi might actually be killing you because the waves it uses causing
some sort of brain damage or stuff like that why would people actually think this I mean
that's like thinking that the earth is flat or that I don't know the that the earth or
the Sun revolves around the earth and vice versa people are stupid this is why people
will fling remotes at the TV because they're retarded they'll believe this shit you you
know what I swear to God when this that whole story with the Wiimotes you know them offering
the extra thick strap for the Wiimote so many people at my work came up to me go have you
heard they're recalling those remotes because they keep breaking things this is a good cross
section of the people of the United States you know the people I work with right here
and they're all idiots so you know they just unfortunately they were you know getting the
story spun by you know God knows what news program and so they didn't get the you know
pure facts for it and that's unfortunately how people are gonna see this whole problems
and eventually when people catch on this whole Wi-Fi thing that they're gonna be like oh
my god oh my god get in the bomb shelter now the world is coming to an end so people suck
yes they do but something that doesn't suck of gear is Gears of War the game has broken
two million copies worldwide and that's one million in the u.s. alone since the fastest
selling next-gen console game with lots of death and shooting and killing and bomb shelters
but basically though there is an official press release put out about this just stating
that that it's basically the quote on here from Jeff Bell who's the corporate vice president
of global marketing for interactive entertainment business at Microsoft Corporation was saying
corporation corporation was saying Gears of War has clearly won the battle for the title
of must-have a game of the year it's phenomenal success is one of many reasons why Xbox 360
is the ultimate place to get together with friends to play this holiday we've always
had high hopes for Gears of War but we never expected such an overwhelmingly positive response
from critics and gamers all over the world that's a quote from Michael cap set up at
games so that's pretty cool and I also said another fun stat that on Xbox Live that the
total of the gameplay sessions online reach 10 million and unlocked 7 million achievements
so oh my gosh and I have paid with those paid registrations on Xbox Live have gone over
50% more since the game has launched wow all right well I know you guys have been dying
to want to call into the show it's been a very interesting night tonight to say the
least it's kind of like our um well what do we keep threatening to do last year we're
gonna do a Christmas in Compton special or something like that it's certainly been a
very uh interesting evening if we were gonna share if we were gonna want to do something
that we already have a theme song we could do you know Christmas and Hollis what was
what's that song that Eazy E did the Christmas was that Christmas in Compton that's it Christmas
it was Christmas in Compton all right well Run DMC did um uh Christmas in Hollis all
uh... well anyway well you know i get to the uh...
voicemail of the week as well
uh... we we got a lot of play this real quick a voicemail here
uh... that was left us out by a listener we get a lot of voicemails this week a
very disappointed
one eight seven seven game or and there's a stuff to give away this week
too
so uh... you know you want to leave us your sony commercial if you don't know
what the heck we're talking about the party
uh... here's what's going on week
either this is the poll and i was just looking a lot to be podcast when you
guys were talking about
the point system for the week
on downloading game and i wanted to note that i actually do have to pay tax i
live in nashville tennessee
and when i buy point online with my credit card it does charge tax
just thought it would be an interesting note
you guys later love the show bye
interesting so we have yet to really hear thank you for the voicemail by the way
we have yet to really hear how this whole tax thing breaks down because we know
those of us in california aren't paying the tax on the wee points but now we know
tennessee our listener here pennsylvania probably some other states are charging
very interesting how that's all breaking down not a whole lot set on that
it is
a transaction you are paying for a service
so it's sensible
at the same time it's it
there's just a little bit of it seems bizarre to me
well i just
icon
i could be curious to know like
do you get taxed on xbox points to
that would be kind of what i'd be wondering about so
uh... and and folks in the other areas as well that are getting taxed on the
we points i'm kinda wondering what the differences
cuz i'm not taxed on microsoft points either
so i'm kinda curious why there'd be a difference what true
an internet tax maybe i don't know
all right we're gonna go to the skype line right now uh... our username on
skype is orange lounge radio and our number one eight seven seven game o l r
the calls are already coming in let's go to the first call higher on orange
launch radio is this
is production hi paradox vincent what's on your mind buddy
i
discard b mania two d x happy sky
uh... that's right i think i've heard i've only heard that i talked to me
clinton earlier this week and he had played it
uh... and he said it was ok but there's been better releases what are your
thoughts on b mania two d x happy sky
well
wake up a limited edition
and uh... i would like that
everything the package together was really nice
uh... i haven't got a chance to watch the dvd yet because i don't have a
region free
but the game itself
the uh... the skin for it
i'd say the great improvement over anything they've ever done
and i like the fact that you can change that
music when you're selecting the song
might only great
really be the new difficulty setting but i haven't really gotten used
to uh... creating them by twelve
that's eight
all yeah i was new in happy sky right
basically
there was uh...
i can only
play on uh... seven on three x red
and there was a really big gap between
really easy
seven songs and really hard seven songs that's about where i'm at yep
yeah
that's been pretty much split down between seven and eight difficulty now
the song list itself though i was really happy with
and uh...
my biggest complaint about the songs
would be the difficulty of uh...
may and zephyr
which were my two favorite songs
and
they're nearly impossible
on
seventy and another
but
on white mode
they're just too easy
interesting so there's too much of a gap in the difficulty there
in some songs
giant gap in difficulty uh...
i think blue
blue mirage was another one of those
overall i was really happy with it
uh... one other quick question i have for you to get a move on to some of the
calls what would you say you would like to see konami do if they put out
uh... beatmania thirteen or beatmania distorted out on the console would you
like to see them
what they need to most improve on with their next release
most improve on with the next release
i stopped you know i'm
yeah i'm really happy with the beatmania system
and you can't really change the note charts
would you like to see an edit mode or something? I don't know
edit mode
where maybe like not necessarily you get to put the notes wherever you want but you can
key map them however you want might be interesting
if they could make it work
that might be interesting
i'd say add
something new
because they have
customized now they have class mode
they have all these modes and i would really like to see them add
some kind of new thing
long mixes
might be kind of cool too
alright we'll see
i gotta let you go paradox vincent but thanks so much for the call have a great week alright
thanks for the review
thanks for the review of beatmania 2dx happy sky
uh... let's go to another call here on the skype line
uh... and uh... you can call us again at eight seven seven game o l r or username
skype or sorry username orange lounge radio on skype
hi you're on orange lounge radio who's this
i hope you know that you pulled me away from a very important zelda party to be
here hello maggie long time no see
how are things you know i think we have a bit of a lag tonight because of the
internet drop pitch problems we've been having so i think that's causing a bit
of a delay so we'll do the best we can
uh... what's on your mind tonight magazine
uh... well besides the wonderful zelda party that i just left to come up here
and talk to you freaks
uh... i'm really mad about the whole we strap breaking thing
uh... because
eight for a ticket
where do i start
uh... first of all nintendo makes high quality stuff they wouldn't make faulty
straps i don't think
and second if you're throwing your we most so hard at the stress in a break
then you're using it to your you are abusing it
in the first place
uh... you work at a game store right if you heard customers complaining about
this at all
uh...
uh... i've heard people people have like come up and ask me like
uh... so i heard that all the we most are are recalled is that true and i
haven't heard anyone say it like my strap broker something like that
it's just a big group is like a big game of telephone gone crazy
pretty much right
i have to i have to ask this what exactly do you do it is all the party
uh... out there and they sell the and play the song by system of it out
without pants you do you without pants do you eat like uh... tortilla chips and
call them tri-forces or hells yeah
okay i was just
i was curious what other little thing that i think it was a doritos
who arranged the win by the way maggie we've since we're not doing a show next
week we wish you happy birthday on air will
well thank you yeah i think to you and you are there to hear it you are going
to be sorry
back to you
however when you're again
the
mexico
the
here
i what what what what what's going to be the party on your birthday may see
you have a princess peach party or
kind of
i don't know
braid on that this is a family show
if you have any other thoughts for our listeners may see
uh... phoenix right to should be out right now because francisca von karma
is hot
uh... looking at january
january sixteenth alright everything you put drew and uh... people fit he's
called up in a ball are you okay
he's going to see a real kind of scary and he's heading on the florida
shivers he screamers
all right his head at school and i'll see you in two weeks baby
all right i'll see you then by maybe i'd like to tell the party
all right
uh... let's go to another call
high on orange launch radio who's this
uh... hi
rasul rasul rasul hi airman who's this
hey we're good how are you you sound kind of far away what's up sorry i'm
just borrowing a friend's headset first i want to say happy holidays everyone
thank you very much appreciate it
are you done crying rock if you know you've been so lucky
i'm no i'm i'm good i i made a little potty break while uh... jamie and uh...
matt were doing some stories and i'm i'm good enough
i'm sorry i don't know why i i i was just overcome with a lot at once those
something else he overcome then
sorry yeah yeah
that's that's debatable
that's debatable
anyway sorry rama uh... what what uh... what's on your mind
do we lose him?
is he there?
i'm going to touch up on the whole thing about the brick consoles
you know
uh... the connections bad rama i'm so sorry
i'm sorry i'm so sorry rama we can't understand the damn thing you're trying
to say
sis says something about the brick consoles let's speculate what was rama
trying to say about the brick consoles you think
you should try to build a house out of xbox three sixties
uh...
and call it x house no
i got the idea because my i have the duh calendar and it's talking about the
house that was built out of newspapers
and the house that was built out of gravestones
and i think that someone should build a house out of xbox 360 bricks
interesting alright let's go to another call i think this might be rama on his cell
hi you're on orange house radio who's this
ravens dolphin how are you? oh no i picked up a different phone
no it's fine we'll take your uh... perspective what's up what's up dude
you sure you sure? yes what's up we want to know
i just want to tell you it's just been such a lovely year
listening to olr on pst drive september
i forget what day but it's been great
yeah i mean you you won the wii so you had a really good year in orange house
radio wise didn't you?
yeah
what was your favorite gaming movie he didn't say that very convincing it was
kind of like bandit's telling us to hang up do you have a rebuttal yeah no don't
listen to the chat room yeah bandit said that i'm a quitter in chat so bandit can
catch my ass yeah the wii was alright i mean no i'm
kidding ravens dolphin what was the best gaming moment of 2006
the best gaming moment of 2006 was actually winning that wii i was
super excited when you went like oh look who won it and i was like it can't be
it can't be and my phone went blah blah blah blah blah
what what oh shit so you would say your favorite moment of
uh oh that's that's a good number one and two number one is winning the wii
number two is rob rob rob rob rob rob rob rob rob rob rob rob rob
i'm gonna come around and smack you
yep with this seed money i'm gonna buy a big
orange bat to clobber her with when she starts that shit
I just got one of those off eBay.
You just bought a rocket launcher?
I want a rocket launcher!
Oh, it's a USB rocket launcher on eBay.
All right, yes, Ravenstaufen.
I just want to say DMN is drunk and rage and lives on crazily on Friday.
DMN is not even here and his tail is between his legs somewhere else.
I don't know what to say.
I don't know where he is.
He's drunk and a pod somewhere.
He's drunk fapping on the Internet.
All right, Ravenstaufen, we've got to let you go to get to some more calls.
We appreciate it, though, and I hope you had a good week.
Bye, guys.
And everyone else there, bye.
All right, let's go to this call.
I think this might be Raman's cell phone.
Oh, can I even pick up another call?
Why isn't it a little...
Oh, damn it.
That's all right. Well, fine, we'll go to someone else.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is Solarwing.
Hi, Solarwing.
What's on your mind?
Solarwing, I'm sorry, I thought you said celery.
Sorry.
Celery's good for you.
It's a good thing.
No.
Solarwing, what's on your mind?
Wii straps.
How can people even think that they would break?
Well, because they have been.
No, they haven't.
Well, the Wii straps, yes, have broken, but it's due to people's stupidity that they're
breaking, we assume.
Not at their own volition.
It may be a few fluke circumstances that doesn't happen, but yeah.
Right.
I don't own one yet, but I will be getting one, and I tried it.
I could not break it.
I tried.
I know.
I've been kind of, like ever since I've been reading these stories, I've been kind of trying
to break mine, and you can't.
I don't know how people do it.
Well, what are you going to be getting when you get your Wii?
What kind of games do you want to get with it?
Of course, the classic Zelda.
At a bit, so I want to try that.
Alibits is pretty fun.
It's a good game.
All right.
Well, good luck to you on your Wii Quest, and please don't break any Wii straps.
We don't want an Orange Lounge listener to be the first Wii casualty.
Anything else you want to share with our listeners tonight, buddy?
Just happy holidays to you guys.
Thank you so much.
Same to you.
I hope you have a good holiday, and I hope you get a Wii under your tree.
That would be fun.
Oh, yeah.
All right.
Good luck.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
All right.
Let's go to one more call here, and I think it's this one that I want.
Hi.
You're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
It's Ron.
I finally made it back on my cell phone.
Finally.
All right.
What the hell were you saying about brick consoles?
My thing is this.
If you're spending so much money on these consoles, it wouldn't kill you to drop an
extra 20 or 30 bucks on the extended warranty.
That way, if it does happen, instead of having to go through a rigmarole with shipping out
the unit, go to the store, get it exchanged, you come back, you're back gaming within the
hour.
Let me tell you what I hate about the extended warranty thing, though.
It's not the warranty itself, but it's the fact that these things are always trying to
be shoved down my throat.
And I'm one of those people that's like, when somebody tells me I have to get something
or I need it, I'm like, no.
Don't tell me.
I don't know.
There's a difference between friendly advice and people that are trying to pressure me
so much into buying these warranties.
And plus, it's tough because you do feel like it's wasted money when you don't use it, and
it all adds up.
You know what I mean?
I know exactly how you mean it.
I do this for a living.
I sell cameras and laptops and stuff.
I tell people about the warranty, and I tell them the positives about it.
I tell them, you don't have to get it, but it's just a piece of mind.
I completely understand.
I never force it like it got in your throat.
Well, it's all about the way you sell it, but granted, all those pros were brought to
you by your management, and you probably have to do that to some extent, right?
Yeah, but I still do it from any other store, but the thing is, I tell people from my own
personal experience because I've been dealing with this for a very long time.
Fair enough.
Fair enough.
I mean, but I don't know.
I kind of find that the basic warranty is usually enough to cover me because if it's
faulty, it's going to break in the first few days, but I can understand why people are
about the extended warranty, but I don't know.
I guess you just have to make your own informed decision based on your needs.
To Funnydale, it does cover that, okay?
No, Funnydale says the extended warranty won't help pay off all the doctor's bills.
Well, you know, it won't help to replace the $5,000 on TV, but the right warranty will,
you know?
All right.
Yeah.
Rama, we got to let you get over so we can wrap up the show, but thank you so much for
calling us back, all right?
All right.
Sure.
Hey, no problem.
Happy holidays.
Bye.
Do you have something for Rama?
No.
Oh, all right.
Do you have something here in town?
She'll give it to you later.
No, not like that, but I have something to play for people because this is what's on
my mind about work tomorrow.
You know what's sad is probably a lot of people don't even get it.
That's all right.
A lot of people do.
A lot of people do.
I'm sure.
That's fine.
No, I get it, but I have to have it explained to me.
All right, anyhow, this is the part of the show where we ask for any last-minute stories,
boys and girls.
I have a story.
Yes.
My story has to do with a baseball player.
The pitcher for the Detroit Tigers, Joel Zumaya, actually hurt his arm.
He was complaining of aches and pains in his arm because he was playing too much Guitar
Hero.
When he examined his pain in his forearm, it was determined that it was more like that
of the guitar player and suggested that he stopped playing Guitar Hero.
It was actually severe masturbation.
Fap attack.
Anyway, he stopped, improved, and went on to play in the World Series.
He said it was probably to blame, but no one else really said anything.
I thought it was funny.
That was pretty funny.
Loki, do you have any last-minute stories?
Yeah, I have one.
This is going to piss people off.
With Pokemon Battle Revolution coming out on the Wii in Japan being one of the first
online Wii titles, it comes with a little surprise for you.
Guess what that would be?
Another 12-digit friend code.
Because apparently the friends list on Pokemon Battle Revolution is different than your normal
friends list and you have to swap Wii codes with other people in other places.
Oh my god, you've got to be kidding me.
I thought they promised one friend code.
They just meant for the system itself?
Uh, yes.
The problem is you cannot send the friend codes over the Wii Online system either.
You have to actually exchange your 12-digit friend code in real life.
Nintendo, what the hell is wrong with you?
You've been told enough times this friend code system is not effective.
I understand what you guys are trying to prevent here with this whole people afraid about their
kids or whatever, but seriously, it's simple enough that both people have to have each
other listed before they can even communicate with each other.
That's effective enough.
End of story.
There's no need for this 5,000 friend code stuff.
That's horrible.
I don't think Nintendo really gets the online market, do they?
After all, they launched a new next-gen system.
Where's that report coming from?
Forecolor Rebellion, which they're pretty good at.
Respectable Source.
Oh, man.
That's horrible.
Actually, and the other thing too, this is actually Forecolor Rebellion is reporting
IGN articles, so that's even better.
They don't get it, do they?
They just don't get the online.
I mean, that's what I'm thinking.
Their online service so far, well, it doesn't exist.
Somebody's going to call Nintendo to the carpet over this one.
I mean, because this is ridiculous.
This whole friend code crap.
So what the fuck was the point of swapping those friend codes?
Oh, so I can just send back some messages and send Miis to each other, which only support
one game so far?
Very disappointing.
Xbox really gets it in the online world.
They do.
They do.
They of course aren't charging for their online service when Nintendo isn't, but of
course there is no service to charge for, so I'm just very disappointed.
Me too.
That's a bad thing to end on.
I would have done more FUs if I knew this was coming.
All right.
That's a heck of a thing to have as a last minute story.
That must have been just late breaking, huh?
Was it just posted a little while ago or before we...
I think it's today.
Interesting.
All right.
Damn, that's the end of the show, so we're going to go around and give everybody's final
thought.
Chris, thank you so much for being here tonight and everything that you've done.
Really appreciate it a lot, and do you have any final thoughts for our listeners?
Oh, me first?
Yes.
Okay.
Happy holidays.
I hope everyone has fun.
I'm going to Wisconsin for Megzi's birthday, so I'll probably...
We're going to try and leave you guys a message or something for later on.
Cute.
That'll be fun.
Just have fun, but not too much fun.
It's going to be basically, ah, ah.
Remember, if you can't be good, be good at it.
Drew Nami, thanks for stopping by.
Sorry you didn't get to participate in part A, but that's what happens when you're tardy.
Any final thoughts?
Hey, hey, hey.
I didn't know I was invited.
You can come whenever.
Oh, okay.
I'm flattered.
Merry Christmas to all and to all a good game.
All right.
Loki, your final thought?
My final thought is, I've got to return Far Cry.
I'm thinking it's going to suck.
My final thought is Banana Muffin.
Dark Sakura, your final thought?
Exterminate.
Exterminate.
Okay, I was told one more.
Okay.
Reject false icons, bitches.
I take that back.
This is the best Far Cry vengeance trailer I've seen.
It has a rabbit in it.
And, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and Chris is awesome.
All right.
You're welcome.
Just so you guys, I agree.
I agree.
Just so you guys know, our next live show is not all the way until January of, it's
January 7th of 2007, but fear not.
I know a lot of you guys listen to our audio archive podcast, audio RSS, whatever the hell
you want to call it.
There will be more content coming for you guys there.
So we'll see you on the podcast and until then have a happy holidays, whatever it is
you celebrate, even if you don't celebrate anything at all.
Just stay curled up under the blankets and I hope you have a, have fun drinking hot cocoa
or whatever.
Bite.
Yeah.
If it doesn't work, try adding a little vodka.
Have a great night everybody.
We'll see you next time on Orange Laundry.
Thank you for supporting independent radio.
Bye.
Bye.
