Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio here on this special New Yearís Eve special leading
on into the year 2007, weíre bringing on some special guests from all across the independent
gaming voice community, we have some bloggers and other podcasters and folks who do other
live shows and even dipping in and having some guests from the sci-fi and geek world
coming in as well and thatís where our next guest comes from, yes, Dark Sakura?
Definitely comes from geek world, this is Travis from Travis Donovan Live.
Alright everybody, help me welcome Travis from Travis Donovan Live to the program, Travis
you there?
Yeah, me here.
How you doing Travis?
Surviving, Iím sitting here in the dark with my pants down.
Hey now, this is a family show, what the heck is going on there, where youíre at, youíre
in Texas right?
We are in Texas and right now we are experiencing typical Texas weather.
Which means?
Thunderstorm warning, tornado watch.
Oh fun.
And no power.
No video games for you then today?
No and I just got my Wii today.
Oh no, how did you finally get a Wii?
With two EB games of all places and just randomly after stopping at GameStop and asked GameStop
first and they said no, they had PS3 then, but now Wii just went to EB Games and said
hey do you got a Wii?
And the guy just looked at me and went ìyeahî and I said ìhook me up my brotherî.
Some stroke of luck.
What games did you get for your Wii?
I got Raymond, the rabid one that everybody hates.
Weíve heard some pretty good things about that from some of the other guests weíve
had on the program.
I figure if everyone else hates it then Iím going to love it.
Alright, well then we definitely want to know your opinion on some of the best and worst
in 2006 because if your opinion is the opposite then that should be kind of interesting.
So we have ten boxes left, please pick a box, one through ten.
Alright weíll go with lucky number seven.
Lucky number seven, here we go, letís open the box and the category we want to know your
opinion on is best game to play online.
What was the best game to play online in 2006?
Well thatís going to be difficult seeing how I didnít play a lot online and it would
have been 360 only.
Iím going to take a book or a page from my family here and Iím going to go with what
they play online all the time and it has to unfortunately be the soul-stealing Final Fantasy.
Final Fantasy XI then on 360, right?
Yes, well no, on PC.
Oh theyíre still playing PC, well weíre going to have to say the 360 version because
the PC one came out a couple of years ago but the 360 one was this year.
Okay well then let me change my damn answer.
Alright, alright, alright, what then?
Best game this year to play online, oh what the hell.
Gears of War.
Gears of War, very popular choice, any particular reason why you chose Gears of War?
I have it for the 360 and I played it online like twice and it was fun.
Have you played the co-op mode?
I hear a lot of people, I think the reason why a lot of folks really enjoy Gears of War
is because of the co-op and not a lot of games encourage co-op.
No because nobody on my friends list bothers to play.
I would play with you Travis at some point.
Okay thatís just kinky and wrong.
Alright then fine, the choice stands as it is and Iím not going to play online with
you.
Alright well then how about this news topic, Iíd be very curious to know your opinion
on this, earlier this year there was a TV station that used to represent gamers a long
time ago that changed their slogan earlier this year and that was G4 Television and their
new slogan as of earlier this year was ìWe Get Guysî.
You ever watch a G4 TV Travis?
Unfortunately I have accidentally stumbled upon it because on my channel listing itís
awfully close to BBC America and stuff like that so I accidentally tuned into it.
I see, did you ever watch G4 Tech TV back in the day right when they first merged?
In its heyday, well actually before it merged, Tech TV was the bomb.
It was the ìshiz nitî as they say in the ghetto.
It was the best thing for geeks and gamers out there.
Then when G4 took over it was fine, it was okay, there were some bumps in the road but
unfortunately now it is what I like to call a partial birth abortion of a network.
What happened, what went wrong?
They have no idea or concept of how to program a network around gaming and technology.
Theyíre too ratings conscious and unfortunately they have a talent pool which makes a West
Virginia gene pool look like genius status.
Do you think that thereís a need out there for a video game network or do you think online
kind of fills that void?
The internet of course fills it.
It fills it extremely well.
There are tons of sources whether youíve got your GameSpot, your IGN, your 1UP, your
joystick, whatever.
Print wise, magazine wise you also have a plethora of magazines you can buy.
Television wise it would be good to have somebody or a network that wasnít jockeyed one way
or the other by advertising dollars to sort of twist their slant on gaming in the industry
because Iíll tell you right now you can tell on G4 that the almighty dollar really does
affect some of what they say on that network.
Iím not a big fan of that network.
I think what theyíve done to my holy grail which is Star Trek is ridiculous and stupid
with that whole 2.0 shit, pardon my English, and now theyíre showing cops.
Iím sorry.
Cops are going to be onÖ
I was flipping the other day and I saw cops on there and I was like wow, itís very interesting.
Why do you think then people continue to in the gaming world care about G4 because I noticed
that once in a while game blogs and game sites run these stories on G4 television and I canít
help but personally wonder and I know weíve talked about it on our own program previously,
why do people continue to care if G4 is not giving the gamer world what we need?
Why is the gamer world continuing to give them free press?
So long as you have any type of mass media outlet, everybody is going to try to take
advantage of as many of those outlets as possible and G4 is one of those.
You have the talking heads on that network which are there to shield their products and
thatís why people still care unfortunately about G4.
I give G4 credit to be one of the very few Americanized networks that actually employ
a shemale, Morgan Webb, and a spasmatic schizo with severe bipolar disorder, Adam Sessler,
and the rest of their lineup and I love how they steal British interactive television
game shows and claim them as their own, i.e. that late night video game or that game call-in
show that they do which is a steal from a British show that they do over there.
So long as theyíre on the air, game companies will use them as an outlet to shield their
products because the attention span of the American public is that of a fruit fly.
Theyíll get their media anywhere they can.
We here at Orange Lounge have given them too much airtime as it is so we need to move right
on to the next topic.
But thank you for your input.
What did you think was the best video game of 2006, weíre tallying it up tonight?
The best game of 2006, again, Iím going to fall back on is Gears of War just because
it took the first person shooter, it really didnít ratchet up a notch as far as the style
of gameplay, itís still the same run, duck, cover, shoot, but the graphics quality, I
think itís the first true game of 2006 to take advantage of the next gen console and
itís going to be interesting to see how this plays out with the other next gen console,
the PS3.
I donít throw the ìweî into the category of next gen because graphics-wise itís the
same but the 360 and the PS3, youíre finally seeing the developers get a hold of this and
Iím looking forward to 2007.
I think ìweî tries to classify itself more as a ìnew genî than ìnext genî, so it
could be interesting to see how that all plays out.
It is.
I mean, the ìweî is definitely revolutionary and it is going to be fun to play and itís
going to be innovative and itís going to be fun to see how publishers take advantage
of that as well.
All right, what was your worst game of 2006?
Oh, God, we donít have enough time on the show.
Iím going to go from a standpoint of a letdown as far as genre is concerned and that would
have to be Star Trek Legacy.
Ooh, wow, why is Star Trek Legacy?
The single-player story missions are incredible and theyíre fun and the graphics are great
and itís great that you have the voice of all the captains and that partís wonderful.
Whatís killing this game from being as hot as Bridge Commander was on the PC, and as
I went into it on my show, is the multiplayer.
The multiplayer on this game literally sucks.
I mean, it sucks big floppy donkey dongs, so half the time you canít even get into
a game, you get kicked out, the connections are horrid, the lag times are not bad when
you finally get a game, but the problem is getting a game.
You think itís possible maybe the developers will push a patch out that hopefully will
fix some of it?
Well, they were quick to push a patch out for the multiplayer on the PC.
They literally had that out the same day it was released on PC, but Legacy was a port
from 360 to PC, so that was because they were having problems with GameSpy and GameSpy is
well known for having compatibility issues with games anyways.
But if there was going to be a patch, it would have been out by now and I donít think.
I think Bethesda Soft is just taking CBS Biocomís money and saying, ìHere, we gave you three
games, thank you for the money, good luck and thanks for all the fish,î kind of thing.
I know Star Trek is something near and dear to your heart because you do the sci-fi program
here on Orange on Saturday night, yes?
Not so much sci-fi anymore, but yes.
What exactly can the fans expect to hear when they tune into Travis Donovan Live on Saturdays?
Thatís great, being the station manager and such as you are, keeping up to speed with
the shows, Rob.
I do throw a little sci-fi and geek into it, of course, but Iím now getting to the point
where Iím so pissed off with the morons in television and the morons on the internet
totally infecting reality that itís time that reality gets put back in its place and
thatís what my showís all about.
Itís enough of hearing about Britney Spearsí coup and Lindsay Lohanís drunken tirades.
Itís time to slap people upside the head with a large fish and get them to realize
thereís more important things in this world.
So youíre the angry geek?
Iím the angry, pissed off, motherfucking, hetero white middle-aged man.
Well, Iím not so much middle-aged, but for your listeners, I would be considered middle-aged.
Itís sort of what Travis Donovan Live is all about now.
The tagline is putting reality back in its place.
What are you looking forward to most in the geek world in 2007?
Not necessarily games, but anything.
Anything geek?
Well, Iím interested to see how well Vista plays out when Windows Vista releases, how
well of an operating system thatís going to be.
Is it just going to be fancy new graphics and user interface, or is it actually going
to be something substantial, because nowadays itís so easy to steal information and corrupt
data via the internet.
Iím just wondering how much more secure Vista is going to be.
Itís already been hacked, from what I understand, so thatís not a good sign.
The rest of technology, thatís up in the air right now.
Things are moving at such a pace.
Itís always fun to see what the Japanese bring out.
They bring out robots to help the invalid, so Iím hoping soon theyíll bring out a robot
thatíll help wipe my butt, because again, Iím a lazy American and I donít like to
do that.
On that note, I think we should probably say goodbye.
Thanks so much for being on the program tonight.
Oh, good.
Letís end the call on the brown note.
Thatís great.
Or as weíve called it on the show previously, the brown eye of judgment.
We should have to go back to the archives for that one.
TravisDonovanLive.com for more information on the program.
Saturday nights here on Orange Launch Radio, and podcasts on your own site too, yes?
Oh my God, you remembered the URL.
I did.
Pay attention.
I podcast via my site.
Iím also on iTunes.
Search him out, Travis Donovan.
Thanks so much for being here, and best of luck to you in í07.
No problem.
Hopefully itíll be great.
For those that donít know, if you go way, way back in the broadcast history of myself
in Dark Sakura, we actually started on a show with Travis.
He did a long time ago called Understation Alive, and heís still pretty funny after
all these many, many, many years.
I was the fill-in person slash most frequent guest.
Yes, and I was the gay guy that was on the show, I guess.
I donít know what the hell my role was there, but we didnít get to talk a lot of games
back then.
I remember one of the biggest interviews we ever had is we interviewed the guy who ran
the bunny ranch on our program.
I remember making the calls to pay phones in Disneyland.
So that was a weird show.
That was kind of a shock job kind of show.
How did the pay phone calls go?
Someone answered one.
We did get one.
From what I remember, we had somebody answer it once, and we actually had a conversation
with them, but then we called back and the call mysteriously dropped, and we were theorizing
that the Disneyland police had tapped our conversation and dropped the calls, because
you know Disneylandís got some scary security.
The whole point of it, though, is that they are presentingóthis is why all the stuff
that happens around the park is called behind the scenes for a reason.
Everythingóthe employees are cast members.
Everything there is sent to present something, and a phone callóthey donít want to get
in the way of that.
All right.
Well, speaking of craziness, our next guests are crazy, but in a good way.
Yes, Dark Sakura?
Yeah.
We have Franz here and Ron Workman from Destructoid.com.
All right.
We are joined here now on our Orange Ons Radio year-end special with one, two, three people
joining us from the website Destructoid.com.
Say hello, everybody, to Franz.
Franz, you there?
This is Franz from Destructoid.
Hey, how you doing, Franz?
Man of many words.
Yeah.
And the voice you hear there is Ron.
Hey.
How you doing?
Hey.
Graybush Workman.
How you doing?
Graybush in the house.
Thanks for having us.
Not a problem.
And also joining us, say hello to Shir.
Whatís up, guys?
Yeah.
I donít have anything to say.
Iím boring.
Thatís all right.
We often donít either, but we somehow fill three hours every week.
Iím so fucking laid back.
So you guys all blog for the Destructoid.com website, but do you guys participate in their
podcast as well, Podtoid?
Occasionally.
Yeah, sometimes.
Usually, Ron.
Yeah, Iím usually turning into the comic relief for the show.
They beg, but I have things to do to leave me alone.
How many bloggers do they have over at Destructoid?
Because when Iím looking at the list of people, it looks like Iím looking at a picture of
The Last Supper or something.
There are so many people.
I think what are we looking at?
Probably mid to high 30s, I mean in January weíre maybe looking at over 40, hopefully.
Wow.
Yeah.
A couple more people.
Weíve got well over a dozen people that post daily and consistently and stuff like that,
and thatís kind of our thing, what weíre shooting for, is to update information.
Gregory made a joke last night, hey, weíre the only website that posts at 3.30 in the
morning every day.
Yeah.
Weíve got people that are up all night messing around with stuff.
So you guys really are an army of robots when you say that.
It seems that way.
Weíre turning into the Detroit Army, I guess.
All right.
So weíre going to pick the Armyís brain here a little bit on some of the gaming topics
in a little game we call Year in Review 2006.
So we have nine boxes left, because people have been plucking all the other boxes.
And Franz, weíll start with you.
Which box do you want to open up?
Box one through nine, any one of them.
If thereís a PS3 in it, Iím returning it, though.
Weíll see.
Iíll go with nine.
Box nine, letís take a look.
We want to know, Franz, what did you think was the most creative game in 2006?
Damn.
Most creative game in 2006.
Come on.
Viva Pinata.
Viva Pinata.
Actually, no.
Ronís actually got a point.
Itís one of the two games heís played.
Viva Pinata.
When you get a game where you re-rate the engine to make it look more kitty, and itís
mating animals that dance around for the whole game, thatís pretty damn creative.
You said there was two going around in your mind?
What was the other one, out of curiosity?
No, that was just the only game around in Wartmanís Blotting this year.
Oh, I see.
Is Viva Pinata really for kids, though?
Because I know when I played it, I was like, if I was seven, my controller would be through
the window right now.
Itís going to be tough for kids to understand it.
Itís like Pokemon in the sense that anybody can enjoy it.
Like, I played Pokemon, and that was a great game.
I donít know.
Thereís some stuff in Viva Pinata that my gray bush ass couldnít figure out how to
do, thatís for sure.
I know.
I was getting frustrated with Viva Pinata.
I was looking stuff up on the internet, and people were feeling bad for me, like, ìHere,
Iíll send you Pinata Vignata.î And Iím like, ìNo, I want these damn mice to have
sex.î And weíre all of a sudden fucking Mensa.
My Vignattas kept beating each other.
It was like Lord of the Wise.
Yes.
Horrible.
So Viva Vignata, most creative game.
Franz, the newest topic we want to know your opinion on, and I donít know if you have
any friends over in the UK, but it seems like one of the recurring themes in 2006 is that
our buddies in the UK keep getting the shaft.
I think thatís when the story of their lives, thatís definitely true.
Why does Britain keep getting fucked over when it comes to release dates or system launches,
prices of games?
Why do they keep getting picked on?
I think itís a shame.
If Microsoft would jump on that and divvy up their sales a lot more, I think that would
give them a lot more price.
Now, didnít the Wii just come out two days ago or something?
They could barely do pre-sales over there.
No, like two days.
They came out like two weeks ago.
Oh, okay.
And theyíre waiting until March, I guess, to do the PlayStation over there?
Yeah, then I mean you get a taste of it.
Jesus.
Well, hell, half the United States didnít get a taste of it in there.
Although itís important to note too that they banned games thatís kind of unnecessary
too.
Like even Rule of Rose and stuff, so maybe theyíre hesitant to help them out any time
soon.
Did you guys play Rule of Rose?
It wasnít that bad.
I didnít think it was that bad.
I heard it was terrible.
The game itself is kind of something I feel like I played before, but I mean the game
was okay.
I certainly played worse games this year, but I didnít think the story was that bad.
It just involved sexual themes that kind of had kids.
What was that out on?
PS2.
PS2.
Yeah.
It was easy.
I just think the problem with Rule of Rose, it was a full-price title, wasnít it?
It was like a $49.99 they wanted for it?
Yeah.
Yeah, so that was the biggest problem is because PS2, you know.
Well, thatís just Atlus because theyíre retarded and still think they can get $49.99
for a PlayStation 2 game at the end of its life cycle, so.
Well, you know, I guess if Square can get $59 for a collectorís edition of Final Fantasy
XII, which has nothing special, by the way, nothing special.
Oh, Final Fantasy XII, I love this in Final Fantasy.
It is a sexy game.
Iíll give you that.
All right.
And itís actually GameStop that thinks they can get $59.99 for the special edition of
Final Fantasy XII.
Well, they got it from me, but thatís because Iím a corporate whore.
Shira, itís your turn.
Why donít you pick a box?
Now we have one through eight left.
Hmm, Iíll pick number three.
Box number three.
Letís open it up.
Box number three.
Oh, this is a good one.
What do you believe was the most disappointing game of 2006?
Hmm, Iím going to get a lot of flak for this.
Legend of Zelda Twilight Princess.
Oh, snap.
Ouch.
Why, uh, why Zelda Twilight Princess?
I donít know, because Zeldaís the type of game where everyoneís like, this game is
better than unicorns fucking pixies.
But itís not.
Itís not so great.
And that would be great.
I donít know about you guys.
Thatís funny.
Thatís exactly how I described it on the last episode of Orange Lounge.
Itís amazing.
I was likeÖ
Yeah, but everyoneís like, this is going to be the greatest game ever.
And then I played it and I was like, yeah, this isnít the greatest game ever.
I donít know.
My only little comment for that is it came out two years late.
Yeah.
Itís part of the thing that makes it a disappointment.
Sure.
Is that the problem for you, is that this is essentially a GameCube game with Wii controls?
Well, no.
Thatís not the problem.
Itís just that I donít really like Zelda then.
Like, I like games in that genre, I like Ocarina of Time is okay, I like Majoraís Mask, like
Wind Waker.
But this one is just, like, boring, thereís no real character depth, and I was just like,
yeah, fuck this.
All right.
Iím going to chime in on what they think the most disappointing game of 2006 was.
Rare didnít come out with anything, did they?
No, perfect.
Thatís a lie.
Didnít they just release Viva Pinata?
Viva Pinata?
Oh, yes.
It is.
Thatís a rare game.
I donít know whatÖ
Oh, no, Novadrome.
Novadrome for Xbox Live Arcade.
Why Novadrome?
Oh, it was garbage.
It killed me.
Have you played it?
Yeah, I have.
I have.
I have.
I have.
I have.
It was just, you look at it, itís like $10 for this thing.
It was like a really bad, like, I only played a few minutes, it was that bad that I was
just laughing, but $10 for a game thatís a real bad twisted metal.
Oh, Red Steel 2, Novadrome.
Red Steel was atrocious.
Can you believe they green-lighted a sequel to Red Steel?
Yeah, because I think a lot of people were really looking forward to it and really, like,
looking for all the new concepts and theyíre like, yeah, letís do this.
Iím looking for all the new concepts and theyíre like, man, this is going to be the
greatest game ever.
And Ubisoft, when they released it, everyone was like, well, this isnít that good.
There are a lot of things you could do better.
So Ubisoft is going to take that into account, make a better game with the, you know, the
similar core gameplay, and itís just going to be fucking awesome.
I realize thatís what I hope happens.
All right.
Weíll see.
Shir, the news topic I want to know your opinion on has to do with the price ranges for video
game systems in 2006.
We heard at one point that, you know, even though I think most of us knew this was BS,
but the revolution was going to be $99.
This is when it was still called the revolution, not the Wii.
And then, you know, suddenly it was, okay, 250, more reasonable, probably what we expected.
But then all the way up to $600 for the PlayStation 3 or $500 for the low end, depending on how
you look at it.
So weíve had systems cost anywhere at one point or another in theory or whatever it
would be, $99 to $600.
How important do you think price is of these systems in the console wars that are going
on here in 2006 and on into í07?
Iím glad I got this topic because Iím broke as hell, so this is just the perfect topic
for me.
And itís a big factor for me when Iím buying systems.
For example, I donít have a 360 because Iím broke.
Itís like 400 bucks and you canít play without live, really, and then it requires a yearly
fee that I really donít have because Iím broke.
No.
400 bucks live comes with it.
Shut the hell up, Ron.
You always miss that.
You always see these press releases and theyíre like, and then youíve got to buy live.
So it comes with it for 400 bucks.
Dude, the gold package or whatever.
Well, who gives a shit?
If you want to play games online, you can play with silver.
Thereís no difference aside from multiplayer.
You canít have four people on your Xbox plan.
Goldís a better color.
It is.
We have to be 24.
And yeah, so anyway, Wiiís $250.
I thought it was going to be cheaper instead of everyone else, but I really didnít care
because I could scrape up $250.
I canít scrape up $400 because I suck, and the PS3 is just way out there, and even if
you want to go on eBay, itís like a grand.
And so yeah, itís a bit ñ
Dude, for such dollars, go buy a cheap remote, spray paint it white, and spray paint your
GameCube white.
Youíve got to Wii.
No, you donít.
Neither one of them can play BBB.
I canít argue with you, Ron, because youíre just the biggest dick in the world.
They both have subpar graphics.
But you canít play Elibits on the GameCube.
That makes a point.
Theyíre not going to drop that.
Theyíre not going to push it out on the ñ
I guess there wouldnít be any way to do it with the controls.
Damn right.
You just lost.
All right.
Well, we got to keep it moving here.
Thanks.
Thanks for your input.
Letís move on over to Graybush.
Oh, great.
Please be a question about how to get rid of crabs.
Please be how to get rid of crabs.
One through seven.
Take your pick.
I will take number four.
Number four.
Letís open up case number four.
Most downloadable content for a game.
Oh, content?
Oh, God.
Youíre going to brag on me on this one.
I hate to say this, but the damn UNO player packs.
Really?
Are you a big cameo card fan?
The thing I had the most fun with this year is all ñ
Iím coming out of the closet, Ron.
I know, man.
Iím Ricky Martin all over again with this.
Iím just ñ I canít ñ best downloadable add-on to a game.
Well, Call of Duty map packs, obviously, were cool for me.
Well, I thought you said UNO.
I thought we were going with UNO here.
Well, Iím just trying to think.
Iím arguing back and forth here.
Iíd say Call of Duty map packs I probably had the most fun with, but the UNO stuff got
me to play UNO for some odd reason.
Iíd be on Xbox Live and have all this money in this machine, and weíd be sitting there
on our video cameras chatting with each other on UNO, and it was just like, what kind of
revolution is this?
I would have to be a tie between the stupid add-on packs that actually got me to play
UNO and stay up all night with people bullshitting on there, and the Call of Duty 2 maps.
Does it have anything to do with the webcams on UNO?
Thatís one news story that didnít quite make our cut for being included tonight.
When they first came out, it was really funny because there would be three or four of us
in a room and weíd be like, ìOh, look, thereís somebodyís ass and somebodyís boobs.î
I guess the novelty wore off real quick, but it was a really funny thing.
But it was cool because I could sit on my back porch and smoke cigarettes and play UNO
because the controller vibrates when itís your turn, and UNO is so hard you just hit
the A button.
You donít even have to look at the screen.
I mean, seriously, there would be media nights Iíd be sitting outside smoking a cigarette.
I couldnít even see, but Iíd be chatting on my headset.
When the controller vibrated, I hit the button and it would throw a card out there because
it doesnít matter, itís UNO.
Playing UNO on live is weird for me now because I feel like Iím always playing against lonely
girl 15 with the webcam.
But itís one of those things where I never expected to have fun ever, ever playing UNO.
I never even expected to play UNO.
When we get in there, itís just a bunch of us friends and we bullshit and we have a good
time.
Itís not as much about UNO gameplay, but I remember when we added the new decks to
it and changed the game and we started playing with strategy.
It was like, ìWeíre actually playing fucking UNO.î It was one of those types of things
where somebodyís done something right if weíre actually playing UNO.
Now, are you guys big on the shit-talking on UNO, like drop form, motherfucker, and
things like that?
Yeah, but itís always joking.
Reverse bitch.
Speaking of fun games, the news story we wanted to ask you about would be Guitar Hero because
we obviously had Guitar Hero 2 come out this year, which is the sequel to a monster hit
last year, and then they announced, and this is still a bit of a rumor status, but that
thereís going to be a quartet of new Guitar Hero games coming out through the next year.
You know, the one on the 360 and so on and so on.
Is too much Guitar Hero too much of a good thing?
Iíve never played it because itís a video game that involves me dancing around with
a plastic toy guitar.
And yet you play UNO and you wonítÖ
There is nothing thatís ever going to be cool about a grown man dancing around with
a plastic toy guitar.
I know.
I get you.
You play fucking UNO.
Sitting on the back porch playing UNO smoking cigarettes is fucking rad, huh?
Yeah, I know.
Iím not beat to answer around with a plastic guitar.
It looks to me like a rock star.
Guitar Hero is like the lamer version of DDR for me.
I know people love it and get into it, but itís just like you play it with a plastic
toy.
It would be like me playing Call of Duty with a squirt gun, hiding behind couches and everything.
Ron Workman is a communist.
Ron, out of curiosity, Ron, have you ever heard of a Japanese game calledÖ
No.
Alright, just donít.
Donít ever look it up because youíll hate it.
Is it a rhythm game?
Yeah, itís based on this old Japanese style of dancing that was done by girls wearing
these big tall boots and they wave their hands around like to Eurobeat music.
Itís something to behold.
Iíll give you that.
Mine is one of those things, like, I would never let someone see me in public playing
DDR unless I was completely just wasted drunk off my ass because when I see people playing
DDR, Iím just like, ìYou look ridiculous!î Iím one of those guys thatís just like,
ìLook at that guy playing DDR!
He looks like an idiot!î Iíve always been like that and Guitar Heroís kind of the same
thing.
I hate toÖ Iím not condemning it, but I canít see myself playing it with a plastic
toy dancing around.
But in the privacy of your own home when no oneís looking?
Maybe I would.
Itís kind of like the ìween awayî where if you play it at home, people are going to
see it and people like Ron wonít want to play it, but the others will be interested
and theyíll pick it up.
I donít see the 360 sales doing well with it, but six months from now I donít see it
doing well.
And when they come out with a wireless guitar?
I love guitar.
Yeah.
And that actually looks pretty tough, so maybe Iím going to get one when I do that.
All right.
All right.
Weíre going to go around now and Iím going to ask everybody what they believe the best
game of 2006 was and the worst game we hear at Orange Launch Radio.
Weíre tallying it up, so weíll start with the best game.
Franz, what do you think the best game was of 2006?
Cliche, but Twilight Princess.
Why Twilight Princess over everything else?
Waiting for Shearís answer now.
Because Iíll admit that itís not quite as good as I hoped.
I think the wolf part downplays it a little bit, but if you forget about it, itís a Zelda
game and if you just pretend it was a completely new game and you compare it to any other game
from 2006, the game plays solid.
Thereís not a lot to complain about.
Itís a high nine, so I think it wonít have a top, but not even Gears.
Itís a game thatís topping a lot of peopleís list.
Shear, what did you think the best game of 2006 was?
Final Fantasy XII, hands down.
Final Fantasy XII.
That game just ripped me apart.
I got it.
I played it for like 20 hours in the first three days.
I just played it nonstop.
I love that game.
Itís so good.
Have you always been a Final Fantasy series whore or was XII kind of your enabler?
I played Final Fantasy VII, loved it.
Played Final Fantasy VIII, fuck you guys, loved it.
Played Final Fantasy IX, hated FFX and hated everything else after FFX, so FFXII was kind
of the last.
Which would be FFXI.
Yeah, FFXI and then the spinoff games.
Oh, yeah.
True.
Theyíre just a bit of some crap.
No, I deleted those from my brain.
FFXII doesnít exist to me.
Yeah, so I really liked FFXII, Rebirth of the Series, really interesting characters,
amazing graphics and I just loved it so much.
Itís so good.
All right, dare I ask, Ron Workman, best game of 2006.
Youíre going to make fun of me, but Burger King, Sneak King.
Iím totally fucking around.
Come on, what was the best value of 2006, at least notó
Yeah, the Burger King games were three bucks, four bucks, whatever.
Yeah, gee, I could pay $4.99 or I could pay $5 for a new Rally-X. Let me think.
Hey, youíre really going to lay it to me.
I actually bought that shit, didnít I, when I was drunk.
I bought Rally-X.
So did I.
Letís not tell anyone.
I remember it when I was a kid, you know, playing with a big steering wheel and stuff.
Gears of War, I mean, I really liked Reba Pinana and Call of Duty 3, I think, was underrated,
but I have to say, I mean, Gears of War, hands down, itís a no-brainer for me, you know,
and Iím not into the fantasy games like Zelda or Final Fantasy, nothing against them, but
I justó
Youíre a gun fan.
Yeah, itís an amazing game to me, you know.
I like, you know, Cliffy B, they did some really innovative stuff, in my opinion, and
thereís things that were like, you play those first person shooters and stuff, and youíre
always looking for the next gimmick, but this wasnít the same thing, itís, I donít know,
it was immersive, like you got into it, and it was a different thing.
And Call of Duty 3 is the same way for me, itís really immersive for me.
I like how they changed it, like a lot of people donít like it because they were used
to the Unreal Tournament 100 mile an hour multiplayer with Call of Duty 2, where it
wasnít like a war game at all.
And lately Iíve been reallyóI didnít get 3 until a few weeks ago, but Iíve been really
impressed and, you know, me and Suma even discussed it, weíre like, we donít understand
why people donít like it.
Itís a really underrated game, but, you know, Gears of War, hands down, itís better than
it, so.
But probably Call of Duty 3 definitely on your top 10 for the year, at least.
Yeah, it was a real, like, late bloomer for me that I just wasnít expecting to be that
good because I heard so much bad feedback, you know, and I liked Call of Duty 2 because
Iím a big multiplayer fan, so.
My worst game of the year?
Novadrome.
Yeah, sure, why not?
Well, letís go into worst game of the year.
Ron, start us off.
Novadrome.
Novadrome.
He smacked it in the face for making that game.
They owe me 20 bucks for playing the demo, thatís how I view it, and Iím still pissed.
What was soóI mean, because, I donít know if itís just me, but they really hyped up
these end-of-year Xbox Live independent title releases that they were going to do, and I
wasnít really impressed with any of them, even Assault Heroes.
I wasnít really feelingóI was kind of like, Iíd almost rather play Rally-X.
Ten bucks, you know?
Yeah, Rally-X, the deciding thing was like, I was like, ìAh, Iíll play this one as a
kid, whatever, you know, five bucks, no big deal, but $10 on some of those games is a
little tough for me to swallow, and itís not that Iím tight with money about it, you
know?
But if I could play the demo, like, the Assault Heroes demo was pretty long, and thatís fine,
you know?
Like, Iíve bought Pac-Man and Frogger and Galaga and all those, but, contra.
Out of curiosity, how do you feel about the Wii downloadable stuff?
Would you pay $10 for an N64 game?
The last time I played a Wii was six months ago at a private show, and Iíve not played
one since, and Iím not even seeing the virtual console stuffóor, yeah, is that what itís
called?
Virtual console?
Yeah.
Yeah, not even seeing it.
But I do know about the pricing, and it disappoints me that Nintendo is doing that.
You know, I guess they can, because their fans are, you know, I really hate to get into
this, but Nintendo fanboys are pussies.
You guys should stand up and fight.
You should fight Nintendo to make better shit.
Nintendoís never going to make better shit, and theyíre going to come out with subpar
consoles and charge too much.
All right, Nintendo fans, you can address those cards and letters to Graybush, Care
of Destruction.
Non-Graybush workmen, yeah, exactly, but no, itís one of those things where, like, Xbox
Live is genius, and the reason itís genius is because people are absolute assholes to
Microsoft and theyíre not scared to be.
If theyíre pissed, they will flame them to hell and back, or write it on their blogs
or whatever.
Do you think no one wants to stand up to Reggie because heíd kick your ass?
Nintendo is this golden cow that nobody wants to, you know, theyíre on a pedestal, and
come on, Nintendo canít do anything wrong, blah, blah, blah, thereís some shit games
out there on the Wii.
Nobody bitches about them like they would if it was a bad Xbox game, you know, like
Xbox Live.
I donít know, Loki kind of went off on Cars the other week.
And all the Ubisoft games suck ass.
I have officially boycotted them for all their Wii launch titles.
What about Rayman?
Rayman was just average, and that was their best game of the entire lineup.
The show Rayman was my favorite.
I really wish that people would say, ìHey, Nintendo, we donít want a system that only
has the graphic power of an Xbox, an original Xbox.
We want to be able to play DVDs.
We want to have online multiplayer out of the box and launch games to back it up.
We donít want to pay $10 for a Mario Brother game weíve bought 20 times before, you know?
Itís dicking their fans over, if you add all that stuff into what you spend to have
games and play the Wii and to track down 4 controllers for the damn thing, itís not
any cheaper than buying a 360.î
Alright, weíve got to keep it moving.
Thatís alright, sorry.
No, thatís ok.
Let me get over my fanboy.
You just sound like you could go all day long on this Nintendo thing.
Iíll leave him to read the Destructoid.com blog to see your further love and adoration
for all things Nintendo.
Iíd like for your rights as a gamer.
Shear, what would you say is the worst game of 2006?
Red Steel.
Because you asked me what the biggest disappointment of 2006 was, and I said Father Princess, but
Red Steel was the kind of game that I never really had expectations for.
I saw it, I was like, ìThat could be cool, but itís probably not going to be.î And
I played it and it wasnít, it was just so bad.
And even the multiplayer, walking around, dinosaurs shooting me in the face, Iím like,
ìWhat the hell is this?î The controls were terrible, the guns were terrible.
I just hated it with a passion.
I remember the buzz about that a long time ago before it came out, it was like, ìThis
is going to be really cool, you can swing your sword around and blah, blah, blah.î
Oh man, the multiplayer.
It was like, ìThis is garbage.î You all worry about that whole, theyíre going to
call you and you put the Wiimote to your ear and everybodyís like, ìThatís such a cool
idea.î Yeah, exactly.
Itís so retarded.
And at the time, they were saying you were going to be able to use a microphone that
was in the Wiimote, because I played it a long time ago, which never came about.
But my friend got it and I was like, ìDude, letís go play it.î And weíre playing it.
And the multiplayer, as soon as you figure out how to use your stupid sword, like you
brought it up to people and you just like, theyíre dazed and you just shoot them in
the face like 45 times and itís so annoying because you canít kill anybody unless youíre
using your stupid sword.
And the multiplayer is cheap and the stupid ring thing is retarded.
Was the game just rushed, you think?
No, I just think it was atrocious.
I think they donít know what theyíre doing.
They said they were working on it for months, fixing it, so I think it just didnít pull
it off.
I think they were just like, ìYeah, fuck this game, this is terrible.î I donít know
what they did.
You know, you would think that they might be able to sell copies of Red Steel 2 if they
just said, ìOh, Red Steel 1 was rushed, sorry, weíll make it better next time.î But you
know, it kind ofÖ
But it wasnít.
It wasnít.
It was just bad.
All right.
Franz, what would you think was the worst game of 2006?
This oneís pretty easy.
Armado, itís a game on the PSP and all it is is youíre an armadillo rolling around
the game and all you do is hit one button to jump at the right time.
Thatís the entire 40-dollar game.
I shit you not.
And itís not even a homebrew.
Itís an actual game.
It was like a small companyís first game, so I hate to knock it because, you knowÖ
Youíre making shit up to get out of this easy.
Nobody knows what youíre talking about.
Nobody knows what youíre talking about.
One of us down there at big names, Franz, is like, ìArmado.
I hate it.î
It caught my eye in game shows and I laughed my ass off at it.
You know, funny enough, thatís not, out of all the ones weíve heard, thatís not the
first game.
Somebody mentioned itís the worst game that none of us had heard of, so there you go.
Itíll be interesting to hear the rest.
So is this why the PSP keeps getting flack for not having the same game power as the
PSP?
PSPís terrible.
That shit is only disappointed about six.
I just donít think they have enough good games.
They have good games.
They just donít have enough.
I hate the PSP.
I had it written for me.
I hate it.
I want to throw it at them.
It cost me so much money, though.
But Luminous, Metal Gear.
Yeah, 360.
Yeah.
Keep going.
All right.
All right.
Anyway, weíve got to wrap it up here.
What do you guys have planned for 2007 over at Destructoid, if you can say?
Lots of giveaways, thatís for sure.
Yeah.
Super secrets.
Lots of bitches.
All right.
Lots of bitching.
Lots of prizes.
We want to give away a Wii a week.
Yeah.
Weíre working on it.
Weíre shooting for it right now.
Wow.
And weíve got a big contest going with the Lord of the Rings people, I think, at Microsoft.
And weíve got a big, big, big World of Warcraft thing coming at the end of the month.
Awesome.
So be sure to check it out.
Check it out, you guys.
Destructoid.com for more information on all these giveaways.
It sounds like you could just log into the site and win something free.
Also Podtoid.com for their podcast.
Do you guys have any side projects you want to pimp out while youíre here?
Not really.
Not me.
I donít know.
Ron, do you want to print out your 45,000 of them?
I canít talk about them.
Oh.
Yeah, weíre very good with free peoples.
All right.
Welcome.
Thanks for having us, man.
No problem.
Yeah, absolutely.
Dude, awesome.
Thanks.
Thanks so much for coming on, you guys.
And best of luck to you guys at Destructoid, all 45 or how many of you there are over there
in 2007.
Well, 3,000 of us.
Big thanks to those guys over there at Destructoid.com for coming on the program and especially
to Franz because originally him and I were on another show called Cross Platform together
earlier this year which is why I remembered him and originally it was just going to be
him that came on, but he was like, ìDude, you want to get some more people on?î So
he got some of his co-bloggers over there at Destructoid.com to come on as well and
that was a fun little interview.
I definitely need to check out more of their own podcast over there because Iím sure itís
a riot, so check that out over at Destructoid.com, one of my favorite gaming blogs, by the way,
and I mean that.
Thatís the best side address ever.
I like their little robot icon that they work into everything, so pretty cool.
All right.
Whoís coming on next, DarkSakura?
I have Godfrey from Gamertag Radio.
All right, Iím joined here now by Godfrey from Gamertag Radio.
Godfrey, you there?
Yeah, Iím here.
Whatís going on, man?
Hey, not a lot.
How you doing?
Everything good, man.
Big fan of the show, man.
Big fan.
Thank you.
Appreciate it.
Weíre big fans of you guys as well.
You guys have come a long way.
Youíre what, going to be two years podcasting pretty soon?
Yeah, itís going to be two years now in February.
Iíve been also recording before that around 2000, 2001, like a Phantasy Star Online radio
show.
At that time, on the Dreamcast, it was like a big comedian.
But I also used to help out these guys, gamingnoise.com, Chip and Zach, and I know all games, too.
They used to do a radio show, too, at that time, 2001.
Yeah, they were around.
Just out of curiosity, Phantasy Star Universe was out this year.
Did you kind of get on board with that?
Yeah, I was playing a lot for a good month.
But then, I donít know, I wasnít feeling it like how it used to be with the Dreamcast.
It seemed more strict.
Last time on the Dreamcast, it was more open.
I donít know, it felt kind of different.
I donít know if it was because of the next-gen consoles or, you know, I donít know.
I just wasnít too thrilled with online gaming on that.
Thatís all right.
Now, I want to ask you about this, too.
You guys have had a lot of Microsoft celebrities on your program this year, havenít you?
Yes, a lot.
Recently, we had an Xbox community, and we had a lot of people from the Xbox community,
a lot of podcasters in there.
And also, people from Microsoft came to the show to help us out and just thank the community
that theyíve been helping out throughout the years.
Major Nelson was there, Trixie, Peter Moore was also part of it, Aaron Greenberg.
And itís been a great year for us, man.
Weíve been busting our butts big time this year, and I want to thank everybody from Microsoft
for helping us out.
Yeah, it sounds like itís really paid off for you guys, so congratulations.
Those are some big names to have on your show.
Yeah, man.
Yeah, I mean, we could do it, anybody could do it, you know, everybodyís just got to
be dedicated, man.
Absolutely.
I want to ask you this as well, because your show is mostly centered around Xbox, but do
you play Nintendo Wii, PlayStation, do you play the other consoles too?
Yeah, as a matter of fact, I was camping out, man, trying to get the Nintendo Wii during
launch day.
I was in line for like at least 12 hours, man.
Wow.
Iíve been playing that here and there.
Iíve only been playing Zelda for the Wii, and I downloaded a couple of virtual console
games too.
Thatís why Iíve been spending most of my timeÖ
Iím just waiting to see if I can have more games in 2007, waiting for WarioWare, I played
that too, and the Nintendo party, they were here in Miami a couple months ago before launch.
Awesome.
I like that game a lot.
Yeah, I got to play WarioWare at E3, it was one of the few games that didnít have a mile
long line.
It was pretty fun.
Yeah, itís different, man.
Itís cool to get a group of people to play together in there, you know?
Itís different than the other games in the PlayStation 3 and the Xbox.
I think that gameís going to show us just why the Wii is a party console just as much
as the GameCube.
Yup, I think so too, man.
Well, Godfrey, we got to get to the game weíre playing here, which is the Year 06 in review,
and weíve started off with 15 boxes, but now we only have six left, so please, pick
a number one through six.
All right, so tell them whatís going on for this year, man.
Well, you got to tell me whatís going on in 2006, you got to pick one of these boxes
one through six.
Let me pick number, let me pick number one, that sounds pretty cool.
Number one, letís open it up.
All right, we want to know your opinion, what did you think was the best handheld game in
2006?
Ooh, handheld.
Ooh, thatís a good one, man.
Iíve been playing a lot of BS.
I have to say, in my opinion, Animal Crossing was really cool, Iíve been playing that a
lot.
Let me see, what else have I been playing, Luminous, also from the PSP, I know that came
out, what was it last year that came out, though, right?
But you did have Luminous 2 this year.
No, Iíve been playing it, but Iíve been playing a lot of Luminous from the Xbox 360.
So out of all those games youíve played, which one would you say was the best?
Which version, from the Luminous or from the PSP or the Xbox?
For any handheld system, which game would you say was the best?
Animal Crossing, man.
I had a lot of fun with Animal Crossing this year, Iíve been playing that a lot, a lot.
I mean, yeah, thatís the only game Iíve been playing a lot on the handheld this year.
Itís pretty addicting, I mean, you can go online with it and go visit other peopleís
towns, and it seems like it doesnít really end, ever, that game.
Exactly, and not only that, itís based on real time, too, so itís like I wake up and
Iíll be like, ìAll right, itís daytime over here,î and I could go online and I might
go to somebody else that the time is ahead in their town, letís say for somebody from
maybe Europe or Japan, and their town is based on their time, so itís like, ìOh, man, itís
nighttime over here, let me check it out,î and itís cool, because I know Animal Crossing
has a great community, too.
I donít know if youíve been checking out a couple of websites called animalcrossingcommunity.com,
where people can exchange their friend codes and exchange items and help each other out
and stuff.
I donít know, I find that really cool, man.
Itís different from a lot of other games handheld, so, you know, thatís what it is.
I know that game was in the GameCube, but one thing that was missing was the online
park, which, when it came out on the DS, I know a lot of people enjoyed that a lot, too.
Now, Iím sure Animal Crossing on the Wii will be inevitable, so, you know, you will
give me your friend code at that point, let me come chop down your trees, right?
Oh, for sure, man, yeah, but get ready, because Iím going to go to your town and do the same.
All right, sounds good.
We want to get your opinion on a news story as well, of course, weíre going down the
highlights of 2006, and Iíve got to say, youíve got a good one here.
Actually, you have an audio Daily Double here for the news story, so letís go to the audio.
Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Kaz Harai.
Ridge Racer.
The essence of the PlayStation DNA is real change, and the consumers are ready.
Genji 2 is an Ashen game, which is based on Japanese history.
Ridge Racer.
Being based on history, the stages of the game will also be based on famous battles,
which actually took place in ancient Japan.
So hereís this giant enemy crab.
Ridge Racer.
And you attack its weak point for massive damage.
Itís Ridge Racer.
Ridge Racer.
E3 will retail for $599, $599, $599, $599, $599, $599, $599, $599, $599, itís Ridge
Racer.
Ridge Racer.
Yes, thatís right, itís Sonyís infamous press conference from E3, where they got taunted
incessantly afterwards.
Godfrey, were you at E3 this year, watching it online?
As a matter of fact, that day during the press conference, Iím also part of the Xbox MVPs
from Microsoft.
Itís a lot of community members that got invited to E3, and we were there, you know,
having a couple meetings, talking about the Xbox, and then all of us got together and
wanted to see the press conference of Sony, because thatís when they were announcing
the PlayStation 3 and Nintendo Wii during E3, so we were watching it, and I donít know,
it was very, very boring, like the presentation.
I think Nintendo did a really good job this year presenting the Wii and also Microsoft
with the Xbox 360, but I donít know, Sony was just like straight up boring, and I donít
know why it was the hype or the system, you know, like everybody was like, ìOh my God,
the graphics are going to be amazing,î and look, ever since E3, that happened, look now
like theyíve been getting a lot of bad press ever since, you know?
What do you think caused all that bad press?
Was it the price tag?
Was it the giant enemy crabs line, the Ridge Racer?
What caused all the bad press, do you think?
Oh man, I think everything combined, but I think the most was the price, man.
You know it is, a lot of people have been busting their butts, man, just to try to get
a game because now games are like $60, you know, $59.99, itís like people got to be
really picky on what theyíre going to purchase, and itís like people are lining up, getting
the PlayStation 3, and once they got it, it felt like it was rushed, you know?
I think Sony was under pressure big time because of Xbox, especially here in the United States.
I know in Japan, theyíre probably concentrating more on the competition with Nintendo, but
I donít know, it just, it feels rushed, and itís like the online part, itís not like
how it is with the 360.
I think people are having a better time connecting online with the places in portable than the
places in 3, and now with exclusives, itís like Assassinís Creed is coming out of 360,
like slowly, a lot of Sony fans are going to go and purchase the other consoles because
they donít have no choice.
They canít find a console in stores or, you know, thereís not many great games, so right
now only Resistance is an okay title for the Sony, so I donít know, man.
What do you think Sony can do to give themselves some good press in 2007, to really turn their
car around and get back on track?
I think itís the games, man, itís all about the software, man.
If they have the right games, and itís fun, I think that slowly is going to pick up more
people to get the places in 3, and also they should lower the price, man, $600 is a little
bit too much.
I think they were very gassed up that they sold a lot of units with the places in 2,
and they thought they were going to do the same thing with places in 3, no matter what
price it is, and look, now theyíre struggling, you know, itís like, I know theyíre going
to learn from that, man, so hopefully next year theyíre going to lower down the price,
man.
Theyíve got a lot riding, too, on Metal Gear Solid 4 and Final Fantasy 13, kind of the
only big, big, big exclusives I can think of that are left, soÖ
As a matter of fact, I think places in 2, this year, in the Christmas season, they had
a lot of great games, man, a lot like Bully, the new Final Fantasy, theyíve been getting
a lot of great games, man, I think thatís what they need, man, they need companies,
you know, to create great games for the system, you know, and especially first-party-wise,
they donít have no great games right now on the system, so Nintendo and Microsoft are
coming strong with the first-party titles, you know.
Well, speaking of great games, thatís a good segue into what we want to ask you next, Godfrey,
weíre tallying it up all night long, what do you believe was the best video game of
2006?
Well, to me, man, I think it was Gears of War, man.
Gears of War.
Gears of War.
Yeah, Gears of War.
I mean, I know itís not a perfect game, but I think, like, graphic-wise, the sound, everything
put together was, like, amazing in that game, man.
The only thing that was really lacking was the story, but itís okay, I think Iíve been
having a blast, like, playing a lot with my friends and with my brother, weíve been doing
co-op and all that.
I think thatís, to me, like, the best game for 2006, Gears of War, and I think the sleeper
hit also was Viva Pinata, in my opinion, man.
Really?
Yeah, I think so.
I think Microsoft did a horrible job promoting the game, I think they were promoting too
much on Gears of War, and the tension just went away when Viva came out, you know?
So I think that game is really fun.
Personally, I see this game more for older crowd, because itís a little bit too confusing
for kids.
Godfrey, I would have never have guessed that someone whoís been doing this radio program
about the Xbox and the hip-hop community combined was secretly an Animal Crossing and Viva Pinata
fan.
Yeah, man.
I donít know about that, you know?
It doesnít think at all.
Itís great.
You know, itís great.
You know what it is, man?
Itís innovation, man.
People, companies just gotta come out, like, different, man, like, thatís the same thing
with music.
When everybodyís doing the same thing, it gets boring, you know, and thatís why I love
Nintendo, what theyíre doing with the Wii control, and itís just different, itís like
having a different experience while playing the game.
Itís like, you feel like, when youíre playing Zelda on the Wii, you think youíre in the
game, you know?
Itís totally different, man, soÖ
All right.
Well, now, speaking of something totally different, what do you believe was the worst game of
2006, Godfrey?
Wow, worst game!
Man, I have two choices, either Superman from the Xbox 360 or this game too, Totonball.
They was actually free for the Xbox Live arcade with the, you could control with the Xbox
Live Vision camera.
Yeah.
It was a really bad game.
I was playing it, and I just got tired playing it, like, my arms was, like, falling asleep
trying toÖ
I donít know if you got the chance to play that game or not.
I, unfortunately, did, and was bored of it in about five minutes.
I mean, I unlocked one achievement, so after I unlocked that achievement, I was like, ìOh,
right.î
There was one achievement I got really easy by playing the pinball game.
Like, there was another game in it that was, like, a pinball game, and I played it for,
like, two minutes, and I got an achievement somehow.
Oh, okay.
I seen you download it, you get an achievement, I guess.
You actually played this piece of crap.
Five points.
Yeah, man.
I donít know.
I wouldnít waste my time on that, man.
Thereís a lot of great games on Xbox Live Arcade.
Donít even bother with that one.
Iím putting you down for Totonball, because you ran it a lot longer on that one than you
did Superman.
Yeah.
All right, all right.
Cool, cool.
Out of curiosity, do you think the Xbox camera, because, you know, Totonball is kind of, like,
the camera game for Xbox 360.
Does the Xbox 360 camera, can it serve a better purpose than this?
Yeah, I think so, man.
I mean, I know during the holidays, one of my good friends, he used to be a, heís a
podcaster, too, but now he works with Microsoft, Chris Paladino.
His family, he moved to Seattle ever since he got a job at Microsoft, and during Christmas,
they got together with his family in the East Coast and him in the West Coast, and they
used the Xbox Live Vision camera to talk, and during Christmas, they went opening presents
and all that, so it felt like they were, like, together, you know?
Thatís nice.
I think by that, or playing games like Uno online, I think itís a great purpose to play
that, man.
All right.
Well, Godfrey, thanks so much for being here on the show today.
What do you guys have planned over there at GamerTag Radio for 2007?
Yeah, right now, weíre hopefully, in 2007, weíre going to launch, weíre going to still
continue with the audio shows, podcasts, and also, weíre working on a video podcast, weíre
working on that, and one of my staff members, Pink Sage, is also working on a project, like
a GamerTag Radio magazine.
Right now, weíre keeping it on hold, but itís going to be really cool, man.
Itís going to be something different, and weíre still going to be concentrating on
the community, because thereís a lot of websites thatís not getting known, and weíre trying
to support them so they can get their name out there.
We can have a lot of interviews.
Are you guys planning to go to CES this year?
I donít think any of us are signed up for CES this year, but weíre kind of holding
out to see, hopefully, about the new E3, and probably that GamePro Expo, and some various
anime conventions weíll be going to this year.
Just donít know about CES, because thereís usually not a lot of game content.
Okay.
Yeah, well, weíre planning to go to CES, and also got invited to a community event
in Canada by EA, the NBA Street home court thatís coming out for the Xbox 360 also.
Well, weíll just wait for your video, and Iíll download it to my video iPod, and itíll
be like I was there.
All right, there you go.
All right.
I want to thank you, and everybody, support Orange Lodge, man.
Iím a big fan.
Thank you.
Thatís what we got to do.
We got to get together all the podcasters, and I continue to work.
We do a lot of talking about that, independent podcasts supporting each other, and thatís
what we wanted to do tonight with our New Yearís special is really bring everybody
together.
So really, we want to thank you for being on board and coming on with this, especially
you guys have had a lot of success, so weíre very happy you havenít forgotten your independent
roots.
Tell everybody real quick how they can check out your show, if they want to.
Yeah, they could go on gamertagradio.com, and we have all the shows in there, and also
on iTunes, they could check it out and subscribe to the show.
All right.
Go there right now, everyone, gamertagradio.com.
Godfrey, thanks so much.
Happy holidays, and good luck in 2007, all right?
Happy holidays, man.
All right.
Take care, man.
Thanks a lot.
Big thanks to Godfrey from Gamertag Radio for coming on, and heís been doing his show
a long time.
He did not realize that before he was podcasting, he actually did another type of recordable
show, so thatís pretty cool, and I love the fact that heís an Animal Crossing fan, Viva
Pinata fan.
Thatís cute.
You two should be the best of friends, Dark Soccer, because you never shut up about Animal
Crossing on this program.
I did when I got bored with it.
Just imagine when it comes out for the Wii.
I know.
Thatís what we were saying there at the end there is that I cannot wait to go to his village
on the Wii and chop down all his trees and send his villagers some nasty e-mails.
Thatíll be tons of fun, wonít it?
Anyway, we still have some boxes left to open here in studio, so weíre going to go around
and have some folks open the remaining boxes, Dark Soccer and Loki, but also we brought
in some other guests live, some folks from Orange Lounge Radio, past and present, so
say hello first to Rice Princess.
How you doing, maíam?
Pretty good.
How about you?
Good.
Now, you used to come on Orange Lounge Radio way back in the day.
You came on the Wednesday show with me, and we had a lot of fun there, but what have you
been up to in 2006?
We havenít heard a lot of you in 2006.
A good majority of it has been World of Warcraft.
World of Warcraft?
Yep.
Are you looking forward to Burning Crusade?
Hell yeah.
All right.
Yep.
All right.
You ready to open up a box?
Sure.
All right.
Thereís five boxes left on the table, Rice Princess, one through five.
Which one of those do you want to open?
Box number three, Rob.
All right.
Letís open it up.
All right.
The gaming category we want to know your opinion on, game I liked this year that no one else
seemed to.
The game you liked this year that no one else seemed to.
Oh, thatís a hard one.
I didnít do a lot of console gaming this year, and everything that I did play on consoles
was pretty well received, so I donít know if I have an answer for that.
Uh-oh.
Yeah.
What do you think?
Um, well, uh, Elibits.
There you go.
Well, Elibits did get some bad reviews from some gaming press out there, so I guess thatíll
work.
I have no idea.
That just kind of came out of my head.
That works.
Weíll take it.
Okay.
I have never even played it.
I just watched it last night for the first time.
Itís the one that came to most recent memory, so there you go.
This is why she hasnít been on the network in a year and a half, ladies and gentlemen.
Cry, cry, cry.
Just kidding.
We still love you.
Yay.
Well, what were some games that you liked that everyone liked then?
Kingdom Hearts 2 came out this past year, right?
That was one.
I actually did play that.
Final Fantasy XII was really good.
Twilight Princess was great.
I havenít actually played it, but Iíve seen it played, and it looks awesome.
Yeah, just the bigger ones that everyone knows about.
Hereís a news story we want to get your opinion on, and that would beóand oh, this is a good
one for youóare you a big fan of the Xbox?
No.
Then Iím sure youíre going to love this one.
What we want to know your opinion on is what do you think of the Halo 3 madness going on
out there?
Halo 3 was announced at E3 this year, and itís been building and building.
Thereís been all this crazy press coverage leading into a release next year of the game.
How important is Halo 3 to the Xbox 360 in 2007?
Iím pretty sure itís going to be one of the pillars.
Iím sure itís going to be one of the big sellers, but me personally, I donít care.
I donít give a shit.
Whatever.
Why donít you care about Halo 3?
Because I didnít care about the first two.
I didnít play them.
I donít care.
Are you just not a first-person shooter fan?
Not really, no.
All right.
Sorry to hear it.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, Rice Princess, what in your opinion was the best video game of 2006?
Something that came out in 2006?
Yeah.
So you canít do World of Warcraft.
Sorry.
Yeah.
Dang it.
Iím going to say Kingdom Hearts 2.
I really enjoyed it.
Itís a good game.
Kingdom Hearts is fun.
Yeah.
It is.
It really is.
All right.
Is it just because of the story, or is it the action?
Because some people say this gameís too easy.
You just hit X, X, X all the time.
Yeah.
The actionís pretty much the same as the first one, so itís not like they really did
a lot with that, but the story was really, really good.
All right.
Yeah.
Whatís the best game of 2006, Rice Princess?
Chirp, chirp.
I donít really know.
I canít make an informed decision on that.
Iím sure thereís a lot of bad games.
There wasnít anything you played that you were just like, ìWhat a crap.î
No, not really.
Really?
I donít play crap.
Okay?
Thatís why.
Then just say Sonic or Bomberman.
Sonic or Bomberman, or both.
All right.
Then weíre not putting anything down for you, and you suck.
You need to resolve to play more games in 2007.
Oh, my God.
Thatís a great resolution.
Iíll do that.
All right.
I promise.
All right.
Letís move over to Extafur is joining us as well from our program.
How you doing, Extafur?
Good, and you?
Good.
Now, youíve become more of a gamer in 2006 than you were in 2005, huh?
Yeah.
And why would you say that?
Because of your Wii.
Pretty much.
My Wii has that effect on people, apparently.
Yeah.
I play your Wii all the time nightly, really.
And donít help those rumors that are going around, Extafur.
Iíve watched him do it, too.
It was great.
And by your Wii, I mean penis.
Did I get that?
Did I not?
Like I said, please, those rumors are bad enough as it is.
Oh.
All right.
Well, so do you feel like maybe youíre pretty well informed to make some decisions on the
best and worst game of 2006?
I think so.
All right.
What would you say was the best game of 2006, Extafur?
Best game of 2006, Excite Truck.
Wow.
Really?
Why?
Because I unlocked everything in it.
I played it for hours and hours, and I must like it because I played it for hours and
hours.
So amongst Burnout, Test Drive Unlimited, you choose Excite Truck.
Yes.
Why is this game so damn appealing?
Because you know, a lot of hardcore gamers are passing on Excite Truck.
I know.
Because they say itís too junky.
They need to play it more, is what I say.
Because thereís a learning curve to it, but once you get past the learning curve, itís
so much fun.
And I donít understand, you know, itís not the graphics, itís not the, you know, trophies
or achievements or anything like that, itís the actual gameplay.
I really, really like the gameplay, and I like the challenges and everything.
And on top of that are all the achievements and all the other things that you get.
Alright, well everyone here at Orange Longs Radio is welcome to their opinion, even if
theyíre wrong.
Which you are in this case.
No, Iím just kidding.
No, Excite Truckís a lot of fun.
I think it was underrated.
I think, I really do think it was underrated.
Yeah.
I think when it came to racing games this year, I think I like Burnout a little more
because thereís more fire than there is in Excite Truck.
Yeah.
No, no Excite Truck was better.
Alright.
Well, what was the worst game of 2006 in your opinion?
Well, I actually have to jump on the bandwagon and say Sonic the Hedgehog, because I actually
played that.
Iíve only been really getting into video games heavily within the last two months,
I would say, like in the last year or whatever, you know.
So like, and that was one of the games I played, and that was so god-awful, I just could not
play it.
I just, it was just god-damn awful.
But you played the old Sonics, right?
Yeah.
And you loved those games.
My favorite, one of my favorite games ever is Sonic the Hedgehog 2.
So where did Sega fuck up?
They just, they went, see, and I liked Sonic Adventure when it came out for the Dreamcast.
I really liked that game, so I think they can do it right when they do 3D.
But I just, I think their execution and the control and everything was just, it was too
much this time.
And they could execute it right, because I did like that other game.
Alright, well thereís four boxes left on the table.
Tell me which box do you want to open.
Box number two.
Like, shit.
Thatís what number two is.
Alright, letís open up box number two for extrovert.
What did you think was the best retro revival of 2006, meaning the best game that made it
like a comeback in 2006?
I donít have an answer for that, because I donít.
You better come up with one.
I think that the best, Iím going to say Bomberman Act Zero.
Why Bomberman Act Zero?
Because it was so goddamn stylish, and they just raped all the gamers on that one.
I just have to, I have to give it to them.
Wasnít it Konami that made that game?
Yeah, I think so, Hudsonís Branch or whatever, yeah.
Good job, what I have to say.
Best revival ever.
Iím having, Iím getting an orgasm in my pants just thinking about it.
Well, speaking of which, we want to know your opinion on news stories.
The Nintendo console, because youíve been playing a lot of the Wii, and one big news
story this year was that originally that system was going to be called the Nintendo Revolution,
right?
But they changed their mind somewhere along the line, and they decided that the name of
the console was going to be the Nintendo Wii, and folks just, you know, they went nuts.
They said, like, you know, they made every Wii joke under the sun, and still do to this
day.
What was your reaction when you heard that Nintendoís new console was going to be called
the Wii?
I think it was a lot like everyone elseís, like, huh, like, what, I donít understand
how you can go from revolution to Wii, but then it really was a good business decision
on their part, I think, because people, itís different, you know, and youíll remember
Wii.
I mean, you will, itís just one fucking syllable, you know, itís like, I said fucking right
there, but anyhow, itís one fucking syllable, and thereís also, you know, thereís just,
everybody knows what it is, you know, it was easier to market, I think, when, if it was
the Nintendo Revolution, it would, I think, be going back, you know, going backwards,
because youíre used to having video game consoles with those kinds of names, you know.
And penis jokes, have you been making a lot of Wii jokes this year?
Actually, yes, I have, Iíve been Can you tell us one of your best Wii jokes?
No, no I canít, actually, I can say, though, that when I was waiting in line for the Wii,
you pretty much heard every, every Wii joke you could possibly hear, and that was kind
of amusing, because everybody was just making them all night.
I think a lot of them originated from our part of the line.
I wasnít there, I was sleeping.
Yeah.
I played with my Wii and then went to sleep.
We woke you up.
It did.
Anyway, letís thank you guys to Xtifer and Rice Princess, thank you guys for coming on,
we appreciate it.
Alright, thereís three boxes left on the table, and hey, three hosts for the show,
so Dark Sakura, one, two, or three?
Uh, well, um, two.
Two, you want two, alright, letís, oh, youíll let this one.
Itís an even number.
Alright, here we go, box number two.
Dark Sakura, the best party game of 2006.
Oh, fuck, I donít play party games.
Everybody in the studio is getting one they canít do.
I changed my box.
No, you canít change the box.
I returned this one for store credit.
Nope, canít do that.
Wasnít there a game that people would get together at your house and play a lot this
year?
No.
Madden.
Fuck.
Madden.
No.
Um, okay, Iím gonna have to go though, Iím gonna go universal with party and say Animal
Crossing.
Oh, okay.
Because I got so many dirty letters from my friends, and so many people, I had someone
going around in my village calling everyone a wanker, and then I had someone else say
shit face, and it was great.
Thatís so mature.
Thatís awesome.
And, you know, putting, you know, putting dirty t-shirts in my shop, and it was pretty
fun.
Alright.
Now, the news story we want to know your opinion on, and that would be, remember when Bully,
the game Bully on the Playstation 2 was first released?
Which controversy when they discovered that your character, a boy, can kiss another boy
in the game?
What did you think about that whole controversy?
I thought that I really didnít care, because it was kind of, I was like, thatís cool,
but these people are stupid.
What people?
The people who were all up in arms over it.
Like Tack Jomsom?
Oh, God.
Thatís somebody who just needs to get butt raped with a corn cob.
Do they need to do more of this type of content in games?
Yes.
We need more hot gay action.
Do you think gay gaming is fairly represented in games today?
Well, not really, because I think a lot of itís more sensationalized, you know, because
like, oh, if we put two hot chicks, you know, kissing, then itíll attract the straight
white male quotient.
No, they just need to have, like, actual just, they need what they need to, and I think this
was in any media, they need to remove the sensational aspect from it and just make it
like any other thing.
You know?
Itís normal.
There are a vast number of people in the world who have normal, you know, I donít think
that there should be any distinction made between, oh, straight people are normal, oh,
gay people, you know, that big thing, it should just be no big deal.
So yeah, so you think that they donít need to go out of their way to incorporate gay
content in the games either?
I think it should just be, you know, if this, if youíve written this character and this
character, you know, sets off your gaydar, have them fuck a guy, I donít know.
Then everything should be like The Sims, where itís just played however the hell you want.
The Sims is the best, the best, I think, way theyíve done it, because itís either or,
you know, and thereís tons of gay couples out there who adopt children, who, you know,
get themselves artificially inseminated, who adopt, you know, I think that it should just
be no big deal, it should just be, because I think, and this is how I feel about a lot
of stuff, is that whenever you make a big deal about something, thereís gonna be other
people who make a big deal about it, who treat it as some sort of pet topic, when really
it should just be average, it should just be accepted.
All right.
So thatís what I think.
All right.
Thanks for your opinion.
Now, we also want to know, what did you think was the best game of 2006, Dark Sakura?
Cookie Mama.
Why did I think you were gonna say that?
Out of all the games, out of the Kingdom Hearts II, the Final Fantasy XII, the Oblivion, the
Gears of War, you pick Cookie Mama.
Because Iím still playing it, and Iíve been playing it, and I havenít put it down.
Whatís so great, whatís so freaking great about Cookie Mama?
Pulling the head off a shrimp.
Chopping up meat.
Are you excited about Cookie Mama Wii thatís coming out next year?
Yeah, yeah, I want my Cookie Mama Wii.
Worst game of 2006, Dark Sakura?
I mean, Sonic, honestly.
I canít help it.
It was a complete and utter shite.
I just was like, ìOh my God, itís a bad Sonic game.î
And you have been a Sega fangirl for the longest time, so I ask you what I asked X to for.
Where did Sega go wrong?
First of all, putting it on the PS3, and second of all, really crap control.
I mean, overall, it looked like it had a lot of potential, but thereís so much glitchy
bullshit in it.
I think if they tightened up the control, or maybe even, I donít know if they did,
but used the engine from Sonic Adventure, even with the glitches in that game, you could
still play through it, and it was a good game.
They need to really have that tightness of control that Sonic Adventure had.
Alright, well thanks for your opinion.
We know you always like to interject it.
My opinion is awesome.
Loki, thereís two boxes left.
One or two.
Donít be reading off the screen.
One or two.
I canít see the screen.
Good.
Two.
Iím so glad you picked this one.
Best sports title in 2006.
Best sports title in 2006.
Actually, I would think...
Not Tecmo Bowl, they didnít release Tecmo, well I guess Title Legends, no, Title Legends
was last year.
I would say actually, probably Wii Sports, since thatís really, you know, kind of everyone
liked that.
It was universally liked, and where itís like, you know, any EA sports game is pretty
much, you know, youíre either a fan of it or, so Wii Sports was kind of that game that
got people to cross over, even people that were like, ìI hate Madden, I donít want
to play Madden,î which, you know, can be me sometimes.
I loved Wii Sports.
It was awesome.
Yeah, Wii Sports was fun, and Madden, Iím sure, on the Wii is probably pretty fun.
I know a lot of people were getting into that, that donít normally like football.
I donít follow sports, so, you know, to play a sports game is just kind of, eh.
I donít know what, you know, who anyone is, or what the teamís, you know, strengths and
weaknesses are.
You kind of have to be a fan of the sport to be able to play the game well, you know,
because you have to know the strengths of each player and stuff, and since I donít
do that, nor, you know, I wouldnít be able to be any good at it.
I have to ask you about this one, because, yeah, I think Wii Sports would have been my
answer to this, too, but if I went outside that and wanted to pick an actual sports title,
I think I actually would have picked Rockstarís Table Tennis.
Did you like that game?
I didnít really play that game that much, and, no, Table Tennis, you know, I still have
trouble thinking that thatís a sport.
Itís fun.
It was way better than, like, Topspin 2 was.
That was, like, one of the worst games I played this year.
I donít know.
I would say if I was going to pick a sports game, I would, you know, thatís even last
year, though.
I was going to say Project Gotham Racing 3, because racing is a sport.
True.
All right, all right.
And so, if I were to say this year, then maybe best sports game, you know, Burnoutís not
a sport.
That doesnít really count.
All right, and that leaves you with this news topic.
Iím so excited you got this one.
One thing that Sony announced at their press conference that suddenly kind of seemed to
disappear throughout the year was the Eye of Judgment.
Now, I remember Loki went off on the Eye of Judgment not too long ago on this program,
but Loki, what are your thoughts on the Eye of Judgment?
Does the PlayStation 3 need this, or does it need to just vaporize like it seems to
have?
I donít know if itís vaporizing, but some other things that they were talking about
releasing, like the GPS system for the PSP and the camera for the PSP, those are supposed
to be coming out fall of this year.
Where are they?
Oh!
They didnít come out.
Well, I guess the GPS came out in Japan, but the more that you think about it, those peripherals
are just kind of lame.
And the only thing about the Eye of Judgment, I mean, I guess it could be cool if it was
just the eye toy and they were just kind of souping up the eye toy, that would be a little
bit better to recognize your face and stuff like that and to be able to tell different
things based on that.
That would be cool, but this whole giant setup where they had like, almost looked like some
sort of desk lamp stand with the camera pointing down at the paper, I mean, I canít see anyone
actually setting that up to play a card game, which the game on PlayStation 3 itself does
nothing other than kind of visualize, you know, card stuff.
If it was like holographic or something, that would be pretty cool, but no, itís not.
So why would you pay for a $600 console to play this really crappy card game that you
have to set up this really elaborate set up to play, and to be honest, they also want
you to buy these cards too, which, you know, all anyone has to do is scan it into their
computer and then you can print it out on a piece of paper and play it the exact same
way.
So the whole idea is just utterly retarded.
Alright, what would you say was the best video game in all of 2006, Logie?
Thatís tough, because thereís a lot of games out there and, you know, Iíd say my favorite
game of 2006, the one Iíve been playing the most of, well, Iíd have to say, you know,
oddly enough, itís a tie between like Grand Theft Auto Vice City Stories and Liberty City
Stories.
Even though Liberty City Stories came out last year, the multiplayer is fun on those.
Then Saints Row would have to be up there too, because Saints Row, I think right now
Saints Row was the most fun for me on the 360.
So which one of those would you put on the list?
Saints Row.
Saints Row.
And why?
Because you love gun games.
I love sandbox games and theyíre just really fun and Crackdown I think is going to be really
fun next year, but, you know, I donít know, weíll see if Microsoft is able to capture
the same kind of feel as that.
Really it doesnít matter next year anyways, because once Grand Theft Auto IV comes out,
thereís no trumping it unless they really fuck it up, which is possible because they
fucked up the multiplayer every single Grand Theft Auto PSP version thatís come out, yet
we still seem to play it and kind of just, you know, accept the really glitchiness of
the game and, I donít know, itíll be fun multiplayer I think.
Alright, and the worst game of 2006.
Oh man, the worst game of 2006.
You know, everyoneís singing Sonic the Hedgehog and I think theyíre saying that because itís
fresh in their mind, but actually Sonic isnít that bad of a game, I mean, just the controls
are a little bit crappy, but I wouldnít say itís the worst game of 2006, if anything
I would go with some of the Ubisoft titles for the Wii that are really awful like, you
know, Monster 4x4 World Circuit, but Iíd say overall the worst game of 2006, itís
gotta be Bomberman because Bomberman, it was just a boring game and it wasnít really fun
at all and, I donít know, itís just bad, but you know, if I were to, you know, peg
a company as the worst company of 2006, itíd be Ubisoft.
Alright, I mean, granted, I love Ghost Recon, it was fun to cheat in that game and thank
God that they put cheat codes in the game that you can still get achievement points
for, so props for them for that, but Iím sorry, you know, all their Wii launch titles,
with the exception of Rayman being average suck balls.
Alright, well, thereís one box left, so I guess I get to open it, so here I go.
Hey, look, I got the million dollars, whoo, alright, no, I got a best use of music in
a game and hands down Elite Beat Agents, hello, like, that was one of my favorite, definitely
my top three of the whole year was that game.
That game is incredible and, you know, some people criticize it for the song list, but
I thought it was actually kind of fun and it made you appreciate maybe songs that you
had forgot about and the covers were, you know, well done and yes, even Ashley Simpsonís
song was actually kind of fun in the game.
The gameís got a great sense of humor, itís one of the most hilarious games Iíve played
and it keeps you coming back because itís got a lot of difficulty, you know, levels
in it and multiplayer.
The game is incredible and horribly, horribly underrated, I think more people should be
checking out Elite Beat Agents, absolutely the best use of music in a game, in 2006.
And then the news topic I have would be the horse armor expansion for Oblivion.
That was retarded.
And this would be what, the topic or the horse armor?
No, the horse armor.
Because at Oblivion, when I think of games that have great add-ons, Oblivion is like
at the top of the list.
You know, this horse armor was one little bump in the road of otherwise what was an
awesome expandable game was Oblivion.
Probably the best expansions of the year was Oblivion.
But this horse armor, man, when it first came out a lot of people were like 250 points for
some frigginí horse armor, what the F?
You know, and I kind of agree.
And this just goes along in general with some of these downloads that companies have put
up this year.
Itís gonna help us think about as well EAís pay to cheat system.
Thatís dumb.
Yeah.
Itís dumb especially when you have games, like I said, like Ghost Recon, Advanced Warfighter,
that the cheats are in there and you still get achievement points.
I mean, grand, you canít use them online, but itís easy achievement points.
I mean, thatís awesome.
Youíre an achievement point whore.
What kind of expansions would you like to see available on Marketplace in 2007?
Saints Row would be, you know, what theyíre doing with like Crackdown, for example, theyíre
gonna have actually portions of the city that theyíre gonna add later on.
Thatís cool.
And theyíve built the game with that kind of expansions in mind.
Saints Row would have been cool with some, you know, theyíre doing like maps and stuff.
And actually theyíve had some pretty good stuff.
Maybe more missions would be kind of cool or like a whole other section of the game.
I definitely think in, as far as Xbox 360 goes, you know, they need more RPGs.
They need their Blue Dragon this year.
They need some of those other titles to come out.
And I love side quests, man.
Those downloadable side quests was an awesome idea for Oblivion and really, really adds
just hundreds and hundreds of hours to that game.
So itís great.
That is all 15 boxes.
We made it all the way through.
Can you believe it?
Oh, my best and worst.
I gotta say mine because we gotta tally it up, huh?
You know what?
I wish Bethesda would make a game like Oblivion but set in modern day so I can have the guns
and be able to exert my, you know, power over the Woodlands.
Do you think thereíll be an Elder Scrolls V though?
Of course thereís gonna be an Elder Scrolls V.
I heard it here first.
Of course thereís gonna be.
All right.
Well, my favorite game of the year, itís really close.
I really want to say Oblivion but, you know, and itís a great game, donít get me wrong.
It would definitely be my number two pick but I would say the best game of the year.
It has to be Zelda, Twilight Princess.
I mean, it really took everything that was about, even though the game was developed
originally for the GameCube, yeah, whatever, it really does show what the Wii is capable
of doing to what you always thought about the games that you played.
You know what I mean?
Itís a prime example of that and I think it really is kind of everything the Wii stands
for and itís absolutely the greatest game to have come out this year and well worth
the wait.
I mean, tons of playability and great puzzles and, you know, just fun.
Itís a different playing experience, something you would never have had before, I think.
Itís something new.
So thatís why it stands out in my mind as the best game of 2006.
Worst game of 2006?
Iím with Loki.
Itís Bomberman X0.
Absolutely.
I mean, how can you fuck up a franchise like Bomberman, okay?
Fucking up Sonic, I can see that but fucking up Bomberman, my God, I think Bomberman would
have been so much better if they just had compacted it to 50 megs and made it an Xbox
Live title.
The biggest problem with Bomberman is that it was a piece of shit game that they put
out for $60.
I love you, Konami.
You did some great work this year but this game was somebody made a really bad decision
toÖ
Iím thinking what happened is that there were some deadlines that had to be met so
this game got out and itís just so obvious and the final product is not even funny.
The problem with some of these companies though is they forget that, you know, theyíre screwing
up like the simple stuff, the stuff thatís like essential, that would be the first thing
Iíd check.
Like, no save system, yeah, that might be important, you know, putting a save system.
Gee, I can do multiplayer on live but I canít do it in the same room when I could at E3.
That is the biggest sign to me that something got really fucked up in the development process.
And the whole thing with Bomberman is like, ìOh, wow, that looks kind of cool, you know,
when they show the videos and stuff.î It would have been cool as like an action game,
maybe like MDK or something like that, you know, where like letís just kind of branch
the franchise a little bit off differently and then you could have, you know, the party
mode or the classic mode or something like that.
Youíre charging people $60 for what essentially is an Xbox Live arcade game, thatís the only
good aspect of the game is playing it on live and because the gameís $60 and nobody has
it, so you canít even find people on live to play it with.
They just made like some huge mistakes with that game, they just ruined it, absolutely
ruined it and made it the worst game of 2006.
So now weíve got to tally it up, letís look, letís see, weíre going to tally up the votes.
Letís start with the worst game of 2006.
It looks like, tallying it up, we had two votes for Totem Ball, two votes for Bomberman
but it looks like between Black Wolf, Extrofer and Dark Sakura, Sonic the Hedgehog with three
votes is the worst game of 2006.
Sorry Sega, it wasnít that bad but you know what though, at least you get a second chance
with Sonic and the Secret Rings.
I agree they can redeem themselves but seriously, do a focus group or something with this game
next time.
Anybody could have told you the controls were fucked.
Well hereís the thing too, they made this game like Shadow the Hedgehog, Shadow the
Hedgehog got shitty ass reviews so the problem is you can only make a Sonic game so fast
before it becomes uncontrollable.
