Orange Lounge Radio
Digital Hosts
Dark Sakura
Sky
and the Lowkey
Tonight, December 24th, 2006
Some new channels make their debut on the Wii
A California lawmaker targets spyware and games
And is Katamari about to roll over Xbox Live Arcade?
Orange Lounge Radio
The plague has returned, but not nearly as bad. I'm prepared for it this time around.
Dark Sakura
How was your gaming week?
I did! I did do that!
Super Pac-Man
It's too damn hard to play
I'd like to mention, just real quick, the story that I'm talking about, which I'll get into a little bit later
I reported back on October 29th
Just to give you an idea of how behind the times they are
He's stewing over there
I smell an angst bunny
Alright
We'll have to do the F-Fuse a little early this week
Well, we're probably getting rid of one of our pinballs
Oh, I'm sorry. Which one?
Thinking about possibly the Guns N' Roses trying to get in Indiana Jones
Are you that mad at Axl Rose for canceling the little Sacramento thing?
No, I don't care
Axl Rose is an ass
I don't care
But, um, Dan's been wanting an indie for a while
And that's pretty cool
When are you gonna get Pinbot?
I want one! Actually, we want Jackbot
I don't, you know, your fancy schmancy bootlegs or whatever
It's not a bootleg
Jackbot is the modern pinball version
Whatever, whatever
It's got the same tracks as Pinbot
And has the bonus segment from Bride of Pinbot
Alright, whatever
So it's really cool. However, we do have friends who have a Pinbot
So I can just go over there and play it anytime I want
But does it do the thing where it goes, I am Pinbot?
Yes
Okay, good
It is a fully functional Pinbot
And that game is fucking hard
On the NES it was pretty hard, too
Because on the NES it had the little aliens that would try to eat your ball
But the actual pinball machine is just difficult
I see
But I have a special place in my heart for Pinbot
Alright
Anything else you've played this week?
Besides playing with fire?
I did play with fire because I lit candles on the winter solstice
They need to make fire the game
Well, there's putting out fire the game
The brave firefighters
Okay, alright
That's a year-end award I'd like to see
Best use of fire in a game
I did
Well, there's also Burning Rangers back in the day
I played another game though
What's that?
I played that marine harpoon Sega game
Because I was at Walmart and I was bored
So I played the harpoon game
And how was that?
Sucks
Alright
You spend the first time you play it and after that it's like
This screen has burning
Fix
Loki, how was your gaming week?
How was my gaming week?
Okay
I played a lot of crappy games, unfortunately
I played Cars on the Wii and it sucked ass
I bought it for Nellie
She said she could try it and then she agreed it did suck ass
Then I kind of went back on what I said about Ubisoft
And I went and bought another Ubisoft game
And this only further proves that their games suck
Because I went and bought Monster 4x4 World Circuit
Despite the reviews, I said
Oh, they're just probably complaining because the graphics look like GameCube graphics
And it's not like we've been able to trust any major gaming press review recently anyway
Exactly
So, you know, I thought, hey, you know, what the hell
It sounds like it could be like Excite Truck
It's four players
That could be fun
No, it's not
It's a horrible game
Very awful
First off, the graphics suck
The controls suck
The game is boring
The music sucks
Every aspect about this game blows ass
And if I rented this game
I would immediately take it back
And say, what the hell is this piece of shit that you gave me
Because this is obviously not a real game
I've done that with a game before
But what game?
It was the WWF at the time, Thunder game
On Playstation
It was so bad that Dan and I took it back to Blockbuster
And had them trade it out
I seriously, I would urge anyone not to even consider this as an alternative to Excite Truck
This is not even close
I mean
Well most people don't like Excite Truck either
So they're just like, you know what, no racing on the Wii for me
Well
Are you going to pick up Need for Speed Carbon?
Give it one more shot?
No, I'm not picking up Need for Speed Carbon
Need for Speed Carbon, I know what kind of a game it is
And so I know it would be pretty decent
It's just not the same type of a game as Excite Truck
But
Monster 4x4 World Circuit, it's slow
But it comes with the Elite Steering Wheel peripheral
Oh yeah, the Elite Steering Wheel peripheral
That's a piece of shit
I brought it into the studio today, okay, you know
I brought it to have Christopher try it out so he can give a review on the next show
But it is awful
It is a really bad game
And I'm sorry, but they just
So they had six or seven launch games
Yeah, but they all sucked
Ubisoft, you're just trying to capitalize on the lack of titles
You know, being out there
And hoping people will get to buy this stuff
And you know what, I'm sure a lot of people bought this stuff
And
I don't know, maybe their kids liked it and stuff, but
It's just, it's an awful game
And once you play, you know, like Excite Truck or something like that
Or Need for Speed Carbon, you're just like, wow
What the hell is this shit
So
I urge you, do not buy this game
Because you'll only be disappointed
Do you think Ubisoft might be able to redeem themselves
With some of the later games that are coming out in 2007?
With, you know, 360, they've got some pretty big titles planned, right?
Well, 360, they've got Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter
Which looks okay, but it looks exactly the same as
Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter 1
So, you know, Warfighter 2, great
I mean, seriously, I
I challenge you to look at the screenshots and be able to tell the two games apart
You can't
They look exactly the same, so
I don't know
But then again, people like stuff that's the same, so
It should be fine
And Rainbow Six Vegas, I heard, is pretty good
It's not my type of game
But
I've seen some of the stuff that they're coming out for the Wii
For, you know, say, and
It's not anything new, let me put it that way
It's just ports of old shit
That they're tacking the controls on
And they really need to come out and create some new games
And I'm not talking about Red Steel 2
I'm talking about a brand new game
Does Reggie need to come lay the smackdown?
I think so
I think
I think they're just looking at numbers, you know
And Red Steel sold really well
It's just
It wasn't that good of a game
You know, people were looking for another GoldenEye
And it was not GoldenEye
Alright, was that it?
That's it
Alright, My Gaming Week, nothing really new to report for you guys
I've been playing a lot of the same old stuff
I've been playing every extend extra
A little bit of Luminous 2 as well
Still playing Burnout on Xbox
And I'm getting very frustrated at how bad I suck at Burnout
Because, like, you know, the achievements
You, for one of them you have to get, like, all
Basically, the majority of the achievements are
You get all perfect ratings
In every difficulty level
Right? Well, I'm one star shy
In the very first basic difficulty level
There's one freaking race I cannot get a gold medal in
And therefore I'm not able to get a perfect
And it's frustrating the hell out of me how badly I suck at Burnout
So, I cry a lot
But it does give me an opportunity to use custom soundtracks
And, like, listen to, you know
Like, what's kind of funny is usually I'll put in the soundtrack to Wangen
And Midnight Maximum Tune
And I'll play Burnout to that
And it's kind of fun
So, yay for custom soundtracks
And, you know, I've been watching extra for play a lot of Excite Truck
By the way, I'd like to point out
He just finally got, just like as of a few moments ago
Got the very last trophy
The Super Duper Rings trophy
And says that nothing else happens
You just get all the trophies, that's it
But he's been using the SD card that Jamie got him for
Christmas to do all the custom soundtracks
He needs to get all the challenge modes finished
And I think that unlocks one other thing
That's minor
He's done every single possible thing he can do in race mode
I mean, I don't know anybody, besides Nelly
That's probably as obsessed with this game as X for his
Most people wrote off Excite Truck as kind of cheap
Compared to Xbox 360 racers
You've been playing it at my house
I have it at Dan House
Interesting, it's so interesting because
This game kind of got a lot of critical
Heat against it, but
It's really caught on with a lot of folks
That I've shown it to
They dig that, whereas
They don't get burnout
Burnout's too intimidating for them
Whereas me, I kind of prefer burnout, personally
To Excite Truck
I like Excite Truck
Yeah, I like Excite Truck
I think EA should take
Burnout and make Burnout off-road
And kind of compete with Excite Truck
Because it's kind of got the same
Formula, almost
The way that you score points and stuff
For doing drifts
Lack of online support being the biggest
Well, that's just, I know
It's lame, that really is lame
Lack of four player racing, stupid
I mean, come on
I really don't understand
Nintendo and just saying, oh you know
All these other consoles have been online
For the last two generations
No, we're just not gonna
We just don't feel it right now
No, you're stupid
You're stupid, stupid, stupid
But you can't help but wonder if Excite Truck
Is doing so well with the casual audience
How well, I mean
At least from our perspective, I don't know about you guys
Out there, but all of our friends
Who are only borderline into gaming
Are loving Excite Truck
And I can't help but wonder how Mario Kart's gonna do
Because you know that's inevitable
That we'll get a Mario Kart on the Wii eventually
Probably not until 2008
I hope it won't suck as bad as Double Dash
Because Double Dash blew ass
But the DS one was pretty rad
And that's the most recent one, really
Mario Kart 64
That's why it rocked
But the thing is though
It better have online play
Because if it doesn't
That's a huge mistake
And I think that they really should
Patch Excite Truck
So that it does have online play
Because that's major
Well they're not gonna patch it
That's just gonna be a feature in Excite Truck 2
Fine, then it better come out quick
Because I want another game
That if they did something sort of like
You know what Excite Truck reminds me of suddenly?
Is Cruis'n World
Sort of
I guess I can see that a little bit
Yeah, I can see that a little bit
If they had the multiplayer be
Sort of like how, what was that game?
Oh god, I can't remember
It's 2099
One of the racing games
It had the dial-in thing to where you could
You know what Excite Truck reminds me of?
You mean
Rush 2049
Yes, thank you
You know what Excite Truck reminds me of?
A woman
How?
Driving
Woman driver of the game
No, I don't drive like that
Yes you do
No I don't!
I drive very well, thank you
You know you reward yourself with stars
For the air you get in your vehicle
Whenever you go over
Hey, I've been driving since I was 16
And I got my first speeding ticket
So bite my ass in a non-literal way
So bite my ass in a non-literal way
Anyway
Anything else on Excite Truck?
Oh, it was still my gaming week
Eh, who cares
DS Final Fantasy III
Which I'm loving more and more
Even though it's kind of hard
And I finally got the 4 star difficulty in Elite Beat Agents
God, I love that game
I really do
Thank you again for the year
I'll tell you that much
Alright, let's get into some housekeeping real quick
Before we get into the news
Next week's show is also going to be pre-taped
We're pre-taped tonight, we're not live as we mentioned previously
But those of you guys on our audio RSS
Also known as podcasting
Have a chance to download the program
And so hello folks
Next week is going to be the same deal
However, next week is going to be a special show
Since we're anticipating there's not going to be a lot of news
Due to the holiday season
It's sort of a year-end special
And we're inviting a lot of our friends
As in other podcasters
Other shows on OLR
Guests that we've had previously on the program
And people in the industry
We're inviting a whole ton of them to come on
For little mini interviews
We're going to play a little game
And I'll give you more details next week
We're going to play a little game that will help everybody give an input
On what the best stuff was in 2006
And what we're going to look forward to in 2007
So by the way
If you are another podcaster
An industry type or something
And you want to be on the program next week
Drop me a line ASAP
rob at orangeoltrader.com
I'm the one scheduling all that stuff
So we definitely want to have you guys on
Also we want to mention
dig.com just recently added podcasting
To their listing
And we want to thank you guys who've dug us
Considering we haven't really mentioned it on the show
Or on the front page of the site
We did give it a shout out on the forums
They've been helping out with that effort as well
We've gotten 60 something digs
On the podcast, that's pretty cool
So if you feel like going and supporting that a little more
That would be awesome because it all helps to spread the word
Which as you know
Independent radio has to rely on
To get the news out there
Because we don't have no magazine that gives us free
Two, three page spreads in to promote our product
So you have to go on there
And vote
And isn't it interesting
That even that being said
Because they're so out there
And so pushed
They end up getting dug the most too
Well they do have employees that can go and dig
I suppose that's true too
Anywho, let's get into some gaming news
Starting with Loki
And of course this week
We had two updates to it
The forecast channel
And the internet channel being added
The forecast channel is, well, weather
And it was pretty simplistic
But fun to play around with
I think we all spun the globe a lot
Because I was bored
I think we all spun the globe
That's what you do with globes
When I was in school and I'd find a globe
I'd spin it
We would try to find the funniest city name
Is what we used to do with the globe
I would take stickers
And paste them all over the globe
I was very disappointed though
No five day forecast for Antarctica
How am I supposed to know what the weather is going to be like
For the rest of the week
The forecast for Antarctica
COLD MOTHERFUCKER
Watch out for penguins
Anyways
So those have been the launch
The of course internet channel is free
Until June 2007
Or June 30, 2007
Which it'll be pay afterwards
Five bucks afterwards
Right now I guess they're considering it a beta
Why is it not done
Damn you Opera
I mean come on, finish the fucking thing
Whatever
So they're working the kinks out
It'll be updated I'm assuming for free
Everyone's assuming, oh we're all going to have to pay for it
In July or whatever
I don't think so
I think they're just going to update it
And so look forward to that
And then of course I think in January
We're going to be getting the news channel
Which hopefully will have a way to sign up for different RSS feeds and stuff
Because I don't really give a shit about the world news
Whatever
Yeah they're really trying to turn the Wii into the front page of Yahoo
Well what do you think though about the browser channel
I think it's pretty good
I'm glad it does support Flash
Because you'll see a lot more from OLR Wii.com
I've got some good plans for that
Hurry hurry
And what's good though is it's definitely a lot easier to browse than say the PSP browser
That's for sure
I don't know how long it will be before we actually
It's actually kind of weird
It's a little bit easier to browse than the PS3 browser too
Because apparently their text entry sucks too
But I'm wondering how long it will be before we see a 360 browser
Because they got to jump on the bandwagon
I don't know
It's pretty cool
I know that the Wiicade stuff doesn't work too well
Everyone was hoping that site would be good
But they have to downgrade all their games for Flash 7
It was okay
They're pretty fun
That's pretty much all I have
It's a good start
Did you check out any YouTube
Because I went to YouTube
Not bad
It's pretty cool that YouTube will work on the Wii browser
The only problem is that you've got that navigation bar
That does not go away
That sits there on the bottom fifth of the screen
So when you make YouTube full screen
Your video is still only in a tiny little box
Well it's not a tiny box
But when you're looking at a big widescreen TV
It doesn't take up a big portion of it
So I kind of wish there was a way to make that stuff bigger
Because YouTube is a pretty awesome site
To be looking at on the Wii
You can get everybody in the living room
And what I did is I created my own personal page
Finally on YouTube
And I started bookmarking videos I really like
Like the banana muffin
That our listeners are going to have no idea what I'm talking about
But you can bookmark these videos
And play them for people
So that's cool
I like the Wii browser as well
I'm looking forward to whatever you are able to come up with
For OLRWII.com
Because OLRPSP.com
That site is still getting
Even though we haven't really done a lot of maintenance
It's still getting talked about
And it looks great on the PSP
You did a really good job with that
So hats off to you
Looking forward to seeing what you can do with the Wii
Really?
I can't help it
Yes we're looking forward to seeing what Matt can do with his Wii
Let me talk
Also about some other Wii news
A lot of folks are talking about Virtual Console
And I thought it was quite humorous
That people thought Nintendo was going to throw them
A free game at Christmas
Well I don't know
I heard rumors that Sony is doing something similar
But I guess
Folks thought Nintendo was going to throw them
Super Mario Brothers, one of their biggest games
As a free game
Considering how many times we've had to buy
Super Mario Brothers
Like the Game Boy one they had
And the Super Nintendo one they had
And all that crap
You'd think they could give us it for free
But no, it's coming out for 500 Wii points
On Christmas Day
But also coming out, ToeJam and Earl
R-Type for the TurboGrafx-16
And
Super Castlevania
Which should be pretty awesome
Street Fighter 2 as well
Even though I don't really plan on checking that one out
Yeah you like R-Type?
Urban Champion
I think it was Baseball
By the way, Urban Champion kind of sucks
Like
I know a lot of people think it might be cool
Because they haven't really heard of it
But keep in mind this game was made like
Before Double Dragon
Before a lot of that other stuff
Urban Champion kind of sucks
It's not going to be worth the 500 points I'm sorry to say
We need Bad Dudes
New Year's Day is kind of weak
But Christmas Day is very strong in releases
Are you a bad enough dude to save the president?
No it sucked on the NES
It totally sucked
Compared to the arcade
Did they make Bad Dudes on Genesis?
I can't remember
I thought they made it on another system besides just the Nintendo
Oh well
So you have those releases
To look forward to on Christmas
Well speaking of releases
Well
There are some
Next week in the UK
And by some I mean three
Of course on the 25th we have Wii Sports
Duh
On the 29th we've got
What the hell retailer is going to be open on the 25th in the UK
To sell Wii Sports
Or whatever whatever
I'm like yeah
And then also two PSP releases
Free Running
And Lego Star Wars 2
The original trilogy
On the 29th
Makes sense though that it's a slow week in the UK
It's going to be pretty slow over here too
Right Loki?
Yeah it's extremely slow
I want to say there's actually nothing coming out
I'm pretty confident in that
And if anything it was just
A crappy ass DS game
And I really mean crappy like
Board game collection type crappy
Anyway so but we do have some
Exclusive release dates for you
And I'd like to touch on something I was talking about earlier
In the show about how websites are carrying
Exclusive stories that certain games
Are coming out and that they have the first
News on it
There's actually a news art
News piece that's being run by GoNintendo.com
Which is actually originally covered on
Codenamerevolution.com
Talking about High School Musical being in
Development for the Wii
In case you forgot we did mention
That back in episode 206
Way back in the month of
October and
Gave you a release date of that as well
And in case you
Haven't heard of that I believe it's
Coming out in May
But who cares it's High School Musical the game
I put this right up there with like happy feet
Exactly it's a
It's a crappy game
Can't you guys just kiss and make up it's really not worth fighting over
No it's worth fighting over
Everything is worth fighting
No but seriously so
That's coming out and you know
Great we did have a few other things
And these were actually some of these were mentioned
During the week you know I had them posted in our show
World but you know during the week more news
Came out and we had you know some dates
Being released of course like Prince of Persia
Rival Swords for the Wii
Being announced by Ubisoft and
That's coming out March 14th
What they didn't mention
Though is that Driver
Parallel Lines will also be coming out on
The Wii and the PSP
That is also the same day on March
14th and a week
Prior they're going to be releasing their
Game for the new Ninja Turtles
Movie and that's coming out on
Playstation 2, GameCube, 360
The Wii, the DS and the Game Boy Advance
And that's coming out
On the 7th
Also from Ubisoft we've got
A sequel to their really crappy Game Boy
Advance game Dogs, Dogs 2
Which is coming out on the
7th of March as well
They have a music game coming out at the end of
February called Guitar Hit
For the PSP, no word on what that is
But it's probably some music and rhythm game
Probably is ripping off on
I've never seen a guitar rhythm game before
This is a completely new concept for me
It's on the PSP
So I'm not sure how well that's going to work
That's coming out on
February 28th
Splinter Cell Double Agent finally making its way
To the Playstation 3 as they announced earlier this week
That's going to be March 14th
Atari has
Two Dragon Ball Z games coming out
Dragon Ball Z Shin Budokai and other
For PSP
And other Shin Budokai games
And that's coming out March 14th
And then Dragon Ball Z
Haru Kannaru
It's a very long name
Haru Kannaru
Densetsu
Legendary
For the DS
And that's a mouthful right there
That's coming out on the 21st of March
And then
You're going to love this
Elder Scrolls Oblivion for the Playstation 3
Delayed yet again
To the end of February
Coming out now February 27th
What the hell
G, where have I heard this Oblivion getting delayed
For the new console thing before
Where have I heard this before?
2006 maybe?
Yeah, seriously
So it's being delayed yet again
I don't know why they don't have it done yet
But whatever
Alright
Well thanks for the exclusive look at some of the US news
And so nobody else has mentioned that whole Oblivion
Getting delayed thing, huh?
No, no, but I'm sure a few months
From now they'll mention, oh by the way it's been
Delayed, we have the exclusive news on it
Because everyone seems to ignore
Us
We're not a real legitimate site
Because we love game in our title
Coming out in Japan
Also kind of slim pickins in Japan
This week, but you do get the Japanese
Version of Prey on the 360
This week on December 28th
Also on the Playstation 3
You're going to get Formula 1 Championship
Edition coming out there
Coming to the Nintendo Wii
You get, not a lot, you get a new memory
Card there
Coming to the Playstation 2 you get Formula 1
2006
Yunimishi and Himihibi
Princess Days
Does that sound like a title you're interested in playing?
Sounds kind of cute
Coming for the Nintendo DS
We have just a bunch of accessories
Some pens, some covers
And an Animal Crossing mascot
Strap and a carrying bag
For Animal Crossing
Sounds like it might be kind of fun
You do get Dragon Quest Monsters though on the DS
Dragon Quest games are always
Pretty big deals over there in Japan
Even though it's a spin-off game still
Going to be pretty big
And that's really all I have
Not a whole lot, it's a slow week over there too
And as I was going to say, the High School Musical game
I said May, because I was just completely pulling it out
Of my head, but I looked back in the showroom for
Episode 206
And apparently it was July 11th
May was Pirates of the Caribbean 3
Let it go, Jesus
Okay, I gotta get my information correct
Okay, just in case
Fair enough, fair enough
Anyways
Now that we're moving on from our angst aren't we?
I think so, yeah
Well there is talk of
DS and Wii
connectivity coming around
They're basically comparing it
To how it was with
The GameCube and Game Boy Advance
But they're saying that they're hoping that it's
Going to be a lot better
Whereas with the Xbox 360
Connects to your PC for
Streaming video and media
They're talking about more improving gameplay
And offering new experiences
The best news about this is that I won't have to
Buy some fucking cable to do it
Like you had to do on the GameCube, remember?
To connect to your Advance or whatever
But then it didn't work with the Advance SP
Nope, it didn't
It was so annoying, so annoying
Damn you Nintendo, I'm still mad at you over that
That's why I still held onto my GBA
Because I have to tell you what I want to see
Come out again
Is the Pac-Man Plus
Or Pac-Man Versus
Oh, Pac-Man Versus, yeah that would actually be a really
Fun download title for the Wii, wouldn't it?
I actually
We still randomly play
That game because it's so much
Fantastic, I mean it was such a fun idea
Well also I think about, you know, they should really give
Four Swords another chance, because I think a lot of
People didn't get into Four Swords on the GameCube
Because of the fact you had to have all these people
Had to have an Advance and all these people had to have the
Cables, and it wasn't usually hard to find people
With an Advance, but it was hard to find people with the
Cables to play the game with
Same thing with Crystal Chronicles
I think we actually had to have two or three sets of cables
At my house just because of that
Yeah, but you're, you know, you're a nerd
Well I mean, it was just that we ended up
Dan worked at Gamestop at the time
Found him cheap, we'd just hold on to him
But it was really
I think in that respect though
It's, hey we make it require this
We can sell more stuff
So, I don't know
I'm really, really hoping that we get
Not just
You know, like the one or two ones
That were out before, but get a whole series
Of games that interact
Between the Wii and the DS
I could really go for that
Is this how they could do that, Loki?
How they could get more games to interact
With both systems
Well, probably just
They'll probably start adding it on
Kind of like they did with the Game Boy Advance
Stuff, you know, where like, remember Metroid Prime
Where you could download the original Metroid
To it and stuff like that
They'll probably start with gimmicky
Stuff like that, hopefully maybe the new
Animal Crossing will allow you to download some games
Dream on!
Actually, I have an idea
They should do
Be able to turn your Wii into a demo station
Yeah, that's been a long time
Rumor, yeah, I remember
Nobody's ever seen if that's really going to happen
But yeah, the rumor was you'd be able to download
DS demos through your Wii
Just like you're supposed to be able to do PSP demos through the PS3
But if an Animal Crossing were to come out on Wii
That means that we'd probably get the island
Back, that should be fun
I think everybody's waiting for Animal Crossing
On the Wii, I don't know, I'm a little skeptical this time
Because I was so excited about Animal Crossing
On the DS
I was so excited about it and then played it for like two weeks
And then I was done
I think you should have a Mii game
You know, you make your Wii on your
Your Mii on your Wii and download your Mii
To the DS with a little thing as like sub games
I guess anything is possible
Anything's possible
I don't know
But one thing that they're probably not going to have
In Animal Crossing is the
Wiimote throwing game
Because they've been getting a lot of heat
On the whole Wiimote strap thing
In fact, of course, as I predicted last week
Immediately the next day
Class action lawsuit
Filed for the stupid Wii strap things
And of course
He's so humble, isn't he?
Hey, I mean, I'm not taking credit for that
Because anybody could have guessed that
That's just stupid
I mean, of course it was coming
Because people were looking to profit from all this stuff
So, some company, Greenwelling LLP
Filed a national
Class action lawsuit
On behalf of the owners
Of Nintendo Wii, thank you them
Because, you know, all these
Wii owners are in dire need
Of some money
No, you know what? You don't represent me
I am a Nintendo Wii owner since launch day
And you don't represent me
Let that be known on this program
Anyway, you need to say
I represent Wii owners except
Rob from Orange Lawns Radio
And me
You should just say you represent stupid people
They said that basically
The class action lawsuit
Rose as a result of the defective nature
Of the Wii remotes
Basically saying that the wrist straps
Were not, you know
Strong enough to withstand
The use of the player
And that Nintendo
Did not include enough
Instruction on how to use
The Wii remote properly
What? Oh my god
That's a Wii remote up their butt
That's a retard, I'm sorry
No, no, that's insulting to retarded people
That's just an idiot
I'm sorry, I can't deal with that
And that it's basically
You know
What they're saying though
And they're looking to do is
The class action lawsuit is going to
Basically correct
They want to correct the defect in the Wii remote
And provide a refund to the purchase
Or replace the defective Wii remotes
And
You know
I think they're trying to also claim damages
For stuff that people have done
I can't help but think though
That they've sent out emails
There's a stupid indicator in the front of
All the games
It's built into the games for god's sake
Built into the consoles on every single game
Says the Wii strap thing
They've offered this free replacement program
If you want to replace your Wii straps
They'll do it for free
I told you in the instruction mails
Do not swing wildly
And you don't need to swing wildly
And the commercials don't show them swinging wildly
Granted they show them diving across the couch
But that's not swinging wildly
That's just acting like an idiot
Well I think the best comparison
I heard about that though
Is that like you know in a commercial
For a new car
They show them driving in the wilderness
Doing all these stunts
And they always have that little thing
You know that you don't do that with a regular car
You just know that
Common sense tells you that
Common sense tells you
If you dive across the couch
You're likely to break the couch or a lamp
Or your wiimote
But that's the risk you take
It had warnings
They made the warnings abundant
Three words
Idiot
Well this comes down to Nintendo
Of course this is without merit
We're going to see what we just said
About the Wii
That they've given way more than enough
Precautions and stuff
And people are stupid
It's just like you know
You don't see lawsuits out there for people
Throwing baseball bats and hitting somebody with them
And them suing the baseball bat company
Because they're stupid and let go of the bat
They know they're not supposed to do that
Well just like you know you're not supposed to swing
The remote like a 90 mile an hour fastball
And just because your hands became slippery
Well you know if I had a knife
And my hands were slippery and I accidentally
Stabbed someone with the knife
It's my old damn fault not the knife company
Because they made their knives sharp
It's just
It's really dumb and I hope to god
That they have somebody out there
That sees this case and throws it out of court
You know but
Did they say this might go to jury trial
Or that's what they want? Is they want a jury trial out of this?
Well they were
I think the lawsuit was
On the Xbox 360 where they were seeking
Five million dollars for
They haven't really said a number
That they're looking to get yet
But I mean from what we've seen so far
The Wii straps breaking has been
Relatively rare
I mean it's happened
But you know people post it on the internet
And so it seems like a bigger problem than it actually is
And a lot of these
We found out as of last week
That are faked
So I mean
I just see this as just them trying to prop it up
Let's take the fakers to court
Nintendo ought to sue all the fakers
That would be funny
Well that does make sense
Technically it's perjury
There you go
I say if Nintendo loses money on this
They take those fakers to court
That would be funny
Defamation
Defamation suit
I think that would be funny
Now real quickly I want to say though
Did you hear about like that trillion dollar lawsuit
That the RIAA
Filed against that Russian MP3
Company that was selling all of
MP3.com or whatever that site is
Did you hear about that?
It's like one of the biggest lawsuits ever
Trillions of dollars
Like 1.6 trillion dollar lawsuit or something like that
There was another study I read
I don't even remember exactly what it was
But it was something that they were saying
That these claims, the damages that are being caused
By the downloads are a lot
That these companies are seeking for
And that
Really the
People downloading these MP3's are not really
Causing that much damage to them
All this news about lawsuits
I don't know about you guys but news about stupid
Lawsuits makes me very angry
Does it make you angry?
Everything makes me angry
You know what happens when we get angry?
Music
The F you's of the week time
DarkSakura what's pissing you off this week
F you to mucus
And the extreme amounts of it that live in my lungs
And make me sick every morning
I hate bronchitis
I hate it
I hate it
I hate it
Remember Kefka? Oh, forget it.
Yes. Yes, I remember.
But, um, I'd also like to just offer an F.U. to a tower video for not having any Dr. Who DVDs before they, uh, went on business.
Loki?
I'm pissed off at the lack of Wii games that are out there that- good Wii games.
Because, you know, I'm really s- I'm kinda searching for some more stuff to play, and I bought a lot of stuff, and I have to say about, you know, 60% of it's been crap.
And it's just- it's not because, you know, I picked a crappy game, it's just-
Haven't you played damn near every launch title now, except, like, Happy Feet and Avatar?
Well, I haven't played, like, any of the, you know, Happy Feet, Avatar, SpongeBob, you know, that stuff that's ports off of old games like Ant Bully and stuff.
But I've played, you know, quite a bit of everything, and it's- a lot of it's really crappy, and I'm-
I'm starting to get a little afraid that, you know, maybe this launch for the Wii wasn't as good as everyone's saying it was, because a lot of the games are really shitty, whereas, you know, even like the 360 launch, a lot of the games, you know, I didn't like, like Perfect Dark Zero was pretty shitty, I thought, but it was a lot better than this stuff.
But, I mean, look, to be fair, the games that were good on Wii were really good, like, you know, Zelda, and I thought Excite Truck was pretty damn good, especially for a launch title.
Trauma Center, fucking amazing, especially if you haven't played the DS one.
Here's the thing it's coming down to, is because Excite Truck is really good, it's like, yeah, that's awesome, I want to find another game like this.
Oh wait, there isn't anything like this, and next month there's only going to be one game.
Elibits wasn't bad.
Oh, I like Elibits.
WarioWare's going to be pretty good.
WarioWare's going to be really fun, but afterwards, what was there coming out afterwards, in February we've got like two games coming out, it's a big drought, despite what Reggie may say, there will be no drought in games or whatever, there is a drought in games, and it's like three games coming out in the next two months.
I'm sorry, they need more than this.
Don't you expect that there's going to be a drought in January, February, for every system?
What do the other systems have coming?
The other systems, 360's got Lost Planet, which is a pretty large title, well, Battle Stations Midway, which is shit, and Fusion Frenzy, and then Playstation 3 doesn't have shit coming out for it, but Playstation 3 doesn't have shit coming out for it at launch either.
And then Playstation 2, I mean, January, granted, is a slow month, but February does have a lot of stuff coming out for other systems, a lot of big titles, and the Wii's just kind of being skipped.
Alright.
My FUs of the week, I don't really have a lot, so FU2 cookies for being so tempting and straying me from my diet this holiday season, because I've gotten so many yummy cookies, like, you know, Loki and Nellie made me some for Christmas that were very good, no offense, I mean, the cookies were great, it's just too tempting, and then some of my students at work made me cookies, and, oh gosh, it's too much, too much to handle.
Let's get back into some news, and it's funny that you brought this up, but, you know, it was talked about this week, the whole delays for Wii games, there was some news going on that Mario Galaxy and Metroid Prime could possibly be delayed all the way to Christmas,
but then, of course, Reggie Fils-Aime discussed with Newsweek, not that long ago, he made a promise Nintendo would not have the launch problems they have with usual consoles, quote, Metroid Prime 3, which is a from-the-ground-up creation of Metroid for the Wii system, will come out in early 2007.
This gives us fantastic momentum coming off the launch, and will certainly be an example of how there will be no new game drought for this system. Another from-the-ground-up Wii game that we are strategically timing to launch to make sure we are continuing driving momentum through 2007 is Super Mario Galaxy.
You know, and they really are doing a good job keeping games coming out, Nintendo is, you know, because they've got WarioWare for January, Wii Play for February, Mario Party 8 for March, I mean, and that's already, you know, the first quarter of the year, and they've got a game coming out every month.
Can't say the same for other companies, though, because...
So it's the third parties that have to pick it up, but is it still kind of new, maybe?
Maybe, well, and third parties have their development cycles, you know, March you're going to see a ton of games come out.
And remember how Nintendo wasn't letting a lot of them online at first?
That's stupid.
That could be part of it, too.
Nintendo needs to fucking get a clue, online's where it is now, and you know what, people were really excited about the online for the DS, and I thought, okay, because they saw that, let's take that as an example as, get this fucking console online.
This Mii Channel, you know, exchanging Miis and exchanging messages shit is, it's old.
It's old already, and we need, you know, some more online games.
It needs some actual good support for the online.
I also want to mention that it was previously said by Reggie as well that virtual console games may pick up the slack a little bit between the big, big support of the first parties,
that that's when they'll release some of the big stuff people want on virtual console, such as, I'm sure, Kid Icarus, Metroid at some point, you know, Super Mario World on Super Nintendo.
Those types of games will be strategically planned for when there's a drought of big Wii games.
Great, you know what you need to do with those virtual console games?
You need to put them online, like they do with Xbox Live Arcade games.
Put them so that you can play multiplayer online.
Maybe not exactly as how they're doing it because the Xbox Live Arcade games have had a little bit of problems with some of the online components of them,
but multiplayer online with Mario Kart, I mean, that's going to be awesome.
Of course, they probably wouldn't want to compete with their new Mario Kart whenever the fuck that's coming out, but...
Evie, you could really add a lot of oomph to some of these old crap titles, like baseball, tennis, Mario Brothers.
Well, I shouldn't say it's crap.
I mean, they all contributed to history, but now...
League of Pores at least.
Yeah, you could really add a lot of oomph to these games and really justify the $5 price with these little enhancements, I think.
It's not asking that much, I mean, I don't know.
Well, you know, I'm sure there's a huge technical aspect when it comes to lag and all that stuff, but, you know, whatever.
Well, excuse me for a moment while my voice fills me.
There are a few rumors floating about, and one that I know a lot of people would really, really like to see.
There are talks actually from EGM on the January issue stating that Katamari Damacy would be coming out on the Wii and Xbox Live Arcade.
I'm sort of not sure how it would work, you know, on the Wii, if you'd do it like Monkey Ball.
Probably like Monkey Ball.
Yeah, but Xbox Live, though, it would definitely, it's a good idea, I think, for Xbox Live.
I'm worried about the size limitation on Xbox Live, though, with 50 megs.
Well, I guess the graphics ain't all that.
What's that?
I don't know, okay.
I loaded my copy onto my HD loader, and it wasn't that big.
I'd have to check it again, but it wasn't.
Well, I'm hearing the rumors that they're going to up the live limit because the new memory card's coming out, the 256 megs.
I think the 50 meg limit's stupid anyways, and to be honest, so you can't download a live arcade game to your memory card.
Boo-fucking-who?
Who cares? Get a goddamn hard drive.
Or don't use that part of it.
Just use your fucking memory card for saves, and that is it.
We don't even do that. We just use a hard drive.
Yeah, the only thing I use memory cards for, downloading content from kiosks, and I don't even do that anymore.
Didn't we heart Katamari have a two-player mode?
It did, didn't it?
Yeah, so could you imagine having that on Xbox?
Well, the original one did too.
The original one did too.
That's right.
It was kind of a... I like co-op mode better for Katamari.
It wasn't like, you know, it's no Halo, Gears of War-style multiplayer that keeps people coming back, but it's a nice addition.
You know, makes it a little something special.
That would be kind of fun on Xbox Live.
I would love to see, you know...
I'd much rather play Katamari Damacy co-op than Gears of War, I'm sorry.
I'd love to see the Wii version have your Miis as, like, the little, you know, characters running around in the levels and stuff.
That'd be funny.
Oh, getting to roll over your friends?
Yeah.
That'd be fun.
Dude, that would be really cool.
Or they should do, like, as a...
Are the massive people in your Mii parade?
Yeah.
Or they should do, like, a convert a Mii, an existing Mii into a little prince cousin.
Little prince face? Maybe.
That'd be fun.
I think that would be good. They have a lot of things that they can do with that, and hopefully they'll actually use all that.
And of course, Loki will be all about the achievements.
Fuck that shit.
Yes, it will be all about the achievements.
No, but anyways.
Speaking of the 360, the 360 owner's got a pretty cool surprise recently, as Microsoft has upped their warranty from 90 days to one whole year.
So if your console happens to be broken, or if it was broken, you're going to be getting a refund for your broken console.
So that is pretty awesome.
And definitely, you know, at least they're supporting their hardware with the issues that they may have for it.
So, go Microsoft.
Hooray for them.
Alright, hooray for this, too, because obviously I'm a big fan of Luminous, as you guys know.
And there's a song in Luminous 2 that is just awesome, and it's a song called Heavenly Star.
Let me play a little bit of a clip of this song.
Well, this song, of course, is in Luminous 2 on the PSP, and it was just released for download on iTunes this week.
So you can check that out by the Genki Rockets, a song that's called Heavenly Star.
Well, this song, of course, since Mizuguchi had a part to do with this song, I believe he co-wrote it, it's going to be also making its way to Xbox Live Arcade.
It's going to be in the Heavenly Star pack that's supposed to come out in January 2007.
Now, we were also supposed to be getting the Artist pack in January of 2007, so we'll see what happens with that.
Now, Q Entertainment hasn't said what the price for the Heavenly Star pack is going to be,
but I would think that, you know, I would think that it would only cost, like, a dollar or something cheap.
If it's just the one skin, I don't know if they're going to do remixes or what,
but I would think it would be a nice thing to give away for free if it's just going to be one skin, right?
And it's such a great song.
I hear it's going to be about a buck to download.
That's not bad.
I guess that's not bad, considering that's what the song costs to download, and it is a great song, and it's fun to play, too.
So, we'll see what happens with that.
I really like this song, ever since the video was posted back in the day.
Yeah, it's a good song.
It's fun to play Luminous 2, but, you know, again, you don't want to rely on one song to push your game,
so, you know, I would hope that they supplement this with some other, you know, artist skins that come out.
Because, surprisingly, some of those songs in Luminous 2 weren't bad to play to, and even, I have to admit,
even, like, Hall of Batgirl is kind of funny.
I mean, just to have that playing in Luminous, I know we all hate Gwen Stefani, but, you know, it's kind of fun.
And, you know, the Black Eyed Peas pump it song, and Missy Elliott lose control.
That's a great one to play Luminous 2.
I'm sorry.
They got some fun.
They had some pretty fun choices.
For the benefit of our listeners, I'm staring blankly at Rob.
Whatever.
Then go to the next story.
Because I don't listen to any of that.
Go to the next story.
Well, you know how we were saying that Metal Gear, not just we, I mean, a bunch of people were saying
Metal Gear Solid 4 was going to be multi-platform?
It was a rumor last week.
Yeah, it was a rumor.
Well, an inside source at Konami is not really that reliable.
It's been, they've come out saying that it's going to be definitely exclusive for PS3.
At this time is the key word, or words, I should say.
So they let themselves in and out?
It's at this time.
It's just like they said, you know, what was it?
Well, one I pointed out when they brought their version of the story that Splinter Cell was coming out on the PS3 as well.
And they said, oh, we had no plans of this coming out on the PlayStation 3 at this time.
And then next week they announced, oh, it's coming out on the PlayStation 3.
Oh, no, it wasn't that.
It was Virtual Fighter V.
That's what it was.
They were doing an interview for that, and that was a PlayStation 3 exclusive.
And then this week, you know, 360.
I'm going to say something uncharacteristic for me.
I don't really think any other system can do the game justice but PS3.
Interesting. What makes you say that?
Playing Resistance Fall of Man.
You don't think they could do it on 360? What is it?
They could do it, but it would not do it justice.
With everything that I've seen that they want to do with Metal Gear Solid 4, they're going to need the extra processing power.
They're really going to need it.
Because I've played a bunch of stuff on Xbox 360, and it all comes out really pretty.
But I honestly, just doing comparisons for several of the games, I think the PS3 is going to be the better platform for the game anyway.
I guarantee you this will be out on the 360.
Not day and date, but it will be out on the 360.
I'm going to have it on PS3. It doesn't matter.
Interesting.
I never really got into Metal Gear past the old NES ones.
I don't know. I somehow missed that boat, and I know I'm weird for missing it.
Rob, do you believe that love can bloom on a battlefield?
Shut up.
They basically, it's all about money. That's what it is.
If the PlayStation 3 has 200,000 units out there, or say, okay, by the end of...
What if the PS3 suddenly takes off between this and Final Fantasy 13?
That's exactly it. If the PlayStation 3 takes off between now and whenever, then yeah.
Then it probably will be exclusive to PlayStation 3.
But, right now, since the 360 has a jump on them by millions of units, it's coming out on the 360.
They would be dumb to just say, oh, you know, we don't like money, so we're just not going to make it for the 360.
It can be made on the 360 as all these other PlayStation 3 games, and it will be made on the 360.
Just because they're exclusive right now, Sony does pay them for exclusive rights to some of these games.
And so, after a certain amount of time.
But the Xbox 360 does not have 6-axis.
Yeah, and the PlayStation 3 doesn't have rumble.
Such flimsy controllers.
Anyways, so, you know, great.
And speaking of the PlayStation 3, Sony's actually in talks with Amazon for their movie download service.
And, you know, because PlayStation 3, they're starting to kind of get into the more downloads and everything.
And I've got to admit, they do have some pretty good stuff on their network service right now,
as far as the equivalents to live arcade games.
Especially, they're getting that Gran Turismo HD demo, which is not bad for free.
I've got to admit, that's pretty cool.
And, you know, now they're talking about going the same way as the 360 and offering movie downloads.
Which, this isn't a big surprise, you know, because it's Sony and they want it to be this media center type thing.
So, of course, they're talking with Amazon because they have their digital download service as well.
And probably, you know, going to hook up with them on that.
But I see this probably happening.
Especially with the PSP, I think they have their download service as well.
So, what does this mean for UMDs?
This doesn't mean anything for UMDs.
It means that people are going to be downloading videos to the PlayStation 3.
UMDs, you know, are going to be like UMDs.
Meaning they're going to be out there, but they're not going to sell.
Is this to compete with 360's new little marketplace movie thingy?
Definitely.
Which I still don't like, because they don't have enough HD movies.
They have like five, literally. I count five or six HD movies, that's it.
It's literally, it's going to be to compete with that.
And it's also going to be to compete with iTunes.
That's exactly what it's for.
Alright.
Well, something else to be competitive in the movie world.
Ken Kutaragi has spoken with Impress, that's a magazine over in Japan,
about an AV-centric PlayStation 3.
This would have the cell processor powering,
and would, quote, be a standard AV component-sized box
with a more powerful power supply unit, anti-shake insulator,
and twice the main memory.
And then it also goes on to talk about dual HDMI output for this high-end system.
Now, this is kind of similar to the PSX,
which was a version of the PlayStation 2,
but it was just very expensive.
I guess you could kind of compare it to, you know,
like the Panasonic Q was like an AV machine,
but it also played GameCube games.
So it's not necessarily that he's talking about replacing the PlayStation 3 already.
But to me, it does seem a little early to be talking about this.
To me.
And it's also the dual-
It's like, make your PlayStation 3s.
Well, the dual HDMI out, that was originally what they were talking about.
I remember that.
For the original PlayStation 3.
Yeah.
Then, you know, apparently that was a little crazy,
and also the same with-
Well, actually, I remember the dual HDMI out for the PlayStation 3
was for multiple monitors.
Remember, they said that if you had two HDTVs,
who would have this?
Sitting next to each other, you could extend your, you know,
desktop to be on both of them for-
I don't know what reason you would need that,
and who the hell would have two giant 50-inch, you know,
HDTVs next to each other?
Whatever.
But that was one of the things that they were talking about.
And now the price tag on this, I think what they were saying, $2,500?
Who the fuck's gonna pay that?
I mean, seriously.
The $600 is too expensive to sell PlayStation 3s.
Who the hell's gonna pay $2,500 for this?
Because, I mean, just because it has DVR and stuff,
you can build your own, you know, DVR system, high-end,
and buy a PlayStation 3 and still do it cheaper than this.
It's just stupid.
And the other thing, too, they're saying normal component size.
Well, that PlayStation 3 is not small by any means.
It is already normal component size, if not larger.
I mean, so what's the size of this power brick thing gonna be?
I mean, is it gonna be the size of, like, a TV or something?
I mean, seriously, what are they talking about for this stuff?
I think this is still a ways out, whatever it is.
I think they need to shut him up, is what they need to do,
because he is just spouting off retardedness as time goes on.
He really, he doesn't have a grip on reality.
All right, well, we issued a challenge to our listeners last week.
If you think the Sony spokespeople have no clue what they're doing
in the marketing department, create your own Sony ad.
And we invited folks to leave us a voicemail on our Skype line,
1-877-GAME-OLR, with their best Sony advertisement.
And we're proud to say we have a winner.
First off, we want to thank everybody that called in
and took the time to enter the contest.
It sounds like some people really, like, rode out, you know,
creative things to say, and you gave us a lot of laughs.
So thanks to all you guys for entering.
We want to play for you guys now, the winner.
Hi, I'm Sony's new spokesperson, Paradox Vincent.
Now, look, the PS3 has been getting a lot of rap,
but I think that it's really just on this communication, you know?
You gamer people just don't understand the way the business works.
So I'm here to clear some things up.
The biggest complaint we've heard is the price.
Too cheap, I know, but there's nothing we can do about that now.
Secondly, some people say it freezes.
We're putting freezing technology in so that people can really get a feel
for the true next generation look and feel on your 1080i television.
To really feel like you're driving that car and you're shooting that alien.
Or how you're in that giant robot.
We want you to feel like you're a ninja or whatever,
stabbing the giant enemy crab.
We get it, you know?
We understand that some people might not have HDTV.
In fact, a great number of people don't have HDTV,
especially not 1080i HDTV.
Well, we don't care.
Leave us alone.
I'm not hearing you, la la, la la la la la.
La la, you're stupid.
All in all, it's the perfect gaming console, I know.
The Wii's a pedophile and the Xbox 360 takes pictures of you while you're sleeping.
Would you pay $600 for a pedophile or a pervert or a terrorist?
I wouldn't.
Make the right move.
Make the Sony move.
Congratulations to Paradox Vincent for winning our little contest there.
I think my favorite part of that is you wouldn't pay $600 to a pedophile or a terrorist.
My favorite was la la la la la la.
So good job, Paradox Vincent.
We're going to send you some random things from our OLR prize pool.
I know we have a DDR Extreme 2 bundle.
Yes, that's Extreme 2.
That's last year's game, but hey, those DDR pads are not easy to come by.
So you get a bundle there and some other stuff as well.
I think there's a DS game we have to give away too.
Don't we have a copy of Tao or something that's got to get given away at some point?
I don't know.
You'll see.
You'll find out what you get when you get it.
All right.
What a great contest.
You get to win something.
A thing, a random.
Think of it as Santa Claus coming to your house.
Something's better than nothing.
Something random from Orange Lounge Radio.
We'll be in touch.
You win stuff here.
More contests to come.
We'll probably do something next week, so stay tuned to Orange Lounge Radio.
Well, I have some news, and this makes me happy.
Remember Loco Roco?
Why, yes, I do.
Is getting a sequel.
That's kind of a given.
You mean one of the only PSP games people talked about a lot this year?
Getting a sequel?
No way!
Well, it was announced by Phil Harrison to MTV News.
Now, this makes me think, though, that quite possibly, I don't know,
given that Loco Roco sort of flopped in Japan,
I'm wondering if they're going to have a more limited release there than they will here.
I can just hear that.
I can see the interview now.
Yeah, we're doing a sequel to Loco Roco.
I don't like any of those Mexican games.
What?
Because Loco, you know, Loco Roco.
Loco Roco is great.
Anyways, whatever.
I rolled my eyes, too, when she said they went on MTV to announce the sequel,
but I don't get where you're going with this.
This also looks very...
MTV's stupid.
This picture looks like...
A penis?
Yeah, it does a little bit.
Jamie sees a penis in everything.
I do not.
I bet you wish you were in Second Life this week.
I know we didn't get around to that story,
but there was some chick that was being interviewed in Second Life,
and all these penises flew by on the screen like people threw dicks at her.
And I was thinking, Jamie should see this.
I actually tried downloading Second Life,
and this is what, again, it was my fandom that inspired me.
Someone freaking made a TARDIS on Second Life.
You nerd.
Well, it's not fully extra-dimensional like the actual one,
but they had it all laid out, and they had the current one,
and then they had the Tom Baker era one in the different rooms and stuff.
I thought that was cool.
And then I played Second Life for like five minutes,
and then I was like, this game sucks.
Anyways...
Yeah, Second Life, I don't get it.
But anyways...
New Kingdom Hearts?
Speaking of Jamie fandom...
Yay!
Yeah, I'm sure this is news to everybody.
They're making another Kingdom Hearts game that's a shocker.
Shocker! Why?
Why would they do something like this?
It's not like the last game sold millions or anything.
So yeah, they're making a new Kingdom Hearts game,
Kingdom Hearts 3,
and of course this was sort of announced on the trailer
that they had for Kingdom Hearts 2 Final Mix during their Jump Festa show in Tokyo.
Yay!
And basically saying that a new project was in the works.
So, Kingdom Hearts 3, something brand new to the series.
Well, something Kingdom Hearts-ish is coming.
Yay!
Yay, they better have space paranoid in it.
And I'm here to announce something else that Square's going to be doing.
I know this is going to be a shock to everyone.
After Final Fantasy XIII, there will be a Final Fantasy XIV.
Oh my god!
It's coming soon.
Oh my god.
Eloki breaks the world exclusive on Final Fantasy XIV.
Amazing.
I speculate there will be five versions of it.
I am actually thinking, let me think,
there will be another Final Fantasy game re-released on some handheld in the near future.
There will be some type of re-release of some game from Square.
And there's going to be another Final Fantasy VII side story.
After Super Mario Galaxy, there will be another Mario game.
Amazing.
And there will be another Zelda game.
Well, we actually already know about the Zelda game.
But there will be a Metroid IV in some capacity.
There will be another Metroid game as well.
And then they will also re-release a remade version of the old Metroid.
And despite what the rumors say,
if you think they're not going to make a Halo 4 or some type of Halo story,
you're kidding yourself.
All right, anyway, speaking of games that are going to be kind of expensive,
as all those games are going to be,
there was an interesting story run by Forbes this week
that breaks down the price of a $60 video game.
Of course, a lot of people are bitching and moaning because games are $60 now.
I don't know if you've heard.
But games are kind of expensive in this day and age.
And this is where your money goes.
$27 goes towards the making of the game.
$15 goes towards art and graphics.
$12 goes towards gameplay mechanics.
Now, $12 goes to the retail markup,
meaning that the store you actually buy it from gets $12
because it usually costs them about $48.
And there's a console owner fee of $7.
And the retail and publishing parties involved
only really get about $1 for every game sold.
They might be able to push it to $3 a game
if they sell advertising in the manual or do some of that in-game advertising stuff
or what have you.
Interesting.
That's where your money goes, if you ever wondered.
That's economics for you.
Well, if you ever wonder where your emails go when you send them to Mailbag
at orangeloungeradio.com,
they go to the bowels of hell known as Jamie's House,
where she opens them up and reads them
and finds some of her favorites to read for you all on air.
So do you have some mail for us this week, DarkSakura?
Yes.
Damn you people, only five this week.
What's up with that?
I expect better of our listeners.
I heard there was a holiday or something going on.
So?
It doesn't take long to type.
I type 90 words a minute.
I have a letter typed up in, you know, three minutes.
Anyway.
Nah, but we got some pretty good emails.
The first one comes from, I guess it's pronounced Igor.
This is Igor, regular listener from Florianopolis, Brazil.
That's cool.
I've been listening to you for quite some time
and I consider it a very good podcast.
Top five on my iTunes every week.
By the way, I believe that you should be experiencing some problems in iTunes.
Stupid thing popped up.
Sorry, I had my DVD pop up.
But I closed my case while it was reading so it covered email.
Anyway.
Okay.
It's not the first time this happened at least twice in the last month
because I downloaded part A and it's only eight minutes long.
Does anyone also have this issue?
Keep doing a great job.
Hope to see you guys down here in South America.
Sincerely, Igor.
I don't use iTunes, so I don't know.
I do.
I always check to make sure the podcast works okay on iTunes
and I've never been able to duplicate the issue.
But you're not the first person I've heard to complain about it.
Unfortunately, there's not a lot we can do on our end.
I'm not sure what iTunes is doing to cause it or if it's a server thing.
I think iTunes, if the download moves too slow,
and considering how much we get hammered when a new show goes out
because we're distributed on the X...
God, now I can't remember.
Xbox Live?
No, not Xbox Live.
The XB stream.
Thank you.
We're on that and that hits us every 15 minutes,
so a lot of people hit our show right when it comes out
and I think it might be causing the server to move a little bit slowly.
There are other subscription services you can use.
Yeah, there are other subscriptions you can use to get on the feed
or you can go to the feed directly
and just go to where it says download our podcast on the main site.
You can actually pull the MP3s directly from our page.
And there's also, you know, you can use Yahoo podcasts,
although they've fallen behind on the listing,
so I don't know how much I support that one right now.
And Dig, but they mirror the show on their site or something kind of funny,
so if you're not going to use iTunes,
I would suggest maybe like Pod Nova or the, what is that thing called?
Juice?
Or something like that that would pull down the MP3s as well
or go directly to the feed and save it from there.
When I get them, I go to the feed.
So I can tell you it's reliable.
Well, we have another one coming from Gorilla,
which is cool because I'm the fan.
Well, no, I see Gorilla and I instantly think Gorillas.
Hey, kids, long-time listener and fan of the show.
Just wanted to comment on some things said on past shows
in regards to eBaying Wii or PS3.
It's sort of a long one.
So forgive me if I paraphrase a little bit.
I personally have no problem with someone selling their bought and owned device.
If I own a PS3 for two minutes or two years,
I own it and have a right to put it up on eBay,
sell it to my coworker or anyone else.
If someone thinks this is wrong,
then they should have been in line in front of me and got one,
and they could have done whatever they want with it.
It's not my business.
In my own defense, I did get a PS3 and I did wait in line for a Wii, so yeah.
I don't believe people should be getting anything the easy way.
I think everyone should work hard for what they have.
Or the game companies should make enough of it.
Yeah, there's that too.
I fully blame Sony and Greed for the state of that.
Excuse me.
This is going to be an email.
I'm going to post on our forums, because it is long.
But I'm going to read the last paragraph,
because it sort of mirrors a little bit how I feel about it.
I'm sure you will edit this if you read it on the show,
but the bottom line is this is my opinion.
If you own something, no matter how long,
especially if you put the time and effort to wait in line
with a bunch of people who you would never want to stand next to otherwise,
it is your right to self-smash, burn, throw out a window, or keep for years
before selling it back to GameStop anyway.
If people don't like it, then tell them when they see an auction for $3,000
on an already overpriced $600 device, don't bid.
I do agree with that.
Hold on, I thought you were staunchly against reselling these consoles on eBay.
No, no, no.
I'm going to say this very specifically.
I am against buying them out for the specific purpose of selling them.
For those people who bought 10 PS3s at 10 different stores in Japan
just for the purpose of selling them online, I have a problem with that.
I don't have a problem with someone, you know, and I did think about it.
I will admit when I can change my opinion about things
after putting lots of thought into it.
Say that this is your college tuition.
I don't have a problem with that.
I mean, if you take it home and say you, I actually don't have a problem
if you take it home, play this, if you know this is shit, and put it on eBay,
I don't have a problem with that at all.
Now, the one problem I have though with using it to make a profit for, say,
your bills or for your mortgage is that it's gambling.
I'm not a gambling person.
Even though, yeah, just about everyone who sold one on eBay
has gotten a lot of money for it, you never know if you're going to get,
you know, a bum deal on it or if it's not going to go through
and you've wasted $600.
I love me the slot machines once in a while.
I like to gamble, but yet I won't do this.
And it's, you know, I'm not so, you know, I guess if people are,
if eBay is going to let them do it, then, you know, they have the right to do it
as much as I may not like it or I may not want to do it myself.
But I do blame the buyer almost more than the seller.
I blame the buyer for making that demand.
Well, that's exactly the point.
It's all those people who are not willing to put any effort into anything.
See, okay.
It's stupidity.
If you're putting the effort into it and buying it, yeah, okay, you can sell it.
I still don't think it's right, but it is your right to do so.
I agree with that.
I don't think it's right for, again, those people who were basically
getting the edge on the market by buying 100 PS3s and selling them on eBay.
That's, yeah, that's much.
That's sick.
That's abuse.
That's sick.
But I think that, yeah, all those people, though, who are paying the money for them on eBay,
gouge them.
Make them pay.
You know, because they didn't stand in line and put any damn effort into it.
You know, those people deserve to get ripped off.
And if it's disposable income, then you know what?
They need to take those people away from, you know, their disposable income
and make them go work hard for something.
You know, I have a problem with that.
I think that people should actually have to work hard for what they have
instead of just having it handed to them on a platter.
Although I don't mind when anybody hands me anything on a platter,
but I also work hard for everything else I have.
It's a different story if you just get everything you want.
If you work hard, you should be able to get something.
But anyway, thanks and love the show for keeping up all the good work and reviews.
I did buy an Xbox 360 and am keeping it.
Oh, you're cool.
It's from Gorilla.
Post your game and tag on the forums.
Join the OL Army.
Email from Chicago.
Once in a while you should have a retro game segment and feature a past system
such as the 3DO game system, which I loved and still own.
Okay, you're entitled to that.
I was way ahead of you.
Yeah, you're allowed to love it if you really want to love that system.
Before PS1 came out and killed it.
You know, actually, you must have ESPN, I mean, ESP,
because look for something like that to be coming out next year.
All right.
There's more.
Right.
More emails from mailbag at orangeontrader.com.
I'm going to have Learn Giants by the time I'm done with this segment.
That's all right.
Hey, guys and girls, yes, Jamie, I wouldn't forget your angsty self.
Oh, thank you.
It's Nim, and yeah, it's been going good down here in Texas, I suppose.
The stars at night shine big and bright.
Ow.
I can't clap with the microphone in my hand.
Sorry, can't help it.
Pee-wee.
Just recently I had an idea for a game.
Now, don't you start spouting off, I smell a kamami lawsuit.
Konami will sue.
Hey.
But I was thinking of making a step mania type game for the arcade.
I have ideas and such, but right now nothing has been done,
and I'm trying to get the word out.
So you can say I love your show, and I know everybody else should.
Maybe I can find some help with this.
I'm not going to read out the email yet.
Enough of my shameless self-promoting or whatever.
Hold on.
If it's going to change subjects,
I want to talk about the step mania thing for just a minute.
Isn't that just in the groove?
I imagine this person must have some type of separate idea
that differentiates it from in the groove,
but it wasn't in the groove, just step mania in your case?
Yeah.
And, Loki, you actually had a step mania cabinet
that you helped build for a local arcade.
Tell us briefly, in a minute or so,
what was your experience with that?
It was a pain in the ass.
Why, what happened?
Just the computer...
Normal computers don't like normal arcade cabinet environments.
In other words, they get too damn hot.
At the time, I didn't have the right tools
to basically put an image on that type of a screen
because the arcade screens run at what they call CGA,
which is a very low resolution screen.
But, it looks nice in the arcade because it's a really old screen.
But, it's a pain in the ass.
Let me put it that way.
But now, within the grooves, arcade stuff,
since they just run a PC anyways,
you can actually buy a lot of this stuff from third party manufacturers
and be able to create your own step mania cabinet really easy now.
And, in fact, they actually built step mania builds
meant for arcade cabinets.
So, if you build a cool enough computer,
and it's also hard, too,
because you have to get the computer to turn on
with the actual cabinet stuff.
But, if you can rig that all up,
then, yeah, it's pretty easy to do once you've got the setup.
Alright.
To continue with the email.
Let me get to my main point.
I recently picked up a Nintendo DS
and was hoping to pick up a copy of Final Fantasy III for it
at the closest GameStop.
Now, well, I have a good reason to get all angsty about the franchise now,
seeing as how they didn't even have a copy in.
Before this, they sold me a defective 2DX game.
Hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate.
That sounds like me.
So, yeah, that's all I really have to say.
Still waiting to get a 360, or are we me being the poor bastard I am.
Um, you know what?
I suggest, um, I don't really think it's the GameStop
because they have the stock that they have at the time.
Use your phone.
Give them a call.
You know, I live close to three GameStops.
If I had been told by a GameStop rep previously,
I'm too busy to look, come down here.
And that's when I decided I wasn't going to support that particular store anymore.
I realized that was that store and not the chain as a whole,
but that's when I realized I wasn't ever going to go down there ever.
Then again, usually all I have to do is say, hey, this is Dan's wife.
Well, you know, I don't get on the phone and go,
I have a podcast on the internet, so you damn well better help me,
or I'm going to talk shit about you.
No, I just call like anyone else does, you know?
Well, I mean, usually what I do is I call,
and then if it's one of the managers I've met before,
then I'll say, hey, yeah, it's me.
But honestly, though, really, I've found a few people who are willing to look
and say, hey, I'm going to be coming by if you have this.
I'm going to be giving you money if you have this.
But I've been in a GameStop when it's busy,
and when they say they don't have time to look,
it means they don't have time to look.
That is the fault of not having enough employees to handle the issues then.
I'm sorry.
And having been sort of on the inside of it,
that is the fault of GameStop corporate.
Then there you go.
They do not want to give the hours they need to man the stores.
Well, it's hurting your business, folks.
I'm not going back to that store.
It's not the manager's fault.
I teach customer service for a living.
I get offended when people do that kind of stuff.
Well, I was in customer service for a while too,
and I know what I expect of myself.
Well, you know, what if they're too busy at that one time?
Then obviously they're too busy to ring me up at the register.
Can I put you on hold, you know,
and they could have one employee that's not necessarily working the register
because not everyone ever has to be working the register at the time.
They have one employee to check on that.
You know, can I put you on hold, you know, and...
They are supposed to put you on hold.
No.
And they are supposed to have you on hold as long as you're on hold.
I walked right over to the next...
You know what?
Instead, I walked right over to the next store Best Buy,
picked up my game, left, in and out, very easy,
and that's where I bought all my games for a little while.
Well, you know, and it's not really, I think,
so much the fault of the store managers
because having talked to a number of them,
they're all like, we need more hours.
We need more hours.
We need more hours.
And it's corporate that's not giving it to them, so blame them.
No, I don't know whose fault it is, but it sucks.
End of story.
Last one comes from Nekky.
I guess that's how it's pronounced.
Downloaded for the first time off iTunes
and it's great, nice community feel to it.
I'm from the UK, so can't do any of the live forums, et cetera.
Like to hear a few more stories about the UK.
I do our best.
I look when I can.
WePlay is already out in the UK.
In the last podcast, you said it wasn't out,
but maybe that's only in the US.
We probably were talking about the US
because we're not getting it until February,
and I know we had a big story on the delay of WePlay last week.
Whereas you guys, I think you are just now getting Wii Sports,
whereas we had it as a pack-in with our system,
so it was kind of interesting.
Anyway, looking forward to the next podcast.
Till next time, Nekky.
I'm really actually, I do try to look for UK specific stuff,
more like Europe in general.
I mean, honestly, I myself have a lot of love for the UK,
and I want to make sure that our folks are covered.
Keep in mind, a big part of it is, too,
is that a lot of stuff, and I don't mean to offend or worry,
but a lot of stuff comes up in Japan in the US first,
and then the UK just kind of gets it later.
Not to say that there aren't specific things in the UK, obviously,
and Jamie tries to stay on top of those,
but just kind of the nature of the business is,
most of the business is done in Tokyo and in the Bay Area.
So we try to keep tabs on release dates and things of that nature,
because we heart our international listeners,
but keep in mind, usually when games are under development and things,
it is kind of over on this side.
But then again, they do get some games that we don't get,
like mostly football.
Once in a while, once in a while.
Some of the games of that nature.
I try to keep my eyes open for specific ones.
So think of it this way.
Hey, at least if we're getting the games first,
we can tell you which ones suck,
and then that way you don't even have to blink an eye
when they come out over there.
Exactly.
For what little it's worth,
because we can't force the companies to change their schedule or whatever.
By the way, I think we had a slightly increased listenership this week,
because iTunes had us,
they have video games as their featured category and podcast this week,
and we're one of them that's in the little box.
So that's kind of cool.
So thank you iTunes.
Is that it for voicemails?
That would be it.
Alrighty.
You mean emails?
Oh yeah, emails, sorry.
Give them my voice.
1-877-GAME-OLR if you want to leave us a voicemail,
because we're not unable to be live until January of 2007.
I want voicemail from some of our overseas listeners now.
That's true.
This listener could call our voicemail any time.
Now don't use the 800, but you can go through Skype.
Oh yeah, sorry, that's right.
International folks don't want to use it, unless you're Canadian.
Unless you're Canadian.
You can use the 800.
But download Skype.
You can actually just send us the message through the Skype line.
It's a voiceover IP.
It costs your internet connection.
That's it.
That's it.
So go to orangesonusradio.com and click on Interact With Us for more information.
It's all free.
All free?
Yes, please.
Excellent.
Well, getting back into some news here.
One thing that we talk about, especially in games and stuff, is all these ads.
And a big thing when we were doing the Battlefield 2142 stuff
was that their advertisements had a little kind of a spyware feel to it
because they were picking up your IP and where you're located and that kind of thing
so they could target ads towards you.
Not a huge deal to some people, but a big deal to others.
Well, apparently it's a big deal to some Californian lawmakers.
California Assemblywoman Lori Saldana is going to be working on introducing a bill
into state legislation that would halt companies like EA
from including spyware technology in games.
And they found certain methods used by these companies as particularly vile, as she puts it,
and definitely something that I'd like to see passed because I'm not sure.
I don't think it's on our show roll.
We were talking about advertising in games and somehow it's not very effective.
And so gathering information from these companies and EA is really bad on this,
especially with where you have to sign up and have your credit card information and stuff like that.
It's not good.
What I'm interested in is, she seems to get it.
Yeah.
Who is she? How did she figure out about it?
I mean, is she a gamer?
No, it's just, I don't know, she just seems to get it.
Because one thing we felt like we haven't had much of in the political world
is some type of pro-gaming champion.
I don't mean like a professional gamer,
but I mean like somebody who supports the video games and the gaming community.
We've certainly had a lot of anti.
I think she's kind of interested in, it's mainly privacy experts.
I see, so she's more of like an EFF type champion.
Yeah, and I think this just kind of relates a little bit to stuff like that.
And basically she's saying that it doesn't advertise it on the outside of the packaging
and it contains the stuff.
It's like you bought it and then, oh, by the way,
we forgot to mention that installing this will actually send us some private data.
And you need to do this in order to play the game.
I would just like to see someone who gets gaming in Congress, that's all.
Jamie, run for Congress.
Okay, pay my way.
Vote for Jamie, Kay, thanks.
Yeah, vote for Jamie, or die.
All right, anyway, well that should be interesting to see what happens with that.
I think that's kind of cool.
I think it's something that should, I think the companies should know.
They're going to be looked at if they're going to use these type of tactics, so I support it.
I'm curious to see what the specifics of the bill will be.
Since this is our holiday episode, this last official story we have for you guys
has to do with Bethesda and their big, big, big game Oblivion.
They are giving away for Christmas a brand new expansion pack for Oblivion.
Well, it's not new, but it's...
I was going to say, it's a Christmas theme pack or whatever.
No, it's not a theme pack either.
It's one of the older expansions. They dropped the price to free.
Oh, I thought it was a new one.
Oh, all right, well, whatever.
Maroon's Razor, which I guess used to cost money, it's now being offered for free.
Well, that sucks to everyone who bought it before.
Never mind, these guys are grinches for doing that to those people.
Unfortunately, I have not played any of the Oblivion expansions.
I apologize for my mistake.
You know what expansion pack I'm going to be downloading?
What? The Saints Row Ho-Ho-Ho pack.
Ho-Ho-Ho, does it come with Ho-Ho-Hos?
It comes with Christmas themed stuff.
You know, I'm sorry, we missed this in our story.
I don't remember this being mentioned unless I just forgot.
Gran Turismo HD is coming for free as well from Sony.
So, tis the season.
So, I guess Nintendo is the Grinch after all, not putting out anything for you.
Well, they did have the internet channel, so maybe not.
They did give you that and the forecast channel coming up the news channel too.
But the internet channel, you know, is free.
So, I guess we all got a little something for Christmas.
Now, here's something I got to mention though, and I'm not sure if you noticed.
Wii Connect 24, what the fuck does it actually do?
Because it sure as hell doesn't update my system.
It sure as hell doesn't download this new stuff automatically.
What the fuck?
I think it's one of those wait and see things with later games.
I think it's the type of thing where, you know, Animal Crossing,
people will visit your village when you're not there, type of thing.
Like, I mean, seriously, because, you know,
it was supposed to be downloading the updates automatically so I wouldn't have to.
Like, so, poof, the internet channel should be there,
or the forecast channel should be there instead of having to,
oh, by the way, the forecast channel is there, hit update, you know.
No, it should be automatic.
Well, at least you get that message.
That's, I don't know, you have the message, right?
Nintendo sent you a little email that said the forecast channel is now available, right?
Yeah, great, good for them, but it's not, you know, this Wii Connect 24.
It's always connected to the internet.
No, it's always connected, but it's not doing anything.
All right.
Well, we have another segment here before we close out the show,
and that would be Dark Sakura, who likes to surf the internet up and down and left and right
and all that be-a-select-start kind of stuff.
She finds a website that she must share with all of you guys,
and it's called Dark Sakura's Website of the Week.
And we have happy music.
So this week's website better be happy.
I didn't do crap to find it.
You told me about it.
Oh, goody, you used my pick.
I made a suggestion, and it got picked.
I'm so excited.
Wekitty.com, W-I-I-K-I-T-T-Y dot com.
This site is crack.
It has a gallery of cats and Wiis, and it's so cute.
You can see the kitty.
So it's like stuff on my cat but with Wii controllers?
Yeah.
This is awesome.
This is fantastic.
I need to do one with Shermie.
And on top of that, they actually say Happy Catter Day, which makes me think of 4chan.
So, yeah, this is cute and those are kitties.
I'm going to submit Shermie on Wekitty.
I'm going to go look at Wekitty on my Wii and bookmark it as a favorite.
I actually have Shermie snuggling up to an Xbox 360 controller.
There you go.
Well, you should make 360kitty.com.
No, I'm not going to pay for domain.
They're cheap.
Loki, you can do it.
I can do it.
You should put like ps3kitty.com and have a PS3 crushing the cat because it's so heavy.
No, I got it catbox360 and have like, do like litter boxes up like an Xbox.
That would be rad.
I did notice that Wekitty did use the opportunity to give a big fat plug for the people who
made it their own personal little game review site.
So, you know, we could use 360kitty or whatever as a big plug.
I don't know.
I want to jump on the bandwagon.
How about the Xbox puppy?
Where's the love for the puppies?
Puppies are stinky and they require too much attention.
I would admit that I'm a cat person over a dog person, but I do think puppies do deserve
a little bit of love.
How about dsgerbils.com?
Lovehamster.com.
There you go.
With a P.
When you say love hamster, start thinking of that corn cob vibrator and thinking that
they should do like a hamster vibrator.
No.
Last minute stories, anyone?
Yes.
Are UK listeners want UK news?
I got some.
Pro Evolution Soccer 6.
What's Cheerio then?
Hey.
You know what?
I hate all the ads on this.
Okay.
Pro Evolution Soccer 6 is now a demo on Xbox Live Marketplace.
It's the rival of FIFA 07.
It's only available for Xbox Gold, but it will be available to Silver on the 29th.
It's a 1.31 gigabyte game.
Tell us what's on it because we don't know.
I'm not a football girl.
Isn't this the same one we saw an early build of at the Panami BBQ?
Yes.
Pro Evolution.
It looked pretty hot for soccer.
Not that I'm necessarily.
Okay.
I have to say I do love football a little bit.
You're a rugby girl.
No.
When I say football, I mean soccer because American football is shit.
Pure and simple.
Sorry.
It is.
It's crap.
It's a crap sport and it's just crap.
More people will probably watch football if they had cheerleaders like American football.
It seems to be the most popular sport in this nation.
Yeah, and the rest of the world says, screw you, that's stupid.
We like real football.
It gives me excuse to watch men in shorts.
I like basketball.
Yeah, but you know what?
The rest of the world may be all about this metric system, but hey, we're too good for that.
It's all about fucking base 12 systems.
Hell yeah.
You mean the imperial system?
Yeah.
Well, doesn't it sound much nicer to hear that it's 40 degrees Fahrenheit outside?
It doesn't sound so bad as negative two.
Anyway, forget it.
Never mind.
Well, there's another one as well.
For the record, I agree the metric system is better just to get that on record.
Nintendo has stated that the reports that came out of France saying that Wii Sports
was already in development is, quote, a rumor and speculation.
But pretty good speculation of that, honestly.
Well, NGC France reported that there was one that might include swimming, basketball, a
few other sports.
The quote, though, coming from Nintendo is really pleased with the reaction to Wii Sports.
From people completely new to gaming to the hardcore fans, everywhere has taken to it
straight away.
That's a quote from one of the Nintendo UK spokespeople, and they're actually speculating
it might be the most popular game.
Interesting.
The love for Wii soccer.
Dude, that would be cool.
Would you kick your controller around that?
I know.
How would you do that?
You put your controller in the ball mode.
Well, it detects directions.
That's a great idea.
Then people can kick the ball around the house because the Wiis aren't breaking enough
things around the house as it is.
Kick a ball through the window.
Real smart, Jamie.
A winner is you.
Was I serious?
No.
Partially.
No.
Do you need to come out with the Wii Battle Axe?
Dude, could you bet a golden axe on the Wii?
No, I want, what was that, Time Killers or whatever that game was.
Remember back in the day when Mortal Kombat was big?
You had that game, what was it?
You had two buttons for arm and two for legs and one for head, and that was the game.
What was that?
It was like Time Killers or something like that?
I don't remember.
Oh my god, that game was awesome.
I mean, it was kind of stupid in the gameplay value, but getting to chop people's arms and
legs off and then they still have to fight with no arms or legs was really funny.
Clay Fighter, man?
Your arm's off.
Alright, Loki, do you have any last minute stories for us?
Of course I do.
So, the story came out, apparently there's a way modifying your own DVD firmware in your
own CD-ROM drive or DVD-ROM drive on your PC.
You're able to rip Wii discs, so now the pirates have won yet another battle.
It's only a matter of time before we see pirated games, you can run on the Wii.
Until Nintendo says, oh, you want that news channel?
That's what they'll use Wii Connect 24 with the updates.
They'll just silently push out the updates that'll patch that kind of shit.
Well, they haven't done it yet.
We'll see.
And who says I have to connect it to the internet while I'm playing these games?
And to be honest, if they can burn them the exact same way as the discs are burnt now,
they'll never know.
We'll see.
We'll see.
Anyways, that being said, let's see here, also, it's kind of funny, you know how if
you register three games with Nintendo that you get a free three month trial to Nintendo
Power?
Well, apparently the folks at gonintendo.com found out that the Wii internet channel counts
as a game and now they get a free subscription.
That's kind of funny.
Does it really?
I mean, I have my subscription a lot of the time, but I actually have all my Nintendo
products registered on Nintendo and it's a lot now because of those stinking virtual
console games.
I have the virtual console tied to my Nintendo account and you get credit for all those games
you download.
I really wish here in the US they did some type of reward systems like they did in the
other countries.
If you're using the Wii browser and find that you really want tabbed browsing in the Wii,
well fear not.
The website has actually figured out a way to do that.
If you want to browse tabbed websites, you can check out team-dsx.net slash ds slash
basic dot php and apparently this was used for the Opera browser on the DS, but can also
be used for the Wii Opera browser to add tabbed browsing functionality.
I don't want tabbed browsing so much as I want support for my USB keyboard.
That would be nice.
And of course, since there was the free Gran Turismo HD demo being put out there, it actually
ended up leaking a little bit early on the Playstation 3 network and crashed it because
it was more than it can handle, which is kind of fun.
We mentioned that Bethesda is putting out the free Oblivion expansion, or I should say
dropping the price on it, but more companies are actually putting out new content as well.
Test Drive Unlimited being one of those, you can now download a 1971 Dodge Challenger RT
in the game for free and that's available in all regions.
Also going along with that, the Test Drive Racers Guild download set, which is 350 Microsoft
points, includes the Ferrari 612 and the McLaren F1 GT, Dodge Viper SRT10 coupe, and many more.
So that's kind of cool.
They've also got a free Forza Motorsports Showdown trailer, which is available on both
Canada and US Xbox Live.
And then also three different Command & Conquer Tiberian Wars themes as well can be downloaded
for 150 points each, and actually they do have a trailer as well for that, which is
of course free.
And finally, Transformers, the movie trailer leaked out this week and was pretty awesome
on Yahoo.
I'm kind of surprised it wasn't that bad, and keep in mind I'm not as attached to Transformers.
You haven't seen the Transformers movie trailer?
Speaking of the trailer, apparently there was some interesting stuff shown during the
trailer between the 37 second and 39 second mark on there.
There's a frame that shows Sector 7 Org at the top and Takara-83 at the bottom.
And apparently that, if you go to sector7.org and enter in Takara-83, it starts an ARG.
So brand new alternate reality game tied in with the Transformers thing, a new viral campaign.
And then when you solve it, you get forwarded to All I Want for Xmas is a PSP.com.
Isn't that amazing?
Yeah, that'd be funny.
No, but it's a brand new start, so definitely worth checking out, I guess.
Alrighty.
Oh, and I'd like to also mention, just to kind of start the show the way I started it,
1UP is reporting Earth Defense Force 2017 is coming to the US, and I do believe I mentioned
that on an earlier podcast.
So humble.
The great and humble Loki.
Alright, that's it.
It's only a one-part show tonight, because the holiday and the pre-tape and everything.
So this is the part of the show where we go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
And I'll start tonight.
My final thought is January 22nd and heroes returning to TV.
I can't wait.
It's too long.
At least I have some Kiefer Sutherland to hold me over.
Let me know when my man is on that show so I can come watch it.
He's supposed to be on the first episode.
So what is that?
January 22nd, so you better watch the first 11 before that.
What night is that?
It's Sunday.
F school.
Damn you.
Well, that's...
And on the 8th day the Lord gave us TiVo.
Yeah, and also just to mention, the volume is going to be on sort of moderate hiatus.
More info on the website.
Yeah.
Alright.
I didn't mean to...
No, that's alright.
Your final thought, then Dark Sakura.
Um, I need new lungs.
And reject false icons.
Loki?
Um, my final thought is, I'm not buying more Ubisoft games.
Thanks, I want to get somebody from that company on the show so bad.
I want a one-on-one with Loki.
Alright, thank you guys so much for tuning into and supporting independent radio.
We really appreciate it.
You guys keep it alive and keep us going here.
We can't wait to head into 2007.
We got one more show for you guys.
It's going to be a wacky show next week.
Also, next week or the week after one of those shows, we're going to be celebrating our second
year, or I should say, moving into our third year of podcasting.
If you can believe it, we've been doing podcasting for a while now.
And of course, on the 29th, Club OLR will be debuting on Friday.
Thank you for reminding me.
7pm.
More news on the site to come.
Yes.
You need to post in your forum more information.
I'm sorry.
Loki.
Slacking, humble Loki.
Alright.
Thank you guys so much.
Have a great week.
We'll see you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast programs, visit our website at www.orangewoundradio.com.
See you next week.
