Tonight, December 31st, 2006, it's our year-end special with guests from The Bobby Blackwolf Show, STFU, Video Game Outsiders, Pod Culture, Travis Donovan Live, Destructoid.com, and Gamer Tag Radio.
DarkSakura, Jamie Summers
Among other things, I'm sure.
Among other things.
All right.
Also, say hello to the one and only Tech Master, Loki.
Hello.
How are you doing, Loki?
I'm doing good.
Awesome.
All right.
Well, tonight we have a little bit of a different kind of show tonight.
We've invited a lot of special guests to come on tonight.
And you're probably wondering, why did we do that?
Well, you know, we here at Orange Lounge Radio, we're dedicated to independent radio and giving everyone a voice.
And we do that through the Skype line every week, taking your calls to our 800 number, your voicemails of the week that you leave at 877-GAME-OLR.com.
DarkSakra, how was your gaming week?
It was pretty fun.
I played Cooking Mama at the doctor's office, which was entertaining.
You were poking Mama's steak at the doctor's office?
That's gross.
I was pulling the heads off of shrimp.
I see.
And then went to Roosevelt Golf Line last night, the horrible place that it is, and played lots of Derby Owners Club until it pissed me off that the G1 race was for mares and I had a stallion.
But my horse, Pulp Eater, is awesome.
For those that have never played Derby Owner's Club, because they don't have a lot of these machines everywhere, please explain real quickly, for those that may not know, what is Derby Owner's Crack?
The way the machine looks is you've got two, are they plasma screens?
I think they are.
I believe so.
They're projection screens.
Okay, well, the one at Resolve has a ton of burn-in anyway.
But they're two screens side-by-side so that you get a very, very large widescreen.
Then you have different consoles.
They have one that's either four or eight.
And you sit at that.
You can pay money to breed horses.
And then you train your horse.
You race your horse.
And after a while, after you start breeding your own horses off of your little cards that you get, you can get zebra-looking horses, albino horses.
One person last night had one that looked like that weird...
I want to say it's in the same family as Antelope.
It's got the white jaw, the zebra-striped legs.
One of the other jokes of God.
Hi, I think I'm here.
So what is so alluring about Derby Owner's Crack?
You race your horses.
It's crack.
It's just addicting.
I actually was playing this game.
Why do people play Pokemon?
I was playing this game last night as well, and I had a horse called Paris Hilton, because you get to whip your horse as part of the game.
So it's kind of fun to say, hey, I'm beating Paris Hilton.
My horse was a throwaway.
I named him Poopeater, which I guess DJ Poopeater might appreciate.
I didn't even think about it.
But my next horse I'm going to do, if I get a mare, I'm going to name it Your Mom.
So people say, what were you doing?
Oh, I was with your mom last night.
So...
You're so mature.
I played DDR Supernova.
That machine sucks.
I mean, the game was fun.
It was pretty cool.
Except the pads were, it was the same old crappy extreme machine that was at Roosevelt Golf Land, and the pads were shitty.
And I think, though, when we were playing You're Not Here, I think I twisted my knee, because on the last song, my right knee just started to really kill me.
I'm sorry.
That's why I stopped, right?
Because you know me, I don't stop.
I was like, hell, am I old?
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
No.
Alright, Loki, how was your gaming week?
Well, other than watching Extrovert play Alien Crush on the Virtual Console.
He's been obsessed with that game.
It needs Devil's Crush, though, because Devil's Crush is so cool.
He says Alien Crush is the best Virtual Console game out there right now, which I entirely disagree with.
Well, Gunstar Heroes was a pretty... I was actually pretty impressed at how well emulated some of these games are.
Super Castlevania IV for life, yo.
They need to somehow put Dracula X on there, because then that would be...
Not the shitty Super Nintendo 1.
Oh, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
All right, Loki.
I, too, played a game with a horse.
I played Oblivion.
Final Furlong.
No.
All right.
Elder Scrolls Oblivion, because I thought I had sold it back, but apparently I hadn't.
So I just loaded up a new save game and went around, and I was...
Punching horses and deer and basically destroying small woodland critters.
And it was funny, though, because when you start attacking a horse, they'll actually come after you.
So I opened the gate, and it chased me around for quite a while.
And then a sheep, I managed to kill a sheep, and it made it roll it down the hill.
And finally, I stole a horse and jumped it off a cliff, and then the horse, you know, tumbled to its death, which is funny.
And then a deer, it was funny because there was a deer from far away, and I was just far enough away where I could hit it with, like, my...
Magical Missile Magic Missile If there's any chicks there I want to do them You will only ever hear Rob say that I played the demo I am hell not buying this game Novadrome Horrible Horrible game It was awful
I would never play that game again.
Why not?
Why not?
Because the game looks like it's very cheap.
It wants to be like a Twisted Metal type of game, but it's nowhere near like a Twisted Metal.
It's just very boring and just very... I didn't even really know what the hell I was supposed to do in certain points of the game.
It was dumb.
It was really dumb.
The arenas are very basic and stupid.
No, I don't think so.
Then, of course, let's see...
I played more of Call of Duty 3, actually.
More multiplayer on that, because that's fun.
And we've been doing the thing now where it's either the anti-armor class or the sniper class or whatever.
And so it's either rockets, pistol, or sniper rifle.
And we just play a match just using just those.
Who's we?
You and your coworkers?
Yeah, my coworkers and I will do it during lunch.
And...
It's fun.
It's really fun with rockets and stuff because I'll be driving Jeeps over them and stuff.
It's a lot of fun.
Anything else?
No, that's pretty much it.
Well, I've been playing a lot of the same old stuff this week.
I went back to some really weird games.
I went back and played 99 Nights.
I have no idea why, but I think I just wanted to get more achievements.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Watched me play the game one time, and then I said, here, you play on your account, and he unlocked 20 achievement points just like that, playing one time through the game, having no idea what the eff he was doing.
He got 20 achievement points just like that.
So, if you want some easy achievement points, you whores, go and play RallyX and you can increase your e-penis standings.
By the way, if you are a new Orange Lounge Radio listener, check out our forums, OrangeLoungeRadio.com and check out the OL Army section.
It's our little clan we have across different video games dedicated to just playing games and the number one rule of the OL Army clan is don't be a dick.
So if you think you can do that, then join the OL Army clan and join with some players who aren't being dicks.
And you can join our e-penis leaderboard, which is provided through mygamercard.net, and you can see the standings of all the different people and how many achievement points they have, or as we say on the program, how big your e-penis is, because that's pretty much what achievement points go towards, is how big your e-penis is.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Thanks for watching!
The first mixed show is basically dance and club music, some trance music mixed with video game music.
So you have long versions.
I think for this week, for example, we had long versions of some of the Luminous tracks, some stuff from Luminous 2, stuff from DDR, and then of course mixed in with other trance and dance and club music and stuff.
So that was pretty cool.
Then the second show is called
OLR Underground
and that one actually is kind of a smorgasbord of stuff normally stuff you might not normally hear on the radio like synth pop and stuff like that or you know theme shows it's kind of what I used to do on the old live wire not necessarily all dance music but just theme shows and stuff you may not have heard before
I'm looking at some of the feedback because we debuted it for the first time on Friday, December 29th.
I'm looking at some of the feedback in the thread.
You got a lot of great feedback.
23rd Magus says, Rock on, dude.
First broadcast, kick some serious ass.
Sycoon says, Whoa, this is good stuff.
You should post a list of what music you use so I can go find it.
And look at this from Vandalus.
This is awesome, Loki.
Plan on selling some mix CDs sometime?
I'll buy them from you.
Otherwise, may I contract you to make some mix CDs?
I'm serious.
I'll compensate your time and media.
I love well-done mixes and your stuff is always fab.
That's a great compliment.
Thank you.
No, it was fun.
It's a lot of work, but I'm going to stick to it.
The whole point is to have something for everybody at some point.
Maybe you're not into trance music, but maybe you're into hardcore stuff.
I don't know.
The other cool thing about it for the UK listeners is we rebroadcast it on Saturdays at noon, which is 8pm London time.
So it's
DarkSakura.com
Let's start off the show tonight.
Let's talk about a little bit of news.
Because even though it's been a slow news week because of the holidays and everything, there have been some stories.
We're going to do something a little different from our usual game.
Usually we all go around and we'll all share a little bit of news.
But because tonight's show is a little bit special and the focus of tonight's show is really our guests, we're just going to give Loki about five or ten minutes to just run down some of the latest news headlines.
So Loki, take it away.
Tell us what's been going on this week.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So that's actually pretty sweet, and they've had some pretty cool videos up from that.
Of course, now another thing that we've heard about is price drops in the 360, and what's going to make that possible, of course, is the brand new 65 nanometer processors.
which are going to be a lot smaller, a lot cheaper to produce, and a lot cooler.
Of course, right now those aren't ready, and so it's actually being delayed now.
Instead of quarter one 2007, it's going to be mid-2007.
Do you think that's actually going to cause 360's price to drop?
For Microsoft it will, but they're not going to drop the price, at least not until Christmas.
They just want to make money on their consoles for a little bit.
They won't drop it until they have to drop it.
Do you think when Sony finally comes around and drops the price of their console, that'll be what Microsoft's response is?
Definitely.
Mario Kart 64 is one of the titles slated to head to the Virtual Console in January.
Yay!
Toad's Highway!
We're probably going to get it at some point as well.
This will make you happy, though.
Additional classics coming to the Virtual Console also announced for Japan.
Ice Climber, Kid Icarus, and Zelda 2 Adventures of Link will be
Hedden as well, and then of course, you know, more Genesis.
God damn it, Nintendo.
God damn you.
Give us a new Kid Icarus.
Don't screw with the formula.
Just a fun little 2D game with, you know, like New Super Mario Brothers was.
Just a fun little game that I can play on the console.
Me love you long time if you do that for me.
Please, Nintendo.
Did you see the new things that they have over, was it the Club Nintendo Store or whatever they have?
Was it Tingle's Balloon Fight?
Not in this country.
Yeah, not in this country.
I have the thing tied to my Nintendo account, so every time I buy a virtual console game, it attaches to my Nintendo account.
And believe me, I have almost filled up a second screen of channels on the Wii.
That's how many of those stupid virtual console games I've bought on Total Impulse Buys.
Not a damn reward thing from Nintendo yet.
I'm open.
There are three months of Nintendo Power, which is lame.
Yeah, I got that a long time ago, though, when I registered my GameCube.
Whoop-de-doo.
Okay, anyways.
Sega Sammy is going to be teaming up with Sanrio to make some Hello Kitty games.
Woo-hoo!
Oh, goody.
And that's all I'm going to report for that.
Bad Batsamaru the game.
Okay, thanks.
Anyways.
Capcom, they're slated to release an amazing number of titles 77 new titles across all platforms Games on multiple platforms count more as one How many of those will be Street Fighter 2 rehashed?
I don't know, I think these are new games
7 of which I believe are going to be for the, no actually 6 are going to be for the Xbox 360 so that's kind of cool because they've had some good runs wait out of 77 new games 6 for the 360?
77 games total but those 77 games are on multiple platforms so if they have something on like 6 platforms that counts as 6 games I get it now 2 rumored titles of course were going to be God Hand and Okami but that ended up being a mistranslation of
Techin5 Techin Dark Resurrection Techin5
I'm still holding out for Tekken 6 though.
Anyways, of course, not a big surprise, but Christopher Gans is talking about doing a Silent Hill 2.
Yay!
You just want more Pyramid Head.
No!
Okay, first of all, Red Pyramid is not my focus in Silent Hill.
It's all the other creepy, cool stuff that goes on that makes me all happy.
I love the psychological parts behind it.
You know, I was checking something out.
I was looking at the various game blogs this week, and I saw something that totally made me think of you.
And I want to say I saw it over on Destructoid.com that they ran this story earlier this week about a pillow that involved Pyramid Head.
Let me see if I can find it here.
We're still taping live, boys and girls, so pardon the delay here.
Here we go.
I found it.
There it is.
It's a little homemade Pyramid Head pillow that says, Rape, Sweet Rape.
And I thought of you when I saw that.
That's so sweet.
Actually, somebody on DeviantArt put up a Pyramid Head plushie, and I want one.
So it's funny.
It's a bit of irony, I guess.
But remember last week we were talking about the British sites getting penalized for selling Halo 3 beta codes.
Wait, wait, back up for a minute.
On the Silent Hill thing, I heard that the writer, or whoever they said was supposedly writing it, came out and said, no, I'm not really writing it.
So is it still kind of a question mark, or what?
I think Christopher Gans wants to do it, but, you know.
All right.
Anyway, so as I mentioned, a bit of irony from last week where Microsoft was punishing those British sites for selling Halo 3 beta codes.
Well, come to find out, according to the latest issue of GamePro Magazine, Microsoft will be selling Halo 3 beta invitations with Crackdown, their brand new game coming out in March, or not March, February.
And, I mean, personally I was going to buy Crackdown anyways, but this is more incentive to buy it, even if you might not want to play Crackdown, you're going to buy it to get a Halo 3 beta.
It's like rain on your wedding day.
But Crackdown's an awesome game.
You should pick it up anyways.
But if you're not a fan of Crackdown and you maybe have a PC and were a little bit disappointed by Red Steel, you'll be happy to... A little bit disappointed.
A lot disappointed in Red Steel.
GoldenEye Source, the beta has been launched and you can download it now from the official website which is GoldenEyeSource.com and it looks pretty.
Definitely pretty.
Um, and then, you know, we report on this probably about every month or so, but, um, brand new game coming to the Dreamcast, uh, Karos, um, and it's apparently a game, a new side-scroller, like, shooter game, and it's kind of a
Black and White, actually, giving it kind of a gothic feel.
Dreamcast fans, look, I know you're really attached to your system.
Dreamcast was a horribly underrated and great system, I understand that, but seriously, you will not have another game as good as Soul Calibur or any of those games that were as good on Dreamcast.
You won't.
You think these new games are going to be like classics as good as some of those games you had on Dreamcast?
For the benefit of our listeners, I'm frumping it, Rob.
I like quirky games, right?
and I'm saying that there's going to be some sort of built-in flash drive or hard drive into it.
Well, some more stuff coming out from Samsung actually, a presentation that they did showcasing their 60 gigabyte 1.8 inch hard drive.
It's not really a confirmation, however, there was a nice little illustration that they had
I'm showing a PSP and it says, tagline, enjoy the movies everywhere.
Look, you could put arms and legs on the PSP so it could vacuum my house and do my fucking dishes, but nobody's going to buy them until they actually have more of those must-have games.
Metal Gear Portable Ops, good start.
Luminous, yes, but needs more.
and then one last thing I'd like to mention because we were watching it before we started the show here and I highly recommend checking it out on YouTube Saints Row Glitches the Musical and absolutely hilarious if you haven't checked it out yet you can check it out on the original website that it came out on which was www.cabel.name that's C-A-B-E-L dot N-A-M-E
slash 2006 slash 12 and then buggy-saints-row-musical.html I hope you guys can write that.
Or just go to cabal.name and I'm sure that they have a link on there.
Hilarious musical and all I gotta say is where's my fucking car?
Alright, well, as we promised, we want to bring on some special guests to talk about the year 2006 in review.
It's been a really interesting year.
What would you guys say were some of the highlights of 2006?
Not just in gaming, but just in your lives that go around gaming.
Like, you know, I think of one of the highlights being E3.
You know, every year E3 is one of the big highlights.
And just us getting to go down to the E3 outpost and everything and have a good time there.
What were some of the highlights you guys thought of 2006?
Corny, but I'm going to go ahead and say it.
And that was
E3 Loki
Being one of the first people in the United States to actually be able to play the DDR Supernova machine at Konami's Gamer Day.
Ah, okay, cool.
That's right.
And then the Wii.
Of course, some of that fire burnt out when the actual console launched.
It was exciting.
Okay, it's like just everything.
Yeah, but that's because you've allowed yourself to buy a lot of crap games for that system.
You should have just beat Zelda.
You should have just played Zelda until you beat it.
No, I really haven't been playing Zelda much.
What the hell?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
We never have talked to before, but we thought maybe they'd want to come on and say hi and be a part of this.
So we want to thank everybody who came on, and let's kick it off.
Jamie, who's going to come on our show first and open up the first box?
Let's have Bobby Blackwolf from allgames.com.
All right, let's go to the phones where Bobby Blackwolf is there.
Bobby, you there?
Yeah, I am.
What's up?
Hey, not a lot.
How are you doing?
I'm doing good.
How was your holidays?
It wasn't too bad.
How about yourself?
I did pretty good.
I did pretty good.
Yeah, you've had a pretty good year all around over at All Games, haven't you?
Well, we're trying, yeah.
Well, it seems to me that just recently I was on dig.com looking at their podcasting list, and someone's kicking our butt by a mile on the rankings there, and I think his name is Bobby.
Y'all are joining him.
What?
Y'all are coming up.
Well, you're doing pretty darn good there for just one guy doing his own show there.
Yeah, it's hard to try to do it every week and know that I have no net, but people seem to enjoy it, so I just keep on doing it.
Well, very good there.
Well, Bobby, you know, you've been a longtime friend of the show.
We had a great time with you at the E3 Outpost this year and just hanging and, you know, bringing us into the All Games family.
We've had an awesome time with everybody over there at that site.
We definitely wanted you to be one of the first to play our little game here called the Year 06 in Review.
So you ready?
I'm ready.
All right, we've got 15 cases there.
Pick one of the cases, 1 through 15.
All right, let's open up seven.
All right, what did you think was the best voice acting in a game in the year 2006?
Now, keep in mind, Bobby had no idea of these categories in advance.
This is all surprise.
The best voice acting, in your opinion?
Damn.
You picked a tough one.
Yeah, I did.
I screwed Lucky Seven there.
Because Uno had no voice acting, so I can't choose that.
Well, Uno kind of did have the people going, you know, F you, draw four, bitch, right?
Did you play any of the, you know, well, you can't do Zelda either, because Link doesn't really talk in Zelda.
Hey!
Hey!
Come over here!
Listen!
One of the ones, I actually was really impressed, and I like some of the voice acting so far in Final Fantasy XII.
which may not be something a lot of people talk about because it's an old PS2 game but I want to give that game a lot of props because I have been enjoying it.
Final Fantasy XII is kind of interesting because it's such a landmark series, the Final Fantasy series.
I've personally been a Final Fantasy whore for the longest time but XII kind of got lost in this whole shuffle of next-gen systems which seems like such a shame because it's such an awesome game.
Right, and, you know, that's why I'm not that far in it, because I keep having to, like, look at other things that's going on and stuff, so I definitely want to keep playing it and get farther.
It's just, you know, right now I don't have the time to get into it.
And there's so many side quests, too, in that game.
Like, I feel like I'm barely making any progress in that game at all, you know, with all the people that you can talk to and the hunts and all that other stuff, so.
Yeah.
Do you have a favorite character in Final Fantasy XII?
Ask me when I'm a little bit farther in the game.
All right, I'm going to tell you this.
I think it's all about Balthier, by the way.
I don't know how far you're in it, but he's the bomb, and he has a great voice actor.
I think that's one of my favorite performances of the year.
Okay, well, since that was a tough category to pick a game for, you get a really easy news topic.
I'm curious about your thoughts.
The news topic that's in your case is Bye Bye E3.
Of course, the big news, E3 2006, the last year as we know it, quote, unquote.
What was your reaction when you heard the news about E3, you know, kind of going away and changing for the new year?
You killed my birthday, you bastards.
Did that news come out on your birthday?
No, but E3 was on my birthday.
Oh, that's right.
And they're talking about changing the time frame to it, too.
Yeah.
So, no, to be serious about E3 for a second, I mean, it really got to be too much of a circus and it was very hard for me to see what I wanted to see because I had to wait for...
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I probably should put these on YouTube.
I actually stunk my video camera in in some of the early years to the Square presentation and videoed the whole thing.
Wow.
And I should probably try to get some of that because it's on old VHSC tapes from my old camera.
So I was trying to get into a format that I can put up on YouTube or something because you're not supposed to have the cameras in there.
Yeah, you get big trouble for that.
E3 was getting worse and worse off and harder to get things done
and it just became more of a spectacle.
So I knew it was going to downsize sometime, but I didn't think it was going to downsize this much and for this reason.
Yeah, you know, I don't know how DarkSakura and Loki feel, what they thought when they kind of saw that, but I kind of thought when I was walking around and looking at it, I thought, you know, something's wrong here when we have like this six-hour wait to see the Wii and then a two-hour wait to see Paris Hilton.
I remember getting diverted by Paris Hilton's bodyguards and I'm like, something is wrong with this picture.
This is not about video games now.
Right.
It was about a big arcade and a big festival, and it was like the mecca for gamers.
And so what they're trying to do with the new, what is actually E3, is saying this is not for the gamers.
We're not going to make this attractive for gamers to go to.
And in fact, all the gamers are saying the new E3 is boring.
But it's exactly what the industry probably needs.
So you think this new E3 is going to be a good thing?
GamePro Expo GamePro Expo GamePro Expo
Gamers want to go to E3, but E3 is not going to go to GamePro Expo, and they're not going to bring the big lavish booths.
The booth babes may not be there in as much capacity as they were at E3, and so I think the gamers might get disappointed.
So you think they'll have a lot of the same first-year issues that a lot of startup cons have, cons that we've seen in their first year that have needed room to grow, such as the Video Game Expo and Penny Arcade Expo and all those.
Exactly.
All right.
Well, thank you so much for your thoughts on the E3.
Now we're going around, we're going to poll everybody today, try to figure out definitively what, in your opinion, was the best game of 2006.
Okay, the best game, which is why I didn't vote for this in the best voice acting, is Oblivion.
And the reason that I'm saying Oblivion and not any of those first-person shooters that I'm sure everybody else is saying is because I have watched my girlfriend play this game for well over 200 hours.
Wow.
She's
She's beaten the game like twice.
She's gotten all the achievements, but she still keeps on going back in and saying, oh, there's another dungeon I can go loot.
It's all the add-ons, right?
Right.
Well, it's not even just the add-ons.
She'll finish the add-ons and then just keep on going and finding new dungeons.
And she's been playing for over 200 hours.
So my thing is any game that is offline single player that can hook you in that much, just like a World of Warcraft or an EverQuest could do,
That deserves props.
Because I don't think people are playing Gears of War single player offline for over 200 hours and still finding new things to do.
Alright, interesting perspective.
How about the worst game of 2007?
Or 2006?
We don't know 2007 yet, but worst game of 2006?
Sonic the Hedgehog.
Ooh, ouch.
Any particular platform or just in general?
Just in general.
What went wrong?
Sonic the Hedgehog used to be so rad.
3D.
Oh.
But this isn't the first Sonic 3D game.
You can go all the way back to Sonic on the Genesis.
But that's where it went wrong.
It was great as a 2D game, but I don't think it's working too well as a 3D game.
And I liked Sonic Adventure, but it was no original Sonic.
All right.
Alright, well, I don't think you'll be the only one to pick that as the worst game of the year.
Looking forward to 2007, you know, you do a lot of work with independent press, and certainly, you know, Orange Lounge being in this all-games thing, and all-games interactive, and your own show, kind of all pushing towards this independent, you know, news going into 2007.
What do you think the impact is going to be of the independent gaming press in 2007?
Do you think they're going to be more relevant, less relevant?
Do you think their credibility was damaged in 06?
What do you think is going to happen in 07 with the independent media?
and so on.
We're not as in the pocket as the mainstream press.
We will actually say what we feel instead of what they want us to say about a game that's in a preview.
And so it's really going to be interesting.
It depends on how the companies react to the independent press.
But Microsoft gets it.
I think Nintendo is trying to get it, but I think they're failing right now based on some of the other independent press that I've talked to.
And Sony, who knows?
Sony just needs any press right now, any good press they can get.
All right, well, tell us a little something about your show.
We want to let all our guests pimp their show, so tell us a little something about your show.
Okay, well, it's the Bobby Blackwolf Show.
We do it Sunday nights at 8 p.m.
Eastern, 5 p.m.
Pacific, and we try our hardest to end right when Orange Lounge Radio starts.
We're on All Games Radio.
We broadcast live on All Games Radio over at allgames.com.
and DarkSakura.com.
XNA Game on Live XNA Game on Live
Not on live arcade, but there are people that have already created games using the beta XNA because it's been out since September.
You don't think anyone's going to break through that barrier?
Not to get on live arcade.
Thanks for watching!
and put them on like a PlayStation Underground CD.
Ah, that would be kind of, hey, that would give some of those gaming CDs a little something extra as opposed to the same demos you can download online.
That's a good idea.
Right, because the thing that sets XNA apart from like Xbox Live Arcade is because Xbox Live Arcade, you know, has like that 50 meg barrier.
Well, you have two gigs with XNA.
So most people making XNA games probably wouldn't be able to condense it down to an Xbox Live Arcade executable.
Hmm.
All right.
So it may have to be on CDs.
All right.
Well, I look forward to hearing more about this progress on your program, Bobby.
Yep.
Bobby Blackwolf, always a good friend of the show.
Thanks so much for being here, and happy 2006, and best to come for you in 2007.
Yeah, thank you, and Happy New Year to all y'all.
All right.
Thanks so much to Bobby for coming on the show.
It's Best Voice Acting in Bye Bye E3 were the topics he pulled out of that box.
So it's kind of sad, though, that E3 is going to be different.
It's not going to be the big deal it was before, but I don't know.
What do you guys think about that whole thing?
Well, hopefully they'll do that.
Well, they have a bunch of alternate kind of events going on around that time anyways, and if anything, I think the lack of the official E3 will bring more gaming events, hopefully some in Northern California, and more is better, I think.
Big thanks to Bobby for coming on the show.
We've actually been working with Bobby pretty much all year.
We joined the All Games community probably back in January or February, I believe, is when we joined up.
We've really had a good year working with Bobby's show and got to meet him in E3.
He's a good guy.
Very knowledgeable.
You know what my other favorite thing of 2006 was?
Meeting Bobby and Scott and Lawrence for the first time in San Jose.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I don't know.
I don't know if I get this.
But then having actually met him and interacted with him, not only is he so knowledgeable with games and just has a real passion for games, but you kind of learn more about how TV can really alter the perception of what a real person is.
And I know some other hosts, previous hosts on G4 Network across the board get some bad raps sometimes.
Like Tommy Tallarico, I met him at E3, and you would think watching him on TV, like, what a pompous ass.
But no, he's actually really cool.
He's really nice.
And so I really enjoyed that.
So it's pretty cool.
All right.
Jamie, who's coming on next?
That would be DMN from STFU.
DarkSakura and Loki
That was actually quite a fun time, despite all the crap that I did talk on the episode I appeared.
Well, did you have a good time handing out the cookies and everything to the Wii line waiters when we did that whole thing?
Oh yeah, that was a blast.
Alright, here's how it's going to work, DMN.
We have 14 cases for you to pick from, and inside the case is a game category and news topic we want your opinion on.
So what's it going to be, 1 through 14?
Big bucks, no whammies, 14.
14, here we go.
Alright, your topic is game I most want a sequel for in 2007.
This is a no-brainer.
Sneak King.
Sneak King!
Why Sneak King?
Well, I got a chance to play it over the weekend, and I have to say that for $4, it's ridiculously simple and actually a lot of fun.
And I need another game to buy my dad to scare the crap out of him from 407, so...
You know what's interesting is that game being $4 was better than some of the games that, you know, we were paying $5, $10, $8, $6, depending on what system it was.
It was better than a lot of the games we were paying more money for.
It was better than a lot of the games that were retailing for $40, which is kind of scary.
That's true, that's true, because when you consider there's certain games, now I don't want to name names, but Bomberman X Zero, that they're charging $60 for.
Don't knock the hedgehog, I'm sorry.
Well, we'll get to what you think is the worst game a little later in the show.
So, Sneak King.
You want to see Sneak King 2 in 2017?
I do, and I think Burger King would be smart to do it because those games are actually outselling Gears of War.
Well, but wait a minute, though.
That's a little bit of a warped statistic because you're putting the three games together.
That's still pretty good.
Yeah, it's still not bad.
They're selling over a million copies combined, which is incredible.
Yeah, that's still not bad.
Do you think that there's another commercial entity that Microsoft should be hooking up with?
Ugh.
I don't know.
No, I don't know.
I like Burger King just because the king scares the crap out of everybody.
I really don't see any other corporate icons.
It did have a pretty freaky opening movie.
Oh yeah.
Maybe the Jack thing from Jack in the Box.
That guy's kind of creepy too.
That might work.
Alright, here's the news topic we want your opinion on.
Of course, PlayStation 3, very controversial device this year.
Specifically, the Blu-ray shortages.
The Blu-ray diode shortages causing there to be delays in PlayStation 3s this year.
Was it a good idea for Sony to include the Blu-ray with their console?
I think it was inevitable.
I don't think Sony...
and so on.
Thanks for watching!
How important do you think it is in the war on HD DVD that Blu-ray is waging?
Do you think that being in the PlayStation 3 gives it an edge in that war?
Yes, I do.
I think mainly because the higher, I won't say the higher end because we all know the first generation players are crappy, but the higher priced ones are about $1,000 whereas the low end PS3 is $500 which is half the price
and it's about the price of a pretty good HD DVD player.
So Sony was smart in releasing at least a $500 price point on one of the versions of the PlayStation 3 to keep up with the HD DVD war.
But looking at it, it's about $500 if you get a 360 and an HD DVD drive.
So it's the same thing.
We'll see what happens in 2007.
What Blu-ray movie are you wanting to see really bad?
Anything?
Talladega Nights.
I have no interest to see anything really in Blu-ray or HD DVD yet.
I'm looking forward to seeing Silent Hill at some point.
Because that should be second.
I did say over the weekend I did see Batman Begins on HD DVD and it looked really amazing.
Alright, we'll see.
Alright, we're also taking everybody's opinion and counting it up by the end of the show.
What do you believe was the best game of 2006?
The best game of 2006 was not a console game.
It was actually a handheld game.
I believe that New Super Mario Bros.
is the game of the year.
New Super Mario Bros.
game of the year.
Now, this is something I'm seeing in a lot of top ten lists, but I'm not seeing take the cake in many polls.
Why does this game take the cake for you?
Well, if you've seen throughout maybe the past five, six years, any Mario game that's come out, either has the word party after it, either has something to do with sports, or is a 3D adventure that's awful.
It was a breath of fresh air, I think, across all sorts of levels to see a 2D platformer that was fun and somewhat challenging.
Alright, what do you think was the worst game of 2006?
That's a tough call.
I would have to say... Yikes.
You must have played quite a few bad ones.
Oh, you have no idea.
I would have to say...
This did come out in 2006, technically.
I would have to say Chibi-Robo.
What's this?
Chibi-Robo.
It was released in Europe in 2006.
Oh, okay.
Why this game?
It felt like it was ripping off Katamari Damacy a little bit, and while it was a good idea on paper, it was executed poorly.
All right.
Well, that's one vote for Chibi-Robo.
Is that it?
Yes.
All right.
Chibi-Robo.
Chibi-Robo.
I've never even heard of that.
I love bad games.
I'll have to look that up.
It's for the GameCube.
All right.
Hey, I got a question for you also about 2007.
Now, you know, I know you've got a lot of loyalty to Nintendo because, you know, you work for Nintendo.
So let me ask you specifically about Sony versus Microsoft because Nintendo has kind of decided to go in this whole different direction with the Wii thing.
So where do you see the Sony-Microsoft war headed in 2007?
I see it headed towards new formats.
I think Microsoft's going to be...
They're going to try to make some point of making games for that HD DVD drive to sell it.
I think Sony is going to be a lot more focused on the PS3.
I think one with their marketing campaigns and just the complete lack of games for their PSP, they need to scrap that.
As I've said on my own show, that thing needs to be dead by the end of 07 because the more money Sony puts into that portable...
and they're going to lose even more money on it.
So you think the PSP is a done deal?
There's talk about they should re-release a PSP Lite kind of thing like Nintendo did, but you say no.
Scrap it all.
If you release a PSP Lite, I don't know what you're going to do.
I don't know how you're going to make that thing any thinner or more portable because the thing's already... You can hold it enough and the screen's so big and I know Sony's not going to want to sacrifice dumbing down that screen
I realize we're talking kind of the end of 2006 here, but do you think Metal Gear Portable Ops gave the system the kick in the pants it needed?
No.
No, you don't think it's enough?
No.
Alright.
Well, quick, give us a plug for your show, DMN, that you have here on Orange Launch Radio.
Yeah, you guys need to listen Thursdays at 7pm, Saturdays at 2pm, STFU with myself and DJ Tyrant.
It's a lot quicker than this show is.
What are you trying to say?
Hey, what are you trying to call small?
Yeah.
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Thanks for watching!
DDR cups?
Yeah, he sent this picture of a DDR cup from Burger King for no reason to my phone.
I want a DDR cup.
Do they have those plastic cups, or is it just their normal cardboard cup?
I think it's plastic.
I'd have to check the picture again.
You know what's funny, though, is actually since I do this retail site training for Microsoft, and they have free things.
When you go through their training program, you can buy little tchotchkes and stuff, and they have an Xbox 360 Tumblr glass thing.
I was thinking about buying that.
She'd get one of those.
By the way, while we're talking about DDR cups, we want to give a huge Orange Lounge Radio thank you to our listener, Misty, who sent us a copy of the DDR soundtrack that they're selling at Burger King.
And not only that, but Misty's always been a really great supporter of Orange Lounge Radio.
She sent us a gift certificate for Live 365.
So January is Misty month on Live 365 because essentially she's paid for it.
So we wanted to say thanks to Misty.
And she also sent us samples of the jewelry she's been making.
She's been making OL Army jewelry and selling it on our forums.
And we gave the OL Army one to Jamie for her cell phone, and she's been using that.
It's on my phone.
It's oranging it up.
So thank you, everybody.
Thank you, Misty.
Thank you.
Thank you.
All right.
And thank you, DMN, also, as well, for coming to visit and that Wii line.
When we went out and gave the cookies and soda to the Wii line.
That was fun.
We met so many cool people.
I hope some of them are still listening to the show.
I saw, was it the one chick that he gave, was it a hat to?
Yeah.
I saw her at GameStop the other day.
Really?
Yeah.
Did she recognize you at all?
No.
I didn't say anything because I'm an ass and I don't, I don't.
Talk to people, but I saw her and I recognized her.
She was in line with me and Chris.
Yeah, she was cool.
She was hanging out with us.
Damn it, we should have emailed her and brought her on the show.
Oh, well, we'll get her next time.
Well, if I see her again, I'll say hi.
All right, you do that.
All right, in the meantime, let's say hi to some more guests.
Jamie, who's coming on next?
That would be John and Michelle from Video Game Outsiders.
All right, and we're joined on the line by Michelle and John from the Video Game Outsiders.
You guys there, Michelle, John?
We're here.
Hey, how you guys doing?
What's up, you mother?
Happy 2006, soon to be 2007 to you.
That's right.
Now, 2006 has been a really good year for you guys, huh?
It has.
We've actually kind of gone beyond what we thought we would do with this little podcast here, and we're enjoying it.
Yeah, awesome.
You guys just recently won like an Xbox award, right?
We did.
Podcast of the Year.
How about that, huh?
Very cool.
Congratulations, you guys.
That's awesome.
Thank you.
It was definitely a shock.
Was that something that was like community-based?
Were the community voted, or was that like an editorial?
It was voted by people who listen to gaming podcasts, I guess, and that's why it was important to me.
It wasn't just some
DarkSakura.com.
www.DarkSakura.com
So ladies first, Michelle, why don't you give me a box number 1 through 13.
We'll take a look at what's inside.
I'll take number 4.
All right, box number 4.
Let's have a look.
All right, the category we would like to know your opinion on, best graphics in a game in 2006.
The best graphics of any game in 2006.
Best graphics in a game.
I have to give it to a game I actually do not like, Gears of War.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Exactly.
Well, that's a big relief because at our show we had a lot of people writing in like, how dare you hate this game and you're crazy.
Stop playing your Tom Clancy stuff.
Tell them to sit down.
People like what they like.
Exactly.
I liked it, but the graphics were amazing, so that's my pick.
Hey, John, since you're on the line, you want to buy into this too?
What do you think is the best graphics?
You know what?
I definitely agree with Gears of War.
The second game that comes to mind, though, is definitely, I think, Splinter Cell is a close second.
Double agent.
But yeah, Gears of War, I'd say, is definitely the best looking game of the year.
Without a doubt.
What is it about Splinter Cell that makes it stand out to you?
You know, personally I was a little disappointed with Splinter Cell.
I thought that the multiplayer just was horrible compared to what they did in the past.
I loved Chaos Theory.
Yeah, and it was a huge step backwards.
But visually, I just, you know, I look at like Sam's noggin on the screen with all the sweat and the detail and the stubble.
The lighting.
I just love the character models in that game.
So it definitely stands out for me.
Alright, very cool.
Well, now, you not only have a pretty big category there, but you have a really big news topic we want to know your opinion on for the year, Michelle.
And this is a news topic that seems to be something that keeps going on and on and on throughout the year.
And it's somebody we don't refer to by name here on this program, but we'll call him Tack Johnson.
Okay.
Alright, you know this guy, right?
He's somewhat of a bully in the legal sense.
And remember, he actually went to court to try to stop the game Bully on the PlayStation 2 from even coming out.
What is it about this guy you think?
Why do you think this guy keeps wanting to pick on us gamers?
Why won't he just leave us alone?
Well, you know, that's funny because a long time ago on our show, I mentioned this kind of violence in video games, and I mentioned the game Bully, and John and Kyle, the other hosts, shot me down.
They're like, oh, nothing's become of that, and that's a fine game.
It's really not that bad.
But, you know, the angle of that with the school kids, and I think that that's what's really getting this guy going.
But to me, it's fine.
I grew up playing violent video games, and I feel guilty when I kill a gnat, so I think the guy needs to back off.
I kind of have an opinion about this.
I think it all comes down to parenting and parents and all that in general.
And I think that these are just like campaign issues.
I know Hillary Clinton kind of lashed onto this as a campaign issue.
And I think like the soccer moms, I don't want to get political here.
Soccer?
I think that there's a certain demographic that don't know enough about video games and they just hear this stuff and they say, oh yeah, we should get on board with this and we should ban this too.
It's a bunch of crap.
And Jack Thompson doesn't know a dick about video games.
He didn't even play Bull.
He already decided that he hates it.
It's probably one of Rockstar's tamest titles.
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
What do you think recently, and this is all kind of recently in the November, December of the year, it's kind of been that Hillary and, who's the other guy, Lieberman, have seemed to come out kind of embracing the ESRB, like almost that there's been a change in attitude, a little bit.
We don't trust Lieberman.
I'm from Connecticut, and he ran as an independent, so we all were like, whoever, who cares?
First of all, I want to back up here and say, you know, our podcast is not political at all.
Yeah, we try not to go there because we get the mail too, yeah.
Take us down a road that we never go down.
We just want to have fun.
But yeah, I think this whole Yashar Bain thing is a joke.
Unless the retailers really enforce it, it's absolutely meaningless.
I see these kids trying to buy Grand Theft Auto all the time, and I think most of them succeed.
Some 50-year-old fat housewife at Walmart is going to sell the kid the game.
It's on eBay anyway.
These days it's really hard to control that.
Right.
All right, all right.
We better get off this political road because I can see people emailing us already.
I don't want to go down there.
All right, all right.
Let's go to another box.
John, it's your turn.
Go and pick a box.
One through 12 now.
Only through 12.
How about seven?
All right, box number seven.
Let's take a look.
Most hilarious video game of 2006.
Most hilarious.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It's just got this twisted art direction, which I kind of appreciate.
They really create these little mutant-looking rabbit characters, and you just kind of throw it in this little rabbit world, and it's just very bizarre.
And it's funny, and I think that's all I can say.
All right, very cool.
Michelle, would you agree, or do you have a different pick?
for me I'm going to have I don't know if this is on the console or anything I'm going to have to go with officiallinewriter.com what?
yes it's a little web game of this guy that's on a sled and he goes flying around and I laughed for like an hour when I first played this game well you're simple we'll take it it's PC gaming we'll take it
It's a little PC game, I'm telling you, and it's a gem.
Try it out and you'll get a good laugh.
All right, awesome.
All right, yeah, you know, I was trying to pull up Line Rider on the Wii when the browser came out, but now I guess since they're going to make it an official game, they locked everybody out.
Yeah, I can't wait for that.
Yeah, it's a Flash issue because the Wii only supports Flash 7 or older, and that's like in Flash 9 or something.
Oh, we had thought that they shut people out because they're going to be releasing the full version later on as a game.
Oh, it's a newer Flash version, yep.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura.com
and for about a month, people were running wild like, oh my gosh, Microsoft's going to enter the handheld market.
They're going to obliterate the PSP and the DS and da, da, da.
And then it turns out the Origami is just pretty much this fancy schmancy PC and that's why the screenshot of Halo was on it.
So this kind of bears the question about Microsoft entering the handheld market.
Is this something Microsoft ought to consider in 2007?
Yes, I would definitely say so.
I'm a Nintendo fanboy.
The DS Lite has sold 34 million units compared to the PSP, which is like 18 million.
Nintendo owns that category, and I think that there's definitely a need still for a portable for an older market.
The Nintendo is young and skews a little bit older, but
DarkSakura.com
Do you think that's something they might end up trying to do with Zune because of the iPod games and everything?
I do think that because the thing about the Xbox is that you can download movies now.
No music is around the corner.
The thing is you can't get it off the console.
You can't take it with you.
So some device is going to enable that, be it the Zune or this other device that comes.
So I think that's all part of the big picture.
I definitely do.
Alright, Michelle, what are your thoughts?
Microsoft, they need a handheld?
I think they should really get into it because although the Nintendo DS is very cool, I do not like playing multiplayer on it because of the little friend code thing.
Now, one thing Microsoft does and does well is the Xbox Live community and if they could get that on a handheld, I would definitely pick it up because to be able to just get up and go and play with your friends no matter where you are, that's something that the DS just doesn't have.
If you remember, the DS didn't even get online for about a year and a half.
Yep, exactly.
I'd agree with you there that Xbox definitely knows what they're doing when it comes to the online stuff.
Yep.
Very good.
All right, well, one more question for you guys.
Actually, two.
It's a two-parter.
We want to know, because we're taking a tally all day long, what do you guys believe is the best game of 2006?
Michelle, we'll start with you.
Michelle, what do you think is the best game of 2006?
Well, for multiplayer, I'm going to give it to Rainbow Six Vegas, but I want to talk about single player, because to me, I was not into single player games until this game came along, and it's Oblivion.
I've spent countless hours, and I even played the game twice, and it just really, everybody I ever talked to kind of liked the game, except for people who didn't have time for it, so it seemed to have something for everyone.
Yeah.
Worst game, do you want me to go right into?
Sure, why not?
We'll take your worst game.
What do you think, Michelle?
Worst game is going to be, although there were worse games, it's going to be Gears of War because I had the most hype.
Yes, because I wanted that to be good because it had the capability to be good and it just wasn't.
and DarkSakura.com.
because when I looked at E3, I thought, boy, the cover, it seems so neat how one button will do all this stuff.
But then when I actually sat down and played it, I was like, I don't like this.
I want to just run out there and start shooting people like Quake or Halo.
All right.
John, what do you think was the best game of 2006?
My favorite game by far this year so far is Zelda for the Wii, Twilight Princess.
Definitely the best single player game of the year.
It's just absolutely immersive.
The art direction, the plot, everything about it I just absolutely love.
It's what I live for.
And then my favorite multiplayer game, I agree with Michelle, it's Rainbow Six Vegas with a close second Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter because I think at the end of the day that's the game I probably played the most this year is Ghost Recon.
All right, interesting.
All right, so we'll put you down for it because I think it sounds like you're very passionate about the Zelda, so we'll put that down as the single best game.
Yes, very much so.
Yeah, I would say so.
All right.
Worst game.
You want to hear my totem ball?
What the hell is that?
I wonder when someone was going to go to the Xbox Live and some of their questionable picks this year.
So even though the game was free, you still say it's not worth being free.
Yes, it was an embarrassment to Xbox Live.
I'll give you that.
You know, what is it about camera games anyway?
Everybody seems to want to do camera games, but it seems to me like no one's done it right.
Well, the eye toy, the Sony eye toy was pretty successful, though.
It was successful, but how fun was it, really?
I know.
Yeah, exactly.
Fun for like an hour, and then it kind of, I don't know, the thrill is lost.
It's a novelty.
Well, hey, best of luck to you guys in 2007.
Tell our listeners really quick who may not be familiar with your program, tell them a little bit about your show.
We have a really stupid podcast.
Oh, stop.
Basically, we have a very relaxed kind of podcast in the atmosphere of you're just kind of talking with your friends.
We're not game experts.
We're not in the industry.
and we have a really great forum and community and I think that's what makes our show so great as well.
Yeah, we have awesome listeners and there's actually a third host who's not here, Kyle Jones, and he's Canadian.
Yeah, she's our resident Canadian.
So check us out, VideoGameOutsiders.com.
We have a forum.
You can download the episodes and all that, show archives, blah, blah, blah.
VideoGameOutsiders.com Alright, very cool.
Check that out you guys.
It's VideoGameOutsiders.com.
Congratulations to you guys on an awesome 2006.
Thanks for coming on our program tonight.
We appreciate it.
Thanks for having us.
And we'll see you in 2007.
Awesome.
Happy New Year.
We definitely want to thank John and Michelle for coming on from VideoGameOutsiders.com.
You know, that was one of those people that we contacted.
We really didn't know them, but we just kind of thought we'd get along with them just because, hey, you know, it's two guys and a girl that do their show, and they all met through a gaming community, and we know some of our listeners are in common.
So it was very cool of them to come on without really maybe knowing who we were.
I don't know if they knew beforehand or what.
So that was just very cool.
And I got to say, that Michelle, she's got some pretty big balls, naming Gears of War the worst game of the year.
Well, I mean, it was kind of a disappointment sometimes, but maybe I need to play it more.
I know it's fucking hard, though.
Like, all my coworkers that bought that game said, my God, this game is so fucking hard.
I'm playing it on easy, and I can't fucking pass the goddamn beginning of the game.
No, I mean, I can't say I disagree with her.
I don't know if I would have called it the worst game of the year, but definitely one of the biggest disappointments for me, personally.
You know what?
I'm going to go on the record saying I think the best game of next year is going to be Earth Defense Force 2017.
What?
It's an awesome game.
You're fighting giant ants and robots and stuff.
Okay, maybe it's not the best game, but it's a game I want.
All right.
Well, thanks again to those guys over at VideoGameOutsiders.com.
They're pretty rad.
They just need to release the whole Simple 2000 series over here.
That would be fun.
All right.
You're looking at this whole other world right now, Loki.
As usual.
All right, who's our next interview?
The next one is Brad from PodCulture.
and I'm joined here by Brad from PodCulture.
Welcome to the program, Brad.
How you doing?
I'll beat you, Kane.
Hey, now this is a little different because PodCulture, not exactly exclusively a games podcast, but you're still a games fan, yes?
Oh, yeah.
What kind of stuff do you talk about over there on PodCulture, for those that don't know?
Basically just geek life.
You know, it's me, a friend of mine I've known for, I guess, almost 20 years now, and my girlfriend, and the three of us...
Just sit around and talk about what TV we're watching, what games we're playing, what movies we're watching, that kind of stuff.
Sounds just like what we do here but a little more geeky.
More in the pop culture business, so I guess.
Nothing wrong with that.
Well, thanks for coming on the show today, Brad.
And we want to play a little game with you.
And it's called the Year 2006 in Review.
So we have 11 boxes left.
Why don't you pick one of those boxes, 1 through 11.
We'll open it up and see what's inside.
Number 9.
All right, number 9.
Here we go.
The best puzzle game of 2006.
Are you a big puzzle game fan?
I like some of them, yeah.
All right.
Well, did you have a particular favorite that you would call the best puzzle game of 2006?
Well, I don't know if it came out in 2006, but I started playing it in 2006.
We'll take it.
Astro Pop.
Astro Pop.
I believe technically that was a release this year.
So on Xbox Live Arcade.
Yeah.
Interesting choice, because some of those PopCap games, some folks say they don't belong on Xbox Live.
What is it about the Astro Pop game that you like so much?
Well, it's, I have ADD when it comes to games, so when it comes to trying to play something for a long time, I kind of lose interest in it a lot.
So, you know, pick that up and just run with it.
So Astro Pop's one of those games that you really sit down and you only play it for a little while at a time.
I haven't got any on Astropop.
That's a tough game.
All right, well, we also want to know your opinion on a particular news topic, and the one we have in box number nine is the PlayStation 3 line versus the Wii line.
Of course, in November, big, big console launches, and you hear about this violent outbreak.
I think there was this comic that put it so well, is that there was this violent outbreak going on in the PlayStation 3 lines where people were getting shot and pushed into telephone poles.
And then you go to the Wii line, and it's like people are wearing buttons that say, free hugs.
and it's just, you know, Kumbaya and everything.
Why do you think there was such a radical difference between the two lines this year?
I don't know if it's just that the Nintendo's more of a fun system versus the hardcore gamers on the P3 or what.
I really don't know.
Nintendo's always had more of a fun thing around their system.
It's been less...
Hardcore gamers than the PlayStations have been.
At least to me, anyway.
So you think maybe when you say it's more fun, maybe the fact that there were more people in the Wii line that were really dedicated and you knew that those people were going to be playing the Wii versus the eBaying that they say was going on in the PlayStation 3 line where half those people were camping to put it on eBay.
Yeah, and you're looking at it where the system costs half as much too.
More people are going to be able to afford to
and DarkSakura.com
You're only talking a couple of days there, really.
I guess that's true.
It was, what, a week, maybe a week, a couple of days?
About like four days, yeah.
I guess that's true.
All right, well, hey, just out of curiosity, did you end up waiting in line for one of these systems?
No, I've never been a get-it-at-the-moment kind of guy.
It's only been within the past four or six months that I've even got an Xbox 360.
So you're going to wait this little war out and see what happens, huh?
Yeah, I didn't feel like fighting the crazy lines to get a Wii.
I thought about getting a Wii, but I kind of looked around and then the day they went on sale, I had to work anyway.
And by the time I got off, everybody had sold them all out at the Targets.
Do you think if there wasn't all this craziness around the Wii still that you might have one right now?
If I had $250, yeah, you betcha I'd have one.
I guess this is the wrong time of year to be asking right after Christmas.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Alright, well thanks so much for your opinion.
We want to get your opinion on a couple more things here real quick.
We also want to know, we're taking a poll all night long, what do you believe was the best video game of 2006?
And your opinion using whatever criteria you want.
The best video game that I've gotten, and this is kind of weird because it conflicts with my ADD and games, but Phantasy Star Universe.
I've loved that whole series and I picked that up because I love the Dreamcast version and
and all that and I picked up PSU and I've had a blast with that.
Are you playing more of the single player or more of the online in that game?
About 50-50.
Maybe a little more online.
This game was a little bit, I think, overlooked.
I agree that Phantasy Star Universe is actually a much better title than I think a lot of people are giving it credit for, in my opinion.
I think part of the reason people are overlooking it is because it came out right around the same time that you had Final Fantasy XII, a real powerhouse RPG on Sony's PlayStation.
Do you think people are overlooking this game?
Well, as far as I can remember, Phantasy Star hasn't been the big
Blowout, you know, that hadn't had the fanboy following maybe that Final Fantasy has.
I see.
So what is it about Phantasy Star Universe that appeals you to that game as opposed to a game like Final Fantasy XII?
Well, having never played any of the Final Fantasy games.
Wow.
It's just, you know, I create my own character, I go through it, and it's not, it doesn't seem to be as complex, or at least the...
Phantasy Star Online didn't seem to be as complex.
Now Phantasy Star Universe is a little more...
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
Oh, the worst game, it's weird because it's a fun game, but it's the worst controls, is Sneak King.
Oh, Sneak King, worst game.
Why'd you say Sneak King?
Because it's hard as hell to control that damn thing, at least to me.
So even for $4, it's too much, you think?
$4 is $4.
That's not that big of a deal, but it's hard as hell to discontrol it.
Do you think it was a little bit of a throwaway title just because of the commercial tie-in that maybe the people who developed it thought, eh, you know, it's a $4 game.
We don't need to purchase it.
Oh, exactly.
All right.
I guess the quality showed up there in the end.
All right, well, thank you for sharing your opinion with us there.
So we've got Phantasy Star Universe and Sneak King for best and worst of 2006, and we'll tally it up throughout the night and see where we end up.
Brad, what are your plans for 2007 with PodCulture?
Just going to kind of keep on doing the same old, same old, or any big things coming up for 2007?
We've tweaked the format a little bit.
We're starting to go weekly rather than biweekly.
with the show, and who knows what lies in the future.
Trying to get the word out and getting some more people listening to the show.
Awesome.
Well, get the word out right now.
Tell them how they can tune in to PodCulture for some more geek and sci-fi chat.
Be over at podculture.net.
All right.
And there's three or four different ways to subscribe to it.
Got an iTunes link, audio link.
and just the regular RSS feed and we're listed on Dig and PopCurrent and all that fun stuff.
All right.
Go give them a dig.
PodCulture.net.
Brad, thanks so much for coming and joining us on the show.
I know you've been a long-time listener of Orange Lounge and we appreciate the support and we're glad to have you on to support your independent program as well.
Thank you very much.
Big thanks to Brad from PodCulture for coming on the air.
And a little birdie told me that we might be doing some more work with PodCulture in 2007, so stay tuned.
And I liked having Brad on, and I know some of you guys might think, boy, Brad kind of had some interesting choices there.
But keep in mind, this is about giving every gamer their voice, from the casual gamer to the hardcore gamer.
So we don't want to just bring on a bunch of hardcore gamers, but it's important.
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
and DarkSakura.
I'm thinking, you know, there's a lot of people that, you know, they shuffle into a bus and go to a casino, you know.
If you can bring that experience home, you'll maybe have the Wii puff out some cigarette smoke.
Maybe that's that hidden feature of the Wii no one knows about yet.
It'll blow smoke in your face.
You are so strange.
All right.
Anyway, we're going to take a little detour here because we're going to bring on some more people in segment B of our show.
But first, it would not be...
I blame you for this, Rob.
I blame you for this so hardcore.
This, uh, the site of the week is one that, uh, Rob turned me onto.
It's the Catterday Live Journal community.
Which I've been looking over and, yeah, I love Catterday.
The sole reason I still really go to 4chan anymore is for Catterday.
So this one, um, is community.livejournal.com slash Catterday, C-A-T-T-U-R-D-A-Y.
And, uh,
I'm looking at one right now that has a cat with one of those frilly head things and a little wand.
It says, ban your fairy kitty, plot your death for this.
Fantastic.
I'm thinking in 2007 we ought to just change the name of the segment to DarkSakura's Cat Picture Site of the Week.
No, no, no.
Because that's all you ever pick.
No, no, no, no, no, because I also pick Doctor Who sites.
That's true.
God forbid they come out with a Cat Doctor Who site.
or Doctor Who gets a little cat companion.
No, because he doesn't like cats.
Well, what a bastard.
Look, I've got to say, though, in all honesty, you may think Jamie's a little weird for her Doctor Who obsession, but she finally did her best to make me a Doctor Who fan this week, and it's actually kind of working.
We've been watching season one, and we're, what, like five episodes in?
And I actually really enjoy it.
It's a really good show.
It really is good.
I'm enjoying it a lot.
We're more than that.
We're on the...
The Daleks
X-Terminate.
You can't do a Doctor Who MMO anymore.
You know the reason why I love the British version of Queer as Folk is I have a total crush on Vince, who is the nerdy one there.
I don't like the other guy.
I know.
He's a stew-ass.
Stew-ass?
Stew-ass.
All right.
Anyway, but I've got to say that I like the BBC Queer as Folk more than the American one because it was over in like eight episodes, which is better.
I've only seen one episode of the U.S.
one, and that was with the lesbians getting married.
Oh, isn't that sweet?
Anyway, before this show gets any gayer, we better take a break.
And we'll be back here on Orange Lounge Radio Part B to talk more about the year in review.
Stay tuned.
We have Travis Donovan from Travis Donovan Live coming on.
We have some folks from Destructoid.com.
We love that blog.
And Gamertag Radio getting some representation up in Part B. Stay tuned.
We'll be back after this.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcast to the world twice a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
