Tonight, December 3rd, 2006, did corporate shuffles at Sony tell us the future of PS3?
Halo 3 releases beta information?
And did Capcom finally listen to complaints on small text?
Orange Lounge Radio Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
That's right, we're back after having...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I'm supposed to still be asleep right now.
Does 12.30 count as morning?
Probably not.
It's more afternoon.
But for us, on a Saturday, it's morning.
Morning is perception.
Exactly.
Say hello to another not-so-morning person, Loki.
I'm awake.
I know.
You're up and at them.
We just all ate, too.
We had a nice company brunch.
It was fun.
You count my hard-boiled egg and potato pancakes.
It was good stuff.
Anyway, so we're well fed and ready to give you guys your own dosage of gaming news for the week.
But we always like to start it off with a little bit of how was your gaming week?
And since, you know, we weren't here last week, again, sorry about that.
But we had plans to pre-tape last week for the holiday and they got kind of screwed up by sickness or traffic because it took me about seven and a half hours to make a drive that you can usually be done in five.
And things along that nature, so...
We kind of got messed up.
So sorry about that, guys, that we're looking forward to a new show last week.
But, you know, considering that most shows like to rerun themselves into the ground, like the type you see on TV and maybe traditional radio, and the fact that otherwise I think we've been pretty good about giving new content every single week on the podcast.
I think one week off isn't going to kill us.
So anyway, enough about that.
Everyone got a good dose of Travis.
That's true.
Well, those that were listening live on Sunday got our lovely Travis who does the Saturday show on our live station.
All right.
Let's talk about gaming weeks.
Thanksgiving and the week after and all that stuff.
DarkSakura.
Well, Dan and I have been playing Zelda, but we're sort of holding off on it until we get our component cables because we want it to be nice and big and pretty on our TV.
I feel exactly the same way I do.
I'm not playing it until it's very, very pretty.
Well, I'm actually, for me, it's the story, because I adore the story, you know.
But Dan's like, oh, graphics, I'm like, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine.
Don't get me wrong, it's not a bad-looking game the way it is.
You know, it's just that, you know, we want it to look even better.
We want our first experience to be the best.
Well, we did get our PS3, and the first thing Dan did was pop in the Talladega Nights that comes with it.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I don't want to say, you know, go back to eating your crayons, but at the same time, it could go, but I still think HD is going to come out above it.
HD DVD.
How did you feel about the games?
Did you get a chance to look at any games?
We got Resistance.
Uh-huh.
How was that?
Oh, my God.
It made me so motion sick.
It's actually a pretty fun game.
I like shooting the zombie alien people in the head and setting fire to the pulsating pods on the ground.
I have to say, the thing that got me the most with that game is looking through a doorway in the distance to see more stuff in the distance.
I have to say, it didn't have much of the...
Much of the, I would say, the graphic issues I saw at E3, so I'm going to sort of, I said I would reserve my final judgment for actually seeing the games, and I have to say, that one at least left a good impression on me.
as it seems to be the popular choice amongst the must-have launch titles resistance.
Did you get a chance to look at any of the other stuff?
Not yet, not yet.
We're still not too excited about a lot of the launch titles, so we're going to hold off until better out.
How's the interface?
I hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate the internet thing on it.
Like the registration thing, I'm sorry.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So all that other crap I don't really care about.
So you haven't really done any of the other silly stuff like the photos or the music?
I have my Wii.
What do I need the PS3 for?
I have a Wii for all that.
So then you've been playing the Wii?
Yes.
I've actually been playing with Miichannel.
I made the doctor.
Okay, everybody who is on...
My friends list on my Wii is going to get my Mii of the Doctor.
Oh boy.
I need to figure out, I wish I could make a TARDIS.
I notice a lot of people are living out their fanboy and fangirl things through the Mii channel.
Because I'm looking at the parade, and I'm seeing lots of very strange type of Mii's.
Everything from... I have Kojima.
Yeah, I've seen everything from Hideo... I kidnapped Kojima from... I've seen everything from Hideo Kojima to Whoopi Goldberg.
Somebody made a Mii on my friends list from Whoopi Goldberg, and I'm like...
How bored are you people?
Well, I've been enjoying it.
Our neighbors have me's on my Wii.
Me's on my Wii.
But one thing I have to bring up just from my friends list on my live journal is that my mama's son, who lives in Alabama...
She posted the warning thing about the Wii about, you know, make sure you have the strap on or you'll swing it back and hit somebody in the head.
And so another friend of ours suggested that she replace Wii with penis.
So she typed it up that way.
And it actually makes perfectly good sense.
And we got into a big conversation about it this morning over AIM.
It was pretty funny.
So I've been playing a lot of Cooking Mama.
I can make really good curry now.
I could already make curry.
Have you been poking the steak?
Yes, I've been poking the steak.
Good.
I've been slicing the potatoes and grating the... Why is it that the potatoes look like carrots?
Have you been tending the garden?
Garden?
I haven't done that yet.
Never mind.
Whatever, okay?
I still have yet to play my Trauma Center.
Even though I put it in, I was like, oh, I'll play... And then I got distracted.
Trauma Center DS or Wii?
DS.
Oh.
I started playing the Wii and then I realized that Dan took the nunchuck with him to work.
So that means I have to go buy one, which has been stupid because I've been trying to look for one.
And nowhere has him.
And someone said Walmart.
And I'm like, I don't go to Walmart.
Christmas, Walmart.
People.
Stupid people.
So I've been, like, not going there.
And I played something else.
Oh, yeah, we got a new pinball machine.
I don't know if I mentioned this.
In the last few weeks, we got a creature from the Black Lagoon.
I've been playing a lot of Creature from the Black Lagoon.
Inside it has a holographic 3D creature, so it's Creature from the Black Lagoon in 3D, but you can make the creature pop up and get the multiball.
It has a very complex multiball.
We got a Rocky and Bullwinkle.
Dan is still trying to fix our hat trick.
On the back glass, the marquee, it has him pulling the rabbit out of the hat behind the marquee.
So he bought the parts and is trying to fix it.
I did find that the Wayback Machine on the pinball table has a little DeLorean right beside it.
from Back to the Future.
Cute.
Yeah, it was pretty funny.
And so that's been... I've done a lot of gaming, just it's been in concentrated doses.
I need to get back on PSU.
Alright.
Well, good luck with that.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
My week was okay.
I didn't play a whole lot.
I did play some of my Wii games.
More Excite Truck finished almost all that.
Finished the Normal Excite and the Super Excite mode.
Now I'm just getting S's in Super Excite 2.
Unlock the Mirror Tracks and stuff.
Not that I really care at this point.
Play the Burger King games.
All very, very creepy.
Pocket Bike Racer, very glitchy.
Getting stuck in walls and stuff.
Poorly designed tracks, but what do you expect for four bucks?
And then Big Bumpin' is kind of... It could be fun with four players.
We played it at three and it was okay.
We still didn't know what we were supposed to do for some of them, so...
That's the only thing that sucked.
But other than that, it's pretty fun.
And then more Grand Theft Auto, which, you know, it's starting to grow on us a little bit.
Still very, very glitchy.
Cars sticking out of the ground and stuff, crashing into visible objects and whatnot.
Other than that, just, yeah, Rayman's Raving Rabbids a little bit.
Just waiting for new games.
You know, I've heard a lot of really good things on the internet from my friends about Rayman's Raving Rabbids, but I seem to recall you weren't as big on it.
No, I was fine with Ranma.
It's just, you know, you have to unlock everything.
There is one thing, though, that's really broken on it, and that's the, like, bunny hunting, like, first-person shooter parts in it.
When you go to play them in, like, versus mode or, you know, the tournament play or whatever, you can't do four players at once, even though it's an option there.
I had four controllers plugged in, and it says, please plug in, you know, two or more controllers to play multiplayer.
I said, okay, hit A, and it just kicks it back out.
So that's broken on the game, and I'm surprised no one's really noticed this yet.
Are you sure you're not just doing something wrong?
I have four controllers plugged in.
It said plug in two or more controllers.
That's what I did, so... I don't know what they want, but whatever.
And so, you know, just kind of messing with that a little bit, and then...
I really haven't played too much else right now.
I might be selling back some more stuff.
I finished Oblivion.
I can't remember if I mentioned that last time.
Just waiting to get some new games.
You guys are going to laugh at me, but honestly, most of my gaming time has been on the Wii, but on those freaking virtual console games.
Which is so stupid that I bought this $250 console and I can't stop playing games that I could be playing for free on the computer and all this stuff.
I don't know why.
It's just like having that whole thing about having it back on the TV and being able to just kind of have the controller because it's all wireless and most of the virtual console games I've been playing are wireless.
I don't know why.
I'm such a sucker and I admit it.
I want to tease myself, but I can't.
I can't stop playing old school Zelda.
I'm just about done with the first quest on old school Zelda.
It's awesome.
When Mario Kart 64 comes out, it's on.
Oh, I hope so.
I hope so.
What else have I been playing?
Old School Sonic.
I bought Old School Sonic on Genesis, and I've been playing that, too.
And I got further... Usually, I think I never really got past Green Hill Zone, the level that everybody fucking played.
But I've actually been playing more of it, because I never owned a Genesis.
I only ever went to my friend's house.
I'm kind of wondering what they're going to look like on the...
Virtual Console with the component cables, because I remember at E3 they looked really good, like really vivid.
I think it'll be pretty sharp, but... My only bitch is that it wasn't smart enough to letterbox if you're on a widescreen, and I know you can change the settings on the TV, I'm not stupid, but I don't like, like, okay, our remote for the TV got misplaced, so it's a real bitch to change the aspect ratio.
So I kind of wish my Wii was smart enough to change it for me, you know, but it doesn't.
Thanks for watching!
You know, and that unfortunately happens with a lot of retro titles.
You download them, you go, why was I so into this?
Some of the later Bonk titles were good.
Yeah, maybe that's what it is, but the first one was not that great.
There's just no point, though, because honestly, everything that's on Virtual Console right now, I have.
But isn't it nice to just have it all right there?
I didn't have a Turbo FX, I didn't have a Genesis, so... Well, half of the fun for me, and it's the only reason why I'm not as much into emulators either, is because I just like hooking up the system and playing it.
I like having the right controller in my hand.
If something comes up on the virtual console that was really rare that I don't have, like say that they put, oh, Panorama Cotton.
Good luck.
That's what I'm saying.
Then maybe I will download something.
I see.
Well, maybe you can start a petition.
I want them to put Guardian Legend on Virtual Console.
Okay, I would download Guardian Legend.
You know what I don't understand is why it's taking them so long to put these stupid Virtual Console games on there.
I think it's one of those things where they're trying to spread it out to make it look like, hey, new stuff every week.
Kind of like how...
Just like how Microsoft does, you know, they're sitting on a few arcade games and they only release the one a week or whatever.
I imagine they go through the same QA process as most of their other games go through and all that other stuff.
So they probably have certification, all that crap.
So they probably are just testing to make sure the games actually work.
You know, because backwards compatibility issues that you've heard on other systems, you know, maybe they're just making sure.
Maybe if you wait long enough, you know, between games, you'll buy the crappy ones.
I don't know.
Well, my thought, okay, probably when the Metroid game comes out on Wii is when old school Metroid will be available.
And so, you know, they're probably going to do little things like that.
But it is very strange.
Where's Excitebike then?
It is very, yeah, it's true.
It is very strange that Japan's launch is like Uber.
If you look at their virtual console lineup, I mean, they got Castlevania 4 and like a bunch of stuff I would really want.
Like, if they had Castlevania 4 on virtual console, I'd be buying that shit right now.
Totally.
So...
Which I don't understand.
I mean, like, I have GameTap on the PC and you can play the first three Castlevanias there and other stuff.
You know, but I don't know what it is about the TV and the sound system and the... I'd love to curl up on the couch and play.
To be honest, I want the original games.
You know, like, games that they're making specifically for the virtual console.
That's what I would like to see instead of this retro stuff because I really just don't...
I bought Zelda, I bought Super Mario 64, have I played them?
Yeah, like twice.
And that's it.
I'm done with them already.
I do that for some titles.
Like SimCity, I played once or twice and that was it.
I bought like five virtual console games.
I bought SimCity, Mario Brothers, which was... I'm teasing myself.
Rob, you're so stupid for buying Mario Brothers.
It's been on like every single Game Boy Advance version of Mario, but it really is like one of my favorite 80s arcade games they ever put out was the old school Mario Brothers.
I have a lot of memories of that as a kid.
So maybe there's something to be said there.
But I bought those two.
I bought Bonk,
Zelda, and Sonic.
And I still want to get, like, Golden Axe.
And I'm going, Rob, why not just get that stupid Genesis collection on PS2 instead of buying these virtual console games?
I don't know.
I can't stop.
It's an addiction.
Addict.
Maybe I keep hoping they're going to add multiplayer later on.
I don't know.
Well, they said that they're going to be updating the virtual console games.
That's implied.
I don't think anyone at Nintendo said that.
That's implied.
Thanks for watching!
Out of Virtual Console games, Trauma Center, Second Opinion on Wii.
Now, see, understand I never played the DS one, so this is all new to me.
Graphically, the game is not so hot, but the game itself is so great.
The operation, everything, the Wii is awesome for a game like that, so I'm having fun with that.
And then I've been watching my roommate play Excite Trek.
You guys know Extifer, right?
He is obsessed with Excite Trek.
In fact, he's playing it now.
He's gotten all the Excite and Super Excite and everything.
He's working on Mirror Mode right now, which I guess is in the game too.
He's working on getting Mirror Mode.
He's getting S's in Super Excite.
Oh my gosh, this is crazy.
Every time I come home, there's Excite Truck going.
I found a fun peripheral for that.
What?
They have an actual wheel attachment for the Wiimote.
Oh, the GT game.
Won't work with Excite Truck.
Really?
Really?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
has it, you know, facing the top of the, you know, basically away, the wrong direction.
I think you can, I think that'll work in Excite Truck, though.
I think, because I seem to remember E3, that's how I was playing it.
I have to go back and find that video or picture of me playing E3, but at E3, that's how I was playing it.
Because I thought that's how you were supposed to hold it, was out, like where the, not where the controller was lying flat, but where the controller was facing you, and I think it still worked.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I just can't imagine this as a steering wheel.
I just need something to do the imagining for me.
As far as other games I've been playing, back over to the 360, I have been playing a little bit of Phantasy Star Universe.
I had to check out the new stuff when they added it.
And Burger King games, I actually checked out as well.
You know, they're all stupid, but considering the fact that they cost, you know, kind of less than an arcade game, I mean, it doesn't, it doesn't.
I mean, you have to buy the value meal, so the games aren't really four bucks.
The games are like eight bucks with food, you know, type thing.
So, but whatever, it's still a pretty decent value, all things considered.
and, you know, the games, you know, I think Sneak King was my favorite, as I imagine most people.
All very creepy, though.
And Pocket Bite Racer, not so much.
Wasn't feeling that one.
Big Bumpin' is somewhere in the middle.
Big Bumpin' is pretty easy to pick up and go, but... I hear it's great on live.
I bet, yeah.
I might have to check that out on live while I'm stealing your copies of those.
and try to get some of those achievements and what have you.
Super easy achievements for some of them.
Really?
Well, you got one for getting stuck on a wall.
I played like two courses on that Pocket Buy Racer before I kind of got fed up with it and I already had gotten like 30 points in achievements for doing nothing.
So it was interesting.
I'm not the achievement point whore you are though, Loki.
Maybe a little bit.
Let's see, what else?
Lastly, I would say I've been playing Viva Pinata.
I picked up last night.
It's interesting.
It's not what I thought it would be.
I mean, they told me it's kind of like The Sims and stuff, but I don't know.
I had something else pictured in my mind.
There's a lot that goes on in that game at once.
I don't know if it's just because I've been moving pretty fast, but if I was a kid, I'd be so lost in that game right now, I wouldn't be able to keep up with it.
But it seems like
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and she casts a little spell and she takes away your shovel.
And you're kind of screwed.
You have to have a shovel in that game to clear places for the house to go.
So I had to reset completely.
And Matt was just laughing the whole time.
Because it's fun to hit things with shovels.
Actually, I hope you don't mind.
There's one other thing I forgot.
What's that?
Dan's playing.
Okay, I'm done pretty much.
Bookworm Adventure.
Bookworm Adventure.
I read stories on the internet about Bookworm Adventure.
It's not one of those casual games like PopCap type games.
It's for kids.
But it's funny because Dan's like, this is actually getting challenging.
Maybe kids and my co-workers because tons of people at work, I walk around and I see them playing whether it be Bejeweled or Zuma or what's that other one?
I've been playing Bejeweled on my cell phone.
Collapse.
Well, it's funny, I was putting on my shoes to come over this morning, I was looking at, watching Dan play the game, and it sort of makes me think of sort of like Scrabble, almost, how you form your words out of the letters you're given.
But Dan's like, I have the XY sword, so if I use a word with an X or a Y, I do triple damage.
I'm like, okay.
Oh, he needs to get Xylophone, because then he'd have both.
I don't think there'd be enough letters pulled up for Xylophone.
Whatever.
But the longer the letter, the longer the word you spell out of the letters you're given, the more damage you do, and he'd like beat up a lion, and it had blood and everything.
Yeah.
Interesting.
Where can you check that out?
Do you know?
I actually do not, but I will find out for our listeners next week.
Sounds good.
All right.
A little bit of housekeeping.
This week will only be a one-part show.
I know you guys are probably really ticked off because we weren't even here last week, but I'm out of town tomorrow night on our usual live time, and because of that, DarkSakura made other plans, and I'm sure Loki's going to
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
We have some website changes coming up, just some little minor things.
We've put some live show status...
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
DarkSakura.com
D.M.N.
and DJ Tyrant
as well as Travis Donovan live is alive and kicking.
If you're into sci-fi, Travis, Saturday nights at 7, good times, good times.
Also, there's other things being worked on for next year, so keep an ear, I guess, to your computer speaker or whatever you listen to us through.
Absolutely.
And if you have an idea for a show, if you think you can do better, well, let's hear it.
Send us an email, and we're open to new suggestions for new shows always.
That's how DMN and DJ Tyron did it.
We're open to new experiences.
He is now the man in charge.
Kaz Hirai is heading over to Tokyo to do the world group.
And the co-CEO of Sony America, Jack Trenton, is going to take Kaz Hirai's place and is actually going to be the first American to hold that position in the company.
So that's actually pretty cool.
But I...
I've seen speculation since I first found the information and actually I want to thank our buddy Robway for sending me some of the first information on it too.
I think the whole reason they're doing that is you done screwed this up.
You go sit in the office and eat some crayons there.
I think that he's got a broader vision, I think.
Or maybe that's what they're thinking.
Well, it's weird because I've seen this story approached in two ways.
I've seen it approached as, oh, this is a downgrade for him.
Even though he's moving to a CEO position, he's being moved because the Sony PlayStation 3 launch has been botched.
The PSP's not doing as well as it should have.
But I've also seen it reported as, this is a promotion.
He's going to be a CEO.
That's a big title.
It depends.
How much of a Sony fanboy or Kutaragi fanboy are you?
That's how you're going to interpret this, I suppose.
Now, I'm going to take this from being that you've been in the same... We've all been working for various corporations over our off-radio career.
But looking at this from a very upper management point of view, I think that they see he's this public figure.
and DarkSakura.com.
I kind of agree.
I think when something's broken, you fix it.
And I think there is that perception that PlayStation 3 and PSP could be doing... I mean, well, it's hard to say.
PlayStation 3, obviously, it's selling out on shelves, yes, but not nearly as many as there should have been.
And certainly it's made its way into pop culture, but I think Sony had hoped to push more out by the end of the year than they're realistically going to.
And all this eBay profiteering stuff, whatever.
But since he...
has done a lot of good for the company previously.
I think they're just doing this shuffle to just try something and put some new ideas in there.
So I think it's just them trying a different approach.
I don't necessarily think it's good or bad.
It's just different.
They want to go somewhere different.
I've seen similar things happen with the company that I work for.
I've seen people who I just thought were a total botch on their management jobs go into VP positions and just soar.
Because it has to do... I think...
As far as anything business related, everyone's going to have their talents.
Everyone's going to have their strong points here and there.
And where I still think that Kutaragi is probably a big old stupid, stupid, no common sense person.
He's there for a reason.
He's made it as far as he has for a reason.
And I think that... PlayStation 2 did kick ass.
And I think that they're trying to save an asset that has proved beneficial to them in the past.
All right.
Loki, any thoughts on the whole corporate reshuffle?
I don't know.
Hopefully, if putting him in a position that he has more authority, I guess, will cause him to shut up more.
It would be most beneficial in Sony's eyes.
He just needs to shut up.
If he's good at running the company, great.
Run the company, but just stop having him spout off stupid stuff because he's just
Well, I think a lot of Sony management in general has been accused of being cocky and all that other crap, you know, through this whole thing.
So I don't see this as one guy's problem because, you know, the guy in Europe wouldn't shut his mouth either and all this other stuff, you know.
Well, here's what it is to me.
It seems like, you know, the higher up you get, I mean, granted, in the beginning you brought the company to where it needs to be, you know, you.
You pretty much know your job.
You know how to do it.
But once you get so high up, your hand's off on a lot of it.
And so you kind of lose face where how stuff actually happens.
And pretty soon you become out of touch with how that company is actually running.
And so you start spouting off crazy shit.
And it's actually not realistic.
All right.
Well, moving on to something I thought was kind of interesting that kind of happened because of this.
I cannot now imagine a PlayStation 4.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
I'm thinking people are running way too far with this quote.
It's way too early to tell if Sony is going to ditch a PlayStation 4.
Come on.
Sony replied to that, though.
PlayStation 3 is still a baby.
What did they say?
To go ahead and quote, it was actually their U.S.
spokesperson, Dave Caracker.
This is on GameSpot, but I got my information from Eurogamer.
To quote, following the launch of PlayStation 3 just a few weeks ago and witnessing the huge consumer demand for the product, I think it would be rather short-sighted for anyone to predict there might not be a next generation of PlayStation product.
eBay Profiteering
because they know that it's not based on Sony's product being uber great.
It's because, oh, look, I made lots of money on the 360 last year.
Look, there's a similar situation where there's not going to be enough consoles and people want them, so we're going to sell them for a lot of money.
People are spending a buttload of money on those PlayStation 3s, though.
That's the demand they're talking about.
Because little Billy whines and wants, I want my PlayStation 3!
And then little Billy's parents will buy it.
Little Billy should go do the dishes.
Well, Hirai also was bringing up the PS4 himself.
You know, talking about future plans.
And there was also discussion about them going into electronic distribution for games in the future.
I'm sorry, but they should not even be talking PlayStation 4 right now, you know?
Make the PlayStation 3 work first.
Focus on, you know, maybe they do need to put a guy on the software side there.
Put out some better software for PlayStation 3.
What's the number one complaint been about this launch?
Their launch titles blow, except for maybe Resistance.
However...
And I'm trying to see it from their point of view too.
If they don't start thinking about the next generation of system now, everybody else is going to be ahead of them.
Thinking about it and talking about it are two different things.
Yeah, but granted though, this console is supposed to have a ten year life cycle whereas the other ones are only five years.
So why are they concerned about the console now?
Are they going back on their word again?
I mean, woo, that'd be a shocker.
No, but really, you know,
If you're going to believe that there's going to be no PlayStation 4 when Microsoft announces the next Xbox, they're definitely going to announce the next PlayStation.
Bingo.
I think that it actually... I think, yeah, the focus should be on the current system now that it's out, but I think that it's still good.
Because as long as you've got the money to pay for the team of specialists, then do it.
You have your little team of specialists that are working away on it, but they're in a closed room that we don't talk about.
Because for me, if they were to come out and say, oh, we've already got this PlayStation 4 thing in the works, to me that's them saying,
The PlayStation 3 is fucked.
I'm just going to say, well, I guess I ain't going to get one because they're already working on 4.
Remember the Gizmondo?
Oh, yeah, by the way, even though our Gizmondo hasn't launched yet, we've got the widescreen version in the works.
It'd be like announcing the DS Lite when the DS comes out.
My question is, how come Nintendo gets away with this shit?
Because they just announced the Wii DVD thing.
It's gonna be more expensive and who gives a shit It's like saying, oh look, it plays CDs now Oh goody, let me go run out and get another CD player Oh wait, no, I don't need one because I have 60,000 of them We also know Wii's are gonna come out in different colors at some point based on what we saw at E3 You get them in different colors now They have sites that, you know, will do custom paint jobs That's different, I'm talking about officially licensed Nintendo pink Wii's Oh, big deal You want a pink Wii?
Yes
Are you going to play with it?
Is that so wrong?
Yes, that's actually very wrong.
I just think it's interesting.
Even better if you get a blue Wii.
It's just interesting.
Nintendo gets away with things sometimes that people are critical of other companies about, and it's fascinating to me.
And even I'm guilty of it too.
But because they're Nintendo, we let them get away with it.
I don't know.
Well, it comes down to games.
It comes down to games.
But, you know, Sony's always going back on their word and stuff.
And even now, they're still insisting that they're going to ship one million PlayStation 3 consoles by the end of this year.
Well, you know what?
I don't think so.
I mean, even Electronic Arts, Larry Probst, was basically telling Reuters that
They only shipped out about 200,000 units, if that, on the initial launch for the United States, even though they were saying, oh yeah, we're going to have half a million units or 600,000 units.
Yeah, they didn't really meet those numbers, and kind of speculating on that, they're probably only going to hit about half a million to 800,000 by the end of the year.
Makes sense to me.
I mean, they've already underestimated or overestimated the amount of units that are going to be out there, and
I just don't think they can produce them fast enough.
Especially if they start running into problems like Microsoft had with units overheating or some sort of hardware glitch.
A.K.A.
be very careful about the first batch of any new console.
Well, given the rent of first batch PlayStation 2s, the just massive amounts of problems that they had.
Well, on top of that, I think one of the big problems with the PS2 is that it was not really meant to be used as a primary DVD player, which a lot of people were getting it for.
And the systems would burn out, the first models.
I'm actually still surprised that my first model Japanese one still works.
Well...
Yeah, I mean, what's also good, though, is Nintendo is still saying that they're ahead of schedule and they're going to be shipping out, you know, the units that they promised.
So that's good.
At least those launches, I know, in Japan certainly weren't delayed and they had enough units out there.
So, you know, I think what it comes down to is UK, you know, patiently waiting and saying, okay, are we actually going to get our launch in March?
I mean, and when we do have a launch, exactly how many units is a launch?
I mean, here's your one unit.
Please share.
I don't know.
We have a lot of folks over in the UK who listen to us, and of course we're thankful for that and appreciate that you guys listen to us.
I can't help but think you guys really aren't missing that much.
You're really not.
I understand.
Maybe you want the cheap Blu-ray player or whatever it is, but I don't have one either right now.
I don't even really want one.
Does a European listener maybe want to send me money?
I'll buy you one here and send you one.
No, you can't even get them here.
You can't ship them either.
Yeah, because of the lockdown.
Oh, jeez.
Enclosed.
Form and grill.
Jeez, jeez, jeez.
Put it in a form and grill box.
What you need to do is you need to ship it to another country, and in that country, someone there has to, you know, pretty much walk across.
It's not worth it.
It's not.
Is Resistance that good, Jamie?
Is Resistance that good?
No.
Then there you go.
It's not worth it.
Just buy Call of Duty 3 and the 360.
It's about the same.
Resistance is a pretty...
And I do like shooting things in the head, but I can shoot things in the head in other games, like Resident Evil 4.
Shoot him in the head!
Alright.
This ain't a cutscene.
Press A. If I press A, it'll type over our show thing.
Anyway.
So, remember how all the fun that we were talking about Gran Turismo HD, and how it was just a big, you know, blown-up HD version of Gran Turismo 4?
How the game was going to cost $700 after you bought all the cars?
Well, it's actually going to be a free demo now at the PlayStation Store.
It'll be out, so far only for Japan, be out on the 24th of December.
Gran Turismo HD Concept.
It will have 10 cars, 2 layouts of a single track, at least according to what Yamauchi said, the designer.
It has Time Attack, Drift Trial, Network Ranking, and they're also putting more focus on GT5 when it's out.
which is actually slated for 2008.
Not bad for free, though.
I guess that's not... That's a nice price reduction from, you know, $900 or whatever we were joking about to free.
So, yay for Sony.
Good job.
I think someone finally stepped in and, you know, like an analyst or something, one of the guys that they have working for the company, they go, you actually think this is going to work?
Because this is not going to work.
The internet hates you right now.
Maybe you need to try something different.
Yeah, um,
But here's the thing, though.
We're not certain, though, what Gran Turismo 5 is going to be, and they could very well do something like this, kind of meeting in the middle ground and having a decent amount of cars, say like, I don't know, 60 or something, and you still have to buy 500 other cars online.
So we don't know about that yet, but when you're advertising the game as a tech demo on E3...
Oh, by the way, it's not a tech demo.
That's a full game, and we want you to buy it for $50.
Oh, by the way, it doesn't come with any cars.
I'm sorry.
That's their same logic as saying, oh, you'd buy a Sony PlayStation 3 if there weren't any games.
I think PR just kind of botched the project.
I agree with the concept that, you know what, just make Gran Turismo 5.
Shut up and make 5.
All right.
Anyway, we don't know if that will be coming to the U.S.
yet, do we?
It's just in Japan only right now, but I would suspect so.
Yeah, make 5.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And so a lot of, it'll be interesting to see how the game does and how many systems are sold in the next week.
It'll be kind of interesting to see what effect that has on Japan.
Coming out on the PlayStation 3, not a lot.
You don't really get any more games until you get Armored Core 4 on the 14th.
Same thing with the Wii, since you guys just had your system launch this week.
You're not going to get a whole lot of new titles until, again, December 14th when you get Pokemon Battle Revolution and the Japanese version of Rayman Raving Rabbids.
But if you're a PS2 fan still, you got a lot of games coming out.
You got Devil Summoner is coming out, Ace Combat Zero, both on the 7th, Suikoden V, Genso Suikoden V, as well as Momotaru Densetsu 16 from Hudson, and Taiko no Tatsujin for our music game fans, that's coming out.
Taiko no Tatsujin Bang Tap, Tomori 7 Daimei, both a drum controller version and the standalone version coming out, and
if you're a Tomb Raider fan in Japan, Tomb Raider Legend on the PlayStation 2 on December 7th as well
If you are a Nintendo DS person, there's quite a few games also coming out over there on December 7th.
Several games from MediaWorks called DS Dendecki Bunko, which I'm guessing might be a translation of the Dice game.
I have no idea.
Also, DS Puzzler, coming from TDK Media Active, and Cinema Roll.
Ohana Senshohyo, yeah.
Coming from Bandai.
Is it the same one?
Oh, it sure is.
Yeah.
So check out that one.
I don't have any silly title games this week, but I like Cinema Roll, so maybe that'll be my must-checkout title of the week.
Hey, if you're a PSP fan, Mahjong and Parappa the Rapper this week, December 7th.
Hell yeah.
That's right.
Check that out.
You gotta believe.
We have two Cinema Roll, was it Pillows?
Remember the... Oh, yeah.
Went to the Sanrio outlet.
I need more Batsamaru stuff.
I want the Batsamaru guitar so bad.
So bad.
Alright, anyway.
Whatever.
We don't want to turn into Sanrio chat.
I think the Batsamaru one is a bass though.
Anyways.
Sorry guys, I was busy playing Hello Kitty World.
Anyways.
So to start off, of course, our release dates, we've got some stuff that you might not have heard about yet.
Um...
Mario Party 8 for the Wii, coming out March 6th Wario Master of Disguise for the DS, also coming out on the 6th of March Wii Plays coming to the United States on the 21st of January, including the bundle with the remote
Actually, it is only bundled with a remote.
There's going to be some stuff coming out.
Actually, a new Spyro game is in the works right now.
Still a working title, Spyro 2007.
Obviously, it's not going to be Spyro 2007.
Spyro Ultimate!
It's coming out on August 15th of next year.
It's going to be on PlayStation 2, the Wii, DS, Game Boy Advance, and PSP.
This one, I hope, is a working title.
Crash Jack in 07.
Uh...
Mommy, for my birthday, I want Crash Jacket on the Wii.
Which is also the same day.
It's very strange.
Of course, this next week we've got some good stuff coming out.
For the Wii, we have Ice Age 2.
Well, I said good stuff, so that's not exactly counted in there.
But we do have Far Cry Instinct's Vengeance, I believe, is coming out on the Wii as well.
That one actually, I heard, is pretty good.
It has a good control system in that.
So, if you were jaded by Red Steel, you might want to pick that one up instead.
And then, of course, on the 360, we've got...
Star Trek Legacy, which is going to be pretty good, and Rapala Trophies, which is not going to be very good at all.
And on PlayStation 2, one of the only games coming out on PlayStation 2 for December, Rayman's Raving Rabbids, finally.
So if you don't have a Wii, that's definitely one to pick up.
On PSP, though, you've got some good stuff.
Of course, you've got Brothers in Arms, D-Day, and also on the PlayStation 3, Full Auto 2, which is basically Full Auto 1 with Deathmatch.
and Fight Night Round 3, which is basically Fight Night Round 3 with first-person mode.
I'm kind of curious about the Star Trek game.
I liked what I saw at E3.
I'm not usually a tactical games type person, but I am a little bit of a Trekkie.
I liked the whole Borg ship.
Well, I liked how they reenacted the Arathacon thing.
That was fabulous.
So I'm tempted to check it out.
The PSP also is getting Star Wars Lethal Alliance, which is that kind of original game for PSP, so.
A little bit of, it's kind of a smorgasbord of stuff to lead from November.
Well, in UK gaming news, actually a bunch of games already came out, but we weren't
Live to cover it, so I'll just go quickly over that list.
Sonic Rivals came out, a couple Football Manager games, Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Vegas, Viva Pinata, Yoshi's Island, today being the second, actually.
Tokobot Plus, Mysteries of the Karakuri came out.
Coming out on the 8th, though, we have Wii Launch!
So, get your Wii.
Get it, get it, get it, get it, get it, and then give me your friend code.
So...
So coming out, we have Barnyard, you have Brothers in Arms, D-Day, Call of Duty 3, Cars, Dead or Alive Extreme 2, get that as well.
EA Replay, Ghost Recon, Advanced Warfighter, with more, you know, acronyms.
Hey, if you guys in the UK are camping out for a wee...
Thank you for watching!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
GT Pro Series Madden 2007 Monster 4x4 World Circuit Need for Speed Carbon Open Season Rampage Total Destruction Rayman Raving Rabbids Red Steel Star Trek Legacy
Star Trek Legacy Star Wars Lethal Alliance Super Monkey Ball Banana Blitz Superman Returns the Video Game Legend of Zelda Twilight Princess Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell Double Agent Tony Hawk's Downhill Jam Wii Play, Wii Sports and other notables later on this month is Far Cry Vengeance Sims 2 Pets which is actually kind of fun because your pets are on crack
and actually Marvel Ultimate Alliance already came out too on I think PS2.
On PSP, I'm sorry.
And that's really it.
And also, just to go ahead and make a mention, I am going to try to be focusing at least once a month on some of the other countries that have different release dates.
So if there's any place in particular that you've found as a reliable source for release dates internationally, let me know.
Send me an email, jamie.orangerousradio.com.
The Better Business Bureau is challenging Toys R Us based on what happened at the Wii launch.
www.DarkSakura.com
and this one lady was mad and was arguing with the manager about it and we sold out while they were arguing about it.
She was pissed.
She did one of those consumer call the news things and now the Better Business Bureau is investigating it and I say good.
I agree.
I think companies need to be aware that we're not going to tolerate that bullshit bundling stuff.
I don't want your stupid warranty.
If somebody does, great.
They can purchase that.
You can offer it to me and I can say no, but don't force me to buy it.
That's messed up.
And the games and all that crap,
You know, I say good.
And this isn't necessarily something against Toys R Us, because in my mind, reading this story, this sounds like one manager's or district manager's very piss-poor decision that's going to screw the company as a whole, thanks to that.
So I will take great satisfaction in knowing that thanks to this, that manager or district manager will probably be canned because of this.
And...
You know, I hope it will be a lesson for other managers and district managers nationwide.
Don't try to use these big console launches.
Not that there's going to be another one for quite some time, but in the future, don't use these big console launches and the consumer demand for them to sell your crap.
Force us to buy your crap.
So, any other thoughts on that, Loki?
I understand why they did it, but, you know, the bait and switch part's not good.
The bundling's okay, bait and switch's not good.
Do you think it's okay to force people to buy those bundles?
Yeah.
I think it's perfectly fine to do that.
And if they have a good experience with about the system, they'll buy their games there.
It's about the return business.
You know what I mean?
If they're going to buy a PlayStation 3 for $2,000 on eBay, what the hell is going to stop me from selling a PlayStation 3 in a retail store with three games attached to it?
You're going to buy it, so...
No, I'm not.
That's human nature.
That's the biggest part of it, is you tell me I have to, and I'm like, no, I don't have to do shit.
I don't have to do shit.
I'm gonna.
Who the hell are you to tell me what I have to do?
Well, the way Target did it, which I was actually very, very, very pleased with this, is they gave you an incentive.
It wasn't like much of an incentive.
You get a flashy thing that gives you... Hey, I still have mine.
It's pretty.
It is pretty.
Look at that.
It glows blue.
I can go get one right now.
Miklatov bought 15 of these with a dollar each.
On the card.
These little gift cards that glow blue.
I hope you international folks get something similar.
I don't know if they even have Target internationally, but they're so pretty.
I was going to get one just to have one, you know?
You know what?
If they don't do this internationally, maybe I'll send this one to one of our international listeners.
They're pretty.
They're very pretty.
Yeah.
It's awfully cool that they glow blue there, even though the console doesn't seem to.
Yes, it does.
When do you get new mail?
Only when I get new mail.
Only when it runs updates.
Do you want me to send you mail, Loki?
No, I can get mail myself, but I'm just saying I want to glow blue all the time.
It can pulse blue when I have mail.
You're picky.
Well, at any rate, I think that we should pick up a couple of them and send some to our overseas listeners if they don't get them.
Yeah, I don't know if Target's overseas or what.
Send some emails if you really want it.
We'll see what we can do.
Yeah.
All right.
With the launches, of course, there's still a lot to desire, especially from the Wii.
Lots of things that we wish they would have done that they didn't do.
For example, and this is actually... Wait, whose list is this?
Because this ain't my list.
This is Game Informer's list.
But I do agree with a lot of it, and a lot of it I do agree with.
Like, for example, accessories component and S-video cables.
Where are they?
They certainly are sold out and can't seem to find anywhere, so that kind of sucks.
More virtual console downloads.
A wireless sensor bar, especially if you have a projection TV.
The ability to save GameCube saves to the flash memory cards or SD cards might be good, especially if you're renting games or never had GameCube stuff.
Better straps for the wireless...
Weemotes, now, I think that's just stupid people letting the controllers go, so whatever, but I guess they could be stronger.
More user-friendly friends lists, and that's, I could definitely agree with that.
A wireless classic controller, so it doesn't have to be tethered to the remote there.
And of course, you know, redesign the WaveBird, which I don't really understand that part of it, but okay.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I've actually been able to use Picture Channel because my phone saves to the micro SDs and I have a converter so I put the SD card in there and that's why I sent some pictures.
Didn't I send you and Nellie like a picture that I doctored?
Yeah.
A picture I took of a stripper and I drew like a fart cloud coming out.
It was really immature but it was funny when I sent it.
But actually I heard that it'll grab stuff off of Bluetooth so if your phone's Bluetooth it'll grab it off there.
The Bluetooth on my phone's weird.
Okay.
Anyways.
Points leftovers because the Wii points you have to buy them in $10 increments.
ProLogic2 ProLogic2
Wireless Nunchuck More Control Over The Blue Slot and Illumination Rechargeable Battery Packs
I agree with the achievement thing.
I can't believe no one copied Microsoft on that whole thing.
I think it's cute.
I wish they would have done something like that.
What was I going to say?
The battery packs, I think, are coming.
Because if you look inside of it, there's actually a contact where they could have a battery pack for it.
So that might be something that's on its way.
Better speakers in the Wiimote because they suck.
And I'm actually thinking about taking one apart to replace a speaker in it.
You're weird.
We may see that on a future show.
Save games in the Wiimote, which might be cool.
More customization for the Wii menu.
Game Boy Player, timed demos for every virtual console game.
Because a lot of these games I haven't played, so I don't know if they're crap.
Okay, this is turning into just a complete, you know, like every little thing that they can think of, you know, they're putting on here that...
You know, I don't know.
Probably not as if they haven't already thought of it themselves.
I know, this is getting to be a little much.
Wii Sports in a case, because they got it in a case in... I could agree with that.
Australia.
But that is, you know... No Ethernet port, which is kind of lame.
And this doesn't even have anything to do with it.
Club Nintendo for the US.
Well, it's cool.
They get the points and stuff, and they get the free DS... Was it those...
Games and stuff.
How hard would it really be for Nintendo to go back and add some of this stuff, though?
They have built the updates to be pretty easy.
They could add the music channel if they wanted.
And who says that's not coming later on?
I mean, they said that there's a bunch of surprises, and we'll see some in the next few weeks.
All right.
It's not hard.
We'll see.
You know what I want?
What?
I want freaking region-free, but no.
Yeah, they've confirmed it is region-locked, the Wii is, so...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
We'll see.
and then it locked out that whole thing where people were going into the shop channel and turning it into a browser which was kind of pointless because you couldn't do much with the browser but I think it was just one of more of those things where somebody wanted to be able to do it to say they did it.
Well, Nintendo put the smack down on that.
You could do it and they're still working on a way around that.
It's turning into the PSP now.
How can we hack away their little, you know, and then they'll update and then somebody finds another hack to get what they want and then they'll update.
PSP all over again it's still going on so you know sooner or later and also the other thing too is people were able to download virtual console games off of the server so all they have to do is figure out how to encode them and you'd be pirating games off of their servers so yeah that's probably another reason why they wanted to fix that
Yeah, Nintendo may be already looking into making sure that doesn't happen.
We'll see.
Didn't they change, like, because you could browse the virtual console stuff on the web, but then they changed that where now it's all certificate-based or something like that?
Yeah, it's all certificate-based, and now it checks the IP instead of just the URL.
But I think people are going to find ways around that.
It's just a matter of time.
That's really what it is.
Now, speaking of updates to the Virtual Console, there are going to be some more games coming out on Monday here.
And some good stuff.
Donkey Kong Jr.
for the NES is going to be making its way out there.
And then on the Genesis, we've got Columns, Rizstar, and Victory Run for, I believe, the TurboGrafx-16.
So, not too bad.
I don't know.
I want some more games.
Rizstar was Saturn, wasn't it?
No.
No, that was, I'm thinking of another game, sorry.
It was Genesis.
Anyways, I want my Super Mario Brothers, goddammit.
I want Super Mario World, and I want Kid Icarus.
I want Kid Icarus so bad.
I want it so bad.
I hope that's the one game they're like,
Oh, by the way, for some reason this just wouldn't work with a virtual console.
I will poke Reggie in the eye myself if they can't get Kid and Chris working on the Wii virtual console.
I will drive up to Redman and poke him in the eye.
I want them to emulate TurboDuo.
Because I want Dracula X. Dream on.
No offense, but, I mean, do you think that's high on their priority list right now?
I know it should be.
No, but it would be very easy.
It's a freaking Super Nintendo game with real audio, is what it is.
I mean, seriously.
But, yeah.
That would be my bit of heaven right there.
I would pay for that.
I mean, so that I don't have to gingerly handle my, you know, CD and go, oh, please don't scratch, please don't scratch.
Where's one of the burns of it?
Okay, my burn doesn't work.
Damn.
Because that's what I go through every time I play that game.
All right.
or one other thing Jamie goes through every week is that she likes to open up the mailbag and read some emails that you guys send in to us at mailbag at orangelaundradio.com and she reads the mails and responds to them right here on our program.
And she's going to do that right now.
Well, the first one comes from someone named Guy.
Actually, apparently one of our listeners from the U.K.,
Hey, by the way, Guy, I was kind of mad that you weren't in the Final Fight they put on Super Nintendo until way later.
I just wanted to point that out because Guy was my favorite.
Sorry, go ahead and read.
I actually have Final Fight Guy.
Read the damn email.
Sorry.
Did I tell you about my Final Fight collection?
I was trying to collect every version of Final Fight.
Dude, they need to put Final Fight Guy on Virtual Console.
I have Final Fight Guy, though.
Anyway, sorry.
With the box.
We totally just lost a listener.
Sorry.
Hi.
Hi.
I don't get why all the movies and games are out in America before in England.
Is it because America is a bigger financial target?
Thanks, Guy.
What's your speculation?
It's your TVs.
It's your TVs.
Because they have to convert everything for the other format, and I think that's what causes things to get delayed.
Everyone needs to have an HDTV, and then it won't matter.
So maybe in five years, because HDTV's picking up more and more, but for right now, yeah, it's your TVs.
I've got my Gorillaz DVDs.
They're PAL.
I had to run through my laptop into the TV.
So, yeah.
You know, videos and things of that nature because you guys get a lot more music stuff over there.
Oh, it's Region 2, but it's PAL.
Exactly.
Or I remember one big thing that I had friends doing was that Buffy the Vampire Slayer was out on DVD over there way sooner than it was over here.
Highlander.
So... When the Highlander... Because this is when I was in college at first.
When the Highlander series came out, the UK versions had extra footage.
So take comfort that once in a while you get something the nerds really want.
You get them unedited and freaking Torchwood has like...
blood and sex and language and I love it so sorry I had to go off on that because I was watching Torchwood and going wow this wouldn't make it here anyway we have one from Miso says I'm Miso Skye
Is the creation of video games similar to an art form?
I think it is, as it involves creativity.
It could be closely related to theater arts because it is a collaborative art.
You have your music people, your writers, your technical people, so I think it could be an art form.
Happy Yule, Miso.
I agree.
I think it's very similar to a movie.
It's like an interactive movie, especially these days.
I mean, movies, storyboarded.
Games, storyboarded.
There's similarities between the way that they go.
You're scripting and the concept and everything.
I think it's a visual art form.
I mean, sometimes when you say art form, people want to compare it to paintings.
They want to compare it to Picasso.
No, art's a lot of different things.
Well, it's like spoken word is art.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Okay, when you play it.
You can't tell me that's not an art form, like a movie.
Well, even the actual physical art that goes into it.
I mean, we had, what was the... That's right, the art, the bonus disc that has all the actual, like, art.
Or, um... Like, drawn art.
The gallery showings they had at E3.
Oh, sure.
Oh, the IM8 bit and all that stuff?
That was that book I got you.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But that was a gallery, too.
The pixel one, too.
Yeah.
Well, you know where we're going with this.
Yeah.
But, yeah.
Um...
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
You guys pulled through for me as I waited for a wee and did not manage to get one.
Many people asked what I was listening to since I was sitting still for a few hours, so I just had to tell them.
About your amazing show, of course.
Good PR.
Hehe.
Thank you.
Good job.
The OL Army salutes you.
I have also spread the word at school to let OLR widely known amongst my fellow classmates.
I work on the school newspaper and I write the entertainment column, so I decided to spread some love.
I'm going to keep this short.
I have to study for exams, so peace and love to all.
That was very sweet.
That's it?
They just wrote to write in what the great PR they're doing?
Well, thank you.
I mean, we really appreciate that.
That's, you know, because, you know, we do do this for free and all that stuff.
That's really, if you feel like you want to give us something, give us word of mouth because we don't have the luxury of, you know, a corporate sibling magazine that can run four-page ads, you know, every month for our little dumb show or, you know, we don't have,
The corporate tie-ins, the companies that we rely on word of mouth and things of that nature to get our name out there.
So if you feel like you want to give us something, you don't have to give us your money.
Give us your word of mouth.
I'll tell you what, though.
Give us your loyalty and your soul.
I'll tell you what, Ricky.
If you shoot me an email, I'd actually like to see the newspaper.
So I will pay for the cost of the newspaper and shipping via PayPal.
Sweet.
If you want to send me a copy so that we can see the article.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Anoush
says, Hi Jamie, Rob, and Matt.
Rob, I was wondering if you guys will be doing an OLR meetup like you did in New York City.
Anyway, have a great show, you guys.
Where?
That's a good question.
I don't know.
Well, I guess this is going to be an opportunity to talk about live appearances that we're doing.
Really, the next thing we have scheduled is that we're going to do, at least I'm going to be at for sure.
I don't know about my two partners in crime here.
I will be at SakuraCon in April in Seattle, and there's going to be at least hopefully one panel that goes with that.
That's the only live thing I have scheduled for right now.
I may or may not be
But we really want to go back to Canada because we love Vancouver.
And he's never been to Hawaii, so I want to go to Hawaii.
I'm also planning, and this is still up in the air as I have to find a good package deal and everything.
I'm planning for hopefully around Christmas, New Year 2007 of going to London.
I definitely want to do the UK at some point as well.
And I know we have a lot of great listeners over there who I'd love to meet up with for tea and crumpets at some point.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Kyle Snyder
Dude, sweet.
Kyle Snyder, for those who don't know, we used to do pretty much exclusively a show about DDR.
So, Kyle Freestyler for DDR.
Music writer extraordinaire.
Does music, his own stuff as well.
He's a bit of a celebrity amongst the... He's like a DDR celeb.
He's like up there with the Mel B's and the Mr. Wendels and the folks you well know in the freestyle world.
Anyway, we still have the... You know what?
You know what?
People...
to this day still mimic that butterfly freestyle.
So you know what?
That's the ultimate compliment.
Imitation is the finest form of flattery.
He is the William Hung of the DDR community.
Dear crew of OLR, As you are aware, I have been back from my mission for almost two months.
I'm only going to be creating one more song on my current music mixing program before I get a new and better one, Acid.
My new song should be up in about two weeks after the song and after I get a new music mixing program and my
My new music should hopefully sound better.
I'm planning on creating a remix to I Can Never Be Japanese.
Most likely a happy hardcore remix.
That'll be fun, actually.
Is there anything you would like for me to work on for future songs such as Eurobeat, Gabba, Electro, or any other genre?
I might not have a lot of time to create music starting mid-January since I'll be starting college at that time.
One of your fans, Kyle Snyder.
P.S.
I plan to major in biotechnology.
Wow.
That's pretty hardcore.
Good luck.
You know, I...
Thank you for watching!
You know, I say save something really good for that because I think you'd want to be in a video game, wouldn't you?
That's pretty cool.
And that goes for anybody out there who's making music.
My advice in this actually, because a lot of what goes in physical art goes into music art, you know, go where your instincts lead you.
Don't stick to a style.
Experiment.
You know, even if it comes out like complete crap, if you've learned something from it, then you've progressed.
That's what I have to say.
So, moving on.
We have one actually from the Sober Irish guy.
That's cool.
The one.
The one.
Okay.
As first off, generic thanks and praise like things from Ireland, your show has landed onto the Irish scene.
Anyway, onto something important-ish.
I've been listening to the downloads and loving them for quite a while now, but I need to make a request.
Every time you give release dates for the UK, this is going to now...
I see, this is the email that inspired that.
I always think, well, that's not me.
And for the past 90 years anyway.
Since you're always talking about European gamers and how we keep getting screwed with release dates and Babani releases, they don't actually exist over here.
Thanks a lot, Konami.
Any chance of getting European release dates?
I actually am working on it.
I need to find some sources.
What I'm thinking about doing is actually...
Sending in some of my PR contacts at some of the various companies and seeing if they'll give me international estates.
Keep in mind, guys, and trust us, we love our international listeners, and we love the fact that this little show that we do out of the spare bedroom goes everywhere, everywhere in the world.
That's like the ultimate compliment.
But keep in mind, we can't do everybody, because, you know, like India just got the 360, so they've probably got their own release dates, and I'm sure we've got at least one listener there.
And, you know, I'd love to do those release dates, too.
We would do a show of nothing but release dates.
But we'll try.
We'll try to do at least the big titles.
Well, my idea for this is to do quarterly updates.
for major countries like, for example, for India, for South America, for Africa.
Africa.
Sorry, I couldn't pass that up.
Here are those new screenshots of Africa out there on the interweb.
Also, though, for any place that's got similar dates but deviations, I'm going to actually try doing different compilations for my list and seeing if I can't be a little more accommodating.
All right.
We'll do what we can, but we do appreciate your suggestion and listening to us in other countries.
You also addressed another part to me about Aragon.
Really?
Because you know I was complaining about how poorly written the book is.
Well, basically to go into the rest of this email...
I've read Eragon, and while it did start a little badly written, I enjoyed it.
But then again, I've read a lot of fantasy, both bad and good, Dragonlance and Discworld respectively.
I actually like Dragonlance, but I also played a lot of D&D when I was into Dragonlance.
Eragon is a bit slow-paced, and the overall story is good, even if the writing isn't terribly great.
I have been getting some feedback on the book just from my friends, you know, locally, emails I've gotten.
I have started reading it again, even though I've been distracted by copious amounts of Doctor Who and the fact that I'm into reading historical biography now and anthropology books.
So I'll set some time aside for it.
I'll give it another chance.
This story could be better than the writing.
I've read worse fan fiction, so I'm going to give it a go.
so um the end closing says anyhow that's it from this side of the Atlantic keep up the show and keep uploading it uh GMT9 is not a good time to be awake um I also sort of want to wake up like in the you know middle of the morning for myself and say hey overseas people listen to me because I am randomly awake on the weekends that early so
Moving forward, last email comes... Oh, I just want to say real quickly, some of our tape shows, such as the new STFU show that's not live, it's taped, we might actually play those at an hour that would be friendly for the folks overseas.
We are exploring doing that, because it's really easy for us to do the rebroadcast of the tape shows.
So, something to look forward to.
Last one comes from Robert.
I really missed you guys this week.
Aw, thank you for missing us.
Anyway, I've just unlocked the first bonus mission on Elite Beat Agents, and although I'm nowhere near ready to say I'm all that good at the game yet, I was wondering if there's a soundtrack mode or audio test mode unlockable in the game to listen to the music outside of the game.
It's amazing the amount of digital audio they were able to fit into that cartridge.
I don't know of any.
I'm sure someone might figure out a little hack or crack for the cartridge.
I would say, honestly, the songs are so close to their originals that
Well, not always.
Like, some are sped up.
Like, a couple of the songs are sped up.
So I guess I could see why you'd want that.
You never know.
Some folks are able to creatively rip from the game.
Some people do that.
Check some of those various sound archive sites, especially for those really big and import games.
I'll bet you see something.
You know what we had to do back in the 80s?
We held up our boombox to our TVs and recorded it, and we liked it.
That might be how you have to do it.
I don't know.
So that's it.
That was it?
No more emails?
How sad.
That's all right.
Send us more.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
We love to hear from you.
Someone who doesn't like to hear from you so much is Capcom.
They totally ignored the folks who were bitching about Dead Rising text being too small.
And I guess in a way, you know, I'm teasing them a little bit, but what could they really do?
I mean, do you think that is something that really could have been patched?
That's a pretty big game element.
I don't think that's something that could have been delivered in an itty-bitty patch.
So I think they realized they botched it there.
Or at least I thought they realized they botched it there.
Then the Lost Planet demo came out.
I haven't played it yet, but I've seen pictures of it.
And yes, the text, once again, uber small.
But this time, they've changed it.
folks were bitching on the internet about the small text and so Capcom sent out some screenshots and said hey listen you jerks who keep bashing us we fixed it here's a screenshot to prove it remember that beta games and test games are not always indicative of the final release STFU bitches in so many words is what they said but their last game which pretty much is their only game on the 360 right now had small text and that was indicative of the demo
So, what do you expect?
I mean, they're just going based off of their prior track record.
Well, I'm sure Capcom's learned their lesson.
Well, good.
I'm glad it took them only one game to do that.
So, you know, that's always good.
I guess I'm spoiled because I am an HDTV owner, and I didn't find the text in Dead Rising to be that bad.
It wasn't that bad.
It wasn't that bad at all.
Yeah, but again, you have Mondo, Hugh, Joe TV in the living room, and you have a TV that's bigger than mine, too.
So we're all spoiled, you know, for our friends on standard TVs.
Really?
You didn't think it was a pain in the ass?
No.
Or blurry?
The only thing I noticed was my monitor's too dark, so I can't see anything when it turns night.
Then people just complain too much.
I don't know what to tell you.
But...
Whatever.
So anyways, issues that need to be ironed out.
Well, apparently the new movie and TV download service for Microsoft's Xbox 360 has a little bit of some issues there.
For example, the movie downloads.
Way too damn slow.
I haven't really tried it yet because I don't really... Neither have I. There's not a damn thing on there I want.
Yeah, it's just...
I was going to get Star Trek Generations, but then it wasn't in HD.
So I was like, well, forget it.
I only want to do this because it has HD movies.
So bring me more HD movies I'm interested in and I'll maybe take a look.
I've also heard issues of people downloading stuff and getting something else.
But apparently they are going about to fix this stuff and
I guess for the first initial downloads, if you did download something or tried to download something and got your credits taken away and weren't able to download it, they will be refunding you your points and stuff.
It's a work in progress.
Once again, they really need to test this stuff before they go and release it.
It's like a lot of the games.
Oh, it goes out.
Can you really test thousands of people downloading your movie at once, though?
Yeah, it's called an online beta test.
They have stress tests.
That's what they do.
That's what a stress test is.
You test to see if your servers can handle people downloading stuff.
I remember when I was testing Test Drive Unlimited, they would have you, okay, we need everybody to go to this one spot and start a race.
We're going to see if this spot can handle the stress test of thousands of people doing that.
And that's what they do.
They specifically try to break it.
And
obviously they're just not testing it enough and same with like network play how the fuck you on you know like playing Call of Duty 3 or something like that not know especially after the last one that the online play is gonna be laggy as fuck and you release the game anyways to make it there for the holiday rush you know you know right away that's not gonna work but you just plan on patching it later it's kind of like oh well whatever it's good enough for now you know we'll patch it later people buy it anyways and they do because how are they supposed to know
Well, speaking of the other things that are going to be available, at least online and beta testing, there is going to be a beta test for Halo 3, a public beta.
The sign-up begins on the 4th.
That's this Monday.
So people will already be listening by that point, hopefully.
But you would have to go to Halo3.com on Monday and start your sign-up.
They're basically saying that Halo 3 beta will be available in the US, Europe, other places internationally, and they are going to keep the updates through that site.
So that's good.
But if you don't manage to get in on that, though, there are going to be premium multiplayer maps for Halo 2 coming out as well.
This is going to be available in the spring.
And there's going to be more info on the beta in the next coming weeks, according to our Microsoft reps.
We bugged him when we first had this.
We're like, how can you get us in?
Have you bugged him about that whole March release date?
Is that what they're still sticking to?
No, he wasn't the one that told you that, though, right?
He wasn't the one that told me that.
I haven't bugged him yet about that.
Well, just to say I am going to try to sign up for the beta.
Can we?
Doesn't this show disqualify us from that?
Or are you just all going to lie?
We don't get paid for it, so... I signed up for the Shadowrun beta, which is also this week, for the 360, so that might be another one if you want to try to get in on something.
That's another thing that's going on, too.
Well, it's sort of a part for... We're going to get reports on it anyway, is how I see it.
But my whole thing is, I love beta testing.
Well, you know, I tried to sign up for a beta test, and the first question they asked was, do you work for a gaming website or whatever?
I put, yeah, because, you know, that's kind of what we do here.
No, no, no.
It booted me.
No, no, no.
Work implies that you get paid.
I guess that's true.
Therefore, I do not work.
The way the question was worded, I wanted to... You know, and I'm not going to lie.
But just for a silly beta test, the way it was worded, and I don't want to say what site it was for, but it was a pretty major gaming operation.
I was signing up, and it booted me right out for that.
I've gotten selected for quite a few beta tests lately.
I've actually gotten selected for betas through... Well, fuck you and fuck you, because I don't get paid for anything.
Through the media mailings, because I'll have the media send it.
I did the Phantasy Star Universe beta.
I guess that's something.
Everybody did that, though.
All right.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Xbox Live with a full co-op mode
So, gonna be the arcade version, I'm sure.
Online co-op, probably be pretty cool, as long as it's not laggy as hell.
So I hope you did your stress test.
Yeah, I was gonna say, as long as it's able to stay synced, unlike Contra.
I still haven't played Contra online.
None of my friends have it.
I'm like the only one of my friends that hasn't.
I have Contra.
Do you?
Let's play!
Let's get some achievements online!
Points!
That's all.
Are you sure?
Yep.
Are you sure you're sure?
Yes.
Okay, okay, okay.
Well, anyway, Microsoft, speaking of which, has decided that they are going to release the 1080p fix.
It's a dashboard update.
Basically, when you log into Xbox Live, the patch is supposed to fix everything.
You don't have to download the update, but you can't connect to Live until you do.
I was going to say, I don't think
I got the patch last night when I was playing one of those Burger King games and it made me do it.
But I'm pretty much always on live.
It's also trying to improve the accuracy of the reporting on things.
You'll see changes to your recently played games.
Oh, interesting.
Alright, cool.
I couldn't tell you what it did for 1080p though because my TV didn't support it.
It's supposed to also have improved plug and play for your headsets and the wireless controllers.
Again, something I don't have.
So one thing I'm kind of a little sad about, and so far I haven't really tried it, so I'm not really sure if this has affected anything yet, but apparently Microsoft is taking precautions and blocking some of the Europe live users that are using the region workaround to be able to download demos that are available to the U.S.
And apparently they are blocking the accounts, not necessarily banning them,
And I've done this, you know, over here to download Japanese demos and stuff.
And it's fun.
But so far, they've only confirmed that they've been blocking the UK ones.
They've been blocking them from downloading our demos and whatnot.
Apparently some licensing issues or something.
I don't know.
But whatever.
We're next.
We're not next.
We're spoiled.
But I don't know.
I haven't tried it yet.
So we'll see.
I guess we'll see.
Now, this was causing some rumors to go around that they were banning people, right?
But then they came out and said, no, we're not banning anyone, just blocking.
Yeah, it's just blocking people.
I mean, because, really, they're just silver accounts anyway.
So, I mean, yeah, sure, go ahead, ban the silver account.
Can't just, like, create a new one.
Yeah, but, you know, folks are starting rumors that, oh, your gold that's on the same system is going to get banned, too.
And I'm like, that would cause problems.
No, we don't want money.
Right.
All right.
Well, regardless, the mere...
F.U.S.
of the Week
Yes, that's right, kids.
This is the part of the show where we get ranty and angsty.
And who better to start us off when it comes to rants and angst than DarkSakura?
Amazingly enough, I am not angsty about anything today.
I'm not ranty.
I'm on new medication.
Hell froze over, ladies and gentlemen.
It's happened.
Somebody's skiing in hell right now.
Jamie's not angsty.
I'm just fucking with you.
No, um...
I'm glad to hear things are socially happy.
We finally found a treatment that's helping me with my chronic disease.
But we finally found something that helps, so I'm not really all that upset about much.
I'm pretty happy, actually.
Except for the person who took my blood at Kaiser.
He freaking always leaves bruises on me.
He's like, plot, plot, blood out.
Fine, but what about the bruise on my arm?
Oh, you do that anyway.
Because she's taken my blood a couple times before.
Like, whatever, lady.
Just, whatever.
I don't like walking around looking like a freaking heroin addict or something.
So, that's it.
Loki.
F you to my lower back right now.
It's apparently away from my bed.
It's situated in our bedroom.
I'm next to the window, and the window, because it's in an apartment, has horrible seals.
So, like, everything that's on the backside of my body, like my neck, my back, and everything are completely sore right now.
It feels like I've been in a fight or something, but it's just from the cold air because it's winter.
It sucks.
I feel like an old person, like, oh, my back!
So, yeah.
I'm relatively in good spirits as well, so I just have to say F you to being so busy, because, you know, it's the reason why I have to pre-tape tonight, and I got, you know, like,
Hey, this will put some of our listeners in even better spirits.
We have a story about lesbians.
All right, lesbians, hooray.
There was this story ran on this site called gamesradar.com, which I guess is actually some corporate website, but I'd never heard of it until this story, so whatever.
They are going over the top seven lesbian kisses in video games ever.
Let's see, it started off with number seven was Kitana and Mileena with their fatalities, right?
Because remember how Kitana would kiss Mileena and then she'd blow up and then, you know, all that stuff.
Or that Mileena would kiss Kitana and then, like, suck her in and, you know, that's it.
She'd eat her face or something.
Jade Empire came in at number six with their little girl-on-girl action on the eve of battle.
And they have a little hot picture to go with it there, so...
Fear Effect 2, Retro Helix
which was, you know, kind of an older game for PlayStation 1 on 2001.
And there's this chick, Hannah, and her applied lover, Rain.
They do a make-out in an elevator to distract some guards.
No nudity involved, though.
The number three hottest lesbian kiss in video games ever from GamesRadar.com.
They said Persephone and Niobe in Enter the Matrix.
I remember that one because I actually played Enter the Matrix on, I think it was GameCube.
And I remember that scene.
So that's some Monica Bellucci and Jada Pinkett action there in your live action clip.
And then in Leisure Suit Larry, Magna Cum Laude from the character Luba who likes to get naked and make out with chicks.
at number two.
I remember playing that game.
And the number one lesbian kiss game, Sims 2, with the do-it-yourself makeouts.
And they show a little clip here from The Sims 2 of some girls in scantily clad bikinis all over each other on their leopard print bed.
Now, wait a minute.
There was another game, though, I know that they had.
It was full nudity and everything.
I can't remember what it was called, though, because it was some other Sims-like knockoff game.
And I remember they did a, they were doing a thing on, um, it was on SomethingAwful.com.
They were doing, kind of reviewing the game and talking about how he'd make his characters, um, force them to be gay against their will type thing.
Interesting.
I, you know, and I'm trying to think, well, okay, where's the list of the top seven gay male kisses ever?
And I'm like, God, I can't hardly think of any games that have that.
Um,
I guess Bully.
Bully in Final Fantasy 7, I guess.
What?
Wasn't there a part with the whole gay thing in there?
There was the Barret date.
Oh, the Barret date!
That doesn't count.
I've got the Barret date.
There's no making out action in the Barret date.
What it is, some Japanese player decided to get the Barret date.
And so back when the Dex drive was really big and I downloaded a Dex file, translated it for the US one and played it on my PC.
on my game, and it was funny.
It was really funny.
Interesting.
The Yuffie one was stupid.
I've seen the Yuffie one as well.
I hate Aerith, so I'll have done myself a favor.
I'm pretty sure when I played through the game, that's who I went on the date with was Aerith.
She sucks.
I liked her.
She's dead, dead, dead, dead, dead.
But she'll always be talked about through flashbacks, so screw you, hippie.
Anyways, so speaking of...
I hope you weren't hurt that I didn't know your website, but most people don't know us, so we're used to it.
But you should do the top seven gay guy kisses for us to report on next week.
So anyways, speaking of games that are out there that kind of are interesting, there's a new Bubble Bobble game coming out for the DS.
Bubble Bobble Double Shot has been announced.
It's a co-op dinosaur game, and of course...
Bubble Bobble, but damn, damn
Oh, that was another one that came out I forgot to mention that's coming out next week here.
Bubble Bobble Evolution for the PSP.
Whoopee!
Yeah, so.
Hooray.
All right.
Something else that will be coming to you very soon is DarkSakura's website of the week.
She serves the internet all over to look for a website that she wants to share with you, and she has one for you right now.
It's her website of the week.
DarkSakura, tell the kids what it is.
This is a website that I'm sure everybody knows about and it's about damn time I mentioned it.
Today's website of the week is 4chan.org.
The number 4, C-H-A-N dot O-R-G.
4chan, where the internet also goes to die when it's not at Myspace.
Home of Catterday.
Home of lots of lovely, lovely Yowie and Yuri and...
Bungie Hentai and NECA and all kinds of art cosplay.
You want to know something funny?
What?
I've never been to this site.
I hear about it all the time, but I just have never thought to go to it.
Oh.
Isn't that, I don't know, am I weird?
4chan has lots of fun, but I love Caterday.
That sounds, that sounds worthy of a visitation.
Well, also, though, on 4chan, the other cool thing is in Oikaki Board, where basically you
Draw.
Oh, weren't those really huge on the internet a couple years ago where you'd have the paint program, basically, and you could save your paint and post it?
Yeah.
That was huge a few years ago.
I used to do... My very first Oekaki that I ever did was of Leafmon.
I don't like that name.
That sounds too close to Buekake.
No, that's Bukake.
I know it's Bukake, but it's close.
Bukake and Oekaki, I should say.
O-E-K-A-K-E, not Bukake.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
What's interesting is that there's some rumors going around about what's coming up with Final Fantasy VI on the Game Boy Advance.
And it's kind of rumor status because it was reported that you're going to be able to have the new characters.
You can do Leo and you can play as Emperor Gestalt, too, which I thought was a very strange character addition, you know.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
having new summons in the game Gilgamesh, Sabertender they will actually be there so at least you'll have that, something extra even if the fangirl fantasy of reviving Leo may in fact not be true but how hard would it be to just let them revive Leo already but I have to admit when I read the story it did sound a little bit too good to be true that it was going to be the Phoenix Esper that revived him and I'm kind of like that almost sounds a little too cliche, I don't know
I still would want to check this out, though, because Final Fantasy VI, good game.
Very good game.
Interesting.
Well, Elebits, which is coming out here in a couple weeks, is actually going to be having some Wii Connect 24 functionality, including level trading.
The custom levels are going to be used, basically built with a point system.
The points are charged for each item used to populate the level, including trash cans,
Elebits, Toy Tanks, etc.
It says no level can exceed 1,000 points.
Basically, the levels can be sent to your friends with screenshots.
And it's kind of a neat little thing.
Probably the first game I've seen actually utilize the Wii Connect 24 system, so looking forward to that.
Picking it up anyways.
Well, that was the last story that we had for you guys tonight.
Unfortunately, we have no Skype line tonight because we're not actually live.
But we will be back live next week at Orange Lounge Radio and, of course, inviting your calls as always and your participation.
I'm sure a lot of you have some built-up stuff, having no show last week and now a tape show this week.
But is there any last-minute stuff from Loki or DarkSakura?
Yeah, I've got a couple things.
I do as well.
Alright, Loki.
Well, no, let's start off with DarkSakura.
Why don't you start us off?
Just for UK news, for Football Manager 2007, Sega and Sports Interactive released a patch for the PC, Mac, and Intel Mac versions of Football Manager 2007.
Basically, the patch deals with some of the issues that the fans brought up.
like some of the bugs that were still in the game.
The patch is saved game compatible but to get the full effect you have to start a new game.
You can actually grab it from Sport Interactive's website over there.
I know it's kind of a big game over there so I thought I'd bring it up.
Alrighty.
If you're looking to use your old Nintendo and Super Nintendo controllers with the Wii Virtual Console games
a website called RetroZone which is at RetroUSB.com and this stuff is actually going to be slash Wii.html you can buy both the adapters for the NES and Super NES controllers and those are priced at $19 each including if you buy a second controller it will have free shipping so that's kind of neat and those would actually plug into your GameCube ports on the Wii so it's pretty cool
And then finally, apparently there's that hacking group Team Executor that was famous for a lot of the PSP stuff.
They've got the full-size SATA hard drive working with the PlayStation 3, and now they have 750 gigabytes on their one PlayStation 3.
For what?
For what?
For what, you may say?
Well, they're working on running the Blu-ray games.
For porn.
For 750 gigs of porn on your PS3.
For running the Blu-ray games off the hard drive.
All right.
I see.
Interesting.
So that's it.
All right.
Well, that's going to do it then for another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey, we want to thank you guys for still tuning in to us and supporting us, even though we weren't here last week.
We're a little bit shorter this week with only one part, but
You know we love you guys out there on the internet for listening to us and supporting independent internet radio.
And we will be back next week with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Two parts live and the usual stuff.
We've missed it.
So we'll be seeing you guys next week.
Until then, on behalf of Jamie Summers and Loki, have a great night.
Oh, crap.
We didn't do final thoughts.
My bad.
My bad.
Okay, quick.
Final thoughts.
DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Money.
Loki.
I think I'm going to call my new show Screwdriver.
I want pumpkin pie.
Good night!
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast programs, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com See you next week!
