The opinions rendered herein are those of the guests, and not necessarily those of Douglas
Goldstein, Profile Investment Services, Ltd., or Israel National News.
The opinions rendered herein are those of the guests, not necessarily those of the guests,
girls do when they go to LA. I know she's been making a lot of LJ posts, which by the
way reminds me to pimp the LiveJournal community. It's a good time. We have a lot of people
there and we like to post show updates and sometimes there will be random discussion
threads as well. Check it out if you're a LiveJournal user. Orange Lounge is our name
on LiveJournal. Also, we have a MySpace. MySpace.com slash Orange Lounge Radio. Give me more friends.
We want more friends. And by the way, clips of old shows are also on there and sometimes
we post announcements as bulletins and fun things like that. We won't spam you too much
on MySpace, we promise. We used to post little pictures when people would add us, like of
little game-related things. We'll probably get back into doing that pretty soon, so maybe
give people incentive to add us because we'll comment on you. The only people that have
a login for that are myself, Loki, and DarkSakura, so you know if you get that, it's one of us
doing it. So, add us on MySpace. It's fun. Yes. Do that or we'll kill the ferret. Anyway,
let's get back into some news. Anyways, so this one website, reghardware.co.uk, is saying
that Sony is going to ship a major PS3 firmware update in March. And what will it contain?
We don't know. But last, SC Europe VP of Technology, Paul Holman, cited by an Australian website,
Smart House, said, new features and new gaming capabilities. Well, that could be anything.
God damn people. You know, actually, you know, it's only bad enough that we report on this
because it's someone reporting on someone else reporting on something else saying, there
will be new things coming. Where is equally the blame? I guess there's not too much to
be surprised here. What I think is interesting about this story is that if they do release
a big firmware update in March, then it looks like they might be kind of mirroring a little
bit what the 360 is doing with their biannual updates, right? Because they have to do the
fall update and the spring update, at least that's what they promise. And I believe they
were doing that on the old school Xbox as well, so this would, you know, kind of line
up with that. It makes sense. One of the rumors, because one of the stories ran, was that it
would be the 1080i fix. And, well, we know that's not the case because they already released
that. Alright, well, you know, if this whole PlayStation 3 thing is just not for you, this
blogger over at 3dgamer.blogspot.com posted this big list of things you could do instead
of buying a PlayStation 3. You could fly to London. You could pay your rent for a month.
You could buy 300 Big Macs or 3,000 bandages. You could buy 60 large cheese pizzas, 250
gallons of gas. You could buy a 1988 Mazda 323. I guess that's the Blue Book value of
it. You could buy 15 shares of Sony Corps, though that might not be the best idea right
now. You could take a skydiving course and do four jumps. You could get a personal trainer
and do 17 sessions at the gym. You could buy 225 pounds of canned tuna. Or, and it ends
here on a nice on note, you could provide food, shelter, and clothing for two children
for an entire year and have $150 left over for something nice for yourself. What this
doesn't address are the eBay profiteers, though. They don't factor that in. So, I think they
should have said, you know, all these eBay profiteers are stealing from the poor, defenseless
children who have no roof over their head, you bastards.
Think of the children.
I know. Why isn't anyone thinking of the children?
But can you play Resistance on 225 pounds of tuna? I think not. At least that's what
Sony would tell you.
Anywho...
You can't play Ridge Racer with 30 years' worth of toothpaste.
Oh, anyways. Well, definitely time for some wonderful street dates, as always. And I like
to start things off, like we normally do, with some exclusive street dates that you
probably haven't heard from any place else.
So let's get going here. Now, there's a few stories that came out this week with games
that are coming out. One of those, of course, is D3's Simple 2000 series game for the 360
called Earth Defense Force X. And that's coming out on the 360 in the United States on March
21st. And it's only going to be retailing for $39.99. So not bad. I'm glad they're actually
bringing out some cool games like that.
One game that we saw a little bit about, I think last month, was Def Jam Icon. It will
be coming out on PlayStation 3 and the Xbox 360 on March 7th. March is, of course, a big
month for gaming beyond November here.
Of course, around the same time, we're also going to be getting Godfather on the PlayStation
3. Yay, a game that's over a year old now. And Godfather the game on the Wii. Now, that
hasn't been said anywhere yet. That'll be interesting.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Godfather on the Wii?
Godfather on the Wii.
The fuck?
That'll be fun. I can't wait to play it.
I mean, you're going to get to bitch-slap someone with a controller and it'll, like,
actually work?
I think so.
That might be kind of fun, actually. They really do need Grand Theft Auto on the Wii,
don't they?
Oh, I can't wait.
I want to, you know, be able to pull the hooker out of the car, like, in the real motion,
and then, you know, bitch-slap her.
Anyways, Rainbow Six-
Rated M.
Rainbow Six Vegas for the PlayStation 3. One of those wonderful launch titles delayed to
March 14th. Co-PlayStation 3. A little bit, you know, more difficult to develop for, apparently,
than we thought. Sonic the Hedgehog also delayed on the PlayStation 3 until January 17th.
Oh, are they going to make the game fun?
Probably not.
SSX Blur, which is going to be coming out on the Wii, also coming out in March on March
14th, and that would look pretty cool. I can't wait. They've cheapified it a little bit,
and it looks pretty fun.
I like the cute little video I think you played on our pre-tape show last week. It looked
pretty cute.
Yeah.
Some other stuff. Forza 2 has been delayed until May 16th of next year. Yay.
There's some new DS games coming out, including Theme Park, which I think was announced this
week. That's coming out March 21st, 2007. And another game called Pogo Island, which
is coming out on March 27th.
Finally, Stranglehold, another launch game that was supposedly coming out on the PlayStation
3, delayed to June 1st of next year.
Sid Meier's Pirates on the PlayStation Portable is going to be coming out February 26th. This
one, as I teased on the Wednesday show, Charlie Brown All Stars for PlayStation 2 coming out
March 28th.
Rad.
And then finally, Silent Hill Origins, such an interesting game on the PS3, delayed all
the way to April 25th.
Hmm. Interesting. But of course, dates are subject to change, as they always are. And
one thing I wanted to ask you about, actually, this wasn't anywhere on the show world, but
something we put on OrangeOnTrader.com earlier this week is that folks have been spotted
on the internet playing DDR Universe on Xbox Live, which would indicate that the game has
gone gold, I would believe, or else the achievements and things would not be loaded on Xbox's servers
so that we could find them. So, March still?
So, March.
Are you sure? Because if the game's gone gold, don't you think this will make the January
date?
No.
All right.
Still positive it's in March.
Why? What makes you so damn sure?
Their January game is, or actually, they don't have a game in January.
Well, there you go.
February.
No.
Okay, they have games coming out in January. They have Yu-Gi-Oh! GX, I want to say, Tag
Force is coming out, and then, I don't think anything else.
Yeah, well, what if you go to work tomorrow and then, oop, the date got shifted. They
bumped it up.
They normally don't bump stuff up. I'm thinking they're waiting until March. March is the
big dates, you know, for games. It's the second push of the, or I guess, the first push of
the year, other than November. So, it's still going to stick to March. You'll see. You'll
see.
We will.
We will.
We will.
We will.
We will.
So, we shall see.
And just because they're playing it online, hey, remember, Pimps at Sea is online right
now. Does that mean he'll...
But you couldn't go in and see, like, the little graphics and all the achievements and
everything. Those weren't loaded on Xbox's servers. You couldn't do anything with that.
It just showed that they were playing Pimps at Sea. But with DDR Universe, that's how
we were able to get all the achievements.
So, it doesn't mean anything.
Oh, we'll see.
We will see.
We will see.
MF'er.
Let's go to our buddies over in the UK. Since Dark Sakura is not here this week, I'm filling
in with some dates that you will be getting some new games. Of course, things are starting
to slow down a little bit since it is getting towards the end of the year. But you do have
a few games coming out the week of the 15th, including Cats and Dogs 2006. Those are two
separate games, Cats and Dogs 2006.
Hamsters is also coming out on the DS, so that should be fun. Star Wars Lethal Alliance
on the DS, now that sounds pretty good.
Superman Returns, the video game on PlayStation 2. Oh. Oh. I played the demo of Superman Returns
for Xbox 360. Sucked.
You know, it was more fun to pick up a stranger and try to drop them in the ocean or leave
them on the beach and then fly away. Like, I had more fun with the whole sandbox element
than playing the actual game. It's pretty bad. I'm not going to pick up the full game
based off that demo. I know you're not supposed to make a final judgment of a game based off
a demo, but seriously, don't put it on Marketplace if you don't want people to do that.
I can't pull my pre-order from based off the demo.
Yeah, I can't say I blame you. Oh, also, The Sims 2 Pets coming out on the PSP, also from
EA. Far Cry Vengeance and Marvel Ultimate Alliance on the Wii on the 22nd. Also, Star
Trek Tactical Assault on the DS, also on the 22nd.
And also for the U.S. Sorry, did I cut you off? My bad. No, not yet. It's okay.
Anyways, so, the U.S. We've got some pretty good releases this week. Twilight Princess
on the GameCube, you know, for those who may not have a Wii yet. Definitely worth picking
up. Holdouts.
All your holdouts. Star Trek Legacy, which actually I think that
came out last week. Some of this list is wrong. Anyways, moving on.
I don't remember seeing Star Trek Legacy when I went to the store today.
I thought that was last week. It's moved around so many times it's hard for me to remember.
Blazing Angels on PlayStation 3. Yay.
And Fullmetal Alchemist Dual Sympathy on the DS.
What you hear is supposed to be better than the PlayStation 2 ones.
Let's see here. Elibits on the Wii. I can't wait to pick that one up. That one looks pretty
awesome. I want to get that too, yeah.
Let's see here. Then, I do believe on the PC we've got Rayman's Raving Rabbids finally
making its way out there. And, let's see here. Oh, there's actually a few other things on
the Wii. Metal Slug Anthology.
Chicken Little Ace in Action. Rainbow Six Vegas is finally making its way
on the PC. And then, on the PSP we've got Blitz Overtime.
Which is a part of Blitz League. And then, actually I don't think there's any
love for PlayStation 2. Not too much at least. College Hoops 2K7 which was delayed from the
original Xbox 360 launch. And then, yeah, that's about it.
December is really horrible for games. Yeah, I mean we got most of your big shit
already last month. Pretty much, yeah.
Japan, also kind of slow over there. But they are getting some releases including on December
14th on the Xbox 360 they're getting Phantasy Star Universe finally.
We actually got it first on the 360 here in America.
So, rumor is the Japanese and English servers are supposedly together.
So, you might start seeing some Japanese players start populating the game if you're an Xbox
360 player. Also, a game called Earth Defense Forces 3
coming out on the 14th of December. They're getting Lost Planet on December 21st
might I point out as well. Coming out on the PlayStation 3, Full Auto
2, Battle Lines. Oh, that's actually, is that the US release
actually? Could be? I believe that it came, the US one came out
last week. Oh, so they're getting I guess that over
in the Asian territories as well. Motorstorm, also the Japanese version of Motorstorm
coming out December 14th. We have to wait until March.
Coming out, well, trust me it isn't much. Coming out on the Wii, Pokemon Battle Revolution
and Rayman Raving Rabbids. Also, a title based off of Bleach is coming
out there as well on the Nintendo Wii. Coming out on the PlayStation 2, Beat Mania
2DX Happy Sky. A lot of you music game fans have been waiting
for that one. That is finally coming out this week, December
14th. So, be on the lookout for that.
Lots and lots of PS2 titles by the way coming out this week in Japan.
Nobunaga no Yabu. Actually, I think that's just going into best hits this week.
Harukanaru Toki no Naka de 2 also going into the best hits.
And looks like a lot of games getting price reductions on the PS2 this week in Japan.
So check that out. Well, as I mentioned earlier.
Wait, one more, sorry, one more. I want to say on the DS, three Rockman games
coming out. Ryuusi no Rockman Dragon, Leo and Pegasus
all coming out December 14th. Now, what's the funniest game title for this
week? For the DS?
Just for anything. I don't know, there's not a lot of funny stuff
this week. Oh, here we go.
Stationary style set DS Lite, although that's not a game, it's just a set.
It's like a little, you know, like accessory. I don't know, that's the best I could do,
sorry. Okay, anyway.
No Love Hamster this week, sorry. Love Hamster.
Let's see, anyways, as I mentioned earlier, the PlayStation 3 just had a firmware update
and was fixing some of the issues that they had with 720p being downscaled to 480p for
those people that had older TVs that couldn't do the 720p and only did 1080i.
Well, apparently there's a firmware update now, the version 1.3, which actually made
attempts to patching that. It makes the 1080i the default resolution
now, and then the 720p as kind of secondary, so for the people that had, you know, the
1080i only HDTVs, you know, kind of fixed some of that.
However, though, there's still, if you want to watch a Blu-ray movie, the machine will
still scale it back, I guess, to 480p, so you have to switch it manually.
It sounds like that they've sort of fixed the problem, but not quite fixed it all the
way yet, so a little confusing, I guess, you know, mainly having switched up.
Why can't it be just simple, like the 360 where, you know, if it's in 1080i, it stays
in 1080i unless they pop in a DVD, which is only going to go to 480p anyways.
I mean, I don't know, why can't you just manually select your resolution?
That seems like it should make sense. Stop trying to think for me.
Well, I know Sony's been taking a lot of heat lately, but slowly but surely, we're starting
to hear some pretty rad things coming out of Sony, and I think this is pretty awesome.
Even though there is no, you know, price or date set for this, the PlayStation Network
is going to be getting Tekken 5 Dark Resurrection.
I think that's pretty rad.
That's pretty awesome.
Yeah.
That's according to Famitsu Weekly, and Bandai Namco is going to be releasing this for the
download service.
Probably Japan will get this first, but at least gives us an idea of what's to come.
The PlayStation 3 version will feature full 1080p visual, and you'll also be able to play
Jinpachi, who previously was unplayable because he was a boss in the arcade version.
All the various modes that you saw in the arcade game, including Arcade Battle, Ghost
Battle, Gallery, will also be available in the PlayStation 3 version.
No word, though, if you could play it online.
I mean, I think that would be a pretty cool addition, but then again, if they were to
go that far with it, shit, they could probably release it as a full game and make pretty
good money.
So, it'll be interesting to see how much they charge for this on the PlayStation Network.
Certainly could be one of the, you know, I think PlayStation's kind of been looking for
its geometry wars, and sure, you've got Blast Factor and Blow, or Blow, Flow, Flow seems
to look pretty cool if you've played the little web application online.
I'm not going to live that one down.
But this could be like the, you know, must have.
This in like Gran Turismo HD also coming out in the network, you know, they're going to
have some pretty powerful stuff on their network soon, so Sony, and you know, I guess they
got Lemmings this week, too.
Yeah, Lemmings 2, and it was a remake.
It was completely redone.
Lemmings 2 was fun.
I liked it.
So, slowly but surely is Sony making some waves in the online scene, I must say.
For once, I say, good job, Sony.
Yep, and actually Enchanted Arms for the PlayStation 3 is going to be getting some enhancements
as well.
It's kind of cool just to see that it's not just a port.
What they're going to be adding, though, are going to be some graphical tweaks, of course,
including new character animations, new chapters to the story, new golems will appear, and
the battle system will be improved.
Will the voice acting be improved?
I don't know about that.
Well, that's too bad.
Even the themes for the opening and ending will be recomposed by Mink.
That's kind of weird.
I wonder why.
It seemed fine in the 360 version.
Okay, whatever.
Whatever they want to do.
I would not pay $60 for this on PlayStation 3, though, when I already have it on Xbox.
It's a decent game.
I think for most people, unless you're like hardcore RPG, it's probably going to be a
little more of a rental for you, but I had a good time with it on 360.
I really do need to finish the damn game.
You know me.
I have gamer ADD.
I can never stick with one game too long.
Well, a lot of flack coming Sony's way, even though we just said something nice about them.
Of course, other folks out there like to, ourselves included, we're no less guilty,
have given Sony a lot of flack.
This is very interesting.
Again, your favorite, Loki, the analyst groups.
This analyst group called Symphonie has noticed that as far as market influence goes, HD DVD
has a 46% more positive discussions when it comes to websites than Blu-ray.
About half as many people are impressed with Blu-ray visuals than are with HD DVD visuals.
I guess these guys are scanning websites to see what people are saying.
Of course, they don't say what websites they're looking at, but whatever.
Now what's interesting about this is that they say the key reasons for the low Blu-ray
acceptance is the forced inclusion on the PlayStation 3 and Sony's previous format reputation.
This might be alluding to the fact that PlayStation 3 might actually be being harmed by the fact
that the Blu-ray is a forced thing on it.
Just like the UMDs, UMDs didn't really take off either.
We all know why UMDs didn't work, because they were charging more than they were for
the DVDs and there wasn't as much on them, and that you couldn't watch them on a TV.
It was a stupid format from the beginning, really.
If they had charged half as much as the DVDs, I bet the format would have done a whole lot
better.
A whole lot better.
I just want to say, by the way, what a report like this could do is it could make more of
those movie studios want to put out HD DVDs, which in the end is going to really hurt Sony.
It is going to hurt them, because pretty soon it's not going to be...
And that's the thing with Blu-ray and HD DVD.
I don't think anyone is really jumping into it right now either, because I buy a movie
that's in...
I buy an HD DVD player.
Well, now some of my movies are going to be on this format and some of them aren't.
So what?
I have to buy two different players?
Fuck that shit.
I ain't going to buy that stuff.
Everyone's waiting until one format prevails and that's what they're going to buy.
Black Wolf, our good buddy Bobby Black Wolf is in chat right now, and he's bringing up
an interesting point.
He says HD DVD has a reference DVD that really shows off the power of the format, King Kong.
Blu-ray doesn't really have a comparable reference DVD.
He says Talladega Nights, which you might be thinking, not really a good choice, because
King Kong was more of an action type movie and big special effects.
Talladega Nights, maybe a few racing scenes here and there, but otherwise not exactly
a big explosions and manly man movie to show off the effects.
What they need to do is they need to fucking bring out the special edition of Final Fantasy
Advent Children.
That shit would blow people away.
Might not be a bad title for Blu-ray.
That's the only thing I want Blu-ray for is that movie, but GS68 says they should use
snakes on a plane.
I don't think the snakes on a plane should be used for a reference for anything other
than crappy movie.
Anyways, so the PlayStation 3, Sony is of course talking about improvements that they're
possibly going to make to the system as well.
They're talking about introducing new third party applications and hardware, new controller
schemes like the Eye of Judgment that's going to suck and-
Shit, we haven't heard about that in a long time, have we?
Maybe they went back and made it better.
That was supposed to be a launch title.
What ever fucking happened to that?
Oh, I know, because it sucks as a game console peripheral, because you have to have this
giant elaborate set up to play a card game.
No, I don't think so.
That's not what I'm going to spend my $600 on.
But it's the Eye of Judgment.
At least that's how they were always introducing it.
The Eye of Judgment.
Yeah, they could have gotten away with the brown Eye of Judgment and take a dump on your
console.
Anyways, so it's kind of interesting though about the whole article and this one text
site Smart House saying that Sony will launch a PlayStation 4 but not any sooner than 2010.
Wait a second, I thought the PlayStation 3 is future proof and it's going to have a ten
year cycle.
Oopsies.
Anyways, so, duh, they're going to be adding more content and more stuff like iTunes and
blah, blah, blah.
It's going to basically be the same thing as all the other consoles out there.
They're going to offer download services for video and for music and for games.
It's not a big surprise.
Unless they said, you know, the PlayStation 4 is going to print money.
I'm surprised that Circuit City ad did not say that the DS prints money or something
like that.
I keep thinking of that picture I've seen all throughout the internet where it says
it prints money.
It has the happy Iwata and Miyamoto.
Anyway, I'm thinking about PlayStation 4 and I kind of think about it in my mind.
I know it's way too early to think about it.
What could really be better?
I mean, graphically these games are starting to look so realistic.
It's hard to imagine what could be even better, but I guess you never know.
I mean, I guess I won't know it until I see it.
And you know, a lot of us probably thought the same thing when the NES first came out.
Like, oh man, this is so much better than Atari 2600.
Games will never look better than this.
Listen, okay, the PlayStation 4 is going to be able to put out games at fucking 240 frames
per second and it's going to be in full 2160p.
Yes, but will it have the Eye of Judgment?
Of course it will.
And you know what the Eye of Judgment is going to be used for now?
Plane checkers.
Because checkers have never been so extreme.
Seriously, do you, I mean, I don't know about you, but like, if you were to play Magic Cards,
do you actually imagine, like, throwing a fireball at somebody or are your monsters
actually attacking?
Or is it just more of a strategy game that you're playing as characters?
I mean, do you really need the visual representation of your monster attacking some other monster?
And is that really worth the, you know, $600 for the console and there's a giant elaborate
setup that looks like it would never work as a peripheral?
I mean, and can you really imagine yourself, I bought this system and I bought these special
cards which, by the way, can probably be photocopied and used in the game, you know, instead of
buying these special decks because there's no copy protection against these cards.
I want to see them release this thing because it's the dumbest idea on the face here.
I remember when we went and saw this thing being demonstrated at E3, I walked out of
there and go, what the fuck was that?
I mean, this is not going to work as a game.
Which is funny because Miyamoto was going in right after us and I think you probably
heard that.
It was the dumbest thing, they were like, I wanted to raise my hand and go, why would
you buy this?
I mean, really, this is stupid.
And with the tech demo right now, great, leave it as a tech demo, then you see it as a launch
game.
No, it's stupid.
Just stop wasting the time on this and produce some better games.
I like the brown eye of judgment, that's something they should do.
I'm seriously, I mean, the brown eye of judgment would be more of a beneficial peripheral than
the fucking, you know, at least it would be neat, you know, I mean, like, look, the PlayStation
3 just took a dump, I mean, that's a lot cooler than saying, look, I made a card game, I mean,
come on.
I mean, they have the little dollies that will fucking take a dump when you feed them,
I mean, if your console can do the same thing, that'd be kind of neat, I guess.
I don't know, I can't just imagine with the brown eye of judgment when you're doing so
horribly in a game, the console shits itself.
Wait, you know, they have rumble on your-
My Sony, my Sony, wherever I go, he goes.
It's like this, okay, you know how they have the rumble features, you know, when there's
something scary on the screen, it'll shake, well, now your console can actually shit itself
when something scary is on the screen.
I mean, this is how ridiculous this peripheral is, I mean, I really wish our listeners could
have been there at E3 when they're demonstrating this thing, because it was the most ridiculous
peripheral.
It was like-
Isn't somebody in the room like it was you or somebody asked, like, what the hell's the
point of this thing?
Like, I swear to God, someone asked the question, like, what are you going to do with this?
I mean-
Like, is this it?
Like, I swear you asked, like, is this it?
Could I just copy the guards?
I mean, seriously, what is it?
And they raced us out of there.
It was so horrible.
Sorry.
I like this, Jeremy Todd one says, the brown eye of judgment, this thing is the shit.
You know what else never gets old is stories about stupid children and stupid parents.
A South Carolina woman recently called the cops on her 12-year-old son and had him arrested,
charged with petty larceny for stealing a Christmas present from under the tree.
What does this have to do with games?
Well, it was a Game Boy Advance.
Now, supposedly, this actually follows a string of crimes committed by the kid, shoplifting,
stealing from mom's wallet, and, oh, punching a cop.
Well, I'm glad that they got him in before it was too late, you know?
Next thing you know, he's going to murder someone-
Stealing from Santa Claus.
No, no, no, that's a big no-no.
You know what they should do when they take him into court, they should say, so you're
into games, huh?
Well, instead of having a normal judge, we're going to bring in the brown eye of judgment
and then it will decide if it's going to shit on the kid or not.
That'd be great.
You know what?
No, it's kind of interesting.
I'm surprised they haven't sued Nintendo over the Game Boy Advance because the desire for
the console made him punch a cop because I'm sure that's what they're going to, you know-
You know, there's a story that didn't get on our show roll tonight that I want to say
Rob Way sent to our mailbox, and sorry about that, buddy, we just, um, I forgot to put
it on there, but I'll mention it now.
Something about, speaking of cops, that cops were using their badges to cut to the front
of the PlayStation 3 line.
Did you hear about that?
Yeah.
They were, like, using their authority-
I'm not surprised.
Respect my authority!
And then give me a PlayStation 3.
Yeah, they did that with the 360, too.
A security guard did the same thing with the 360.
It's kind of messed up.
Yeah.
Gotta have it.
Anyways.
That's why the kid punched the cop.
Definitely.
BIPORG99 in our chat says, who buys Game Boy Advance anymore?
Get a DS instead.
True.
No one buys Game Boy Advance.
I haven't sold one in ages.
Anywho.
So, now there's a brand new campaign that's being launched by GameStop, among other people,
to kind of educate parents on the ESRB rating system.
Don't copy that floppy!
Oh, sorry, the ratings.
Rating systems, not copying games.
Anyways.
So, they've launched a brand new website called respecttheradings.com, and it's basically
talking about what the ratings mean, and how you can enforce them better with your kids.
Basically talking about the different genres of games and stuff.
Also having a bit of- they have some actual terminology on here, which is great, because
they actually define frag, defeating an opponent in a first or third person shooter game.
Like giblets, tiny pieces of what's left of the character when they meet an unfortunate
end.
Giblets sounds like something your brown eye of judgement leaves on the camera.
Just talking about different things.
It's interesting.
I guess a good tool for parents, to be honest, no matter how many websites like this, and
how many posters, and how many people across the counter tell you about the rating system.
You're still going to have a mom calling her cops on the kid because she can't keep a Christmas
present under wraps.
And you're still going to have fucking people suing game companies because their kid committed
a crime and they found little Billy had a mature rating game.
I had no idea what the M meant.
I thought it meant it was good.
M for mom with the tattoo.
This is interesting.
Going back to the last story a little bit.
Rama in our chat room says, Jimmy Kimmel had him and his mom on the show last week and
gave the kid the entire OZ DVD collection as a reminder of what happens in jail.
Do not parade this child on your talk show.
He's supposed to be punished.
Dude, he punched a cop.
I don't care if the cop punched him first.
You don't do that.
It's not like he just stole the damn thing from under the tree.
I mean, they're having him and his mom on television going like, oh, ha ha ha, it's just
a big misunderstanding, wah wah wah wah, we're one big happy dysfunctional family.
He's probably like on there, man, if I knew it was going to be this famous, I would have
stabbed the bitch in the vagina.
Exactly.
I'm just encouraging him to do it again and worse, because what's going to happen when
this kid's 15 minutes of fame runs out this time?
In fact, I'm done talking about him.
I don't want to talk about this kid anymore.
I'm glad I didn't say his name.
So yeah, respect the ratings, bitch.
That's what GameStop says.
And Activision also is hoping folks respect the ratings.
They're actually surveying parents on the ESRB.
They found that an overwhelming 84% of parents were familiar with the ESRB rating system.
79% of them say they pay close attention to the ratings of games their children play.
Very interesting.
Now, you know, also 80.4% of all statistics are made up on the spot, I suppose, but they
do say that in this survey, 1,014 online interviews were conducted among a nationally representative
group of video game players aged 88 to 24 and their parents.
They did this over a week from a Harrison group, who I've heard of before.
They're a pretty respectable surveying group.
So interesting.
Well, great.
Well, there were some interesting guides.
I know one of them was posted on Engadget this week talking about what you need, because
definitely one of the big gifts this holiday season is HGTVs, especially with game systems
out there, a lot of them requiring high def for better graphics and stuff.
You're going to need an HGTV at some point.
It's time to go with the times.
So there's a wonderful little guide, and actually this was done by A&E Interactive, part of
Mercury News, and they've got a guide to what gamers need to know when buying an HGTV.
And they go through everything from the basics, including what the different things mean,
including 480p, what the progressive versus interlaced means.
Very interesting stuff, including comparisons between flat panel or rear projection, etc.
And personally, the other thing, I don't know if it was mentioned on here, but another thing
you might want to check also when looking into a TV is websites like IGN, for example,
were running lists of HGTVs and possible lag on these TVs.
So you want to check into lag, definitely.
Also price-wise, you want to make sure that your TV is going to be putting out the right
resolution for you, whether you want to sell at 720p or you want to spend the money and
get 1080p.
And really, unless you have a really large TV, you're not going to really notice the
difference between 1080p and probably 1080i.
You know what they're really considering though, is it cheap?
Because most of these guys are what, like college kids that are trying to pool together
the money they've got to buy a good TV, so they're just going to buy something cheap.
If I were our listeners, what I would do is, and this is how I bought my TV, shopping around
I actually found Newegg.com was pretty cheap, they had a lot of refurbished TVs.
And you can buy refurbished TV, maybe it's last year's model or earlier this year, whatever,
but it's still pretty good for the price.
And I got a 37-inch TV, does upwards to 1080i, actually has built-in VGA, DVI, et cetera,
for about $800.
And it wasn't that bad.
And they're only going to come down in price.
And probably if you shop right after Christmas, I think you're going to get a lot of deals
that way too.
Here's how I got mine.
About a year ago, I bought an HDTV at Costco for about $600.
And that was a 30-inch widescreen, now it was a CRT, so I had a big back and some things
were a little bit blurry on it.
But here's the thing, that thing broke after like a year, but since I bought it from Costco,
they'll take it back.
So I took it because I still had the receipt, I held onto that baby.
So I took it back to the Costco, they took it back, and for about $100 more, I got an
upgrade to a flat 32-inch widescreen TV that's pretty awesome.
Costco's an in-house brand, but you know what, it works great for what I need.
And the one I bought, it's I don't think really a name brand, but it's just fine.
Really when you're buying a lot of these TVs, they're Sony or Toshiba or whatever, you're
buying it based off a brand, and brand names sometimes run a lot more expensive than they
really need to.
So just read the reviews online, compare pricing, compare features, definitely read any feedback
people have left about certain TVs and stuff, what issues you may run into.
Like mine, going into it, I knew it had a crappy TV remote, and when I bought it, yeah,
it has a really crappy TV remote that sucks balls, but that's the only thing that's really
bad about it, and that can be fixed if I really want to with a universal remote.
And I'm just too lazy and I don't care, so it'll work just fine.
But that's about it.
So just really do your research and score a pretty good HDTV.
Or if you're really cheap, just fucking buy the VGA cables for whatever system you want
to play it on, and just play it on your TV or your computer monitor.
That's what I did with my 360 before I had an HDTV, and it works just good, so interesting.
All right, well we're going to get into the mailbag, but first we're going to go to our
voicemail of the week, and if you want to leave us a voicemail, you can always give
us a call after show hours to 1-877-GAME-OLR.
That's a toll-free number in the US and Canada.
Get this, here is our voicemail of the week that somebody left.
I love you guys!
That's it.
Well, we love you too, but next time leave your name.
Needless to say, we have not been getting many voicemails of the week, so we are encouraging
you guys to leave your thoughts on the program in audio format by giving us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Thanks to the anonymous listener who was spreading the love there, though, we appreciate it.
It inflates our egos.
We like that.
Let's get into our mailbag, boys and girls, mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
Of course, Dark Sakura is not here this week, which means I'm going to be reading the mail,
so deal.
Next email comes to us from ureelover tonight.
Dear OLR, you guys suck!
And sarcasm.
He was just teasing because we said we didn't get enough hate mail.
Anyway, I remember listening to one of the podcasts a few weeks ago, and I forgot to
email you guys about it.
It was during the Wii launch, and some people were playing Risk at the front of the waiting
line, just like the old gamers back in the day do.
And I was just wondering, what bored tabletop games would you like to see in the Xbox 360
Marketplace Wii Connect PlayStation 3 online service?
I personally would like to see a couple things, first being Risk.
I would love to be able to say to the other people, I have Australia, bitches!
Or eat that, com shtaka!
Another one would be Monopoly, just seeing people's faces when they land on Park Place
with a hotel, and if they'd have to pay up.
The last one would be Candyland.
Don't know why, but I bet it would be Microsoft's new Gears of War or Halo 3.
Definitely.
Keep up the good work, and reject false icons.
Thank you, ureelover.
So what bored games would you like to see on the PlayStation 3 or Xbox Live?
What do you think?
I'd like to see a second Monopoly, that might be fun, especially with the Xbox Live Vision
camera.
Because then you can dress up like Mr. Moneybags.
And I'm trying to think, actually...
Well you know you're getting Settlers of Catan in some of the British games, which
is kind of cool.
They're also doing Checkers and Chess, I think, at some point too.
I remember that was with the Vision camera.
Battleship might be pretty fun.
You know, actually, it'd be kind of cool to see some other, like...
I have one, I have one, Clue.
Clue would be fun.
Clue would be awesome.
And I don't want regular Clue, I want Clue Master Detective.
Or how about if you could, like, patch your, like, they could, see, you know what Xbox
could do?
Is that they could charge you then, like, you know, 80 points to download, you know,
The Simpsons Clue, and, you know, what other Clue games they've done.
All the licensed versions of Clue that they have, and, you know, Cameo Clue, and Project
Gotham Racing Clue.
I think it was the Ford.
It was the Ford in the Indy Raceway with the carbon monoxide.
Okay, maybe that's kind of lame, I don't know.
Next email comes to us from DDR Dollar Bill.
Hi, my name is Bill, though some of the DDR players from New York City and New Jersey
know me as Dollar Bill.
I used to freestyle on DDR a lot since 2001 and still do, though not as much anymore.
I did compete this year at Digital Life, though it was all improv and not meant to be taken
seriously.
I was the best, but I certainly was not the worst either.
The times I've had were wonderful, and I made some great stories of going to various tournaments.
There's a few videos of me floating around, some good, some not so good.
Seems that if it was good, it was good, and if it was bad, it was, well, let's not go
there.
Before I get into it, I do wonder if I'm one of the older listeners out there at age 31.
I know for a fact we do have some listeners above the age of 31, and in fact, you know,
our own Dark Sakura is 30, and I'm 28, so not too far away, and Loki, you're what, 26?
We're not that far away.
Bill goes on to say, I just wanted to say that the entire cast does a great job in every
broadcast.
I started listening to the podcast mainly once after I got a working iPod after going
through about four of them and a creative Zen that went emo and killed itself after
playing the theme song for Evangelion.
I always look forward to each podcast, though I do enjoy your live show more.
There's times I can't make Sunday nights due to other things going on.
What I do enjoy about each show is the fresh insight into gaming, not the standard garbage
that some game magazine's websites tend to publish, but rather one from every man's,
and woman, I haven't forgot about you, Jamie, especially since you're also a Whovian, point
of view.
I recently have classified myself more as a casual gamer of late, not having the time
to play every game out there, nor the finances to purchase every hot new game release, so
I need to be more selective in what I picked up, and I've tended to agree with pretty much
of most of what has been recommended, Elite Beat Agents, Luminous for the Mobile, or two
examples I can think of right away, plunking $40 to $60 per game only to come up disappointed,
and being only able to get the most half of my money back is not a good way to keep a
living.
I best end this letter before the chat room explodes with people saying to shut the fuck
up and so forth.
In conclusion, great show, guys.
Keep up the work, and see you on the chat rooms whenever I can.
That was a very nice email.
Thank you.
I thought there was a question in it.
Well, I thought there was a question here somewhere, but I guess the older listeners'
part was the question, but that's all right.
We appreciate a nice fuzzy email once in a while that makes us feel good about what we
do and not getting paid for it.
We appreciate it.
You guys are awesome.
Yeah, I'm going to be honest.
A lot of gaming mags and online publications, we've seen it firsthand.
We've heard them talking at the various press events, and what they do is they rehash the
press releases that they're given and turn it into an exclusive, so that's what your
money's going for usually when you're paying for those subscriptions and things.
We on the other hand actually like to play the games before we say anything about it,
or we try to as much as we can.
Next email comes to us from Ricky.
As we upgrade our gaming hardware, we must at some point upgrade our televisions.
To achieve the best display of your next gen system, you must have a really expensive TV.
This kind of goes into your last story.
This is what your average consumer will be slapped in the face with once they purchase
a system and realize that there is only a marginal difference from old gen to new gen.
The only people I know that can discern the differences and meanings of the whole 720i,
1080p thing are the people that talk with the best buyer rep as they are persuaded to
buy a wallet melting television.
In the future, do you think that there will be a particular method of getting the word
out about HD resolutions in the mainstream media, making the info about HD available
to everyone so they can upgrade too?
Your thoughts?
I'm sure they're going to have, well they already have kind of, not really public service
stuff, but they have info.
I think unfortunately what you see now is what you're going to get.
I think since it is best buying those types of places selling the TVs, it is going to
be those folks selling them, obviously trying to sell the most expensive ones and the replacement
plans or whatever, that are going to unfortunately be all there is for most people.
I don't exactly see them running commercials on TV.
Maybe in 2007, as I think especially next Christmas, HD TVs are going to be a big, big
deal.
I mean they already are a little bit this Christmas, but next Christmas especially,
I think they're going to be even more affordable, but I don't think you're going to see a lot
of, the brochures and things you're going to see are going to be a best buy.
Circuit City, the place is selling the TVs.
I don't exactly see there being a big public knowledge campaign.
In the end, people are going to look at what's up on the wall and what's showing on the screen
and they're going to go, which one's pretty?
So if a gamer, it's tough for a gamer because they don't show a lot of video games on those
things.
So it's hard to choose when you're a gamer what type of TV will look best for your games.
You kind of have to base it off whatever in-store feed they have running.
So it makes the choice a little more difficult.
We'll see though.
We could be proven wrong.
Who knows?
Who knows what they'll do.
All right.
Let's go to the next email, which comes to us from Nim.
Hey guys, how's it going?
I haven't been able to listen to your show for a couple of weeks, seeing as I finally
got my hands on BeatMania 2DX and a new girlfriend.
Hey, keep your hands off her.
You may not appreciate that.
No, I'm kidding.
If you ask, it's okay.
But that's besides the point.
Okay, I feel like touching on a few subjects at hand since I listened to your last podcast.
First of all, I'm not sure I quote unquote hate Sony, but I don't think I'm going to
even get a PS3 until they start releasing some better games or some I've heard rumors
about such as Final Fantasy 7 or they start releasing BeatMania 2DX on it.
The war with me is probably going to be with Microsoft and Nintendo here.
The games already released for the 360 look great and I want them badly.
Kind of along the same lines with the Wii, but I'm going to be waiting to get that
because I've been dying to play Brawl since I've heard about it.
What are some of the rumors you've heard about it?
I've heard there were supposedly over 100 characters supposed to be in it.
I highly doubt that, sorry.
Thanks guys, I'll be tuning in hopefully tonight or I'll get your podcast tomorrow.
That comes from Nim.
You know what's interesting though?
You say that the real war is between Microsoft and Nintendo, but I actually disagree because
if Microsoft and Nintendo can pull enough of the share away from Sony, then they could
both effectively claim victory in here.
Let's face it, they were not number one the last time around, so either one of them comes
up on top or even goes from number two to number, let's say Nintendo goes from number
three to number two, they're going to be sitting pretty.
Some speculate Nintendo is going to go from number three all the way to number one this
time.
Again, speculation.
I'm an analyst, and Xbox 360 is going to stay at number two, but it's going to be
a bigger number two than it was the last time around for them, so if they can take more
of Sony's share, then they both can effectively win, you know what I mean?
Any thoughts from you, Loki, on this?
Of course, Microsoft say both them and Nintendo take the large share away from Sony.
I'm sure they're not going to settle for number two, so you know, there will be a clear winner
I think, but I don't know, I think the 360 is doing pretty good so far where they have
kind of something for everybody, although the only casual games I've seen so far, mainly
just on Xbox Live Arcade and even, well I guess Viva Pinata would be a casual game,
but it sucks.
I didn't think it was that bad, it's just different.
It's not what you think it is, it's not for kids either, I didn't think a kid could
get into that game, but anyway, that's beside the point.
You know what else is interesting about this time around is I really think it's going
to be different region to region.
I think the UK is fucking pissed at Sony and they're probably not going to forgive them
for it anytime soon, I don't see Sony doing very well there, but I see it doing better
in Japan.
I don't think the 360 is going to come out from third place in Japan anytime soon.
Yes, you had Blue Dragon launch recently and yes, we all saw the people camped out in line,
but they need more of that and they need it soon before the Playstation 3 starts delivering
on that or they're going to be screwed.
I think if Xbox really steps it up and puts out some quality stuff along the lines of
those Blue Dragon type things, and it looks like we have the game based on Chopin, what
was that game called, the Tumble Bell or something Bell?
Trusty Bell.
Trusty Bell, thank you, that's coming out.
Some of the other games, maybe they're going in the right direction, but Microsoft needs
to pick it up a little bit or else they're going to get their butt whipped by Sony, at
least in Japan.
But I think that's going to be interesting having different rankings throughout the world.
That's what's going to make this generation of consoles different, in my opinion, and
will ultimately affect the next generation of gaming.
Lastly, a quick email.
It wasn't signed with a handle, so we'll call him Nick S. Nick S. sent us an email.
Hello, first I would like to compliment you on your podcast, I've been listening for a
few months and love it.
Thank you, appreciate it.
I was wondering what you thought about Gears of War, because I would like to get OLR's
opinions.
PS, every time I'm holding my PSP, I'm always listening to you, OLR, you're all the best
gamers I know.
That's very sweet, thank you.
Gears of War, you know, I thought I talked about this on the show a little bit previously,
but I'll say it again.
It's a pretty game, and it's a kick-ass co-op game, but it didn't really click for me.
I'm not feeling all the praise that everybody else is lavishing upon it.
It wasn't ultimately very much fun for me, and I got frustrated with the controls.
I felt like I wasn't really understanding what I was doing throughout a lot of the game,
and it's not like I haven't played first-person shooters before, okay, I've played Halo, I
beat Prey, you know, well of course any idiot can beat Prey, but you know, it just really
wasn't my kind of game.
But I've always been more into music games, action games, you know, first-person shooters
have usually been a little lower on what I like, but I didn't enjoy Gears of War as much
as even frickin' Prey I thought was more fun to play for me, and you know, but maybe that's
because Gears of War isn't quite the same traditional shooter, either.
You know, it's cover, shoot, cover, shoot, and a lot of the game has to do with covering,
and maybe I'm just more into the, you know, kamikaze type of playing.
Leeward Jenkins!
I'm that guy, you know?
Well, I wasn't really into the game either, but then again I haven't really played it
enough to give a fair shake yet, but my coworker just finally got a 360, and he bought actually
Gears of War as well, and he said that he hasn't been able to pass the first tutorial
stage yet, he says it's fuckin' hard, and he's playing on the simplest difficulty, and
he plays a lot of first-person shooters.
It's not EDI, that even like held me up for a little bit too, I finally got out of the
stupid tutorial level, but I, you know, the first, it's just, I don't know.
Of course, I haven't, now admittedly I have not played enough of the co-op.
I think that's my biggest problem, because that's where most people seem to be lovin'
Gears of War, is co-op, and you know, I'll give it that, you know, I'll trust my friends'
assessments on that, and hopefully I'll get some friends someday, and I can play Gears
of War co-op.
That'll be fun.
If I can tear myself away from burnout this week, we'll see.
That's it for the mailbag!
If you want to send some emails, we'd love to hear from you, and sorry, you know, we
weren't able to read every email we got this week on the air, but DarkSakura does make
an effort to always read all the email, and you know, when she's out, I'll step in and
try to read and respond to the email.
We'd love to hear from you guys, and it really keeps us going here at Orange Lontredo, so
we appreciate it.
Thanks, you guys.
Back to the news.
Anyway, so, I swear to God, I've had so many co-workers come up to me and go, hey, have
you heard about those crazy Wii straps breaking, and people breaking their TVs with the Wii
Mode?
And all this...
I mean, it's like ridiculous how much this has been spun out of proportion, just... it's
idiots basically throwing the Wii Mode, you know, at 90 miles an hour, and going, why
did it break and smash my TV?
Maybe because you're trying to throw a real 90 mile an hour fastball in baseball when
you really don't have to, and it says in the manual, you know, make the movement slightly.
You don't have to, you know, do it really hard.
Anyways, that being said, Nintendo has actually gone ahead and fixed the straps.
They're a lot thicker now, and you can actually find them starting with the Australia launch,
and in the Wii Play bundle.
They have new straps, and if you really want to, if you've broken your straps, you can
probably buy them on the Nintendo store.
And so, yeah, the new remotes are going to have new straps that will be...
All it is is kind of just a knot tied around the controller.
Couldn't you just get your own little, you know, steel cable type thing that won't hurt
your hand?
People have been using fishing line, and just basically have done it that way.
That sounds like it would hurt, though.
You know, because remember, this stuff's going to press up against your wrist.
You don't want anything that's too...
No, replacing the little string that goes from the actual strap to fishing line, so
I'm...
Personally just don't...
Do that crap at your own risk, though.
Exactly.
Or don't throw the damn remote.
I mean, seriously, if you're going to...
Don't let go of it.
You're not supposed to let go of it.
They've got, you know, covers in case, you know, your hands get sweaty, like...
My hands have never gotten that sweaty, I mean, and shit, I...
Right before I'm playing the Wii or something, I'm eating, you know, fucking fast food, and
my hands are all greasy from french fries, so if that shit doesn't make the, you know,
the Wii remote fly out of my hands, then nothing will.
So if you're really that clumsy and are prone to throwing shit through windows and TVs,
then maybe you shouldn't, I don't know, buy a Wii, or maybe you should duct tape that
shit to your arm, I don't know.
Jeremy Todd, one in our chat room, says a friend bought four new straps on Nintendo's
website for $6.24 including shipping.
Chat dot orange launch radio dot com if you want to leave your own comments.
If you're listening live here on Sunday night, which we tape live 6pm at orange launch radio
dot com every week.
By the way, component cables in stock on their wrist.
I just ordered from Nintendo as well, and I haven't checked the tracking of them, the
last I checked they were in Portland, so I should be getting them next week.
Very excited.
Mine coming Monday.
Very excited.
Then I'm going to play more Zelda.
I've kind of held off from Zelda because I won't play it until it's as pretty as it's
going to get.
I'm stupid like that, don't listen to me.
Black Wolf comments, Nintendo investigating the wrist traps means that they admit there
is a problem which will open themselves up to lawsuits.
Rama counters, I doubt it though, Nintendo said not to be rough with it.
They did send out an email.
Did you get the email from Nintendo this week?
I got an email from Nintendo that was posted, bloggers got it too, and it was posted all
over and it said, we hope you're enjoying the Wii, but be careful with it.
I didn't get the email, but here, come on, really though, it says like 50,000 times when
you're playing Wii Sports, make sure the wrist strap is securely fastened.
Shouldn't you be taking a break?
Make sure you're not swinging this around wildly.
Be careful of others.
I think they have done everything in their power to make sure that you do not throw that.
If you're just a fucking idiot and want to go ahead and throw your damn remote, you're
the only one to blame.
Do not fucking try to sue Nintendo because you were dumb and decided, oh, I'm going to
let go of the remote while I'm bullying and it went through your goddamn TV.
I mean, seriously, if you're that stupid, and I imagine there will be someone that sues
I didn't know it would fly out of my hand, I thought this tiny piece of string would
keep it from anything.
I thought I could swing it around like a goddamn lasso.
People are so goddamn retarded.
Okay, I'm just going to, devil's advocate, do the games encourage this behavior?
No, I don't think they do because they show you, even like for example Rayman's Raving
Rabbids, when they're showing you how to play it, they show you, you know, holding the remote,
they don't show you wildly swinging around.
They show you just kind of making small little movements.
The wrist strap is around the goddamn bunny's hand, so it is encouraging the proper use
of this.
And nowhere does it say in the game to swing as fast as possible.
It says in the Wii Sports manual, and I know no one reads the manual anymore, but it says
it in there to, you know, swing lightly.
You know, you do not need to do, you do not need to swing it wildly.
I don't know what more they could possibly do.
I mean, Wii Sports seems to be the one that's been the biggest culprit.
You know, baseball, because people are trying to throw a fastball, because you don't exactly
throw pitches in Zelda, you know, and that's the other huge game right now.
So it's basically that game, and it's just people don't get it.
They don't get that you're not actually playing the real thing.
You don't need to throw, I mean, and granted when I was playing baseball, you know, I was
trying to, you know, throw it hard, but you realize after a little bit, you're all, wait,
I don't need to do that.
I can just kind of flick my wrist, and it does the same thing.
So it's just stupid people.
Alright, well, speaking of...
Ruining it for everyone.
Speaking of stupid, you'd be awfully stupid to buy point cards from Toys R Us, at least
the ones that have been marking up their 2,000 point cards to $24.99.
That's what they're charging on the internet as well.
Now keep in mind, 2,000 Wii points, you can buy on your Wii for 20 bucks.
So you'd be kind of dumb to buy this from Toys R Us.
Now Mieklatov, he had to leave the show because he had a pretty bad headache, but I know he
wanted to point out that they were at Best Buy or Target something earlier, and they
saw the same thing going on there.
So this isn't just Toys R Us, it's just people have caught Toys R Us because it's online.
So a lot of folks are selling these things online for more money.
And you know what's actually kind of interesting though, I remember originally when we had
our, when we were adding the SKUs for the Wii stuff before launch, the Wii point cards
were $24, $25.
And I was like, what the fuck, that doesn't make any sense because they're supposed to
be, you know, it's a dollar for every point, or a penny for every point basically.
And I wouldn't be surprised because the margin, as I mentioned on other shows, the margin
of Nintendo products right now because they're trying to make an extreme profit on this stuff
is nothing.
I mean, the price that Best Buy probably pays for this stuff is like $16, and they're making
only $4 off of this thing.
Or it might even be even less than that.
I think it's really like $2 is what they're making off of this stuff, and even less on
controllers and other stuff.
So the fact that they're charging more, you know, granted, yeah, that's not very good,
but the average mom and pop that are buying these things, they don't know how much they're
supposed to cost, and they're going to pay that price.
Do you think Costco would be selling these even cheaper?
Because Costco's notorious for selling things very, very little above cost.
Do you think you could possibly get a $19 card at Costco?
You might be able to, I'm not sure though, it depends.
Because if their margins are that small, they might not sell it at a loss, or that little.
I mean, they might just sell it at the normal price.
But I'm not surprised, though, that you're seeing people charging $24 for these things.
It's just the same reason why you see mad cats charging $60 for fucking component cables,
when I can buy React's component cables for $19.99.
Or fuck, they have official Nintendo ones for like $29.99.
So they're just paying off people who don't know any better?
Yeah, they're paying off people that are buying these stuff as a gift for their kids, or for
Christmas, and they don't know how much this is supposed to cost.
And I guess their excuse would be, it's a convenience for our customers, because little
Bobby does not have a credit card.
So we're...
And to be honest, I think it's a rip-off to buy them at retail anyways, because you're
paying tax on $20.
So just buy it online.
Well, no, the weird thing is, I could have sworn I saw the Wii in some places was charging
tax.
Like I saw a screenshot where somebody was being charged tax on the points, but I'm not
charged tax here.
It says you can, there's a tax thing on there.
I'm not sure if it's for that per se, but there's a little tax thing on there where
you could be charged tax.
It's like a little spot for it, but so far they're not.
Maybe they're only taxing if you live in Washington, since that's where they're based?
I don't know.
I don't think so, it's...
I don't know.
No idea.
I could swear I saw a YouTube video where someone was being charged tax.
I don't know.
Because I remember commenting, oh that sucks, Xbox doesn't charge you tax.
Like I remember commenting on that, and I was kind of mad at Nintendo, but then when
I actually went to buy the points, I was not charged.
I'm stealing a fry.
If you're going to bring food in here, I'm stealing a fry.
It's popcorn shrimp.
Well, I'm still stealing a fry that comes with the shrimp.
Anyway.
Moving on, while I chow down here.
So speaking of Nintendo, not a huge surprise.
They were a little short on their UK Wii shipment.
Hold on, I'm sorry.
Pennsylvania is being charged the tax, and BlackWolf says I must have seen the video
on Joystiq because they have the tax in Pennsylvania, and that's where I guess the Joystiq video
came from.
Possibly, it's one of like 50 game blogs I read, so probably that is where I saw the
video.
Interesting though.
Anyways, so they apparently weren't able to ship all the units for the Wii for the launch,
but they are shipping more each week to hopefully be able to catch up before Christmas and get
as many units out there as possible.
With the whole launch this year, and even last year with the 360, it's not a big surprise
that they're short, and from what I read, they weren't short by that much.
It was only maybe 1,000 units or whatever.
It's not too bad.
It's not like the 200,000 units of, say, the PlayStation 3, which couldn't even hit the
200,000 unit mark and ended up being 197,000 units, so whatever.
But hopefully, you know what, UK, at least you're getting the system on time, because
you sure as hell don't have the PlayStation.
On time-ish.
On time-ish, but you're still not, I mean, a couple days is a lot better than, say, a
couple months.
Well, Nintendo is trying to make nice a little bit.
They have screwed over Europe constantly in the past, but now Europe is viewing this as,
hey, we're getting screwed again.
All our consoles are going to the targets in America.
You know I was at GameStop today, I'll say who it was, I don't care, I was at GameStop
today and I heard the clerk tell somebody, we're not really getting the Wiis in a lot,
you'd have better luck over at Target.
I was like, wow, that's a pretty, it's a good thing I'm not a secret shopper.
I probably would have, you know, FFFF on that guy.
I was pretty surprised to hear that.
I tell my customers that shit all the time, like when we had the 360s, when they first
launched.
I'm like, dude, Best Buy's got them right now, I'm all, you can go down there, pick
them up, because they were just turning around and selling them for like twice as much to
their customers, but, you know, I helped the guys score a couple Xbox 360s.
Wow, interesting.
I thought that was kind of interesting, anyway.
Well, I hope you folks in the UK are enjoying your system.
Nobody answered the call last week where we asked some of our British listeners to tape
folks in line that were waiting for the Wii.
No, no, they went to other game blogs instead.
We all saw the, you know, Germany crowd and Kotaku and all that other stuff, but nobody
loves us, but that's fine, we'll try not to be too butter over it.
Something that you should be aware of if you are in the CPL, that would be the Cyber Athlete
Professional League, they're going to be drug testing you at the start of gaming competitions
next year.
I'm sorry, that doesn't necessarily mean at the start of every competition, I just mean
at next year they will be testing for this.
It's kind of interesting because, you know, they're going to be testing for drugs, but
the comparison people are making is that, wow, it's like real sports.
Games are becoming closer and closer to being real sports, you know.
Can steroids enhance your game playing abilities?
So I suppose, you know, I suppose some drugs could make your reaction times better.
Let me get this very, very clear.
Video games are not a sport.
They will never, ever, ever be a sport.
This is including anything with the Wii, because granted you're moving around, okay.
The closest thing you may come to a sport, I guess, is Dance Dance Revolution, but that's
even still not even close.
Games are not a sport.
Football is a sport.
Deaf says not even Wii Sports.
Football is a sport.
Basketball is a sport, you know.
DARTED SUYA says DDR is a sport.
Not really.
In some foreign country out there, what was it?
Oh, that's right.
Was it Switzerland or something made it a sport?
Finland or something, I don't know.
Sorry, pardon our ignorance, folks.
We don't remember who it was.
That's kind of a funny story, though, that they're testing for drugs and stuff.
There is another article that missed our cut here, talking about soda highs in gamers.
Apparently caffeine is the gaming drug of choice, and they're talking about the description.
Caffeine absorption is complete.
Your pupils dilate, your blood pressure rises, and as a response, your liver dumps more sugar
into your bloodstream.
That's funny.
Caffeine is a drug?
Well, they can't really be testing for caffeine.
It's a legal drug.
If I want to drink a jumbo-sized coffee before I go play games, that's my right.
It's a legal drug.
I'm not doing anything wrong.
True.
I don't know.
I'd love to see them taking steroids if they throw the remotes through TVs and stuff.
That'd be hilarious.
I somehow doubt that.
There's actually some pretty cool stuff.
There was some sort of charity event where they were giving away a custom Guitar Hero
controller that was made out of a real guitar.
If you're interested in doing that, Kotaku linked to a story which basically has a how-to
on how you can do that.
I know this was also run on Hackaday and stuff like that.
The story actually comes from Toolmonger, so if you want to check it out, it's toolmonger.com.
It's how to build your own custom full-size wireless Guitar Hero controller.
It basically requires you to take apart a Guitar Hero controller and an actual guitar.
Pretty cool.
You can make some pretty sweet looking guitars from that.
It seems like a lot of money to burn just for a stupid controller.
It's just two games.
Well true, but you know what though?
I'm over Guitar Hero.
I am so over Guitar Hero, at least until the 360 version.
I am so over it.
People were buying the full-size arcade units for the Guitar Freaks, the arcade-style controllers.
Argue if you will, which is the better game, Guitar Freaks or Guitar Hero.
I don't really care, but at least Guitar Freaks has slightly more games available.
At least there's what?
Like you have Guitar Freaks V and then you only have four games for it.
There's Guitar Freaks 3 and 4, Guitar Freaks V, there's a server collection, 3-2.
And the fact that Guitar Freaks had an arcade machine that most people played on before
they played the home version, so people want to recreate that arcade experience at home.
Guitar Hero had no arcade machine.
I don't know.
It just seems a little silly.
It's a lot of money.
You can feed the starving children, if you think back to the story on the PlayStation
3 cost.
Anyway, I wanted to point this out as well, speaking of music games.
Big news in the DDR world this week.
Not only is DDR now being promoted through Burger King, of all things, did you see the
little toy?
Miklotov actually got one of the little toys.
It's the Dancing Boldo that you can press the little button and he does the little disco
dance.
It's all kinds of stupid.
But the other big news, if you've been following DDR for a couple of years, then you know that
folks were able to find that somewhere on the DDR extreme disk, the song Memories was
hidden away.
And people were figuring out for years, how are we going to get this song?
How's this song supposed to be unlocked?
And everybody thought, oh, maybe it'll be unlocked when Supernova comes out.
There'll be some type of link data, whatever it is.
Well, turns out, sure enough, this week an unlock code was released through the Burger
King promotion for Memories.
So you can finally unlock it legitimately, not using any type of Game Genie style hacks.
You can actually unlock it legitimately in DDR Extreme US.
You just plug a controller in port 2, right 4 times, up 3 times, square 1 time, left 2
times, down 3 times, square 2 times, and select 1 time.
Hopefully you got all that written down.
If not, you can go over to Burger King's website for the DDR promotion and play the stupid
little game they have.
And when you beat the game, you'll get the code.
So you can finally have Memories in that game.
Now here's my thought.
I don't think they waited two years for this.
I think this is how they've remedied the situation that was created when the link data in Supernova
kind of fell through, because you notice it was removed from the final version.
So there's no link data and no Supernova.
I bet you anything that was how it was supposed to happen.
But because it didn't happen this way, you got the debug code instead.
Makes sense.
I would bet money that that's what happened.
I would bet money.
And I swear I don't know anything.
I realize we have folks from Konami that come on the program, but they haven't told me anything.
That's my personal thought.
All right.
That's all the news we have for you tonight, but we do want to take some of your calls
because we're an interactive program.
So why don't you give us a call.
Are you using?
Oh.
I want to do one thing.
Here.
Yeah?
Website of the week.
Okay.
Oh, sure.
Well, then hold on.
I have to get some theme music for you if you want a website of the week.
Unfortunately, I don't have Jamie's typical song loaded, so you get this.
I hate you.
Anyways.
Loki's website of the week.
I thought this would be cool.
They just ran a story about this thing that they've got going for Nintendo.
It's actually for like a Christmas calendar type thing.
It's mission-in-snowdriftland.com.
Drift.
Yeah.
Funny.
But it's a bunch of little mini games that you can play, and it's counting down to Christmas.
And I don't know what exactly it is, but each game is kind of like Mario.
What was the website again?
It's www.mission-in-snowdriftland.com.
They've got a game for each calendar day, and of course, each one is unlocked as the
day's gone.
All right.
Loki's website of the week, boys and girls.
Temporarily this week's The Stark Soccer is on vacation.
All right.
Let's go to another call on Skype here.
Hi, you are on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Raven's Dolphin.
Hi, Raven's Dolphin.
What's on your mind, buddy?
The HDTVs and that lawsuit, I've been actually reading up on it.
What do you have to say about it?
They just seem like they're just out for money.
I said it before.
The trigger runs through Bluetooth.ir, and this thing is not motion sensitive.
It's just through this crappy D-pad, and it looks like a smart text phaser.
Why do you think they are, then, if they don't believe that they have this product first?
Why do you think they're going through with this lawsuit, which is not a cheap process?
I know that, but I think the goal is really because they're babies.
I guess the CEO's here, he's going to his kid, I want a Wii, I want a Wii, I can't get
a Wii.
So let's sue Nintendo.
Oh, come on.
You're thinking because some guy at this company could not get a Wii that they're going to
sue Nintendo?
That's a little bit far-fetched, don't you think?
A little, but it's just, it's this thing, you know, do you believe that they're actually
going to win?
I don't.
I don't think so, either, because the controller is a lot more intricate, but, you know, what
do I know?
And one more thing.
Yes?
Have you even heard of this company?
Have I even heard of what?
The company.
The company, literally.
Have you ever heard of it?
No, but they don't make game products, so they don't make something I follow, but apparently
they make PowerPoint push-button thingers for people who give lectures, like myself.
You think I would have heard of them, but mine comes through the projector, which is
made by, who is our projector, In Focus.
Here's a question, though, Rob.
Does the Wii do PowerPoint presentations?
No, it doesn't.
Granted, you could probably use the photo channel for that, but that's beyond the point.
No, I think the fact that the trigger uses Bluetooth and the other one's infrared is
going to be the end of this lawsuit.
The thing is, though, is they have a patent for, like, game controller device or whatever
like that.
This is a patent for new remote control for PC.
I think it's going to be completely different, and they're probably going to throw it out
once this comes in.
Hey, you know what, Raven's Dolphin, Raven's Dolphin, uh, Black Wolf in our chat room is
accusing you of stealing the Wii for the kid joke from his show and is threatening a lawsuit.
Uh, Black Wolf, yeah, I have.
Oh.
Ah!
I'm sorry, Black Wolf.
Kiss me later.
All right, well, now you have to plug Black Wolf Show, or else we're all getting sued.
Fine, I'll listen tonight.
Bobby Black Wolf Show, uh, 8 o'clock on Sunday nights before Orange Lounge.
That's 8 o'clock Eastern.
5 o'clock Pacific.
5 o'clock Pacific.
All right, there you go.
All right, uh, any other quick thoughts, Raven's Dolphin, before we get some more call?
Yeah, one quick, uh, if I was going to buy an HDTV, I'm just going to bring in my Xbox
360, hook it up to one of the televisions, and see how it looks on there.
Tweeter said I could do that.
Well, then there you go.
If the store will let you do that, then go for it.
That's what I'm going to do.
I'm not going to sit there and go, hmm, does this look good?
No, I want to see it firsthand.
All right, well, have fun with that, Raven's Dolphin.
We got to get some more calls, but thank you so much for your phone call.
We appreciate it.
Let's go to some more phone calls here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, guys.
This is Footy Monster.
Hey, Footy Monster.
What's on your mind, buddy?
I just wanted to go on about the whole Wiimote accident thing.
Uh, sure.
What about it?
Well, basically, if they do seem to know about the Wiimote accidents, shouldn't they sue
like baseball-making company persons and like people who play soccer on the street and hear
a person on the head with a ball or something?
No one's going to get sued over, I mean, have there actually been any lawsuits yet on this
yet?
I'm not hearing that there actually has been a lawsuit on this yet, but they'd be so stupid
because exactly the point that Footy Monster's bringing up here, you know what?
Accidents with toys happen around the house all the time, and do they get sued over it?
No, not unless the toy, you know, starts a fire, but that's a little different.
I haven't heard of any lawsuits yet.
If you actually go to Engadget, there is a picture of a boy who was playing with the
cousins with a Wii, and one of the kids was playing a baseball game, Wii Sports, and hitting
on the head with a Wiimote, and he has a whole mark on his forehead from the Wiimote, and
it's going to start happening.
There's going to be parents suing Nintendo about the Wiimote and their children's game.
But at the same time, Wii Sports shows a disclaimer right before you go into the game, and it
even shows the guy spinning around going, make sure there is nothing around you before
you start playing this game, and that would, you know, include your, you know, little brother.
So they were at fault for not reading the disclaimer, honestly.
I mean, you know, sucks to be the kid, but, you know, don't run at somebody who's flailing
their arms about like crazy.
You know?
Well, it's still, yeah, but it doesn't prevent the bad publicity, I mean, it doesn't prevent
any of the jacky-poos of the world going all over it about how, you know, Nintendo hurts
children.
I'll give you that, it doesn't do any good for Nintendo's publicity, but somebody needs
to put their foot down and say, look, Nintendo is not, you know, these guys are just being
idiots.
Yeah, I agree.
Well, that's all I wanted to say, and just kind of make it quick, give you a week?
Sure, sure.
Why not?
Okay, my little brother has the chicken pox, I never got him before, so I'm 23 and I'm
about to get him.
Uh-oh, run for the hills, you don't want that at the age of 23.
So you don't get chicken pox, you get shingles, that's always the question.
Oh, yuck, gross, gross, alright, stay far away, we'll pray or something that you don't
get it.
Okay, guys.
Alright, have a good one, buddy, and stay away from chicken pox.
Good to see you guys, thanks.
Well, I had it when I was seven, so I don't have to worry, did you have chicken pox when
you were younger?
I've never gotten them.
Oh, shit, you better be careful.
I said I've gotten them four times, I think I'm just...
How can you get chicken pox four times?
I don't know.
Are you sure it's just not Herbie's?
No, it's chicken pox.
Did you have them four times?
I purposely stayed around her to try to get them, and I never caught them, so I'm immune.
One eight seven seven game O-L-R is our 800 number, or you can call us on Skype, Orange
Lounge Radio is the username.
I've also never had my gallbladder out, and I've also my appendix, and my tonsils are
all in too, and I have all my wisdom teeth too.
I am one whole person.
Let's go to a call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who this?
You obviously know who this is, Legend of Zaku.
Well, hi, Legend of Zaku, but you see it's radio, and on the radio they can't see my
little Skype screen that shows me who's calling, and to be honest, I usually, I'll just click
the button, and whoever happens to be up gets lucky.
Unless somebody's calling repeatedly throughout the show, I'll not pick them up, but anyway,
you got lucky, your call got through, what do you want to say?
Well, basically, I want to throw out this question before anything.
Suppose that someone or something, some entity, were supposed to want to create a game on
a mobile cell phone, more like they want to create a rhythm based game, what would be
the best way, in your honest opinion, on how to approach this?
You don't, not in this country on these phones, don't put out a rhythm based game.
Wait, wait, wait, no, before you say that, I happen to work with these phones.
Okay, no, I understand, and you know what, phones are almost there, because we have phones
that can play the MP3s and all that stuff, but right now they don't really do it through,
unless you know something I don't, they don't really play the CD quality songs through the
little Java games.
Yeah, but that's the thing.
It's not supposed to be that sophisticated, it's supposed to be within the capacity of
the cell phone.
Now, I'm going to rephrase it, assuming within the maximum capacity of a cell phone, how
would you approach the situation?
Keep in mind that most phones can't even do simultaneous key presses.
My suggestion then would be not to approach it as a music game, but make it about the
timing that maybe could be set to music, something along those lines where maybe it's about pressing
the keys at the right time or whatever, but even then, I don't know, I honestly can't
imagine a game like that being too incredibly thrilling.
I don't know, maybe if I had some nice visuals or something.
What about feature wise, like internet ranking or downloadable content?
Sure why not, downloadable stuff, internet, all that stuff is good.
Yeah, basically more like a game and a personalization app at the same time.
Okay sure, I can see, I can look at the rankings or whatever, that's always fun I guess.
Alright, well there you have it, what was your other question, we've got to keep moving,
what else was on your mind?
I don't know, I've been talking to Rama recently, and I know this was something else.
By the way, sorry, completely different topic, Rama, I saw Rama on GameTap TV, I was just
kind of curious what kind of stuff they were showing on GameTap TV, and if you go to their
recent, I don't know, whatever it is that Victor Lucas hosts, the GameTap news thing
or whatever the heck it is, you can see Rama for like a split second in this little montage
of what was going on at the Wii launch, and I would have missed him if it wasn't for the
fact that he's the only black Luigi I know anywhere, so you can spot him on my way.
Anyway, sorry, so about your conversations with Rama.
Let me see, I know we were planning to do, in other words, I don't know if you guys would,
let's say that, to put it this way, I've been having conversations where there's various
other DDR players on something that we plan to do for charity, it hasn't been set in stone
yet, but we need more support and backing, and basically, in the event that this does
happen, I don't know how much support you're willing to give us, if any.
Well we'll consider anything, just send us an email and we'll see what we can do.
It's a charity thing?
Right.
Usually we're going to do that.
We're planning to do something along that line, some sort of gaming event for a cause.
Is it more original than the we're going to break the Guinness Book of World Record thing?
We haven't determined that yet.
Right now it's in exploratory mode.
All I'm going to say is that if you're going to do the Guinness Book of World Record thing,
that thing's been done like six times now, so please do something to make it more original.
Okay, good.
We're probably doing something completely different, like a big gathering of gamers.
We don't care about the records as long as we raise money.
Whatever you decide, sure, put it in writing, send it to us, we'll consider anything.
We have some of our listeners that run anime conventions that want us to come, and if we
can reasonably make it, sure, especially if the event is in California, we have an easy
time making it.
The whole purpose of this is just to shed the other side of the DDR community, more
the charitable and heartful side of it.
Sounds good to me.
If we can't be there in person, we can at least send some prizes.
Well, yeah, whatever you're able to provide us, that'll be cool.
All right.
Well, we can't turn this program into a sales pitch, so send me an email and we'll see what
we can do, okay?
All right.
All right.
Zaku, thanks so much for your call.
Have a good one, okay?
Okay.
Bye.
Good luck with your event and your cell phone game.
Yes, Logan?
I'd like to make a mention real quick that you were talking about earlier when we were
discussing the Spike TV video game award winners.
We didn't really leak them because they just put out for us release with all the winners
now.
Oh, well, whatever.
I mean, every freaking game website had that list anyway.
It's not like we're telling you anything that revolutionary.
You know what cell phone game they should work on?
It's called Stop Playing With Your Cell Phone and Drive Your Fucking SUV, The Game.
I like that idea.
All right.
Thank you guys so much for all your great calls on Skype tonight.
We are going to close the Skype line at this time.
Of course, if you didn't get three, you can always leave us a voicemail.
Our voicemail of the week, 1-877-GAME-OLR, and leave us your thoughts.
That's available to the many of you that listen to us on the podcast.
We appreciate that.
All right.
Loki, any last minute stories?
Not really.
Nothing that I really want to mention, I guess.
I don't know.
Wow.
I forgot to mention I played, and it was such an impact on me that I forgot the name of
the game even.
The new Xbox Live Arcade game, RoboBlitz.
I played that.
It was okay.
I played it for like two seconds.
I didn't get it.
I didn't buy it.
I didn't buy it either.
I played the demo, yeah.
So, yeah.
I'll give it another try a little later.
Maybe I just wasn't in the right mood when I played it.
I guess.
It was interesting.
You know what they really need to put out on Xbox Live Arcade?
MDK.
MDK would be awesome.
That'd be pretty rad.
I would love MDK.
All right.
Well, I guess that's it for the show.
We're all out of news.
Thank you guys so much for tuning into and supporting Independent Radio.
You guys are awesome for coming and listening to us every week, especially when we've been
down for a couple weeks, and unfortunately, it's not going to get any better with Christmas
and New Year's on the horizon.
But we appreciate you guys sticking with us as we move into our, if you can believe it,
as of January 2007, our third year of podcasting, and also in 2007, our fifth year of internet
radio, if you can believe.
Actually, going into our sixth year, because we're going to hit our fifth birthday in 2007,
if you can believe it.
Crazy stuff, huh?
Anyway, that's going to do it.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
Gee, my guess will start with my guess, Loki.
My final thought is that popcorn shrimp was delicious.
And my final thought is now everybody's gone to dinner without me, and Dark Sakura's not
here.
So we can't go say hi to our favorite waitress at Lion's.
That makes me sad.
Hi, Jeannie, if you're listening, we love you.
Thanks again, everybody.
We'll see you next week.
We will be live again next week with another program.
I hear it might be the holiday episode, because Dark Sakura was saying something about Chris
coming back, and Chris wants to do some holiday joy with us, so that should be fun.
Ho, ho, ho, next week on Orange Lounge Radio.
We'll see you then.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast programs, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week.
Bye.
