This is your host, DarkSakura, Sky and Mokey!
Tonight, December 17th, 2006, Sony fests up to a fake website, a popular roleplaying series jumps to a new system, and are the Wii modes really being Wii called?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, everybody, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast dedicated to video games, gamer culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'm here with you for the next three hours, as well as my partners in crime.
Say hello to the one and only happy, happy bunny, DarkSakura.
You're doing it differently, Rob.
What do you mean? Oh, I'm doing the opening differently?
You're doing it differently, Rob.
Am I not allowed to change things once in a while?
Nobody likes anything different.
I'm sorry.
Remember, people only like happy trance.
We fear change.
Get a corn cob up their ass.
Right.
Say hello as well.
You will be like us.
Here comes another podcast review.
DarkSakura is too angsty.
She is so angsty on the show all the time.
But we love her.
We love her. Angstinol. We love her.
I love me too.
And she knows her shit when it comes to video games.
She really does.
Don't be fooled.
Hell yeah.
All right.
Say hello as well to tech master Loki.
There's some weird, like, cord spaghetti going on by your chair there.
That's what happens here in the OLR studio.
So, how's your week been, Loki?
Been pretty good?
It's been okay.
I still haven't played one of the games I bought, but I'm, like, dreading the play because I know it's going to suck.
What's that?
Far Cry Vengeance for the Wii.
Uh-oh.
It got a horrible review.
It has two-player multiplayer, which I didn't know when I bought it.
I mean, you can't have multiplayer. It's just two players in a first-person shooter game.
You know what? The game reviews have been getting a lot of heat lately.
I mean, you have the Zelda Wii Twilight Princess on the GameCube and, you know, things on, what, GameSpot got, like, an 8.8 and 8.9.
People are, like, oh, my God.
They don't know what they're talking about.
But everybody's been giving this thing, like, a 4 out of 10, 3 out of 10.
Well, and then Elibits just recently was reviewed in Electronic Gaming Monthly.
I was reading on Destructoid something about it, and they were pissed because some people over there gave it 4s.
You know?
Whatever.
I know.
But I know just from reading what the, you know, just different specifics about it.
No level editing in there.
And apparently the actual gameplay is kind of lame.
The controls suck on it.
And I don't know, but I haven't played it yet, and I heard the graphics suck even more than the Xbox.
So I might just have to sell it back again.
Oh, well.
All right.
Well, before we get into too much Game Talk, we have to introduce one of our other very special guests.
Say hello to our woman on the street, but she hasn't done any interviews lately.
We're going to have to change that.
Say hello to Chris.
Well, would you like me to interview?
I don't know.
Maybe when we take a trip, because we're planning a trip for January.
I'm going to go on one of your Disneyland excursions.
That's right.
So we can harass people at Disneyland.
That would be fun.
You know what?
We were going to do an interview.
We were at Disneyland last time.
We would go to the one arcade that they have inside both parks, and we were going to go,
you know, say it's like live from the Disneyland arcade.
We have arcade stuff.
Because they don't really have much there, but it's fun.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We were just going to goof off.
They do have a virtual machine where you get inside and it moves around as you're driving
the car.
So that's pretty interesting.
So there was an arcade version of F-Zero which came out on the GameCube not that long ago.
Right.
And it was kind of like that where you got in and it would tilt around.
I loved that game except for the fact there were only six tracks.
So it got old really quick.
My dad was playing that when I was there.
I played the Japanese one at Arcade Infinity.
Yeah, but it still kind of sucked, unfortunately.
I thought it was kind of cool.
Well, you know, the game was great.
You're simple-minded.
No, the game was great, don't get me wrong, but it sucked because it was over before it
started.
Yeah, there is that.
Yeah.
I was selected to say a welcome back to Dark Soccer because she was actually out last week,
but did you girls have fun at Disneyland?
Yes.
And it rained on us.
Oh, no, because I was there Wednesday, sorry.
I was like, wasn't I here earlier in the week?
No, you were here for another show.
You were here for the other show, but this big show you were out last week.
Yeah, I was playing hooky and dancing in the rain.
You're allowed once in a while.
Lots of rain here.
And I was watching Chris fall head first into the lagoon.
You know what?
That was not my fucking fault, okay?
I know.
I was on this little kiddie boat ride, and anyone who's been to Disneyland, it's the
storybook ride where you just pretty much sit in a boat and look at these little miniatures
that are from the stories, and it was raining, and neither of the people who were helping
me into the boat were really paying attention, so I slipped and almost went head first into
the water.
Yeah, I think I caught you.
Oh, no.
No, I know.
Well, you probably did.
Yeah.
It was just really funny.
I caught your arm.
Everybody was laughing at me.
I almost fell on the Hudson River, but we'll have to save that story for another time.
And then someone kept dropping cold water down the back of my sweater on It's a Small
World.
Yeah, well, you're a whore.
Yeah, well, so?
Okay.
Anyway, before we get into pillow fights, we better talk about your gaming week.
So Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
Cookie Mama!
Lots of Cookie Mama, because Mama will make it better.
Have you been poking Mama's steak?
Yes, I have, and Mama liked it.
For those that don't catch the reference, there's obviously a part of the game where
you have to poke the steak.
Describe what Cookie Mama's all about, for those that haven't heard of it, because we
get new listeners every week.
You use the stylus and you cook, really.
Like you shake the pan.
You blow on the pot to cool it off.
It's like, some of those levels make me think of DDR with food.
Beat Mania with food is like Cookie Mania, but I don't know.
It's a pretty fun little addicting game, because Mama will make it better.
To quote Chris.
Is that it?
Just Cookie Mama?
Just Cookie Mama, and Creature from the Black Lagoon, Pinball.
Ah!
Is that a new one, or is that one you guys had?
I can't keep track anymore.
We got it a few weeks ago.
We're still working, though, on the Rocky and Bull angle.
Wasn't there something about your Guns N' Roses table damn near went backstage to a Guns
N' Roses concert?
Yeah, and then all that fell through, and then they canceled the Sacramento show.
I hate you, Axl Rose!
You bastard!
I hate you for the Metallica thing.
Yeah, ho ho ho to you, too.
Oh, by the way, Happy Holidays to all of our listeners.
Happy Christmas, Kwanzaa, or whatever it is you celebrate, because I think Hanukkah started.
Yeah, we're in the middle of Hanukkah.
Yule is the 21st.
Uh-huh.
We got Yule on the 21st.
Kwanzaa is after Christmas.
I think, what?
Starts the 27th?
God, I hope I'm right.
There's too many holidays to remember.
I'm sorry.
And then Christmas is on the 25th.
And so whatever it is you celebrate, I hope you're having a good one.
And we should probably give an advance Happy Birthday to another person who has been on
the show.
Happy Birthday to Megzi.
Ah.
Right.
Say it.
Happy Birthday.
I'm going to see her on it.
No, we want to hear the Happy Birthday, Miss Megzi.
We also have our chat room, of course, joins us every episode.
And Alex in our chat room says, Happy Festivus.
There you go.
Happy everything.
Happy everything.
I like that.
That's what we should start saying.
I like joyous stuff.
Um, Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was okay.
I played, well, I played Elibits, and Elibits is fun.
And I'm actually kind of far in it, well, not too far, I guess.
I'm on level 9 now.
And I don't know, I tried playing around with the level editor a little bit.
I was kind of surprised, though.
I still haven't seen any edit data from anybody else yet.
You know, and I know a bunch of my friends have to have this game, and yet I see no level
data.
I haven't been playing it enough, sorry.
But I did try making dominoes in that, and the books don't work very well as dominoes.
Although I kind of got a little chain going, but it's just that you get frustrated after
a while and then you just start throwing everything around, and that's kind of fun.
Then I played Cars for the Wii that I bought for Nellie because she wanted another racing
game and she insisted on Cars, and the game sucks balls.
And I knew when I bought it that it was going to be awful, and I just had no idea how bad
it sucked.
But it is awful.
Why is it so awful?
Because it seems like games based on movies usually are a little weaker than usually.
Sometimes you have some good ones.
Well, if you played the 360 demo, I mean, that was okay.
The graphics at least looked pretty good.
Usually the game is full of just random catch freezes from the movie, and then the racing
itself is very slow, and the car steers like a tank, it can't turn for shit, and there's
a bunch of useless ass moves that you can do in the game, and it's just really bad.
It's meant for little kids, that's really what it is, but Nellie wanted an easy game
to play, so there's Cars, and I guess she'll have to play that.
Although she's been ignoring Cars and playing more Excite Truck instead, and she's trying
to get all the S rankings in mirror mode like Christopher has, so that he, you know, because
you all...
Oh my god, my roommate is obsessed with Excite Truck.
I doubt there's anybody in the world that has played this game as much as Xtavor.
He's beaten Excite, Super Excite, Mirror Mode, and now he got all the trophies or something,
so he got some super car thing that flashes when he drives, and he can just go right through
trees and right through other cars.
That's what you get for passing S ranks on all of the Mirror Mode stuff, you get basically
a crazy monster truck that has the POW energy thing throughout the entire race, so you can
slam through cars, trees, etc.
It's the ultimate woman driver, basically.
But there's some other stuff I guess you get in there.
Chris, can you describe this look on your face to the listeners?
No.
Because after Loki said that, I felt this death stare coming from Chris.
And of course, you know, more Grand Theft Auto, more...
I've actually been playing a little bit of Saintsboro, it's still fun to play at lunches
and stuff, but really it's just like there's not a lot coming out until fucking January.
In January there's only one Wii game, WarioWare, and that's it.
But seriously, if you've seen that YouTube clip of the dancing stage in WarioWare, you
know that this game is all you need for January.
I mean, seriously.
That's great, but you know, just other things that you want to play and stuff, even for
the 360 there's really nothing I want to pick up.
Well January's always a dead month, really, for games though, isn't it?
I did play Assault Heroes, and that was fun.
I like that.
Although people are comparing it to Quarry Warriors or something like that, it's not
exactly like that, but I guess you could...
It's pretty fun.
Actually, it kind of reminds me if they did an update to Breakthrough, I don't know if
anyone ever remembers that game, but it's kind of like that, you're in a giant death
car type thing with a gatling gun on it, and you're fighting giant machines and things.
Let's go to the chat room for some comments.
I noticed some new people in chat tonight, so hello to those of you, hopefully we get
some of your comments read.
Jared Joe says Excite Truck got old quite quickly.
So for me, it kind of did, I was like, okay, I'm kind of done with Excite Truck.
I pop it in once in a while for fun, but I think it's more Extraverse Excitement wears
off on me, but I don't know, maybe it's something about the casual gamer, because you notice
the people that are really into this that we know are two people who don't usually play
a lot of games.
But she's not playing it casually anymore, she's playing it for hours.
I know, but there's the casual gamer that plays Bejeweled for hours, so it's just interesting.
I don't know what it is about that game.
It's the gross simplicity of the controls and everything, I think.
The game really could have benefited from more tracks, and maybe more diverse cars or
something else, like different types of cars.
That's what I really think, because it comes down to, you play basically like five different
continents, and each track kind of has portions of other tracks in it, so you'll drive on
the same stretch of track.
Airtoast in our chat room says I didn't like Excite Truck until I put my own MP3s in, it
makes it so much better.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I only need to do that.
I haven't really done that with Excite Truck, because I don't have my own SD card, but I
know Xterfer does, and he does that.
That's what I do with Burnout, which is the racing game I've been playing a lot lately.
I don't like all the emo EA tracks that are in it, so I put my own music, and I'm like
Sin-Poppin' 80s and Madonna, yeah!
You can just imagine what my Burnout games look like, you know, I'm flying through the
air and you know, I'm hung up, I'm hung up on you.
Crap!
That's what it's like to play Burnout with me.
Is that it?
That's it.
Alright, My Gaming Week.
I've also been playing Elibits a little bit, not a lot to really give my full opinions
on the game yet, but I can definitely tell this was a game where the Wii stuff was not
an afterthought.
I mean, even with Zelda, you kind of go, well, the game wasn't originally designed for the
Wii, and you know, definitely Trauma Center wasn't originally designed for the Wii, and
those are some of the strongest launch titles we had, but the cool thing about Elibits is
it was definitely designed with the Wii in mind, and it's kind of cool, you know, I think
the comparisons to Katamari Damacy are fair, I think it has a lot of that same cuteness
factor, I think the only kind of weak point is the music does not have the same infectiousness
as Katamari Damacy does, and to be honest, I think that's really what sets the two games
apart.
But so far, so good gameplay-wise, which is, you know, what's really important about a
game, I'm liking the whole discovering aspect, and the levels take a long time to beat, I
thought it was gonna be like quickie little three-minute levels, these levels take like
fifteen minutes to play, it's pretty crazy, but the Elibits meow, and that's cute, because
I like, I like, you know, the microwave going off in here, meow, meow, meow, it's cute,
and I got a little stuffed Elibit, it's so cute, it's a little blue Elibit, adorable.
As far as the game is, where I have played enough of it, I think to give a fair review,
I did check out Final Fantasy III on the DS, which Loki was kind enough to give me a copy
of, thank you, the one aspect of this game I have not been able to review is the Wi-Fi,
because no one's given me their stinking code, so I'm gonna have to go on the OL Army forums
over at orangeonshredo.com and see if anyone has the Final Fantasy III on the DS, because
I'm really curious, I mean, you can send letters through the moogles and towns, but that's
about it, so it kind of seems like the Wi-Fi thing is, like, pointless, but I hear that's
how you unlock one of the jobs later on, so who knows, but otherwise, Final Fantasy III,
obviously, the missing Final Fantasy game that we never had here in the US, remember,
this is not Final Fantasy III on Super Nintendo, this is the original Final Fantasy III that
was on the NES, well, well liked in Japan, beloved game from the Final Fantasy series,
kind of a precursor to Final Fantasy V of sorts, has a very similar job system, and
if you haven't played Final Fantasy V, I guess the closest thing I could compare it to would
be Tactics, where you kind of select a job and you're leveling within that job with your
different characters, it's kind of neat having it in the 3D form, it kind of looks like Final
Fantasy VII style game on your DS, but in the old school, like, you know, less emo,
no Cloud, no Aerith, you know, more the traditional Final Fantasy, well, okay, maybe a little
bit of emo, but it's kind of cool, it's, it feels like I'm playing, again, an old Super
Nintendo Final Fantasy game, but, like, with the 3D graphics, I'm kind of like, this is
kind of, this is kind of how I like it, you know, I still like my games to feel retro,
even when they have the newer graphics, so that's what I, you know, really dig about
it, otherwise the DS features itself are a little silly, I mean, you can use the touch
controls to move your character around, but it's kind of pointless, maybe that's just
because I, you know, I'm so used to controlling Final Fantasies with a control pad, I kind
of can't do it any other way, and the top screen is, like, sometimes a map, but for
most of the game, it's just off, you don't really use it, I mean, the top screen's just
kind of there, but, I mean, that's okay, I'm kind of okay with the fact they're not really
whoring the DS features of it, they just kind of used what they needed, and then, you know,
kind of just gave us, used the system power to give us the game we desired, so, obviously,
if you're a fan of the Final Fantasy series, you have to have this game, I mean, it's such
a loved game in the series, it's got a good plot, good music, going lots of the soundtrack
course and all that, if you're not so much a fan of role-playing games, I don't think
this one's going to be a good starter, because the difficulty level is a little higher, the
game does not really tell you what to do so much, you can't easily get hints, it was not
brought over here the first time, I believe, because they thought Americans would not get
it, so keep in mind the game is a little bit harder than most of the other, you know, Final
Fantasy games that came later on where it was very easy to get hints when you didn't
know what to do, so, not good for the first-time role-player, but for, you know, someone who's
into role-playing games, you definitely have to check this out, I think it's too bad because
I think a lot of people forgot about this game amongst the Wii and PS3 releases, and
that was my gaming week, Chris, how about you, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week, aside from making mama really mad, I actually, and I played Sims 2, obviously,
that's all I play.
Do you do any of the fanfic stuff in Sims 2, because Jamie was just showing us a picture
of the doctor and Rose in bed together in Sims 2, do you do that kind of stuff?
You know, I used to play the, just the Sims, and I used to put, like, anything I found
on the internet, I'd put it in there, and I don't do that with this game because it
really messes it up, and you, I mean, they have it so that if you want to customize it,
you can, but it still messes it up to no end, so I just, I don't do that, and I just make
random characters that do stuff, I don't know, I just, I like getting the, like, they have
little things that your characters can work up to, so I've been trying to do that, but
I actually played a PS3.
Did you?
What'd you think?
I didn't like it.
What'd you play on it?
Well, it's, I don't know, it was in a kiosk, and it was at Target, and it was free, because
every time I go in there, it's either off, like, the kiosk is either off, or someone's
using it, and it was just sitting there, I'm like, oh, well, I might as well, and I like
the graphics, I mean, obviously, Sony's known for their graphics, so, and I was playing
it for, like, five minutes, the control, I'm not really into car games, so the controls
were kind of wonky at first, and then, as soon as I started getting used to it, it's
like, oh, this is not too bad, it froze!
That thing apparently has done that, like, once a day.
I don't know why, I asked the guy, I'm like, did I do something, did I break it, he's like,
nah, it's probably just froze, like, rubber.
To be fair to Sony, though, these things, you know, are definitely used more than the
regular PlayStation 3s in your house, these things are played to death, you know.
I know, but they almost sold me.
Really?
Yeah!
Well, it was, I was sitting there going, it's like, oh, this is not too bad, I mean, but,
you know, between Jamie and Meg Z, they're like, Sony's evil!
It is the devil!
You know, so, and then I finally, you know, actually get to play it, and, you know, it
was like, oh, this is not bad, because I like the graphics, but other than that, then it
froze on me, and I was pissed off, I also got a little farther in Rule of Rose, that
game was weird.
But now, when Kingdom Hearts 3 comes out for the PlayStation 3, though, you'll be all over
a PS3, it's like, yep, yep, king ring it up, here it is, Kingdom Hearts.
I like Kingdom Hearts.
That's how I'll be when Fall of Asi 13 comes out, that'll finally be the one that wins
me over.
Although, you know, and I don't think it made tonight's show roll, so I'm okay in saying
this, and if I took somebody's story, I apologize, but I believe there was a late-breaking story,
I don't know if it's a rumor status or what's going on, but that Metal Gear Solid 4, which
was one of the PS3's big, big exclusives, some insider information coming from, like,
a friend who knows a guy at Konami or something, you know, take it with a grain of salt, that
it is coming to the 360 a couple months after the PlayStation.
Megsy told me that.
She was like, she's like, I am so happy that they're gonna bring it, because she's, for
Christmas, she's getting a bunch of money, so she's gonna end up going to get an Xbox,
and she was like, if they're gonna put, it's like, if they're gonna start putting stuff
on the Xbox, I don't need to get a PS3.
I am so happy.
So, she actually told me about that.
If only, like, Kingdom Hearts 3 could come out on 360, then great, then it's it.
Yeah, then I have to go buy that.
Yeah, yeah.
Alright.
Anyway, if you wanna join our chat room and participate in the conversations with us,
it's chat.orangeloungeradio.com, head on over there, and we got a nice, full chat room tonight,
so thanks, you guys, for sticking with us.
Some quick housekeeping before we get into tonight's news.
Earlier in our last week's show, I should say, I promised that there'd be some big changes
coming to our website, and realistically, that's probably not gonna happen now until,
like, January.
We're trying to plan, like, a big overhaul for the website, so stay tuned for that.
We know that our website is, it has room for improvements, let's just put it that way,
so although we love our webmaster who helps us out, it's just, it's the site itself we
just kinda wanna try some different things with, so you can look for that, hopefully
in January-ish.
Also we should say, this is our last live show of 2006, if you can believe it, because
next Sunday is Christmas Eve, and the Sunday after that is New Year's Eve, and of course
we have respective, you know, family and friend plans for those days, and we imagine most
of you guys do, too, so, you know.
They have no lies outside of you, Rob.
I like to think that, but no, no, we know that you guys probably have your own things
going on, so we will be delivering new content to the podcast feeds, certainly look for,
you know, a year-end round-up type show, our top games of the year, those types of things
will be pre-recorded and coming to our audio archive, which is available on our website,
just click on podcast over at orangeloungeradio.com.
One other quick thing I wanted to say, I wanted to give a quick plug for iTunes, and leaving
us reviews there, like happy things, because the more reviews we get in iTunes, the more
people notice the show, and you know, we're all about, hey, we do this show for free,
and we try not to ask for too much, you know, we, in the beginning, I think when we first
started podcasting, we got all up on this, oh, you got to vote for us on Podcast Alley
and, oh, give us a good thing on Yahoo Podcast, and now we kind of, you know, we're just kind
of like, okay, whatever, we just want to, people to spread the word, that's all we ask.
If you enjoy the show, tell a friend about the show, you know, tell somebody, you know,
but leaving the iTunes reviews, I mean, honestly, iTunes being the biggest thing, that really
does help us, because then it boosts our ranking there and what shows up on the front page
and all that stuff, and that, so if you don't have any friends to tell, or friends that
would appreciate this program, you can leave us a happy review on iTunes and that would
be permissible, we'd like that, so, thank you guys, appreciate it.
Alright, enough, enough begging and pleading, let's get into some gaming news, the core
of what we're about, and, but, but, but begging and pleading is awesome, especially when I
get stuff.
Well, do you want to beg for something?
No.
Okay.
Are you, are you above begging?
I'm above everything.
Alright.
That's not what she said last night.
What?
You liked it?
What?
That's not what she said last night.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, hey.
Yeah, but you didn't argue.
Okay, well, this, this sounds like something we ought to send over to Howard Stern instead.
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la.
Let's go to game news, and we'll start off with some kind of exclusive stuff, I think?
Yeah.
Insider stuff.
That's an update to stuff that we mentioned before.
Okay, first, you know, because we have new listeners every week, thanks to, like, xbstream
and iTunes and people spreading the word and all that, folks may not know how you get some
insider information, so really quickly, how do you get insider information, and how reliable
is it?
I work for a game distributor, and usually the information I get is pretty reliable,
seeing as it's coming from the actual companies putting out these games, and we do keep a
constant update with a lot of them, especially through the holidays, because we're cutting
POs, like, every day and stuff, so.
But I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna be the devil's advocate here, you know, just going from your
track record in 2006, it's a little bit hit and miss, like, we found that your ties really
tell us, like, the new games that are coming out, like, you knew about PlayStation 3 Oblivion
long before anyone else did, and mentioned it on this program, obviously, one of the
big things that had us out there in 2006 was the Konami before E3, you knew there were
gonna be two DDRs for Xbox, Xbox 360, you knew there was a Castlevania game coming on
DS, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah.
Release dates?
It's harder because the companies move them around.
It's really companies that move that shit around because I wish it were, you know, announce
a release date and actually the game comes out, you know, that day, but that's usually
not the case because they're shifting their priorities around, you know, working on certain
games, certain games are behind in development or ahead in development or, you know, certain
games are done and they're just waiting for, you know, certification, so, there's a lot
of factors that shift the dates around every day, you know, type of things.
Alright, so you have release date news now for two big games.
Two big games.
One that we've been talking about forever on this program, and one kind of for me a
surprising move, but anyway, I'll shut up.
Anyways, so, of course we mentioned the big, it was the big news, you know, we mentioned
back that Halo 3 will be coming out March 15th.
It has been delayed a little bit, you know, probably because they're not done with it
yet, but the new date now from Microsoft is May 15th, and, you know, who knows, that could
change once we get closer to May, but as of right now, it is May 15th.
Now that date makes a little bit of sense, and in some ways and not in others.
To me it makes sense because of the beta test that was almost going to happen in March.
That's the appropriate time frame, right, but, so we knew that March date was going
out the window when they announced it.
And the March date too, it would make sense too that they'd move, because they've got
other games coming out in March, and to stack three Microsoft games in one month, I mean,
they don't want one game, especially Halo 3, they don't want that detracting from the
sales of other games, so, you know, you want to move stuff around.
But one of the other big things that pointed towards the possible spring release was the
whole fiscal year thing, and now May 15th is now a new fiscal year, so that's kind of
one of the things where I go, well, that's different, but maybe do they just, you know,
trying to have a lot of, because maybe they think Sony and Nintendo are not going to have
a lot of big titles in 2008?
And usually...
Or I should say the 07-08 fiscal year?
Well usually April-May is pretty slow, I mean, I think, what, last year, or I should say
this year, during May, the big game release was, well, they had X-Men 3, Hitman Blood
Money, and Jaws Unleashed, so, I mean, that's not really that big, I mean, when you think
about it.
So it makes sense that they would, you know, kind of push it back, because there's a lot
of games coming out, and they also, you know, they're pushing to sell more hardware units
right now, and I think a lot of people are buying 360s, because, again, can't get a hold
of a Playstation 3, and kind of listening to what they're doing with a Playstation 3
and how they're still having trouble getting units out there, despite the fact that they're
still seeing 2 million by the end of the year, right?
It's probably, they're thinking that's going to be when they're starting to catch up a
little bit, and then they just need something else to kind of pull the attention away from
Sony type thing.
So, you know, that could change, I mean, also Forza 2 was scheduled for May now, so there's
a lot of stuff that's being, you know, delayed, and, you know, I'm not surprised.
The other game that got delayed, though, into February, is Wii Play, and that I'm kind of
surprised about, because the game's done, and it's just, I was surprised to hear that
one too, when you posted in our, you know, obviously Wii host discussed what we were going
to talk about on the show beforehand, and I was kind of surprised to read that too,
because I was thinking the same thing, the game's done, why do they need to push it back
to February?
Is there that much localization?
Unless they're worried that Warrior Aware's going to take away from it or something, which
I don't understand why they would do that, but, whatever the case may be, Wii Play's
delayed to February 20th, it used to be actually one month prior, I think on January 19th is
when we had it before, which is great, because that was, you know, the two games I was going
to get for the Wii, because that was pretty much it, that was coming out.
Would it be production issues because of the free remote that comes with it?
It's possible that they just don't have enough remotes to go with it, and that would make
sense.
Or, you know, as we're going to talk about a little later on in Part B, which I'm sure
a lot of folks have heard about on the internet this week, the fact that they're going to
have to go back and change a lot of the remotes, could that be doing with it?
They started shipping those new remotes with the new straps since the Australian launch,
and they've even had some, actually, all the remotes and systems that are shipped after
this Monday will have the new straps in them, so, not really, I don't think that's a huge
issue because, you know, the straps are easy to manufacture, it's probably the remotes
because they're really having trouble getting a lot of accessories out.
Interesting.
All right, well, thank you very much for the, I guess, exclusive news, and we'll see how
it plays out.
I mean, I look for date changes every single day, three times, four times a day, and Halo,
as soon as I saw that change, I had two times a day.
But that also kind of makes me go, okay, well, what's to say it's not going to move again?
And I don't know.
I don't know if it's not going to move again, and really, it could just, I've seen games
that were scheduled to come out last year, and now they're scheduled to come out in 2007,
so it all depends on how quickly, you know, they're getting the game done.
I would trust your date more than the, you know, placeholders that people use on EB Games
and GameStop.
You know, they go, oh, the game's coming out 11-1.
Well, yeah, they're saying, oh, it's going to come out for Christmas because they want
to sell it during Christmas.
That may be, they may want to try to sell it on the anniversary of Halo or something
like that, but I don't think that they're really going to hold to that, you know, just
because, I don't know, they'll sell it when it's done.
All right, well, the game will be out when it's out, so we'll see if you were right or
not, Loki.
Well, there have been some strange goings-on, at least concerning Microsoft and Halo 3.
Apparently, there was a site in Europe that was trying to sell the promotional codes for
the Halo 3 beta that are actually supposed to be given out as a promotional item, so
they've been, they've had the major smackdown on them.
And basically, they are not going to receive the beta codes.
They're being removed from the Xbox community network immediately.
They are, Microsoft is not going to have any involvement with their sites.
They're completely cutting them off.
No, no goods, no nothing.
You've been excommunicated from the Church of the Gates.
Seriously.
But it's basically people trying to turn a profit on something that doesn't really belong
to them to sell.
Well, yeah, they shouldn't do that crap, you know.
I say they have it coming.
I'm kind of glad Microsoft is laying the smackdown, you know.
Let's hear it for some values.
There you go.
What?
Microsoft is going to have to choke a bitch.
Is Bill Gates going to have to choke a bitch?
All right, I guess that would more be like probably Peter Moore choking a bitch, or Major
Nelson.
Maybe we'll see why they call him Major.
Anyway.
Why is somebody in the chat room named Marky Mark?
That's funny.
Maybe that's their name.
Maybe the Funky Bunch is not far behind, or maybe they hear that line a lot.
That's fantastic.
Marky Mark, you are the chat room hero.
But look, Marky Mark is the first to bitch though.
Why all this old news?
Well, you know, we do a show weekly.
I don't know if you heard, but we do a show weekly, so sometimes we have to do stories
that might have come out on Monday.
I don't know.
Well, something that came out mid-week was a brand new update for Xbox 360 backward compatibility,
and a bunch of new games have been announced as finally being backwards compatible on the
Xbox 360, and the short list would include games such as Destroy All Humans, Buffy the
Vampire Slayer, Family Guy, Mortal Kombat Armageddon, Psychonauts, which a lot of folks
are waiting for, Scarface, Soul Calibur 2, and a lot of other titles, many, many, many
titles, and the list is now over 300 original Xbox titles.
If you want to see the complete list, you can check that out.
Major Nelson posted a list on his blog, or you can head over to the Xbox official website
to check that out.
Yes.
Yes, ma'am.
For dumb people, what does backwards compatibility mean?
Oh, no.
Not a problem.
I mean, you play casual games, but you do more computer gaming, right, than you do console?
I don't do a lot of console games.
I mostly do, yeah, computer games.
Not a problem.
I do not know what backwards- A gamer on a Mac!
Not a problem.
Shut up!
No, I'm pointing out.
Mac games.
No, well, people, bitch, we don't cover enough computer gaming on this show, so I'm glad
to hear that.
So, no, backwards compatible means, you know how there's the original Xbox and the Xbox
360?
Well, like, you know, when PlayStation came out, everybody, you know, one of the biggest
things about the PlayStation 2 is that, oh, all my old PlayStation games will work on
it.
When PlayStation 3 came out, it was, oh, you know, all my old PlayStation 2 games will
work on it, and so on and so on.
But when the Xbox 360 came out, it was, well, we have software emulation because we changed
our graphics chip, so some of the games will work on it, and we'll release updates every
so often, and we're going to get 99% of our library.
What did he say?
It was supposed to be every month, and it's been every six months or whatever.
Needless to say, Microsoft hasn't been quite as speedy as we would have liked, but they're
trying to get more of the old-school Xbox titles playable.
Not a problem.
Not a problem.
Anyways.
So, yeah, speaking of, you know, being behind on updates and stuff, well, one of the updates
that just recently happened to the dashboard is causing a lot of stir, especially with
people claiming that it's bricked their console and now they want their share of the profits.
So, as we mentioned last week, there was a class-action lawsuit filed by some guy for
damages basically caused by this update, and now there's been some actual updates to this
and what exactly it was about.
The whole premise of this class-action lawsuit was they claimed that because of this update,
they had to have their console fixed, and Microsoft wanted $140 to fix their console
instead of doing it for free because it was their fault.
And so, he's basically saying that they're using this to profit from it.
And he's seeking $5 million in damages, which is basically just to get them into the correct
courthouse.
They, you know, will of course adjust the amount depending on how many people are claiming
to have the same problem.
Right now, it's about 400 people, or 1% of, well they're saying 1% of the 360 owners right
now have this problem, and 400 people have come forward saying that they do have this
problem.
But, you know, I think, I thought that what I heard before that they were fixing these
for free, you know, the ones that were, you know, affected by this because I guess they'd
pop up a certain error code and they would just be able to replace the console for free,
but I mean, if it's actually true that they're charging $140 to fix the console, then yeah,
he's right.
Well, it sounds to me like it took a minute for the left hand to tell the right hand what
was going on.
I think so.
You know, it's such a big company like Microsoft, I'm thinking these people got told they were
going to have to pay before they realized the scope of what was happening.
You know what I mean?
I think so, yeah.
That sounds like what happened to me.
But I don't think that, I mean...
No, I think if Microsoft realized their error, apologized for it, and fixed the machines,
there should not be a lawsuit.
There shouldn't be a lawsuit.
People have a right to be mad at them and question, you know, if they want to trust
them in the future, but lawsuits are totally unnecessary.
Here's what they need to do, and this is basically what they did before with the overheating
problem with the consoles.
People had to send them in to get fixed, say they sent it in to get fixed for this specific
issue.
If they paid the money to have it fixed, they would be refunded this money.
If they haven't, you know, sent it in yet, they would be fixing them for free.
It's just like they did with the consoles sold at launch that were having heating issues
and if your console bricked because of that, they would fix it for free, or they will send
you a refund for the amount that you paid to fix it.
And I was pissed when my console bricked.
Go back and listen to a show around, it was around Valentine's Day when this happened,
and I was pissed when my console bricked.
And I said a lot of nasty things about Microsoft, but when we say a console was bricked, Chris
is like, bricked?
When we say a console is bricked, that means it broke, so you can't do anything but hold
down paper with it, essentially, that's why we call it bricks.
I'm helping people who may not know that.
That's all right.
And then also the other cool term I like is that they send you a coffin, and the coffin
is what you put the brick in because you're sending it back to Microsoft to be buried.
I wish though, I understand why they want to do these lawsuits and stuff, but I really
wish that people would just have better communication with these companies and I'm sure that they
could resolve it out of court instead of saying, I'm going to sue you until you do what I say,
and they really just need to open more of a discussion before going and throwing lawsuits
down.
Because you know what?
I can bet you that within a few weeks we'll be reporting that someone's going to file
a class action lawsuit over this goddamn Wiimote strap shit because, oh, they knew it was broken
because that's why they're fixing it.
Well, you know what?
There was actually some companies that did some, or I should say websites that did independent
testing on this, and that fucking wrist strap held enough weight, okay?
What you're doing is beyond abuse.
We'll get into the Wii stuff later.
We're still on Xbox now.
Whatever.
Calm down, Loki.
Calm down.
All right.
Anyway, I wanted to read some chat comments.
First off, I want to clear Marky Mark's name because I said earlier that he said that we
were reporting old news, but he was actually talking about the chat room was talking about
old news.
Marky Mark says, our news rocks, and he still loves us, so thank you, and I wanted to clear
his name there, and you all can play nicely with Marky Mark because he seems like a good
guy.
We have a lot of new people in chat tonight.
This is awesome.
Thanks, you guys, for coming in the live experience, and if anyone else ever wants to join us live,
we tape Sundays at 6 o'clock Pacific time, although you'll have to wait until 2007 to
really pick that up again.
I guess our first live show would be, what, January 6th or whatever that first Sunday
is in January, so look for us then.
All right.
Is there any other chat comments here?
A lot of folks going back and forth between the lawsuit, DDRDollarBill says, I will sue
for stubbing my toe.
Maybe that's from playing too much DDR.
That's from Weird Al.
Mystic, oh, is that what, oh, the Weird Al song that Jamie was playing in her car the
other day, because I was going to say, this whole thing makes me think of that Weird Al
song about all the lawsuits.
No, that's the New Jersey one.
That one was funny.
All right.
Anyway, let's keep it moving with some more gaming news.
But I don't want to move.
I'm comfortable.
Well, I will pick you up and throw you.
No.
Well, speaking of throwing, we had someone throw up some secret information, apparently.
And I'm sure everyone's familiar with the actress Kristen Bell, yes?
Veronica Mars?
Yeah.
Well, that's one of Extrovert's favorite shows.
I need to watch that show because apparently Joss is a big fan.
Apparently.
I haven't, I'll be honest.
And Joss Whedon is my lord and master.
I haven't watched it, but I want to.
Joss Whedon is my master now.
Right now, Heroes is my lord and master.
That is the best damn show I've watched in like the past five years.
Those fuckers are making us wait until January for new episodes.
I hate them.
I need, okay, the Lost fans have to wait till February.
Shut up.
They're still Lost fans.
The Lost sucks.
Wait, wait, wait.
I do, by the way, have to thank our friends at Pod Culture for sending me 11 episodes of
Heroes so I can get started.
All I have to say, you'll love Peter.
He's the bomb.
You'll love him.
Okay.
All right.
Well, back to the story.
There's a game coming out called Assassin's Creed that's out by Ubisoft.
Well, she sort of spilled the beans.
She said, to quote, it's sort of based on the research that's sort of happening now,
but the fact that your genes might be able to hold memory.
And you could argue semantics and say it's instinct, but how does a baby bird know how
to eat a worm as opposed to a cockroach if its parents don't show it?
I guess she's talking about genetic memory and all that, but she's just going into all
this stuff about what's in the game, and Ubi hasn't confirmed her diet or anything, but
I just think it's funny that she spilled the stuff they've been trying to hold back.
Well, she probably didn't know any better.
I mean, I have this feeling she probably doesn't read video game blogs in her spare time.
They didn't have her sign an NDA.
Or maybe she doesn't realize that she's spilling plot details that weren't ready to be spilled
yet.
It's probably just an innocent mistake.
But it's still funny.
Oh yeah, it's kind of funny.
And my favorite thing about this, I actually get this story from Eurogamer, they are fantastic.
I just love that they call it Ass Creed in the title.
Well, not exactly off topic here, but I'm officially boycotting Ubisoft games.
Why?
Because Ubisoft, their last few games have really blown, and I think back to everything
that I've bought from them, I mean, granted, Ghost Recon and Tom Clancy games aren't really
my cup of tea, but the stuff for the Wii, Red Steel, Blue, GT sucked, Monster 4x4 sucked,
the Wii version of Splinter Cell sucked, Far Cry sucks.
I'm not buying anymore of your games, seriously.
Rayman's Ray of the Rapids was okay, but still kind of sucked.
And Shannon Arms wasn't bad.
Didn't they publish that?
They didn't make it, but they published it.
They published it, okay, but still though, I think that I'm done with Ubisoft, and looking
forward to some of the stuff that they have coming out, like, was it Ghost Recon Advanced
Warfighter 2, which, by the way, looking at screenshots of that and the original one,
you can't tell them apart, I will not be buying that game.
I am so inviting somebody from Ubisoft to come on this program in the future.
Jeremy Todd 1 says in our chat room, Loki, that's a dumb move.
Boycotting games will cause the Wii to turn out the same way as the GameCube.
No third party support.
If people boycott third party games, then they will stop making games, and the Wii will
die just like the GameCube did.
I agree and I disagree.
I don't think that you should buy a game just to support third party development, but if
Loki thinks the game sucks, he shouldn't have to buy it.
Exactly.
But Loki's just kind of harsh on games, I mean, God, you think GameSpot's bad?
I mean...
Hey, listen, listen, I'm not harsh on games, it's just, seriously, Red Steel, I had high
hopes for this game.
You know, it sold the console for me, it was supposed to be like...
Well, now who's fault is it?
You got your hopes up.
Well, when I played the game, it seemed fine, but then somewhere between, you know, playing
at E3 and when it came out, they decided to take a giant dump on it, and, you know, and
apparently, you know, the game sucks, and trying to play multiplayer is like playing
the goddamn game with Parkinson's or something, because the fucking remote goes all over the
goddamn place.
So...
Take a deep breath in and out.
It's awful.
It's back on track here, Loki, keep going.
Real quick, real quick, Dartick Suya, Loki, Red Steel 2?
It's gonna suck.
I'm not buying it.
It'll just be the same damn fucking engine, okay, they can go back and tweak it and make
it a little bit better, but please, you know, take a page from Capcom, listen to the goddamn
feedback from the people that play your games.
James Patrick, Red Steel is better than Killzone and Mace Griffin on PS2, Red Steel isn't
that bad.
Okay, Killzone on PlayStation 2, that game is fucking old, and, granted, the game itself,
I mean, is probably pretty good, it's just the controls that suck, and that's what's
really bad about it, is the fact that they really fucked up what could have been a good
game.
Black Boy says, I kinda liked Red Steel.
Good, to each their own, but you know what?
There's people out there that are actually gonna put down money for Splinter Cell Double
Agent on the Wii, and I go, why, but, whatever.
Go ahead, buy GT and Monster 4x4 for the Wii, because those aren't like old GameCube games
or something that they just re-released and tacked on controls to.
Oh wait, no, they are.
Alright, I see Jamie twiddling her thumbs over there, she's sick of Loki bitching, she's
ready to get to a new story, aren't you?
Aren't you, Dark Sakura?
Alright, well, I have a story about Luminous.
You like Luminous, right?
I like Luminous.
Do you like Luminous on the Xbox 360?
I'll take that as a no.
I haven't played Luminous.
Oh, okay.
I was like, I don't know how to answer that, because I like Luminous, and I like the Xbox
360.
Here's the thing.
Luminous on the 360 is great, except for the Xbox 360 controller.
And the fact that, you know, you have all these microtransactions, and the fact that
if you own the PSP version, there's really not a lot of reason to get Luminous on 360.
But if you don't have a PSP, you really should have Luminous on the 360.
But anyway, there's a reason why I bring this up.
Xbox and Microsoft apparently thinks more people should be playing Luminous, and they
are going to have an official competition.
It's the Xbox Live Arcade Challenge, and it's going to feature Luminous Live starting today,
the 17th, and it's going to run through the 23rd of December.
So if you think you're good at Luminous, specifically the 60-second attack mode, if you can make
a ton of bricks in the 60-second attack mode, I mean, it doesn't take long to try, you should
enter this contest, and you might win a 42-inch Hitachi Plasma HD TV.
Four runners up will get an HD DVD bundle, a wireless headset, and the 360 wireless racing
wheel.
A hundred ranking players, like the next hundred ranking players, will get 500 Microsoft Points
tokens to be redeemed for Xbox Live imagery, which I'm assuming means you can't buy games
with it.
Probably because it would, I'm assuming the reason why is because it would screw up the
reimbursement to the creators of the game, which is why they forced you to get imagery
with it.
But if you really wanted a Halo theme that you have to pay for or something, I guess,
you know, you could place in the top 100 and get it.
By the way, they're also doing Small Arms, and that is running from the 24th of this
month through the 30th.
So you only have to be in the top 105.
So get to work.
I'd like to see some OL Army members win some Xbox Live imagery.
Wouldn't that be fun?
Do I have to buy into this competition for Lumenus, because, you know, you have to buy
the game, but I believe everything else you have to purchase.
No, I don't believe so.
They should have had a, you know, a thing that you have to purchase to, like, turn the
game off or something.
The tournament skin or whatever?
The power button skin?
All right, forget it.
Let's keep them moving.
Anyways, so, um, God, I hate Lumenus, but Lumenus is great.
I love, like, I love Lumenus for PSP.
It was my absolute favorite game that came out last year, you know, and I love Mizuguchi.
I think the man's a god.
I forgive him for 99 Nights.
Even I didn't think that game was that bad.
I found the good in 99 Nights, okay?
Every extend extra I ran out and bought, but anyway, Lumenus 2 is, like, if you didn't
have Lumenus 1, Lumenus 2 is, like, really good.
And even if you're a fan of Lumenus, Lumenus 2 is really, really good.
It really is.
So, you're just hating on puzzle games, you're hating on everything today.
Um, so, if you're looking for some better games to be coming out, the XNA is definitely
one way that might happen, especially since now it's allowing a lot of independent developers
to create their own Xbox Live Arcade games, or possibly Xbox Live Arcade games, but they're
saying that basically the XNA is going to become the YouTube for games, so I have to
ask, are these going to be games that are reruns of shows that were on the night before
that I can catch in case I missed, you know, or is it going to be, like, you know, knock-offs
of everything, or, you know, I'm going to see Game A with music from Game B or something.
Will I see 13-year-old girls at their slumber parties lip-syncing Britney Spears into their
hairdryers?
I mean, is that what XNA is going to do for me?
Is that how it becomes the YouTube of games?
Basically, they're just trying to take the YouTube concept and bring it into games, basically
like a community arcade, to be able to share your own games with the whole community.
But you have to buy into this community in order to be able to do that, so it's not like
you're really going to break through on this huge scale.
You know, I have to give one of our buddies a plug here.
Our old buddy Bobby Blackwolf over at All Games Radio, I was listening to his show a
little bit before we went live tonight, and he does a lot of in-depth on XNA this week,
because he does certainly more game programming than I've ever done, so he actually downloaded
it and was trying to make a card game in it, so it's kind of interesting to hear about
what the thing will do and won't let you do, and kind of the ease of use in the program.
So he's over at allgames.com if you want to check out his show, since I don't program,
so I don't really see the point in getting XNA.
I mean, is this something you do, Loki?
You're a little more of a dissecting things than I am.
I think I downloaded it, and I'm like, I don't have the fuck to use this, and then I deleted
it.
So yeah, I don't have to pay $99 a year for YouTube, so I don't understand how this...
You only have to pay $99, I believe, to play the games on your Xbox 360.
You can distribute them for free using Windows.
You can play the games on Windows, and apparently I guess the wired controllers and the wireless
ones, once that wireless adapter comes out, all the XNA games will support those controllers.
You don't necessarily need to buy into this yet, but I would like to see an open place
where you can play some games or download some free arcade games, that'd be nice.
Funny Dale says, XNA will never be YouTube because 90% of people are too stupid to use
XNA.
You know what, though?
Could you imagine if they banned stupid people from YouTube?
There'd be no YouTube.
There'd be no more really awful music videos.
I know, it would be something else.
Could you imagine if YouTube made you take an IQ test?
They should make you take an IQ test before you read.
I should make a website called IQTube.
That would be...
You'd better patent that.
You know, there's people coming on, so here's my opinion about this, I think this is like,
not right, and you know, people shouldn't really do that, and you know, I just got my
hair done.
Britney Spears, I really want you to put on panties, why won't you listen to me, girl?
Britney Spears is listening to you.
She's actually listening to you on YouTube.
She's searching for your blog.
Now there's a game I'd like to see in XNA.
Help Britney Spears dress herself.
Why not?
They made Britney Spears dance beat.
I saw the greatest thing, I thought about getting this for you for Christmas.
They had it at some stupid jewelry store or whatever, it was a DVR-like game, but it was
to teach you how to cheerlead.
Oh my god, I saw commercials for that, that was so fucking hilarious.
It's like, okay girls, go!
Pom pom.
Isn't that just like Para Para paradise?
Not really, okay.
It's like an exercise video except you're on like a DVR-type mat, so it was funny.
Alright.
Well hey, how about something different?
Sure, like what?
Than cheerleaders, how about release dates?
Okay, now let's talk about some games we'll actually get to play.
Well, I have our UK release dates, and just as a disclaimer, again, a few weeks ago we
got a notice that people in other parts of Europe would like to hear the things from
their areas.
Haven't found anywhere quite reliable yet, so I'm going to go ahead and give the UK releases
for this week.
How's that sound?
Swell.
Well, it could be swell, but the swelling eventually goes down.
Get to the damn release dates.
Oh come on, that was funny.
Chris laughed.
Anyway, coming out, oh, stop that, okay, hey, and it's kind of funny because this game's
coming out on the winter solstice.
The 21st, we have Sam & Max Episode 2, Situation Comedy for the PC.
The 22nd, Marvel Ultimate Alliance on Wii, Open Seasons, Star Trek Legacy, Wii Sports
on Christmas Day, which is bizarre, and then a few other to-be-announced ones, The Silent
Hill Origins, Point Blank, Limbo of the Lost, which just sounds very interesting.
That's it, really not too much else.
Wow, all right, well, you know, what's to be expected right before Christmas?
Well, actually, if you're in Japan, you have a lot of other options.
Xbox 360 over in Japan, again, these Japanese release dates.
Lost Planet coming out on December 21st, Madden NFL 07 if you're a football fan in Japan.
Need for Speed Carbon and Sonic the Hedgehog all making their way to the Xbox 360 on December
21st.
PlayStation 3 is going to see Armored Core 4 on the 21st, also their version of Need
for Speed Carbon and their version of Sonic the Hedgehog all making their way to the PlayStation
3.
Over on Nintendo Wii, guess what, Need for Speed Carbon, because that game comes out
everywhere.
We're getting Monster 4x4 World Circuit from Ubisoft, hooray!
On the PlayStation 2, School Love, which is our game name of the week, School Love comes
out, also a limited edition.
This game is made by Views, and again, it's a PlayStation 2 game, and of course, what
Japanese release would be incomplete without the anime-looking cute girls in uniforms on
the cover with the name School Love underneath that.
Dating Sim, right?
I think that's what it looks like, because I'm looking at the little screenshot pictures
here.
That's a Dating Sim.
Yeah, it looks like a Dating Sim.
So if you have ever wanted to date school girls in the comfort of your own home...
I actually own a Dating Sim.
Really?
Well, okay, it has a Dating Sim, and it sort of, um, I have the Rival Schools Evolution,
or I should say, uh, Shiri to Justice Kakuen.
Um, I bought the Evolution disc, I paid like $90 for that, but it has a high school simulator
in there, where a Batsu asks you out on a date for your birthday, and then you play
sort of Rival Schools DDR.
It's really bizarre.
I have Yowie Dating Sims, those are always fun.
The only Dating Sim I ever played was a DS game called Sprung, and it's the biggest piece
of shit game I've ever played in my life.
It was a piece of shit.
If you own Sprung, burn it.
Actually...
Watching it on fire will be more entertaining than playing the game.
I have one more Sim game, like the Interactive Sims, as I have, um, one of the Evangelion
games on Saturn.
Alright.
The rest...
Is that the porn one?
Not the porn one.
I gotta get to the rest of the releases, because there's some big stuff in here.
Secret of Evangelion, speaking of Evangelion, Secret of Evangelion coming out from Jinx,
also in Japan on PlayStation 2, and, uh, Squeenix fanboys, prepare thy selves, here comes your
fanboy boner, Seiken Detsetsu 4, also known as Dawn of Mana, December 21st, this week.
I need new pants.
There goes her boner.
On the Nintendo DS, you have a cute pouch, DS Lite, oh, these are like just little pouches,
I think, uh, Angel Pocket with DS Diary, lots of little things coming out there for the
DS accessory-wise, and the sweet pouch, also coming from Konami, but get this, if you cannot
get enough hamster action on your Nintendo DS, Hamster 2 Kurasao is coming out on the
Nintendo DS in Japan, it's the cutest cover, and look at the cute cover, oh god, hold on,
this is great radio, this is great radio, uh, let me post that link in our chat room
there if you folks would like to check out the love hamsters there on the DS, they can't,
but seriously, can one of our Japanese listeners, because I know we have some, can one of them
email me and please tell me what is up with hamsters?
You know, I think I want to buy- Apparently they're good for the ass.
I think, sadly, that trend was probably started in America.
I think I'm going to actually buy one of those DS hamster games, because they have the hamsters
ones, unfortunately it's by Ubisoft, so much for your boycott, they have hamster's life
or whatever, and you get to create their own little house and stuff, so I might buy that
just to try it out.
I do have a rebuttal for the chat room, by the way, don't you know Cyberbots is Capcom's
number one game?
Alright.
It was a quote in Puzzle Fighter.
There's still more games I gotta get to, this is such a huge week in Japan, it's slow for
us but for Japan it's huge, they're getting on the PSP, every extend extra, which we've
had here for a couple weeks, it's pretty good, if you like pretty things you should check
out every extend extra, and Need for Speed Carbon, and Metal Gear Solid Portable Ops
coming out in Japan this week on the 21st.
Over on the Dreamcast, oh no, I'm sorry, those dates are in February, nevermind, you gotta
ways out, but you will get new games on the 22nd of February, and that's all I care to
share with you at this time.
If you're looking for games in the United States this week, you're not gonna have much
to choose from, actually.
Coming out on the PSP we have Metal Slug Anthology, also Bubble Bobble Evolution, and then on
Playstation 2 Brave the search for Spirit Dancer, which is delayed since like August,
and on PC Paws and Claws Pet School, where you get to cure animals by petting them, and
I swear to god, oh my god, cute!
That's all you do!
Oh, you're dying from cancer, my petting will save you!
That's basically this game, I swear to god.
And then on the Xbox 360 you're getting Rapala Trophies, because if you really want a really
crappy-ass fishing game, there you go, and then Mad Catz, the Xbox Live Arcade Retro
Stick, which, people say it's awesome for Xbox Live Arcade games, but I think it looks
like a giant piece of crap, so, whatever you wanna, if you wanna buy it, great.
Shouldn't you try it before you pass judgement on it here on this program?
It just looks awful, dude, it looks, I'm not buying an arcade stick for just a couple Xbox
Live Arcade games.
I will build my own stick before I go and buy one.
But that's it!
Yeah, well, I have some game news, and this is fun game news, there's gonna be a new Final
Fantasy Tactics on PSP, and they're also doing a sequel to the Game Boy Advance Final Fantasy
Tactics Advance.
So they actually made the announcement in Shonen Jump, they were still waiting on some
details, but the one coming out on PSP is actually called Final Fantasy Tactics Shishi
Senso, meaning it's, they're also saying it's gonna be cel-shaded, have new jobs, and is
a sequel to the PSX one.
Oh, okay, because I heard it was like a direct port of the PlayStation one, but it sounds
like they're enhancing it, like a lot of these, you know.
It's a sequel.
Huh, interesting.
I'll be cool.
I mean, if it's the same one with more stuff, then that will still be fun, because Final
Fantasy Tactics, even though I'm not a fan of tactics games, I think it's cool, I like
watching people play them.
And then the other one is, that's going to be the sequel to the Game Boy Advance title,
and they're not sure what pla- it's not listed what platform it's gonna be on, but it's called
Final Fantasy Tactics A2 Fuketsu no Gurimor, Gurimore, I think, Gurimore, yeah, I guess.
So yeah.
Alright.
Well.
Yeah!
I like Final Fantasy Tactics.
Don't laugh at me.
I'm not a big fan of tactical games, usually, but Final Fantasy Tactics, you know, because
I'm such a Final Fantasy whore, it allows me to cross over into the tactical side.
Well, since Dark Sakura brought up the PSP, I suppose this will be a good time for us
to talk about that big news in Sony World this week, and by big, I mean their noses,
for being big, big liars.
If you did not hear yet about the website AllIWantForXmasisapsp.com, seriously, get
out there and read some of the funny shit some of the bloggers wrote about it, because
here's the story of what happened in a nutshell, and we saw this play out throughout this week.
It launched called AllIWantForXmasisapsp.com, and it was basically a blog set up by two
kids who surprisingly looked a lot older than the kids they were supposed to be, but whatever.
They were kids that really wanted a PSP, and they made these videos and put them on YouTube,
you know, singing, all I want is a PSP, da da da, and they were like, you know, dancing
around with a PSP and looking really stupid, basically.
And what happened is some guy got smart and said, you know, this can't be real.
And so they traced up who registered AllIWantForXmasisapsp.com, and the people who registered it was this company
called Zippatone.
Zippatone is one of Sony's marketing firms.
So people, once this caught wind on the game blogs, people started spamming the crap out
of this site, you know, liars, we found you out, hi Zippatone, da da da da, and just all
this nasty, nasty shit written in these comments.
And if you missed all this action play out, sorry, the site's gone because it's just a
big white page now.
But what happened later in the week, Sony fessed up and said something to the effect
of blah, blah, blah, you caught us, blah, blah, blah, I guess we were too funky fresh
for you, blah, blah, blah, et cetera, continuing to make themselves look stupid.
Because the problem I think most people had with AllIWantForXmasisapsp.com is not necessarily
the fact that they were being lied to, because there's been previous viral marketing campaigns
that were kind of, you know, fun, like the I Love Bees and stuff like that, but the problem
with AllIWantForXmasisapsp.com is they made your typical gamer look like a dumbass.
I mean just a complete and utter, and like I seriously, like when I watched these videos
I felt my intelligence be insulted, like this is supposed to win me over, this is really
what marketing people think gamers are.
And for Sony to come out and say, I guess we were too funky fresh for you, that's like
when grandma says something about like, oh wow, that was really the bee's knees trying
to be cool like you.
I'm going like, you people really don't get it.
And the thing too about it is like they're all using, they had a bunch of fake comments
on there too by people saying, oh this is the best site ever, you know, and then like
using number two for every time they said two, and just trying to fake that late speaker
or whatever on their website, and why the fuck do they create a website, because other
than they get buzz and stuff about the PSP, but it's just, to create a fake website with
a bunch of people saying, oh the PSP is awesome and stuff like that, it's just really dirty,
I don't know, it just seems like, you know, I don't see Nintendo making fake websites
going, oh the Wii is awesome and stuff, you don't need that kind of, you don't need to
make up that publicity, you know, it's just the PSP and the PlayStation 3 have been having
a big problem with their marketing campaigns.
Alright, I got some comments from the chat room I have to read here, we have a, Crispy
says, least they fessed up, well you know what, I kind of feel like they had to fess
up, I mean seriously, Sony was caught with not only their pants down, but their boxers
down too, so the world could see what an incredibly tiny, tiny penis Sony had when it came to
the PSP, because seriously that's kind of what it boils down to right now, is that Sony
is probably a little pissed that people are all hyped about Wii and DS and da da da da
da, and that there wasn't a legitimate blog out there for PSP rabid fandom, so they created
this.
And let's see, Funny Dale in our chat room says, I hate to break the news to you guys,
but every video game commercial makes gamers look like a bunch of losers.
Eh, what Cris, you say that's not true?
That's not true, I don't get that, I don't get that when I see those.
It depends, again it depends on what commercial I'm looking at, like I kind of like the Wii
commercials, but then again the Wii appeals to those that are not gamers, so.
I think.
Yeah, I don't know.
Well let's look at.
I can see where he's getting that comment from though, it has taken the society a long
time to get gamers, you know what I mean?
I think it really, like the PlayStation commercials, for both the PSP and the PlayStation 3, I
never really got them, and I always knew that they had a problem with their marketing firms,
because look at the way they're advertised, like the PSP, they have two stick figures,
or not stick figures, but like, you know, sketch drawings of like dust bunnies or whatever,
like talking about random shit, you know, and they're all PSP, it's like nuts, it's
like you can play outside or something like that, it doesn't make any sense, nor do the
PlayStation 3 commercials, they're in the room with the PlayStation 3, you know, making
a baby doll cry, it makes no sense, it's like, what the fuck is this?
And it really, it doesn't show off what the games do, or what the system does, it's just
like this commercial that you talk about, but yet you don't know what it's about, whereas
they have like Call of Duty 3 or something that shows actual gameplay, or the Wii that
shows actual gameplay, just show me the games, show me the games!
Alright, Flaming Bozo in our chat room says, no, the commercials for gaming colleges make
us look stupid.
Oh, yeah, those are awful.
Okay, I get it, thank you for citing a commercial, you're right, that one does make gamers look
pretty stupid, but I think people need to get the concept of, and this is one of those
things I feel like, you know, at least in the Wii marketing, and again, I'm not talking
about the systems, I'm talking about the marketing, in the Wii marketing it's kind of got that
gamers are everybody, who enjoys movies, everybody, who listens to music, everybody, shouldn't
games be accessible to everybody too, right, kind of thing?
I don't know.
Definitely.
One would hope.
Anyway, real quick question, then we'll get to another story here, but I want to go around
the room and ask, yes or no, and any other thing you want to say, Sony should fire any
company related to their marketing right now and start with new companies around the board,
in other words, Sony should just axe everything to do with their marketing right now and start
anew in 2007, yes or no?
I think it would be a good idea to not only get new marketers, I mean, get some people
that actually know how to market this stuff, like the people behind Burger King, or even
like Geico, just like people that come up with really creative marketing campaigns,
great, that's great, get some of those people to help you out.
Also get your higher ups to shut the fuck up, because they keep ruining any good marketing
that you do for yourselves, so that's what they need to do, and also I think companies
have a really crazy idea what viral marketing is.
Jamie, yes or no, Sony needs to fire all their marketers.
To take this from a business point of view, that would actually be pretty damn illogical
to expect them to, because they have contracts set up with these, what they need to do is
have more express control, better QA with what goes on with what's marketed, more involvement
with this, let's look at this realistically, because honestly, anything that their marketing
firms come up with, doesn't Sony have to approve?
So somebody at Sony approved these, they need to find whoever was in charge of approving
it and fire them.
Or structural reorganization, we don't like to talk about people getting killed or fired
or anything, but structural reorganization is a need.
Or hire me.
Would you save Sony?
I am brilliant, I would save Sony's ass.
Oh God, no, I'm sorry, I love you Jamie, but damn, it would be like PlayStation 3 starts
fires, fire, fire, fire.
No, no, no, no, it would be PlayStation 3 presented by Sega.
Here's what they really need to do, and they really need to just focus on what makes them
good, what makes the system good.
It plays games, it's great for gaming and stuff, maybe show off the 6 axis controller
and how it's used in games and stuff like that, maybe just focus on what the system
offers, instead of just these really cryptic fucking commercials.
Also the PSP, they need to fucking get some good marketing behind this thing because right
now, they were hoping Metal Gear Solid Portable Ops was good, it was like a system seller,
but I don't think anyone really knows what's a good game on the PSP.
Well maybe word needs to get out there that maybe it's Metal Gear, and we're trying not
to be like a Sony hate fest, I don't know, maybe some of you guys are, I don't want to
see this be like a total Sony hate fest because like I said, I love Luminous 2, there are
good things I like about the PSP, it's just that boy, your marketing sucks right now.
Some of their commercials and print materials have been decent, and so if I were to answer
this question, I'd say whoever was behind this whole thing, definitely structural reorganization,
but when it comes to, some of their marketing hasn't been bad.
What happened to the really cool marketing that they had at E3, like the Play Beyond
stuff?
That stuff was cool, they should have stuck with that, but see, my marketing scheme for
the PlayStation 3 would start off with fire in the commercial.
Okay, you know what, Sony needs to hire Jamie to be their Major Nelson, it's Sergeant Sakura.
It would start off with fire, and then there would be some more explosions in the background,
and then, this Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, your PlayStation 3 will be on fire!
No, no, no, no, no, there'd be a fence somewhere in the background, like a chain link fence,
and there'd be all these really awesome people walking around with PlayStation 3s, and then
the announcer going, buy a PlayStation 3, dammit!
Alright, I gotta let Chris comment on this being the one who maybe isn't as into consoles
as the rest of us, Sony needs to fire them all, yes or no?
Well, realistically, we all know they're not going to, because like somebody said, I think
it was Jamie, they got contracts, um, I don't think they should get fired, but someone definitely
needs to go, I nominate Jamie for this, someone needs to go in there and like bitch slap them,
because I think what they're doing is-
Gladly!
Yeah, I know.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm reading chat room and these comments are too good to pass up,
hold on, let Chris finish your thought.
Yeah, the chat room upped me, it's okay.
No, I'm sorry, finish your thought.
No, no, no, go, go, go, quick!
Okay, Fireboma has an idea for a campaign, and that is a PlayStation 3 campaign would
go something like this, only faggots buy a Wii.
And look, look, I am gay, so I can laugh at that, that is kind of funny, I'm sorry.
If you buy a Wii, that means you like it in the ass.
Xbox, this would be the other commercial, Xbox 360 owners are fat and retarded, you aren't
fat and retarded, are you?
There it is, Sergeant Fireboma, everybody.
If you have the Wii 60, does it mean that you're a big fat dyke?
You know, and honestly, even though-
That means you like fried chicken, and-
And even though that is so offensive, I would still think that's a better advertisement,
I would laugh at that.
I know, I would at least laugh at that, like if I saw a commercial come on TV, like you
think I should be offended, you know, being gay and all, but I would probably laugh, like
I'd be all, that's better than the all I want for xmas is a BSP thing.
I'm laughing so hard, that's great.
Okay-
I'm just thinking of the hate mail that's gonna come in.
New ad scheme, new ad scheme.
You guys should not be using those words on the internet.
So what?
We have a mature rating, so-
I know, whatever, whatever.
No, the ad scheme would be this, is you just have a black screen, yeah?
And the Playstation 3 shows up, it's like, you want one, we're Sony, kiss our ass!
No, no, no, I got one, I got one, I got one, I got one, I got one, I got one, I got one.
Buy a Playstation 3 or we will kill you!
Okay, hold on, alright, we're getting too crazy here, hold on.
I'm gonna put a call out to the listeners.
We have a voicemail system, right?
This is what I would know, this is a homework assignment, and we'll even turn this into
a giveaway.
This is it.
We want you to leave a voicemail, not now, if you're listening live to us on Sunday,
please don't call now, but call after, you know, when the podcast feed hits, call.
Leave your best 30-second Sony commercial, okay?
The winner, the one that persuades us to buy a Sony product the most, we will send something
from our prize pool somewhere, so we'll dig something up, I don't know, so-
Get the paper from Rob's bathroom.
Alright, so anyway, alright, so get to it, leave your 30-second voicemails, and we'll
play our favorites when we come back live here on Orange Launch Radio.
Alright, we gotta get to more news.
Where the hell were we?
Dude, my turn!
Moving on.
No, no, Loki had one thing real quick, I think.
Well, too bad.
Yes, my turn.
Okay.
So anyways, speaking of this viral marketing, because we kind of derailed that whole train
there in a second, the Federal Trade Commission actually on Monday said that the companies
would be required to disclose ties of word-of-mouth marketing campaigns, these fake grassroots
efforts dubbed astro-surfing by critics, hire people to endorse products as themselves rather
than respective companies.
So actually it's pretty cool that they're doing this, and I do think it's something,
because I always see when they're advertising different games and stuff, all these viral
marketing campaigns, and really, I don't think people know what viral marketing is.
You're not supposed to know that you're being marketed to, not by saying, look, I'm a site
called I love such-and-such game or something, I love Barbie Horse Adventures, and having
a bunch of people saying, yeah, that game rocks.
That's not viral marketing.
That is basically lying to people.
A viral marketing campaign is saying, Barbie's saying, oh, come try out my new horse game,
get an email like that or something.
That is a little bit different.
But basically they need to...
I want to get emails from Barbie.
Where do I sign up for that?
Be a dirty whore.
Or alternate reality gaming.
That's another good marketing campaign, because it gets people involved and it's kind of some
mystery to it, and I don't know, I think it's a really good way to do that.
I Love Bees, the whole Xbox 360 campaign that they did, the Hex 168 or whatever it was,
that's good marketing, but I guess when you have retarded marketing companies working
for you, that's all they can come up with.
By the way, I forgot to give you the voicemail number, speaking of a good lapse of judgment,
1-877-GAME-OLR.
That's toll free in the US and Canada.
Sorry UK listeners, you'd have to pay, but you could do it the free way if you use Skype.
Our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio, you can just give us a call there, download
the program.
More information on OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Click on interact with us.
Hey, I thought of another idea.
What's that?
Ad campaign.
Going back to that.
Okay.
A giant crab comes out clutching a PlayStation 3.
I would laugh at that, that would be awesome.
And the slogan is, buy a PS3, get crabs.
I think if Sony could laugh at themselves like that, they'd earn a lot of respect back
in this community.
If they could point and laugh at themselves like that, parade that guy back out there
who said that giant enemy crab thing the first time, make a big joke of it.
You know what, I think the gaming culture would kind of laugh at that and forgive them
a little bit.
Rob, give the number out again, please.
Yes, 1-877-GAME-OLR, or OrangeLoungeRadio on Skype.
You're welcome, chat room.
All right.
So hey, my turn, right?
Sure, yes, now you can go.
Okay.
Well, speaking of the PlayStation 3, buy our crabs, they put out the 1.31 update, which
adds support for Final Fantasy XI for all you weird addicts.
The update on the US page does not state what is involved in it, but however the Japanese
site does, and based on a rudimentary translation, it's the installation of the hard disk PlayStation
2, so basically the hard drive attachment is going to be compatible.
So that means you get Nobunaga's Ambition online on Final Fantasy XI.
Now they're saying that it's not quite working on the Japanese site for the PlayStation 2
system data, but the speculation is that you may need to actually have the games it goes
with to do the download.
So that's kind of neat that all you'll have to do is download some stuff to your hard
drive and it'll work?
That's the theory.
So maybe I can play my BeatMania.
My question would be, though, would you really want to play this game on the PlayStation
3, because I don't know if you guys have seen this video on Dig this week, it hit Dig and
it was all over the internet, but some guy actually made a side-by-side comparison of
playing Final Fantasy X on the PlayStation 2 and on the PlayStation 3, and honestly,
it looks like absolute horseshit on the PlayStation 3.
And they show you what the PS3 one looks like, I'm playing it in the studio here.
You can see the PS3 is on one side of the screen and the PS2 is on the other side of
the screen.
Let me go to a section here that has a face, and you can really tell the difference.
You can see how the PS3 one is kind of faded out, it looks a little washed, and you can
see, especially when they get into the shots, see, look at the shots of Yuna's face here.
You can see all these jaggedies there, you can see all this stuff.
The one thing in defense of the PlayStation 3 side is the colors seem a bit more normalized,
not overcontrasted.
Right.
So, anyway, what basically is going on here is that they're saying this could be really
fixed with just a simple firmware update, honestly, that's all they really had to do
to get rid of the jaggedies and the artifacts that are there, but nothing yet.
I guess it was one of those things that was overlooked to get the system out on time.
Well, I do think, I'd have to see other games to compare it, honestly, but I do like, some
of the backgrounds looked more washed out, but I think for skin tones, it was clearer,
the skin tones were more realistic and accurate.
Interesting.
That's what forgiving the most of the internet was.
Well, then again, I'm taking it from an artist's point of view, there are more jaggedies.
Well, let's also, you know, it's YouTube, it's not going to be the best quality, but
look, you got a PS3, you should go home and try for yourself and let us know.
You want to borrow my Final Fantasy X?
I have Final Fantasy X!
I just went checking.
God, Rob, no, but no, seriously though, you know, actually that would be good because
if I, all I have to do is switch my channels, you know, we actually did that, Dan and I
did that a long time ago, with our Saturn and the Playstation for Castlevania Symphony
of the Night.
Interesting.
It turned out that the Saturn version had better sound, and the 2D effects were better,
but the Playstation had better 3D, so that was our comparison.
I could do that again, try it with other games.
That might be kind of fun.
Yeah, I'd have to find duplicates of some of the games, but I could do that.
Oops, sorry, I keep playing the video there in the background, I was trying to get the
link there for chat because they do this little, like, unnecessary intro to the thing on YouTube,
but whatever.
Anyway, there, oh, dammit, I reposted the hamster thing in chat.
Son of a bitch.
Hamsters?
Go hamster!
Damn it, YouTube, let me make sure that copied.
This is great radio, boys and girls, what can we say, we are taping live and this is
what happens.
There was a ton of time, there was a final fan in the game.
Ah, shut up.
What?
No.
Let's try that again.
There it is, there's the link the chat room's been begging for.
Oh, god.
Alright.
Please, let's move on.
Hey, ShadowCharlie has also pointed out that you can play as Maria in the Saturn version,
but you can also play as Richter and he's not an easy kill in that one.
And, Dan just unlocked Richter and Maria mode in, um, Portrait of Ruin.
Really?
And it's, like, TurboGrafx Maria.
Huh.
It's pretty cool.
I'll say that.
I'll say that.
Anyways.
Um, so, you know, it's awesome that you get to play as, um, or play Final Fantasy XI on
your Playstation 3.
Unfortunately, you can't do that if you're in the UK because it's not out yet.
And the speculation is, it might not be out for quite a while.
And there might actually be a delay on the March, um, date.
And they're saying that it's possibly delayed to May, if not September.
Um, according to, uh, let's see, Computer and Video Games, that website.
Um, so, what did Sony have to say about this?
Well, actually, um, Sony's Computer Entertainment Europe, David Reeves, he said, uh, well, we're
still on schedule with the launch, um, for the Playstation 3 in March, throughout the
PAL territories, and all speculation otherwise is without foundation.
Um, it should be noted, though, this is the same guy that was saying, um, that they're
on track for releasing, actually, in 2006, Spring, um, he says that they were on track
at that time.
I'm basically also saying that, um, I don't know, but it's pretty funny, though, uh, you
know, this guy is basically just giving people the assumption that the thing was coming out
in Spring of 2006, and then when it passed that date, they saw, oh, by the way, it's
not coming out at that time, so who knows if it's coming out in March, and by the, looking
at how many units they're producing, supposedly they're done with the bottleneck with the
Blu-ray, um, diodes, but if that's not the case, it might not be coming out.
I don't see why the UK won't be getting us on time, I'm sorry, but this guy's word isn't
enough for me.
Sorry.
My, my thing would be, is they're gonna get it in March, but it's definitely not gonna
be as major.
It's gonna be like our launch.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Have fun, our friends over the UK who are gonna be waiting for this system.
Alright, one thing I know you guys look forward to every week is DarkSakura's website of the
week, because she surfs the internet up and down, and up, up, down, down, left, right,
left, right, all over the internet, to, uh, whatever, to find a website just for you,
it's her website of the week, and here it is, boys and girls, DarkSakura, take it away.
My website of the week is a fun one, actually, it's earthcam.com, because I love looking
at different webcams all over the world, and, no seriously, you can look at, you know, London,
Moscow, Japan, you know, anywhere, it's basically different, um, webcams in different locations
across the world.
That's kinda cool.
I think it's really cool.
Yeah, I'm gonna, I'm gonna check that out, because one thing I've been playing with a
lot this week is Google Earth, which is one of my favorite programs ever, it lets you
look at satellite photography and zoom in and out, anywhere in the world, anywhere.
One of the ones I'm looking at right now is in Meppen, Germany, um, that's of an ice skating
rink.
I think that's very cool, but it's just basically linked to different international webcams.
There's actually a webcam, I hope that they've got it back up, but it was in, uh, New Orleans
in the French Quarter, they used to have a cam outside one of the, uh, the bars.
You know what's funny?
My friend was on that cam once and sent a picture from it, this was years ago, before
you know all the disaster.
Yeah.
Isn't that funny?
And, um, but some of the other places listed here, there's one, um, in, um, Erfurt, Germany,
and, um, a few in Russia, one in Weatherford, Texas, uh, Peak District, England, Jerusalem,
Miami.
It's really cool.
I think it's very neat, and it's sort of, you know, I don't think there's any in any
bathrooms.
No, no locker room webcams, Chris, sorry.
But, but I think it's a very, a very good idea, another way to, to bring us, you know,
sort of closer.
Uh, GS68 in our chatroom says, we need an OLR webcam, and I'll tell you guys, uh, it
actually looks like it probably will happen if you're all good boys and girls for Christmas.
Uh, there will be a cam coming back to the show in 2007, that's all I can say for now.
I'll be doing the Dance of the Seven Veils in the background.
Jamie doesn't like to be it.
As in sitting in a chair.
Jamie doesn't like to be seen.
But we're trying to, the problem is, the studio we're in now is a lot smaller than any place
we were before.
There's a lot less people and weird stuff going on.
When I say studio, I mean spare bedroom, as opposed to the living room at Loki and I's
old apartment.
Now we're in a spare bedroom.
So it's, um, kind of tough for us to situate a webcam here where you can actually see everything.
But I'm thinking I know a good place where you can put a cam where you can see most of
the action.
So we'll see.
You have a beautiful self.
When, when you show up, which you need to show up more often, miss, miss things.
I'm coming up from the South Bay, I come up as often as I can.
All right.
We appreciate it.
All right.
Thank you, boys and girls, Stark Sakura.
Give it up.
All right.
Let's go to some more news.
It's kind of in other types of game news, not about games themselves, but an interesting
program going on in Oakland, the SF Gate newspaper, or, I'm sorry, is this a newspaper or just
a website?
Or, I believe it's like an alternative press style thing.
The SF Gate is mentioning that you can go to Fruitvale Elementary School in Oakland,
where the war against improper toys drive is going on.
What is happening is that they will, what you can do, you can take your replica shotguns,
rifles, pistols, whatever, and you can trade them in for books and family friendly toys.
Now how this plays out is that you can also take your violent video games.
You want to get rid of, you know, Gears of War.
You want to get rid of, you know, any of those, you know, shoot them up to style games.
You can actually trade this in as well.
What's that?
What about my Jeff Striker action figure?
I dare you to take it to the school and find out.
If you do, please tape it so we can YouTube it.
That's all I'm going to say.
That address, by the way, 3200 Boston Avenue in Oakland.
That's right by 580.
Are they going to send all these improper toys to the island of misfit toys by chance?
They need the island of misfit sex toys.
Not said what they're going to do with it.
Sorry.
They're going to burn it in effigy.
So, anyways, this is actually pretty interesting.
Speaking of games and stuff, improper, Capcom's revamping their multiplayer.
We actually ran a story, was it last week, where they were fixing the small text issues.
Well now they're kind of going off of some more of their user feedback and fixing the
multiplayer including some of the lobbies and matchmaking and stuff like that.
So I'm glad to see a company actually listening to the complaints and maybe suggestions from
their users so that in turn, you know, they create a better product.
So that's excellent.
Cannot wait.
It's going to be probably one of the only good 360 games coming out in January.
Has anybody ever heard of the GP32X, sorry, the GP2X?
Yes.
Okay.
Well basically this one is- Okay, no, I haven't.
What this is, it's a Linux-based handheld console.
It's for movies, games, music.
You can develop and run your own software, run MAME on it.
It's supposed to be pretty versatile, well it's actually getting its first major game.
It's getting a game called Payback, which is a crime caper game that was originally
on the Game Boy Advance in 2004.
It's a top-down action, 11 cities, 50 missions, updated 3D graphics, sound special effects,
custom jukebox mode so you can put your own soundtrack on it.
And it'll actually- Now again, this is for the UK.
It's going to be 22.99.
Think Grand Theft Auto 1 and 2, that type of game.
Huh.
Interesting.
I did not remember, I think this handheld was talked about on an earlier show but I
kind of forgot about it.
Well it's interesting they have a Linux handheld because it's funny because they try to put
Linux on all the other handhelds.
And the toaster.
So it's kind of humorous to me to hear about a Linux handheld.
I don't know why.
I think it's a good idea.
I'd actually love to get my hands on that.
Yeah, I mean I would like to see the presence of this increase.
Well if anyone wants to see the website on this game, go to gp2x.co.uk slash payback.html.
It's got a movie file up on there, a bit more about the game, it has some stuff on the system.
Yeah, actually I remember seeing the system at E3 a couple years back.
This is pretty cool.
Linux is the- Their logo is like a penguin, right?
Yes.
I saw that on someone's license plate.
Like it was actually part of the license plate.
There's some hardcore nerds out there.
We have a neighbor here that has a license plate that says Z-O-M-G hack.
And I want to know who that is.
We live in this huge complex and there's some guy with a license plate there and I'm always
like, wow, it's another nerd.
Someone had that said noob on it.
That was pretty funny.
That's cool.
Just to give a little bit more about the system, by the way, it has a 200 megahertz CPU, 64
megahertz RAM, custom graphics hardware decoding chips, takes SD cards, has 64 megahertz of
a NAND memory.
It basically, you don't have to re-encode any of your movies that you put on it.
It'll play anything directly like on the computer.
Price on it is 124 pounds 99, so.
And a partridge in a pear tree.
I want one.
I have everything else.
Why don't I have one of these?
You should go get one.
Ask Santa.
Maybe he'll bring you one.
Dear UK friends, send me one for Christmas.
I love you forever.
eBay, the gamer's shopping place.
Yeah, eBay, seriously.
Anyways, so last week we talked a little bit about Interlink's lawsuit with Nintendo over
the Wii remote and basically saying that it's infringing on their patents for a trigger-operated
electronic device.
What's interesting, though, is that we've kind of figured that the whole lawsuit was
about the fact that it's like a Wii-mote type thing, something motion-sensitive, but it's
actually just for the stupid trigger on the bottom of the Wii-mote, which I don't know
about you, but I think there's been remotes with triggers on the bottom of them way before
this whole patent thing came to play, so it's going to be interesting to see how that actually
plays out in court.
Doesn't technically the Xbox 360 controller have a trigger on the bottom of it?
It does have a trigger on the bottom of it, and what about the Nintendo 64 controller
has a trigger on the bottom of it, and the PlayStation 2 has a trigger on the actual
controller?
I don't think they're going to get very far with this, to be honest, but they're going
to try.
Well, we will see, and we'll follow up in a future episode, and that would bring to
a close this part of Orange Launch Radio.
It's been a long week, but it's been busy, busy news week, lots of news, and there's
plenty more to come in Part B. We haven't even gotten really, we've only scratched the
surface on the whole Wii strap fiasco.
We've barely had any Nintendo news this segment.
We've got a ton of it coming up next in Orange Launch Radio Part B, so please stay tuned.
We'll see you back here for Part B.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
