Porridge Lounge Radio
We're the hosts, Bart Sakura, Sky, and Moto.
Tonight, December 10th, 2006.
Microsoft gets sued over brick 360s, the old Apple entering the console market rumor resurfaces,
and is the Playstation 3 harming the acceptance of Blu-ray?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that video game program dedicated to video games, gamer culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts and unfortunately not joining us this week is Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
But we do have the ferret to speak for her in her plays.
She's actually in L.A. this week. She's spinning around on the teacups back at Disneyland.
I know, again? She's at Disneyland again?
Well, she's there with Chris and oh well.
She's not here this week.
She was going to call in with a special report, but I guess she got too dizzy because I didn't see anything on the Skype line.
So, maybe she'll bug us later. I don't know.
But in the meantime, the one and only Loki is joining us here tonight.
Yes, I am.
Alright, how you doing?
I'm doing okay.
Alright. It's kind of weird because we haven't been live in a while.
Like, since before Thanksgiving.
You know, we missed that show Thanksgiving week and then we were pre-taped last week.
And now, this week, it doesn't feel like a full thing because it's just you and me and there's no Dark Sakura.
There's no special guests yet, although supposedly Miklotov's going to be here.
But, like, an hour before we went live, they were like,
Bye! We're going to go play DDR at the bowling alley. And I'm like, dude, I've been wanting to go check out the machine for like three weeks.
What machine?
There's supposedly a DDR Supernova at the bowling alley at Country Club.
At the Ultra Ghetto Club?
Oh, I hear Keys. They might be back now. I don't know. We'll see.
Well, in the meanwhile, while we figure out what's going on there, we'll start off the show how we always do it with a little bit of
How was your gaming week? Loki, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week is okay. I actually tried out Viva Pinata and I played it for about half an hour.
Until which the game decided I don't want to play it anymore.
Which is ironic because I really didn't want to play it anymore because, well, it froze up on me.
And the game itself was just very kind of boring.
I mean, I got really bored with it really quick, so I plan on selling it back since I didn't pay for it in the first place.
So, I don't know. Can't recommend it, but I guess if you stick with it long enough it might be fun.
I just found it very, very, very annoying.
So, whatever.
Played more Excite Truck because that's fun. Played more Wii Sports.
We've been doing more of the Wii Sports bowling.
And my friend who's, you know, used to be in a bowling league was kicking our ass.
So, whatever.
And then, I don't know, just waiting for Elibits this week and actually I'm going to probably try to pick up Far Cry Vengeance as well.
So, those would be fun.
And, you know, more Grand Theft Auto Vice City stories.
And, I don't know. That's pretty much it.
I know, was it, on Tuesday actually I'm going to be hooking up the Wii in our kind of giant theater at work that we have.
For a demonstration for all the sales staff.
And it's going to be kind of cool because we get to use my wireless sensor bar that I made.
So, I'm going to be playing the Wii on a giant screen.
I actually tried it out on Friday and it worked out pretty good.
So, looking forward to that.
But, in the meantime, just kind of kicking back and waiting for some better games to come out.
And, from the looks of things, it's going to be a little bit before some good stuff comes out.
I do have a real quick story though that's unrelated to games slightly.
Oh, sure. Why not?
We went go-kart racing today.
And I'm not talking about the crappy go-karts at Golf Land, but actual indoor go-kart tracks.
You know, the karts that go up to about 40 miles an hour and type stuff.
Is that that little place right up here?
I've always wanted to go there.
Yeah.
Other than the fact that it hurts the hell out of my hands driving those things because there's no power steering on them, of course.
I was able to successfully drift at 40 miles an hour thanks to video games because of how I learned to drift in Ridge Racer.
The same logic applies and I was able to drift around corners pretty quick.
And that's pretty awesome.
So, you can learn something from games.
What was the reason that you decided to go to RPM today?
My dad's birthday. We took him down there.
What made him decide to do RPM of all places?
He likes race cars.
He likes to drag cars and everything.
So, we thought it would be fun to go down there because I've never been down there.
My sister asked. She actually goes down there quite a bit. She has a membership and stuff.
So, I got a membership.
It's kind of cool though because you have to suit up and like the whole jumpsuit and the helmet and everything.
And there's people there that they have memberships.
They buy their own helmets.
They have their own jumpsuits, their own racing gloves.
And it's just crazy.
But it's pretty fun.
They time your laps and everything.
And you're basically racing against the clock.
It sucks that the second car I got, because it's kind of like QZAR in a sense,
the second car I got really sucked and the tires were all fucked up on it.
So, it wouldn't grip it.
I kept spinning it out and hitting the wall.
And I don't know. It was fun though.
Can you imagine what Loki must be like at one of these places?
Yes, that's right. The music's starting.
And it's like, oh, it's like initial D.
D! Ready, set, go!
Everything I need to know here I learned from initial D!
Mega Drift!
Damn, I left my little stupid Sega card at home. What am I going to do?
It was fun though. I mean, really, we should go do it.
Like this show.
I think it would be fun. I think that's something we should put on YouTube.
We could too, because you could film it.
Only if we get loaded before we go.
Don't drink and drive, kids. We're only kidding.
But I thought I'd mention that though.
Oh, and I played a bit of Motorstorm at Kiosk at Best Buy.
And I like it. I think it's kind of cool.
But it's a lot slower though than Excite Truck.
To be honest, I really wish that EA would do a Burnout off-road series.
You know what Motorstorm did for me?
Oh, this game sucks!
That was Motorstorm.
That's it. I played it at Target.
Hi, Miklotov! You decided to join us after all.
Yeah, we just got back from the bowling alley. How's my mic?
I think you're okay. I might have to turn you up a little bit.
But how are you doing?
I'm tired now.
So you guys want to go play the new DDR without me?
Yeah.
Well, not the new, new DDR.
The newest DDR.
The newest DDR to us in Sacramento. How was it?
Oh, I didn't realize how stupid I am when I make steps sometimes.
Oh, that's right, because you do steps for the game.
Yeah, and we had to redo some steps a while ago for the UltraMix 1 songs.
Like, I played Gorgeous 2012 on doubles and I played heavy.
I don't know if many people realize, but it has new heavy steps.
And so I was playing and I was like, oh, yeah, I remember making these. These are fun.
And then it got to utter crap. I was like, what was I thinking?
And then I just gave up and died.
Was there a large crowd there playing DDR?
If me and Irene are a large crowd, then yeah, there was a very large crowd.
All right, I'm trying to fix your mic here. How else was your gaming week?
I played more Elite Beat Agents, trying to S everything on hard rock.
Wow, I can hear myself.
You're supposed to be able to.
OK, yeah, I played Elite Beat Agents.
I started playing Zelda again, and the fourth dungeon boss is the best boss fight I've ever played in my life.
It was so cool.
And I don't think I did anything else besides that.
So it's just been Zelda all week long?
No, because I don't play video games anymore.
I hope you've been playing PSP and DS and all that stuff.
PSP? When did I say I played PSP?
Or DS. I'm fine, DS.
Elite Beat Agents.
That's it?
Yes.
It's my favorite game that I have on DS called Elite Beat Agents.
Say hello as well to someone else who's here.
Say hello to Rice Princess.
God, we haven't seen you in forever.
Yeah, it's been a while.
How was your gaming week? What have you been playing?
Nothing.
Elite Beat Agents.
You've got to get real close to the mic. These mics are not very sensitive.
What have you been playing?
Can you take a guess?
I can.
What is it, Jay?
It rhymes with ka-wow.
You'd be right.
It rhymes with World of BoarCraft.
Yeah, shut up.
That would be W.A.B.
Are you saying the World of BoarCraft?
Yes, you are World of BoarCraft.
What server are you on? What character class are you?
What are you doing in the W.A.B.?
I'm on Elder Thallus and I BVB.
All day long?
All day long.
Yeah, that's pretty much it.
All right.
Yep.
Well, have fun with your W.A.B.
I'll do that.
All right.
Chirp, chirp, chirp.
My gaming week, not a whole lot of new stuff.
I decided to go back and rediscover GameTap because I haven't been playing it a lot lately,
and so I decided to load that up, and they actually have some cool new stuff on there
because they have the Castlevania games and Contra games from the old school 8-bit NES
are on there, and Silent Hill 2 is on GameTap, which it looks very nice.
I was very surprised.
It looks better than it does on PS2 because it uses the advanced hardware on the computer
to give the smoother textures and things.
I was very, very pleased with that, and you can really control the resolution and everything,
so that was really cool.
And Civilization III.
For those who have listened to the show in the past, you guys know I love Civilization.
It's my favorite PC game of all time.
Yet, Civilization II was such a shock to me that I just wrote off the series altogether.
I had played Colonization, which was kind of cool, but I wrote off the series with Civilization II
because I'm like, this is too much.
So I never did play Civ III or Civ IV.
I never spent the money on it, but I went back and played Civ III, and it's not bad.
I like it a little more than Civ II.
It seems to be a little bit truer to the original than Civ II was, so I'm kind of liking it.
I'm going to go play it some more.
Good times.
Maybe I'll have to play some OLR listeners, because it's multiple.
Although, I don't even know anyone else with GameTap besides our webmaster, VX JasonXV.
I'm still waiting for Myst Online to come out on there.
I have not played the Sam & Max game yet, though.
I will at some point.
Definitely play that.
Otherwise, I decided, based on a new forum we have in our Orange Launch Radio forums,
there's a PC gaming forum, and somebody had posted a thread about what freeware games
have you been playing.
And I think Dartetsuya made a post that reminded me that there's a freeware game called Every
Extend, which the PSP game Every Extend Extra is based off of.
So I decided, well, I played the Every Extend Extra demo, and I really sucked at it, so
I wanted to see if maybe I could try and pick up the game again.
So I downloaded Every Extend, and it's actually pretty fun.
It was a lot of fun, so much so that I decided to spend the $20 and get Every Extend Extra
on the PSP.
So I'll know more about that game next week when I've actually played it some more.
You found it today?
Yes, it was actually easy to find.
GameStop has it cut down to $20.
Too bad GameStop is evil, but wow.
Well, you know, I'll get it wherever I can get it, because I use their online search
for the store to shut up.
Also, I got a present.
Loki got me a Christmas present.
Can I play it right now?
I got Final Fantasy III on the DS.
No, you may not.
Please?
No, you may not.
Well, I'm going to punch you in the face.
Then I will play it.
Only I get to de-virginize my cartridge.
You know that feeling, like when you buy a new game, you don't want someone else to
crap out your-
Have sex with it first?
Or someone else to crap up your game with their save file, right?
It's like, you want to be the first one to turn it on, see the opening cinema, all
that stuff.
You don't want someone else to skank it up.
So, I don't want you to dirty up my game.
So, maybe next time you're here.
That's in forever from now.
It's not my fault you're going away for Christmas.
I think it is.
So, I'll know more about Final Fantasy III next week, because I just got it like 10 minutes
ago from Loki.
You rock, Loki.
Thank you so much.
You know what else I got for Christmas from Extrofer?
I got my Christmas present from Extrofer today.
I was there.
No, I did not get an STD reference.
I got a Hello Kitty toaster.
I'm so excited.
I can't wait.
I need bread.
I need bread.
I'm having my Christmas present.
What?
That'll be my Christmas present.
Awesome.
When you got it, did you make a high-pitched squealing noise?
I did.
I thought I heard you from the bathroom.
Hopefully, that was me and not something, you know, some bathroom noise.
What?
Anyway, no, nothing.
I guess that's it for my gaming week.
I don't really have anything else to share.
So, anyway, let's go to a little bit of housekeeping.
And I mentioned that there were some new forums on our website at orangesontradiocom, and
you should definitely go check those out.
There's a new PC gaming forum available on orangesontradiocom, and every weeknight show
has their own forum now.
So if you're a Pump Up the Volume fan, she's got a whole forum there, Dark Sakura.
And if you like guys on a show, there's a forum for that.
STFU on Thursdays, Travis Donovan on Saturdays, and something on Fridays.
And then also we're in the process of revamping our news blog.
So take a look for that this coming week.
Let's get into some gaming news now.
We'll start it off with a little news about the Xbox 360.
But this is the type of news that Microsoft is not going to be happy to hear.
One of the Xbox Live users who goes by the name of Redrum6622, Redrum, Redrum, I love
the shining, claims he's filed a class action lawsuit against Microsoft because of some
problems he had after their recent fall system update.
This was posted on the official Xbox forum, so you can kind of take this with a grain
of salt because it's an official Xbox forum post and those can be a little crazy.
He basically said he filed this class action lawsuit, plaintiff versus Microsoft Corporation,
a Washington Corporation, blah, blah, blah.
And then their summary of claims, blah, blah, blah, legal mumbo jumbo one.
This is a class action against Microsoft and its affiliates for breach of contract, violation
of the Washington Consumer Protection Act, and alternatively negligence.
Plaintiff brings this action on behalf of himself and all other persons who experienced
hardware problems with their Microsoft 360 gaming consoles following installation of
Microsoft's fall 2006 update for the Xbox 360.
The parties, plaintiff, name blocked, is an individual resident of California.
Plaintiff is the original purchaser and current owner of an Xbox 360 gaming console.
Plaintiff brings this action individually and as a class action under Rule 23 of the
Federal Rules of Civil Procedure on behalf of the class specified herein, blah, blah,
blah, blah, ipso facto, et cetera, et cetera.
What do you think, Logy?
But he's saying that it's in violation of Washington law, yet he's a California resident.
Supposedly, that's what it is, yeah.
Okay, and the other fact that the fall update only affected, the glitch in the fall update,
I guess, only affected less than 1% of the 360s out there.
You have to admit that's still a lot, though.
Okay, that's true, to which any of them that were affected by that were immediately fixed
and replaced, you know, if you called the 1-800 number.
So it's not like they're saying, fuck you, you're just out of 360.
They're doing, you know, their part to fix it.
So this is just some dumbass Californian who's trying to get more money from them.
Pooh-fucking-hoo, your damn 360 broke.
Send it in like everybody else and just get a new one.
God, is it really that big a deal?
ShadowNextGen in our chat room, which, by the way, hi, chat room, chat.orangelauntrader.com
if you want to join.
ShadowNextGen said, do just once attention.
Is that what's going on?
He does once attention.
Well, now you have his gamertag, so fucking send him hate mail.
There you go.
OL Army Alex says, I can't prove my 360 having died, though my useless posts in the forums
and having called MS support twice count.
In other words, like how are you going to prove that your 360 was bricked?
I don't know.
I guess that's an interesting idea.
Let's see.
There was another comment here.
Oh, Jumpman said, my 360 died.
Microsoft gave me a new one and all is right with the world.
See?
Is it that hard?
I mean, they're aware of the problem and they were fixing them.
So, what more do you want them to do?
Fucking give you a blowjob or something?
I mean, seriously, just this guy...
You're a little bit feisty tonight.
He needs to...
Go ahead with your class action lawsuit.
Who leveled your feathers before the show tonight?
No, no, no.
Go ahead with your class action lawsuit.
Just because you have a lawsuit doesn't mean you're going to win.
I hope you waste all the money in the world and I hope your 360 doesn't work afterwards.
So, fuck you.
Macman in our chat says it's about time someone sued Microsoft.
Rise, my iMac.
Rise from your grave.
Get it?
Altered Beast reference?
Get it?
Altered Beast.
That's a good game.
I know.
Altered Beast.
I said I won't buy it on Virtual Console.
Not for eight bucks.
Not when it's not the arcade version.
Anyways, so, more craziness, 360 related, of course, this week.
On Monday, during Monday Night Football, the first kind of teaser trailer for Halo 3 was
aired on TV in the course.
Everybody and their brother basically took this and decided, hey, you know what, be fun.
Let's change the music on it, just like we did with the Mad World ad for Heroes of War.
You know, I thought it was a pretty cool trailer.
I mean, I like it.
It's just like it has the same impact as the first one, I think.
The first teaser during E3.
I'm really psyched for the game.
Hopefully, we'll hear something from the beta, you know, despite the fact that there's
probably going to be, you know, tight lipped.
I swear I could not sign up for the beta.
I tried like 50 times and I couldn't get in on it.
Stupid sight.
It was funny because they had the link up for the beta before the beta thing even launched,
so I signed up then.
Yeah, so did I.
I didn't have to worry about the feature.
Well, la di da di, you both.
But, some of us have to actually work at work and can't refresh constantly.
This is not me on the site.
I didn't hit refresh constantly.
I read it in a blog and then I went and signed up.
I also signed up for Shadowrun, so hopefully I get in on one of those.
Because, to be honest, the last one I played was Test Drive Unlimited and, you know,
just the PlayStation 2 version is not as good as the 360 one.
But, yeah, Halo 3 looks cool.
I mean, we know it's going to be pretty good.
So, just have to wait until they tease us with more shit.
Of course, many folks in our chat room are talking about how they signed up for the beta.
Jeremy Todd 1 says, I signed up for the beta, but still, there's like.9% of actually getting
into the beta.
Too many Halo fanboys.
But, here's the thing, though.
There's going to be more ways to get into the beta as the weeks go along.
This is straight from my EA rep because we were like, once we saw that the beta...
The fuck does EA know about Halo, though?
Not EA.
I'm sorry.
Microsoft.
My Microsoft rep.
Good job.
Good job, Loki.
Sorry.
Whatever.
He's human, folks.
I was looking at something that said EA and, you know, it's a slip.
Anyways, yeah, my Microsoft rep because we were like, hey, how can you get us into this
beta?
Come on.
Pull some strings.
And, he's like, no.
I want to play some pimps at sea, as it was called when folks were spotting them on Xbox
Live this week, testing Halo 3.
You really think we're going to have to wait all the way to next Thanksgiving for this
game?
I mean, jeez, they're advertising it like it's coming out tomorrow, it seems like, with
all this hype.
I don't think we'll have to wait, and to be honest, I really...
They're pretty much, you know, if they're going in the beta, I mean, the game's almost
done then.
I mean, they wouldn't be going in the beta if it was, you know, being put out in November.
I mean, that's a perfect example right there.
The beta test is in the spring because it's a beta test.
It means the game's right about to come out.
So, you know, I think it's definitely going to be hitting the, probably the stores around
the end of March.
Oh, I see.
Mid-March.
There's going to be some interesting stuff, though, because this, you know, beta sign-up
was mainly for the US and North America type stuff.
However, if you're in the UK, there's going to be a few ways you can get signed up, and
there's actually quite a list of websites, depending on which country you're in, that
you can sign up.
They have limited slots for the beta available.
Such sites, for example, the UK Rewired Mine, 360 Monster, BritXBox, msxboxworld.com, totally360.com,
and of course, Germany's got a bunch of different sites, well, PlanetXBox, et cetera.
So, you know, definitely take a look out there.
There's tons of links.
I know IGN ran a story with some of this stuff.
So, if you're looking to get signed up and you don't live in the United States, then
definitely check these out, because they haven't finished their beta sign-ups yet.
You know, I suck at Halo, like I'm really, really bad at Halo, but I think the game is
presented just beautifully, and you know, I'm getting suckered into this marketing campaign
stuff a little bit.
My hype meter's going up a little bit.
I'm excited for this.
I've played Halo 2 maybe twice in my life.
When are you going to get Halo 3?
I'll get Halo 3.
Sucker.
Why?
It's a first-person shooter.
It looks fun.
It'll be fun.
I'm sure it'll be good.
It's a good multiplayer game.
It's like Call of Duty 3.
I've been playing Call of Duty 3, and that's okay.
I mean, there's a few things that...
I don't understand why they're making sequels, why they don't just improve on the original
one.
They always have to take content out, and it's really obvious stuff that should be in
there, like I don't know, a radar or something when the gunfire is going off.
You can see where the person is on the map, flash where they're at.
That was perfect for Call of Duty 2, so you had to be quiet, but now you can just fire
away and no one knows where the hell you are.
I don't know.
I haven't really played that series.
Couldn't tell you.
Couldn't tell you.
Well, you know, Loki messed up there and was talking about EA, but maybe it was a bit of
a slip because the next story is about EA, and that's right.
You know how EA is famous for putting out things on Marketplace that basically just
unlocks things you could get in the game anyway.
Well, Need for Speed Carbon has gotten their list on Xbox Live now of some various custom
car packages, an aftermarket hoods bundle and spoilers bundle and roof scoops and a
87 Toyota Corolla that you can now purchase for various amounts of points, and this is
just all crap that you can basically unlock in the game if you're patient, at least most
of this I believe.
I think some of the cars are exclusive to that.
I think maybe the 87 Corolla, but most of that other stuff you can get in the game if
you're just patient.
Exactly.
So, whatever.
Well, other news about EA, and this was kind of cool because I like Burnout.
Burnout's awesome.
They're doing a special Burnout game for the PS2 and PlayStation Portable, Burnout Dominator,
and from what I've gathered from the press release so far is it's going to be similar
to the Burnout Legends game on the PSP.
Kind of a culmination of the entire series so far, featuring all the tracks from one
all the way through three and probably also Burnout 4 or Revenge.
Looks cool, kind of a good way to end the series on the PlayStation 2.
Maybe there might be another PSP version, assuming this one does okay.
But Burnout 5 is going to be coming out on PlayStation 3 and the 360, so that will be
kind of fun to look forward to.
Hopefully they have one for the Wii because that would be kind of cool too.
Burnout on the Wii?
I don't know.
They have Excite Truck on the Wii.
Yeah, I guess.
I don't know.
It would be a little weird.
I actually, one game, I don't think I mentioned this during my gaming week, but I have been
playing Burnout on the 360 quite a bit this week for no particular reason.
I just wanted to play more Burnout and have custom soundtracks and all that fun stuff.
And I also really suck at Burnout, so I don't just suck at Halo, I suck at Burnout too.
Good times.
I will definitely check out the next Burnout on 360 though.
It will be fun.
Something else I might have to check out at some point, there's a new magazine that is
being made.
It's called, get this, Wii 60 Magazine.
Somebody took this whole concept about getting a Wii and getting a 360 and they have decided
to run with it and they're creating a magazine called Wii 60.
It's being called an underground movement birthed by the most noble of players during
the E3 2006 conference.
They're calling it the unadulterated voice of truth in this generation of gaming.
These men of valor are some of the most important people in the video game industry and their
voice must be heard not just from coast to coast but from pole to pole.
What the, who writes this crap?
Probably the same people that are going to be writing this magazine and to be honest
it's probably going to suck.
These people really love themselves.
Well anyway you can check out www.Wii60.com to get more information on the magazine if
you are curious about this and want to check it out.
Now what's interesting is that there is a Wii60.com but the link here leads to Wii60.tv
so I'm not sure what that's all about.
Maybe there's two sites.
Not sure.
Maybe you should type it in and look.
I'm looking.
I'm looking.
No it looks like Wii60.tv looks like the real site.
Oh get this.
The publisher's name is Martin Lokey Alessi and his email address is lokey at Wii60.tv.
Here's another magazine that will be stealing from you Lokey.
Blaze in our chat room says, hi I write for the magazine Wii60 and I fucking rule heart.
James Patrick calls this the hate on Sony magazine.
Those comments from me come from our chat room chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
Anyways speaking of the Wii, Sony and Microsoft may have a Wii dilemma.
Haha I get it.
If you know basically this what Jack Uldrich from Motley Fool if what he says is correct.
Basically it makes sense.
This is kind of what they're targeting towards.
Since the Wii is kind of aiming at that you know casual gamer, non-gamer, people that
haven't picked up a video game system yet market, they may be able to actually grow
the games market and basically instead of just trying to target the same people that
have you know say a Playstation 2 or Xbox or GameCube, they can actually get a bunch
of new gamers with the Wii and if that's the case, the 360 and the Playstation 3 might
not be able to have the same poll with their systems because they're kind of too I guess
hardcore and probably more expensive which case they could actually end up you know coming
ahead of everybody else because that was also the same thing before during E3 where the
Wii was going to be everyone's second system.
Well if it's everyone's second system then of course it's going to be the system that's
sold the most.
I don't know.
I think it's interesting.
It makes sense.
Uldrich is basically quoted as saying unfortunately because most of the time and energy for the
past year has been focused on providing more horsepower and fancier graphics for existing
customers the hardcore gamers demand the upgrades found in the Playstation 3.
Sony has not busied themselves in developing products that appeal to non-gamers.
As a result, it appears that they are now behind the curve in development of simpler
to use and less expensive technologies like the Wii and it makes sense.
I mean the Playstation 3 is that's a lot of money to drop on a system that you might not
be sure you know about and whereas the Wii I think it's pretty much pick up and go type
of thing especially since it comes with its own new game already.
Hmm.
Interesting I mean so you kind of agree with what's going on here with this story?
I think so but then again the 360 I think you know with Sony though I don't rule out
that they're not going to try to copy more stuff that the Wii is doing.
I mean I think there is already some patents registered for more devices like the Wiimote.
I wouldn't be surprised if they try to copy everything that you know the Wii is doing.
Even if they did copy it though do you think it would work?
I don't think so because even still so you already have some games that appeal to a casual
gamer.
Well a casual gamer is not going to drop $600 for your system.
That's true.
Also I kind of think about you know I don't know I think about the Wii and I think about
all those real big brand names that Nintendo has and big franchises like Metroid and Smash
Brothers and Mario and Zelda and you know you get my point but then on Sony I think
about franchises and I don't know they don't have that same I can't picture them in that
well there's not a lot of franchises in Sony that Sony really owns I mean they're all third
party franchises really.
That's the thing is when you think about Nintendo you think okay Mario, Zelda, and you know
Metroid when you think about Microsoft and 360 you think Halo and well that's pretty
much it Halo but still when you think of Sony you kind of have trouble thinking of an actual
franchise you know that's exclusive to them maybe you know Gran Turismo and God of War
but they don't really have any like mascots or any you know games that really people buy
the system for.
I mean I guess in the middle of your solid four but I mean the air talking now that's
going to be on both systems so really they're just Final Fantasy 13 question mark?
You know if let me put it this way if Final Fantasy 13 for the Playstation 3 okay if it
ends up that the Xbox 360 is sold tens of millions more systems than say the Playstation
3 at the time the game is coming out I will bet you anything that they will be putting
out on the Xbox 360 as well as the Playstation 3 if not only on the Xbox 360.
Footy Monster in our chat room responded to something I said earlier saying Sky but on
the other hand Nintendo has no third party so far.
Well yes and no I mean the third party they don't have any like really huge third party
franchises the way that maybe some of the other consoles do but third parties do seem
to be sort of rallying around the Wii a little bit I mean they want to put out some of their
franchises on there like and it has gotten support at least at their launch I mean Red
Steel was a big title even though it was a critical hit and miss.
Trauma Center was a great game even though it wasn't really widely picked up on but it
was a little more critically aware so Elibits is looking to be a big title that's made by
Konami so you know I think some of the mistakes made with GameCube in regards to third party
are definitely already on their way to being remedied with the Wii.
The more Wii's that get out there the more third parties that will want to develop for
it.
And here's the other thing too I mean Squaresoft I mean I know that they're really dedicated
to Sony but I mean at some point they're going to have to understand okay this system you
know let's say a year from now when Final Fantasy 13 is coming out say that they're
not able to sell as many systems as they would have liked for the PlayStation 3 so they're
behind by say 10 million systems.
Why would I develop for a system that has less units out there less of a chance for
me to make my money back when there's a system that's cheaper to develop for and has a lot
more systems out there and is capable of doing comparable graphics?
I don't understand why that would be pure idiocy to just develop for the one system
that's why you have companies like you know Koei developing Fatal Inertia and their Blade
Storm game for both systems now because to be honest they're not going to make their
money back if they just put it out on the PlayStation 3 and that's a big problem for
Sony.
They've got to figure out how to get these systems sold first off getting the systems
out there and give people a reason to buy this system because right now it's just seeing
that it has a blu-ray player well you know what a lot of people say who gives a shit
about blu-ray player I don't care right now because I'm not going to go replace my entire
DVD library.
Interesting thoughts if you agree or disagree send us an email because we'll get to the
emails a little later in the program mailbag at orangesloungeradio.com meanwhile we got
to keep going through the news and speaking of Nintendo Wii very interesting I don't know
if this would be news or rumor the thing is that it's coming from a foreign website and
not to discount what foreign websites might be saying but you know we kind of get a little
bit until we see like a you know press release from Nintendo of America we're not really
sure what to think of this but according to this website cyamite.de they were reporting
that you're going to be able to download Wii game demos you can either store the demos
in your flash ram on the console or to an external SD card now what's kind of interesting
about this is that well the Wii doesn't have exactly that much internal memory I mean it's
got what about 512 megs yep and by the time you start downloading all this other stuff
that Nintendo's planning to put out like the internet channel you know things of that nature
that stuff's going to start to fill up especially with some of the other big virtual console
releases so you know where are these demos going to go I guess there's the SD card but
still it seems a little not quite I don't know well one thing to keep reading and they're
saying that there's support for USB hard drives and USB devices coming but you have to have
the latest update to be able to store stuff to it the only thing is though is this update
I think people are talking about isn't out yet and from what the rumors I've been reading
are that an update with the internet channel is going to support USB hard drives as well
if that's the case then they can store them to that and I'm sure you'll see a Nintendo
hard drive of some sort that'll plug in via the USB ports on there I don't know that looks
sounds like a little after the fact I mean I really wish they would have put more storage
in the system but that's a little bit disappointing I would have thought they would have put more
storage inside the actual system itself but I mean I guess you know they want to keep
it cheap so it makes sense okay that's fine if you want to keep it cheap fine build a
port for a hard drive then well it's not what the SD card slots for really cuz you can fit
quite a bit on those little cards I mean and they were good enough to that you can put
any SD card in there in fact you know most people are saying screw these official Nintendo
SD cards I'm gonna go buy I'm gonna go buy the cheaper ones and use those I've been using
the card for my camera phone to send pictures if I was digging through the my phone the
other day and I saw a picture of you at E3 outpost it's really funny cuz you're like
leaning over the couch and going rawr but you can see Bobby Blackwolf in the background
like doing some busy work so I send it to Bobby and I drew like a big arrow in the in
the paint channel I put who dat or something like that so I've been having fun with the
camera phone converter thing SD card and I put I put Zelda on it just for fun even though
I know I can't play it on other Wii's just for fun I'm gonna say I got Zelda in my pocket
cuz I'm lame like that anyways so there is another story that came out very vague this
week was coming from a magazine called games TM and oh wait I gotta say that this is a
very good point James Patrick is saying 360 has no hard drive in its core bundle true
that's a good point but they had a port for one though true okay you got that and it does
have some internal memory but not that you can save games on really it's just for you
know updates and things like that yeah anyways so yeah there is a very vague comment from
the magazine says something big coming to Wii Virtual Console and how big is it well
it doesn't say what hell am I reporting is this news I know what what the fuck kind of
news there is something something big is on its way well you know better be some damn
you know Reggie fees amaze about to make a big duty that you can download on your virtual
console this Monday I want my fucking Nintendo games TurboGrafx-16 is great and all but uh
give me more Nintendo games you know what the hell where's my kid Icarus where's my
guardian legend where's my super Castlevania 4 which they have overseas where's my link
to the past which they have overseas damn you people where's my Super Mario Brothers
Super Mario World Mario Kart Mario Kart 64 damn you Reggie anyways well you know this
might be enough to sway you back into a like in the TurboGrafx-16 downloads there are some
rumors abounding that Alien Crush which was a pretty badass TurboGrafx-16 game and Dungeon
Explorer on their way to the Wii's Virtual Console now the story here is kind of vague
you're not sure if they mean it's coming out this week or that it's coming out in the future
so I'm thinking it means it's coming out soon so whether that means this week or the future
I mean we just did kind of get a big clump of TurboGrafx-16 games supposed to be every
Monday yeah but but do we have to be getting TurboGrafx and Genesis every Monday I mean
don't get me wrong there's some good games there but there's things I want more on the
NES and if somebody in chat was saying Gunstar Heroes is rumored for this Monday I imagine
the four games we're gonna get probably are just gonna be games that are available elsewhere
but who knows which ones I tried using my credit card to put more points on my Virtual
Console account and didn't work really mine works fine yeah mine it I guess their network
was having trouble or something but you know plenty of money on there definitely not broke
or anything so I don't know stupid stupid virtual console and of course now everybody
in the chat room is talking about I want I want I want I want I want let's see we've
got act deft I want my Super Mario RPG yeah monster once zombies ate my neighbors shadow
Charlie's okay with more Genesis as long as the streets of rage and shadow next-gen agrees
the mean link to the past on Virtual Console shadow next-gen also want Super Metroid on
VC hell yeah Dark Knight once pilot wings those are all good stuff property once Super
C that was a pretty cool game Super C I think is on game tap I think as well with the Contra
so you can always check it out there I I want the the Super Nintendo Contra though that
wasn't called Super C was it was something else Super Contra right I want that one that
was pretty cool because they had like the mode seven levels those are rad yeah anyways
so much like you know immersion did with the Sony PlayStation 2 dual shock controller another
company has claimed that they want to take Nintendo the court over the Wii remote because
they say they have a patent for it and very similar kind of lawsuit company called interlink
who has revealed that they have a device that's very similar to the Wii remote that they've
patented my guess they probably haven't created said device but you know they have a patent
for it anyways and basically you know going to try to get some money out of Nintendo you
know different companies same song it sounds like but gotta hate hate when these companies
do this stuff because they totally create patents for stuff that they don't imagine
on that they're not going to even use just the because they probably hear that some companies
make it something similar well what if this did legitimately already exist well it looks
like crap anyways it looks like it to be honest looking at this right now it it looks like
a TV remote it that's all it looks like it it looks like it has an infrared emitter inside
the actual device you know controller I guess and then there is a receiver that you know
would be an infrared receiver so if anything I would say that the people that created like
a TV remote would be able to sue over the Wii remote because I don't know this I think
there's enough different with the two devices that they probably won't well now it says
here that in the come I'm reading through the complaint here and this patent was filed
by the other company on February 1st 2005 long before anyone knew anything about the
Wii so true though okay so it was filed 2005 doesn't mean though that they weren't you
know that I'd want to see when the patent was filed for the Wii remote because apparently
the Wii has been in production for a long time I don't know oh I see it's it's you use
it in operating the computer from far away they use it between it's they made it for
the computer it's probably to it's like one of our point yeah it's one of the yeah it's
one of those things I'll let you run like the PowerPoint shows from a room from I have
I want to work that's just saying like that a TV remote though basically I mean that's
basically what it is interesting I mean isn't that what a TV remote is I mean or D like
a DVD remote for example you know that would be basically what it is because you know I
use the PlayStation 2 DVD remote to navigate menus and stuff it's very similar to this
it uses IR as well I just think that they're too different I mean this is very similar
to say a TV remote than it is you know the Wii remote Raven's Dolphin says the Wii trigger
goes through Bluetooth not infrared they will lose exactly hmm well you know these lawsuits
that seemingly come out of nowhere when something gets popular they make us angsty and we get
really angry about this stuff because we don't want anyone taking away our we so that means
it's about time for the F use of the week
since dark soccer is not here tonight Loki you're gonna have to start us off if you to
dark soccer for not being here yeah if you to the ferret I want to say f you to rpm racing
because they're number 11 car had fucked up traction on it so I kept slamming into the
wall and I actually had to get pitted one lap because they black flagged me fuck you
to rob for the fact that you know pretty good music I like this let's see I would have to
say gosh I don't have a lot to be angsty about today I would say an F you to the rain and
it being so cold out recently an F you to the fact that I'm spoiled by California weather
so what's what's cold right now probably isn't really cold to other people so if you to the
weather lately has been kind of crappy that's it left the room because he has a bad headache
I guess DER gave him a headache so maybe it's not here to put in his F you so F you to headaches
and Advil it doesn't work anyhow let's go into our next story which is about the spike
TV VGA's if I'm not mistaking did you these have an air jet have they I think they're
going to air it taped on Friday but it's going to air on what the 13th probably spoiler alert
we're going to ruin it for you right now here's who won at the spike TV game of the year was
Elder Scrolls IV Oblivion best individual sports game was Tony Hawk Project 8 best team
sports game was NBA 2K7 best song was Lights and Sounds by Yellow Card and Burnout Revenge
why boo Yellow Card sucks to be honest I like today by Junkie XL way better all right let's
see best soundtrack was Guitar Hero 2 Studio of the Year was Epic Games and then they give
out a bunch of awards to actors and actresses like they gave best supporting male to James
Gandolfini and the Sopranos best supporting female Rachel Lee Cook Kingdom Hearts 2 gamers
choice for breakthrough performance Rosario Dawson and an award to Johnny Depp just because
he's Johnny Depp I guess gamers choice is the guys that they gave to it they just wanted
Johnny Depp to show up at the award show you know this is true faster anyway we actually
have someone on the line with us who actually attended the event and is going to tell us
a little bit more about what happened on the inside it's Orange Lounge Radio's very own
DJ Tyrant from STFU you there DJ Tyrant yeah how's it going guys good how are you doing
I'm doing good my voice is a little shot from yelling at the awards but what happened tell
us about like how you got into the VGAs and how it all went down I got an email from Xfire
and they had a thousand tickets to give out so I just showed up and they they gave them
to me right on wow so you just went right in and got to see all this stuff were there
a lot of celebrities there yeah there were just a ton of celebrities I got to meet the
guys who do Mega64.com it was really cool you know I met them at an E3 a couple years
ago and they seemed really offended I didn't know who they were I mean I know who they
are now but at the time they seemed really offended that I didn't know who they were
I'm like sorry but somebody explained it to me afterwards I'm like oh that Tetris video
yeah that's that's kind of funny so anyway were they cool to you they seemed pretty cool
yeah they were they were pretty pretty nice to me how about how about any A-list celebrities
because you know Mega64 with all due respect it's kind of like D, E-list, internet celebrities
where do internet celebrities go on the E-list somewhere where did you meet did you meet
Samuel L. Jackson or Tom Cruise I don't know the A-list celebrities I'm sorry to hear that
so why is your voice so hoarse were you screaming and yelling and cheering at all these people
yes I was I was more booing at them than than anything so you were booing all the celebrities
as they came out on stage yeah as Ravenstaufen1 says in chat I did boo 50 Cent when he came
to present an award what'd you say to 50 Cent I said your game sucks well I mean it does
I mean did did did anybody yell back or could people actually hear you or was it the place
so huge they couldn't really hear you I I think some people know the first floor heard
me and they they laughed so so you you were the heckler guy huh yes I was I'm reading
a little bit of back and forth that's going on on destructoid.com because you made a comment
you were talking about in their in their comments you're talking about you know how you yelled
at 50 Cent your game sucks and his game didn't suck let's see DJ Tyrant wrote booing yellow
cards saying get off the stage asshole and yelled at Sarah Silverman you're not funny
see I think this stuff is kind of funny but then somebody replied to you dude you were
a total ass I sat three rows behind you you were wearing a blue X-Fire shirt you were
a huge asshole throughout the show comments were you a big asshole throughout the show
yes I was I'll admit that I don't see how anyone can take it seriously though the show
it's terrible you know what I think it's funny because you're right all these celebrities
are just coming out how many of them do you think actually play games how much of 50 cents
game do you think he actually played I think these celebrities just show up to these events
because they know it's something they can add to their resume and say that they were
on TV right yeah definitely although the guy who was Superman Superman Returns I can't
think of his name Brandon Routh he's a he was obviously a big Warcraft fan when he introduced
the World of Warcraft Burning Crusade video why did he come out there and go Leroy Jenkins
he do that nobody he said he he had played Warcraft 2 and mentioned a lot about how he
liked wizard so so you didn't see at least one gamer out there so you didn't boo him
no okay so somebody if somebody earned their cred with DJ Tyrant then they didn't get booed
all right yeah I cheered for Gears of War I haven't played it but they definitely deserve
the respect it's a good game if you're into first-person shooters it's a good game all
right well anything else you want to say about the award show watch it and see if you can
hear me during it no they'll they'll they'll have muted you or bleeped you out that's that's
why they don't air it live because they're too they're too chicken shit to air it live
because these these celebrities egos would be damaged if heaven forbid they could pick
up in the background some a-hole in the bleachers no offense going your game sucks so they're
they're they're doing that post editing right now bleeping you out and probably blurring
your seat they'll work hard what well I made them work hard there you go that's all that
matters all right well yeah and black wolf in our chat room says the crowd noise will
be faked the entire show most likely was there a lot of thunderous applause did they have
the lights that say applause applause or did they bring a girl on stage they had a lot
of seat fillers though a lot of seat fillers oh like the people they pay to go fill in
the celebrity seats when they go to the bathroom yeah they were they were all in the front
row it seemed like interesting huh all right well thank you for the insider perspective
and hey try to go to some more awards so say hey if they do a G4ia this year you definitely
have to get in there and do some heckling all right I'll see what I can do all right
thanks so much and I'll plug your show so the kids know to listen hey I'll be giving
away one of those Castlevania bonus sets this week on SAFU Thursday at seven o'clock right
here on Orange Lounge Radio that's seven pacific right seven pacific indeed it is all right
have a good one DJ Tyrant and we'll see you on Thursday for STFU all right bye later
guys all right that was our very own DJ Tyrant giving us the the scoop on what went on at
the video game awards and how he was a big jerk but you know what it's you know you can't
take celebrities seriously like if Britney Spears had come out I would have yelled you
know where's your panties you know because you know because of all the pictures recently
anyway forget it anywho back to some news um you know I'm starting to think we should
really curb from now on any stories that are from an analyst I mean seriously the rumors
come back up again from an analyst saying that Apple is entering the console market
and their take on it is basically we think that the video game market represents a distinct
possibility for Apple especially considering that it recently announced that the availability
of video games for its iPod through the iTunes store that's not a reason that's stupid that's
like I don't get it every fucking week on this program for the past almost five years
what do we sit here and do we sit here and analyze the game scene that's what we do and
nobody's ever thrown money at us I don't get it these finance if I got a degree would they
throw money at us in in whatever these people have degree in marketing analysis or whatever
and they don't even have to be right they're like the goddamn weatherman of you know the
fucking video game industry or whatever industry they're having to be reporting on oh I think
that you know squirrels are gonna fly on my ass today and if it doesn't happen who cares
because I'm an analyst and if I'm wrong well that's because the company's changed their
mind I mean it doesn't matter here's what Apple is gonna create next they're gonna create
their own line of sex toys you're gonna have the eye the Apple like I vibe or something
like that I mean seriously that is my analyst take on this because people like having fun
therefore they like being pleasured there you go you know have feel the bass through
the I vibe FireBoma calls it the eye-braider eye-braider whatever you know seriously this
is how ridiculous these stories are I for one I will not be putting talking about any
analyst crap from now on okay do you think it's feasible though that Apple could do a
console it's feasible that they could do a console I mean after all they're doing here's
what I think they would do if anything their ITV supporting some casual games and that's
about it I'd say I agree with that exactly I think that little you know much like video
games consoles in this generation 360 and the PlayStation 3 have been a Trojan horse
in the living room to do movies and TV and all that stuff I think Apple's gonna do that
in reverse I think they're gonna have put this Trojan horse in as a movie device and
then hey it'll play Zuma and Bejeweled too that's it that's it's not gonna be able to
run much anything else and have you tried playing any of these games on the Apple iPod
they suck so I mean seriously and you know I hate I hate to sound like the fucking Apple
hater but the Apple I mean their line of computers not exactly the biggest gaming machines I
don't think they know how to make gaming machines if they even really want I I you know I will
admit I love my now I love my Mac I love my little Mac laptop it's it's great I consider
myself bi when it comes to computers I like Apple sometimes I like you know PC's other
days but I don't exactly when I think hey I'm gonna go play some games on the computer
I don't exactly think about my Apple and there's nothing wrong with that I mean they could
they could come out with a game console I just I don't I think it's too late in the
game to come out with a new console right now and I think if they did it it would fail
it would be like you know the Phantom or something like that the Pippin Black Wolf says
apparently Tetris works really well on an iPod I I don't know I don't read but my iPod
was the old ass black and white one and it broke so I'm hoping I get gift certificates
this Christmas so I can get myself a new one but great then I can tell you blue ass though
and that's the thing I mean so great one and at the end of the day it's bejeweled again
I mean you know you can't take this seriously as a console unless there's new things to
breathe life and anything you know what I will admit there was one time you know with
Apple II that they had good games on there I mean you know you had some pretty good stuff
on the Apple II but uh that that day is long past so well if you agree or you disagree
again the mailbag is always open I'm trying to see if the chat rooms had anything to say
about that but a lot of them are talking about trying to find those Britney Spears pictures
again because I guess not everybody heard about it uh Loki why don't you take the next
story too anyways so there was a game that's been announced here um which I mean I know
that we're slightly a you know fan of the show uh Little Britain it's a show that's
run in um the UK and also on BBC America yeah it's on BBC America um it's as very these
do very well it's actually a parody of life in in Britain and they've got a bunch of different
characters in there almost reminds me a little bit of like um kind of a modern take on say
Monty Python everybody's got kids in the hall kind of yeah kind of kids with two people
but um it yeah it's basically these two guys and it's hilarious it's a funny show well
they're ba- making a brand new PlayStation 2 game based off of it and it's gonna be a
collection of a bunch of mini games and it's just it's pretty funny looking from what I've
seen so far what the hell are you gonna do with the Little Britain game don't be wrong
I love the show but I can't really picture it as a game I mean are you gonna go around
yelling I am the only game in the village no I that was funny that you mentioned that
because actually they that was one of the the advertisements on the um the story they
said you know I am the only game in the village no there's actually one though um one scene
that I saw where you're riding around um trying to basically scare away the other gays that
are in the village so that you can become the only game in the village you know just
it's it's funny it's basically gonna be a collection of is there like is there gonna
be like a music game for rap for the one girl that goes no but yeah but yeah but yeah but
yeah and I you know her that tells all the the stories and stuff um basically anyways
so the game is going to be like I said a collection of mini games presented in a format of an
episode of the TV show and since players can enter um can get interactive with their favorite
sketch show characters um in the series of eight mini games featuring Lou and Andy, Vicki
Pollard, which you know no but yeah, uh Mr. Man, uh Emily and Florence, we got a lady!
Majorie Dawes, um Daphne Thomas, uh Judy and Maggie and Letty and says each mini game plays
like a sketch from the TV show to win the game players must progress through all the
sketches to the end of the show or the credits will roll and um I don't know they have and
that's coming out here in America too?
I don't think so I think it's only in the UK and it's coming out on PC because you won't
even be able to import that oh if it's PC you can PC PlayStation Portable you can get
the PlayStation Portable version and um PlayStation 2 the PlayStation 2 and PC versions will be
out January 22nd um and then May for the PSP version so we can import the you know the
PSP one which might be fun is what's-his-name from Buffy in it and Anthony Stewart Head
is that his name is he in it um I'm not sure but like they've got you know examples here
oh here's a screenshot you know really great radio here but it's one of the mini games
where you're smashing objects okay so I I don't know smashing frogs it looks like so
I don't know it'll it'll be funny but interesting I'm sure it will be a good game anywho so
um kind of moving on to a completely different topic here the Xbox 360 well we know that
it has an HD DVD drive well guess what it's gonna be people are using it to copy HD DVDs
to rip them to their PC because the HD DVD drive uses a USB port and a connection or
USB connection and can be um you know you can do the 1080p connection over component
cables you can actually use a video capture card to capture that and then dump it of course
to your hard drive for backup purposes only of course um of course you know the PlayStation
3 I think does the same thing with blu-ray I mean I don't know but later on um I suppose
when they're gonna require the HDMI cables that might be able to circumvent some of the
stuff but right now you can dump them via that I don't know oh I'm sure this has the
movie industry so excited whatever I mean it's their own fault that they couldn't figure
out a way they encrypted I still don't know what movies I really want on HD DVD I guess
I'm still waiting for the format to kind of take off that's the thing too like there was
a movie that I wanted but it's only on blu-ray interesting annoying you know that you're
gonna get a PlayStation 3 eventually right maybe I mean I don't know probably interesting
I got I got berated by the wife because she's like I thought you said you weren't gonna
get one of those I'm like what you just got excited about the you know motorstorm games
so all right well moving on to some ads that were about the PlayStation 3 they were run
by Circuit City and a joystick picked up some of these Circuit City ads running it under
the headline circuit city faults or stupid advertising you decide that's again on joystick
with a q.com which is interesting because they talk about some things from the catalog
and how it said PlayStation 3 ready to rumble it's hot and of course you know the joke would
be that the PlayStation 3 does not in fact rumble and it has been overheating yeah and
so using the word hot is kind of funny as well and also I guess they show people playing
Xbox 360 Madden yet the controllers are off you know because you know Holly even when
even if you have a wired controller the Xbox guide button glows green with what you know
player you're in well of course in the picture you know obviously it's posed I mean they're
not really playing the game this isn't too hard to figure out but of course the anal
gamer will notice that the lights are off and so in fact the controllers are not plugged
in did you see the one of the we though on there no I did I missed that one there's a
picture with the Wii saying that the Wii can be played without a TV because it has a built
in projector into it what I'm serious I am wasn't that one of the old rumors about the
was one of the old rumors but if that's how like somebody did not get the memo it's really
bad but I how does this like get through I mean seriously how does this get by without
people you know noticing this stuff so seriously because there's no gamers that work at circuit
cities proofreading department no here it is right here it's it's actually take a look
at the the story again it says the USB port lets you plug in the game system to a project
and play or to project and play on awesome eleven and a half foot widescreen and that
was for the Wii that might actually be for the 360 whatever it's still wrong it doesn't
matter the turned off Xbox 360 controllers playing Madden on a projection television
supposedly attached to the Xbox 360 by a USB cable interesting whatever it's just obviously
all that stuff supposed you know people read a little bit too much into that stuff well
you may not be able to actually you know have a projector built into your Xbox 360 or we
but you can make your own power glove and that's what someone's done actually they have
modified a power glove to put a black we remote on it and they've captured the hearts of geeks
everywhere for about five minutes until the next video comes out with something else even
more shiny I don't know it's stupid but I'm sure someone was going to do it at some point
and I'm sure someone has commented on this video it's so bad let me see how many posts
it took to say it's so bad you know I am actually surprised oh oh oh eight posts eight posts
all right there you go speaking of things that are so bad this is this is so so bad
it's good I mean like so awesome you know bad meaning good get this the DS Lite has
some new decals being made for it you can turn your DS Lite you know you can use the
decals to change your DS Lite and they're being sold by Sanrio that's right you can
make your DS Lite the Hello Kitty DS Lite oh how fun is that going to be for the low
low price of 680 yen that's about five dollars and ninety cents you can get this from Sanrio
so awesome and they look best by the way on the pink DS's just so you know goodie just
more reason for me to get a pink DS Lite this Christmas well those pink lights are going
for a lot of money actually on eBay from what I've been hearing really of course my customers
are still in stock in most places no eBay people are selling out of them quick interesting
anyways apparently Canada is bleeding up your DS stylus future shop you can actually purchase
a 18 karat gold stylus for the low low price of $19.99 and wow Neil that would really suck
if you lost that one because is that like one of the fat ones or the light light so
then it's like one of the fat pens because the DS Lite actually had a fatter pen and
my guess is probably it's gold plated it'd be funny if this is gold painted well it might
be painted in the 14 karat gold or whatever it is I don't know all right well something
else I'm sure people are going to be paying a lot of money for depends if they decide
to charge this for this or not but there is a huge rabid fan base around the television
show that used to be on the air called Firefly and you might remember they made it into a
movie as well called serenity I didn't really follow the TV show but extra firm you know
my roommate is a huge Whedon whore you know Buffy and angel and all that so I got dragged
to see serenity the day it opened it wasn't bad I was right it was pretty good I didn't
fall if I did get an HD DVD player I would buy serenity serenity a good movie for HD
or any sci-fi movie really would be good well that's not what I'm reporting on what I'm
talking about is that this has been licensed for an MMO multiverse has struck a deal with
Fox to put the Firefly property into the MMO ring now keep in mind this is very early on
there's no development team yet put together like this but they want to do a type of Star
Wars galaxy type game but they say they will make it unique and fun and interesting so
it probably won't happen till 2008 but that could be very interesting and there's certainly
a huge fan base out there that'll at least check this out for curiosity factor alone
what'd you think I think so I didn't even check it out even though I don't know much
about the series it's like you know space cowboys I mean it's it's definitely unique
and who doesn't love cowboys in outer space you gotta love the fact that the show's been
canceled you know and the series has been canceled and it's not coming back there's
not going to be a sequel to Serenity yeah but isn't that what happened to Star Trek
the original Star Trek got canceled pretty early on and then they made a movie and it
became huge but then again Serenity unfortunately did not quite have a huge box office success
call it Firefly the movie yeah oh well anyway that's our last story for this part A of Orange
Lounge Radio but don't go anywhere because we're going to be back very soon for Orange
Lounge Radio part B and if you are a podcast listener you just have to wait a couple days
for Orange Lounge Radio part B we'll see you then when that's out
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge
Radio.
