Tonight, May 22nd, 2011, some PSP games are rumored to be remade for the PlayStation 3
and anticipated 3DS title is delayed.
And will Nintendo's new home console be equipped with a camera?
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of Orange
Lounge Radio.
It's the show where every gamer has a voice and this is episode number 414 for May the
22nd of 2011.
My name is Rob Roberts.
I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my awesome co-hosts.
First off, the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Yo.
How are you doing?
Yo.
Yo.
No.
I heard you got drunk last night.
I didn't get as drunk as I did at the last party.
You got drunk and played rock band and sang Lady Gaga and yet there's no video of this.
I've got video though of the guys at the party doing a Snoop Dogg song.
It's really a dark video but I have it.
It's on my phone.
Alright.
But I also tried to sing Bon Jovi and it's sad when men have a higher range than I do.
Hi spouse.
Is Dan coming to say hi on the show?
No.
I guess not.
Alright.
Well, I have to introduce the other host that's here that's not Dan.
Say hello to the one and only tech master, Loki.
Yes.
I'm definitely not Dan.
How are you, Loki?
I'm fine.
That's good, Loki.
What's new with you?
Not much.
Just sitting at home.
You're boring.
Well, you know, I started some projects.
Well, more projects on projects.
No, I started my three foot tall papercraft statue of the portal turret.
That's right.
Ooh.
I keep forgetting you're building your own portal turret.
That kind of cracks me up.
I don't know why.
I want one.
Well, as soon as I get the design correct, because right now unfortunately the 3D model
I ported over using Pepakura had a lot of internal stuff because it was actually a full
3D model with the actual guns and stuff.
This turret's not going to have the doors open with the guns showing.
But it still tried to create papercraft pieces for all that stuff that you're never going
to see.
So I had to filter out the stuff that I didn't need.
You know, I've actually done a turret model that doesn't have the doors or anything, right?
Yeah, but I've already printed it all out and I don't know.
If I run into problems, then yeah.
Let me introduce the always present fourth guest on our show at the chat room at chat.orangelountraining.com
because we do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern at
All Games Radio, www.allgames.com, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
So we invite you to join us for a live show sometime or all the time.
Like a lot of our chatties, we see a lot of familiar faces.
One of those familiar faces starts us off tonight with this chat comment.
Tigerclaw says, what's up Sky Dark Soccer Loki?
I got to ask you guys this.
What did the three of you do on the day of the rapture, Sind?
I played some World of Warcraft and slept in and then I went to a very gay Jewish party.
First off, can I say fuck that rapture guy?
Like fuck him in the ear and fuck CNN and fuck MSNBC and all these websites that give
him attention and like make people want to tweet about it and all that stuff.
And look, I'm no better.
I made my fair share of rapture jokes, but I'm not talking about like snarky Facebook
posts because that's what websites like that are for.
But like, you know, there's real news going on in the world that's just, yes, I realize
this is a video game podcast, but I'm on my soapbox and made a funny picture.
It just, it just downs me that some asshole can come out and say, no, really guys, it's
going to end May 21st.
So sell your shit.
I'm totally surreal for real, for real, real here.
So I'm going to just say the world's going to end on Christmas.
It's going to be really fucking ironic.
We're going to all die on Christmas.
So there you go.
And now listen to Orange Lounge Radio if you want to hear more of the Gospel.
Isn't it like allegedly supposed to end in like December 2012 because of the Mayan calendar
seems garbage?
It's always supposed to fucking end.
The same guy says it's going to end in the 90s.
Okay, on top of that too, okay, and this is me getting into a little bit of technical
history.
If I am right, the Mayans used a lunar calendar, meaning that their months are on a different
basis than it would be on the Gregorian calendar, because right now it's like halfway through
the Jewish year.
Yeah, but I'm sure no one would jump to conclusions and saying that the world's going to end
on a specific date.
They obviously have some scientific fact to back that up.
I mean, what are we, savages?
I mean, no one just goes out spouting random garbage like the world's going to end yesterday
and it doesn't happen without any sort of proof.
This is just the irony to me is that they can't find the dude, Camping was named Harold
Camping, and that the family radio, the site that he's like the president of, is down.
So I posted in the chatroom the picture that I made about the URL being raptured.
Well, he was a false prophet and he's going to burn in hell for all eternity.
Yay!
Can we talk about video games now?
Hell's his concept.
He can go there.
All right.
Let's go to how was your gaming week?
Uh, DarkSakura, what kind of video games have you been playing this week?
I caught World of Warcraft, addict.
Dealer.
You're my crack dealer now, which, by the way, I need you to look at my setup later.
I will.
Yeah, I played some World of Warcraft.
I put Rebecca Black on hold and I am now playing Blodwin, who is a shammy, who I'm kicking
butt with.
I was on Hoard House, which was fun.
You were.
Yeah.
We had a good time.
Except when, when you and Extrofer were going off about something, so I got up and got some
water.
I didn't even know you left.
Because I'm that good.
Was the show getting too nerdy for you?
No, no.
I was actually super thirsty the entire time.
Hoardhouse.com, plug, plug, plug.
One of these days I'm going to actually read a comic book and then be all like, I should
be on Comic Insanity.
I did that on Comic Insanity this morning, too, because Shadow was talking about Final
Fantasy IX and he and Tiara were like, oh, Final Fantasy IX, blah, blah, blah.
I'm like, I didn't play it.
I got up and got some coffee.
Nice.
Yeah, now everybody knows how professional I am.
But I also played, I started back on going back through some of the chapters on Portal
2 to try to get achievements.
So I already got the door prize, which is super easy.
But there's also, you can get the two achievements at one time.
The door prize, when you first find like the first area that's got these doors, three doors
up in the top, you go up there and you listen to each door and he talks about your blood
turning into gasoline and having to pee and something else.
And then when, right before you get GLaDOS again, I don't care if I'm spoiling, when
you're in the top office, you go in behind a file cabinet is a door that leads you to
three more vitrified doors and then where the Borealis dock is.
So you'll get the door prize thing for listening to Cave Johnson rant like a madman and then
finding the remnants of the Borealis.
So I did that.
The next one I'm doing a Smash TV where you have to break all the like 11 monitors that
Wheatley's jabbering at you at.
Yeah, some of those are pretty hard.
The key to doing the Wheatley ones is lasers.
Yeah, I know that, but I'm just saying some of the ones that had no lasers.
And I've got to go back and get the Turret Symphony.
The Turrets practicing singing.
Oh yes, I have that one.
And I also need to get secret transmission, which actually there's two secret transmissions
in Portal 2 I found out.
When you're on the, and everybody listen up, when you're doing the aerial faith plate test,
it's a big one with all the room full of faith plates, and GLaDOS shoots garbage at you.
You take...
Okay, I'm trying to explain exactly where the things are.
You take the radio, you can actually get two achievements here.
One of them is putting your portal on top of the place over the giant button, and then
the...
Three achievements actually.
Oh, let me do the two I know.
And then you put your portal on the ramp so that when the thing goes in the ramp it falls
down and falls right on the button and you get the achievement for not touching a thing
and having it land on the button, but you also go back and when you launch into the
one that's on the ramp but your other portal is going to be on this thing across from the
part jutting out, and it busts you through a window and you find another rat man den
and if you've got the radio with you it will play a modem sound, and what that is it actually
translates into an image if you've got a decoder.
Wow.
Because, you know, they had the whole ARG thing going on, the alternate reality game,
it was basically connecting to a BBS with an old 33k modem or something, and all these
images and stuff would go through.
I miss BBSs.
I want a BBS for Orange Lounge Radio where I can play Trade Wars 2002 all over again.
The other one is when you're in the lower labs and you're playing in commentary mode
you'll find a developer commentary that's nothing but modem noise, and it's a picture
too.
Hey nerds.
Actually it's not a picture.
It's them talking about part of the development of Portal 2.
Wait, this is important.
Nerds in chat, I need to know, can you still download like Telguard and stuff and set it
up to run off of like Telnet or whatever?
Probably.
Is that possible?
Because we need to make that happen.
Probably.
Oh come on, there's so many retro gamers out there that I bet there's still a gemstone
server running somewhere.
Ooh, I haven't played that in forever.
The third achievement is by picking up the broken turret that gets launched in there
and you launch it.
Oh yeah, turret dactyl.
Yeah, if you launch a turret with an aerial faith plate you get an achievement for it.
Oh, that I've done.
I know I did that.
I think that was a different statement.
I didn't do that one either.
I need to do more co-op.
I haven't played enough.
I'll play co-op with you, but I'll probably end up throwing up all over Sharmi.
I don't know, he's a cat.
I watch the human vault section, so.
Blackwolf in the chat room says yes, and there are lots of Telnet BBSs out there.
OMG, I want an OLR1.
Like really bad.
Let's do it.
Like come on you guys.
Somebody in the chat room, do it.
No, I'll do it.
Rob will do it, okay.
I'll do it, because I want to be the sis-op.
Okay.
I always wanted my own BBS when I was a kid, but my mom wouldn't let me get a second phone
line.
So let's set up the OLR BBS.
Yeah, I want an OLR BBS.
Okay.
Let me make that happen.
Alright, anyhow.
Anything else?
We have like two different conversations going on here.
One of them very modern with Portal 2, and the other one not so modern with BBSs and
Telnet and The Pit and Trade Wars, Legend of the Red Dragon.
I actually did try to play some of the DAC, but my computer farted on me while I was trying
to play the Star Trek.
And I tried playing Darwinia.
That game's confusing, and it gives me a bit of a headache.
So I'm going to have to probably take a whole bunch of mydol and try playing it again.
Because no, it really does give me a headache.
The modeling in it, and the colors, makes my head hurt.
So sadness.
Getting old sucks.
No, it's definitely, that's always done it to me.
And then I played By Shermy Cat Food the game.
The end.
Alright, Loki, how was your gaming week?
I wish I could say that I played exciting stuff, but I haven't.
I just played Grand Theft Auto, and a brief bit of Portal, because I was trying to test
something on my graphics card, because for some reason in Grand Theft Auto on my PC,
it decided, hey, you know what, I'm going to run really slow now.
And I was like, what?
Why are you running slow when you're running perfectly fine, just all the other days?
And it ended up that I was trying to overclock my laptop's graphics card, and I think the
program ran in the background.
Slowed things down, actually, because I did a cooling mod on this thing, so I actually
have the fans kicked up, and there's a big old intake vent in the back now.
And I normally have a cooling pad that go on the bottom of this, but I don't have it
with me right now.
But it's running much cooler.
And so now I can actually overclock the GPU when I get a chance.
I haven't really bothered to make it stable yet.
So yeah.
But I will be playing later on tonight, once I get done moving some stuff around.
I have a leaked copy of the Duke Nukem Forever demo that I will be checking out, because
Duke Nukem Forever is awesome, and the fact that I can play a part of it, it's like it's
not even...
I didn't realize it already had, like, leaked.
Oh yeah, they have an internal demo that's really, really buggy.
Hmm.
Because the real one's out, what, June 3rd or something like that?
Yes.
Awesome.
Alright, well if that's it for your gaming week, I'll talk about my gaming week, which
is also, a lot of the same old stuff, you know, it's kind of a slow period for me right
now with games.
More Warcraft, of course, as always.
Another game I don't want to talk about tonight, but I'm going to talk about it on Hoard House
this week, and it'll make sense when we get to Thursday.
And then I want to mention a couple other games I've been playing.
The new one, well not new, this game's like two years old and I'm just now getting around
to it, is the Williams Pinball Hall of Fame Collection I played this week on Xbox 360.
I actually had this game on the Wii a few years ago, and there was like a year difference
between the releases.
One of them came out in 08, I think, and the other one came out in 09.
And I played the newer one, the 360 one, which was also released on PS3.
And it's old pinball games, and they're classic tables, redone for the 360.
So if you like, you know, pinball FX and these types of games, this is right up your alley.
And these are pinball tables most of us remember from, you know, 20 years ago, if, you know,
you were around 20 years ago and going to arcades.
So for example, Tales of Arabian Nights is in this game, I love that table.
Whirlwind, the one that had the little fan at the top.
We had one in my garage.
The old school Black Knight.
Pimbot, everybody knows Pimbot, because they had an NES game of Pimbot, so you can play
the authentic table.
Pimbot's actually kind of a crappy table, like it's a cheap ass table.
Bride of Pimbot is great.
I like Bride of Pimbot, but that sadly is not in this compilation.
Neither is Theater of Magic.
Actually Jackbot is the best of the bot ones.
And that's, no, not in the collection either.
But there's some other interesting tables, I think about 12 tables in all.
Certainly the, I sound quiet, I shouldn't sound quiet.
No, everybody in chat says I sound fine.
Of course, live radio, the joys of that.
Anyhow, I'll turn myself up just a wee bit.
There you go.
Alright, so other things about the compilation, it's kind of weird because some of the games
are free, and then some of them will cost you credits, which is odd to me, that you
just don't get everything for free at the start, but I guess it wants to give you something
to work towards.
But as far as the important stuff, the translation itself, you know, it works.
It's nice.
A little bit pricey probably, you know, considering it's, I think it was what, about 40 bucks
when it came out, you know, just for 12 tables and you got Pinball FX that offers, you know,
some pretty competitive tables at a good price.
But now that the game's kind of old, you can probably find it really cheap.
And if you are a Pinball fan, you should probably pick it up because it's a good compilation
of games.
Otherwise, continuing to play some of the games I talked about last week like Might
Magic, Order of Chaos or whatever it's called, the puzzle game on 360, and some other stuff
like Mortal Kombat, which I've had very mixed success playing it online.
Sometimes it's very laggy.
Sometimes it's pretty smooth, but every time I lose horrifically because I'm really bad
at Mortal Kombat, and that makes me sad.
So that does it for my gaming week.
So let's get into some housekeeping tonight.
Join us on our Twitter, twitter.com slash o-l-r, or of course our Facebook, facebook.com
slash orange lounge radio.
Something else is important to note.
Next week is Memorial Day weekend, and we know there's several anime conventions going
on and other things of that sort, other types of conventions.
We're not going to be here with the show next week.
We're actually going to take the week off because of Memorial Day, and I'm actually
going to be out of town on top of that.
So sadly, we will not be here next week, Memorial Day.
I'm hating you right now, Rob.
I'm sorry.
I'm being hateful in judgment.
I will make it up to you in three weeks.
I know.
In three weeks is going to be more awesomer.
So I'm going...
I need to find 50 bucks to get a Duffy.
I'm going to be going to the happiest place on earth twice within a month span, but that's
just the way it works.
Hateful, jealous, judgmental.
Well, deal with it.
That's the sound of my falling sunglasses.
Deal with it.
All right.
Rob, hearts.
What?
Hearts.
So yeah, no show next week, but we are looking at doing some special shows the week of E3,
and I'm not sure how that's going to work yet.
I know that's weird because we're not actually going to E3, but we have a pal of ours who
does a show before us here at All Games Radio who's going to E3.
So we're hoping we can kind of get some reports from him and interject that with our own sassy
commentary and the rest of your voices on the internet through Twitter and so forth.
So we're looking at doing some type of E3 specials.
We're not sure exactly what time yet, but that will happen the week of E3.
I've already been limbering my eyes up.
So I can roll them like nothing else when I see the Nintendo press conference.
He's going to roll it like a katamari.
I'm going to be like, oh god, seriously?
This is your great idea?
I have low expectations for Nintendo.
Let's see if they can limbo under that.
All right.
Well, we'll see.
And I'm really hoping we can get Loki to come to the show whenever Nintendo's press conference.
Ideally, well, you'll have to work whenever.
When is the Nintendo press conference?
It's during the day.
So you'll have to be at work.
I really don't work when those are going on because I'll, I'll stop what I'm doing and
watch it.
Cause I want to get your immediate reaction to those press conferences.
Oh, I'll be on Twitter, but what the fuck is that?
Really?
That's a great idea.
Oh, awesome.
We need to do some type of like where we are commenting on the press conferences as they're
going on and then you can like download it later on.
It's like a riff tracks type of thing.
I don't know.
We'll see.
No, not really.
Well, it's technically possible because they do syndicate that stuff later on so that you
can re-watch the actual videos and stuff.
So we could do that.
Nah, too much effort.
All right.
Yeah, exactly.
I would say that.
All right.
So we will not be here next week on Memorial Day weekend, sadly.
We will be back the week after though, which happens to be the Sunday before E3.
And that's when the news is really going to start to roll in.
In fact, I think we're going to get to a story on this later.
One of the developers is doing their press conference Sunday night.
They're kind of getting a jump on everybody else.
So it's going to be very interesting.
So the news will start flooding in in two weeks.
I might actually do a little bit of a commentary on my Tumblr as well.
All across the internets.
Yeah, why not?
All right.
They're looking to have 1,000,000 viewers.
Let's move on.
Let's get into some actual gaming news tonight.
There's still a lot going on in the gaming world, ramping up to E3 this week.
So let's go to Loki, who's going to start us off tonight.
Yes.
Sony announced their titles that are going to be a part of the Welcome Back program.
Of course, the Welcome Back program includes a free 30-day trial to PlayStation Plus for
all PlayStation Network users.
Also they're going to be giving out a 30-day trial to Curiosity, I guess.
Or Curiosity.
Whatever.
I'm calling it Curiosity.
And then also, apparently, two free PlayStation games and two free PlayStation Portable games.
Of the free PlayStation 3 games that are available for North America, because it's a little bit
different in each region, Dead Nation, Infamous, LittleBigPlanet, SuperStardust HD, and Wipeout
HD Plus Fury...
Well, I already own two of those, so that's going to narrow down my choices of what I'm
going to get.
Exactly.
Same here.
For PSP owners, I guess, you'll be able to get LittleBigPlanet on PSP, Modination Racers,
Pursuit Force, or Killzone Liberation.
And then, of course, they're going to have a selection of On Us movie rentals through
the PlayStation Network, and I guess existing PlayStation Plus subscribers will receive
an additional 60 days of free subscription, and existing Music Unlimited Premium trial
subscription members will receive an additional 30 days of free music as well, and also an
additional 30 days plus time lost for existing members of the Music Unlimited Premium basic
subscription fee, free of charge.
And Home, of course, they're going to have 100 free items in Home.
Can one of those items be useful clubhouses?
No.
Damn.
In Europe, they're going to be doing some slightly different titles.
They're going to have Ratchet & Clank, Quest for Booty, Wipeout HD, Fury, Dead Nation,
Infamous, and LittleBigPlanet.
And then, of course, on PSP, actually the titles are the same on PSP.
But I guess it's going to be slightly different for each region, which begs the question,
since PlayStation Network accounts are free to create, I had three of them, so I guess
I get six games, because I had three accounts.
Is there going to be a thing where maybe you have to have used a credit card in a transaction
or something?
I don't think so.
Interesting.
Because technically, I mean, I could download some free download content or something like
that and never had to buy anything, but I'm still out of, you know, the three, four weeks
or whatever it was down.
What if I share a PlayStation with somebody else, like, you know, my significant other
lives with me and we share an account, or I mean, I'm sorry, we don't share an account,
we share a PlayStation, but we have two separate accounts, so will I get to get two and he'll
get to get the other two?
That's what I'm thinking.
Nice!
Yes, that's what I'm thinking.
I mean, I could be wrong, either way, let me put it this way, I mean, I have LittleBigPlanet
already and I would never, I wouldn't want to download it, because I have my, you know,
really rare LittleBigPlanet with the band music in there, you know, I'd probably pick
up Infamous because that looked pretty good, but the rest of the PlayStation Network games,
I just don't really care too much about those, maybe, I don't know, Dead Nation looked alright
or Wipeout, I really don't care, but, you know, if I can pick six titles, then I'll
probably get everything and then we'll see what Japan has whenever they get around to
come back up.
Let's see, some other fun stuff, Sony-related, the PlayStation Network, they had opened up
their website for changing your password, and apparently, the sign-ins, they've disabled
them because they found a potential exploit that people could use to, you know, basically
hack your account.
Awesome.
Wait, hold on, hold on, hold on.
Okay, now keep reading.
And this is great, it says, Sony has issued a statement on the PlayStation Blog describing
the issue as a URL exploit we have subsequently fixed, it says consumers who have resetted
their passwords for PlayStation Network are still encouraged to do so directly on their
PS3, otherwise they can continue to do so via the website as soon as we bring that back
up.
But apparently, yeah, I guess it allowed people to go some roundabout way to change their
password and get access to their account.
It's very minor and it got, you know, fixed pretty quick, but it's just, you can't keep
making these mistakes, you really gotta be on your toes, you know.
Oh wait, I love this comment in our chat room from Islander, by the way, O-L-R, a lot of
people on home right now, actually it's like i3linder, but I'm just saying.
Blender?
Oh, it's, oh, it's a little bee, okay, Blender.
Blender says, by the way, O-L-R, a lot of people on home right now are having freezing
issues when they get a new item.
Some sort of bug since the relaunch.
So home is freezing whenever you get a new item.
I guess home is hell.
Awesome.
And then this is great, and it keeps on going from here.
Now this isn't necessarily PlayStation related, but apparently Sony had another website hacked
and people have started stealing virtual currency.
It's, I guess, some Sony-run internet service provider called Sonet.
They had some virtual points or whatever and people apparently stole roughly a hundred
thousand yen or, you know, twelve hundred dollars worth of virtual points.
And it says no personal information was compromised or any other accounts, but, you know, it's
still kind of pathetic that you're having multiple accounts assigned.
In fact, there's another story that I don't even think was on here where they had another
account, another website that got hacked and became a phishing account now, phishing websites.
So man, Sony is just the Internet's bitch right now.
I don't know.
It's kind of sad.
Well, somebody is seriously kicking them while they're down, which is pretty much sad.
I feel bad for them in a way.
And on top of all that, you know, because, you know, the one site that was turned into
kind of a phishing site was actually, I believe, a Japanese website for Sony.
Well, the Japanese government refuses to let Sony relaunch the PlayStation Network there.
They haven't given approval for it.
And it says apparently the Ministry of Economy, Content, Industry says the government refused
Sony's initiative to launch the platform again.
As of May 13th, Sony was incomplete in exercising measures that they said they will do on the
May 1st press conference, says the details of which the measures haven't been enacted
yet were not released.
The source added that the government wants clear terms of what Sony is planning on doing
to protect its users credit card info, saying there were similar cases in the past that
were caused by other firms and we're asking Sony whether their measures are good enough
to good enough when compared to countermeasures taken in the past.
I mean, that sounds fair enough.
It's kind of a big deal, like, that the country's basically saying, uh, no, you're not coming
back up because you're not proven that you're secure.
And then as we keep hearing all these stories about other facets of the company getting
hacked, it's kind of not helping their case.
No, it's not.
Well, you know why the Roman Empire fell?
The Roman Empire.
Sony sort of said it the same way?
I've been saying this for weeks now.
There needs to be a major, major shakeup within the senior management at Sony and otherwise
there's not going to be a PlayStation 4.
I mean, I don't, or there might be one, but it's going to be overlooked.
Anyhow, uh, let's move on to some more hopeful news.
Um, you know, not all the news that comes out of Sony these days is bad and this could
be possibly giving us a sinus and things that we could look forward to at E3.
And I got to say, man, Sony, Sony is going to have, I mean, I realized Nintendo has just
announced that they're showing a new fucking console at E3, but I am still most interested
in Sony's press conference.
I really am.
Like it's either going to be the biggest like redemption ever, or it's going to be just
the nail in the coffin.
Like there is so much writing on Sony's press conference this year, I can't even like imagine.
So I am, I'm really curious to see what their thing looks like.
This might be one of the things that they're going to announce at the press conference
at E3 this year.
Apparently there's a God of War portable collection that is going to be coming out to the PlayStation
3 in Asian regions in July.
That's a press release that was sent by Sony Computer Entertainment Taiwan and picked up
by international gaming news websites.
So apparently the God of War PSP games Chains of Olympus and Ghosts of Sparta are going
to be revamped HD Chinese and English language options and will be released on July 7th in
Asia.
And of course a lot of people kind of their minds go, well, if it's coming out in Asia,
why the heck isn't it coming out in the rest of the world?
So this could be something that's being announced.
In fact...
And I mean, if it's going to be in English or, you know, if it's coming out in Asia,
you can import it, even if it wasn't coming out right away.
Correct.
Of course it would not be unlike Sony to repackage God of War.
They've done it already.
The God of War collection right before God of War 3 came out.
The first two PlayStation 2 games were packaged together and re-released.
And then I think it's available as a download game now as well.
Now taking this a step further, it might not be just God of War.
Sony in fact unveiled a new initiative this week where certain PlayStation portable titles
will be ported to the PlayStation 3 with improvements made that are, you know, like exactly what
we're hearing about the God of War collection.
So in my mind, this confirms the God of War thing because Durr, of course, they're going
to do the God of War game.
They already showed off.
That's their biggest franchise.
Was it Monster Hunter Portable 3?
Yeah.
And they have the trailer for it and it looks pretty awesome.
Exactly.
Yeah.
That's the first one that's been announced for it is, thank you for taking my story,
Doki.
Sorry.
Monster Hunter Portable 3.
It's going to be released on the PlayStation 3 this summer.
More game announcements from more publishers coming down the pipeline.
They have not said when it's coming out in other territories, but I can't imagine it's
not going to be announced at E3.
And that God of War, I'm thinking is all but certain to be a part of this.
The question is what other games might be included as part of this?
What are the other like huge PlayStation portable titles that could be a part of this?
Just throwing it out there, maybe Metal Gear Acid?
I don't think they would do Acid.
I think that they would do the last- Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
The last one.
I'm sorry.
Peace Walker.
That would be one.
Certainly.
Well, we'd learn about that pretty quick if that was going to be the case because Konami
had probably announced it during their press conference, which would be that Sunday prior.
I'm certainly looking forward to the- Unless they're told not to say that.
I'm certainly hoping that those Final Fantasy remakes would be a part of it, although I
doubt it.
Nah.
Plus, I'd be a little bit irritated because I already bought those.
I would see that maybe, you know, Dissida or, you know.
Oh, yeah.
I bet that's a big one.
Or the other Final Fantasy game, the seven spin-off-
Crisis Core.
Crisis Core, thank you.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, those are definite contenders from Squeenix, absolutely.
And who's to say, I mean, they couldn't just do some of these as download games?
I mean, why not?
I mean, that would make sense to me.
Mm-hmm.
Absolutely.
Maybe the half-minute hero games as well?
That would be cool.
Yep.
So, we'll- This is all but certain to show up at E3, so it's just a matter of what titles
and when, so we'll see what happens with that.
And what's great about it, though, is like, some of those games, you know, that were kinda,
they're just alright, you know, with control-wise, because they didn't have a second analog.
Well, now we can fix that.
That's true.
Or that little nub thing that the PSP has kinda starts to wear on your finger.
Am I the only one?
Like, I can't use that thing for a long period of time because it hurts.
Like, just the texture on that button is yuck.
I don't know.
I actually had a replacement, so I could, you know, put on there, but I never had a
problem with it.
Alright, I guess it's just me.
Movin' on!
DarkSakura, what do you got for us?
There's some Mortal Kombat news out there.
Basically, with the PlayStation 3, you had the combat pass so that you could, um, it's-
you'd have to have it to play online, but you can only, of course, use it while PlayStation
Store is online, which, of course, it wasn't, so it's being waived.
Until everything is, uh, you know, pretty much back up full-time.
You know, I didn't even really think about that until I'd heard about this story, because
I cashed in my pass because I bought the game the day it came out, or, excuse me, I had
Amazon delivery the day it came out.
So I cashed in my pass that day, and the next day is when PlayStation went down, so I never
had a problem.
I was able to play online.
But it didn't occur to me that, oh yeah, with the store being down, you can't redeem those
passes.
So if you didn't get this game on launch day, you were screwed.
So they're actually waiving the need for the pass until PlayStation Store is fully operational.
And good, that's the right thing to do, but, um, I don't feel sorry for them for the amount
of shit they probably got from their fan base and threatens of lawsuits and so forth, because
that's what you get for putting these passes in the game in the first place, and it really
doesn't just end with Mortal Kombat.
This is a growing trend.
Capcom, Capcom, Capcom, Capcom.
Yeah.
And the bummer-
No, actually, you know, here's the thing.
Capcom isn't doing that at all.
I mean, they're doing that with their download-
With their DRM.
Well, their DRM with their download content sucks, but they're not one of these game,
you know, companies putting out this, oh, we gotta buy it new in order to play online
for free.
You know, that's kinda bullshit.
THQ, THQ, THQ, and now Warner Brothers is kinda following suit with EA.
So those are your evil three right there.
And what's most interesting about this is that the people that were affected ended up
being the ones who bought the game new, because nobody's buying Mortal Kombat used right now.
Like, maybe one in a thousand have already given the game back, and maybe were able to
get a used copy from that, but, you know, Mortal Kombat's doing very well in the sales,
and this has been a successful reboot, absolutely, and, you know, people are talking about what
a great game it is, including me.
I think it's the best Mortal Kombat they've done since the Super Nintendo days, to be
quite honest.
Honestly, I think if what's gonna happen here, the whole reason that they're doing those
online passes anyways is trying to recoup some money that you're losing from piracy,
because if you wanna play it online, you gotta pay, you know, the ten dollars, which some
people have no problem doing, especially if they've pirated the game.
But I don't know.
I still think it's dumb.
Well, and it's especially dumb that when I am supporting the company and I buy it new,
that I get locked out.
You know what I mean?
Or they realize that they probably had to set everything up before they could announce
it, so.
I know, but there were certainly a few days there where they probably got a lot of shit
from people.
And I understand they deserved it.
Even still, though, I mean, people, someone bought that copy at one time, so they already
made their sale for it.
Why do they need more money after the fact?
Because someone else decides to play.
That'd be like, you know, oh, hey, Rob, you know, I watched this DVD once and I'm gonna
loan it to you.
You know, should the company get money for that?
No, because they already bought it once.
They already got the money made from that.
If they wanted, you know, a pay-per-view service or something like that, then they should do
something different.
Let me go to our chatroom at chat.orangelauntrader.com.
Tigerclaw in our chat says, not only that, anyone who bought a game that comes with a
code for some DLC in the box, they can't redeem it until the store goes back up.
Yeah, like, funny enough, although I redeemed the combat pass, I did not redeem my reptile
original outfit that I got for buying the game, but I don't, you know, I'm a little
less, it's a stupid costume.
Like I'm not, the Barbie features, I'm not so bent out of shape about, you know, it doesn't
really impact the game.
But I mean, it's certainly still a valid point.
Maybe some other games had DLC that were impacted by this.
So there you go.
Frisbee in our chatroom flat out says, DRM is a poison.
It's such a bummer because I get why companies have to do it.
I mean, obviously, piracy is an issue and it is something that has to be dealt with.
But it just sucks when the people that get affected most by the change is the ones that
are trying to do everything legitimately.
Oh well.
It never ends.
Moving on.
New story, Loki.
Yeah.
So there's a rumor that the new Nintendo console that's supposed to be announced at E3 is gonna
have a front-facing camera built into the controller.
Which, you know, I think that was one of the, part of the rumors that was going around for
a while now.
And it makes sense, so, if you think about it, if this is supposed to be, you know, a
controller with a 6-inch touchscreen on it and you have a widescreen TV, hmm, could possibly
they be, I don't know, adding DS or DSi download games to the virtual console or whatever they're
gonna call that.
Because now, you'll have your touchscreen and your one screen in your controller and
your other screen is up on TV.
But then, of course, I have to say is, why would you spend more money on a controller,
which I'm assuming is gonna be at least 100 bucks, you know, when you can buy a DS.
Or DSi.
I don't know.
But.
Really?
Cause when I heard about this, I was thinking more of the Kinect-style features, but I guess
that doesn't work if it's on a controller, does it?
I really think that one through.
Let me put it this way.
This sounds like this console is gonna have gimmicks out the ass.
It's like, what possible gimmicks can we throw in on this thing?
It's got motion controls, it's got a touchscreen, it's got a camera on it, it's got, you know,
a microwave, I mean, what else can we throw on this fucking, I just have to see how they're
gonna use it because, I'm gonna tell you this much, all the Nintendo gimmicks that have
been out there haven't been that great.
I mean, the motion control stuff, yeah, but then you get all these launch games that are
all these just waggle this, waggle this one, it could have been just a button for all that.
Or you know, just the Zapper, or the Wii Fit balance board, or motion plus, I mean a lot
of it is just rehash, you know, or just like gimmicky game that's not really that original.
It's just like all this extra crap that you don't really need in there.
So if they're throwing in all these gimmicks, they gotta be doing something really smart
there.
I think the problem why it seems like there's so many gimmicks as well is because we're
in that rumor phase where just people are just fucking making shit up, and I'm not even
sure I totally agree with this rumor.
Like it could, I think it's just somebody making a good odds prediction.
You know, cameras being integrated into devices is a pretty common thing these days, you know,
between the DS and the iPhone.
I think someone's just hedging their bets to make a rumor and all that stuff.
So I'm not so sure that makes it true.
I mean, we'll see.
We'll see, I mean...
But I just want to remind everyone, at one point the Wii was supposed to project 3D imagery
all on its own.
It was a magical little fucking box where you would just, it's the holodeck, and that
didn't quite end up being the case, actually, so...
I don't know, I'm just, I have very, like I said, I have very low expectations for this
new console.
And remember, you know, the other thing too, you have to remember about Nintendo, half
the stuff they promise will not make it at launch, or at all.
I mean, they're going to promise you all this stuff that this console's going to be doing.
Oh yeah, that feature's not done yet, it's not going to be out for six months after the
console's release.
Like, you know, the 3DS, I mean, come on, that's just stupid.
You can't release a console that's halfway done, and then your sales are pretty shitty
as it is, and then stuff that's promised at the launch of that stuff, you know, it's just
delay after delay.
I'm not quite as negative as Loki is on this issue.
Really Nintendo really only needs to do just a couple things to make me buy the new system,
as long as it's high definition and capable of pretty graphics, and it has a new F-Zero
game on it, and it has a type of controller that's not quite so gimmicky where maybe,
I understand there's going to be some gimmick of some sort, but as long as we can kind of
tone it down a little bit, I'll be in.
I'm fine.
Even like two out of three ain't bad.
If they don't really give me an F-Zero game, I guess I can't be that upset, but I really
want it.
Just say, I really, really want an F-Zero game.
And now would be a perfect time.
Unless this whole touch thing ends up actually being true, because I don't know how you'd
incorporate that into an F-Zero game, but again, I think the touch thing is utter bullshit.
Like I think it's total bullshit, but I guess we'll see, I could be wrong.
Anyhow, moving on, let's talk about the 360.
We've talked Sony, we've talked Nintendo, let's talk 360 for a little bit here.
There is an update coming, and yeah, the firmware update, unfortunately, it's sporking some
consoles from playing newer games, because it has to do with the way that they're changing
the game discs to try and circumvent piracy.
They're changing the retail game discs, and it's also going to be, I guess, freeing up
a gig of space, which is good news for the folks that are trying to cram a lot into one
disc.
But the problem is, is that certain types of drives don't actually read these discs
okay, so their 360s might actually be borked.
Now, here's the deal, Microsoft is actually being proactive about finding where those
issues are, and they're actually going to send them, I guess, a new Xbox.
At least that's what the rumors say.
The official Microsoft statement says, following a recent update to our system software, we
have become aware of an issue that is preventing a very small number of Xbox 360 owners from
playing retail game discs.
This issue manifests itself as a unique disc unreadable or disc unsupported error on the
screen and is unrelated to our recent public beta.
We are also able to detect this issue over Xbox Live and are proactively reaching out
to customers that may be impacted to replace their console.
Many Xbox 360 owners receiving this error are encouraged to contact us at Xbox.com support
contact, so we can verify if the console has been impacted.
Very interesting, using that whole fact that they send information over the internet automatically
about your console to Microsoft, they're able to tell exactly who's affected by this and
send them replacements.
Interesting.
Of course, they don't say exactly what percentage, I mean, they say a small amount, but how small?
It's a certain drive, I believe, that doesn't work with it.
I don't remember which kind, but there is one that I know that the update doesn't work
on it.
Interesting.
It's also one of the, I think, one of the consoles that they haven't had, like, hacked
firmware or, like, new hacked firmwares for because, I guess, like, the AP 2.5 checks
aren't able to be flashed to it and all this stuff.
I wonder if it's the original 360s, but they've all red ringed by now anyway, so that's why
it's such a small number.
It is one of the original, I think, drives, one of the, either the Samsung Hitachi or
the...
Interesting.
I don't remember the last one there.
Toshiba.
By the way, also speaking about Xbox 360, PayPal has been rolling out in certain territories.
There's an automatic update that was going out, and it's going to certain regions first,
and now you can actually use PayPal as a billing option on your console.
You can do that for Microsoft Points and other types of Marketplace content.
Apparently, that has all been rolling out over the past week.
I don't remember updating my console, but it might have been done when I wasn't on it.
They haven't been...
Like, I didn't get an update on Friday for my consoles.
So it's just certain regions right now.
May 27th is when Avatar Connect is scheduled to come out, and that is the...
If you are too shy to use voice chat, or I'm sorry, video chat, because you know your
Connect has video chat, but if you want to use fake people instead to chat, you'll be
able to do that on the 27th.
Interesting.
Let's move on with another news story, and then we'll get to the release dates.
Well, going back to Microsoft, there has been word about something that, according to our
show role, is the Connect Fub Lab.
I'm sorry.
Sorry, I have fubby, fat fingers, and I think I meant to type fun.
I had to give you a hard time.
Now, the Connect Fun Lab might be revealed at E3.
They are going to be doing a lot of stuff for the Connect, but there is a source that
said that something called Connect Fun Lab is in the works to be revealed there, and
not really sure what it is.
There's also another possible Connect title that's called Connect Me that's on the Australia
Classifications Board and has Microsoft as a publisher.
And there's also two others that are probably not Connect games, but there's Crimson Alliance
and Fusion Genesis.
And Crimson Alliance is being developed by Certain Affinity.
Fusion Genesis?
I know what that is.
That's another Fusion Frenzy game.
I know, God, I hate that.
God, I hope not.
And then Crimson Alliance, that sounds like another Crimson Skies game, which sounds kind
of cool.
But Fusion Frenzy, no!
Crimson Alliance is by Certain Affinity, and they did Age of Booty.
Oh.
Well.
I still don't know if that's what it is, but Fusion Frenzy, ohhhh!
Bleh, bleh.
It's terrible.
Don't make another Fusion Frenzy game.
They're all terrible.
Alright.
Uh, I, I hope, hopefully that isn't what it is, but I'm a little more worried about Connect
Fun Lab, because I thought that this year was the year we're going to see at E3 what the
Connect can really do.
Alright, we've seen all the Nintendo rip-offs, now let's see what the Connect can really
do.
It can really rip off Nintendo now.
I know, and I hear Fun Lab, and I think, oh goody, it's a lab full of minigames.
Fun, fun, fun, fun.
Or it's all puppies.
It's all lab puppies.
Ugh.
I hope Fun Lab has to do with, like, genetic mutations of, like, you know, people and...
Make your own monster.
Yes.
Create your own alien or something.
That would be fun.
I don't want fucking minigames.
Exactly.
That would be Fun Lab.
And then you make them fight through Xbox Live.
Yes.
And it's okay.
Kind of like Magic Pen Gel.
It's all virtual.
It's not real.
Yeah.
There you go.
A Magic Pen Gel where I draw with my hands.
I smear paint to make creatures.
Like it's a monkey smearing poop on the wall.
That would be great.
Fun Lab.
I would play that.
Monkey Poo Fun Lab.
I would play that.
Monkey Poo Fun Lab.
Alright.
Let's go around the world and look at some release dates.
That sounds terrible, Monkey Poo Fun Lab.
This week, actually, there's some decent stuff coming out.
Dirt 3 on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC this week, which is pretty cool.
Adding Gymkhana this time.
Kung Fu Panda 2, another movie tie-in game.
And this one, it's a little weird, they're doing something different on every single
platform.
The PlayStation 3 game is just, you know, just a PlayStation 3 game.
The Xbox 360 is getting a Kinect game.
The Wii is getting a U-Draw game.
And then DS is just, you know, another regular DS game.
So those will be out later this week.
And then, let's see here, man this is fucking slow today.
Other fun stuff.
Like what?
Like Monkey Poo Smear.
Monkey Poo Smear, yes.
Monkey Poo Smear is coming out this week on all platforms, including the Atari.
Looks very exciting.
No, um, I'm trying to see what else we have here.
It's a really small week, but I know it's more than just those two titles.
Come on, cooperate.
There we go.
Dungeons and Dragons Daggerdale for PC, that's coming out this week.
Also Naughty Bear, the Gold Edition, in case you didn't buy that game.
It's coming out now with all the download content at a budget price on PlayStation 3
and Xbox 360.
NASCAR 2011 on the Wii, been delayed a little bit so now it's finally coming out.
Paws and Claws Pampered Pets 2 for Nintendo DS, out this week as well.
And Murder in Venice, kind of an adventure game that's also for DS.
Cake Mania Main Street, that's on DS this week.
And that is pretty much it.
Well we have some news for the U.S., for overseas in the UK.
And it's actually just a few games.
On the 24th we have Dirt 3 for Xbox 360, PC, and PlayStation 3.
And we also have Kung Fu Panda for the DS.
And on the 27th is Gladiator Begins on the PSP.
And on the 30th we have Fable 3 for PC, which why it's taken so dang long to come out, oh
well, don't know.
But I don't know.
Fable 3, I will go ahead and warn our UK viewers.
Now I've got friends that love, why do I say viewers, it's listeners.
I've got friends that love Fable 3, but it's really not all that great.
Fable 2 is so much of a better game.
What do you think?
Fable 2 is alright, but Fable 3 didn't look like they added too much stuff to it, so I
passed on it.
I can't trust anything Peter Milano says, he's full of shit.
That means that he needs to probably go potty.
Yes.
Except every time he potties a new game comes out.
That's true.
Yeah.
And, well, I have really nothing else on, for UK, I mean, they list games but they don't
put dates on them, like Back to the Future Double Vision is on the list, but they didn't
put a date on it, so.
That's all.
And speaking of stuff that's coming out.
Can we go to Japan and take a look at the Japanese releases?
Yes.
Oh, let's see, we're gonna start off on the Xbox 360 and this week on the 26th, Akai Katana
Shin comes out on the 360.
And that is gonna be in regular and limited edition.
And now that's from Cave.
That's it?
Akai Katana Shin comes out this week.
That's Red Katana New?
Death?
It takes place in a parallel world that resembles Japan's Taisho period.
Here people discovered a blood sword that takes human sacrifices to unleash its mass
destructive power.
That would be Red Sword Death then.
Now this is an existing game that's already been out.
The 360 version will have new stages, new characters, and a new system, and the graphics
will fit in a 16-9.
So I'm assuming this is a prior 16, I'm sorry, a prior PlayStation 2 release.
So that is coming out this week and it's a shooter.
Of course, it's a shooter.
It's Cave.
What'd you expect?
Also coming out on the Xbox 360, Fighters Uncaged and Troy Musou comes out this week.
And I'm not sure what this, oh this is about like, like Trojan Troy, Helen of Troy, all
that stuff.
It's myth, oh, Warriors Legend of Troy for Japan?
diversity Warriors, but with the Trojan horse, not the Trojan condoms with the Trojan horse.
That'll be a whole nother type of game.
On the PlayStation 3 this week, Hiro no Kakira Aizoban Akane Hiro no Suyoku comes out this
week from Idea Factory in regular and limited edition.
And this game is an adventure game.
I'm trying to see what it is.
It's gotta be something that I've heard of before because it's regular and limited.
Let me see, trying to get some screenshots here and it's an adventure game.
No, I guess not.
The artwork on this does not look familiar to me.
So it's some type of new game we don't have here.
Well, yeah, it looks like every other.
Infamous goes into the best series, meaning it gets a price reduction.
Nobunaga no Yabu, Tendo and a power-up kit, woohoo, come out this week.
That's 124 bucks if you want both of those to import.
Also, Tottori no Atlier, Arland no Rekin ju Shutsi 2 goes into the best hits collection
as well.
So some price reductions this week.
Going to the Nintendo systems, taking a look real quick.
Nintendo Wii, Pandora's Tower, Until I Return to Your Side comes out on the Wii this week.
And of course I hear Pandora and I go, wait a minute, wasn't that what they call the Kid
Icarus games over in Japan?
It was called like Pandora's, I thought this was what it was called, Pandora's Adventure
or something like that.
Wasn't Kid Icarus called that in Japan?
But that is not what this is, just so you know, it is not like a Kid Icarus game.
It's some other type of game on the Wii.
And it's in a black box instead of a white Wii box.
So ooh.
Let's see, going on to the Nintendo 3DS, One Piece Unlimited Cruise SP comes out this week.
And lastly, going to the PSP, Shutsugeki, what?
Kid Icarus Hikari Shinwa, Palthena no Kagami, which is Light Myth Palthena's Mirror.
Palthena's Mirror, not Pandora, Palthena.
Okay, so I missed, P something.
But it had like a totally different name in Japan.
At least I was like 20% right.
That's a much cooler name.
It is kind of a cool name, but I don't know, Kid Icarus kind of grew on me.
It's cool.
Anyhow, the game I was reading on the PSP, Shutsugeki no Senjotou comes out from System
Soft this week on the PSP.
And this is a strategy game that involves anime chicks in hot outfits.
And then like, okay, look at these screenshots, okay?
You get like hot anime babe, right?
And then you have like anime babes in like little maid outfits, right?
And then it's driving in the streets with tanks and airplanes.
This is a very manly sort of game.
Hot anime babes and then tanks and fighter jets.
Awesome.
Pre-ordering it today.
All right.
Let's move on and go over a couple more news stories and we'll get into the classic game
of the week.
Dark Soccer has picked a very popular series tonight.
So we'll get to that.
All right, for now though, Loki.
Ah yes.
So this is kind of disappointing because this was actually a game I was looking forward
to checking out once the delayed Nintendo store for the 3DS was released.
But yes, like all things delayed, there are more delays.
And Mega Man Legends 3 prototype version, a demo for a game that's not even finished
yet, will be delayed from the 3DS eShop launch on June 6th.
That is terrible.
And they haven't really said yet when it's going to be released.
But I guess you have to wait.
And this is for that demo, basically, of the potential Mega Man Legends 3 game that might
come out should enough people pay to get this demo concept of what it could possibly be.
Yeah, that's a big ol' fuck you to Capcom.
I'm sorry.
Oh well, you know, we may make this game, but you have to pay for this demo and we may.
We'll see.
To be honest, I'll probably buy it anyway.
As long as, okay, here's my little stipulation.
I guess we won't really know because of course we're not going to get told, but my wish is
as long as the game I'm not buying here in the DS shop ends up being a part of the actual
full game.
Like I do not want to be paying for what will be the first two chapters of the retail release.
Like a side story or a leading into game, those are fine.
Like a case zero is perfectly acceptable.
That's fine.
But I don't want something that's just going to end up being like the first chapter of
the game.
I, you know, Capcom was also behind the Dead Rising case zero, which was actually a pretty
cool little idea.
So my hope is they're going to get this one right too, but I'm not going to hold my breath.
L.A. Noire is a game that a lot of people are talking about this week and it's a very
kind of different sort of rock star game from what I understand.
People are going into it expecting 1940s Grand Theft Auto.
That's not quite what they're getting, but the game seems to be pretty well received
unless you're one of these people that are affected by the overheating.
Apparently firmware 3.61 on the PlayStation 3 is causing certain Sony consoles to overheat
when playing L.A. Noire.
This is according to Rockstar's own customer support.
Quote, we have received some reports of PlayStation 3's overheating while playing L.A. Noire or
beeping three times before shutting down and turning themselves off, mostly on older 60
and 80 gig fat models.
Oh shit, I have one of these models.
Primary reports seem to be that updating to firmware 3.61 will cause PlayStations to overheat.
There have been various reports of this on a few different games now, all reporting their
PlayStation 3's turning off or red lighting after having installed 3.61.
Yikes.
Well now, if you're an Xbox fan boy pointing and laughing and kicking Sony while they're
down, hold it.
Because guess what?
Apparently the Xbox 360 version is locking up as well.
According to a poster on the Xbox.com forums, quote, it's been freezing since the first
mission.
Now I'm about four in and it won't stop freezing.
Rockstar has advised that folks, quote, clear the 360 cache.
So there are reported instances that Microsoft's system is having issues with this as well.
So Rockstar, you know, of course was blaming Sony originally, but now that the Xbox stuff
is coming to light, they've changed a little bit.
Here's their latest statement, quote, we've received a very small number of customer support
questions about PS3s overheating or shutting down while playing LA Noire.
At this time, Rockstar Games and Sony can confirm that neither LA Noire or firmware
update 3.61 are causing the PS3 hardware to overheat.
We are both committed to working hard to find solutions to this and any issues that may
arise.
Well, if that isn't the vaguest fucking thing I've ever heard, it's not the game and it's
not the system.
And there's really nothing else between that that would cause your system to overheat.
It's just you is really what I'm hearing in that statement.
It's not the system and it's not the game.
It's just you.
It's not me, it's you.
I mean, what the fuck kind of press release is that?
Why not say we recognize the problem and we are working on a solution?
Oh, my God.
How hard was that?
Very hard.
Not like Sony hasn't got bigger problems right now.
This is more just that corporate bullshit.
Like stop it.
Just be real with the consumers.
We see through your crap.
Yes.
We need to go back into a time when gaming wasn't so full of such asshattery and bullshit.
And it's a segment we call the classic game of the week, where we turn back the clock,
take a stroll down memory lane and find a classic game in the archives.
The Dark Sakura says, hey, listen up, brats.
You should be playing this game or I'll set your PlayStation 3 on fire myself.
You won't even need L anymore.
I'll have my engineers invent combustible lemons that'll burn your PS3 down.
There you go.
What is the classic game of the week, Dark Sakura?
Mother.
Mother is, well, as we all know, is the precursor to Mother 2, which came out over here as Earthbound.
Now this was, it came out on the Famicon and it came out in, I'm trying to find the year
and it doesn't list the year on here.
1989.
Yeah, 1989.
Sorry.
And it was actually, it was published by Nintendo.
It was produced by Miyamoto and written by Shigesato Itoi.
So has some fantastic names behind it.
It was developed by Ape and Panexsoftica and Nintendo Tokyo.
At any rate, it was an RPG.
It never had a release outside of Japan, although it was initially supposed to be released.
They had already started localizing it to be the first Earthbound.
And basically that's also when the SNES was coming out.
And so they decided to use Mother 2 instead.
They localized that.
So there is an official localized prototype of the game and that was actually put out
by Demiforce.
They used the ROM data that was from the prototype and it's being put out as Earthbound Zero.
And that actually made it out in 1998.
The game itself has field maps and a battle system.
It doesn't use, it doesn't use an overworld map.
It just basically, sorry, my throat's getting messed up.
Basically you can go around and talk to other NPCs, you can buy equipment, items.
You can, you know, stay in hotels, you can go to other buildings.
And in the, if you use a telephone, you can actually, your character can talk to Daddy
who gives you money.
And he saves your progress.
The main character's name is Ninten by the way, I thought that's funny.
So when you are on the field map, because like I said it doesn't have an overworld map
just as field maps, you will be attacked by enemies and then you go into battle mode where
it's a first person view.
And you attack the creature or whatever, like a lamp, through the different menu system
commands and you have different actions for different characters.
And you also can do different moves in order that are based on the character's speed statistics.
And you also of course get experience and level up that way.
And if you lose all of your hit points, then you go to the hospital and you have to pay
to revive your characters.
And if every character dies, you don't lose your progress, but you go back to the last
area that you saved at with only Ninten alive and half of your money.
So that's kind of crappy, huh?
So at any rate.
That's harsh.
That sounds harder than the pirated version of Earthbound where it would delete your own
saved game when you got to the last boss, remember that?
Yeah.
Oh, after doubling the difficulty?
At any rate, the game talks about a married couple in America who vanished after a dark
shadow covered their town.
Two years later, George, the husband, returns mysteriously and then he starts studying in
complete seclusion and his wife Maria is never heard from again.
So you fast forward to 1988 where there's a 12 year old boy named Ninten who is attacked
by a paranormal event.
And actually he looks a lot like Ness.
Of course, Ness was the one in Earthbound.
So he's got psychic powers and he likes penguins, Rob.
Smart kid.
He likes penguins.
So at any rate, he finds out that an invading race is, an alien race is, you know, invading
and so they go to the world of Magicant where the ruler there, Queen Mary, asks Ninten to
find her a song called the Eight Melodies and play it to her.
Play all the songs to her.
So he meets up with a dude named Lloyd and a girl named Ana and she dreamed about him.
Ooh.
So that's the start of the game and you keep, you know, going through and you duel some
dude named Teddy and you have to, it's actually funny because you have to, the Queen tells
you about an alien named, I'm hoping that I'm pronouncing this right, but I think it's
Gigu, that's spelled G-Y-I-Y-G or something, but it's Gigu, which is actually the same
way it was initially romanized for Earthbound in the unreleased translation.
So it pretty much, you know, more fun going saving the universe and the game actually
did get a re-release in 2003 with Mother 2 and the tagline was no crying until the end
and a guaranteed masterpiece.
So it was actually designed by a Japanese copywriter and television personality Shigesato
Itoi and the inspiration for the game was from John Lennon's song Mother and he also
wanted the game to have a name that wasn't game-like.
I didn't know that part, that's interesting.
And I like this quote here, it said that the last parts of Mother were not tested for bugs
and balance issues and when talking about it at a promotional event he humorously stated
when we got to fine-tuning the difficulty there I was like whatever.
So yeah there's a lot of people and I've started playing it a while back but never really got
too much further into it who says this is a game that you have to grind and grind and
grind and grind to get through.
So at any rate, like I said it was going to be put out in the US as Earthbound, actually
two words, Earthbound.
And the localization was finished in 1990 but the release kept getting pushed back into
fall of 1991 and then it got put on hold.
So the guy who was the producer and script writer, Phil Sandhop, he said and I'm quoting
once the NES squatted in the pipeline and shoved the game aside from its appointed time
I believe that the marketing execs just decided that the game would be too expensive to produce
and unsuccessful without marketing and that's why it fell into oblivion.
They were doing a lot of stuff in localization which was removing blood from enemy sprites
which was a censorship thing they had at the time and they were going to extend the game's
ending.
So at any rate, Demiforce, as I mentioned before, found a beta cartridge on the internet
and they collected enough money to buy the game.
I remember when that happened, I was in college and that was all going on.
And so they actually had to do modified versions with the copy protection disabled and renamed
it Earthbound Zero so that it could separate it from Earthbound.
And they actually put everything out, I mean I thought it was neat that they bought the
rights to do it so that was pretty cool.
The music in it was done by Keiichi Suzuki and Hirokazu Tanaka and it was actually released
on CD and cassette by Sony on August 21st, 1989 and it had 11 tracks and 7 of them are
vocal remakes.
So it's got the 8 melodies on there, one called Pollyanna and actually on February 18th, 2004
the soundtrack was re-released, digitally remastered and songs from it appear in Earthbound,
Mother 3, Super Smash Bros Melee and Super Smash Bros Brawl.
So there's actually some pretty big names that were included with the CD, including
the St. Paul's Cathedral Choir.
It sold 400,000 copies in Japan and in two pulls by Famitsu it was the 9th best game
for the Famicon and the 38th best game of all time.
It was the 4th most wanted virtual console game in June 2008 according to Nintendo Power
and moved up to the 2nd most wanted.
So it was called Dark and Mature and that's the game.
Alright, your classic game of the week, Mother or Earthbound Zero, the original that most
folks in the US have never seen.
Yep.
Alright.
Good pick, that's a great series and you know that series had a lot of rabid fans.
It does seem ridiculous that Nintendo really just kind of let it die.
I mean, I think I get some of the reasons behind it but I don't know, it was a pretty
cute little RPG franchise that Nintendo had and it's just kind of a bummer that they couldn't
work around some of that.
Like I understand maybe why things can't be re-released but it's a bummer they can't,
you know, get that, you know, the same kind of like concept and the whole modern RPG thing
and kind of make it work with the new game but maybe some things are just left better
as classics.
Anyhow, we're going to go ahead and use this opportunity to take a break but don't go anywhere
guys.
We'll be right back with plenty more of Orange Lounge Radio right after a break.
Coming up after the break, we've got stories about Portal 2.
Apparently, some folks find that game highly offensive when we're talking about who and
why in a little while.
Some other Portal 2 news and E3 news already starting to come in, how you can actually
go to one of the press conferences.
We're going to talk a little bit about that when we come back after a quick break with
more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live on this Sunday, May the 22nd of 2011 with the 414th episode of our show.
We're on into part B tonight.
We're going to get into some rapid fire news and your Twitter topics at twitter.com
slash O-L-R. We're going to get into those in just a minute but first some quick plugs
for some other projects that we do which we actually referenced already at the top of
the show but we're going to sell them again because you know what?
We don't really advertise anything on this show except our other shows.
So here's your commercial.
Darcyra what's your show?
Comic Insanity which is at Infamous.net N-F-A-M-O-U-S dot net and we talk about comics but we also
have a new segment where we talk about a classic comic of the week and we also have what Shadow
calls the random encounter which is talking about an old RPG.
Classic RPG so.
Very cool.
Throwing a little video game spin in your comic show.
A little bit.
You're trying to leave us aren't you?
No never never never never never.
This is my big baby.
Your big nine year old crying bratty baby that says shit a lot.
Yes.
I'm going to have to wash its mouth out with some lye soap.
But anyway.
But yeah we talk comics and it's me and Mari and Marvel and Dan Shadow and we're awesome!
Listen to us we go live every Tuesday.
Alright.
If you like the wow chat that we do at the top of the show sometimes during our gaming
weeks there's a whole other show I have with my buddy Extover all about the World of Warcraft
it's called The Best Little Horde House in Azeroth www.hordehouse.com and I promise you
this week actually well the show that's on the feed right now because we tape Thursdays
and we post Thursdays night the show that's on the feed right now is the one with Dark
Soccer on it so it's a great episode.
Yep.
I promise on this week's show there's going to be a shocking revelation that I'm going
to get tons of shit for.
It's going to be a hatin' on Rob episode.
Guess what?
What?
Also I was in my pajamas the entire time it was awesome.
Awesome.
So hordehouse.com if you want more information like that.
No I have not quit WoW and I have not resigned my account so get those thoughts out of your
head.
I always threaten to do it whenever Blizzard does something it pisses me off but I have
yet to so it's not that.
Alright anyhow let's get into some rapid fire news and then we'll get into the Twitter topics
after that.
Some quick stories that we want to throw at you although we don't have a whole lot of
time to discuss them.
Loki.
Ah yes.
No More Heroes Heroes Paradise is coming August 16th to North American regions.
It's basically the port of No More Heroes Red Zone that's coming out in Japan.
Basically No More Heroes HD graphics with the move support and also you can play it
non move as well with some additional bosses I guess from No More Heroes 2.
So that's pretty awesome if you want to check that out it's coming out August 16th on PlayStation
3.
Maybe a new Carmageddon being announced at E3 this year coming from Square Enix apparently
they have a countdown on the Carmageddon.com website and it is counting down to June 1st
so maybe an announcement.
It's so weird because when I think of Squeenix I don't think of Carmageddon I think of role
playing games and dudes with big hair but I keep forgetting oh yeah they have Eidos
now and that's where the Tomb Raider comes from and all that other stuff so it's interesting.
And then finally if you have a homebrew enabled PSP there's some pretty cool stuff you can
do with that including the PSP 3D plugin version 2.0 it's been released it enables 3D for select
PSP games and this is of course the old school cyan red glasses that you can wear and you
can actually play quite a few games in 3D they just added support for Crisis Core, God
Eater Burst, FIFA 11, and the third birthday.
And there's a pretty extensive list of games that actually are supported by Despicable
Me, Piscate, Ridge Racer 2, Ratchet and Clank Size Matters, Grip Shift, lots of big titles
Dead to the Right's Reckoning, Star Wars Battlefront Elite Squadron so a little bit of a mix of
everything including Eye of Judgment Legends still won't sell them all the copies.
Going to our chatroom at chat.orangelandradio.com Dungeon Buster says Carmageddon was so fun
and Amiga777 says Carmageddon was Eidos' baby no not necessarily it's just that when I think
of Squeenix I don't really think of Carmageddon I think of like role playing games and stuff
and I realize they've done some other stuff throughout their history that wasn't quite
like that but I just I don't know I think of the other stuff but then Eidos is you know
kind of the company that was a little more you know America developed games and UK developed
games and stuff and not so heavy on the Japanese influence until now these two companies have
come together so it's just interesting that's all.
Alright moving on speaking of Final Fantasy and Squeenix Final Fantasy Tactics is going
to be coming to the iPhone in late June mid-July and then it will be on the iPad after that
this of course is the PlayStation update if you will of Final Fantasy Tactics although
I don't know to be honest if the other Squeenix IOS games are anything to go by they really
have kind of souped up the games quite a bit so I don't think this is going to be just
a port it sounds like there'll be some extra stuff in this now what's interesting about
this the game was originally supposed to come out at Spring 2011 it was announced at last
year's E3 so here we are a year later and still no game so I don't know if that's just
they had a lot of paint to polish on it or maybe they decided to do more with it than
they had originally who knows but the iPad version of the game will come out a little
bit later than the iPhone version this is because of the higher resolution Square does
say one thing they are doing redoing some of the artwork for the higher resolution so
that's pretty awesome actually so take a look at that.
Alan Wake is apparently getting a new game on Xbox Live Arcade it's not quite what you
think it's not like a sequel or anything but it's a game called Alan Wake's Night Springs
this is a rumor right now it's nothing that's been confirmed but this makes a lot of sense
Alan Wake was a pretty awesome game but unfortunately came out at kind of a bad time and got really
overlooked by a lot of people but it has its fans so Xbox Live Arcade seems to be a good
place to kind of feel out maybe a real sequel but here's the deal Alan Wake's Night Springs
if you've played Alan Wake Night Springs is kind of the show within the show Alan Wake
really reminds me of Twin Peaks but as a video and when I say Twin Peaks like the old show
from 1990 with Kyle MacLachlan and David Lynch was the guy behind it right who killed Laura
Palmer Alan Wake kind of really reminds me of that a lot and Twin Peaks had a show within
a show it was called like Ticket to Love or something like that was like the soap opera
within the show that would explain some of the things that are actually going on well
Alan Wake has something just like that Night Springs so I guess that show within a game
is getting a spinoff that's kind of neat I guess so they have a show within a show it
is not Alan Wake 2 it is not more download content for the first game so whatever this
is it is something new so that's pretty cool coming from Capcom we've talked about Monster
Hunter on the PS3 but now Monster Hunter Dynamic Hunting is coming to the iOS systems Capcom
did announce it for June Monster Hunter Dynamic Hunting it's coming out for the iOS devices
a new intuitive control system it will not use the typical d-pad hooray because I hate
d-pad translations on the iPhone because there is no d-pad on the iPhone so that'll be kind
of cool you can use horizontal slashes and vertical slashes kind of a whole different
little way of doing it probably more information to come at E3 so there you go
well how about some Rock Band news too there's some Lady Gaga Rob on this new download content
pack is going to be Lady Gaga pack 02 Born This Way Love Game and Paparazzi and there's
also a couple of excuse me I need to burp on the mic there also will be a pro guitar
upgrade for Alice in Chains Roosters and the White Stripes Dead Leaves in the Dirty Ground
and two individual songs that are by Foreigner Hot-Blooded and Urgent so those are in there
and then there is Super Street Fighter IV I just I always love an excuse to be able
to play Lady Gaga on the show come on Dark Soccer sing along let's hear the voice don't
be afraid of your voice Dark Soccer you were born this way baby later I'm not drunk yet
Super Street Fighter IV Arcade Edition is going to be coming to Steam and they had some
issues with bringing it out for the PC but now it's going to be on Steam and it will
be 40 bucks there are pre-orders available too and there's not going to be though any
download content for Super Street Fighter Super Vanilla Street Fighter IV I should say
but the game will have a 10% discount on for the Super Arcade Edition bringing it down
to 36 bucks yay and the last of my batch of news is Dynasty Warriors Gundam 3 has a release
date that's in Europe by the way it will be on July 1st so it's basically all the mobile
suits you have 50 playable and upgradeable characters 70 playable and upgradeable mecha
or the mobile suits I should say including the mobile suit Gundam 00 and mobile suit
Gundam you see you also have three new gameplay systems that are partner strike emergency
dash and recovery gauge so there you go gundam gundam so I hate to bring it back to Lady
Gaga no you don't know this is an important question it's very important and I apologize
to the haters out there as well but this is actually related to technology did you see
the commercial for Google Chrome with her in it I don't watch TV Rob no well it's on
the internets it's all over YouTube I'll look on YouTube then yeah you should check it out
because Google Chrome does great commercials like and if you're not like a Lady Gaga fan
then go look at the one for the it gets better the commercial they did for like Dan Savage
and it gets better and how that whole movement was done on the internet like they've like
compressed the feeling of that movement into like a minute and it's just like I mean I
get a little verklempt it's it's great and then there's another Google Chrome commercial
for I love how you're totally using Yiddish now I know talk amongst yourselves amongst
yourselves I'll give you a topic Lady Gaga neither Gaga nor a lady if certain rumors
are to be believed that was great all right but yeah no like the and there's a Google
Chrome commercial for it's like a guy who and you keep seeing the search box fill in
with these different terms like how to speak French plane ticket to Paris and it's like
the whole thing is about like a long-distance relationship and how Google like helps them
like what is a truffle it's really adorable and like oh my god Google Chrome is a good
you know what I used it I upgraded to Firefox 4 and my personal opinion is that it's absolute
and utter fucking shit like it is slowed down my computer certain websites work to fire
Instagram Firefox 4 is shit Firefox 4 hasn't done anything Firefox 3 is fine I was a huge
Firefox fan and supporter up until version 4 which is crap I have switched to Chrome
I will now never look back because I I did Chrome in the very beginning and I was like
this is kind of crap but now Chrome is great see none of my stuff none of my stuff's been
worked with the upgrade I still use my fire FTP I use everything but anyway well by the
way since we did talk about Lady Gaga's involvement do you know that George Takei has a video
out now oh the it's okay to be Takei it's okay to be Takei well that whole law in what
is it wherever but fuck place it is haha lol not anymore it's it's stupid but if you haven't
heard of this oh no no the commercials great no and I love George Takei oh my god I want
him to be when I'm old I want to be like George Takei I've decided that I want him to be my
gay daddy for real me too he should be all of our gay daddies I know and then whenever
we don't you want George Takei as your gay daddy no and then when we do something and
then when we're naughty he goes oh my you've been naughty oh god him and Betty White I
know any comedy don't George Takei and Betty White need a buddy yes they do oh my god that
would be I would be their opening day but you know what you know what I thought was
really hot and I hate that it was for such a bad thing but I totally squeaked and had
a fangirl moment what when he was doing the the thing asking for donations for the the
flooding in Japan and he was speaking Japanese and I was like I love listening to Japanese
spoken in a really hot voice mm-hmm and I was just like be my daddy and he really does
have just like a sexy voice especially considering his age he always has had God he has a voice
that could melt like he has a voice that can you hear his voice and your panties come off
right I'm getting a look I'm trying to think of what a super dense metal is it's hard to
melt because he could melt it he could make steam out of it anyway how do we get on this
subject oh yeah and that Kentucky law total bullshit come on but it's okay to be decay
I want the mug because a little Star Trek emblem on it all in rainbow I didn't even
see that I kind of it's my birthday's coming up just saying the website is it's okay to
be decay dot org or dot-com or something anyway we got on a tangent sorry about tangent rain
and look he's like I'm doing other stuff you know what though I am on to something with
the George Takei Betty White buddy comedy I mean I think a lot of our listeners would
see I mean it doesn't you know what I'm gonna go on Twitter right now and ask him would
you do a buddy comedy with Betty White you absolutely should I'm doing it because it's
it's you know it's okay to love George Takei cuz he was born this way whether gay straight
or bi lesbian transgender or I forget it don't forget about the asexual people to totally
miss my reference that's probably a good thing I know let's move on with the Twitter topics
for tonight twitter.com slash o l r tweet tweet tweet I'm actually being rude and I'm
like totally ignoring chat comments right now sorry chatters I was just I was really
into the whole George and Betty buddy comedy talk kaijuto in the chat room says George
and Betty should have a podcast absolutely they should let's see Tiger Claw says George
Takei may be best known for Star Trek but he made a contribution to Star Wars doing
a voice for an episode of the Clone Wars I didn't know that Bob Coffey says I wanted
powers to be that be to make that Sulu Excelsior series happen it would have been win I love
the George Takei is like involved with the Star Trek fandom the way he is like he just
gets it he's just awesome all right moving on Twitter topics doo doo doo doo doo doo
let's go to the first Twitter topic tonight this is from and I'm horribly gonna mispronounce
this name and I apologize I'm in advance but it's Ramaditya Knight senses his first tweet
it's me playing Scars of Time with my flute and we're linked to a youtubey and this better
not be a rickroll all right it's not phew all right let's see let's uh let's play a
little clip of this I want to see one of our listeners playing Scars of Time on the flute
let me fast forward a little bit here not bad now this is not like a sideways flute
it's like a pan flute no he's playing on the tin whistle it's very authentic yeah I don't
know what the setup is for this video it looks like there's like he's in a classroom or something
because there's some lady holding the mic there and this camera person is making me
dizzy they just turned the thing sideways very good I love that theme oh god that's
a great video game song like if you don't know Scars of Time you need to pause this
podcast and go on to YouTube and either look at this guy's rendition or go just find the
original song like ASAP anyhow moving on to some other tweets here from sj100 Matt I heard
about this earlier in the week too let's see what you guys think of this you know what
sucks up the most internet bandwidth in the US sorry did you hear this story let me have
you guess what do you think takes up the most internet bandwidth of anything look yeah I'm
assuming you heard this one okay so dark soccer since she didn't read it with all of the hype
I would say illegal downloads that's a really good guess actually probably what about that
what legal thing do you think takes up the most bandwidth like if there's one particular
site is eating up more bandwidth than anybody else who do you think it is YouTube good both
good guesses but actually the most bandwidth in the US is Netflix on video game consoles
right now huh yeah and it makes sense because you know Facebook is mostly text and pictures
yeah whereas Netflix you know it's kind of a trick question Facebook's probably getting
the most hits I was thinking YouTube but Netflix is HD movies right yeah so yeah it's a little
bit of a trick question but yeah sj100 Matt links us to an article about the Netflix is
the top user of bandwidth on the internet nearly 20% of peak hour downstream traffic
in North America is used for streaming video over Netflix through a home video game console
representing the most usage of any source that's a testament to how fast this whole
technology in the game console stuff picked on and you know game consoles are selling
for the mere fact that you can use them as instant Netflix boxes don't don't lie to yourself
that this isn't a selling point for a lot of 360s and PlayStations and wheeze of excuse
me hiccups are killer and wheeze of the world you know Nintendo really had to get on with
Netflix with the whole Wii and I'm sure their next console will be on it as well so the
three game consoles that support Netflix the Wii Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 accounted for
the majority of that usage when combined consoles accounted for sixty six point three percent
of the figure or nineteen point seven percent of overall downstream usage that's crazy there
you go and no amiga it's not porn that is taking up the most bandwidth that's a really
good guess though let's see moving on to some other tweets DJ Rama S tweets us and says
hey if you go to www.freeplayday.com you can get a free ten dollar play at Dave and Busters
boy I just I just did a total commercial for some website if that wasn't Rama S and I knew
he's like a legitimate person I would have thought that was you know what I've gotten
like five ten dollar off coupons from Dave and Busters just by being in their little
club thing so they they throw it out because they know you're gonna spend their money now
I'm gonna tell you my fucking bitch about Dave and Busters and this pisses me off pisses
me off I've been a member of Dave and Busters my little card there ever since I started
playing DDR and went to the Milpitas Great Mall for the first time literally ten years
ago literally ten years ago maybe nine was the first time I ever went to a Dave and Busters
and I've had the same card same card ever since then and it has given me problems when
I went to Times Square once I went to an OLR lunch with some of the OLR listeners like
Zaku Rama some people you've heard call into the show before went to lunch with them and
some others and they saw my card get borked by the system because I didn't roam it so
I had to get it saved and then it happened when I came back so long story short I've
used the same card for ten years now Dave and Busters has this program where once you
spend a certain amount of chips you go gold I went gold without ever having a Dave and
Busters in Roseville finally just about like three months ago now the Dave Busters is in
Roseville so I go gold and what happens they discontinue the program one month later you
find this out on my birthday I found this out on Dark Soccer's birthday when I was like
oh can I get because my card once again borked because I used it at a different Dave and
Busters well they fix it so you know good on their customer service they always fix
the issue so fine you know I'm not mad at them for that I'm mad that they got rid of
the gold program because now it's like oh well we have this new thing now where you
get the coupons it's like I don't want to go on Wednesday night wah yeah this is serious
business that used to be mine and Dan's date night until I had classes on Wednesday no
I'll take Dan Dan and I can have date night at Dave and Busters but I don't have classes
on Wednesday night anymore okay so I have to get up at 8 30 in the freaking morning
on Monday and Wednesday to go to astronomy which I don't need astronomy but uh don't
get me started you don't want to go look at the planets I have no need for astronomy as
what's your major graphic design and I'll already have I have my to know how to draw
lines my degree will be here in like a few weeks I am officially a graduate uh I saw
a letter seven degrees saying sorry you need some astronomy all right let me go to a couple
tweets from Tiger Claw Tiger Claw is funny because uh he tweeted us a couple things I'm
like dude you tweeted us stuff that's gonna come up later in the show so he tweeted like
seven things but you only get two Tiger Claw but I'll read these these are the ones that
caught my eye harmonix is announcing a new game at e3 we'll file this between done of
course but I mean it's official harmonix is going to announce something new at e3 what
does go between done of course Dance Central 2 apparently is going to go between those
two uh I'm wondering if there is actually like something else with this as well they
have said it is not Rock Band 4 that is confirmed uh and apparently uh there was an interview
with Game Informer saying quote rest assured that harmonix is still developing new ideas
and concepts to advance the Rock Band franchise and we look forward to sharing them when the
time is right I don't think harmonix is all about Dance Central necessarily I think there'll
be something new from them I kind of hope it's a dj oh god I hope it's a dj game too
I I really I think they should be awesome if Konami refuses then you know what when
they fall asleep at the wheel as they always have with their series that could do great
here uh then you know what let harmonix do it better for real uh one other one I'm gonna
read here uh Ellie Noire we were talking about earlier in the show it is banned if you live
in the UAE so uh yep there it is United Arab Emirates uh the game magazine there the retail
I'm sorry the retail chain geekay geekay games I keep reading it as geeky games uh updated
their Facebook saying LA Noire has been banned yep the UAE the United Arab Emirates their
national media council they didn't say why they've banned the game but they've banned
it it probably has something to do with dead woman beaver I'm just taking a speculation
just guessing dead animals are nothing to you know dead animals are nothing to ban a
video game about is it Winona's brown beaver I don't think her name's Winona uh anyhow
maybe it is I don't know I haven't played LA Noire yet alright that does it for twitter
topics twitter.com slash olr if you want to send your shit early for next week let's move
on I just outed myself as a primus fan moving on Loki let's get into some other news yes
um so this is kind of I don't know typical of certain companies uh Zynga once again has
another lawsuit on their hands thanks to their game frontierville which has kind of borrowed
like some ideas from certain games like Oregon Trail in fact on May 30th they they're planning
to launch the Oregon Trail expansion pack uh which basically allows you to go along
the Oregon Trail hunt um you know fording rivers etc um and of course the learning company
the people that hold the rights to the Oregon Trail they're none too happy about the fact
that Zynga's basically ripping off of their game and uh you know even calling it you know
the Oregon Trail expansion I mean granted yes the Oregon Trail is a real thing but it's
also very very very very similar to the Oregon Trail game usually I would go off on a tangent
right now about frivolous lawsuits etc etc but you know it's Zynga and I'm just kind
of like eh let him I watch the trailer and that damn thing is you know if not a really
lame version of the Oregon Trail that you would see on Facebook it is basically everything
that's part of the Oregon Trail yeah I realize the Oregon Trail is like a historic thing
but the other tricky thing about it is that Oregon Trail is actually on Facebook as a
game right now so uh Black Wolf in our chat room says unpopular opinion the actual trail
was called the Oregon Trail I doubt they have the rights to everything related to that historical
event uh no it's not as unpopular opinion it's true it's just I don't know like I just
I can't like there's so many other game companies that need to be advocated for that I don't
feel the need to save Zynga right now you know what I mean like sorry I want to look
at this trail or how'd it do hopefully I don't get sued because I said trail I want to look
at this trailer real fast here it's time to load up your connoisseur wagon and set off
on the whole down trail all you need is a few of your closest friends to join up as
your crew you'll need a hunter to rustle up vittles and a carpenter for fixing the wagon
and such like and a doctor in case folks come down with the rocky mountain scoots you can
leave messages and fancy presents for your friends so they'll want to visit your expedition
every day okay I gotta be honest this really does look like the Facebook game the Oregon
Trail Facebook game like especially with the hunting thing and the whole fact how you invite
your friends to go on the trail with you like I I think um they have a point actually I
I really can't help Zynga on this one actually sorry I'm sorry seeing video of any Zynga
game being played makes me hate Facebook like I have hatred of Facebook you know thanks
to Zynga it's like invite your friends I fucking hate when people invite me to shit you know
what I do with people that invite me to shit I ignore it and perhaps block you from sending
me invites for shit I will not play Facebook games period except for the one time I played
Chuck Stucks to get the trick you guys would be impressed I didn't even play Gagaville
I didn't play it I'm sorry okay you know she here we go hold out revving the motor she's
sold out I mean come on you're teaming up with you know Zynga for shit I don't give
a shit if they donated money to you know some stupid you know to the tsunami stuff but they
donated it through you or you donate it through them big deal you know what I just think it's
retarded that you're granted it's smart to market yourself as unicorns Rob I think I
know but I'm not gonna play it I am not gonna play it and look you hit the nail on the head
it was smart because it's going after the target audience and I don't mean to sound
like a sexist but it's a bunch of women playing Farmville and that's goo gaga a lot of Gaga's
music appeals to most of most not all most of the Gaga haters are straight men like it's
just I did however fine don't get me wrong screen capture Madonna back in the day did
some really weird shit okay she was really weird she sold her soul to Pepsi and then
they just they just fucked her over after that whole like a prayer thing but Gaga is
like you know Madonna to 11 it's just seriously she's fucking no she is she's actually more
more like Marilyn Manson than she is Madonna she's just fucking crazy and you know what
happened to Marilyn Manson people stop caring and that's what's gonna happen the Lady Gaga's
people are gonna stop fucking caring because you know what I gotta admit her I'll never
stop I love her her early music was okay but each song comes out after that I care less
and less about like she starts making up stuff now yeah anybody can use spout out non words
you know in a song I mean that that's easy to do but it's just I don't get it like for
example born this way totally sounds like an anthem you know a gay anthem or something
like that that she you know crafted on purpose so that it gets played in gay clubs make sure
that she has you know the gay demographic you know that's all it is it's seriously it's
just figuring out how to you know achieve you know the most listeners now I did find
actually one interesting marketing thing that she did where they were giving away a can
of monster fuel now I have to ask this since you talk about how like Gaga's music gets
weirder and weirder and I really hope I don't get screwed by clicking on random YouTube
links but have you heard that Lady Gaga has a new song on her album called Shiza which
is German for shit so she literally has a song called shit on her new album let me play
a little bit for you now that isn't weird at all except like it wait wait wait keep
playing that for a second there it sounded like another Loki made me play Gaga you guys
he made me you know what whoever whoever did this thing should have used the the shit instead
of the instead of the B yeah no I was that's a yeah I'm serious if that picture right there
doesn't make her look like a Satan blow-up doll I don't know what you know what to say
I mean she was like she was on American Idol the other week as a mentor which is just like
okay whatever you mad no I'm not mad I'm just like I just rolled my eyes it's like she's
like okay oh it's my time on camera I'm gonna say something crazy crazy and it's like you
know there's okay that wasn't really helpful at all but thanks you know I don't know what
the hell she was wearing but it was something retarded it's like I'm not gonna stand for
such Gaga hating on this program roll she's a genius oh she's a saint please she a genius
she's a genius she's an absolute look we're talking about her on a fucking video game
podcast as as an almost bought all this crap hook line and say no as an almost genius I
take offense to that I'm sorry you know I fucking knew this was gonna happen this is
a fucking mistake revoke his Mensa membership immediately no seriously she's not a fucking
genius she's good at marketing okay you know what there are people that are in the magazine
business that are good at marketing Steve Jobs is good at marketing but he's not fucking
well okay he is fucking crazy but he's not fucking quick overtly fucking crazy you know
I whatever you know what she's a fad she'll go away it's what's gonna happen Donna never
went away neither was sure oh yeah Madonna never went away she showed everyone what the
character looks like she went away same with Cher Cher they both got Cher turned 65 this
week shares eligible for Medicare feeling old she she'll go away I don't even care
SSU 100 man chat says fact there will be a Gaga video game sometime in her lifetime God
I know I got there already is I mean this is Gaga Ville I guess anyway and we've all
seen her couch all right it looks like she wearing it on her face because I swear to
God you know sometimes I wonder that she's just relocated her vagina to her face I mean
it would get from the fucking Oregon Trail the Lady Gaga's vagina on her face that's
what I want Zinga there you go I bet you anything that's going to be the next album cover is
her with a vajay face it will be her coming out of her own vagina that'll be the Elmar
right there she'll be coming out of her own vagina she's like I'll be born actually you
need to see last night's I swear this will be the end of it guys you need to see last
night's Saturday Night Live performance because she was on Saturday Night Live and she did
Born This Way her song and what she did during the performance she actually got pregnant
and gave birth live on stage to a bunch of glitter during the performance it was an art
piece and it was brilliant it was brilliant I was moved if that's an art by the way and
when this is the last of the Gaga for me you know what she did to everybody who's coming
out in line she bought them dinner and donuts and coffee and signed autographs and took
pictures with people waiting in line yeah because she genuinely likes her fans well
I'm glad that she genuinely likes her fans but you know what I'm sorry that still doesn't
make you a fucking whore and you know and if you if you call what that she did on stage
art then I'm sorry a peep show is fucking art then and you know what there's more peep
shows out there than there are Gaga so I guess we have that to be thankful I don't I don't
hate on peep shows that's one thing you'll never hear me ranting about on this program
Loki I would never touch your sacred pornography collection I would never there's nothing sacred
about that all right whatever I'm done can we get back to video games let's all right
this is very important look we need to go from Lady Gaga talking about very important
video game news such as this cat food maker friskies has released I point iPad and Android
games for your cat this is why we have to talk about tasty treasures party mix-up and
catfishing iPad games for your cat an iPad pussy play with you okay you know I watched
a little video and it is super adorable I would get this for Shermy if I had an iPad
and she didn't have pause oh my god this looks so cute your little pet can touch the food
and it splits up that actually is really cute there's the fishy one is great that's tasty
treasures on here all it is is random shit flying on the screen and the cat just goes
meow meow meow meow meow it's like like it's playing whack-a-mole and they they they burst
this is it catfishing which is like the little koi app on the iPhone now salacious pop my
significant other in chat room says I am NOT buying maruko our cat an iPad fuck that and
to that I'm saying no no no you're not buying maruko an iPad you're buying me an iPad and
maybe I'll let your cat play with it my birthday is June 26 just saying it's okay I'm getting
you a TK mug no but all seriousness what do you think I mean there's a lot to laugh at
here when you're talking about kitties playing games on the iPad but at the same time it's
oddly fucking fascinating that like we are now to the point where we're making video
games for the cats they're free right um I would hope so because they're kind of commercial
games let's see the games do keep score and your cats can compete to see you as the best
reaction don't give a shit boy oh boy my cat gives a shit all over the floor actually I'm
not sure if they're free or not I can't see they can't they can't be more than a dollar
I'm sure they're not more than they're probably free because given the simplicity of the games
are probably free see look sure me is not sleeping anymore she's looking up and listening
that's right sure means like fuck yeah mommy I want that well mommy wants an iPad baby
so you have to wait tell daddy that she only wants an iPad so she can shit on it that's
what your cat will do no your cat will be like what's this game sure me do you just
want to shit on everything if I could show you a picture sometimes this is terrible radio
but the cat is like smelling the microphone going what is this it smells like mommy it
smells like mommy's spaghetti because mommy had spaghetti tiger claw in our chat room
asks how long till they make games for dogs or ferrets um Byron D0 said something even
funnier what's that Rorschach and Deadpool because they played the same music that they
played in part of that slashes pop in our chat room says this is a game for people who
make their cats real Facebook pages and then comment with meow meow on their IRL profile
with coworkers and shit on them oh my god those are the people that creep me the crap
out on Facebook when they do that for their pets and their babies your baby can't speak
and if your baby can speak it's not anything intelligible by most people your baby doesn't
need a Facebook your cat doesn't need a Facebook your dog doesn't need a Facebook your children
probably even if they're up to seven years old don't need a Facebook maybe the baby hit
random buttons and autocorrect things everything he's got a point you know what these iPad
games I bet would be really good for babies to have proven though that a two-year-old
can operate an iPhone oh I'm sure text and make calls I brought you know what not to
make myself sound like you or whatever I probably could have when I was younger I had a Commodore
64 when I was five and I knew what I was doing with it I mean for the most part I was typing
up stuff from the back of the book like that was me programming was typing programs in
from the back of the book but you know right anyhow let's move on with some more stories
enough about kitty iPad games let's talk about one of dark soccer favorite games dark
soccer well I'm actually still on the German alphabet website portal portal to offended
people and you know who the people who defended the adopted because of all the cracks that
glad us makes the game about the character being adopted and of course I like it in the
end when Wheatley's doing goes fatty adopted fatty it's like like you are adopted and that's
terrible but yeah is basically this dude named Neil's staple was playing portal to and he's
adopted father to Zoe a Chinese orphan and got pissed off when the when glad us was going
off on cell for being adopted of course also overweight people and idiots are offended
to because they also talk about all that and probably trash is insulted and probably turrets
so yeah it's it's the the the adopter who was insulted not the adoptee again oh wait
we have local news story on this that we can play oh my god I love these I love when local
news media like completely misrepresent video games is gonna be amazing okay I'm gonna play
this ready and if we're lucky maybe somehow Loki can turn this into Lady Gaga chat actually
the quality of this is rather shit and it's really quiet so I don't know if I should really
play the whole thing because it's not really coming through so maybe I won't do that well
let me see if I can crank it up some other way hold on one sec guys live radio is tons
of fun no I have wave up as high as they'll go it's I can't get that any louder what a
shit little play some of it no it's too quiet they can't hear it let me um let me go to
YouTube see if I can find it real quick uh WBTV portal to find portal to being adopted
yeah I'm gonna see if this works better administration we have discovered a popular video game making
fun of adoption and tonight a father is shocked at the insensitivity he says he witnessed
here's the clip what's wrong with being adopted that's not well um lack of parents the game
is called portal 2 and it's only been available for about a month we get him back just to
talk to the father who's shared this who saw this with his daughter yeah I bet he was shocked
and really surprised by something like yeah no idea particularly because this is a game
that builds itself as educational it's rated e for everyone as we said neil staple was
playing the game with his 10 year old adopted daughter when they saw the clip tonight he
says he and his wife are still searching for a way to try to explain it I didn't know what
to do I still don't know what to do neil staples still can't believe what he heard while playing
the video game portal 2 with his 10 year old adopted daughter Zoe they really do make this
look pretty terrible I got to admit but like I feel like this like really taken out of
context you know it is it's like you have to remember they're taunting they're taunting
everything about her you know no matter what it is and to be honest I don't think they
ever really proved that she's adopted no so I don't know like I just kind of feel like
this is really selective hearing that's that's my biggest issue what's going on here but
like I watch this news report and I go wow this game's fucking rude but I've played through
the game and I didn't get that impression at all it is it's e 10 plus it's not a baseline
e for everyone oh so in other words the 10 year old daughter since she's not 10 plus
she's 10 probably should have been watching well it's 10 and over it's not over 10 god
damn you low you always got to fucking disagree with me did you hear that the character in
the popular kids video game is actually taunted for being adopted it literally pokes fun for
not having parents wow and you literally proved that you're an idiot have never hidden the
fact Zoe is adopted she's Chinese she obviously doesn't look like us they wanted to wait until
she was ready to talk about it froze the question the most ultimate question that that child
is ever going to have for you and it just throws her right in the living room I needed
really gonna cry I really needed attention um that's why I contacted the news because
I needed attention because I'm an idiot hold on but he heard immediately cut the game off
hoping Zoe hadn't heard the cruel joke from a video game build is educational and appropriate
for everyone 10 and up and it says rated e for everybody and I was thinking maybe it's
rated e for everybody except for orphans if you're not an adoptive parent it's probably
not that big a deal to you if you are an adoptive parent it was literally the worst thing I
could possibly have heard but did Zoe hear it she's sticking to her guns that she didn't
hear it and to me that message means she's not ready to talk about it and I'm not gonna
force it oh my god eyes rolling too much Neil says they steer clear of that part of the
game and hope their daughter never feels like she's any less because she's adopted I can't
imagine my life without her I mean she's just such an awesome child she's just made our
lives so much better okay now again we did say this game was now surely there'll be a
counterpoint to this right like surely they tried to reach out to valve for comment right
hey you know and it's because you have to sort of figure out a way to get out of every
single room we did contact Sony who distributes the game they told us to contact valve the
company that actually created the game I did we have not heard back from them passing the
buck onto somebody certainly seems oh oh that is so not the way it works Sony doesn't distribute
the game it's EA that distributes the game idiot god you're funny send me the link to
that place because I'm going to type one hell of a rebuttal well you know what since they
didn't respond back to our claim they're wrong having interned in local news as long as I
did I mean I know this means a lot but by trying to contact them they probably gave
a couple hours tops this was all done within a day most disabled comments most stories
you do are done or most stories you see on the news are done in a day unless it's like
for sweeps or something it's it's all done start to finish in a day so valve didn't get
back to this lady within the same day it didn't make the news and it's not going to so I think
it's kind of screwed up that they didn't really show both sides of it but I got to admit I
will I mean you might unpopular opinion okay everybody that piece and I agree portal looks
pretty fucked up the website is WB TV dot-com email them all email them please email them
I think honestly the part that they kind of leave out that kind of irritates me is that
if you're going to play that game with your kid you kind of have to be able to explain
it all to them and you have to explain that these characters will mock anything to try
that's what glad us does she mocks everything what's next is somebody going to be upset
because the game called them fat I don't know it's just a little silly and it's a character
it's a narrative it's not hey you person playing the game you adopted well you're stupid you're
adopted your parents loser adopted loser and you're fat parents would have had abortion
but they couldn't so they had you and gave you away you really sound a lot worse than
it treated you for for a burger burgers are more desirable than you fatty prey eat tons
of burgers can we move on new story please well I actually am going to email them well
that was my story so bogey I yes so when I'm not complaining about that kind of stuff Ubisoft
you know they're looking at maybe taking the next step with some of their franchises instead
of leaving in the hands of people that may not be able to do their franchise as well
in the motion picture world they're going to go ahead and form Ubisoft motion pictures
they're going to adapt some of their biggest properties Assassin's Creed Splinter Cell
and Ghost Recon into 3d features I'm very disappointed though that rabbits were not
part of that because honestly I think that would work much better as a 3d animated feature
than you know some of this stuff but whatever they said in addition to the trio of future
projects the studio is reportedly developing 3d CGI animated series oh they are based on
the rabbit's properties awesome so the comprised of 78 episodes seven minutes apiece it's almost
like their little trailers that they have that's awesome but seriously though they should
they should get their own full-length theater or a theatrical movie couldn't be any worse
than some of the other stuff I've seen yeah all right let's see one other actually two
other quick e3 related stories hello Konami and I think this is brought up earlier in
the show but let's just throw it out there they are going to be doing their e3 press
conference a little bit early this year they're going to be doing their press conference I
believe it is the Sunday beforehand let's see it is on pre e3 show 2011 and it is happening
is there really a press release that doesn't have the fucking time of the event in here
Konami today announced the venue picks for the company's first animal annual global pre
e3 e3 show 2011 at the Times listed below and they never say what day it is I'm pretty
sure it's Sunday but that's amazing that the press release doesn't actually say what day
it is oh no there it is the live events taking place June 2nd thank you who it said once
all right so June 2nd that is a Thursday Thursday oh that's really early all right so they're
going to be doing their press conference on the Thursday beforehand give bloggers and
people will chance talk about it and you can attend live if you want they're going to actually
be renting places in Los Angeles San Francisco Toronto Sao Paulo Mexico City so they're getting
international with this see now my only thing about this though is they said it's like live
viewing parties now they just watching the press conference are they actually going to
be able to play games there and stuff I don't know they they aren't really saying it makes
it sound like they're just going to be able to watch like you'll just get to be able to
watch this and you can register online for a chance to attend with the place here in
San Francisco they're going to be doing at his temple nightclub I'm not familiar with
that place but I imagine it's at four o'clock it's kind of early but they probably have
to pick a time like that because four o'clock would be seven o'clock on the East Coast and
what time would that be in Japan it would be 8 a.m. the next day I think so maybe that's
why they're doing it at that time I don't know but yeah they're doing a pre-3 show 2011
and talking about these venues they picked so facebook.com slash Konami if you want to
go to the viewing event or you can just watch it online interesting anyhow Microsoft's E3
briefing will be very easy to watch you can just turn on Spike TV and it'll be on Spike
TV is announced they will air an Xbox 360 centric show 1230 p.m. Pacific time Monday
June 6th no it's weird is normally that is reserved for g4 yeah it is a little weird
because g4 don't they have the exclusive e3 like pass or whatever usually they do for
um I know they've done um Microsoft's conference in the past technically though the press conferences
are a part of e3 so that's why yeah I probably pay money for it so interesting so everybody's
gonna be able to watch that live as long as you have basic cable otherwise I'm sure it'll
be streamed over Justin TV everywhere so check that out all right let with that let's go
to the mailbag every week you guys send us emails mailbag at orange lounge radio.com
is the place to send your emails and dark soccer is going to dive in the mailbag head
first and find some emails to read for us today first email greetings olr is your friendly
neighborhood turtle I have no game related comments or questions this week I just wanted
to send hearts your way and say that olr is the best and only gaming podcast that I currently
listen to and whoever is responsible for putting the podcast up on the internet says doing
an awesome job Oh Rob thank you because every Monday I wake up for work and see that your
show is available for download it makes my Mondays so much better thank you all so much
for all the time and effort you put into the show each week your loyal turtle in Philly
serious turtle I literally don't allow myself to do anything else Sunday nights until the
show is posted plus the other thing that made it a lot easier I changed the way I write
descriptions so I don't actually have to think of a sassy like commentary on what happened
during the show I just basically post like the first five stories from the show roll
and then that's it cuz I who's reading the descriptions like not our subscribers I don't
think they really read the description I mean I could be wrong but I just in the interest
of getting it up faster I just and we don't edit the show either I mean I have to edit
it to take out the middle part where we play copyright music and just clean up the beginning
and end but as for like the actual content in the middle it's live radio we don't really
edit like something has to go really really wrong or somebody has to say something really
really bad for us to edit and I don't remember I ease I haven't edited any content out and
easily a year at least so well I guess this doesn't really apply to you anymore Rob since
I know you've got the trial but Holly D sent an invite and said any of us can use it to
play rift oh she's been pimping out on a horde house on the forums over there she's desperate
to get her corgi and the other little rewards that she can get so well that's there maybe
maybe I'll look at it but I really can't I have no time were you liking rift I'm gonna
plead the fifth until later all right anyway we gotta say without a without a doubt though
that it is better than Final Fantasy 14 absolutely okay I was still in writing my angry email
to WBTV sorry anyway then we have another one from Holly hi all I was listening to your
latest podcast about tons of people turning in their ps3s you guys said multiple times
that you thought it was fickle personally I think it's about people making a statement
to the company that this sort of thing is not acceptable it's not that they don't want
to play the games it's not that they were hacked it says Sony was adequately protected
inadequately protected their information new in advance of the protection it was inadequate
taunted hackers got hacked and then covered it up for three weeks that's not a company
I want to give my money to that's but you gotta admit there's a ton of people doing
it out of being purely fickle there's a lot of people there's just that's how people are
I can understand it for every you know one person who's got true authentic integrity
and turning it in there's gonna be 25 other that are gonna just be telling me seriously
I mean okay to continue I mean it's all can I say this real quick though you're you're
only following the here's where the line is between fickle and yeah I meant it is when
a game like The Last Guardian comes out are you gonna rebuy a ps3 if you sold yours back
you know is there gonna be like if you mean it and you stick to your guns then you know
what you have every right it's your money you should let you spend it on what you want
we only think your fickle when it's you know I'm selling it back but I'm just gonna buy
one again three months later when I forget that it happened because there's a game that's
out that I really want but some people never forget it's understandable to continue yes
I mean it's good that only credit cards are stolen that people finally know but the way
Sony waited to tell everyone to cancel their cards is just unacceptable I really think
that people dumping their ps3 is really then telling the company that this crosses a line
people who dump a console or a game over principle they hold dear are really not being fickle
they just feel the statement they need to make is more important I stopped playing well
because of something Blizzard did that I find unacceptable it doesn't matter that I like
the game I'm not going to put money into a company that treats its customers badly and
I really feel this is why people are abandoning ship on Sony holiday like I said I think that
for every one person that's got a legitimate reason with actual integrity behind it the
rest of them are shaping you know and I would fully admit there's been times I really would
want to leave Blizzard but I kind of feel like I'd be being one of those fickle people
like I just go right back six months later when that patch comes out that I really want
to play so I don't know it's tough when you stick to your guns that's pretty admirable
yeah it's kind of like being vegetarian or vegan no don't let's go further people who
actually like stay vegan for years and years is Gaga vegan no I don't I don't know if she
no she wore a dress made out of meat so she wore meat doesn't mean she eats meat I don't
think people who are vegan either do it for severe health reasons or for animals and no
I'm not don't hear me wrong I'm not knocking vegans but there are some people who like
do it for a couple weeks and they're like this is too hard I gotta go back to eating
chicken you know so I don't know I think I personally I've tried to go vegetarian I can't
do it I can't even go vegetarian it's too hard I didn't get enough protein I know how
to get protein I just still wasn't getting enough of it anyway I don't know when I just
started comparing like Blizzard of being a vegetarian but okay next email hello guys
first of all congratulations on your awesome show I listen to it at work and it makes my
hours go by faster I would like your opinion on these two topics one games with poor and
are no control configuration options yeah that sucks and games that don't allow you
to pause the cutscenes thank you and good luck with your show and that's from I'll just
say kds I wish the emailer had given us some specific examples of games like I know there
are games like that that don't have the customer and I know I've gone on this tangent on the
show before like games that have the really whack controls that you just can't re-customize
and yet now I'm drawing a total blank like I can't remember any of them I'm sure a chat
room will help us out here this is why I love having a live chat but yeah and then cutscenes
yeah that's kind of annoying or unskippable ones too like Mortal Kombat story mode it's
pretty cool and you can pause cutscenes but you can't skip them and unless it's your second
time playing through which I think is really weird because what I don't like is that in
Mortal Kombat if you are stuck on a certain part you have to keep watching the cutscene
leading up to it over and over until you beat it if you turn off the game because if you
just hit retry you don't have to watch the whole thing over and over but like sometimes
I get so frustrated I need to walk away for a little bit and then come back and the last
thing I want to do when I come back is watch the cutscene again so yeah by the way Xena
Core says no vegan diet no vegan powers I loved that whole scene oh that's from Scott
Pilgrim huh yeah I see what you did there okay um moving forward um hi Ola Crew this
is Ramadita I guess that's how I hope I pronounced it right a blind gamer from Indonesia I sent
you some emails a long time ago and this email will be absolutely be the sign that I'm still
following you until now great show as always although I cannot contribute my thoughts like
the other listeners because I cannot play games like others do I hope I can still be
part of all our discussion with my personal thought about video games I consider myself
as one of the veteran gamers because when I was a child video games were so easy to
be played even without my site sorry can I interrupt for real quick what was the name
of the email again rum rum Ramadita is that the same person that sent the scars of time
flute thing I think it is okay so okay like don't invalidate your opinion just because
you have like a challenge because you know in watching what you did with the scars of
time thing clearly you have a love and passion for video games so that makes you just as
much of a gamer as anybody else with just as much a right to your opinion as anyone
else just just throwing that out there okay I consider myself as one of the veteran gamers
because when I was a child video games are so easy to be played even without my site
my brother and friends helped me anyway that's why I know about classic games a lot and the
classic game of the week by dark Sakura is enjoyable for me besides Loki's funny mockery
of course so I would like to share the enjoyment I've gotten several months ago it was when
I found a angry video game nerd I love angry video game nerd and imported the DVDs from
the author I don't know if any one of you ever heard about a VGN it's a series of classic
video games featuring James as a nerd that plays old video games actually he reviewed
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles the like the DVD sets recently and it was hilarious but
my favorite that he does is the Friday the 13th review so funny anyway okay he reviews
the negative sides of of games of badass style you'll see in here a lot of fucks and shits
in there beer included just google it or go to Wikipedia for more information and he linked
a video I want to share you should actually if you can I think a lot of people have seen
it I gotta admit I don't get get the big deal I think it's hilarious I want to share it
because the show is very enjoyable for me even without my ability to see what's happening
on screen I don't know what will happen to me if I am not blind and able to watch those
I believe you all can find some amusement there too now on to me like I said that I
am blind so I cannot play video games the same like others but I do and do enjoy online
games text-based and right now I'm playing blade of eternity and the link is blade of
eternity calm and reach level 148 besides I do enjoy video game music and I love playing
some of them using my flute just go to my youtube channel is the same guy yeah it's
a rip I'm gonna spell it out r-a-m-a-d-i-t-y-a Skywalker and watch my favorite is when I
played scars of time from chrono cross yep well that's all for me I hope this email can
be read and I will get more friends to talk about video games I only have a few local
friends that understand English and stuff like stuff I like anyway cheers from and I
hope I'm pronouncing it right r-a-m-a-d-i-t-y-a I think that's for muddy jazz I said it too
yeah very cool that's all that's very sweet I love the angry video game there to rush
it up hater there's a whole nother layer but I'm not gonna get into it that's all I'm gonna
say okay and it actually has nothing to do with that show specifically and I know that
makes no sense at all it's the dude no no no no no no no no just I'll tell you another
day okay hi all I was into the one from Holly no no offense how do you email us a lot hi
all don't panic too much but se just got hacked too I was ready to flip out having played
Final Fantasy 11 but it turns out that they only got small got email addresses unless
you're a Canadian they got resumes for 350 Canadian potential employees too thank you
Holly and then the last one that by the way I did hear about that and man somebody needs
to catch these hackers like at some point these hackers are gonna get too bold and let
me warn you because this might not be the same person that's doing the Sony folder can
you get well I know right but the problem is one of these days hacker you're gonna get
sloppy and you're gonna get caught and it doesn't matter which video game website you
get caught hacking you're gonna get blamed for the Sony thing by the mass media and if
you don't believe me go watch go rewatch that zany local news report about portal to to
watch the way that the media will construe things to get a story even if you say whatever
they want exactly even if you had nothing to do with the Sony hack if you get caught
hacking Square Enix's website you'll be the Sony hacker watch just saying I understand
hackers gonna hack I'm always on the show I'm not trying to infringe on your freedom
to hack I'm just saying watch it and I should I shouldn't say your freedom to hack because
whoever hacked the Sony website did a fucked up thing that's not acceptable you just totally
made me think of life of Brian huh it's like well you can't physically have babies but
we'll protect your right to have them Eric Idles character yes it's like so we'll protect
your right to hack you just can't hack anyway last one there is still no taco delivery service
on the PSN now that is partially now that is partially up as a sad email written in
all caps yeah that's from all caps Bobby all caps Bobby has a sad frown the end I saved
it for last alright that's it for emails mailbag at orange lounge radio.com if you want to
email us but try to not use all caps I don't like it when Jamie reads all caps emails alright
Loki how about you yes apparently the Fox Entertainment Group has an FCC filing that
points to possibly a new video service coming to consoles and they're saying that Fox Entertainment
Group and its multi-channel video program distribution partners have shown intent that
they're planning on broadening their platforms that they offer content on and that it will
see subscription and on-demand video services available directly to wide-marketed consumer
electronics devices such as game consoles sometime in the near future so maybe something
that will be announced later on maybe something that's uh you know time like a capable provider
or something like that um let's see hmm do we don't we have enough video services on
consoles at this point though there's a lot between Netflix and Hulu although Hulu Plus
kind of sucks because of their ads you know you know you know I'm not a fan of ads and
paying for it it's one or the other not both anyhow one other story for you guys tonight
and then we're gonna get into the skype line whoopee 1877 game oil or actually I lie we're
gonna get into the FUs of the week and then the skype line 1877 game olr but first let
me read this quick story about Kid Icarus Uprising which of course is the 3ds Kid Icarus
game that's coming out soon maybe they'll announce the date for this at e3 I don't know
but there is a Japanese website out there for the game Kid Icarus Uprising it pretty
much recycles trailers that you've already seen but probably when we get to e3 you'll
see a lot more I imagine this game will be playable on the show floor at e3 so you're
gonna see a lot of content from it now some other stuff that's coming out of this though
is that Nintendo is going to be using fan me's on a float that will show up at the go
show gawara tachi neputa festival that happens in August me's will be joining pit and patina
and there's a whole page in Japanese on how you can create a me on your 3ds save it and
send it into Nintendo which I imagine it needs to be a g-rated me and not one of the ones
where you funny looking things yeah or celebrities but uh what's to stop Nintendo from just doing
random looking me is like nobody's gonna know the difference nobody knows what me is truly
a person or not s 200 mat in our chat room says goat say me needs to be on that float
no no no that that's exactly the type of me that will not be appearing so yay me's on
parade woohoo all right uh let's get into the fus of the week before I forget every
week on this show we do a little bit of ranting
fuck you to wbtv for being highly unprofessional I'm sorry you presented yourself as immature
unprofessional and clearly biased you're a hack you're a hack organization and that's
our opinion and so I'm writing an email looking fuck you to my new portable hard drive that's
USB powered for deleting said data on portable hard drive when I didn't want to I was like
why is this not working and then I looked on it oh it's empty thanks you know that's
never done that to me yeah I think I blame partly my 360 and I had to create a 360 data
partition in it well not really a data partition but usually they'll do it without erasing
data but it decided and I went where you use mine and mine was fine yeah but my 360 is
being retarded and didn't want to see the drive until I did that now finally sees the
drive so oh too bad yeah I'm sorry my fu of the week goes to Loki because he doesn't like
Lady Gaga she's brilliant he's a hater if that's my fu of the week then that means things
are going pretty good how about if you f you to headaches because I had a bad one yesterday
and I kind of was antisocial at a party because of it and that's never any fun I don't like
being antisocial that sucks and then f you to Loki all right let's get to the skype line
one eight seven seven game olr every week we give you guys a chance to call in and share
your voices you know what sometimes it's the same people that call every week and that's
fine it's open for all right now I'm actually really proud of this line and I would like
to read it from my email sure go ahead because the phone number five yes do you want to hear
my email so far um all right sure what the hell but I'm cutting you off soon as the call
comes in okay to whom it may concern first and foremost I am an adult fan of video games
and female I am friends with several adopted friends who were shot who were shocked you
gave attention to the single person okay I need to rephrase that basically I've got friends
that are adopted the play portal don't care okay I said my friends play portal too with
me and think adoption jokes are just as fun oh I'm cutting you off because you're getting
a phone call let's go to the phones at one eight seven seven game olr hi you're on orange
launch radio who's this hey this is excellent hey excellent how you doing hey doing good
I want to call in and chime in for a minute about blizzard and their customer service
somebody said they didn't like the way they were doing it but actually every time when
I have talked to somebody through the customer service through very few problems I had of
course playing wow and whatnot I had really good service including an item that I ordered
from their store do tell share a little more share a little more about your positive experience
because we well we often have a lot of negativity so let's hear something good well I'll talk
about the store um somehow with my paypal account instead of putting the right address
which was on there they somehow got my old address when um this was before I moved and
before I got changed I didn't realize it so I realized it the night after the order was
placed I called in but unfortunately the package had already shipped so they had to wait for
it to try to be delivered and then they can cancel so they whoever it was at the door
thank god there was nobody there living there in my old apartment at the time so it got
sent back to them but they were they not only replaced the old package with a new one but
they also refunded the money to my account which I thought was a little odd but hey it
was you know so I technically got the item for free but um the guy who walked me through
and tried to help me as much as he could not only did TA do it through the phone in a very
positive and nice fashion but also kept up with accordingly like almost every few hours
by email which was very nice and I mean he did flood the mailbox like every three to
four hours it's like one email in the morning one email in the evening saying here's what
we got here's what we're gonna do here's what the game so constant communication yes
and that is that is a very important part of customer service you know um I don't talk
a lot about my day job here on Orange Lawn Tradio because I really want to keep my two
lives separated I do not want the line being blurred between what I do during the night
what I do during the day because I you know it's just it's not it's not okay for the
two lines to be crossed however I trained for nine years in customer service I trained
for a large large call center here in the area on customer service and I'll tell you
one of the things that we were really big on was making sure that you know information
was always communicated the customer communication is so key I think because people don't call
into places or email or whatever to hear I don't know or you know there's nothing we
can do about that they want it resolution that's why you pick up the phone and call
somebody in the first place so yeah and it was it was really cool because he's like yes
sir no sir and he had a very positive attitude it's like it's like almost that he was like
talking to my good talk to like a best friend or a good friend about something he's like
yeah you know hey it happens you know no problem when you look into it hey listen I got a place
to hold um I promise I'll be right back and if I don't I got your information right here
I'll call you right back and we'll walk we'll try to see what we can do and it was very
nice and a lot of companies most times when you call it's kind of like I don't care I'm
just going to do it's more robotic and you know it's like why did I do this in the first
place when I just can do this through email and just probably get the same response so
well look I I don't know what Holly's thing is with Blizzard right now I don't know specifically
well I might but I wouldn't I wouldn't try to tell it on the show for somebody else anyway
but as I can tell you where I come from and it's you know obviously we play wow together
you know I love wow I have the I wouldn't have a fucking podcast about wow if I didn't
love World of Warcraft but sometimes I get a little negative on Horde House because Blizzard
just makes these decisions as a corporation that you just look at it and your jaw is just
dropped like what the fuck are you doing like okay let me let me let me give you an analogy
wait hold on let me give me an analogy okay like let's assume you've got a friend and
like you know this is your bro he's your he's your guy he's one of your best friends you
know you know whatever and suddenly this guy starts dating this girl and you just don't
like her because she's drama and she just she is always making it about her and she
causes him to make bad decisions and she's such just a negative influence on his life
and she's just a bitch but you smile and you nod through it because you love your friend
then you know he's happy even though you know she's really really poisonous for him but
you just kind of just nod knowing that someday he'll wise up and call it off well that bitch's
name is Activision definitely there's there's been times when I've seen some of the stuff
they're supposedly going to do inside the game and I'm looking at this stuff and announcements
I'm like what the fuck are they doing with this shit seriously are they going to actually
make us pay for all this stuff that should be free in the first place and I love listening
to other people's also other people's podcasts of course I listen to yours too Rob but it's
kind of funny hearing that people come up like you you would say something and you'd
be like okay I can believe blizzard's doing this what the fuck and then somebody else
staying on the same line going you know what I think blizzard's going overboard with this
and this is stupid and I can't believe they're actually doing this because they're trying
to get you know more money into the pot so to speak so I think they could do about a
lot of this stuff or you know it's everything doesn't have to be quote unquote a premium
fee I think that's taking a little overboard and you know what's funny is that yet again
we have a case of the worker bee is doing a great job and the worker bee in this case
being the customer service reps you interact with they're representing their company very
well the problem when we talk about issues we have with blizzard it is not with the worker
bees it's with the queen bee it's with the people up top that are making the decisions
and you're just your head I can't face palm give me that picture of captain John Luke
Picard face palming because that's god half the stories I read on horde house need that
caption yeah no joke all right I didn't need to bring more people like us the average people
in there and let them tell them what's going on you know like I don't think this is gonna
be wise you know you're gonna lose a lot of money to deal with this so that you know you
would think that they have a better group of focus gamers but maybe they're just really
worried about you know rumors and things getting out because you know the wow community is
a very passionate group and anything we're saying guys if you're like oh god with the
wow talk okay any mmo any mmo goes through this and wow just happens to be a big one
but any mmo goes through this love hate relationship with their fan base my god look at final fantasy
14 right now hello like the same problem what rob final what yeah exactly oh okay so all
right anyhow uh I gotta wrap up so you get more calls but thank you no problem anything
really quick really quick what's up no anything else real quick you want to get out no no
no nothing else all right goodbye I'm going to read you the line that I'm proud of okay
go for it okay did I hang up I think I hung up no no hang up hang up did I hang up nope
okay 1877 game olr using everyone skyborn songs radio okay jamie the character in the
game is as admitted by one of the other antagonists a moron the same antagonist is a passive aggressive
homicidal computer that takes steps to discourage the character being played not player there's
also insult slung out towards overweight people and those of lower than average intelligence
so should they also rise up in protest should the fatties and morons also call your station
expect the same coverage as the adoptive parent you know what that's a very good point that
the story overlooks is that um the character is supposed to be a moron yeah this is not
somebody you're supposed to model yourself after this is an idiot bully as it said in
the game designed by the greatest minds of their generation to create the dumbest moron
who ever lived interesting I like that perspective that's pretty cool 1877 game olr or our username
on skype is orange lounge radio if you want to give us a call and maybe I'll try to hang
up on you and not succeed I would ask if there's any last minute stories but loki left the
room real quick I think he's chatting with dan about something real quick is he chatting
up my man I think so they're in they're doing gaming something in the living room so don't
do anything kinky in there without taking pictures it's only point if you tape it all
right loki's coming back what are you doing loki he's chatting up my husband sorry all
right um last minute stories yes okay well real quick um there's some leaked video that
kind of shows off some of the new features for fifa 12 uh looks kind of neat they're
kind of making more realistic now they have um apparently you can do some they have unexpected
behaviors that'll happen like for example um you know a defender coming in offensive
player making a move that you know flips the player um you know uh apparently you can get
injuries and um you know realistic injuries they're going to have better uh dribbling
and um basically kind of a whole new engine that they're putting in place here let me
get to the phone so we've got another call coming in hi you're on orange laundry who's
this yo guys it's in a court long time no see how y'all doing it's been a while how
are you doing buddy just trying to make that paper you know make it rain all right what's
up not much man not much blowing some time trying to get through la noir without cursing
my head off and waking up the entire neighborhood tell us a little bit about la noir you know
i actually have a question real quick oh is time enjoying being blown stop all right la
you're a dirty girl i want to yes i am yes i am she's off the hook tonight all right
uh talking about um uh la noir a little bit because you know it's not a game i've played
yet because i didn't think it would be something i was interested in because i'm not super
into the whole grand theft auto thing like it's cool and all but i'm just not very good
at it but in listening to bobby's show before us tonight he doesn't really play these types
of games either but his callers are like no dude this is like a throwback to an adventure
game what do you think of la noir oh so you guys actually haven't covered it on your show
yet i thought i was chasing behind all my shows i'm trying to get in touch with can
i ask you a question do you find the period specificness of the game a little bit bothersome
no actually i enjoy it okay well i at first i didn't know what dan was playing at the
time and then i was hearing the guy making the comments about jews and i was like what
the hell are you playing uh oh yeah that first guy i didn't even think of that so yeah he's
quite livid he is oh you should call the local news media and tell them how offended you
are you know what i don't give a shit because it's a period specific game i just didn't
know he was playing at the time so like what the hell are you listening to yeah that guy
is a racist so of course he's gonna curse it up a bit yeah well anyway so so let me
get back to the game a little bit no i mean i can't say we haven't covered la noir on
the show i mean we've talked about it it's just none of us have yet to play it so we
can't tell you like how it is as a game so i'm relying on you my friend how is uh how
is la noir as a game tell us a little bit about it all right let me let me set it up
to so i can describe it in as it'd be as rhetorical as possible but you get all the information
in there uh it plays like grand theft auto but it doesn't play like grand theft auto
and the fact that you are a police officer and you're not supposed to run amok which
is the whole game the focus is on police investigation and the process of police investigation so
and the highlighting of the facial animations and using that to be able to tell if people
are lying or not is the main focus of the game so see it's csi 1940s basically sounds
a lot like law and order in 1940s yeah it's exactly what that is i mean this game you
truly if you're not gonna cheat your way through it and use the online stuff uh it truly is
a mental game you have to think your way through it and you can still get through the game
and still fail left and right but you will get a completely different experience because
you didn't real if you investigate a person and you're able to draw information out of
them you have more things to use and search for later on in the case until you come to
the end of it so am i hearing you right that you can't really lose this game it's just
that there will be hallways you never go down if you don't do it well correct interesting
yeah so the replay is in trying to do the cases better but if you happen to ace all
the cases you pretty much see most of the content interesting i don't know however it's
it right away also because the game is built like a twist to plot it's very easy to add
content to all they have to do is since all the tech is done get the actors do the recordings
and insert them within the engine and you could kick this game could keep going you
can have like five six volumes of cases they've probably already done and have some waiting
in the can as far as the voice acting goes don't doubt it yeah it's like i'm having a
ball even slipping the jargon every once in a while you know yeah but that's the way we
are in the house here you know role players they gotta flex their role play muscles next
you know that's the life of a pig man you just got to deal with it you know i i this
game was i mean it was kind of it was on my radar certainly because everybody's been talking
about it but i was like oh it's a rock star game i'm not i don't usually feel those so
much whatever i'm sure i'm sure they're great games but i'll never probably get into it
but then you know when i heard people tell you about it's like an old school pc adventure
game with how you kind of like selecting so i was like really now now you i've i'm suddenly
interested in this a lot more and just kind of sounds pretty cool yeah it's tied in really
well they do they did their their uh due diligence on actually trying to make the city as closely
to 19 uh late 1940s la as possible so like all the the billboards are where they're supposed
to be and all this other stuff um i was gonna say alcan anagram in our chat room says this
sounds like ace attorney interesting is it like like a phoenix right type thing yeah
yeah it's actually closer than that than anything else i mean you do you do have to drive from
point to point and they add the the grand theft auto things by responding to calls you'll
hear a call for uh officer needs support this and that you roll up on a bank robbery or
somebody's trying to rob a convenience store you know uh officers and chase you got to
cut them off i mean that's all in there as well as your standard stuff of driving your
car but the focus is on the investigation itself like for instance for example one of
the cases involves a woman and her niece getting put in the car while they're drugged and and
the car goes over a cliff but they survive it so you do you do your interviews to figure
out what's going on you later on tail her and figure out she's got ties to the mob and
she's going after the guy that drugged them and put them in the car if you don't get to
the spot if you get there in time you can catch them in the act of trying to toss the
place and arrest them if you don't if you take too long to get there you have to deal
with the aftermath and you have to use your csi skills to figure out what they were looking
for hmm so yeah it's the way they put the gameplay in there plus later on the order
that you investigate the locations determines who's available when so if you go to like
for instance there's this grocer you have to investigate but for some reason they're
closed until like two three o'clock in the afternoon so if you go there too early you'll
miss your chance to do something else like catch this one guy while he's in the bar you
have to go hunt him down later interesting yeah so the entire case is interwoven like
that like a big twist of plot but let me ask you another question real quick for let you
go because I want to make sure we can free up for more calls but I've heard a lot about
how this game really seems to be pushing that line between game and movie like I've heard
about some cases where it's actually being considered art I think somebody I don't know
some gallery or something was actually kind of putting this game on display or what have
you what do you think about this game is this game really pushing the envelope between what
is a movie television visual art and a video game which not everyone considers art if you're
Roger Ebert well let me let me say it like this I was watching you guys familiar with
red letter media no okay he's the red letter media is the guys who went behind Mr. Plinkett
and ripping apart the Star Wars trilogy and they're like their movies are their reviews
are extremely in-depth and they started up a show they mentioned the fact that movies
have become the lowest form of entertainment as far as outlook and what you expect from
them like you know like some people aren't willing to throw 10 bucks at a bad movie and
the way movies have been going down now maybe they're not making as much money as they could
be if they're spending more time writing scripts and stuff they are doing that in gaming so
that has stepped up as far as the public eye is looking for entertainment and this is just
going to add fuel to that fire I mean the fact that the the facial expressions add so
much to the way you're trying to I mean literally I was second-guessing almost every decision
I was making on whether these people were lying or not based off what I knew about the
case and it was driving me nuts interesting and the way they added there's a small audio
cue that lets you know whether or not you picked if they're telling the truth if you
doubt their answer or if they're flat-out lying they have a little three-note piano
thing to let you know when you pick correctly incorrectly the instant you push the button
so it just adds to that suspense you're going to hear that tone and when you mess it up
you just want to go rage comic all over the thing but it's great I love every minute of
it all right well you guys have sold me that I need to check it out I don't know if I'll
drop $60 for it but I'm certainly gonna rent it and check it out yeah yeah definitely worth
the rental all right absolutely all right Zinek or I gotta let you go so we can wrap
up the show but take care and thanks for calling hey no problem guys I'll take it easy I do
love hearing from you because we've been talking about great voices tonight such as the one
and only George Takei I think you have a great voice oh my oh that was awesome very well
done did you hear did you hear how excited Jamie got the ladies love it keep it up all
right all right take care all right that's gonna do it for the Skype call tonight we
had a couple long calls there so we're gonna go ahead and close up but thank you guys so
much for calling sorry to those who didn't get through but please send us emails 1-877
game OLR we always appreciate emails let's wrap up the last minute stories and then get
on out of here for the night Loki okay so last story here this is kind of funny they
have Kenji Inafune is actually in the new Japanese RPG Hyperdimension Neptunia MK2 it's
a sequel to the Hyperdimension Neptunia game that came out I believe last year I know over
here in March basically he plays I don't really know himself but there is screenshots of him
shooting a laser out of his mouth and he also appears to be a weapon that this woman is
using and it's kind of like console wars the game because each woman is like a different
it represents a different console hmm but it's weird all right well that's gonna do
it for another episode of Orange Lawns Radio tonight we're gonna now go around and get
everybody's final thoughts as we wrap up for the show tonight Dark Sakura I want Pinkberry
Pinkberry's closed soon by the time we're done with the post show yeah all right we'll
see you in two weeks what are you gonna do with the week off I'm going to be sad that
the season of Supernatural is over and then go back to the episode where Sam had no shirt
and no soul this is all about just what gets you going tonight my my final thought is I
I'm just I'm life is good and I have not a lot to complain about besides you know the
occasional stomach or headache issues that's it otherwise life is good and I will not be
here in two weeks because I'll be at Disneyland don't hate Jamie because we'll be going in
a few more weeks but I was fortunate enough I won tickets to preview the new Star Tours
ride early so I'm really really excited don't hate my friend had to wait in line for four
hours but you have to bring me back a Duffy I'm not bringing you back a Duffy maybe I'll
bring you back a Star Wars preview something something you know I'm teasing you're a good
girl you know I'm teasing all right and Loki your final thought tonight hopefully play
some more games this weekend other than Grand Theft Auto that would be nice and what are
you gonna do the week off I have an invite to go to the new members party for Mensa but
I don't know if I'm gonna go to that I can only imagine the type of people that are there
I just we want pictures of hot Mensa chicks I'm come on I'm sorry I'm just picturing all
that Mensa booty I just pictured old people playing cards and boring card games you don't
want to play bunco it's not bunco they're like playing like canasta cribbage and the
hearts this crib I should play cribbage I could be a Mensa I'll play cribbage with Mensa
people all right I just you know I I didn't I don't know I joined up just to get the plaque
that's really what it was all about now they have the plaque hanging in my desk at work
the rest is all optional all right that's gonna do it for another week of Orange Launch
Radio sorry guys there won't be a show next week we hope this is enough to hold you over
look forward to this there's very very likely gonna be multiple shows during e3 weeks so
look forward to that we'll have more details on that when we come back in two weeks as
always thank you for listening to Orange Launch Radio we are a free show we don't charge you
we really don't do commercials outside of the ones for our side shows which I think
is okay so all we ask tell friends about our show help us spread the word we do not have
a giant website behind us we don't have millions of dollars in advertising and yes some of
these other court podcasts have millions of dollars in magazine ads and so forth to be
able to sell themselves so we don't literally literally so please help us spread the word
tell a friend leave a nice review on iTunes five stars or whatever podcast website podcast
alley anywhere we really appreciate it until next time we'll be back in two weeks with
another edition of Orange Launch Radio for those of you in America have a wonderful Memorial
Day holiday be safe for those of you going to Fonamy or whatever conventions are going
on that weekend don't get too drunk and for those of you not in America have a great Sunday
night next week without us we'll see in two weeks bye guys you've been listening to Orange
Lounge Radio Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production to join us for a live show
visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time the views and opinions expressed
on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange
Lounge Radio or allgames.com but we're probably right anyway see you next week
