Today, May 1st, 2011, the PlayStation Network remains down after an entire week, Portal
2 plans free DLC and Nintendo plans a free game from the 3DS shop.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live with episode number 411, the 411 if you will, on this May 1st of 2011.
My name is Rob Roberts, I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my co-host, with
me as always, the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
I will not put you in a potato.
Thank you.
And feed you two birds.
That's great.
Actually it's kind of funny because I saw, I was at Trader Joe's today, which by the
way, super crowded grocery store today, it was a madhouse, and there was some hash browns
that were on sale and the little label on it says, when I grow up, I want to be hash
browns and I couldn't help but think of, you know, the same thing.
So anyhow.
I gave inadvertent spoilers today, sorry.
And the one she was spoiling of course was the one and only tech master, Loki!
I asked, so it's alright.
That's right, yeah.
Let's keep the show spoiler free guys, don't worry about it.
How you doing, Loki?
I'm doing fine.
And long time no see, it's been a little while because we were off two weeks ago and then
last week, Easter week, you were like, oh, I gotta do family stuff because I have a baby
now, so family stuff's important, so whatever, Loki.
So, well how's it going?
It's going alright.
Any, uh, anything exciting going on with the baby and that whole stuff?
He's scooting forward now, which means he'll be crawling hopefully soon.
Awesome.
I saw the video.
He looks so proud of himself.
He is very proud of himself.
He's like, I can move!
Just wait till I start walking!
Today he learned how to smack mommy in the face when she's not listening and gave her
a bloody nose.
Oh no.
What?
Oh no.
No, he, he just got, he gets excited sometimes and he, he's like flails around and you know.
He still doesn't have fine motor control.
Whoever's holding him is, you know, subjected to the brunt of his attack.
Has he tugged on your face?
No, he does it all the time.
Alright well, we're going to start off the show of course with how was your gaming week
and the video games you've been playing this week.
However, I do want to of course introduce the chat room because they're always there
with us.
You can go to chat.orangelauntrader.com if you want to join us live on this Sunday night
where gamers seem to be very opinionated this week.
I can't possibly imagine what could possibly have so many people with so many polarizing
opinions.
It couldn't be that we're on day 11 of a certain network being down, which is certainly the
longest anything like this has ever happened.
Oh my god, UPN's down?
UPN's down?
UPN merged with C, what is it, Warner Brothers years ago, just so you know.
Alright, anyhow.
All that aside, certainly, we'll get into that, but first, a little lighter fare, how
was your gaming week and what games you've been playing this week?
DarkSakura.
I've been playing a lot of stuff.
I played DDR on Wednesday, I went to John's Incredibly Shitty Pizza, which was actually
pretty good.
So I cannot call it John's Incredibly Shitty Pizza anymore.
It was Julian's 4th birthday, and so we did the twister and everything, and he was a big
boy and went on that.
John's Incredibly Mediocre Pizza.
It was actually pretty good.
It was actually really good.
They're Alfredo Pizza, it was pretty good.
How long has it been since you've had pizza?
It was pretty good.
Because I managed to get those both when they were fresh, the pizzas I had.
I'm a pizza snob and I think their pizza's terrible, but that's because I haven't had
it in a while.
But anyway.
Foodio.
I like the macaroni and cheese pizza.
By the way, speaking of food, would you please tell the listeners what you had before the
show tonight?
I had a fish taco.
Thank you, Rob, for my taco.
And dammit people, I asked for more than 10, not more than 30.
And yeah, if you have no idea why Dark Soccer was rewarded with a taco earlier tonight,
you have to listen to last week's show.
I just like that I completely bullshitted you into getting me a taco.
I was kind of fucked up.
Next time I want something.
Rob.
What?
How about after the show I get you paintberry?
That would be amazing if I didn't have work in the morning, and I already foresee this
show running long.
Okay, how about after my finals are done?
Okay.
We go celebrate at paintberry.
My treat.
That works for me.
Okay.
Sorry, back to games.
I'll buy Alan some too.
Okay.
So.
I played some Ditter, and I played this percussion master game that's supposed to be like Taiko
no Tatsujin, only it's a lot different and kind of sucky, and had really bad covers of
songs in there.
But I had fun playing it.
And then I played After Burner Climax in the arcade, because that's the only arcade machine
I've seen, and I love that game.
Did it make you climax?
No, but I was moist.
Because, you know, I just got done playing DDR, I was like, okay.
And then I got Portal 2, which I got two days ago.
I got it Friday night.
And I'm already almost caught up with you, because I had bad insomnia.
My problem is that I'm only playing it on Steam, because, you know, I'm kind of glad
I don't have the Playstation 1, because of certain malfunctions, and excuse me while
I clean something up off the floor.
So, and because, you know, I honestly wouldn't have played it on the console anyway, so I'm
really digging playing it on Steam.
I play with a trackball mouse, which I'm having a good time.
But yeah, I have just found, well, it's a little bit of a spoiler, but I don't care,
I'll say it anyway.
It's called potatoes.
As they refer to her on the Half-Life Wiki as potatoes.
So it's been pretty cool.
You've heard me bitching about puzzles that make me violently ill.
Hey, it's my husband, I think.
No, it's a visitor.
It's a friend.
Anyway, so, uh, I also, uh, crap, what else did I play?
I played some Dragon Age, but I'm kind of forgetting about Dragon Age for now.
I'm gonna go ahead and give it back, because I've got Portal, although I'm probably gonna
end up having it beaten, like, in the next couple days.
And I got level 60, um, for Rebecca Black.
On WoW.
On WoW.
World of Warcraft.
You still have to play co-op, because co-op's a lot of fun, too.
Co-op WoW?
No, co-op Portal, dummy.
Don't call me dummy dummy.
I booted Darwinia.
But Portal, I'm kind of like, oooh, it's pretty.
It really is pretty.
I've been taking tons of screen captures, because my favorite thing in this game so
far are the, um, the work posters that are like, but for me being, you know, a big graphic
design nerd, I love how perfectly they capture the styles of each era, you know, the further
along that you're in the facility, like the stuff from the 40s and 50s, and then the 60s
style logo, and as you move up through the facility, and you come to the modern age,
you see just, they really did capture the design of those different eras really nicely.
And I love the allergen poster.
It's like, know your allergens.
Pollen.
Pet dander.
Plastic.
Antimatter.
And the, the, the, please let us know if you see anyone from the FDA, the FHA.
There's lots of great little jokes just in the artwork, and that's, that's, you know,
part of what makes this game so phenomenal is that, you know, there's just, you can just
be kind of walking around looking at the scenery, and it's not just the, you know, very similar
to the first game.
Remember how they were like the cave drawing type of things?
Which are still there.
Yeah, they're there, and you know, they're not totally throughout, but you find them
in certain places.
Well, you know why?
The signs or jokes do.
You know why they're not fully, fully through there?
Can you tell me without spoiling?
Well read the lab rat comic.
Okay, alright.
There's a comic that ties Portal to Portal 2 called Lab Rat.
It's a free PDF.
You can get it on the Valve website, and it talks about Ratman, who was the guy that was
living in the facilities hiding, and he apparently was a scientist, and was, he's the reason
that Chella's the one being tested.
Because while she wasn't the smartest or the most athletic, she had the most tenacity.
And it says on her, never ever gives up.
So she was initially rejected as a test subject.
And he moved her forward.
And this is all in the comic.
Yeah, all in the comic.
So you're just spoiling the comic, not the game.
Well, there's more to it.
Like there's a lot more to Ratman, and there's a lot more to her, and just different stuff
that goes on in there.
So it's actually pretty, it's a good little tie-in, and also if you haven't seen the restored
ending for Portal, that ties in as well.
Coming into our chatroom at chat.orangelandrader.com, Defective Candy is sad.
I'm poor, I can't buy Portal.
You're probably not alone.
And it's inevitable there will be a huge sale on Steam at some point.
And I would anticipate it's probably going to be around the time the first batch of download
content comes out.
It will be, you know, hey, are you still not on Portal?
Get it now, half off.
Because Valve likes to do ridiculous sales.
So you know, not all the news is bad.
Portal's ten bucks right now.
The only, well, I mean, Portal 2.
Yeah, Portal 2, yeah.
Well everybody can, you know, just watch their retail stores because they're doing POS backend
rebates for retailers through now and I think June?
Or the end of June?
So you're going to see a bunch of different retailers marketing it down to 30 or 40 bucks.
What is a POS backend?
POS backend rebate means point of sale, so each, basically they get it for cheaper.
Each one they sell, they track how many they sell and they get a rebate from the publisher
for it.
So it's an incentive to get them to bring in more product because they get to sell it
for cheaper.
Just sort of like buying a mask, buying bulk, right?
Well, sort of.
That's what happened with those, the five retailers that had the Wii systems for $170
because that wasn't offered to everybody.
That was only the top five direct retailers got offered that.
But with Portal 2, it's a little bit flexible, so they're getting a week where they get the
market down.
So you're going to see a bunch of different retailers marketing down different weeks from
now to the end of June.
Tiger Claw says, let's not forget about Cave Johnson.
He has some of the funniest stuff.
I love him and I didn't realize it at first, but it's the dude that played J. Jonah Jameson
in the Spiderman movies and he's perfect.
And I love Carolyn, which I won't say anything more about her, but I knew right away it was
the same voice actor.
So I love her speaking voice, but I love listening to her sing.
Not just the Jonathan Colton songs, but singing like she actually did the opera.
She's an operatic singer.
So I've actually gone back and listened to her sing other stuff and her voice is astounding.
Really, really gorgeous.
So really most of my time has been taken up with Portal 2.
For all of my motion sickness, I have been breezing through it, except for the parts
that I scream and yell at, which are usually, oh my God, I threw up.
You said something on Facebook the other night about having played for a little bit, but
got too motion sick and you had to quit.
And I was kind of like, oh, she probably only got, you know, maybe she got through like
the first two chapters or something.
But no, I'm here tonight.
You're already on chapter seven.
Yeah.
I just started chapter seven.
So you almost caught up to me.
I just got to chapter eight last night.
So.
Which I'm just a few stages away from that really.
And I'm, I'm totally digging it.
The last fight though, I'm, I'm not going to spoil it because I did actually watch play
throughs a few times.
The last fight looks freaking difficult, but fun too at the same time.
So I'm looking forward to that.
All right.
Well, uh, if that does it for dark soccer's gaming week, then let's go to Loki and ask
Loki.
How was your gaming week?
Um, I didn't play a lot of anything actually just grand theft auto really cause I've been
playing, um, well I've been editing stuff in grand theft auto.
That's all I really been doing the last two weeks.
Um, well actually I did play like a few other small things, just mainly, um, play a little
bit of unpleasant horse, which is the new iOS game from, um, pop cap.
It's their, um, kind of spin off company that's doing it.
And it's funny because I don't know if there's more of these types of games coming.
I think there are, um, it's free, but what the premise of the game, the way they came
up with it is they had a hat with a bunch of random names in it, just different parts
of a name.
And so they pull out the name for the game and they have 48 hours to complete the, you
know, coding the game.
And so the premise of unpleasant horse is you're this unpleasant looking unicorn fat
chubby horse and, uh, you fly around or hop from cloud to cloud trying to land on happy
white, um, unicorn horses or whatever Pegasus is, I guess, and you crush them and make them
fall into meat grinders.
That's it.
It's hilarious.
Um, but yeah, definitely worth checking out since it's free and it's fun, especially if
you like horse violence like I do.
So that's it.
Well, you know, we covered, um, was it fourth and battery?
We covered that on the show a few weeks ago.
Right?
Yeah.
No, I remember the story about how it took a little while for them to get on the store,
but yeah, I didn't even realize the game had actually come out.
I, last I'd heard it had been delayed, so that's cool.
And then, um, let's see what else, uh, it was a really cool, actually I just real quick,
there was a really cool story in the, um, I was making the rounds on the blogs this
week and it didn't make our show roll tonight, but I'll mention it here.
I hear that PopCap designed some game as part of a make a wish thing for a nine year old.
I thought that was very cool.
Yeah, I think that's out there now to games of the aisle store too.
It's very cool.
I'm trying to think other stuff.
Oh, I was going to mod my laptop because, um, these wonderful aces laptops are not meant
for proper cooling and so I'm modding the back of it so I can play some more graphic
intensive games without feeling like my lap is on fire.
Um, and then, uh, let's see, other than gaming, I mentioned a few weeks back, and this is
really hilarious, um, how I was taking a test or whatever to get into Mensa while I passed
that test.
So I'm in Mensa now.
Congrats.
I don't know what to say.
So now what?
What do you do as a Mensa member?
Because now is that going to be your thing now?
Your little MO on the show is that, well Rob, as a, as a member of Mensa, I think my opinion
matters here.
I need to tell you.
Nothing.
I just want the plaque or whatever.
Your resume, right?
Yes.
You're wondering.
Hang it up in your office.
It's basically, yeah.
There you go.
I don't know.
I can attend a seminar if I want to or something, but go hang out with all the smart people.
All I can say is I can analyze games.
Where's your Mensa placard?
Fucking Michael Pachter.
Yeah, that's right.
I don't think you have one.
I guess my opinion means a little bit more than yours, so.
Nice.
Um, I was going to say you need to go to one of these Mensa conventions and I want to see
some Mensa hotties.
Mensa hotties?
I want to see a blog of Mensa hotties.
You're going to be all like looking like librarians, I bet.
That's now that's a stereotype, Dark Sakura.
That is a stereotype.
Vicious stereotype.
Does Loki look like a librarian?
I don't look like a librarian.
I was talking about the women, but okay.
Librarians are hot though.
No, it's just, I just, I don't even know why I took the test.
Sara Palin was kind of hot until she opened her mouth.
Anyway.
That all depends.
I mean, your opinion of Sara Palin, I mean, it might be even hotter if she opened her
mouth, but then when she started talking though, then that just went downhill.
Some people like them stupid, I guess.
No, I, I don't know.
I just thought it was funny.
But yeah.
All right.
Well, if that's it for your gaming week, then I'll talk about my gaming week.
Oh, and I just did a, sorry, sorry.
I just did a street pass thing with Rob.
So now I actually have two me's on my 3DS now.
Yay.
That's the first time my 3DS is street pass.
You know, it's awesome.
I talked about getting the 3DS on the show last week.
You know, it's awesome.
I went to the mall yesterday.
I went to the mall in the really nice part of town where all the spoiled rich kids are.
I went there.
I went to Best Buy.
I went to some other stores and I was like, oh, I've got a street pass with someone.
If it's like the demo unit in Best Buy, I'm going to street pass with someone before this
day's over.
I get home and I see, oh, uh, apparently the wireless was turned off the entire time.
That was really smart of me because you know, they put the wireless switch on the 3DS exactly
where they put the power switch on the old DS's.
Yeah.
God damn it.
Anyhow.
Oh, apparently I'm getting a link from Derek H in our chat room is actually linking us
to this, uh, website here as a part of cha cha.com I like this, uh, hot Mensa members.
And it's actually a link of some hot people that are Mensa members, some celebrities.
Well, I guarantee I'm not part of that list.
You are not because all these people have tits, Loki.
You do not have tits.
That's true.
Derek H, Gina Davis, Asia Carrera.
She's pretty hot.
Uh, she's not hot.
Well, Gina Davis is just getting old.
She was really hot.
Like 20 years ago.
Well, that's 20 years ago.
Anyhow.
What the hell?
Why do they have a little kid on there?
That's just weird.
All right.
Let's move on.
Uh, my gaming week, more of the same, uh, portal, of course, portal to, as I mentioned
before, I'm a chapter.
I also play some co-op, uh, obviously not on PSM, but I played on steam, which was a
lot of fun.
And, uh, you know, we weren't using voice chat at all because, uh, I was playing with
Miek Latov and the way his place is set up, he couldn't talk cause he would wake someone
up who was sleeping.
So, uh, I was, I was playing with him and we were using the text chat to type back and
forth.
And then portal also has, if you use like the F key, you can like point at things like
telling people where to put the portals.
So it was nice.
And like when I would get really frustrated, I'd hit F like a thousand times on the point
where I want to, you know, have him put a portal.
So that was fun.
I like that.
You each have a terminus?
Uh, yeah.
Oh yeah.
You each, it's like four portals.
All the co-op puzzles are four portals because you each have a portal guy.
So it's not like one's not the orange and the other's the blue.
Nope.
One's dark blue and light blue and the other one's dark orange and like, or I should say
light orange and red sort of thing.
So yeah.
I know that, um, in the original portal back, if you look at the beta pictures of it, they
had a purple and pink portal originally.
I was wondering if they maybe had borrowed the same scheme.
Perhaps.
I'm sure there's lots of ideas.
Well, you know, at one point portal two wasn't even supposed to be half portals.
That was one thing they were talking about was that it was going to be a whole new concept
in their game.
But actually that's where the gels come from, where there's like there's blue gels and orange
gels and white gels.
They got that from another game that was done by some more students at DigiPen.
Really?
Um, that and there's only one gel that they didn't take from that game that is like a
sticky, I think.
I'd have to look it up again.
But yeah, they took the repulsion and propulsion gel from another game and they actually hired
them all to help work with portal two.
The white gel is portal wall gel.
Yeah.
Moon rocks!
You can have a portal wherever you want.
So yeah, that wasn't supposed to have portals, but yeah, the game is still fun, exciting.
Co-op mode is great.
I haven't beat it yet, but we're probably like, I don't know, like think we're through
three of the areas.
So I think there's like five or six.
Been playing a little bit of Mortal Kombat, but not a lot.
A little more Street Fighter on the 3DS, but not a lot.
The one new game I've been playing a lot of this week is the Final Fantasy IV collection
on the PSP.
You might've forgot because it came out on a huge week, but that game came out and it's
redone versions of Final Fantasy IV, which of course was originally released as Final
Fantasy II in the United States, but it's IV in the canon.
It is not only the original Final Fantasy IV game redone.
It is redone in the style of Final Fantasy I and II on the PSP or I and II on the iPhone,
which was taken from the PSP versions, not III, which was taken from the DS versions.
But IV has been reimagined like I and II were with redone sprites, redone music.
Really cool though, you can go in and enable the original music if you'd like to hear that.
It's the modern translation, not the original Ted Woosley one from the 90s that's out.
You spoonie bard!
Well, they keep that line in, they have to keep that line in, but the rest is the proper
story with all the proper text for everything.
And it also has the After Years, the complete set of the After Years games, which were released
for several bucks a pop on the Wii, and did not have souped up graphics at all, it was
just the same graphics from the original Super Nintendo version.
So it's pretty cool that they released all that in one package, and it has a transition
episode that's completely brand new that transitions between the two games.
So all of it is new, very cool.
It's beautiful looking, I love that it's still 2D, like I don't hate the 3D one on the DS,
I mean it was great and I'm glad they did that, but it's nice to kind of play it still
the old school way, just with all the souped up graphics, like I wish this is what we could
get more of on like Arcade or Virtual Console for fuck's sake, like this would be a great
thing for them to have released.
But it works great on the PSP, looks beautiful, different transition graphics for the battles,
the battles look great, the magic's all been redone so it looks very high def and everything.
It's great, I'm really enjoying it, it's a great value for a Final Fantasy fan.
You know if you're not into the older Final Fantasy games, you don't really have the same
appreciation for them, I don't know if there will be a lot here for you.
I have a bad feeling it's not going to sell very well because I think it just came out
at a real crap time.
Hopefully it will sell a bit in catalog sales, I really want to see 5 and 6 get the same
retreatment, especially 6, it will be very nice.
So hopefully they'll sell a lot of 4.
And that's the other game I've been playing.
So that's really been about it, oh no, one other game I played, this is very important
because I promised last week on the show I would finally try it and I did, I played Minecraft.
And I gotta say Minecraft, the website is not, I'm going to just be honest, this is
my true reaction, a lot of people are going to think I'm an idiot and that's fine, but
I'll own up to it.
I did not find the Minecraft site to be very user friendly because it took me a minute
to kind of figure out there's like an old version that's free or there's an old multiplayer
or there's a new one that you can pay for and a new multiplayer, there's so many different
modes and the website's kind of dated looking and whatever.
So I finally found my way into the game and I played it and I don't get it, I don't get
the big deal.
Sorry guys, I don't understand why people are hailing Minecraft, it's like oh my god!
Maybe it's more fun with more people or whatever, but I found it to be about as thrilling as
the program from Lego that lets you build your own Lego structures and then you can
order the bricks and actually build them.
Don't get me wrong, that's kind of awesome too, but I did not think Minecraft was like
OMG!
I agree with you.
Did you play it too?
I've played Minecraft, I didn't care for it.
And that made me kind of sick.
Well, yeah, I mean, but you've got the whole first person shooter thing going on that you
don't usually do well with those.
But I just, I didn't get it.
I don't think it's put together very well either, I think it's not presented very well.
I guess it's one of those like hipster things that like if you're into it you're hip because
it's like hard to get in there and play and all that and build these things, whatever.
For some reason I was reminded of a really old game on the Super Nintendo called Populous
where you could kind of build, and this is also on, I want to say like Amiga, I think
it was originally an Amiga game, and obviously I had a PC port at some point too, and you
like raised and lowered land to keep your people safe and you kind of like played god
so to speak.
I don't know why, but with the whole like building blocks and then taking them away,
I felt very populist to me.
And I got to admit like all these people are like hailing it, it's this great thing.
I feel like I've played something like it before, I didn't feel that innovative to me.
So sorry, I guess that makes me not cool, I'm not hip.
It's okay Rob, we forgive you.
Anyhow.
I don't think it's cool either.
Moving on, other housekeeping, you can always join us on Facebook, facebook.com slash Orange
Lounge Radio.
Also on Twitter, twitter.com slash OLR, just the abbreviation there.
If you want to follow us there, and of course check us out on our website, www.orangeloungeradio.com.
No shows we're taking off in the foreseeable future.
We do have our ninth anniversary show coming up at the end of June, but that's still a
good six weeks away, so we'll give you more details on that as we get closer.
For now, let's get into gaming news, or as I should say, you have to remember what OLR
is all about.
We don't, it's very, very, very, very rare we ever break news on this show.
A lot of times, you know, we like to be friends, sitting around the table, talking smack about
games.
So sometimes it's about putting the news out there on the table to discuss.
So I don't think this is going to be news to anyone, but we need to put it out there
on the table.
So Loki, please, let's address the pink elephant in the room.
Whoa, whoa, wait a second, PlayStation network's been down?
Yes, it's been down.
I don't know if you've actually bought Portal 2 on PlayStation 3 or Mortal Kombat, which
were huge, huge releases on PS3 the week you were out, and now you can't play either of
them online.
Yeah.
I've never used PlayStation network, but yeah, it's been down for a while.
And you know, they even, they even went and had a press conference yesterday, ooh, press
conference, making everything official.
You know, hey, don't fear, everything's going to be okay.
But yeah, apparently they're going to be returning some services to the PlayStation network this
week, full services within this month.
And I just need to interrupt and say something, because this is really important, Loki.
Part of, you know, kind of the thing that, you know, with the hack and everything is
that credit card data was exposed, or at least they say possibly could have been compromised,
which hadn't come out at the time of last week's show.
And I just want to say, I called it, and I really hate being right sometimes.
That's the second time this year I've been right on some major news.
The other one we'll get to in a little bit, because I've not had a chance to gloat with
Loki here on the show, but I'll get my fair share in just after we cover this story.
All right, yeah, so the list of services that are returning to the PlayStation network this
week are the restoration of online gameplay across the PlayStation 3 and PSP systems,
licenses, including titles that require online verification and download games, access to
music unlimited power by curiosity, which I might add, curiosity is a terrible name
for a service, so thanks, Sony, for coming up with a new word that begins with Q.
Access to account management and password reset, well, that's important, considering
that, you know, our account's been breached and we need to change their passwords.
Well, you're not going to have a choice.
They're going to make you change your password when you come back on, that's a big, big part
of it.
Not only that, you have to do it from the original PS3.
Or an email thing, because, you know, some people have changed their PlayStation 3s.
PlayStation Home, oh goody, Friends List and chat functionality are coming back.
So yeah.
And then some other fun stuff, of course, they're also going to be, as their Welcome
Back program, they're going to be offering some free stuff for you, because they're sorry.
So the free stuff that they're going to be offering, a free download with, I believe
they were saying that was worth $20, maybe?
And then 30 days free of PlayStation Plus, I'm rolling my eyes.
And Curiosity, I guess a free membership to Curiosity or something like that.
Yes, 30 days of Curiosity.
Yeah, I like how those last two bits, oh yeah, we're just going to give you a trial to those
so that maybe you might buy them after, you know, the trial's up.
And a download.
You know, even though all your personal information's been stolen, one download should make you
forget all about that, right?
Eh?
No?
Maybe?
They didn't really say, yeah, the download price.
Kazurai was saying that, I guess, a few thousand yen worth of free downloads, so like $20 or
$25.
And yeah, that's interesting.
And then, of course, there's going to be a new PlayStation 3 firmware company with the
relaunch of the PlayStation Network, and they're saying that the network is physically being
rebuilt, because apparently it was just inferior as it was.
You know, it might help that if they didn't store these same, on the same servers, your
credit card information and all that stuff with these servers that actually sell product,
you know, they might want to keep that stuff separate in case one gets hacked, or the store
gets hacked, which is more likely.
So they're going to be doing that.
And they said, and of course, you know, I love it, to make them sound like they're really
on top of it.
Well, it's something we were planning on doing anyway, so we're just going to do it quicker
now.
We were on top of this.
Great.
I'm glad you were on top of it, so you knew that this was going to be a problem.
You just admitted to that.
And then, of course, you know, this is a real big deal, since, you know, about, they're
saying 70 million users worth of data have been leaked out, including credit card information.
So of course, Congress and Homeland Security are now forming task forces or, you know,
sending inquiries about what's going on.
So I guess Homeland Security and the FBI are going to be helping them out, you know, investigating
the data breach and all that stuff.
So I guess that's supposed to make us feel good.
So great.
Our tax money's going to this.
Well, I mean, it is only, like, I think the most major breach that's ever happened on
the internet type of thing, but, um, can I go off now?
Well, hold on.
There was a rumor that they were seeing it, um, the PlayStation, it was hacked through
a PlayStation 3, basically, you know, getting access to the store through custom firmware
or something like that, or some development side or something.
I don't know.
What if they staged this whole thing?
No.
The whole thing is, well, here's what it was, and it was really terrible, because all they
were doing the entire time was their, oh, those hackers, those hackers got in.
Yet there was never, oh, well, we're stupid, and we, you know, we didn't, you know, first
off, we didn't encrypt any of our personal data.
Haha!
Haha!
That's funny, you know?
We'll laugh about that later on.
And then second, you know, their servers were the same servers for, you know, all that stuff.
It's ridiculous.
Okay.
Um, I'm not going to be a satisfied PlayStation because I, you, you can throw all this free
shit at me, although I don't think, honestly, and this is one of the pro Sony things I'm
going to say, because I, I don't consider myself a Sony fanboy or an Xbox fanboy or
any of it.
I, I, I chew out everyone equally, because I love gaming, and these companies screw things
up and it's usually at a management level.
It makes me angry.
Um, and what makes me, the, the free stuff here, I don't think actually Sony really owes
you anything for free, because the network was free in the first place.
And, you know, if your credit card gets hacked, you don't ask the bank for free money.
I mean, you have a protection with your bank that the bank will, you know, look, if you
have a fraudulent charge, you're protected against that.
If you have any type of decent credit card or bank, you're protected against fraud and
all that stuff.
But there's still some onus on you to monitor your statements and monitor everything that's
going on.
But I think what they're really, it's not even necessarily, people think that they're
owed something for the network being down for a few days.
I think they're saying that they're owed something for the hassle of having to go through and
change all that information, get new credit cards and that kind of stuff.
Well, and yeah, I, I can understand that, but at the same time, if you weren't monitoring
your stuff before, you're an idiot, like, sorry, but this should have been a severe
wake up call to you if you haven't been monitoring your stuff before, because you could get your
stuff stolen from a gas pump from one of those readers.
You could get your stuff stolen from any clerk or any waiter at a restaurant that you give
your cards to.
You know, your card number gets out there exposed all the time.
You have to monitor that stuff and if this didn't serve as a wake up call to you, I don't
know what to tell you.
Well, honestly, the best way around any real risk is use cash.
Well, I suppose there's that too, but I don't want to be, I don't want to be tinfoil hat
either.
You know, my agreement with the bank, I'm fucking paying visa, right?
Because they get, there's either the interest that they're making off the credit card to
begin with, or in the case of debit cards, they take a percentage of the sale and so
forth.
These companies are paid to prevent fraud.
My problem here is I need to hear more about how Sony is going to prevent this from happening
again.
I understand they're hiring a privacy officer, which is fine.
I understand that they're moving their data center, whether it was planned already or
not, whatever, at least they're finally understanding, whoops, we fucked up.
And it's kind of one of those fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me.
Because if they put the damn thing back up and then they just get hacked again, they're
going to be, they're going to be dead as a company, period.
It's just like when Jack in the Box, uh, killed the people with Ecoli, a couple, it was probably
about 15 years ago.
Right after that happened, they were the safest restaurant to eat at because you knew if they
were going to mess up again, they would be out of business, every single one of them.
And they've been able to recover from what was an unfortunate mess now, obviously very
different scenarios because you're talking lives are not at stake in this scenario, what's
going on with Sony.
However, there still is certainly, you know, a big passion, big, big headline news thing
going on here.
So, um, there's some other things to consider though, is that what Sony got is that, uh,
Sony needs to kind of ask themselves, you know, how are we going to prevent the hacking
happening in the future?
I'm not condoning the hacking at all.
And you know, I, cause I see some stuff going on in the chat, but I want to make it clear.
The ultimate problem is not with Sony, it's with the hackers and whoever went into the
system in the first place, they are the problem.
And let's be real, if they try to use that credit card data that was stolen at this,
this point, they're going to have the FBI up their ass.
If you're a hacker that did this, or you're somebody that buys this data from the hackers,
you are an absolute moron who's just begging to go to jail because you're going to have
every state agency so far up your butt.
I mean, let's be real.
So if you do have that data, you really shouldn't use it.
Let's be fair.
Okay.
Now, uh, and so I certainly don't condone that.
That's, you know, hacking to that level where you are stealing information, whatever.
And if they, if they are trying to sell it for a profit, as some folks are saying, it's
up on forums and so forth, but you know, what's real and what's trolling.
We don't know.
You know, where's the line drawn.
So I don't condone the hacking.
However, you can't help but feel like Sony kind of opened themselves up to it a little
bit.
Throwing this out.
Sony did.
Didn't Sony kind of come out in the school yard and kind of wave their hands saying,
come at us.
How many times do they get up there on the stage at E3 and say, our system is unhackable.
Wait, wait, wait.
Just throwing this out there.
And I'm not sure on the accuracy of the rumor, but let's just pretend that it's real here
because it would fall in line with the lack of dedication to safety, I guess, or of our
information.
Apparently, the rumor is that that credit card list was encrypted with the same keys
that they use for the PlayStation 3.
Oops.
So the point is, and what I really want to get at here, and this is how Sony can really
earn back my trust, stop being so fucking hard headed.
It is time to admit your vulnerability.
And this press conference yesterday didn't cut it.
It didn't cut it because essentially they came out there and they just, you know, they're
trying to point fingers at everybody else except themselves.
And honestly, what really needs to happen is management needs to be shaken up.
Kazurai needs to come down.
Sorry.
That's what is really going to make me happy is for PlayStation to change their management.
However, unfortunately, I don't see that happening.
Well, what's I think also going to restore a lot of faith that customers might have in
them is for them to display that level of accountability.
Accountability for me, especially as a big thing with a company.
And if I'm seeing none of that, then I'm not going to give them my business.
I mean, that's why I pretty much decided I don't think I'm going to get anything else
for PS3.
At the end of the day, I think Sony can win me back.
I mean, it's not like corporations don't do dumb things once in a while.
And excuse me, Xbox fanboys, excuse me.
The Red Ring of Death thing was atrocious and was horrible on Microsoft's part.
But they've come a long way since then, to be fair.
And they handled it well.
They finally did extend their warranty and they admitted their problem.
That's what I need Sony to do here.
Yeah.
But I don't, until they have some accountability, I don't think I'm going to give them my business.
I mean, but it's a hard situation because, you know, I can see how some of you are thinking,
well, Rob, is that saying what the hackers did is okay?
No, that's not what I'm saying.
What the hackers did is not okay.
But you know what I've said on the show before, hackers going to hack.
And you know, this news we've seen, this stuff about Sony and so forth, they really have
just been inviting it.
This whole thing about, we want to subpoena everybody's PlayStation 3 that ever accessed
a website even remotely related to this GeoHots thing.
When he admitted he wasn't even after coming after data in the first place, he just wanted
to get the other OS thing back or whatever.
I mean, let's be real.
This all traces back to Sony taking off the other OS feature.
Yeah.
If Sony had never done that, this would have never happened.
Yeah.
But hindsight, you know.
Right.
But maybe it needed to happen.
Maybe we were all getting a little too comfortable with this whole digital distribution thing.
Maybe this, you know, and I've said this before on the show and I still mean it.
This is going to set digital distribution back a little bit because this goes beyond
Sony.
This is going to affect that horrific copyright protection thing that Capcom has.
If you bought a game like Bionic Commander or whatever, you haven't been able to play
it for the past 11 days on PlayStation 3.
And we're having class action lawsuits against only Sony.
I'm sorry.
Someone needs to file one against Capcom.
Yeah.
Sorry.
I can't play a game I bought.
That's your problem, that's kind of your problem.
You know, that's what I like to see happen.
No, I agree.
Alright, I'm going to chatroom.
Chat.orangelaunchradio.com.
Derek H. in our chatroom says, I would like a press release saying they've hired a hit
team to track down and assassinate the hackers.
You know, it's interesting, I did feel like at that press conference day they were really
trying to finger point at Anonymous.
They don't even know who did it.
And I know they keep saying, well, it could be Anonymous, but you know, they said they
didn't do it, but you know, there's no head to Anonymous, so it could have been another
cell of Anonymous.
Yeah, but the whole thing was, I think, is people used Anonymous because there was that
whole conflict going.
So whoever it was that was planning on doing this probably said, oh, now seems like a good
time because they're going to be looking at them.
Or be distracted by them.
And so that's when they went and did it.
And if it was actually what they, the rumor is, where that it was part of this Rebug firmware
that was out there that gave you basically developer access that you could actually download
content for free and stuff.
That was one of the rumors I heard that they, one of the reasons that they took the store
down because someone found a way to basically steal PlayStation Network stuff.
But then again, you know, I don't know, they're not really being forthcoming with everything
that happened.
Even during their press conference, they're like, well, we can't confirm that anybody's
actually touched the credit card data that was even compromised.
So you know, they're kind of going back on saying, oh, well, you know, the credit card
stuff's not compromised, but here's all this stuff that you need to do to make sure that
your credit card's okay.
You know, it's like, oh, well, that doesn't sound very sure of yourself now.
That's a CYA move.
Rama says, and also I guarantee that a few people may have lost their jobs over this.
You know, and it's always unfortunate for job loss.
I just hope the right people lost their jobs over this because if it was the people down
in the trenches, that's not who needs to be losing their jobs over it.
And you know, I don't want to just go off speculation either.
If Sony shook up their management, I want to see the receipts.
Going to the chat room with some more comments here.
Rama says, Sky, yes, Microsoft got a black eye for the red ring of death, but Microsoft
stepped up to the plates and handled it.
When people bitched at Nintendo about the Wiimotes, they stepped up.
Now that people are bitching to Sony, they turn a blind eye and say, that's not, there's
not a problem.
Jedi mind trick my ass.
Absolutely right.
That's my whole point.
And that I don't think that press conference yesterday cut it.
And I really don't know what is to blame except the management at Sony.
It's being a poorly managed company right now.
That's that.
Let's see, also, some other folks in chat, Defective Candy saying, gah, it wasn't Anon.
Bangs her head against the desk.
Well, I mean, the only problem Anon has is that because it is the way it is, and I'm
not knocking Anon, like, you know, whatever, it's just a subculture of the internet.
But the problem with Anon is because it has no face, it's really easy to point the finger
at them.
It's really easy for Kasarai to get up there and say, well, Anon was in our systems and
Anon did this hacking and, you know, we're sending the FBI and the top people on this.
We're going to make an example out of some of those Anon kids.
Very easy to blame them.
Well, good luck.
You know, they have yet to find any of these people anyways.
And you know, how are they going to prove who did it?
I mean, that's tough.
That's the best thing about it.
That's the smartest thing any type of vigilante group can do on top of that is to be completely
decentralized.
You know, not know who the other parties are.
Dungeon Buster in Artarum says, I don't think that's necessarily related to anything about
GeoHots or Anonymous.
Sony has a lot of other enemies.
Perhaps everything else that was going on with the other companies showed the real person
who hacked all this how easy it was to do.
Maybe, I still think though, a lot of what happened leading up to this helped whoever
did it.
We've got an email coming up that's got a pretty interesting suggestion.
So I'm going to...
Alright.
Here's my suggestion though, is all this free stuff you're throwing my way, like free download
and free PlayStation Plus and free Curiosity, I don't care about two thirds of that.
And the download, I might not even care about that either.
So I mean, that's like saying, imagine if you will, Rob, that you went to a restaurant,
nice restaurant or whatever, or not even necessarily a nice restaurant.
Say you went to Jack in the Box, we'll use Jack in the Box again, and you went there
and you bought something and someone stole your credit card information, stole your identity,
and you found out, you went to the management and they're like, here's a voucher for a free
jumbo jack, sorry.
Would that cut it with you?
I would be kind of like, really?
This is what you're giving me?
Here's the thing though, I'm not fully convinced that only Sony is vulnerable to a hack like
this.
And we've heard of other personal data being compromised on other websites and so forth.
So I'm not sure I fully believe that my information is 100% secure with Microsoft, with one of
their only services, Steam, with Blizzard.
I don't know, but I'm not going to freak out about it.
I'm not going to panic and I'm not going to cancel all my credit cards and all that stuff
because the money I pay to have a debit or credit card in the first place is supposed
to pay to protect me from the fraud.
So I'm not that worried about it.
And I can thank the PlayStation for being so useless to me that the last time I used
my credit card, it had expired that same month, so hahaha!
You have old credit card information, good luck spending that money.
Dan was saying right before the show though, the one time he finally decided to buy something
on PlayStation Network, that was when Moondiver came out, because it's done by the dude that
did Strider.
Then all this goes down and he's like, well shit.
But I mean, other than that, we never really used PlayStation Network, I had zero interest
in it.
I didn't make a profile until we had our system for two years.
If that's any indication, when I was playing Final Fantasy 13.
Let me go back to this too in our chatroom, because this is a good point and it came up
on my Twitter earlier, but it hasn't come up yet on the show here tonight.
Tiger Kong in our chatroom says, you don't have to worry about Nintendo getting hacked,
they don't hold any personal info other than friend codes.
Well now, despite the shit we've given Nintendo over the years about being so fucking far
beyond the times, behind the times when it comes to online stuff, right now, their way
of handling credit card payments looks pretty fucking good.
In light of all this.
I would rather have security than convenience.
Just so you know, the Nintendo Wii makes you put in your complete credit card info every
time.
It doesn't save it.
And sometimes it can get a little frustrating, it's like, here I am, putting it in again
on the Wiimote.
But right now, that system looks pretty darn good.
No it doesn't, because, I'm sorry.
Once again.
Not that I'd actually buy anything on virtual console right now.
I don't care, you know, let's praise Nintendo for being lazy.
I'm sorry.
I'm not saying praise them.
I'm just saying, it's ironic how this all kind of works out where Nintendo has really
nothing to lose with what happened here.
Because of the fact they're so far behind the times.
So my only point is that maybe we were moving ahead too fast.
We weren't moving ahead too fast, it was just they had poor security, that's all.
They thought that, oh, we're big bad Sony, we're just perfect, we're never gonna get
hacked.
And that was the wrong, first off, that's the wrong thing to go touting.
That'd be like saying, hey, good luck trying to break into my house and steal my stuff.
I mean, come on, you're just, you're...
People are motivated by spite.
You know, if you're trying to, people like being competitive.
And people like, you know, challenging things that you're giving them, especially a company.
They like looking at the company as the evil corporate giant.
And if you go and say, well, good luck doing that, rrrr, people are gonna take the David
and Goliath route and they're gonna try to bring Goliath down.
And you know, for every hundred people that try and fail, someone's gonna do it.
So you know how you avoid that?
You don't go saying, try to hack me.
Being in the chat room at chat.orangehonestrader.com, there's lots of interesting stuff going on
in the chat room right now.
Let's see, Spaznator in our chat room says, I really didn't expect any freebies.
All I'd like is an I'm sorry and assurance that they're learning from their mistakes.
Thank you.
That would be great, actually.
Derek H in our chat says, Sky, that's like saying a horse and carriage looks good after
you get into a car accident.
You know, it's really funny that you use that as an example because my mom has a true diagnosed
fear of driving cars and vehicles and all that.
And a lot of it has to do with the fact that, you know, she just didn't like them, whatever,
growing up or what have you.
And the one time she decided to buck her fear and get behind the wheel of the car after
going through the process, getting a license, all that stuff, you know, she finally decides
to drive on the freeway for the first time in 20 years.
She got sideswiped by a truck.
It wasn't even her fault, by the way.
It was somebody else.
And so now she refuses to drive on the freeway ever and she will only drive the car herself.
Like if it's like a do or die scenario.
So actually, horse and carriage rides can be very romantic.
Well, I actually will say this.
I do prefer Nintendo's method of not storing the information because whenever I pay, the
only I think online thing ever that has my information saved is my PayPal, which I used
to pay for any online service now because I can stop my information from PayPal and
the site won't have my information or my WoW subscription.
But other than that, nowhere else has my information.
Black Wolf in our chat room says, you know, the Battlestar Galactica wasn't affected by
the Cylon attack because it didn't use as much future technology as the other Battlestars.
Excellent point, Bobby.
At least somebody who's on the same wavelength as me.
All right.
I, yeah, I don't know what else to say about it.
You know, that hasn't already been said.
I just, where's the, I'm sorry.
We'll see what happens.
Moving on.
I do have another story that's kind of in the same vein as a lot of this stuff, if you
will.
And what did I say was the root cause of all of this?
Sony removing the other OAS feature in the past.
And interesting enough, Sony's troubles may not be over as far as that's concerned.
They've actually lost what could be a landmark decision in this whole thing.
Now here's the deal.
It's not as major as it might seem, but it happened in Finland.
And it happened by what's called a consumer's board.
It is a ruling, but it's a consumer's board.
It's not necessarily a government legitimate courtroom ruling, but the consumer's board
in Finland has decided that this man who actually took Sony to court, oh, they were removing
the other OAS feature, that Sony needs to cough up a hundred euros for doing it.
That he should get that because he lost the Linux ability after updating to play a newer
game that he bought for the system.
Here's a quote from the original article, which is floating around.
I'm looking at this off a web forum, so I apologize.
I don't know where this came from originally.
The man at the center of the case in Finland, which was brought to the consumer complaints
board, lost the ability to use an alternative operating system after an update was installed
from a new game.
He was seeking 150 euros in damages for the removal of the other OAS feature.
The CCB said that the removal of other OAS crippled console features that were present
at the time of purchase and agreed that consumers should be compensated.
It recommended that the manufacturer and seller of the console pay a hundred euros jointly
to compensate the man.
The CCB does not have the power to enforce the ruling, but the opinion of this board
in Finland is considered by the courts in a dispute, meaning if it does go to court,
this will weigh heavily on what happens.
So, interesting.
I guess if Sony truly thought their system, I mean, well this also kind of goes back to
Sony being hard-headed.
Sony put the other OAS feature in there because they were convinced it could not be used to
hack their system because it was unhackable.
The minute they found it, oh, it was hackable, oh, they removed it.
Well, maybe you shouldn't have put it there in the first place!
And still though, it's like saying, you know, oh, well this feature, no one's really using
this feature.
Okay, it's a feature on something and you remove it.
People are going to be pissed because it is, somebody is obviously using it.
If no one was using it, why'd you put it there in the first place?
I mean, that's like saying, oh, Spanish language?
No one uses a Spanish language.
I can just speak English or French.
So there you go.
It'll be interesting to see what develops of that.
Sony's troubles may not be over.
We're going to be talking about the legal team moving from whatever was going on with
Geohotz to now having to deal with class action lawsuits over the downtime.
This whole other OS lawsuit and there's a whole other nightmare of problems.
I just hear the Benny Hill theme playing in the background right now.
That's all I hear.
Yeah.
Anyhow, Dark Soccer, don't you have something, just something to take my mind off.
How about some good news?
How about it?
How about something for Portal 2?
There's going to be a new download content this summer.
Valve put out an announcement and it's free, which is great.
It'll be called DLC number one and it will have new test chambers, leaderboards, challenge
mode for single and multiplayer, quote and more, end quote.
It will be on all platforms, Mac, PC, Xbox 360, and maybe PlayStation three, maybe?
And uh, it'll be on, yeah, it'll be on PS3.
I'm just making a poke, but hey, that's pretty cool.
And I so much love the game already that it'd be kind of neat to have some new stuff to
do.
You gotta admit though, every developer, every single one of them who makes money off DLC,
who makes money off designing games specifically for the Xbox live arcade and PlayStation network
platforms has got to be looking at what's going on right now, 11 days of lost sales.
This is free.
I know this is free, but I just, it just reminds me of that whole thing and that's why I'm
saying the impact on the whole digital distribution thing will be felt.
Anyhow, I like free things though.
I hope part, I hope we do get more maps and things that let this game live on.
It'd be great.
And I think it's a good value as it is, but just if they enhance that value, especially
if they have like a map editor for people, Oh my gosh.
I think that's one of the things I was hearing about going to be coming out actually is that
they're because that was always been kind of cool though.
Like, you know what Gary's mod is, right?
You know, the modding community is really big out there and they've, you know, paid,
you know, to put some development into some of this.
So they're seeing people doing the same thing with portal and are encouraging it.
And I think they're supposed to have, I remembered hearing something about them having some sort
of level sharing coming out.
There was some fan wank discussion last night.
I want to say it was one when I was on wow about talking about how awesome it would be
if like there was a Tron themed portal level or something like that.
And I'm like, that fan wank could be a reality if they do release some of these like map
editors and things, somebody will be on that.
You know it.
It's ironic, but the orange and blue would fit very well with the Tron universe.
Wouldn't it?
So yeah, and considering, yeah, actually it would.
Can you imagine like a death match portal type thing or like four player portal or something
that we just death match portal?
I don't know.
I, I don't know.
There's I, there's part of me that wants to say no, they should think about the more competitive
stuff when portal three comes out and there's a part of me that says actually portal three
should probably never come out.
I don't think there should be a portal three.
You know, maybe it's like one of those movies that really doesn't need a sequel.
I don't see at all possible how there could be a portal three where there's money to be
made.
There's always, they're saying though that for, um, half life three that what's your
face tell is supposed to be in half life three.
Yeah.
Speaking of like valve and things that end in three, I'm not so sure that's a possibility
with house actually.
Have they ever gotten to three in their series three episode three is supposed to be episode
three is a myth.
Okay.
Yeah.
Let's see.
Left for dead.
Well, the first two came out real quick.
Then there was never a third one portal.
Well, we'll see.
And yeah, no, I don't know.
Did they ever get to three?
I'm not saying this necessarily a bad thing.
I'm just, you know, well, let's put it this way.
We haven't heard of any new games from valve yet and I can imagine that there's a certain
E3 convention around the corner.
So I'm sure with, you know, nothing really on the slate from valve, there's lots to possibly
announce.
Yeah.
This could finally be where they do drop the bombshell about half life episode three, but
I don't know.
Or left for dead threes with a portal gun in there.
Or maybe something new.
I mean, I kind of trust valve with new ideas right now.
You know, they've had a lot of good stuff.
Like left for dead, great game, often copied portal.
Excellent little thing.
I mean, I'm, I'm all for whatever they come out with next.
I believe one of the things they have on the horizon is their whole, uh, defense of the
ancients.
Dota.
He's called Dota two.
Yeah.
They have an official Dota thing coming out, which was originally a Warcraft three mod,
but they hired the people that made it.
It's not the same thing as league of legends.
In fact, legal legends is kind of, it's this whole, the defense of the ancients thing has
gone a million different ways because blizzard has their own thing coming to starcraft legal
legends is out there too, by, I believe some of the people that were involved with Dota
in the beginning.
And then the people that got hired from valve for Dota have the official Dota two game
coming out.
And I think that's probably what you're going to see.
Most of it E3 this year out of valve, anyhow, free stuff.
Yeah.
Free stuff is good.
And I'm all for continuing to expand the terrific game that is portal two, but I would honestly
be still be happy with my purchase if they never expanded it.
But I think I'm still having fun.
Oh yeah, absolutely.
I just think it's a great value.
Anyhow, Loki, let's move on.
Ah, yes.
And the, the other big story that was floating around the web of course is the off rumored
a sequel console for the, we obviously, I mean, there's going to be a new console from
Nintendo at some point.
Um, now Nintendo has officially announced that yes, they will be talking about a successor
to the Wii, not necessarily a Wii two, but a, another console coming, um, for 2012.
And of course, um, you know, they're saying, uh, you know, it's going to be shown off at
E3.
It's going to be playable E3, um, probably if you're pressing behind doors, but you know,
it will be playable.
It'll be there.
Thing that has the Uber long line to play.
Yes.
That's been Nintendo's E3 motif for years, uh, minus the airport, of course, tons of
rumors about what it is and project cafe and all that fun stuff.
And just so you know, last week we talked at length about this cause a lot of the rumors
had come out.
Now we have the confirmation Nintendo saying, okay, yes, it's happening and we'll see you
at E3.
That's, that's the news from this week.
Last week we talked at length about a lot of stuff, just so you know, which by the way
would include when I in January on this program said, Nintendo is showing a new console at
E3 this year because they've got nothing going for them on the Wii right now, but that new
Zelda game and you, Loki, said, no, no, they're not going to show, no, the Wii still prints
money.
They're not going to show a new console at E3.
So I just wanted to say, thank you.
Okay.
Um, but you're still wrong with them not having anything coming out on the Wii.
What's going to come out on the Wii?
Let's see.
They've already got two games that they have coming out in June.
Wii Play Motion and Mystery Case Files, which was previously Dust Dust.
And then they also have their Zelda game coming out, which yes, I can probably see them doing
another Twilight Princess, oh, it's meant for the Wii, but we're going to port it over
to the new system because, uh, well actually, you know what, I don't know if they would
do that because if it's coming out at the end of 2012, then I don't think that they
would delay it that long.
They need something for Christmas this year.
If the system isn't coming out until 2012, uh, you know, and to be fair, I had speculated
like why are they waiting until 2012?
But I guess they did the same thing with the 3DS.
They do need something this year.
And I actually think you calling the new Super Mario Brothers sequel, I think is a distinct
possibility for the rabbit out of their hat for the Wii this year.
Let's, yeah, I know you guys talked about this last week, but I wasn't here, so I'm
just going to get my take on a lot of stuff.
And you love Nintendo more than anyone on this show, so definitely want to know your
opinion.
Listen, okay, we've got to think like Nintendo here and why they're doing what they're doing.
Here's how it's going to all work, I think.
Okay, let's take the name Project Cafe.
What is a cafe?
A cafe is a place that you go gather with your friends.
It's a very casual meeting place, lots of, you know, chatting and interactivity and that
kind of stuff.
So maybe now the focus is going to be, and you know, that'd be great if they actually
did more like online kind of think of like Facebook stuff, you know, where you're sharing
stuff with your friends, you're, you know, conversing.
It's very casual, I don't know, lots of online content, we'd hope.
Sorry, I have to say S2100 Matt in the chatroom says, Rob, the Christmas hot seller is the
Vitality sensor.
I guarantee you the Vitality sensor is dead, it's been swept under the rug.
However, you may see it rear its little ugly head on whatever, like, you know, just a little
piece of metal on the back of some controller.
Nintendo will never fully scrap an idea.
It will rear its ugly head again at some point, but as far as the Wii Vitality sensor, no.
It got laughed out of submission.
Alright, so anyways, so you may see something like that, but this is Nintendo we're talking
about here, so I don't know if they're actually going to do that.
I would hope that, you know, now being that this is the next generation of consoles, they
would understand that yes, okay, online gaming is something that people do want, you know,
social, you know, community features, something that people do like having, because Facebook
is popular, all this stuff's popular, let's bring it in, okay, so let's assume that they're
going to do that.
Oh God, that's why the controllers are all touch screens, because they're going to want
you to take them out in public, just like the 3DS, they're going to want you to take
those things with you wherever you go, so that when you meet people, you can, like,
do the game data trades, just like the 3DS.
No, I don't think they're going to be doing that.
Really?
And here's, here's, okay, first off, they're not going to have a controller like, well,
they're going to have, they may have a controller with a six, I have a hard time believing that
there's going to be a six-inch touch screen on a controller, because that's going to be
fucking expensive.
Just so you know the kind of level where I speculated last week, I said if it's true,
if it's even true, because, you know, all the people kind of come out of the woodwork
about, you know, these speculations and so forth, if it's true, you know, at one point
the Wii was supposed to project 3D imagery on the wall, remember that, but here's the
thing, if it's true about these touch screens, I think it's like a, like the printers, like,
you know how there's a lot of $300 printers out there where you can take the screen off
and, like, digitally manipulate your photos on the screen and then print them from that,
and they're kind of like a low-quality screen, but they are full-color and they look alright?
I think it's that, but, like, a fucking iPad is a controller?
No.
No, it's, it's not anything like that.
If anything, I would see maybe it's some sort, because you have to also understand, Nintendo's
not going to compete with themselves.
Why would they release something that could be used as, like, a portable gaming device
when they have a portable gaming device that doesn't make any sense?
If anything, they'd want you to use your 3DS or something like that for some sort of connectivity,
but whatever, okay?
And then the other thing, too, is the cost of this thing, I mean, if this controller's
like $100, people are like, fuck that, I ain't buying a $100 controller.
I think the 3DS will stand in as a controller.
I think that's how they don't bite themselves in the foot.
It's a controller that will also do the 3D display.
Okay, so let's just assume, okay, let's say that, I mean, don't get me wrong, they could
come up with some really low quality screen that could, I mean, look at the PlayStation
1 low monitors that were $50 or whatever, I mean, you put a touchscreen display on top
of there, a touch panel display, you could, you know, kind of jerry-rig something like
that.
So, anyways, so let's say they, that's going to happen, that'd be interesting, I guess,
but they're also saying that they're still going to keep the original controls as well,
because, like I'm expecting, this system's probably just going to upscale these old Wii
games.
So you know how you see all this emulator footage with 1080p, new Super Mario Bros.
and stuff like that, and how it looks really pretty?
There you go!
Your games are brand new again, and we can still sell Wii games, you know.
I think they're even going to take one of two approaches.
They're either going to try to get everybody to go up onto this new platform, or they're
going to try to keep this platform along with the Wii.
You know, you have the Wii for the casual people that don't want to spend a lot of money
on stuff, and then you have this new system for the hardcore players that really want,
you know, something that has the graphics and all that.
But guess what, though?
If you have those Wii games that you want to buy, they look really pretty on your new
HD platform or something like that.
But all I gotta say is- I think you are on the money on this.
I really do.
I hate saying when you're, I think when you talk about this, and yeah, and it's funny
because somebody in chat, who said this in chat, said, Amiga777 in chat said, please
no illusions, the dolphin GameCube had next to nothing to do with water.
But I honestly think, like, what's the one place where everybody always razzes Nintendo
online?
What does Nintendo want a piece of?
What everybody's into.
That's what the Wii was all about, was trying to get everybody into gaming.
Don't think they don't look at Facebook and say, hmm, how could we get a part of this?
I just hope- This is the Facebook- But I just really hope that they don't try to do some
stupid gimmick with this touchscreen thing, because honestly I don't need another fucking
gimmick from Nintendo.
I mean, let's just stop- Nintendo is a fucking lazy company.
I'm sorry.
They are a fucking lazy company, and you know why?
Because they will take the least amount of effort to put out a new game.
I mean, they're porting old shit for the 3DS, okay great, you're updating stuff.
Why don't you create a damn new game?
You can do it in the same style as the old game.
You know, you did the same thing with, like, you know, the Wind Waker looking stuff on,
you know, the DS, or I guess Wind Waker, yeah.
So you did it, like, on the DS, but, you know, why can't you just create new games that look
like the old games?
Why do you have to port the old games over?
It's because you don't want- You want to spend the least amount of time possible working
on this shit, because people will buy it no matter what you put out.
So what's the least possible effort that they can put in a new console?
Oh, I don't know!
Something that takes the old games and makes them look new.
That's what you're gonna do.
And then they can put out new games that look even nicer if they want, but at the same time,
they don't have to do that much because they can just put out these low-quality games and
they upscale everything and it looks pretty.
Yeah, but I don't think- But I don't- This is not gonna be Wii 2.
It's absolutely not gonna just be the Wii with enhanced graphics.
Absolutely not.
I mean, there's a whole little follow-up-
But if it was, they should call it the Wii Wii.
There's a follow-up article to this where they actually said they came out and said-
What is this?
Satoru Iwata comes out and says, quote, we would like to propose a new approach to home
video game consoles.
Please.
Okay.
A new approach to home video game consoles.
So with the Wii- Is the Facebook thing.
Yes.
So with the Wii- But not actual Facebook, Nintendo book.
With the Wii, they were trying to get people that were getting non-game players to play
this console.
So were they gonna try to- It's kinda hard though, because now, what are they gonna try
to bring- Oh my god, this would be- This would be hilarious, because it'd be basically eating
their own words.
Wouldn't it be funny if they just like came out with something that's very similar to
like the iOS marketplace or something like that, really cheap-ass games, and this whole
like iPad type thing?
DSiWare?
Well, no, I understand that they have DSiWare, but you know, I'm saying to the point where
it's, you know, more than three releases a week or something like that.
You know, just something ridiculous and very casual games.
I'd laugh my ass off because, you know- Oh, Apple, they're stupid, you know.
Oh, then we're gonna copy them!
I don't know.
I can't really pass judgment on it yet until we actually see what it is, but I, you know-
Let me put it this way.
If it's anything like the other Nintendo promises and stuff that we've seen, a lot of it is
really eye roll-worthy.
I mean, seriously, remember the Wii Zapper?
I mean, I go back to the Wii Zapper, you know, when they first showed it off, the prototype,
it looked fucking badass.
It was like, oh yeah, dude, that's the Zapper right there, and then when they came out with
this plastic shell Zapper that looked like shit, it was like, what?
Really?
That's your controller?
And speaking of which, when did we- are we ever gonna get any other controllers that
plug into the bottom of the goddamn Wii remote?
Because we have the nudge- No, you're not.
Because they're on a new console now, so the answer is no, Loki.
You're not.
I can answer that for you.
All these promises.
You're welcome.
Just never following through.
Let me ask you this, because obviously you're one of Nintendo's biggest critics, it's why
people love you or hate you.
But yet you own a 3DS and you've owned multiple 3DSs.
Yeah, but I don't play it, and I don't even know why I own it.
I'm not razzing you on it.
My true question for you is, what could Nintendo do at E3 with this console to make you go,
okay, Nintendo, I misjudged you.
You're on the right track again.
Get with the times.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what they need to do.
They need to take themselves seriously, because if they try to pull out another system that's
just another gimmick, you know, another gimmicky system, and I'm sorry, the 3DS is kind of
a gimmicky system.
I bought into the gimmick, because all it is is a fucking DS with 3D gameplay, a little
bit better graphics.
But that's it.
I mean, they're not really, I mean, whoopty shit.
It has tilt controls on it.
I don't want tilt controls, but whatever, you know, that's part of it.
But I mean, if they're just, if, I need something a little bit more than just, oh look, new
Mario game.
Oh look, another Mario Kart.
Oh look, another Zelda game.
Maybe make a new franchise.
You know, you've been dealing with these old franchises for a long ass time.
How about creating the next good franchise, or maybe just, I don't know, putting a little
bit more effort into something, because if we put out another Zelda game, you know, or
if they take Twilight Princess and like make it look even prettier or something like that,
or like that one Zelda game that they were showing off that was Twilight Princess at
one point, and then they ended up, you know, scrapping that kind of look for the game because
it's a dark, you know, Zelda game or something.
I don't know.
Maybe a little bit more than just Nintendo games and better graphics.
I mean, I don't know.
I would just, I want to see what they're offering.
That's really, I guess we'll have to wait and see.
But I'm sorry, I know for a fact that I'm going to be laughing my ass off during this
press conference.
You know, it's just going to be, because they have these really wacky ideas of what people
want, but apparently it works for them, so you know, I'm not going to fault them for
it, but you know, at the same time, there's consoles out there that I'm playing way more
than Wii.
Although, to be fair, my wife has gotten back to playing the Wii.
I did break my Wii for a little bit, though, and I had to fix it by swapping out the motherboard,
but you know, and then we got back into playing some of the old Wii games that we liked, like
Excite Truck, which Nintendo, for the love of God, just make another damn Excite Truck
game, do not make Excite Bots, just another Excite Truck game with more tracks.
That'd make me happy.
How about a new F-Zero?
That's what I asked for on last week's show.
Eh, whatever.
Uh, play Speed Racer.
It's pretty much F-Zero.
Um, no but seriously, they just need to do that.
Just make, yeah, perfect example right there.
Excite Truck.
Launch Wii title, use some of the features of the Wii that like, you know, like, oh SD
memory cards.
You can play your own music off the SD memory card.
That's really awesome.
It made that game so much more awesome, because you can listen to your music while you're
driving in this really awesome racing game.
Sequel comes out.
What do they do?
Oh, guess what?
We need more mini games in there.
Mini games do not belong in a fucking racing game.
Oh, and then we take out the whole, you know, music playing feature, because no one really
used that.
Thanks, Nintendo Sony.
Um, and then also they just add a couple extra tracks, but seriously, throwing a pie at a
clown's face should never be in a racing game.
Bullying should never be in a racing game.
Throwing darts should never be in a racing game.
Making a sandwich should never be in a racing game.
Ever.
I get that it's wacky and stuff, but it's not fucking Excite Truck.
So that's what Nintendo needs to do to make you happy is stop making sandwiches.
They need to treat us like adults instead of just little, little kids.
Get it.
People.
Yeah, I get it.
People like the party games on the Wii, because, you know, Wii is kind of a social game, but
you don't need to make every goddamn game a party game, and you also don't need to make
every damn game a family game.
What about this comment from Forbes 1-1-1 in our chat, Loki?
Again, they don't care about what you want.
It's about the money.
I retorted.
If they want the money, they need to care about what we want.
Well, how well did Excite Truck sell?
Not very well.
Maybe that's why they didn't give you more of that.
Because they didn't advertise damn game.
It was an awesome game, and it's really underrated, and I'm really sad that they...
But here's the thing.
Yeah, you're right.
You don't have to do what I want, but I don't have to buy your console either.
And you know what?
As consoles get more expensive, and money gets tighter, I won't be buying every console
that you put out.
And yeah, the 3DS was pretty much an impulse buy, and you know what?
Kind of have some buyer's remorse over it, because there weren't any...
There weren't any really must-have games at launch, and you know what?
There aren't really any must-have games in the next portion of the year.
And yeah, I know Zelda's coming out.
But as I've said before, Ocarina of Time is the most overrated fucking game on the Nintendo
system ever.
Agreed.
So you know what?
I'm not buying Ocarina of Time, so what's that leave me with?
Fucking nothing!
Because there's nothing coming out!
So...
Kid Icarus.
Yeah, Kid Icarus.
Oh, great!
Well, then I'll enjoy my three games for the next nine months, or whatever it's gonna take
for Kid Icarus to come out.
So that's it.
You know, we'll see what they...
Netflix 3DS, that's what I'm looking forward to.
We'll see what they bring to the table, you know, at E3.
But just remember this, you know, and another thing.
Here's the other thing that'll make me happy, Nintendo.
When you release your console, and you're talking about the features that are gonna
be on your console, they better not be coming in an update that's five months, three months,
one month, one day after the console's release.
It better be at fucking launch.
It's like a stupid 3DS.
Oh, it has a web browser!
Oh, a feature coming later.
Sorry.
All right, let me move on to something else.
Let's talk about something very serious here.
I want to talk about Beyonce for a minute.
That's serious.
This is very serious.
Beyonce is being sued because, God, we love lawsuits this week.
That's what we seem to be reporting on.
Beyonce got sued for $100 million!
She probably has it.
Beyonce, even though her new single is terrible, just saying.
But Beyonce has been sued for $100 million from Gate 5.
Why is she being sued?
Well, it's because the singer made this huge demand for more money during a crucial moment
in the production of a game called Star Power Beyonce.
That's right.
They were making a game called Star Power Beyonce.
I have no idea what this game would have been.
I imagine it must be like the Michael Jackson experience or something.
I don't know.
She stars out of her cooch.
A music game that involves Beyonce, where you could do the single ladies dance in the
privacy of your own home.
Put your hands up.
Anyhow, Gate 5 says, we are entitled to the $6.7 million that we invested and the $100
million in profits that we would have made.
They had to let 70 employees go right at the Christmas season because of what Beyonce did.
What a Grinch.
And they want an injunction against Beyonce from commercially associating with any other
video game or using confidential information that she got when she was working with the
company.
Isn't it ironic that she was in a commercial for the DS as well, I think, mid last year.
It was the year before.
Like she's actually going to retain any confidential information gained from a video game company.
Like she remembered anything.
That information was like poof.
It just evaporated out of her head.
Oh, yeah.
That was real cool.
You guys looks real cool.
But how much you pay me?
Seriously, she picked up nothing.
Yeah.
Maybe her people did.
Her entourage.
I don't know.
Yeah.
I think Jay-Z sat with her in those meetings.
I'm sorry.
We now have a discussion going about people buying Beyonce cootch stars.
I said I would rather buy Gaga cootch stars.
I wouldn't buy.
How about all cootch stars?
Just get all the crazy ladies.
A Beyonce game sounds dumb.
I'm sorry.
It would have made money.
It wouldn't be like the biggest video game ever, but it would have made money.
A hundred million dollars, I mean, that's way more than if they were going to spend
a hundred million dollars or they spent a hundred million dollars in this game.
No, they think a hundred million is what they lost.
They lost.
Oh, come on.
They would have never.
They would have never made a hundred million dollars on this game.
That would require them selling.
Let's just say it's a fifty dollar retail game.
And let's just say that it's all pure profit.
I mean, because this is never going to.
I mean, it would be way more than that.
They would have to sell more than two million copies of this game to make their money back,
assuming that they were getting all of the money from the actual game sale, which they're
not.
So, you know, they're saying that this game would have sold over two million copies.
It would have not sold over two million copies.
It would have sold two hundred thousand copies at the most.
So they would have had to fire people anyway.
So who cares?
Alright, well, let's move on with some more gaming news, and then we're going to get to
the release dates here in a little bit.
Trying to keep the show moving right along with what was a pretty hefty news week.
And I know there's going to be lots of phone calls tonight, so I want to keep some time
open in Part B.
So it's my turn?
That's right.
It's your turn.
Tron!
But you have to do the single ladies dance.
No.
Alright.
Tron.
Guess what about Tron?
Pinball!
Ooh, happy, happy, happy, happy.
Yeah, I showed this to Dan, and he's like, what pinball tables can we get rid of to get
this?
I was actually thinking that.
I was like, which pinball tables are you going to sell to buy the Tron pinball?
Well, actually, three of our tables would equal the cost of this, which is the problem.
It's going to be expensive.
You know what?
I think you should do it.
If it were my choice, I'd get rid of Lord of the Rings, but Dan loves that table.
So, anyway.
Now, Stern, which is like the only company doing tables anymore, is putting out Tron.
And instead of doing just their usual teaser of the cabinet art, they've actually got the
whole play field out, which I'm going to go ahead and link an image in the chat room for
them to look at.
But the pictures are up at arcadeheroes.com.
It's actually looking really good.
It's got 3D models in there, the light cycles, little figures in the back.
Plenty of ramps.
Plenty of lights.
And they're actually talking about doing a potentially limited edition where they might
have something other than just those monochrome LED backgrounds.
But that's still kind of speculation.
It's pretty cool.
But the back glass is supposed to have the 3D parallax effect that's the same on the
Avatar pinball.
So it's going to be out sometime this month with a limited edition in June.
And it looks sick.
And hopefully California Extreme will have one for us to play.
They had Iron Man last year.
And on top of that, one of the other tables that Stern's doing, by the way, is the Rolling
Stones.
But it's like a $6,000 table.
So how much is that table?
This one's going to be about $4,000.
$4,500.
Something like that.
That's not bad.
Jeez.
Well, you know, Stern printed it.
This is the problem I have with this is that now that we don't have Williams and Midway
doing tables anymore and Capcom is out of the game, Stern's really the only company
there is.
They can charge what they want.
They have the Williams collection coming out on the 3DS in June, I think.
That's kind of cool.
I've got the Williams tables, I will.
Yeah, that game has been re-released so many damn times by Crave.
I thought Crave closed down, but yeah, they're still making games.
Porting games.
I don't know.
Oh, I, you know, and this is my thing, as much as I love video pinball, nothing compares
to the real thing.
So I would almost always go out and hunt down a good pinball table than have...
So you wouldn't be interested in like a pin maim table?
Like an actual, you know...
I played a pin maim.
And you know what?
It was fun, but not my thing.
It was, I mean, and I'll tell you what I did because a few years ago they had one at California
Extreme and right next to it was Black Knight 2000.
And I played Black Knight 2000 on the pin maim and then I played Black Knight 2000 on
the real thing and it's just...
You just can't get the same feel.
It's a very good simulacrum.
I mean, pin maim itself is very well done, but it's just not the same.
I want to go ahead.
I don't, I can't remember very often in the history of our show that we do this, but there
is a real world that goes on out there outside of us and not just what's happening in the
world of video games.
And if you are all about 100% video games, I do encourage you to go outside once in a
while.
But needless to say, there's a lot going on in the real world right now.
They are saying that President Obama is scheduled to address the nation any minute now.
I guess it's supposed to happen at 1030 Eastern, but it's running a little late.
I take this with a grain of salt.
We'll find out in the next few minutes.
I'm looking at what is usually a pretty respectable source.
It does sound like Osama bin Laden is dead and the US has the body and that's what Obama
is expected to announce the next few minutes.
I hope.
That is not confirmed.
I'm getting that from a source that's usually pretty right on about these things.
So more to develop.
So I do encourage you, if you are listening to the show, you might just want to keep CNN
open in another tab and furiously hit refresh on that because if that is the news, that's
obviously going to have people talking about more than just games for quite some time.
And then he invites in the guy from, the announcer from NBA Jam, Boom Shakalaka.
Did you, by the way, not meaning to really derail so much, but did you see the White
House correspondent's speech?
I did.
That was brilliant.
I love that.
I love that man.
Good times.
I love that I voted for him.
His sense of humor is amazing.
Um, all right.
I, again, I just, I just know where to look for information and rumors that are usually
right on.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Let me just put a funny, maybe more of an image in your face.
Um, wouldn't it be hilarious if they just pulled a whole fucking weekend at Bernie's?
Oh shit.
Stop it.
Here's Osama bin Laden.
He's waving his hand.
All right.
Moving on.
Moving on.
Thank you.
Uh, Bobby actually gave me the original tip on that.
So thank you, Bobby.
Who told me to go look at CNN and that made me think to go, uh, check, uh, my tweet.
Yeah.
It's, it's again, not official, but my guy on Twitter who tends to be on top of this
stuff is rolling out all these sources that seem to point to that's being the case.
Well that, that'd be, uh, interesting.
That would be extremely interesting to say the least.
Anyway, we, the show must go on as they say, but I do know we live in a multitask world.
So those of you listening live may wish to all tab to CNN, but please don't turn us off.
Um, we'll, if, if the news is, if they confirm it or whatever it is, I will relay it for
you guys.
Okay.
How about I keep the website up and I'll keep an eye on it.
All right.
Okay.
Uh, moving on.
Let's talk about release dates and what is coming, uh, soon to a gaming, uh, store near
you.
Yes.
These games may not be able to be played by Osama bin Laden very soon, but, um, coming
next week, Remington Super Slam Hunting Alaska for the Nintendo Wii, if you like your hunting
and you like your Alaska hunting and you like your Sarah Palin, but she's not in the game,
um, can't hunt her either.
So I don't know.
It's budget price.
I guess that might be good.
Uh, Thor God of Thunder or God of movie tie-in game that is coming out on PlayStation three,
Xbox 360, Wii, uh, DS, and, uh, that's it.
No 3DS.
Unfortunately that got delayed.
Yeah, you'd think it'd be easy to port over, um, also the game that I've been highly raving
about and I sadly enough haven't been playing much of it lately, just for no reason whatsoever,
but a Motorstorm Apocalypse coming out on PlayStation three.
If you like racing games and you like crazy destruction and just all sorts of insane stuff
going on while you're racing, seriously go pick this game up.
It's just amazing.
So that's coming on PlayStation three this week and, um, sadly that is it.
That is all kind of good stuff for the rest of May though, but, uh, just unfortunately
next week is a little what are some other highlights in May just so I know what I should
be looking at.
Uh, well, uh, in two weeks we have a brink, which is going to be an awesome first person
shooter from Bethesda that's coming out, uh, Lego pirates.
If you're into that kind of thing, uh, MX versus ATV alive, if you like that, uh, and
then two weeks the game I'm looking forward to LA noir from rockstar games coming out.
Yes, there's quite a few people looking forward to that.
So that's going to be awesome.
And then of course, uh, towards the end of the month, uh, if you are a big fan of racing,
uh, dirt three coming out and a hunted the demons forge, um, if you're into those types
of games.
Um, unfortunately actually a lot of stuff that was supposed to become a month, fear
three, dungeon siege three and red faction all got delayed to June, but red faction looks
pretty good too.
Although it's kind of got a dead space vibe and I don't know, not really feeling dead
space.
So, but LA noir looks awesome.
So that's probably the next game I'll pick up and maybe brink, brink looks pretty cool
too.
All right, let's move on to Japan and what is going on with Japanese releases.
Um, this week, uh, Xbox three 60 is looking pretty dry.
There's not a lot going on the Xbox three 60 I'm, I have a feeling they have a quiet
week too cause they don't have anything on the PlayStation three as well.
I wonder if they have something huge on the handhelds.
Um, nothing on the Wii obviously because there's just nothing happening on the Wii these days
on the Sony PSP.
Yeah, nothing's happening until May 12th.
I'm not seeing anything.
There is absolutely nothing coming out in Japan this week.
That's it.
That's the releases.
Uh, May 12th steel diver on the, on the three DS, uh, which we've had here obviously since
release.
Uh, major league baseball on the 12th, but as far as the fifth, which the games are usually
out on Fridays.
Uh, nothing.
Wow.
It could be, it could be that all that's going on in the world as far as Japan is maybe shuffled
some things up.
I mean, it's don't know.
Possibly.
Well, we have a few releases for the UK on the fourth is Bongio HD missile fury for Xbox
three 60 Bongio is so much fun and there's section eight prejudice for PC and on the
sixth is sniper ghost warriors, steel diver, and Cabela's dangerous hunts to 2011.
Ooh, that's what I say about that.
All right.
Well, so much for release dates.
It's looking a little dry, no matter what part of the world you're in.
Uh, so let's go to Loki.
All right.
Um, well there's some interest.
The chat was yelling at me because I said the release dates are looking pretty dry in
Japan.
You guys are dummies.
All right.
I mean that with love, but seriously, all right, Loki, um, Sony revealed two new tablet
devices that are gonna be part of the PlayStation suite.
Um, one of them, uh, I guess they're officially the S one and S two tablets, which great.
That's nice.
Uh, they're both running Android 3.0 and uh, the S one tablet I guess has, there's any
like kind of an unconventional design.
It looks like that it's, uh, I don't know, it kind of tapers a little bit.
So it's like on a slant, but uh, basically 9.4 inch screen.
And then of course the S two tablet, it's a dual screen tablet and you know, people
are calling it looks saying it looks like the DS.
I guess you can, you know, run two different things at the same time.
You can watch a video and chat, you know, at the same time on the other screen or use
the other screen as a soft keyboard and you know, whatever.
Uh, but there are two 5.5 inch screens and um, both of course will be able to play select
PlayStation one games.
Tangible buttons.
Nope.
Couldn't care less.
Exactly.
So yeah, I'm not interested unless they were to have tangible buttons cause can you imagine
playing a PlayStation one game on your iPhone?
Cause that's what this is basically.
I mean seriously, so, all right, uh, anyhow, let's move on to, uh, another story.
This is also kind of a followup cause uh, last week in the middle of the show, uh, some
details were breaking on, well, I guess it was really that day, fantasy star online two
details.
Uh, we're getting some more information on what that was all about.
So there was a PSP two promotion event that was in Akihabara, uh, over last week.
And um, let's see, there was, uh, more information released on fantasy star online to, uh, apparently
now you're going to be able to jump in the game.
Also randomly generated hunting areas, some third person shooter style game play, uh,
and so on.
So they're adding jumping into it.
That could, uh, certainly make the levels different randomly generated hunting areas.
See, I seem to remember the levels in the old, uh, fantasy star games were online ones
were kind of randomly generated.
It seemed like there were like three different types of levels you could get.
So it'd be kind of neat if it's like a truly random generation thing going on.
So more information going on out there.
There's even a little video, but it looks like it was taken down.
So there you go.
All right.
So, uh, what's going on over there?
Real, you guys are watching real world and, uh, it was just said national journal learned
it's true.
It says, uh, yeah, according to MSNBC, they're saying president Obama make a statement soon
regarding Osama bin Laden, Fox news saying that New York times is saying it.
So it looks like, uh, there you go.
All right.
Sweet back to, uh, again, keep CNN open in another tab.
Uh, there you go.
If you're listening to the show or whatever your, I say CNN, but whatever your website
of choice is.
Okay.
Kids.
All right.
BBC news.
Let's get to something extremely important.
This could be almost more important.
It isn't more important, but almost if there was anything that was as important, it would
be this, a trip down memory lane for dark Sakura where every week she decides, Hey,
you guys should be playing this video game classic game of the week.
Dark Sakura.
Tell us about what is the classic game of the week.
The game of the week is afterburner, which came out in 1987 it's a flight SIM arcade
game put out by Sega.
It had a motion full motion seats, um, at least for the deluxe cabinet.
It was also designed by you Suzuki who is the man.
Um, anyway, you control an F 14 Tomcat and you go through 18 stages and you take off
from an aircraft character called the Sega enterprise, which is a, an homage to top gun
and not star Trek.
And so the, it had basically of integrated flight stick that would control the way the
cabinet moved either back and forth and it had, you know, hydraulics in it and it would
have Canada missile buttons.
It was also a stand, um, a standing upright one, but the rotating cockpit one was the
awesome one.
So, um, it was, I mean, basically it's just straightforward.
You shoot down planes and you have like a lock for your missiles and you can shoot them
down and you choose, you know, your direction.
There's also afterburner two, which was the sequel that was put out the same year.
And um, then, uh, there were other games that focus on the F 14 Tomcat, like G lock air
battle and strike fighter that was actually rebranded as afterburner three and then sky
target.
There was also Sega strike fighter, which was, uh, a free roaming type of F 14 game.
And then we got afterburner climax, which is the one that I played just this week.
That's really sweet.
There's also a PSP, um, release called afterburner black Falcon.
And uh, actually some of the music in this was, uh, remixed for Bayonetta.
It was pretty cool.
As far as other versions that have been out, there was Amiga, the Amstrad, the Atari ST,
sharp X68000, at them towns, Commodore 64, Nest, Sega master system, PC engine, Sega
Saturn, PC, MSX, and ZX spectrum.
And then, um, there was a 32 X version that was called, um, afterburner complete in Japan
in Europe.
But I'll tell you what's cool about that.
And also is the same for space Harrier on 32 X is that it's the arcade version, the
full arcade version.
You can actually do a little trick to make it say insert coin, you know, so it's kind
of, kind of neat.
It's, it's pretty much the same rom.
And the little article here has a few other, uh, uh, bits and pieces like in Terminator
2 Judgment Day, John Connor's playing afterburner.
Oh, that's right.
I forgot about that.
Yeah, he is.
And in red dwarf seasons two and three, there was an afterburner in the bar area and pretty
cool.
Yeah.
I love the music in this game.
I'm really surprised you have never done afterburner before.
Well, in an afterburner, I have to say is not one of my favorite games, but I love afterburner
climb.
I love the cabin.
Well, afterburner climax actually has a full, um, full on hydraulic seats that has front
backside up down motion.
So it's super, super fun.
And the other thing that was really great about these is that they did include a motion
stop.
So if you couldn't take it, it would just stop the movement.
It was pretty cool.
But yeah, afterburner.
All right.
There it is your classic game of the week.
Liberty afterburner best known in its arcade release, but certainly ported to plenty of
home consoles.
All right.
We're going to take a quick break here, uh, at orange launch radio, but don't go anywhere
guys.
We're going to be right back with plenty more of the show tonight.
Uh, we've been talking a lot about PlayStation, but there's been big news on Xbox this week
as well.
So we're gonna talk about that as well.
Uh, some 3DS news as well.
And Loki is going to bring us some hacking news.
All we come back after a quick break with more of orange lounge radio.
Welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio.
We are live on this Sunday evening, May the 1st of 2011 with the 411th episode of our
show where we're giving you not just the four one one on what's going on with PSN and all
that stuff, but apparently what's going on in the real world as well.
Uh, it's quite a, uh, exciting evening, but in the interest of those that are, uh, we'll
keep you abreast of anything huge develops, but in the interest of those that listen to
the podcast throughout the week, by the time this will be long reported to death, uh, yes.
There's one little announcement that's going to be closer to 1130 central time that the
announcement will be made.
They're still working on final statements, but everything's set up.
So that will be 9 30 Pacific for our live listeners.
All right.
So let's move on though with the show.
We want to get back into video games, especially out of the interest of those that listen to
the show throughout the week.
By the time this has been long reported on, I'm going to name my first born wolf after
Wolf Blitzer.
Yes, because Wolf was a freaking bad ass.
How about what was the name of the dog that played piano on the Muppets?
Was that Ralph?
Ralph.
I like that.
No wolf.
How about what if you have twins?
Can you have Wolf and Ralph?
I'll have Wolf and uh, Wolf and Fox.
All right.
Let's move on back into the show.
Uh, first spinoff shows.
If you'd like orange launch radio, there's some other shows you might like as well.
Uh, I do one, it's called the best little hoard house in the Azeroth.
It's a show about all things world of Warcraft.
This week was a fun week.
It was our international edition.
We had this gal seal from the, uh, girls gone wild podcast and she is a Dutch lady living
in the UK South East, I know she's Southwest and the Southwest part of the UK.
I saw you use the underwear picture.
What's that?
Oh yeah.
The album art.
Yes.
For your album art.
The album art for a word house changes every episode.
I don't know.
It's just a thing.
Something I want to do for a house and a dark soccer has actually been probably about two
thirds of the art has come from dark soccer's pictures.
Uh, the third mind, I've actually tried to capture like different events that happen
in the game that people will recognize, you know, like the one I've got of, uh, my character
sitting with the turtle when you are in high jaw.
Right.
So I like crazy stuff.
So if you like a world of Warcraft and all that, and it's a busy week, this is a busy
news week too.
The 4.1, that big patch hit and the 4.2 patch, lots of news coming out on that, uh, patch
and it's going to be very awesome.
All right.
So anyhow, you want to hear more?
Wow.
Geekery.
Check it out.
Hoardhouse.com dark soccer.
You got a show.
Call it comic insanity.
Although we haven't done one for a month now because we've just had a lot of stuff going
on in the world of comics is not that much exciting, but you can find us at infamous.net
and we should have a new one I think next week, so keep, keep your, your, uh, eyes open
on the website.
We're pretty cool.
I do it with, uh, with Mara and Marvel and Dan shadow and we're cool.
All right.
And you actually came back this week?
No, we didn't.
Cause she, she's in Disneyland.
Oh, bitch.
We're going.
And I mean that babe in total control of herself.
We're going.
Yes.
I don't know.
And it's her, it's for her birthday.
I don't know how to talk about this, how openly, but there's like this awesome Disneyland trip
happening very soon.
Well, not very soon, but soon that's going to involve at least one other person, not
in this room.
It's going to be epic epicness.
So more to come on that later.
Anyhow.
All right.
Let's move on.
Rapid fire news.
All the stuff that, uh, we just don't have 20 minutes to talk about, especially in light
of all the PSN and real world news going on tonight, but we wanted to tip our hat to these
stories.
Oh, one thing.
They said it was officially killed by the U S okay.
All right.
Of course.
We wouldn't be announcing it if we didn't do it ourselves or we didn't say, yeah, those
guys in the UK, you know, we could end the show early if you guys just want to focus
on this.
No, I realize it's important news, but I'm just, I'm worried about the podcast he's listening
throughout the week who have probably heard this a million times by now.
All right.
Anyways.
So red box is now finally rolling out game rentals, um, for all of their, uh, kiosks,
uh, 21,000 to be exact.
Well, not exactly.
I guess that's kind of an estimate.
Um, starting June 17th and, uh, those rentals will run you $2 a day and they're going to
be a guest, um, including some of the top AAA games and some family games as well.
Um, so that's pretty awesome.
So if you're looking for another place to rent games and you know, maybe just game flies
and getting stuff to you quick enough, you can, uh, check out a red box machine, which
are everywhere now.
Death Smiles 2X has been rated by the ESRB and of course we could probably expect that
on the Xbox 360 marketplace very soon.
Um, of course they've been putting a lot of other cave shmup games on there.
So you know, I wouldn't expect this to be too much different than some of the other
cave shooters.
But if you like your shmup games, uh, more coming.
So that's pretty cool.
And then finally, uh, first there was a leaked teaser and then officially announced Need
For Speed The Run is coming to stores November 15th in the North American regions, November
17th in Europe.
And of course, um, it is rumored that EA Black Box is the one doing the game.
And they're saying that apparently, uh, it will be kind of a cross country cannonball
run style game from San Francisco to New York.
And not only will you be racing against, you know, police and whatnot, but you'll also
be racing through like dense urban traffic, icy mountain passes and Nero Canyon.
So kind of a little bit of, uh, you versus the elements versus police and stuff.
So sounds pretty chaotic, might be fun and that'll be coming out this fall.
Well did you hear the one about Marshfield, Massachusetts and you're probably like, what?
Unless you live there.
Uh, but yeah, Marshfield, Massachusetts in 1982, they actually banned arcade games from
public establishments.
That's right.
You're not allowed to have a coin op game in an establishment in Marshfield, Massachusetts.
It's like footloose for video games.
Kind of.
The law was actually upheld once by the state Supreme Court the next year and it's always
been in place since then.
Uh, however, uh, they might actually be, and the reason why this is relevant now, 29 years
later is that they are looking at possibly reversing that law.
Uh, state law actually permits Keno to be allowed in bars and other buildings.
So what the hell is wrong with coin op games existing?
Uh, the town meeting is happening this next week and voters will be able to overturn the
law.
Uh, so it'll be up to the voters.
So if you know anyone there, uh, you probably want to get them to vote to overturn this
law.
Although at the same time, I suppose if they've gotten by for 29 years without coin op games
in town, they'll probably get by another 29.
There's also that part of me that says, what coin op games?
Cause you know, outside of the Tron pinball news we had earlier, there's not a lot of
games going on.
Anyhow, um, a game that's rumored to be coming out on the connect fruit ninja.
It's a very popular game, of course, on the iPhone and iPad devices.
Fruit Ninja connect is apparently a game that's just recently been rated in Korea.
That's not usually the country we get our rating board leaks from, but, uh, it is what
it is.
Fruit Ninja connect has been leaked as a rated game in Korea.
Uh, of course they don't say what system this is for.
Well, I mean they, it's for the 360, excuse me, but they don't say if it's a disc game
or an Xbox live arcade game or how it's being delivered.
My assumption is that it's going to be an Xbox live arcade game just based on what the
source material is.
But we won't know for a little while.
Uh, also one other piece of the thing came to light this week.
Apparently there was a Sonic skating board game or sorry, skateboarding game that went
unreleased during the Xbox era.
Uh, it was discovered by a post on the Sonic retro fan site at Sonic retro.org.
Uh, it was a game called Sonic extreme.
It was by the Sonic team.
It was for the original Xbox and it was very similar to the skateboarding stuff in Sonic
adventure two, uh, but apparently it was a whole game based around it.
Uh, or it could be what ended up being Sonic writers.
Not sure, but there's some video out there that has leaked and you can check that out
either on YouTube or at that Sonic retro site, Sonic retro.org also known as when Sonic was
good.org.
That was my little joke.
All right, let's move on, uh, to some more rapid fire news, dark Sakura.
While we do have some news for fans of black ops, uh, there is going to be a download content
pack called call of the dead as George Romero as himself.
Um, basically it's a lots of a zombie fan service.
It's going to be making the dead go splat and uh, it should be a pretty neat.
Then, um, we have, uh, blaze blue shirts that are going for Japan relief.
Um, access games has, uh, everything on sale and I will put a link to that in the chat
room, but if you want to do your part, go to access games.com slash 2011 slash oh three
slash 16 slash Japan dash benefit dash sale.
Or you could probably find a link from the website, but I am being nice and telling you
the whole thing.
And then rock band has some, uh, cool bean stuff coming up, including some, uh, culture
club downloads.
So let me get what's on the list for you.
That's going to be of course, Xbox 360, Wii and PS3.
The individual songs are going to be, do you really want to hurt me?
Um, from, uh, from out of nowhere by faith, no more working for the weekend by lover boys,
stashed by fish, tweezer by fish and big bang baby by stone temple pilots.
And that last one and working for the weekend also have pro guitar bass expansions available.
Oh, and so does, um, stashed by fish.
Fish is cool.
So yay.
All right.
Um, real quick to kind of add on a little bit what you were saying about the called
it an expansion.
Uh, not only does it have, uh, George Romero, he is playing this crazy Uber zombie in it.
Uh, but it also has Sarah Jessica Parker, Sarah Michelle Geller.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, that would be, that's way better.
Sarah Michelle Parker or, uh, Sarah Jessica Parker would probably, she'd be like a plastic
zombie.
Yes.
A plastic zombie.
No.
Um, Michael Rooker, uh, Danny Trejo and, uh, Robert Englund and, um, yeah, all, all kind
of, almost like playing themselves, you know, like they've got, you know, um, Robert Englund
has kind of like some catch phrases that sort of, you know, hint at, you know, Nightmare
on Elm Street and he has a pitchfork and then Danny Trejo has a machete and, uh, Michael
Rooker kind of looks like a biker.
So, um, looks pretty neat.
All right.
Well, let's move on to some Twitter topics.
Every week we invite your tweets at twitter.com slash O L R tweet, tweet, tweet, uh, and,
uh, you guys send us your tweets and we read them live here on the show.
Let's go to, uh, the first tweet tonight from Rhetortainment tweets us saying, I like putting
corn on my tax.
Is this weird?
I don't even like, is there a joke there?
Is there an inside joke there?
I'm not getting, I like to put corn on my tax corn tax, like, like, I don't know.
Is that like corn on the cob or maybe a play on contact?
Maybe.
I don't know.
Rhetortainment.
Explain yourself.
All right.
Flaming toilets.
Uh, tweeting us saying, are you going to talk about PlayStation network?
Cause nobody's talked about that yet.
Uh, yes, we are going to talk about it and now we're done talking about it.
Uh, let's see more tweets, uh, DJ Rama S tweets us and says, Hey, what's your definition
of shovelware?
Good question.
What's your definition of shovelware?
My definition of shovelware is a game that is so blatant in copying another game.
You just, you can't even tell.
That's right.
A very, very rushed game that is put out for the sole purpose of capitalizing on what's
popular.
In dark soccer, Loki, anything you guys want to add to that game with next to none, uh,
production values?
I mean, it just looks like crap.
Everything's broken in it.
It's just think of the ditch.
It's absolutely useless.
You shun your friends for buying it.
Is there any traditional value in dirt?
No, neither.
Is there any entertainment value of shovelware?
All right.
Let's see one or a couple more tweets.
Excuse me.
Blue swim is tweeting us saying, shit, Loki, and that's it.
No shit.
Loki talked about what I was going to call or about.
Got to rethink my call.
We could call in and just be a Loki fan and just be like, yeah, I agree with you, man.
On second thought, let's not inflate his ego anymore.
All right.
Uh, other tweets.
Oh, this is one.
Yeah.
Gosh.
This slipped off the radar here.
We want to say something about this.
Thank you to tiger claw who tweeted this.
There were some details on Marvel universe because you know, DC universe online cannot
go unchallenged.
Uh, there were some details on Marvel universe revealed this week.
It was at a event in San Francisco by gazillion.
Uh, the game is being developed by secret identity.
Uh, that's a team that was specifically assembled to make the MMO.
It's going to be a free to play MMO.
Get that Marvel universe is going to be free dark soccer.
Any interest in that?
A free to play Marvel MMO.
I'll be all over that.
Yeah.
Is it a freemium?
Uh, well I'm assuming it has to be, if it's free to play, it's freemium.
Absolutely.
Um, but oh, I've actually remembered reading something about this.
Um, cause I follow, um, uh, agent M on Twitter and apparently I think he said it or somebody
with Marvel said it that Bendis has a hand in the writing.
So that's pretty cool.
Uh, dr doom is going to be the antagonist, at least in the launch of the game.
They're saying that you will be able to play as famous Marvel heroes, captain America,
iron man, Wolverine, Hulk, Thor, Spiderman, Nova, and squirrel girl squirrel girl is awesome.
I have no idea.
I mean, if everybody's the hero, so there must be like an instance thing or maybe kind
of what they do in DC universe where it's, I don't know, it's Jessica Jones.
I'm very curious.
Uh, Brian Michael Bendis is doing some writing for the game.
Uh, the game story missions are taken from the comic themselves.
Uh, otherwise don't know if it has to do with anything to do with the Marvel universe online.
The cryptic was once developing in Microsoft, uh, before that project was canceled.
So this is all about the PC universe of the game.
Gazillion is saying that, uh, originally it was developed for consoles as well, but they
are not confirming or denying if it's still coming to consoles at this time.
Squirrel girl is awesome.
Who is squirrel girl for the uninitiated?
Squirrel girl, her mutant power is basically being an anthropomorphic squirrel and she
can talk telepathically.
She can talk to squirrels and understand their language.
But the thing is, is that she's actually defeated Dr. Doom and Thanos, the real thing by the
way, and all kinds of just bad guys and also kicked Deadpool out of the Great Lakes Avengers
mansion and told him to shut his evil, evil pie hole.
She's super fun.
Actually, right now she's the babysitter, well, I guess nanny slash babysitter for Jessica
Jones and Luke Cage's baby.
The nanny.
But I, Mr. Sheffield, I, you know, I like, I like some, some of the cheese ball characters
and she's cheese ball, but actually cheese ball in a fun way.
I want to have a character in Marvel universe that's the nanny as a superhero.
There actually was a, was, um, a bad guy who was a nanny and orphan maker.
Or super nanny.
You've been very, very naughty.
Now you need to go to the naughty corner.
It was nanny and orphan maker.
Okay.
All right, let's move on.
Yes, I know my obscure.
Another tweet from Tiger Claw.
This show, this show started off so well and then there's this stuff going on in the real
world and now it's just, oh, who cares anymore?
All right.
A tweet, another tweet from Tiger Claw.
It's about LA noir.
Um, there'll be social, I guess there's a social club for this.
Uh, what is this?
Is this on Facebook or something?
It's rockstar social club.
It's it's a website thing that they have.
It's tied in with all rockstar games.
Okay.
Well, if you get through the whole thing, you get a exclusive outfit for the game.
So I guess it's an incentive to get in on that thing.
If you're into that, if you're like, uh, if you're into the Barbie doll stuff in your
video games.
No, social club's pretty fun.
They had a bunch of stuff with Grand Theft Auto like they did, uh, you know, they have
the leaderboards for multiplayer, which I, you know, paid attention to a lot for a while.
Um, they had things like the Grand Theft, it was a delivery city marathon where they
tracked how long, how far you ran, how far you drove, you know, how many bullets you
spent, that kind of stuff.
So they do a bunch of different things and then also they do stuff with like Red Dead
Redemption with, um, you know, they have little challenges that you do and you unlock skins
and stuff like that through those challenges.
So that's kind of neat.
Uh, yeah, the costume you're going to unlock on the social club, if you're a member, the
Chicago lightning suit, it's for the protagonist, Cole Phillips, in the game.
And if you're online, you get to access the ask the community feature in game.
And if you're interrogating a suspect, you don't know if they're telling the truth or
not, you can see how other players responded in the same situation.
They're calling it a who wants to be a millionaire, ask the audience lifeline.
That's kind of crazy.
I like, I like that kind of idea for games though.
Well, they had a thing come out, um, you know, about that game as well, where if you were
having trouble in certain spots and whatnot, you could actually, um, bypass some of the
action sequences in the game.
So like if you keep failing over and over and over again, um, you can just skip past
it and get back to the narrative stuff, which is kind of unique.
All right, uh, let's move on with, uh, some more gaming news.
That was it for Twitter topics tonight, twitter.com slash O-L-R if you want to talk to us throughout
the week.
Back to some other news.
Loki.
Uh, Gamasutra ran kind of a editorial about the whole PlayStation, you know, debacle,
I guess, right now.
Basically they were saying, you know, the PlayStation brand faces an uncertain future
and they're worried that, you know, Sony's kind of, well, as we kind of put it before,
not handling the situation correctly.
Like for example, here's a little test for you.
Which of the following statements are most likely, are you most likely to agree with
in a one year's term?
A, Sony handled the situation amazingly.
They held up their hands and took appropriate share of the blame.
They outlined a clear plan of action to remedy the situation and made sure that all stakeholders
were recompensed beyond reasonable expectations.
And they showed their human side and came out of this a stronger company.
Or B, it just kind of went away, didn't it?
Sony entirely laid the blame on hackers, launched a lot of legal flak, refused to take any responsibility,
offered minimum clarity and token recompense.
That no one cares anymore, at least they've encrypted my personal data now.
And of course, you know, most people probably agree with B.
And even like, you know, they were saying like, you know, their response has been pretty
pitiful.
You know, the best they did was sent out an email and posted a post on their blog.
I mean, if you even read it, they said, we sincerely regret any inconvenience or concern
this outage has caused.
You know, they're saying this outage is like it's inclement weather.
And they also said, we made a mistake here.
We picked a fight.
We couldn't win.
Or no, they're saying they should have said, we made a mistake here.
We picked a fight.
We couldn't win.
And even with TAC, highly likely, we neglected the protector stuff.
So you know, what they're saying is they could handle this, you know, in a way that could
kind of get people to trust them again, you know, just kind of showing their human side.
But without it, you know, and it kind of like what we were going back to before with, you
know, talking about Jack in the Box and, you know, that's something they mentioned JetBlue,
for example, had, you know, kind of a debacle.
And they ended up coming out of a better company because they spent time, effort to, you know,
improve their customer service and, you know, in turn, they became a strong company.
So Domino's Pizza, Toyota, you know, those are some of the brands that were kind of hard
by, you know, a situation like this, but then they kind of turned it around with their,
you know, dedication to, you know, kind of changing their ways.
Sony so far have said, you know, here's some DLC.
Oh yeah, we're going to, you know, we're going to protect your data now.
So I think they're kind of right.
I don't know, I think that PlayStation brand as far as trusting them with, you know, my
information, maybe, maybe that's harmed a bit, but they're kind of stretching the PlayStation
brand a little thin, if you ask me, especially with like tablet devices and stuff now.
It's like, just because it plays PlayStation one games, I don't really know if you should
call it like a PlayStation device.
Uh, yeah.
And you know, I, I hate to kind of beat a dead horse because we were talking about this
in part A anyway, and it's kind of like, I really think Sony can recover from this despite
what all the, uh, rampant angry gamer chat on the internet would make you think.
Uh, but you know, it's like Microsoft recovered from the red ring of death thing and let's
be real, that was a pretty serious thing that happened.
But Nintendo recovered from, well, the virtual boy.
So you know, companies can recover and they will, but they have to do the right thing.
Yeah, exactly.
Like being hard headed is not the right thing.
And granted Microsoft, I think they never really came up, obviously they didn't come
up front and say how many of their systems were affected by the red ring problem.
Here's a hint.
It was all of them at launch.
Every single one, every single one will die eventually.
I know this, it will happen.
Every single one.
You'll be lucky.
I would, I don't know.
I would be very impressed to see a system that actually is one of their launch systems
that's still working today, that's being rigorously played.
I guarantee that there's less than like one percent.
But anyways, let's be honest, they fixed it after multiple iterations and tweaks and stuff
like that.
Now their system is stable.
It's not, you know, it's not dying.
They improved their warranties and stuff, you know, three years and stuff and they covered
replacements for a lot of it.
So yeah, it sucked having to replace the system like a bunch of times and stuff.
Apple and the iPhone 4, that's another big one too with the antenna gate.
Remember that?
Oh yeah.
And they've recovered fine.
iPads 2s are selling like crazy.
But it's all about how you handle it, and I mean really, I'm sorry, not everyone reads
the Playstation blog, okay?
If you're looking at your average mom and pop users, say they have, you know, sign up
on the Playstation network and they buy stuff through there, they're not reading the internet
blogs, you know, and stuff, and yeah, okay, they get an email.
So let's just say, for example, that they used an email with that service that maybe
they don't use that quite regularly.
So they would have absolutely no idea this is going on until they hear it from like a
media outlet saying, oh yeah, Sony's just, you know, been hacked and all these people's
credit information, you know, credit card information has been leaked out.
Ah!
That's not good.
I mean you need to be telling your customers up front, or at least, you know, being a little
bit more clear about it, put out a statement or something, you know, I know that they did
the press conference thing, but I'm sorry though, you're just pointing blame, so.
But we'll see, it'll be interesting, E3 I'm sure they're gonna mention something, I mean,
obviously it's still gonna be fresh in everybody's mind.
Alright well, obviously it's not just Sony with news in the world right now, Xbox, they
had a pretty big thing come out this week.
Hulu Plus actually just came out to the system, it was released on April 29th, and yeah, it
was kind of fast, like the news came out during the week and then suddenly, whoo, bam, there's
Hulu Plus.
Now there is actually this whole sponsorship going on, and I apologize, I forgot the company
that was sponsoring it, but it doesn't matter, they're not paying us.
So some company is actually sponsoring a two week preview of Hulu Plus right now, and then
I guess you can also get another one if you actually sign up through Hulu's website, and
you get a two week trial there as well.
So if you wanna try out Hulu Plus for like a month, you can do so.
I have not signed up for it and probably I'm not going to, I think Hulu Plus is kind of
a shitty idea, because I'm not a fan of the fact that there's still commercials and you're
paying for it.
Like honestly, I've got Netflix, it's got the shows I wanna see, otherwise if they don't
have it, I'll just torrent it.
Like I'm not, you know, not to come out and admit that I'm a bloody thief or whatever,
but like I'd use Hulu if it was money or commercials, but not both.
That's just ridiculous to me, make your money one way or the other.
So yeah, I guess they have a lot of good stuff though.
I mean the free Hulu online is kind of cool, I kind of wish you could do free Hulu through
the Xbox, the ad supported, because you can watch like the entire run of Dark Shadows
through Hulu.
But you know what, Netflix just got Twin Peaks like a couple weeks ago, and seriously if
you guys have never watched Twin Peaks, it's awesome.
You can do Hulu through your Xbox.
How?
Diversity.
You have to.
Oh right.
You can do diversity, you can watch your cues through pretty much any device that'll do
streaming.
I use my Playstation 3 for that.
It actually works pretty well for that.
Hulu doesn't look that great though because it's kind of low resolution, but we've watched
a few episodes of The Office that we were missing when we were catching up, you know,
all the seasons and stuff, but yeah, it does kind of suck that, now I know what they're
saying, well you pay for cable and there's commercials there too, but yeah.
But I, you know, I don't need you quite as much as I need, you know, other TV.
I guess.
It's like stop being greedy about it.
Alright well let's move on with some more stories, Dark Sakura.
Well in other news, we do have something for the 3DS, Excitebike 3D Classic is going to
be offered on the 3DS for free!
When the 3DS eShop goes live, this is going to be a part of it.
And like I said, it's 3D Excitebike, so you get it in full lenticular motion, but they
didn't say where it was going to be for, but it could possibly just be Japan.
Here's what's kind of retarded.
I don't know if anyone's actually seen a Japanese 3DS, I mean, I have, but in the beginning
of their, you know how we have this, you know, OK Go video, well they got this, you know,
Mario live music performance thing over there as the free 3D video.
And before that actually starts, they have a 3D picture of Super Mario Bros. 1.
And the way they show that is exactly how they're doing this.
Basically, you know, most of these 8-bit games have different sprite layers.
That's all they're doing.
Each sprite layer is a different depth.
That is it.
I was showing it at E3, Xevious was the old 8-bit game and the ground was one sprite layer
and that was in the background and then all the other sprites were on top.
It was a neat effect to see.
I mean, it's cool, but I would not spend very much money.
I mean, the game is going to have to be like a true NES classic that I just, I need to
have on my DS.
Like that's the only way I'm going to buy it again.
But see, that's what they're doing.
I got burned on the list.
They're just, they have an emulator now, obviously, that works with these, I mean, come on, anything
can run an NES emulator nowadays.
So they have an NES emulator that just spreads out the sprite layers.
When homebrew comes out, I'm sure someone will come up with that.
It's not that complicated.
But you know what they're going to do?
They're going to charge you like 4 bucks for each one of those games because people will
buy them, even though it's really not worth the effort that they put in to develop this
emulator.
It would be really nice if, like, they would just give us a kickback because we bought
it on Wii Virtual Console.
I mean, I know that's not going to happen.
I'm just saying, wouldn't it be nice?
It would be nice, but they don't really, I mean, they have accounts that are tied to
the Wii, but it's not an account that you can take everywhere.
It's basically just an account that's tied to that console.
You know, if they had an actual centralized online community or something like that, then
yeah, something like that could happen.
Well hey, I see they purchased Mario Brothers on the Wii.
Guess what?
You get the 3D version for free.
Which they really should do because it's like a few kilobytes worth of data.
And yeah, I'm sure that emulator really took some time.
You just probably ported the one from the Wii over to the DS.
Oh fuck, I mean, people have been running NES emulators on the DS forever.
I mean, all you'd have to do is just tweak the display so that each sprite layer is a
different layer of 3D.
I mean, that's not hard.
It's not difficult.
And it's very minimal.
So yeah, that should be free.
But it won't be.
I mean, after all, how else are these things going to print money?
Even just a discount.
Even just like a little discount or something.
Or maybe like if I get enough Nintendo achievements, I know, right?
I could like get one for free, or like, you know, one or two upgrades.
That's all they really should be charging for this stuff.
Yeah, charge me $0.99.
That'd be great.
And if I don't own the game at all, then fine, charge me $5.99.
Five what the game would have cost, and the extra $0.99 for the 3D.
No, it should not even be $6 for an old NES game.
I'm sorry, no.
Some are worth it, but very few.
Some are worth it.
But at the same time, I mean, I can go buy the original on cartridge, but sometimes the
original cartridges will cost you more than five bucks.
Just depends on what game you're talking about.
Seriously, especially if you're trying to fill up your Tangen collection.
Yeah.
Which, by the way, Afterburner is mentioned.
And I have your Fantasy Zone, if you didn't know that.
Yes, I do.
Okay.
Yeah, didn't I lend it to you?
Yeah, you did.
So, just so you know.
Okay, cool.
As I was mentioning, Afterburner, they did a Tangen one for NES, just thought I'd mention
that.
Comment in our chatroom on, from ToaGak, I wouldn't be surprised if Nintendo ripped off
a homebrew emulator.
Loki?
Um, I don't think that they need to, because they've got an emulator for the Wii.
They've got all the tech docs they need.
They've got an emulator for a Wii, they had cartridges on the Game Boy Advance, or even
I think the Game Boy Color, they had NES cartridges.
So they've got, I mean, hell, they have an emulator that runs on the Game Boy.
It's obviously gonna run on the 3DS.
So they have that kind of data there.
It's just minimal tweaking to get it to be in 3D.
Seriously, it's not any special effects that they're adding or anything.
I mean, if it was some Mode 7 games or something like that, that might be a little bit cooler
if those were in 3D, because they had a lot of scaling there, but just doing, like, separating
the sprite layers is, I'm sorry, it's like child's play stuff.
It's just really, people are gonna find it neat, but once again, they're selling you
on the gimmick.
They're selling you on your memories of these retro games, because they're like, oh my god,
Nintendo games, oh, it's in 3D now!
Seriously, you're gonna buy into that, and you're just only encouraging them to spend
what little effort they will on this stuff.
But hey, you know what, if that's what you want, then fine.
Because they're not gonna change their ways anytime soon.
So whatever, you know, buy what you want.
It's my money, I'll spend it how I want.
Yeah, pretty much.
How much did you pay to import the Japanese 3DS again?
I forgot.
Could you remind me how much?
I liked getting stuff early.
I know, I'm just messing with you.
And then I sold it.
I'm just giving you shit, that is my role on the show, okay?
Dark Soccer's role is to be the girl, your role is to be the tech master, and mine is
to give the both of you shit.
Yeah, but here's the thing.
I'm not just a girl.
Well, I was gonna say a bitch, but I thought that would be me.
I know, that's awesome.
I would almost consider selling that 3DS again, just to get rid of it, because I'm not playing
anything on it, really, right now.
And I have a feeling it's just gonna be collecting dust, like my DS is.
And you know, I may just...
But what's the point?
You know, because I'll probably want a game later on down the road.
But you better be...
And yeah, when the new Nintendo console comes out, I probably will have to buy it, because
it'll be spiffy and new, and I like new things.
But I will seriously think about it, I mean, because if they don't have some really awesome
games at launch, then count me out.
I'll wait until some future versions come out.
I'm not gonna be so impulse-crazy nowadays, because it really doesn't get me anything.
What?
Oh, okay, I got to play Ridge Racer in 3D for a little bit.
Yeah, that's cool, but I don't know.
It's not that big of a deal.
And it all really matters about the cost of that console, because man, that thing's like
three hundred dollars plus a hundred dollars for the controller.
Nope.
Or maybe.
Alright, let's move on with some, what, hacking news, right?
Yeah, the PlayStation Network's not the only thing that's being hacked.
Of course, there's kind of been a struggle between hackers creating custom firmwares
for the drives of the consoles, and then of course Microsoft in updating those.
They have the new firmware that's gonna be coming out, or the new dashboard update that's
gonna kind of tweak the disks as well as enabling what they call AP 2.5 on all the games.
It's basically a new copy protection that they have right now on a couple of the Call
of Duty games, and on Assassin's Creed and actually some of the newer games.
Of course, all that stuff can be patched.
But there's some interesting things coming out, and some of this almost similar to the
PlayStation 3.
For example, there is a device coming out called the Xbox, or the X360 key.
It'll allow you to play any game from a USB drive.
And what it's basically gonna be, it's gonna be a device that connects in between your
Xbox 360, the SATA connection that's on there, and the DVD drive.
And it will allow it to emulate the actual DVD drive itself, so make it think that it's
playing disks off the drive when it's actually playing ISOs off a USB drive or a hard drive.
And actually the system has Linux running on it.
It's fully upgradeable.
And I guess it's gonna have protection against whatever the AP 25 protection emulation is
well built in there.
No word on when it's coming out yet, but I've seen initial costs on it, it's 120 bucks.
So I guess we'll have to see if this actually works out and stuff.
But if that's the case though, it will actually allow you to do all that without having to
mod your system.
Of course, you'll still have to open it up.
And then of course, if that's not your way to go, the Commodore Forever, they announced
that they're gonna have a new iXtreme LT firmware for all drives, including Commodore
Forever.
You're gonna be able to put Gios on your 360?
No you're not.
It's the hacking group, Commodore Forever.
Play Last Ninja?
They've been working on firmwares for the drives for a long time.
They say their LT 2.0 supports the XG-D3, which is the new disk format that Microsoft's
putting out to gain that extra one gig.
And also the slim, light-on 0225 drive, which was unhackable as of right now.
So apparently that will allow you to bypass all this different protection and allow you
to flash your drives.
And it's supposed to be untraceable as of right now.
And I know the light touch stuff has been pretty stealthy as far as live goes, so that's
kind of interesting.
And the last thing was another device called Xbox 360 Optical Drive Emulation.
And it's an emulator that will be a little bit similar to the 360 key, whereas a device
set will make it look like it's running actual disks when it's running stuff off of a hard
drive.
Very interesting.
A lot of this stuff can be patched out with one firmware update, but some of this, especially
with the custom firmwares for the disk drives, it's back and forth with them.
And actually the new firmware that's coming out, if you do have a flash device right now,
what it's going to do is it's going to flash it back to stock, and then it's going to copy
protect it, I guess, so that you can't adjust the firmware that's on your drive.
So that's kind of interesting.
So how long before we're emulating the actual Xbox 360, like on our PCs?
A long time, because we're talking like multi-core processors and emulating that stuff.
It's going to take a long time before we're able to do that, a few years.
All right.
Well let's move on with some more gaming news, and this one has to do with the iPhone.
And apparently, this is something I actually did a double take, and I was like, what is
this being posted in our show roll thread for?
Haven't we reported on this before?
Well we have, but we haven't.
And what I mean is, this is yet another game that has appeared on the iTunes app store
that was copied off of a flash game.
The game is called Achilles Defense.
It was available on the iTunes store by, they're based in Hanoi, Vietnam, PTT Solution.
It is a ripoff of Ironhide's Clash of the Olympians, Ironhide Game Studio, excuse me,
Clash of the Olympians.
The only difference is, Ironhide's game has three characters, PTT's app has one.
The music, the artwork, the gameplay, it is all the same.
Clash of the Olympians came out in August of last year.
You can play that online at ironhidegames.com.
Achilles Defense came out on April 18th.
It was offered for free, and now it's down to, I'm sorry, up to a 99% price.
Of course, some people are review spamming that, but needless to say, it's there.
It's been on the app store.
How does Apple prevent this?
I mean, because they don't really screen the content of games.
I don't know.
Like, obviously this news is very sad to that development company who, you know, had the
game out there for free that somebody totally ripped off.
Did you see the Mario ripoff on there too?
Yeah, I mean, that was the other, I think, thing that had come out before.
There's a Mario ripoff, and then there was that other game too that had come out, so.
The blocks cometh, and then there was also some bunny game, bunny fighting game.
That was less of a ripoff and more of, like, a rights issue.
Who owned the rights to it and stuff, but the other one was a complete ripoff.
For the record, Ironhide is pissed, and they wrote Apple to complain, and they want gamers
to help assist them by lodging their own complaints in the game's comment space.
So they're encouraging people to downvote this thing.
Now it is the weekend, so I don't know what's gonna happen, but come Monday I'm sure it's,
you know, gonna get crazy.
And maybe Apple will pull it down, I don't know.
So.
Alright.
Anyhow.
Uh, let's move on to the mailbag.
Oh, and boy, we've got a fun one this week.
Because Dark Soccer got a taco before the show started, and she was only getting that
taco if we got ten emails.
But you got more than that.
You got more than that.
Now, I don't know if she's reading every single one.
I'm doubting that, right?
No, I'm not.
Pretty much anything that's repeating the emails that Sony sent out for PSN, and our
rehashes of things we've already discussed, I'm not reading them.
Let me give you a super tip if you want to email the show.
Remember, the show is about where every gamer has a voice.
And sometimes people want to email us to clue us into news and things that are going on,
which is fine, especially because sometimes we miss those things, they fall off the radar,
like the case of the Marvel Universe thing earlier in the show, and Tigerclaw got that
to our attention via Twitter.
But if everybody's talking about it, like the PSN thing, we're probably going to cover
it in the show.
We want to know your thoughts.
Don't just regurgitate the news.
Tell us what you think.
A better email will tell us about what you plan to do because of the Sony hack, which
I imagine we're going to get to in some of these emails.
Some of them were that they were also repeat emailers, and I'm trying to give new people
attention too.
Sure.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
As it is.
If you've had a lot of emails, if your voice has been heard a lot, don't be butthurt that
we do some other people tonight.
Five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten.
I'm reading eleven of them.
Oh shit.
All right.
Well, here we go then.
Okay.
This one.
It's taco time.
Join our valiant chef, Dark Sakura, on her quest to defeat the evil Montezuma and his
army of veggies.
Will our hero be able to stop a digestive disaster and create the perfect taco?
With your help she can.
Only for Xbox 360.
Pre-order today and receive an official taco time salsa spoon.
All right.
I know this has been terribly lame, but I couldn't resist.
I hope you at least get a chuckle out of this.
I've been a long time listener, but this is my first time writing in.
You guys helped me survive my boring job, so keep up the gaming news and crazy tangents.
Feed Jamie tacos now.
That's from Panaxium.
Fine.
We fed her.
And he sent me a picture.
Be quiet.
Taco time.
Oh, this is great.
Oh, that's awesome.
They actually put your picture in the little chef's hat on taco time.
This is actually a pretty decent photo shopping.
I'm saving it.
This is the orange launch radio website thingy.
We have the super secret email now, so we stopped getting the goatee pictures.
I'll let you do that, Rob.
Well, I don't.
All right.
Fine.
I'll look it up.
I'll take care of it.
Forward it to me so I do it.
Okay.
I'll take care of it later.
Don't worry.
I downloaded it.
Okay.
This one.
Dear OLR, it's been a while since I last emailed you guys.
I also miss listening live.
I really need to get back into the habit of doing that.
Yes, you do.
Anyways, I just got through with changing pretty much all of my passwords on multiple
sites as well as notifying my bank of the PSN intrusion compromising my account.
Honestly, this has been a huge wakeup call for me.
Never before have I been this concerned about my personal information on the internet.
Sony's failure to protect my privacy and resolve this issue as quickly as possible really has
me thinking twice about my future purchases on the PSN.
I have heard of PSN cards like you buy in the stores, sort of like the Xbox Live or
iTunes cards.
That seems like a safer route to go.
On a lighter note, have any of you checked out Sonic Colors for the Wii?
Before Sonic Generations comes out, I highly recommend that you don't miss out on this
game.
Actually, that's the one I was wanting to get, but we loaned out our Wii.
It's really a lot of fun.
Great soundtrack as well.
Sega focused a lot more on the game design and gameplay rather than story this time around.
But I have no issue there other than rolling my eyes at some of the cheesy lines in the
cut scenes.
So that's all for now.
Thanks for reading Ospher.
P.S. how about that Xbox 360 OLR autographed faceplate?
Ah, fuck.
You know, I just actually found a bunch of faceplates.
So, okay.
I'm going to email you back with my real email so that you can email me and we'll work on
it, okay?
Hello there, OrangeLones Radio.
I feel compelled to take the time out of my busy night to write you, I said busy, I meant
busy, night to write you this email as the three of you on occasion entertain the masses.
I found your show while being very bored at work on Stitcher today because at 1330 hours
I was actually going through the mini podcast and I found yours to be the most enjoyable.
To be honest, I never really listened to any type of podcast.
I was bored of my music mixes on my Blackberry and wanted to hear people talk about topics
I enjoy.
And yes, after listening I was heavily informed about what's what in gaming and not to mention
walked away with a craving of tacos.
I will be subscribing via iTunes but sadly not too many of my friends are gamers so I
don't really have anyone to tell as I work executive protection and the three friends
I would rather talk about weapon calibers.
But I will be trying to tune in while you are live on Sundays from now on so thanks
for the great podcast.
I love it and I found something new to look forward to at the end of the week.
Thank you all.
Shattered Hawk.
P.S.
DarkSark, if you like tacos you should try Navajo tacos.
Your head will explode from the pure deliciousness of this dish.
Well if I can find them.
Sounds good.
I love tacos.
Is that a chain or is that a type of taco?
I don't know.
We need more.
We need either a recipe or we need a FedEx box to show up at the house.
More info.
Give us the 411.
Ah, you see what I did there.
I'm clever.
Nice.
Okay.
I was wondering regarding the PSN hack slash outage, hack slash, if the possible phishing
email I wrote about at the end of May had anything in relation to the intrusion.
The email did seem upon reflection fairly legitimate with no questions or warnings that
you had to click through the link which I left untouched to enter personal information.
Only the address it was sent from seemed suspect.
Secondly I noticed the latest issue of Games Magazine July 2011 has a feature story on
the selling of harmonics and the suspension of Guitar Hero as well as the reviewers take
on the Dead Space 2 ad controversy.
This is of course months old news, but to be fair, Games is not intended as a video
game news source.
It is first and foremost a magazine of crossword and logic puzzles with articles about board
games and within the last decade or so of video games as well with issues likely being
put together months before being published.
July issue arriving in late April.
I enjoy games for what it is, but wonder about your take on the ultra casual gaming press.
And this comes from Robert M. Um, I don't really pay attention to it so, I don't know.
I finally stopped getting a lot of those news release emails, Zynga farted.
You know, that type of thing.
I kind of don't care.
I mean, if I want to play-
It's so hard because I don't read a lot of that stuff, you know, and sometimes we're
challenged with that.
We have to put ourselves in other people's shoes.
I always find it fascinating to kind of see how, not so much maybe the casual gaming press
or whatever, but like the mass media quote unquote reports on gaming.
Like there was a local channel here that reported on the whole PlayStation Network breach because
it was the top story on the day that it happened.
It let off the 11 o'clock news and they twisted it to turn into a parents need to be monitoring
what their children do type of story, which yes, I understand they should, but it seemed
like, I don't know, it got a little preachy to me.
Like it wasn't really about the hack.
It was more about parents watch what your kids do because these consoles in your living
room are stealing credit cards when you're not looking.
And I just felt like it didn't really represent the story, but I expect no less from the mass
media.
You know what I mean?
So I guess that's my unsolicited take on it.
By the way, completely random aside, but it totally ties into this email.
I did get a last minute story submission and it has to do with speaking of kind of casual
game news sites.
I don't know.
I don't really consider, especially after something that happened this week.
I don't want to get into the details of it.
Follow me on Twitter.
There's my plug.
There's more on it there.
But a certain website and UGO, I'll tell you, a big gaming website that I like to say this
week stands for Ignorant Gaming News, is merging with UGO apparently.
That's Depurr Report.
And it's going to spin off from Newscore.
Yeah.
So I guess they're going to merge and continue to publish worthless stories.
Okay.
So is it my turn?
Yes.
Sorry.
Okay.
Hello.
I'm not going to read your first email, first or second email, but I'm going to tell you
if you are going to pluralize something, do not use an apostrophe.
Apostrophes are for possessives.
The end.
Okay.
Now I'll read it.
Hello all.
First of all, I have to say I'm loving the show.
Second, I want to hear, I want to get Jamie her taco, so I thought I should write to you
guys.
My taco was delicious.
Thank you.
Here's my question.
I'm a hardcore MMO player.
Blizzard has its firm grasp on my wallet for six years and I've recently dabbled a bit
in playing Rift alongside WoW.
The thing is, I think Rift made me want to play WoW again, and I always wondered why
that was.
Any ideas?
Maybe because it made you really appreciate World of Warcraft?
Maybe?
Also, there are lots of new MMOs being released.
Terra Online, which I like to call Chicks with Gigantic Boobs MMO.
The Old Republic and The Secret World.
Do I want to play them?
Yes.
I actually want to play all of them, but I know most will probably disappoint me.
In reality, I'll probably just stick with the two MMOs, but yes, here's my real question.
Finally, do you think it's possible to juggle two MMOs at the same time?
Keep up the good show, and I hope that you get your tacos, Jamie.
Love, Cyl.
Hey, it was our guest from Hoard House this week.
Yes.
You know what?
I feel bad now correcting.
You bitch.
No, I'm just kidding.
See, I said that was your role on the show.
But I do that to everybody.
So, much love.
Okay.
So, first of all, I actually want to go back and play Star Trek Online while I'm playing
well, but I can't afford the two together right now.
That's the hardest thing, is that trying to pay for two is usually the hardest thing to
play two.
I've seen a lot of people juggle a freemium in a premium, especially like Guild Wars types
of things.
That gets juggled a lot.
Facebook games, if you think about it to some extent, are MMOs, kind of, I don't know.
So can you?
Of course you can.
There's lots of people that play two MMOs at once.
When I was on Star Trek Online, I played Ragnarok Online on a free server.
So I was keeping up with two MMOs, no problem.
I mean, most of the time it was just, oh, which one are my friends hanging out on?
Well, I'll go play this one right now.
Okay, well, my guild's all asleep because I'm in America and they're not.
So I suppose a lot of it just kind of depends too on how casual or hardcore are you into
the games.
Like, if you're hardcore into WoW, you don't have time for a lot else.
If you're raiding several nights a week for several hours at a time, you're probably lucky
if you're fitting in console games in your downtime.
You know, you can't, your life can't be filled with video games 24-7 and I think, you know,
obviously the stuff from earlier tonight kind of proves that.
There's a whole real world out there with news and everything.
You know, so, but if you're more of the casual type, you don't really tie yourself down to
the games.
You get to play on kind of like an as-you-want basis, absolutely there's room for two.
Why not?
Hell, some people invested like, what, a hundred hours plus into a game like Oblivion.
That's almost as big of an investment as an MMO.
Well, it's, I'll tell you what's kind of hard is I've been playing Portal 2 and WoW together.
I mean, not at, clearly not at the same time, but I mean, both are time consuming, it really
just depends.
Next email.
Hey y'all, I was listening to OLR about the PSN network going down and the guy who was
writing in thought that Anonymous did it.
I personally don't think it was them because they said they had realized it wouldn't hurt
the people they were trying to stand up for, which is a point that I made.
It sounds to me like someone heard that Anonymous was doing this and decided to take advantage
of having an obvious patsy and cover their own tracks.
These guys seem to focus mainly on taking down websites and I've never heard of Anonymous
actually stealing stuff.
I mean, I guess it's possible, but it just doesn't sound right.
These are the same people who defended that Casey Heinz kid who was bullied.
They sound like well-meaning folk.
It just doesn't seem like them to me.
Also about the hacking emails, I got one from Best Buy 2 saying that their email list had
been stolen.
It just seems to be going around right now and that's from Holly D.
Wow, that's another Hoard House listener I recognize.
Yeah, I don't know.
It's going to be interesting to see, especially with so many people involved, what the effect
on the hackers could be because at the end of the day, the hackers are the ones to blame,
right?
Yeah.
Although Sony does share their part in the accountability.
Yes.
They had...
Sony needs to show what they're really doing to stop the hackers other than, well, our
system is hack proof, inviting them in the front door, you know?
Don't talk out of your ass.
Okay.
If any, please answer in comments or e- what the hell is this?
Oh no, this is crap email.
Sorry.
Oh, is it spam?
Yeah.
Oh, we have one from Anime Jam Session podcast crew, which would be our buddy Ranma.
Skip it.
I'm just kidding.
I'm kidding.
Greetings one and all, DJ Ranma S from Anime Jam Session here.
In between downtime and edits for the site and podcasting and everything else, I have
found time to send an email.
I do have something to discuss and I will get straight to the point.
Rob, you squeaked with delight over the revival of the Commodore 64 and Loki thought it was
crazy.
I do have your back on this.
I grew up with the C64, but instead of Tandy, Radio Shack, TRS-80, MC-10, and Color Computer
3 for me.
I had one of those too.
From reading the specs and design build of it, I can justify the cost, especially the
ultimate.
I can tell you right now that the parts alone would run about $300 to $350 and probably
another $200 for the case itself, since it's going to be made from the original materials,
not the soft, cheap plastic crap, so Loki, stop hatin'.
That's it.
Time for me to get back to work here.
The monkeys are flinging their poo at me, duck.
Take care and stay black.
Okay, now the joke is officially dead.
This email was brought to you by Anime Jam Session, a podcast dedicated to anime cons,
conventions, pop culture, and everything in between.
Guaranteed podcasts, derailing, or your money back.
Check it out at www.animeshamsession.com.
Also on iTunes.
Plug, plug, plug, plug, plug, plug, plug, plug, plug.
Could you read that part again that says, to Loki, stop hating?
Stop hatin'!
That's why he's on the show, is to hate.
He's our resident hater.
Hopefully he's playing Portal right now.
Yeah, well, Portal sucks.
Oh wait, no it doesn't.
I got nothin'.
Hey, O.L.R. crew, long time podcast listener, first time writer.
There have been many times that I have almost written in to comment on this, but never really
felt compelled to until now.
My reason for writing is twofold.
One, most importantly, free tacos for Dark Sakura.
I love you.
Hopefully this email will get to that magic number ten.
You're up there on the list.
Two, Rob, please say it loud the following.
Okay, ready?
Beardy McWhiskey will win the lottery.
Beardy McWhiskey will win the lottery and give half to Rob.
I'm requesting this because obviously Rob is a prophet given his prediction of the PSN
outage being a bigger deal than initially reported.
I was listening to the podcast last week.
On the same day, Sony said, oh, and by the way, you know all that sensitive data we made
you give us to play our games and use our services?
Yeah, we just put a Furby on guard to watch security, and I guess the battery just ran
out.
So, normally if anything was up, that little sumbitch would, that little sumbitch would
start talking all kinds of crazy stuff like, mew, wow.
But don't worry, everyone, we're going to put in a new battery.
In the meantime, just watch all your credit card info and change all your passwords.
We cool, dog?
Yeah, we cool.
I'm sure this topic has been beaten into the ground, so you can leave it at that.
Beards Whiskey and Rock and Roll, Beardy McWhiskey.
I like Beardy McWhiskey.
Is he Canadian?
I don't know, but I want him to send me some whiskey and send me the good stuff.
Send me the beard.
Just kidding.
You would not be able to, Alan can rock the beard.
Alan can rock the beard.
I don't think you can rock the beard.
No, I can't rock the beard.
You've got that baby face.
Aw.
Aw.
Then again, I didn't think Dan could rock a beard, but now he's got the goatee of doom.
You don't know.
One of these days I'm just going to shave my head and then I'll have the beard and we'll
see what happens.
That's too lumpy.
But I'm not going to have a choice soon enough.
You could totally pull a Shatner and get, like, the fake toupee.
No, I'm not.
We'll get you a Tribble!
In hell.
And then we can pop you on the head and go brrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.
Rob Hearts.
Next email.
Okay.
Hi O.L.R.
It's spaznator again.
Yes, spaznator was one of the ones who sent me the big email from Sony, but this is the
part of it that I'm going to read.
Hi O.L.R.
It's spaznator again.
Sorry for the second email, but I have a question for you regarding the PSN press release from
4.30.
The wording in one section has me a little confused. It states as follows.
The company also expedited an already planned move of the system to a new data center in a different location that has been under construction and development for several months.
In addition, PS3 will have a forced system software update that will require all registered PlayStation Network users to change their account passwords before being able to sign into the service.
As an added layer of security, the passwords can only be changed on the same PS3 in which that account was activated or through validated email confirmation, a critical step to further protect customer data.
When they say that the password can only be changed on the same PS3 in which the account was activated, do they mean the PS3 which you initially created the account or if you for the sake of this email are on your fourth PS3 and had previously successfully activated your account for the current PS3?
Nope, the original one, but you'll be able to do it through email as well. If your original one died or whatever, you replaced it with a slim, whatever you did, you're not screwed as long as you can still log into the email account that you use for PlayStation Network.
I ask this because I have two PSN accounts, spasnator and movie underscore profile, and neither account were initially created on my current PS3 although I've had these profiles on my PS3 since Sony sent it to me.
With one profile, the email address is current, up to date, and easily accessible, but for the other, I still have the old Final Fantasy XI slash POL, I guess that's Play Online, email address associated with it.
And I haven't used that in a couple of years. See, I'm both confused and concerned. Could you please enlighten me on this issue? Thank you in advance.
I think you can actually still get into your Play Online email. You should be able to.
Sony SOE was not affected. They went down for a little bit, but their information was fine, and that would include Play Online.
Okay, well, we're almost done. Another one from Robert M. From what footage I've seen of Portal 2, how would you say it's fair to compare the ambiance to that of Bioshock? Haven't played either yet, but hope too soon.
Bioshock is a little bit more doom and gloom, ominous?
Bioshock strikes me as a little more steampunk, whereas Portal's just a little more...
And it's a little bit more on the psychological horror. But Portal is the...
It's definitely like Science Lab from old to new. I don't know how else to describe it.
With that quirky humor.
Bioshock, you know, keep in mind there's blood in Bioshock, and there's not in Portal, and it really does make a difference.
Portal is really more of a puzzle game.
Yes, you can die in Portal, but you don't die in, like, gruesome ways.
No, more like you drown or get shot.
Yeah.
And if you think about it, Mario only, you know, he dies from drowning in water or falling off a cliff, you know.
Characters die in games, but sometimes it's violent and sometimes it's not. So...
That is finally it!
That's it?
Yarp.
Alrighty.
I read 11 emails.
Mailbag at OrangeloungeRadio.com. Send us more emails, give us things to talk about.
Sorry, no food incentive for next week, but we'll think of something in the future. Maybe we'll have a special week.
But this time, Darsaka's buying me something, okay? That's all I'm saying.
I want tacos. I want Pinkberry. Send 10 emails so I can get Pinkberry. That's what I want.
Of course, everybody knows tacos, but not everybody understands Pinkberry.
Pinkberry's... Oh, wait, we got one last minute email.
And it's short, so I'll read it.
Okay, fine.
Hey guys, I just wanted to chime in so Jamie could get some tacos. I did not get tacos. I got taco, but it was a big taco.
That was her request, too. I asked her what she wanted and she said she wants a fish taco.
Yes.
Heh heh heh heh.
Fish tacos are great.
Heh heh heh heh.
What is likely one of the main console developers would cease to exist and what is the likelihood new console developers could enter the market?
Thanks guys for a great show as always. Hope Jamie gets tacos till her tummy explodes. I love your rants and very logical points of view, Loki.
This message brought to you by typing on a PSP.
Sucks! Thanks again, guys. Blade 3.
Sorry, what was the question out of that, too? A console developer?
What is the likelihood that a main console developer would cease to exist and what is the likelihood that a new console developer could come in?
Now, I'm gonna go back and use, um, Sega.
Okay, we still have Sega.
Or is it Sammy Sega now?
But they did stop developing consoles.
They're still around, but we don't have them as a console developer anymore.
That's a really good question. Um, I don't think it's gonna happen right now.
Coleco's gone.
Well, yeah, no, and NEC did the TurboGrafx, right?
Atari.
But NEC is still around.
Right, all these companies are still around, but they don't have consoles anymore.
Yeah.
Um, well, there's also, you could go minor. You could say Philips had the CDi, Apple had the Pippin.
Magnavox.
You know, none of these really made a splash, but they did exist.
Um, eww, this is really hard.
I think quite likely, because of the ones out now, the real newcomers would be Sony and Microsoft.
And Apple.
And Apple.
I still say the i-blank is a gaming device, and that's kind of where, I don't know, a lot of portables going.
Um, you know, the thing is, as far as someone exiting, despite the news we've been talking about this week,
when it comes to the pure sales, none of the systems have been doing terribly.
None of them have tanked.
No.
And that's usually why a console, you know, why a company disappears, because they release a console that just tanks.
And that really hasn't happened.
But we really have our big three.
Yeah.
And two of our big three are newcomers within the last 15 years?
PlayStation's about 15 years old, so yeah.
Yeah.
A little over 50.
That came out in 94, or 95.
But it was, Sony's additions, well, contributions to the console market, they did the SNES's sound processor.
I just, I think it's too much for a fourth person to come in, but I think if it's going to be anyone, it's going to be Apple.
I think they're going to try to sneak their stuff onto your TV through Apple TV and all this stuff, more so than they already have.
And I don't think it's that Apple's really trying to get into gaming.
Apple's just in it to make money.
So we'll see.
But as far as one of the other three going away, I don't think so.
One of them's going to have to release a real stinker for that to happen.
And I don't see any of them as particularly vulnerable right now.
But obviously if Nintendo's going a completely different direction with this console, could be a risky move, especially since 3DS didn't go up to expectations.
But I don't think the 3DS is doing terribly.
It's not doing enough where it's going to bankrupt the company.
Yet, anyway.
Well that was actually, I think, a really good email.
Thank you for contributing.
MegaBoyX in our chatroom says, screw Apple.
I think that's what a lot of people say.
I think you just mean facts are facts.
iPhone, iPads, iPods, all that shit sells really well.
And games are available on all of them.
Enough so that Nintendo has had to comment on it and kind of dog the competition.
So, they are a player.
No.
Alright, that's it for the email bag.
Now is the part of the show where we're going to get ranty.
It's the FUs of the week.
Rawr.
My FU goes towards my last week and finals week of school.
I have a lot of work to get done and not that much time to get it done in.
And my second FU goes towards my really weird bout of exhaustion slash insomnia
that's been making me completely wiped out and kind of burned on everything going on.
So, I'll figure it out.
It's probably just end of school stress.
Okay.
Loki?
FU to the upcoming hot that's going to be coming this week.
I mean, it's not hot as what we normally get.
But it's going to get up to 85 degrees this week.
And that's not that bad.
But this time of year though, you know, 85 feels like 105.
And then once we hit 105, we're begging for 85.
But right now, it feels like 105.
So, dammit.
I hate being hot.
I like being cold.
Cold is easy.
Put more layers on.
Hot, can't take more layers off.
It only takes so many layers.
My FU of the week, I don't know.
Things have been pretty good actually.
I'll just FU to me not usually getting enough sleep at night.
I should stop doing that.
Oh, FU to having to work on Saturday.
That's definitely worthy of an FU because that's why I had to get up early on Saturday.
Exactly.
I actually was not forced to come in, but I just did it because when people ask me nicely,
I tend to do nice things even though I might not really like them.
All right.
Moving on.
Let's get into a couple more news stories.
And then finally, the Skype line.
I expect it to be ringing off the hook tonight, but we'll see.
All right.
Let's get into some other news.
Loki.
Yes, this is kind of funny.
It's one of the most annoying characters ever.
Getting kind of a return in sort of a gaming form.
Microsoft Office's Clippy is getting its own tutorial slash game.
I guess Ribbon Hero 2 Clippy Second Chance.
It's a video game slash tutorial to kind of walk you through some of the new features of Microsoft Office.
It says, yes, we've turned Office into a game.
If you're going to spend time immersed in the inner workings of Office, by golly, it should be fun.
Discover new Office features by actually using them with hit button to fall back on in case you get stuck.
Race for a high score with colleagues, classmates, and friends.
You can put your high score on your resume to show off your Office skills.
I don't recommend doing that.
For those of you who have been paying attention, we've done this before.
That's how we've got the two at the end of the title.
So what's different?
Clippy.
Comic strips, colorful graphics, surprise animations, multiple levels, time travel, upside down.
Clippy, spaceships, Greek gods, bow and arrow battles, and tons of useful Office features.
Will it slow down your computer insanely too?
That's what Clippy was always best for.
Alright, moving on, one more story for you guys tonight.
It's about a big, big PC game that's set to come out soon.
Diablo 3.
When is it coming out?
Well, some are saying possibly 2011.
I kind of hate news stories like this because it kind of seems obvious.
Well, it's either coming out this year or next.
I mean, no shit.
But here's what's causing the speculation.
No, no, no, it should have been.
It's either coming out this year or later.
Yeah.
Here's what's causing the speculation.
The game director for Diablo 3, Jay Wilson, said this to the New York Times.
Quote, we're definitely in the home stretch.
We're crunching.
This is when the magic happens.
But, I mean, for Blizzard?
Shit.
That could mean anything.
I hope it's this year.
I would love to be playing Diablo 3 by Christmas.
I'm hoping BlizzCon will shed some light on that.
Especially since they're not going to be releasing a WoW expansion this year.
They may have a Starcraft 2 expansion.
But otherwise, there's nothing for Blizzard to release this year.
So I sort of hope it is Diablo 3.
I would say it's got to release in the...
Well, they have a new MMO they're working on.
Yeah, but that's not coming out until, like, 2013.
Doesn't mean they can't announce it.
They can announce it, but it won't make them money.
An announcement doesn't make you money.
Well, that's not necessarily true there, no.
Because an announcement at BlizzCon makes them money.
Because people go to BlizzCon for those announcements.
They could get up on stage and announce that they just pooped.
And people would pay $175 to still go.
Because that's what BlizzCon's turned into.
It's people paying to watch what they should be able to see at E3 on TV for free.
And I love the Blizzard products.
I just haven't loved them as much since Activision bought them.
But anyway, if you want to know more about that, go listen to the other show.
Meanwhile, let's get into the calls.
If you want to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR
or our username on Skype is OrangeLaundryAD.
The phones are open.
PSN, Xbox, whatever you want to talk about in the gaming world.
Give us a call.
We'll let you talk for a minute here.
Kaijuto in our chatroom says,
I think Diablo 3 is going to be a letdown.
I really hope not.
Like, there's a part of me that doesn't want to argue with you.
Because you might be right, but I just really hope not.
I hope you're wrong.
I think it won't be worth the development time.
I'll put it that way.
I mean, I don't know.
Blizzard doesn't really seem to put out bad games, though.
You know, Starcraft 2 is still really good.
WoW has all been great.
But then again, Cataclysm did have a lot of problems.
It's been the weakest WoW expansion so far.
It hasn't lived through its life expectancy yet.
But so far, it has not WoWed people,
ironic, across the spectrum that the other expansions have, I would say.
S.J. in chat says,
I have zero hopes that it's coming out till it's in my hands.
Well, you may be waiting for a little while.
We'll see.
Anyway, let's go to the phones and take some calls.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Who's this?
It's Deathwishing.
Hey, Deathwishing, how are you?
I'm pretty good.
I have to comment.
I'm full of patriotism.
Yeah, I know.
It's crazy what's going on in the world.
But I have to comment on this.
It's so much more important.
I'm looking at your little Skype picture,
which is very MySpace-y.
Like, what is this?
Are you taking a picture of yourself in the bathroom?
Well, it's my senior year, right?
And my barbershop quartet, we all went to Disneyland,
and my friend bought a fox hat, so I had to take a picture of it.
Oh, that's what you're wearing.
I think it's a chick magnet.
It's a chick magnet.
All right, awesome.
All right, well, what did you call in to talk about?
PSN stuff.
Okay.
What are your thoughts?
I guess PlayStation Network feels that they're obligated to give free stuff
on a free service to all the whiny 4chan babies.
So you don't think they should be giving anything at all?
I only think they should be giving reimbursements to the people that pay
for PlayStation Plus, you know, and the people that pay for services
like DC Online and paying customers.
Not like everyone gets free stuff because you all bitch,
but we're going to say we're polite.
It's, I don't know, it kind of ends in the fact that I can't play SOCOM before.
Now, be honest.
Now, see, usually that sort of reaction comes from what you would call
a Sony fanboy, so be honest.
Are you a Sony fanboy?
I own all systems, but I really, I mean, I kind of like it
because I can get PlayStation Plus for free now just to try it out,
but I guess I kind of am a Sony fanboy.
All right, see, see, all right.
Well, I mean, what did you think of all this, the hacking and all that?
I mean, as a Sony fanboy, are you like, this could happen to anyone,
or are you like, wow, maybe Sony kind of asked for this?
I first went, wow, holy shit, I can't believe this happened,
and then after I saw, oh, we didn't have a crypt and stuff,
I kind of just went, Sony, you set yourself up to this, you morons.
I mean, you would think a company with all this money, with services,
you know, in this age of day that has a service where, okay,
we have for the developers, we can buy all of each other's games
off our PlayStation Network, but we're going to keep it on the same server
because that's the smart thing to do.
Oh, no, guys, we're hacked now, and guess what?
Your credit card's out, and the whole thing with the way they work
the information, that just pissed me off, too.
It's like the United States, which I love.
Yeah, so do you agree with what we were saying earlier in the show
about Sony is just hard-headed?
Very, very much so.
Why is it?
Is Sony just drunk with power from being from the rampant success
of the PlayStation and the PlayStation 2?
Well, yeah, I think so that. I think that what they're trying to,
you know, they're too afraid of the $599 US dollar system being, like, compromised.
You know?
Right.
What I'm talking about here, how it's like, oh, we have such an expensive system.
Oh, shit, we fucked up.
I think that whole not encrypting the data is going to be a real thing
that comes back to bite him in the ass.
I think if this thing does go to trial, that's going to be the piece of it.
You saw the stock prices go down, right?
Oh, well, of course. Of course their stock price is going to go down.
Yeah, it already bit them.
Oh, yeah.
Especially how much of big releases for them came out that week, too.
Hence me buying, actually, one of those releases and not being able to play it.
Yeah.
Well, not being able to play it online, but still.
What is going on with SOCOM right now?
Does SOCOM even have a single player? It does, right?
If you can call it that.
Interesting question. I like this comment from bonds006 in the chat room.
If any one of us was working in the higher ranks of Sony,
would we do something different?
I told, I mean, I was trying to get, if I was in the higher ranks,
I would have ran up to the frickin' night key people in there
and punched them all in the dick.
Let me put it this way.
Yes, if I were Kazurai, I would have promptly fired the person in IT
and I would have announced to the world that that's what we did
and that's what we're going to change.
But, I don't know.
That's, yeah, that's I think what I would have done, too.
I don't know if I would have punched them in the dick, but maybe with words.
Hey, hey, they had it coming.
Yeah, I know.
But Xbox fanboys, user service did go down for three weeks in 2007, too.
Three weeks?
I don't remember Xbox being down for three weeks.
Three days, maybe.
I had to do over like December like a shitload of people rushed online
because they got their Xboxes.
That was like three days. It was not three weeks.
I think it was three weeks.
No, I think you're wrong.
It was like three days, three weeks of like getting the network back up fully running.
If you want to get the Xbox fanboys, you need to go to the Red Ring of Death.
But again, because that was terrible.
However, Microsoft handled it much better than Sony's handling it so far.
So, all right.
True.
Anyhow.
It's all good in the tent. At least everything may have Prince money.
All right, I got to let you guys, we can get more calls, and you're breaking up a little bit anyway.
So, take care, buddy.
Bye.
All right, that was Death Wishing, ladies and gentlemen,
who apparently sings in a barbershop quartet that once performed at Disneyland.
I never knew.
The things we learn about the listeners.
Maybe we need our listeners to tell us more secrets about themselves.
That's what I'd like to hear from the listeners that call in tonight.
We want to know something about you.
Tell us the secret.
Nobody would know this by looking at me.
All right, let's go to the phones and get another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hola, bienvenidos a Orange Lounge Radio.
Quien es?
Hello?
Hi, who's this?
Hey, can you hear me?
Yes.
Hi, who is this?
I've got a bad echo.
Uh-oh, that's a problem.
Hold on a second.
I'm sorry.
I didn't expect you guys to pick up that quick.
Sure, we'll hold.
Can you hear us at all?
Yeah, there we go.
I had to kill my stream.
That's all right.
It happens.
Yeah, yeah.
First rule of calling into radio.
Turn off your radio.
All right.
Who is this?
Hey, this is Blue Swim.
Hi, Blue Swim.
All right, tell us something we wouldn't know by looking at you.
Well, I'm a Spice Girls fan.
Awesome.
Awesome.
All right, great secret.
All right.
All right, what's on your mind tonight?
Forgive me if you already touched on this.
I was in and out of the room.
Yeah, I know.
There's a lot of news going on in the world.
It's fine.
Did you weigh in on the show about IGN's little fake or gay article?
No, there was a part of me that didn't want to go there, but if the listeners want to
go there, then fine.
Why don't you do some reporting on this?
Tell us a little bit about what happened and how you feel about it.
Well, basically, IGN took the time to write a little article detailing the sexuality of
Yoshi and Turok, of all people.
Basically, they went through this whole long detailed article explaining that Yoshi is,
I believe they used the phrase technically queer or something to that effect, because
he is dating Birdo, who apparently is a transsexual, if I got the article right.
My browser's kind of going slow there for a minute.
Yeah, so yeah.
I was told on Twitter that the article was actually written by somebody who was gay,
which makes it stranger.
I don't know.
It makes the whole thing weirder.
But as I mentioned on Twitter, articles are written to generate hits, and that's one reason
why I wouldn't link it for my Twitter, because I wasn't going to give them what they wanted.
And I think these sorts of rampant speculation, it just adds fuel to all that stuff, and it's
just unnecessary.
If you want to write an interesting article about sexuality, why not talk about the impact
of that?
Or why are more games not putting it in their storylines?
Or what is it that gay folks want in gaming?
Maybe interview them.
It's probably the same thing as everyone else, to be honest.
I'll tell you that.
I don't know, just an article like that just seemed so unnecessary.
Or give us an article with a developer for Dragon Age, or one of the studios that actually
put a gay character in the game, about how they did it, and how they made sure to address
the sensitivity by making it realistic without being a joke.
I don't know.
Other than like, oh, Birdo's gay because of a misprint that was in an instruction manual
so many years ago, because they used to rush the translation.
I mean, it's stupid.
But it actually has been official that Birdo is transgender.
But still.
Wasn't that confirmed in Captain Rainbow or something like that?
That Nintendo Wii game that only came out in Japan several years ago?
Also, there's plenty of folks that would argue that just because you date somebody who's
transsexual doesn't make you one sexuality or another.
I think some people just care too much about who's gay and who's straight.
I think just love whoever you want to love and be over it, you know?
That's just me.
I'm all for equal rights.
Well, what did you think when you read the article?
Did it piss you off, or were you like, too many people were getting their panties ruffled
over this?
When I first saw on IGN's Twitter, when I first saw the title of this, I didn't even
have to click on it before I'm thinking, what are they fucking doing?
It just seemed like a desperate grab for hits.
It was unnecessary.
It just seemed like pure bullshit to me.
It's not an article that they needed to write.
It's not an editorial they needed to write.
I'm looking at our chatroom here, and Makeup Boy X is in our chatroom saying,
yeah, the guy on IGN came out as gay recently.
He was just trying to write a fun article about it.
I'm just kind of like, well, why not write an article about coming out as gay then in
gaming culture?
Is Yoshi gay?
Is this so weird?
I don't know.
It's unnecessary.
It's unnecessary.
That's, I think, the best thing I can think of to describe it.
It was just unnecessary.
Yeah, I know they were kind of joking about whether Yoshi was a man or a woman in Super
Smash Brothers during Snake and Otacon's conversation before a fight with Yoshi.
I remember them just bickering back and forth about, but he lays eggs, but it's a boy.
Oh my gosh.
All right, well, we've got to let you go to get some more calls.
Do you have any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
I just want to tell Defective Candy thank you for, I tell you what I want, what I really,
really want over Twitter.
All right.
Well, I have one final thought for you along those lines.
There you go.
That's not Viva Forever.
It's not Viva Forever.
It's the song I happen to have up.
All right.
Have a go on Blue Swim.
Take care, buddy.
Thank you very much.
You too.
All right.
1877 Game OLR.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Let me ask if there's any last minute stories.
I guess I should check in with Loki.
I hate to pull you from the portal.
No, that's all right.
All right.
No, we do have some last minute stories.
Of course, there's, I don't know why you would buy in the collection now, maybe because Final
Fantasy XIV is still broken.
But Final Fantasy XI, if you happen to want to join that right now, there's actually a
good collection they have out there.
They updated their ultimate collection now with the Ibiza edition, and it includes basically
the game plus all the expansions plus the extra Ibiza, I guess, expansions.
There are three add-on scenarios, all for 20 bucks.
Okay, Loki, I want you to point at me and get ready to laugh.
Yeah.
Because I kind of want to go back and play, just for a couple weeks, just to relive old
times, like revisiting an old friend.
And then on top of that, you do get a special beret that I guess will increase skill gain,
extra movement speed, and both magic and health regeneration.
And that's, I guess the new edition will be available to download May 16th.
That's kind of cool.
I want to, it's just a small part of me that kind of wants to go, just go hug an old friend.
And then there's rumor that Ocarina of Time 3D is going to be a limited initial release.
Why?
I mean, other than them being disappointed about the 3DS launch numbers, why would you
do that?
Make it extremely small so that people are trying to find it?
See, Nintendo toys with their customers like that.
That's the type of company they are.
Awesome.
Well, I'll tell you what, I'll free up one extra copy for those people looking for it,
because I'm not buying it.
And last but not least, if you don't like Madden, yet you still want a football game,
All Pro Football 2K8, they have released, there's an editor that's been released for
it, for the Xbox 360 version, using some file editing.
And this can be done on non-modded consoles, by the way.
You can actually update your rosters, you can also create custom teams, I guess adjusting
stats and players and all that stuff, ratings, abilities, physical appearance, and basically
create your own teams if you want, or base them off of the actual NFL teams.
And I'm sure All Pro Football 2K8 is probably dirt cheap nowadays.
So if you're interested in that, check out operationsports.com, they had a feature running
on it, it's Flying Finn releases All Pro Football 2K8 editor.
That's it.
That's it.
Alright, again, I'll give the number one more time, 1877 Game O-L-R, or user name on Skype
is Orange Lounge Radio, I know probably not a lot of people want to call in at this point,
I thought it was going to be a busy phone line tonight, but probably just too many people
distracted with other things going on in the world, and I guess I can understand that.
But one more time, 1877 Game O-L-R, or user name on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
So, what do we talk about for a few more minutes while we wait for the phones to ring?
This is such a funny image.
Oh, one of the...
Yeah, someone finally did like a little image of Obama, it says, sorry it took so long to
get you a copy of my birth certificate, I was too busy killing Osama Bin Laden.
That's funny.
I don't know, I don't know.
I don't want to, I have things I want to say, but I don't want to get too political on the
show, but I'm just, I just hope that this will be the first step in this all being over.
So, that's all I'll say on that.
Alright, well, I guess that's it, we're done.
We're going to go ahead and close up the lines.
It is, it's got, it's 1230 on the east coast anyway, so we're done.
Let's go ahead and go around and get everybody's final thought tonight.
But first, let me also say this, if you liked Orange Lounge Radio, if you like the show
here, do help spread the word about the show.
Tell a friend or, you know, a nice five star review on iTunes is great too.
There's been some really nice ones written in the past couple days, really appreciate
it you guys.
I do read them and they make me smile, so thank you guys very much for those that leave
those.
Really appreciate it.
So, let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
DarkSakura, your final thought tonight?
We.
Loki, your final thought tonight?
Portal 2 is pretty awesome.
Chapter 2, getting into it.
My final thought is ice cream.
What?
I know.
There's Baskin Robbins around the corner.
I know, but they'll be closed by the time we're done with Afterbirth and all that.
Alright, that's it guys.
Thank you so much for listening to the show.
Let's hope that PSN comes back in the next week and maybe we'll forget about it by next
week.
Likely not.
But all the latest in gaming news and all that good stuff and your voices.
Once again, same bat time, same bat channel.
We'll see you next week.
Thanks everybody.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com.
But we're probably right anyway.
See you next week!
