Today, May 8th, 2011, Sony is on Day 18 of PlayStation Network Outage, has a dev kit
for the next Xbox when spotted in a game developer, and Club Nintendo makes a controversial change
to their privacy policy. Orange Lounge Radio. Hello, my friends out there on the internet
and welcome back to another week of Orange Lounge Radio. It's the show where every gamer
has a voice. My name is Rob Roberts. I'll be joining you over the next few hours here
live with my co-host with me. Of course, the one, the only, the awesome DarkStalker, Jamie
Summers. Heck yeah. How are you doing? Awesome. And also very humble, might I add. Heck yeah.
All right. Well, happy Mother's Day to you. What? You're a mommy to Shermy, the kitty.
Oh yeah. Well then happy Mother's Day to you too. Oh, well thank you very much. I appreciate
it. All right. Also joining us tonight, Tech Master, Loki. Hi. And please pass along a
happy Mother's Day to the Mrs. Forest. I will do that. So how are you doing, Loki? I'm doing
fine. I see you're chugging along there on Portal 2. Yes, I am. So awesome. I beat a
game this week. I beat Portal 2. That's a huge landmark for me, you guys, because I
have the worst. If you listen to this show for any length of time, you know, I have the
worst gaming ADD in the world. I play a game for literally five minutes. Then I'm like,
ooh, Shiny, another game. I'll go play that. I mean, there's so much out there to play.
There's so many games that come out every week. I mean, not just like, you know, in
retail, but you have the download games that are available. Well, you know, we're available
on one console. And you know, so on and so forth. There's just so much to play. PC and
so on. I don't always get around everything. But yeah, I actually played Portal 2 to completion
and beat it. Yay. So I feel accomplished. I don't know why. Also, it's short. That helps.
Rob. What? The potato is not a lie. I don't want to spoil it because I know there's some
people that still haven't played it. I have to say the ending. Well, I lulled at the very,
very, very, very end. But for the rest of it, I was kind of like, oh, that's it? I was
kind of, oh, I thought there was going to be a little bit more, but I think something
in my head, I made up a plot point in my head that didn't come to fruition. And I think
that's why it was a little bit like, oh, I see. I was a little let down because I wasn't
right on that point. I was right on everything else. But then when the other thing didn't
come true, I was like, oh, I guess I can't tell the future after all. All right. Anyhow,
join us in our chat room, chat.orangelandrado.com as we do tape live every Sunday night at
six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern at all games radio, www.allgames.com right
after the Bobby Black Wolf show. We got a lot of gaming news tonight. We're going to
get into a list list in part B tonight that will be themed around of course the big, big
story and so much more in just a little while. But first let's get into how we always start
the show off. How was your gaming week? Dark Soccer. How was your gaming week? I played
Portal 2 and got very sick and actually threw up this time. And I played some World of Warcraft.
And in World of Warcraft, I played Bejeweled, which I think it broke on me because it stopped
letting me fail for real because it's supposed to actually drop enough blocks that eventually
it just, the game will crash on you. Well, not crash, but the game will just end because
you don't have any more moves. And that never happened. So finally I just said, forget it
and went to bed. And then I played Peggle. Yay, Peggle. Yes, I love Peggle. They haven't
done anything with Peggle in a while. It seems like there was the coming to E3 super Peggle.
There was the one that came out with a portal to the valve edition was like extreme Peggle.
It's a freebie on steam. I don't remember that one. I think I missed it. Like a little
like 10 level Peggle, but it's fun. I played the Peggle in wow. I played that too. There
hasn't been a pop cap wow marriage in a while. Well, I mean, I guess there was the peace
bloom versus ghouls or whatever. Cause I haven't done that. Oh, it's in a Hillsbrad mountains.
Do you know where Taran Mill is? It's not far from there. Yeah. I've been going around
actually looking for Easter eggs. Like the one I sent you. Did you get it? I did. I figured
we haven't had that one pop up. So I've been going around looking for all the different
Easter eggs. And the next thing I'm going to do is try to get into the, uh, the troll
crypt because you can still do it, but you can't do it the way you used to be able to
do it. You know what I'm talking about? I think so. Yes. With the upside down centers.
What you should do is you should go for your Explorer achievement if you don't already
have it. Cause it forces you to kind of visit the whole world. I've already got it on, um,
ERISA. Okay. Well, except I don't have the, um, the, uh, uh, yes. All the cataclysm one
yet because I skipped the under the underwater kingdom and I've just recently gone back and
so I could get my, uh, exalted with them. And now I'm just like, people take me on heroics
please. Well, I don't want to turn this too much into the wild show cause I already have
a spinoff show for a while, but I do want to quickly say, um, you know, just, just even
today you do find new stuff in the game once in a while. And that's kind of the fun thing
about a virtual world, no matter what MMO you play. I think this can really be expanded
to any MMO out there. Rift, Star Trek, whatever it is you play. It's always fun to sometimes
go just go explore and like find new things. Like even just today, salacious pop was like,
Hey Rob, I, I, I see this house here I've never seen before. That's kind of, it's not
really on the map or anything. It's just like up here in the hill. And this guy wants junk
boxes. I can't figure out what he's for. So it was just, you know, sometimes you find
random stuff. Did you find the place where the animals have weapons? No. Where's that?
There's um, I'll find it during the course of show, but there's a place that's like the
only way you can get there is if you have a flying mount. And I think at the part that
you're normally there, you don't have one. I think actually if I'm right, I think it's
the Tauran starting area, but it's one place up at the top of the map that you can only
get there with a flying mount. And then randomly different animals are wearing helmets. Okay.
The prairie dogs wear helmets and carry knives. The rabbits carry battle axes and the rats
wear skull helmets and carry two double barreled shotguns. That's kind of awesome. And they
get bigger and then all of a sudden they'll shrink down and go to normal size. And I'm
also going to try to wake up early in the morning and do the gold jar children thing.
The only Easter, the only Easter egg area I've really explored was the one, it's right
outside Stormwind. It's up in the Hills and there's all these sheep, just tons and tons
of sheep that you can kill for the critter achievement. And if you kill them all though,
the guy comes out of his house and he goes, what's wrong with you? That's just wrong.
He starts yelling at you about what a bastard you are. There's another place, but you kill
them. There's another place that has, um, and this will be the end of it, but this one
was one I thought was really nice is there's a monument and a dwarf in red named Roush
kneeling in front of it. And it reads, uh, rest in peace, Anthony T. Stark. People were
calling that the iron man thing, but it's not. It's actually for a guy who was a friend
of the developers and Roush was his character, the dwarf. So they made him an NPC. Very cool.
I thought it was a nice gesture and the smiley face. I'll say this about another MMO, Final
Fantasy 11. You know, I played that for many years before I played. Wow. One of the things
I used to really like about that is that I really liked the ambience of that game. You
know what? The graphics are more first person. I mean, they can be third person depending
on how you play, but I just really liked exploring areas in that game because there were some
really beautiful areas and great music. And because of the way the game was designed,
you wouldn't always like see every area for a long time. So as you were progressing, which
could sometimes take months and months, you would find these new areas and hear new music
and it was just really cool. I mean, it was a frustrating ass grind. That's why I was
so disappointed that 14 was such crap. I mean, sorry to say, I don't know what's going to
happen to 14. We haven't heard of what's going on there in a while. I don't know if they're
going to try to reboot or what. I don't know. Like a sliver in my pinky, the extra part
of my pinky nail. I'd like to come back and make it like really awesome, but I don't know.
I think it might be a lost cause at this point. Anyhow, just update 11 with new graphics and
stuff and that's all you need to do. The game's awesome and not as pain in the ass of the
grind. They did change a lot of stuff in 11 since you and I left. Like the level sinking
thing is huge and you know, but there's only so much you can like cram into an old engine
and that's where Warcraft starting to have that problem. Much different outfits. Seriously.
There's so many different armors that change your look in world of Warcraft, but really
in Final Fantasy 11, it's just like, oh, I'm wearing the bondage gear. Oh, now I'm wearing
white mage robes. They're just very few new things and you can tell what anybody is by
looking at them. And the other problem 14 had was that it tried to change it up too
much. Like instead of being just a white mage and a black mage, now you could be a gladiator
or a Theramaterge. Like what? That's not why I play Final Fantasy to be a fucking Theramaterge.
Seriously, what is the point of having the same races but changing the names? Yeah, that
was retarded. Silly. Anyway. Okay. Enough fan memo ranting. Let's talk about other guys.
By the way, I must say that my wife's character, well, before she had the hairdo change, but
she looked like Mel's Tarot Tarot at one point. Actually, no, she does look like Mel's Tarot
Tarot now. Wait, wait, your wife had a Final Fantasy 11 character? No, I'm saying she's
playing Animal Crossing. Her character in Animal Crossing looks like Mel's little Tarot
Tarot because Mel looked like a little grandma. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Always cracked me up. Awesome.
There are those days, like I'll see those sales on Steam where it's like, Final Fantasy
11 is only $20 for the uber mega OMG I can't believe it version. And I'm like, I kind of
want to go back. I kind of want to go back. Resist, resist. I will. I will. Alright, anyhow.
Loki, how was your gaming week? What have you been playing? Only really three things.
Wait, more importantly, the chat room wants to know for the betting pool tonight, what
food did you bring to the show? Uh, I brought a Carl's Jr. Western burger. There you go.
I don't think anyone guessed Carl's Jr. We got a lot of losers in chat tonight. I don't
normally get Carl's Jr. Every now and then I get Western. It was today. It was like I
had a big burger for lunch and I didn't really know what I wanted to get. So I just picked
up something because I, you know, if I didn't eat anything, I'd be hungry, but I didn't
feel like anything. I almost brought nothing. I almost just had red bulls and it bought
the wrong size red bull too. So these are like a red bull and a half. I'm still gonna
drink two of them though. I had a red bull last night cause I was up until four 30. It's
still the color of pee. It is, but it keeps you awake. I don't care. It makes my brain
function. All right. Video games. What have you been playing this week? Break man in our
chat asks, what's a Carl's Jr. If you're on the East coast, I think they call it Hardee's.
Hardee's. Anyways, um, I played portal two, a lot of portal two and progressing nicely
through it. See, I started off on the 360, but I decided, you know, okay, here's, here's
that window. And I don't know if you'd, it's not technically piracy because I do own a
copy of it. Just, I'm not playing the copy that I bought. Um, so I have the 360 copy.
I have the PS3 copy that I got for free through my work, which has the PC steam copy. But
as you know, PlayStation network is down, so I can't download my steam copy. So I pirated
the PC copy and I'm playing that. So technically I own it on PC. I just am not playing that
copy, but who cares? I'm enjoying it just fine on my laptop cause it runs very, very
great. I can max out everything and um, let's see. And then I've been playing actually with
my 360 controller, which is awesome. It was kind of a headache to get it to work. Well
originally it was a headache, but until I figured out they have to have the controller
turned on before you start the game. Now it works just fine. You know, it's the only game
that seems like that's the issue for. Um, okay. So then beyond portal, I've been playing
um, unpleasant horse, which is awesome. Especially throwing little flying horses into a meat
grinders. Um, and then of course grand theft auto. That's it. Of course it just wouldn't
be a Loki week without grand theft auto. We always play grand theft auto. The only time
we're not going to play grand theft auto is when grand theft auto or another grand theft
auto comes out. Then it will just be new grand theft auto. Exactly. Uh, video games I've
been playing this week. Um, sadly nothing new. I mean, uh, there hasn't been a lot of
the download games lately that have been very appealing, uh, that I've wanted to grab and
nothing in retail is really jumping out at me right now. Uh, so, uh, just reiterating
the same stuff I'd be portal to, as I said, at the top of the show, that was a big accomplishment.
Still need to work on co-op. Mikkel, Tom, I know you're listening. You work on co-op,
uh, more. I'll join you if, uh, well, I've got my PS3 copy and they'll, I'll join you
once the network comes. Yeah, screw Mikkel top. We'll do it. All right. All right. Sounds
good. Anyhow. Uh, let's see what else, uh, I've been playing or can't you do split screen?
You can, but one of our controller PS3 controllers is still in a box. So there's only one controller.
Well, how can we get it out of this impenetrable cardboard box? No, I know if only there were
a way to break into the, the fortress that is the cardboard box. It's in a box. We don't
know which box it's in. It's, it's like playing a game show. Well, it's very easy. There's
a very simple solution to that. You rip open all the boxes, the PSN controller, the other
box has the lube. We don't know which box you rip open all the boxes, dump them on the
floor and then you'll find it. That's it. And then the cats have a new play space, which
by the way, do you know we portal cats just tangent here? Cause I need to say this. We
bought the cats a new bed, which I understand it takes cats time to get adjusted to a bed.
We bought the cats an awesome pink bed with leopard print. It's the tackiest fucking thing
you'll ever see. And I love it. And uh, yeah. Where did the cat decide to make its home?
In the pile of dirty laundry. Of course you buy them nice things and they don't appreciate
it. That's a cat earlier. I got Shermie this really nice series of cat beds that should
just ignore. And then I pick up this one for 13 bucks on sale and it's her favorite thing.
Just give it time because I know these things take like my cat. I got her a nice new bed
and she was scared of it because it looked like a cat. Do you like your bed? Yeah. Dan
says in the other room she slept on a box. She slept on a box. I had a cat that tried
that he was a little bit bigger than the shoe box, but he ever since he was a kitten would
sleep in the shoe box until he looked like a muffin loaf pouring over the edges of this
box, but he would still cram laundry though. Then they have to use the cat bed. No, no.
You know what they use when there's no dirty laundry? They use my chair. Oh, that's what
they do. Anyway, I don't want to talk about cats. I want to talk about games, but I also
want to talk about this comment. Mielethov just IME. He's like, well, just tell me when
you want to play portal two and I'll play. But he also said, apparently I missed the
remark about I'd go back for $5 to final fantasy 11 if you would to kind of like a suicide
pact. Oh, sad. I like that. Oh man. If I had the time, I know, right. I would just get
old times. Let's, let's just go not have a life again. And that's like, so I don't know.
Uh, nonconformist because you know, everybody's like MMO. Wow. You know, fuck that. We're
going to final fantasy 11. What? It's like, I don't know. Just, I missed grandma Tarou.
Okay. Look, other games I've played, speaking of Final Fantasy, I'm still playing Final
Fantasy four on the PSP. I play it for like 30 minutes before I go to bed every night.
It's a nice little way to kind of, you know, rest before bed. I, I, of course I love that
game on the super Nintendo. So of course I love the PSN port and I'm doing, I'm doing
kind of the Jamie thing where I have to play it chronologically. Like, you know, where
you guys are doing the final fantasy marathon. Well, I'm starting with four and then I'll
play the interlude and then I'll play after years finally, which I played like a little
bit of on the Wii, but I want to play it on the PSP cause I love the new graphics and
it really is just a great looking game and I hope people didn't overlook it because it
came out the same week as portal. Cause that would just be, I really want five and six
to come out the portal. Exactly. Shiny. Um, otherwise I can't play portal on a PSP. That's
most that's, yeah, that's true. He can't play portal in bed. Well actually you probably
could play portal on a PSP if they hacked the, uh, you know, their streaming thing because
I think it has enough buttons to where you can do it and just wouldn't build a zoom who
needs zoom. Oh, and I also played a little bit of mortal combat, which would be very,
very important at the end of the show. So I remember that. And then, um, let's see what
else. Um, Oh, there was one other thing I wanted to mention. Oh, star craft too. Even
though I am terrible, I've said that's the, that's the one I need to encourage a league
for because I always talk to people about star craft too. And everybody I talk to is
like, yeah, I'm really bad too. And I'm like, and nobody wants to play online because everybody's
bad. So we need like a bad league. I have never played star craft too. It's it's the
last RTS I played was red alert. The first red alert. Did you ever play like the original
war craft or war craft too? I played war craft like once because I got a demo disc with PC
gamer. That's how long ago on the CD ROM. It's really not that different. I mean it
grant it's new graphics and all that stuff. I mean, but at its core, the old game or the,
the star craft series is really like the old war craft games. Just, you know, I'm sure
star craft fans get driven bonkers and I say that, but really at its core, it's kind of
what it is, you know, collection, build buildings, build units, attack, kill, destroy, and so
forth. So that was my gaming week. Join us in our chat room at chat dot orange launch
radio.com. If you want to chat with us with tonight's news, we'll be reading a random
comments in chat throughout the show. Um, silver Sonic in our chat room, for example,
says, didn't you mean on Twitter that you played Minecraft? Uh, I, I played that last
week. My review on Minecraft was last week and let me put it this way. I didn't play
it again this week. This is Rob's review. No, it wasn't that I was kind of like, I see,
you know what I think it is. I think Minecraft is a game for artists. I think Minecraft is
very much a game for artists because it's about like creating and you know, destroying
and chiseling. No, I have a question for me. I can't even draw a fucking, I have a question
for you though. If Minecraft weren't say little pixelated blocks and they were Legos, would
that make the game more? I love the little Lego builder. That's, I love that. You can
download this thing on the PC. I think I mentioned this last week. You can make your own little
Lego things and then actually have them ship to you instructions on how to build it because
the computer program remembers how you built it and like, I guess a logic and they will
send you all the appropriate bricks. So it's like this thing for people to do like eight
bit sprites in Legos. That sounds more interesting to me than it really. It's way more interesting
than Minecraft actually because I get something tangible out of it. You know, and not to knock
people that spend a lot of time making stuff in Minecraft, but, um, you know, be also in
Minecraft, you know, if you combine Minecraft, like the world and being able to build everything
like that with ZZT where you can actually make your own games. Fuck yes, I would be
all over that shit. Oh my God. Now we're talking like, I'm just shocked that there's like Minecraft
podcasts and all this stuff. Like I'm, I don't, you know, there's a lot of videos of people
like this is my basement and I want to support all indie podcasters. So look, I'm not knocking
it. Like if you're into that, that's awesome. It's just, I, I feel like I, I feel so not
cool for not understanding Minecraft. There's not, not even like that old crotchety man
sitting in the rocking chair going, these kids in their Minecraft, I don't understand.
We're not like knocking people saying, Oh, well you're wrong for liking Minecraft. It's
just, we don't, don't get it yet. I don't know. It, you know, it might be something.
The problem is I don't have enough free time to tinker with something like this when I
can be playing other things. And you know, if I ever came across, you know, an extra
12 hours in a day where I could just sit there and build in Minecraft, then yeah, that might
be a fun game for me, but I just don't have the time. Although if you want to like say
port that over Nintendo and put some Animal Crossing characters in that and sell it to
my wife, then I might get the play a little bit more. All right. Go into our chat room
at chat.orangelandtrader.com for some comments. Kaijuto in our chat room says, to understand
Minecraft, you have to get the pay version. It has a lot more. The free version is a joke,
but yeah, but if the free version isn't that great, then it doesn't really make me want
to get the pay version, but I get it. Let's see. I apologize if I mispronounced this,
but Entitelus, Entitelitus, Entitelitus says, what's the name of that 8-bit Zelda clone
on the PS3 that came out a while back? That was a 3d.heroes. Yeah, that game was cool.
I want another one of those. I'm surprised I never got sued. Uh, let's see. Black Wolf
in our chat room says, it's okay, Rob. I don't understand. Wow. Yet some people do wow podcasts
too. No, I'm with you Black Wolf. I don't understand wow either, but because you guys
just aren't cool. It's sorry to say it like, you know, I'm not, I still like you guys.
You're just not cool. I just, I never understood, you know, just from looking at the outside
in my, you know, five second opinion of wow, you know, I just don't get it. It doesn't,
I don't, it doesn't look appealing to me at all. Like I just Final Fantasy, it was a little
bit more appealing because I understand, you know, a little bit of the lore at least, and
I recognize the characters and that kind of thing. Wow. I never played enough, you know,
Warcraft to begin with. I don't care. Here's, here's the thing about wow. Like I'll just
like sum it up as fast as I can. It's really about the people that I play with that keep
me doing it because if the people weren't there that I was playing with, I would've
canceled my account a long time ago. I got really close this past week. Oh my God. I
got so frustrated at something in the game. I really wanted to cancel my account, but
I kind of have that podcast now and there's also the community of people I really like
that also play it. So, and that's probably why the Minecraft people do their thing cause
they've got a community too, but I'm just not able to be in that community because of
a terrible, terrible, terrible artist. That's what it is. Well, I'm just saying, you know,
the, uh, the best little tarot house in vanity is not that bad of a name either. All right,
let's uh, let's move on. We need to get to some gaming news quickly. Housekeeping, uh,
visit our website, orange on trader.com. Join us on Facebook, facebook.com slash orange
lounge. And we're also on Twitter as O L R. It's like we have a different username everywhere.
Sorry about that, but it's kind of a long name. All right, let's get to some gaming
news once again. I think y'all know where we're going to go tonight right off the bat.
Let's talk about the Atari. No, um, fucking love Atari combat rocks. Yes. Uh, station.com
part of a Sony online. Apparently Sony online has gone down. Uh, they've dropped the, uh,
or they suspend their services after they discovered an issue. That issue being that
their, um, network was also infiltrated as part of that, uh, PlayStation network infiltration
from hackers. Uh, apparently also they lost, uh, 12,700 credit card account numbers and
24.6 million accounts were compromised. That sucks. And of course they're letting everybody
know, no, this wasn't a second attack. It was just part of the first attack. Yeah, that
makes it all better. You know that they got it one swoop instead of twice because twice
would just be ridiculous now, wouldn't it? Um, so yeah, uh, that does suck. And, um,
you know, they really haven't said what they're doing, at least on the Sony online, um, side.
I mean, I know there's a lot of stuff we'll be getting into about the PlayStation network,
but uh, that sucks. And of course, I think for like the people that are playing, um,
you know, the games on there, I think you're getting like a free month or something. So
not good. It's just kind of interesting that this all comes out the week that, oh yeah,
we're going to get the system back online. Oh shit, we got hacked more. But here's the
thing though. It was from an outdated database, they said from 2007 and it says of the, um,
12,700 total, 4,300, I guess, were from Japan. Um, and then I guess some more from other
European countries. They're saying though that, um, that the, uh, US credit and debit
card numbers and expiration dates, not the security codes were part of that database.
I actually have kind of a crazy question. Has anyone asked this question of Sony yet?
I'm not sure, but I've got to put it out there. Why the fuck did they have credit card information
from 2007? Why are they not required by law to purge that information? Why do they need
it? You don't need credit card information from 2007, do you? I mean, maybe they need
it for tax. It might be a service server backup or something like that. I don't know. Well,
I don't care. You should have to purge that by law. I understand the only benefit of keeping
information that only this just comes from working with loans is that you can go back
and find issues where people have done fraud and you have to track back data that far.
But at the same time though, like a lot of places will have server warehouses or backups
or whatever. They'll pay a third party company to back up everything in like another, another
branch somewhere. Like I know our company, we, uh, they have, I roll my eyes every time
they mentioned something like this. They have a place in Arizona that's like a place that
other companies send their data. It's like a, in case, you know, something catastrophic
happens and the company is like incinerated, at least all this data is backed up in Arizona
in like a mountains or something like that. A little crazy, but hey, you know what? If
a company as small as ours is doing something like that, Sony should be storing it in like
the bottom of a volcano and like the middle of like some sort of evil lair in the ocean
or something or in the bottom of, you know, an iceberg in Antarctica or something. I don't
know. Also, dark soccer, you worked for a bank, right? So for mortgage company owned
by a bank, a financial institution needing that information for that long. I get that
a way more than I do Sony needing that information. Sony is not a financial institution. I think
having the information backed up on a separate server is one thing. Having it is still an
active memory for lack of a better description. That's kind of dumb. I can see holding onto
the information, especially for purposes of bookkeeping, accounting, you know, but it
was how long, how old? Well, here's the thing they were saying. Seven is kinda, here's the
thing they were saying though. Of the 12,700 cards stolen, 900 were still active. Oh, well,
it's just 900 then. Well, that's why are we even making this an issue? Those 900 people
can suck it. Wow. All right. So let's just pop in our chat room, but I give it a spread.
This shines a little light on this saying, uh, I'm pretty sure they are going back two
years or more at the porn place. We were only allowed to archive the last four digits and
expiration date and dark soccer was right. It was in case we were ever subpoenaed or
anything and had to look up legacy order history re sketchy use of a card. Like if it wasn't
stolen and a relative was using it, but the whole card number was purged after a year,
I think. Yeah, that's kind of the transaction history. I get that, but the card number and
data itself, that is very weird. Tax audits was the only thing I can think of. Um, even
then, doesn't your bank take, why did Sony need that? So bank having that, I get it.
Sony having it, I don't. Yeah, I don't. There's a huge problem I have with that. Hence why
we turn to Congress and what, why Congress is getting involved with all of this right
now. And Sony actually responded to Congress this week. You might remember last week we
talked to Congress was getting involved, writing a nice little letter to Sony going, uh, what
the fuck is going on? Are you, did you put all these Americans informations at risk?
You know, just basically in a nutshell there, um, cause her eyes and an open letter back
to Congress detailing Sony's various principles and how they've been dealing with the PlayStation
network outage and all the various leaks. Uh, it is on various blogs all over the place
for you to take a look at. Uh, they also summarized it on the PlayStation blog. Uh, they had various
principles that they worked with during this whole issue. Act with care and caution, provide
relevant information to the public when it has been verified. Take responsibility for
our obligations to our customers. Work with law enforcement authorities. Uh, also they've
talked about the timeline for the attack. Uh, they said, quote, we discovered that the
intruders had placed a file on one of our Sony online entertainment servers named anonymous
with the words, we are, hold on. They hacked my computer too. Look, there is a text file
right here. It says we are Legion. That's impossible. Only they could have done that.
It's impossible that anybody else could create a text file that says we are Legion and they're
named anonymous. How is this possible? How did they do this? I thought my network was
secure. There was also a text. There's also a text file named Crayola in the system. Apparently
with the names of 256 flavors of crayons. I don't know why they had that, but it was
in the system. I have a comment on this. Yes, Dan, how are you Dan? Does anybody else find
it ironic that our government is mad at Sony because when Sony overreacted to somebody
hacking their system, the hackers came back to get them and it backfired on them, right?
And we, we do that all the time. That's what we do. We're Americans. We're like that country
stumbled their nose at us. Let's go get them. Five years later. Fuck. What were we thinking?
Come on guys. Give Sony a break. They're dealing. But at the same time, you know, that's what
they get. Fuckers. Well, it's just like, well, you know, I, I have blamed on this show an
awful lot. The problem is Sony lies with the way they're being managed. They are a horribly
managed company right now. Horribly managed company. And the only thing that is more horribly
managed than Sony is the government. So this whole exchange really, like when I read about
it, this is what I hear in my head. And it's, it's great cause they're like, Oh, we think
anonymous did it because there was this text file. Yeah. Wow. That, that, well, that's,
that's proof right there that somebody, you know, it couldn't have been any other hacker
whatsoever that, you know, put that text file in there to, you know, maybe divert attention
away from them and to anonymous. Or it could have been, you know, keep in mind you've got
a group that's decentralized and leaderless pretty much. So you can't control it. Everybody
who might be associated with it does. I've got more on that in just a moment. Let me,
uh, let me get that here. By the way, Sony says they still have yet to identify the individual
or individuals that are responsible for the breach. Of course not because, Oh my God,
it would be the minute it is identified who did this. And if Sony in any way possible
can tie it to anonymous, it's going to be like the headline on every fucking website
out there. Like anonymous, not so anonymous anymore. Meet the face of anonymous. You know,
it's whoever gets caught with this is going to get drugged through the proverbial street.
It is retarded. I mean, cause once again, you're saying that this is a group with no
real leadership. Okay. There are people that are leaders or whatever and you know, there
are people that are acting on their own on this website or whatever. Well basically it's
4chan. Okay. So let's just not even call it anonymous anymore. It's 4chan. Okay. And then
on top of that, if, if you don't have a, if it's not really a group that has any sort
of, you know, structure to their membership or anything that anybody can claim membership
to it, then you can't even really go after the group. You have to say it's this person
that did it because it's not anonymous because not all of them participated in it. It's this
one dude that says he's an anonymous. Like if I said I'm in anonymous right now and I
kicked Jamie or is she going to go sue anonymous because you know, no, I wouldn't bother suing
you. I just punch you in the face. Dude, dark soccer is going to punch anonymous in the
face. You know, make sure we poop in your soda or something. It's just, it's, it's dumb
is what it is. All right. I need to get some more. Speaking of anonymous, uh, they of course
have denied responsibility for this. Yes. Sorry. And I hate bringing up these guys,
but um, you may remember back with certain people griefing said podcasts that were part
of a certain forum. Yeah. So anonymous was griefing this podcast. That's how retarded
Jamie go punch them in the face. So anyways, it's, it's just, all right, look, you can't
claim that the group is behind it because there is no group. It's just people that say
that they're part of this group. So you'll just find who's behind it. It's people, not
a group. All right, look, speaking of anonymous, uh, they did send a statement to the guardian.
I'm not, I don't, I mean, I just don't understand how it works. Who sent the statement to the
guardian because I didn't think anyone was supposedly in charge, but I guess really there
is like a council or something. So there's like, so there's gotta be some type of hierarchy
and anonymous because who's sending the letter because otherwise Loki could just send a letter
to the guardian thing. Anonymous is official statement is poop, poop, fart, fart, but who's
to say that's not the official statement. Evil council, evil council.
That's a power reference. Anyway, the statement said public support is not gained by stealing
credit card info and personal identities. We are trying to fight criminal activities
by corporations and governments, not steal credit cards. If a legitimate and honest investigation
into the credit card is conducted, anonymous will not be found liable while we are in a
distributed and decentralized group. Our leadership does not condone credit card theft. Poop,
poop, fart. I mean, seriously, who's to say that, you know, since it's, but then apparently
according to a different report in the financial times, two veteran members of anonymous that
I guess the financial times knew, I guess they weren't that anonymous, but somehow they
got in touch there saying that some element of that original attack was probably the likely
reason. The word likely was involved. And then, uh, according to these veteran members
quote, if you say you are anonymous and do something as anonymous, then anonymous did
it. Well, regardless, whoever did this, I mean, whoever did this is going to be in a
whole lot of trouble if they ever get found out. It's going to be public embarrassment.
I mean, at this point, but yeah, if they do, I mean, you know, it's already pretty Sony
systems are unhackable. You can't dare dare on their day of, they're prevented against
all types of intrusions, right? You know why they can't find any way to hack the systems?
Cause they did it with my mind. All this credit cards gone. All right, dark soccer. What do
you know? And then I put that text file there so we'll never know it's me. Well, Sony has
basically, um, because there's still a wallowing in their own poop like a retarded monkeys,
they have decided that, oh, we could do something to help these people maybe. So they are partnering
with Debics, D E B I X to give 12 months of identity theft protection for free. Um, also
not just a 12 months, but also adding the time that the service was out to. Um, so there
should be offers coming out over the next few days with a promotional code for the service
and people will have until June 18th to register for it. Um, I'm wondering though, this is
going to be some sort of, ooh, do we have to pay for a longer term if we get this as
like a free, you know, it better be completely free, no strings attached. That's my thing.
That basically is saying that what the all clear ID service is going to have a cyber
monitoring and surveillance of the Internet to detect exposure of all clear ID plus customers
personal information. Um, a million dollar, um, identity theft insurance policy per user
to provide additional protection. In case of all clear, blah, blah, blah, becomes a
victim of identity theft. So remember, hackers, you need to wait until till they sign up for
it till June 18th, 2012 to do all the stealing of identities. So those bastards aren't covered
at all. That'll suck it to him. What you do is you make, okay, hacker people make friends
with your victim and then say, okay, I'll hack you and we'll split the money. Yeah,
Jamie shame on you. It's just too little too late. Um, and on top of that, you know, identity
protection services are really such, I mean this one says, Oh, we'll cover your legal
costs and blah, blah, blah. But really all you have to do is go to your bank and your
bank covers this shit. You cancel your cards, you know, unless somebody has gone out and
done something wholly illegal, like shoot somebody in the face and then leaves your
driver's license on them. You know, which I don't see anybody about to go do. Then that's,
that's different. And no, don't use that as an idea. I'll leave a card that says anonymous
on it when they shoot them in the face and then they'll think that they just right out.
We are Legion in their blood. You spell it out with their intros. I think the intestines
long enough for that girl. So, uh, you got problems. I do not have problems. I have solutions
and I want to know what this is that you linked me. That's supposed to do with Europe. That
isn't anything about Europe. Somebody made a mistake in our little show, roll thread
and you got the, uh, wrong. Well, apparently they're trying to do the same thing for Europe.
The end. And there you go. So can I read this comment from a chair real quick? Amiga seven
seven seven in our chat room says like some people on the net say gaming needs a WikiLeaks.
I don't know. In theory, that's kind of a neat idea, but I don't know if gaming could
the gaming community could handle something as serious as WikiLeaks. Like gaming needs
a Perez Hilton. That's what, that's what gaming needs. Something a little more. That's what
the, um, our website should do. Draw cocks on people's faces. That would be great. Coconoses
on Marcus Phoenix. Let's do it. Loki. Um, yeah, I'm not about to go draw cocks on people's
faces unless I put anonymous below it and then you know, they'll think that they drew
cocks on people's faces. Ah, yeah. Anyways. Uh, so the PlayStation network supposed to
come up this week, but as you know, it's not up this week. What the hell? It's, uh, been
delayed because apparently they need further testing. Uh, and says, obviously not coming
back this week. And, uh, it says that, you know, uh, based on, you know, this is when
we held the press conference in Japan last week, uh, based on what we knew, we expected
to have services online within a week. We were unaware of the extent of the attack on
Sony online, um, servers and we're taking this opportunity to conduct further testing
of the incredibly complex system. I might add the incredibly complex and poorly guarded
system. Um, yeah, so it's not coming back this week. Surprise, surprise. And, um, apparently
there is some stuff that came out from, to be fair, Loki, I mean, if I'm understanding
correctly what exactly Sony is having to do right now, they are basically having to rewrite
the entire fucking PlayStation network in two weeks. A process that took months to begin
with, right? Am I right? That's kind of what they're doing. They're talking about reconstructing
the whole fucking thing from the ground up. See this? It's the tiniest violin playing
it for them. I feel so bad for them that they had to create an entirely new database. If
only they had known that their database were, um, you know, poorly updated and, uh, just
not ready for any sort of hacker attack. Oh, but they did because I legitimately do feel
sorry for everybody that's having to work plenty of overtime right now. Probably mandatory
overtime trying to fix this situation when it's really not their fault. Well, it's somebody's
fault. They made decisions and unfortunately that's the way it works. Yeah, but it's like
the grunts are having to pay for the queen bees decision and that's very unfortunate.
So I really like this situation will never get better and tell Howard Stringer comes
down. You don't like it. You don't work there. That seems pretty simple to me. Anyways, so
some information coming out of the house of representatives, energy and commerce subcommittee
on the commerce, manufacturing and trade. Wow. That's a long title. Um, according to
the breach and this is, I had to laugh at a little bit too because I think from what
I heard that it's some guy saying that he read somewhere on a forum, this information,
I hope that's not the case, but, uh, apparently they're seeing that Sony had learned several
months ago that, um, apparently the PlayStation network was hosted on servers running very
old versions of Apache software that were unpatched and had no firewall installed. No
firewall. That's awesome. I think that was debunked. I think, uh, uh, some other internet
thing looked into it and found that no, there's caches out there that prove that that isn't
the case. Okay. So this is just a case of Congress kind of understanding something and
further complicating the situation. Exactly. Well, like I even remember reading this and
I had to, I had to find it cause I actually read part of maybe the transcript or something
like that. They were, they were quoted. Yeah. I had read on a, on a Sony or read on a forum
that this was, they literally said, I read this on a forum. You're taking a forum as
fact. Awesome. Nothing wrong with that at all. Now, Sony, I read this on a forum and
I understand you like mudkips. Can you explain to me, Sony, what is a mudkip? Hey, I read
here on another forum fucking Nintendo. It totally told me where the WMDs were in Iraq.
Where's WMDs there. This forum said so we need to go right now. Um, they would never
be wrong. And then this is great. Apparently there is a rumored third attack planned for
Sony. Um, so it says, and this is great. Let's, let's just read through this and laugh at
the source. Okay. A group of hackers says that they're playing another wave of cyber
attacks against Sony retaliation for its handling of the PlayStation network breach. Because
you're mad about the way they're handling this situation. Your plan is to hack them
again. Hey, listen, we're going to, we're going to hack you again. So we're in an observer.
Wait, wait, hold on. This is great. This is where this is coming from. An observer of
an internet relay chat channel used by hackers told Cena. So it's a guy in a chat room that
witnessed random people talking. Hold on, hold on, hold on. I'm holding, I'm waiting.
He doesn't yet. Loki. Oh my God. Oh my God. Report the news. Apparently I just hacked
Sony. It said so in this internet relay channel. So, um, yes, that, that, that's really credible.
That's about one step below forum posts. But, um, Hey, you know, I guess that that's, uh,
that's fact. So, um, yeah. Should the plant attack and the tax succeed, it would be the
latest blow in the series of devastating tech. That's right. Should this attack a seed? It
would be another attack against Sony. Wow. That's great reporting. Uh, in our chat says
I have a hankering to watch hackers now. Crash override. Zero. Cool. Angelina Jolie. That's
what they should have put in there. They should have put all that stuff like hack the planet
and all this crap from the hackers movie. That would have been hilarious. Ah, I can't.
All right. All right. Yeah, that's it. We're, we're not going to, I don't. So what now?
I mean, that was an exclusive article though. Can I say this though? Cause I read this on
Facebook, so I know it's true. And, and you know, you commented on one of Salacious Pop's
posts and you said, ah, gamers will forget this in a year. Will they really? I mean,
now it's, I realize I say, I've said that on the show before and it's, it's usually
pretty true. Like, you know, most people have pretty much forgiven Microsoft for the whole
red ring of death thing at this point, you know, and a lot of folks have forgiven other
gaming companies for their massive fuckups, but I mean, we're going on date 18 and this
could be like literally a month before this is fixed. I mean, we might forget what happened,
but will the developers who've now lost a month of sales forget what's happened? And
we are getting dangerously close to E3 for Sony. I mean, E3 is less than awesome. Now
imagine if PlayStation network is not up by the time that they all, that is awesome. That
would be awesome. Granted, the system will probably not awesome for PlayStation or people,
but awesome for the press conference. You've seen that GIF on the internet of Michael Jackson
eating the popcorn from the thriller video. That's like all of us right now at the, at
the press conference for Sony. If, if PlayStation network is not a hundred percent working now,
I'm sure at least the multiplayer gaming and all that crap will be back and home will be
up and all that. But if the store's not up, I'm saying, which is the hardest part, I think
for them to fix, it's going to be interesting. Like the keynote is going to be really weird
this year. It's going to be so weird. Like it's just going to be a train wreck, I think.
Well, especially if they're going to be talking about like, you know, it's going to be, it's
going to overshadow whatever they're showing. And there's some awesome, like the last guardian
and shit. Like I want to know more about that. And there's some pretty exciting shit that's
supposed to be coming out for PlayStation, especially when they're talking about like,
you know, the, in the next PlayStation portable system or whatever, that's going to have like
a lot of this, you know, storefront stuff built into it. We'd love to show you it, but
uh, you know, hackers and it's down. Yeah, um, I, I, uh, I'm, I'm curious to see how
many times and we should have a betting pool on this. Actually, you know what? I have the
week off of work. What I would love to do is, yeah, I do. So what we need to do, we
need to have a Sony press conference drinking game and we each need to pick a word. And
every time we hear that word, we're going to take a shot and my word is going to be
secure. So every time we hear the word secure at the PlayStation, E3 press conference, I'm
going to take a shot and I'm going to be hacker. I'm going to put like, you know, even odds
that I will end up in the hospital at the end of the PlayStation press conference.
I pick hacker. Am I trying to kill myself in this or not? I mean, what's, what's what
type of, you're trying to kill yourself, trying to kill myself. So what word would you pick
to make yourself end up in the hospital? PlayStation. No, you can't pick that dummy. You never said
I couldn't find Sony either. And you can't pick NGP or whatever. You're no fun. Oh God,
I hate you. All right. Oh, and then of course, finally, uh, Sony there, this is great. There
apparently, now I don't know if I should really trust this since it's also from CNET the website
that gets their information from people that saw internet relay chats. Um, but apparently
they're saying that Sony is waiting in weather to offer a reward for the information on the
hackers behind the massive network outage. Um, so they're looking, they're going to put
out a reward. It's going to be all Milt Gibson, you know, here's a million dollars. Find them.
Give me back my son. Yes, that's exactly what's going to happen. I need you to find these
and give me back my son. Uh, also I guess, uh, Sony's denied allegations made in the
congressional testimony on Thursday that the servers were not running under the most current
security update. Of course, this is the previous network for Sony network entertainment, international
and Sony online entertainment use servers that were patched and updated recently and
had multiple security measures in place, including firewalls, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Um, well, you know what, here's what I have to say about that. It didn't do damn good.
It did it. You know, whether you had firewalls up or no firewalls, they still got in. So
I don't know, is that even more pathetic that they were updated and ready to go? I mean,
at least if they weren't updated, you know, I might say, okay, that's how they got in.
But since they were, then how am I going to trust that your brand new network or whatever
that you're rebuilding from the ground up is going to be any different than this one
since you're, you know, superb security was no match for the hackers.
Give me back my son!
Ah, yes.
Um, actually, I think the reward's a pretty good idea. I think, um, I think the reward,
you know, what better way to get all these guys to turn on each other than put a million
dollars on the line, right? It's actually a pretty smart move on Sony's part if they
do it, if they do it, but we'll see. Uh, yeah, I'm just, I'm so looking forward to the E3
press conference, but anyway, I don't know what else to say about the situation at this
point. I feel like there's just, you just like, do you remember the Ricky Lake talk
show in the 1990s? Do you remember Ricky Lake? Go Ricky. Do you remember Ricky Lake? Do you
remember how like whenever her guests would just get like totally out of control on the
stage, she'd just kind of be standing there with a microphone or jaws just all drop. Like
I, like that's me right now. I'm out of my element. Exactly. Like I'm just kind of looking
at the stage at all these people fighting and Sony and anonymous and the Congress and
I'm just looking and I'm just, my mouth just dropped and I'm shaking my head. That's all
I've got left to say on the situation.
So let's talk about something else. Dark Sakura. Yes. Oh wait, no, I'm sorry. I have one of
the things. Sorry. My bad. Whatever it is. It's PlayStation related, but it's not about
the hack. Uh, it has to do with PlayStation rewards. Remember this? Well, you may not
because it never really happened, but there was a beta program that ended on March 31st
and an exclusive t-shirt was sent to the beta testers who got to one of the tiers in this
PlayStation rewards loyalty program. And they were sent a thank you card saying, wear it
proud. And they, yes, they got a t-shirt from this. Sony literally sent these people a t-shirt
that pretty much says I participated in a PlayStation beta and all I got was this lousy
t-shirt.
That's awesome.
Okay. Now Dark Sakura, sorry.
Sony you suck. How about something free? Something happy and free and not at all related to Sony.
There is a Thor game. It's a 16 bit browser based platformer and it is called, uh, Thor
bring the thunder. And, uh, it's basically like Thor, but done Mega Man style. So it
looks pretty neat. I think I would want that. And, uh, there actually is a, uh, DS version
either out or to be out. This is, yeah, I said May 3rd.
I was going to cue my wine. If this is just a 16 bit game, why couldn't like virtual console
be used for something like this? But no, that's too, that's too smart. That's that's that
would be something new and innovative. I'm sorry. But yeah, I like the idea of at least
a free game able to play online that has the rainbow road. I haven't seen the new movie
yet. Okay. I hear it's not bad in the comics. Well, I'll go ahead and I'll use ultimate.
He summons a freaking rainbow that brings us guardian heroes to earth. He brings the
mightiest warriors in the, in all of reality on the rainbow road to kick ass for Norse
justice. And I always like, that's very Norse and his level in, um, Marvel versus Capcom
three has rainbow road in the background. You know, I think he's really Mario. You know
what my favorite part of the Thor movie is though? Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. That wasn't
Thor at all. Actually. I've actually seen part of it, but just for a cameo that makes
me super excited. Oh, the whole Avengers tie in thing or something else. But one of my
favorite Avengers characters popped up. Okay. Makes me super happy. There you go. All right,
moving on. Let's try to give you a clue. It's it's Mel Gibson. All right, let's travel the
world and see what games are coming out soon in a gaming store near you and what games
you can play to help take your mind off of the, uh, Benny Hill theme song. Uh, this week
we've got some, uh, actually a pretty decent selection of titles Lego Pirates of the Caribbean
because you know, there's a new Pirates movie and there are Lego Pirates of the Caribbean
toys. So it only makes sense that there's Lego Pirates of the Caribbean game. And that's
out on PlayStation three, Xbox three 60. We and a DS. There is some online co-op play
except if you're on the PlayStation or cause you can't play on the PlayStation network
right now. A break coming out on a PlayStation three, Xbox three 60 and a PC this week. Also
with online co-op and multiplayer except on the PlayStation three because the PlayStation
network is down now. All right, I'll stop. Um, Yu-Gi-Oh fifties world championship 2011
from Konami on Nintendo DS. Um, the first Templar from Calypso on Xbox three 60 and
uh, Oh, I guess Lego Pirates was on PSP. How did I forget that? Virtua tennis four on a
PlayStation three, Xbox three 60 and the Wii and a dream trigger finally coming out on
the three DS. Actually though, now that I've seen gameplay of it, I am not picking that
game up. What's dream trigger all about? It was a music, um, kind of shoot him up game.
Um, but it was really weird looking. It's, I thought it was going to be kinda like rez,
but it's not. It's like, um, you have to tap the screen on the bottom and it creates like
a little radar thing and you see enemies. You have to go, Hey, not my thing. Um, if
it was like rez. Well, I'm taking a peek at a little, uh, pretty bad ass trailer here
that's on the YouTube. As you can see here, there are some shut up. I don't want to hear
this guy. Last but not least, MX versus ATV alive coming out, um, from THQ on PlayStation
three and Xbox three 60. And of course this is one of the first games that THQ is experimenting
with their lower price games. So it's only $40 retail and they're going to have a download
content every two weeks. So you know, Hey, if you want to kind of support that type of
thing and try to maybe get the prices of games down, then that'd be the way to go. So, um,
and I hear it's supposed to be pretty good and that's it for this week. See, I'm looking
at, I found a working where some dude isn't talking over it. Hold on. I really hate sometimes
that literally anyone can upload things to YouTube because I hate the people that just
take like someone else's YouTube and then do their own thing over it. Like, Oh, you
heard taste me. Hold on. Okay. So, uh, dream trigger. The next generation of handheld shooters
is here. Mind warping 3D. Over 50 levels. Collectible trophies in multiplayer. Wait,
trophies on a 3DS game. Hold on. It seems like on the bottom screen, you have to tap
it and you see where the enemies are on the top screen and then you have to shoot them.
Weird. I mean, it might be cool, but it's just, you know, I've already gotten three
3DS games that I don't play and so I don't really need to add a fourth to it. So, you
know, I'll just, I'll wait until, you know, I'll tell you what D3, you know, cause they're
the publisher of that game. You really want me to get the, you know, play a game on the
3DS. You'll portal over earth defense for us cause that would be awesome. At least bring
the PSP version of her. You know what? I'll get my PSP working again for that. All right,
let's travel to Japan and check out the Japanese release dates. This week on the Xbox 360 major
league baseball 2K11 comes out on May 12th. I should point this out. Portal two is out
next week and I wonder if that's a localization of the game. Like if they've actually redone
the voice acting and so forth. I don't know. It's in a lot of languages. Let me put it
that way. Okay, well maybe, maybe it's just the same version we have here. It's just finally
getting its Japanese release. I don't know, but I just, I wonder what GLaDOS sounds like
in Japanese. That's all. That's all I want to know, but that's next week. To give her
like an old, you know, Japanese man voice or whatever. On the PlayStation 3 major league
baseball 2K11 is out there as well as Suzumiya Harui no Suyasu comes out this week. It's
Haruhi. It's the melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya. Oh yeah, this is the same anime manga universe.
So this is a game coming out on PS3 this week. A whole game about that series. There's also
a box edition, a special box edition on that if you want to get that if you're a big fan
of the anime. On the Nintendo Wii, nothing. On the 3DS, Steel Diver is out this week in
Japan. Of course that was a launch game for us here, but they're just now getting that
in Japan. And lastly on the PSP, Planetarian Shisana Hoshi no Yume. That's a charity edition.
I'm not sure what that means. If that's a price reduction or something where the money
goes to charity. I don't have any translation on this, but it does look like the game is
kind of one of those like cyber anime space robot things. And also another version of
Suzumiya Harui is coming out there on the PSP as well. And lastly, Makai Senki Disgaea
2 Portable, of course Disgaea 2. Getting a price reduction this week on the PSP in Japan
and moves into the best series. There you go. There's your Japanese releases. How about
the UK? We do have a few things for the UK. Let me look at my calendar because it's going
to be another week. Oh finals week. Shoot me. Okay. We have on the ninth, Hydrophobia
Prophecy and on the 11th, Alads Online. And then on the 13th, we've got a few things.
We have Brink, Lego Pirates of the Caribbean, and that's it. Alright. Just a few more stories
for you guys. Then we're going to get to the classic game of the week. But first. Yes.
So apparently though, I kind of think I know what this is. Microsoft Game Studios Vancouver
is working on a core Kinect shooter game. And you know, there's been rumors for a while
now that they're going to be doing a Kinect Halo game. That's probably this. They're saying
that the studio's mission is to push the limits of the proven and unexplored game development
and show the world what's possible with Microsoft game consoles. That's pretty generic sounding.
But if I were to bet money, I would say it's probably going to be a Kinect Halo game. You
think? Yeah. Although. There were the rumors before about that anyway, so. It would be
cool if it was something original. Or you know, they want to be really cool. Not necessarily
I'd want a Kinect version of this, but Timesplitters isn't getting a lot of love lately. I really
love a new Timesplitters game. Just saying. Alright. One other story for you guys. This
is another big rumor that's popped up this week, and a lot of people kind of ignored
it because of everything that's going on with the Playstation. And honestly, this is probably
something that deserved to be ignored. But apparently, development kits for a brand new
Microsoft consoles were in the offices of one of EA Studios. This is according to a
source. They don't work for EA or Microsoft, but they did say that it came in a PC shell
and it was shipped to EA last month. I guess there's been rumors already about Xbox 360
dev kits, and this was set to sort of dispel that rumor or what have you. I don't know.
So of course, people are now speculating, is Microsoft set to reveal a new console at
E3? Well, EA's director of corporate communications came out and said in a statement to IGN that
that story was, quote, a total fabrication. It is 100% not true. And, you know, I absolutely
no way is there a Microsoft console being shown at E3 this year. I would bet a large
sum of money on that. Why? Because Kinect has not lived out its full potential yet.
Microsoft's invested a lot in Kinect. Kinect is still, what's that record? It has the best
selling electronic gadget like ever, or fastest selling, I think, electronic gadget ever,
like more so than the iPhone. It's been crazy popular for them, but yet that hasn't really
reached his full potential. And they're on a 10 year console cycle. They've been stressing
that, and that's the whole plan with the Kinect anyway. Yeah, but Nintendo got away with not
doing that. But of course, Nintendo never said it was going to be a 10 year cycle for
them. Yeah, they never did. So, you know, whatever. But I just, no way are you going
to see a new, I mean, of course you might see maybe a redesigned 360 or a 360 with Kinect
built in. I don't know, you might see something like that, but I doubt it. I think it's going
to be just more Kinect support, and now it's not going to be so much about the dance games,
the biggest loser workout games, and those things. Now you're going to see the next wave
of quote unquote hardcore Kinect games, such as this rumored Halo reimagining that's going
to be done with Kinect. I think that's what E3 is all about this year. Now how do we take
Kinect to the next, like how do we make Kinect not so gimmicky? Because you haven't seen
just make it not gimmicky. I mean, that's it. I mean, what you need to do is, yeah,
you realize that you can do just because you can do something with the hardware doesn't
mean you should do something with the hardware. Like I don't before, you know, head tracking.
That's all you need to like for I don't understand why that's not even available for most first
person shooters nowadays is just have that support in there. OK, it does a little bit
of head tracking if you want to. That's it. That's all you have to add. I mean, if you
want to make it so you can throw a grenade by swinging your arms and cool, but it's not
really necessary because it takes a lot more time to swing my arm in a grenade motion than
it would to push a button. Yeah, so yeah, I just, you know, I think it's going to be
all about maybe this head tracking or whatever else technologies are going to put in future
games. That's what you're going to see at E3 this year. And of course, Dance Central 2,
you know, and sequels to the popular wave of first titles. But really, what Kinect releases
have we seen since Christmas until now? Very, very little. I mean, especially that's not
budget knockoff titles. Now granted, Child of Eden is kind of your lone standout point.
But that's not a Kinect only game. That's a game that has Kinect support. That's OK.
I still would consider that a Kinect title. OK, well, since Christmas, here's what we've
had. We've had Dance Paradise, which was a terrible dancing game from THQ. We had the
Michael Jackson Experience, which was kind of like Just Dance and a karaoke game. We've
had Fantastic Pets, which was a THQ pet sim game that, you know, it's kind of dumb. And
every game you've named so far is a derivative of one of the Christmas games. We've had...
We've got two Dance Centrals and Kinectimals. I'm trying to think what else we've had. Kung
Fu Panda 2, that's going to be a Kinect game. Michael Phelps, Push the Limit, that's coming
out in June. Whoopee. It's a swimming game. Nothing, nothing, I mean, you're stretching
to think of things. I mean, there's nothing that just jumps out at you as like an OMG
must own title. Right? I mean, all these are just little flashes in the pan because there's
nothing else on Kinect right now and people are hoping that they'll buy this crazy shit.
You know, people that crave new dance games are going to buy this Dance Paradise or what
have you. Dance Paradise is terrible. Don't buy Dance Paradise. How does it work? Dance
Paradise, it has your avatars in it, for one. So that's how you know that they're not taking
the damn thing seriously. Two, it's basically, it's got this interface that looks terrible.
You're standing, these kind of outlines of a person are kind of sliding towards you down
this. Kind of think of it like that Hole in the Wall show or something like that where
you have to move, make a certain gesture or something like that. Isn't that kind of how
Dance Masters works too? Sort of. But Dance Masters is less, you don't really know what's
coming up. I don't know. It's an interesting idea, but it's really way too Japanese-skewed
Dance Masters, that's for sure. But, yeah, there's not a lot out there. People are looking
for stuff. It's just, sadly, Michael Jackson Experience is actually probably the best title
out of the bunch so far. Because, I mean, it's got Just Dance as the core to it, because
that's basically what the game's built off of. But, I mean, I'd wait for chat. Some people
in chat are kind of knocking on it, actually. Kaijuto says, Michael Jackson Inexperience,
I call it, DDR dollar bill. I was pissed at the experience, not from the dance moves,
but from being forced, quote unquote, to sing. Those comments from our chatroom, chat.orangelaunchradio.com.
How can you be forced to sing? The Kinect has a microphone in it. That does suck. Alright.
You should be able to turn that off. Going back to the original story, though, about
the whole dev kit, actually, you know what's funny? I don't doubt that there actually is
a dev kit already at EA. I mean, if they are going to announce something next year, which
I'd see is a lot more viable, or maybe the year after, I mean, EA is one of the big,
EA and Activision is probably your two biggest publishers, probably have to already be thinking
about what launch titles they want to make for it. These games don't take two seconds
to develop. They're going to take some time. So, I actually don't doubt that they're there.
Of course these systems are already under development. You know, I bet EA has a pretty
good idea what to expect, but you're not going to see it this year. Well, of course not,
because, I mean, if anything, these are like alpha kits or something like that, because,
you know, let's say that they're sticking to the 10-year console cycle, okay? Well,
the 360 was out in 05, and, I mean, the way prices are coming down on all electronic stuff,
you know, God knows what technology is going to be in five years, or four years, I guess.
Almost five years. I mean, that stuff comes down in price so much, I mean, if they're
like building it off of specs right now, like say, okay, we're going to have a gig of RAM
in there or something like that, well, five years, you might be able to afford 16 gigs
of RAM for the price of that. Honestly, though, a lot of this depends on how much Nintendo
ups the Ani with what they're doing, because if they are hugely successful and they've
upped the Ani past the specs that 360 and PlayStation 3 has, it's going to force the
other two to work faster. Yeah, but I don't know if that's even going to be a big deal.
I mean, they're going to have a little bit of an advantage of being first out there,
but it's all about how they grasp and use it, but if they're just going to be like,
well, we're out here first, so we're just going to kick on back, because we don't have
to worry about competition. But here's the thing, though, they've got to be way ahead
of the game, because if it's just making it just a hair better than PlayStation 3 or 360,
it's all going to be gameplay then, and if they can't bring that to the table, then eh.
But I don't think gameplay's a problem for them, because before, they've all focused
on gameplay, and graphics have kind of taken a back seat, so if they bring all the visuals
and audio and stuff up to snuff, then they have a pretty good system there. But they
also can't play their games that they've been playing recently, where it's just like, oh,
let's re-release this. Oh, let's make the graphics on this slightly better and re-release
it again. Oh, hey, here's another game that's just like this other game. Oh, hey, look,
it's another Animal Crossing with the exact same stuff in it. Oh, we'll see, we'll see.
Alright, let's move on, we've got to get to the classic game of the week. Every week here
on Orange Launch Radio, DarkSakura takes a stroll to the classic gaming vault and digs
in there and finds a game that she thinks, hey, you guys should be playing this game.
You know, there's no network, none of your newfangled networks right now to play things
on anyway. Except XBox Live. So you should go back and revisit this classic game. Dark
Sakura, what is the classic game of the week? The classic game of the week is Phantasmagoria.
Which was a weird ass game. Let's do some clips here if I can get to the point. I picked
one that like had some music, but then it went right into more talking. Anyway, Phantasmagoria
was on seven CD-ROMs for the PC and it was released in 1995, which was when I first played
it. I was my second year, no, my first full year of college. So it was, it took a lot
of time. I should have been studying. But anyway, it was one of the interactive movie
type games right in the height of the whole deal. And it used a live actress who her name
was a Victoria Morsell, which does sound kind of like a porn name, doesn't it? Miss Morsell,
will you please bend over for the camera? It makes me think of dark shadows. My name
is Victoria Winters. At any rate, like I said, it was on seven CD's because it was a lot
of video, a ton of video. And actually most of it was filmed in front of a blue screen.
There was something like several hundred different actions that the actress who is the main character
in the show, well not in the show, in the game, had to do, you know, like walking to
a night and picking something up, doing something. And also it had 550 pages of a script, which
is about four times the size of a regular movie script and an additional hundred pages
of storyboards for the 800 scenes in the game. It took four months of filming and 200 people
were involved in the productions. That's also including, that's actually not including,
sorry, the 135 people who were in the Gregorian choir for part of the music. And the last
scene took a week to film. But anyway, it was developed by Roberta Williams, who is,
she's actually behind King's Quest. And it was one of the goriest and most violent games
to come out in its time. I mean, it's got an M rating now. It had... Can I look at some
of these death scene YouTubes? I want to see how gory this game is. Okay. Let's see here.
I want to see some of this here. Let's put it up. Yep. So she's walking in front of like
this mirror that's doing a little swirly gas thing.
Can I give you a special feast, Regina? Oh, that's one of the murders.
Ew, he's like shoving all these organs in this chick's mouth and like forcing her to
eat them. This game's nasty. Basically the story, the main character is Adrian and her
husband, Gordon. And she's a paperback writer and he is a photographer. So they buy this
mansion that's owned by a 19th century magician named Zoltan Carnavash. And so basically through
the course of the thing, she accidentally releases this demon that had possessed basically
Carno, the illusionist, and it possesses her husband. So he goes on this big spree of being
abusive. He rapes her in one scene and then he gets more and more possessed and starts
killing people. And it turns out that this guy killed five of his wives. He had five
wives and he killed them based on how they were in life. Like one of them was into gardening
so he suffocated her with mulch and stabbed her with gardening tools. There was another
one who was an alcoholic so he shoved her in the eye with a wine bottle. There was a
talkative one so he gagged her and then broke her neck. And then this one... Oh my God.
Oh my God, this demon just put his hands in the chick's eyes and pulled her face in half.
This game's nasty. But she liked food and so he force fed her animal entrails until
she took to death. So his last wife realizes that he's a murderer so she and her lover
try to kill him except he comes back and kills them but they kill him again and then they
all die. So I don't know. Anyway, it's a lot of gore, a lot of really violent themes and
pretty, pretty hardcore stuff. And you're sick if you like this. This is so gross, Jamie.
This is a gross game. The reason why I'm bringing it up is because at that time it was really
novel for its time. It was really pushing the envelope. Fucked up? How about fucked
up? No, that's a good word. It was really fucked up. But for when it came out in 95
there weren't too many other games. I mean, basically you had Myst. It really did kind
of push the envelope and I think it's one of... I'd have to put it in... Grand Theft
Auto is nothing compared to that. Grand Theft Auto is my little pony. It's an angel food
cake made with whipped cream. I mean... I agree with Dungeon Buster in the chat room.
Fair to believe that King's Quest Williams did this. Clearly she had a dark side after
all those games about fucking fairytales. She's like, I can't take it anymore, gore!
More blood! More blood! Well, it also did get a sequel in 96 called Phantasmagoria,
a Puzzle of Flesh. Great name, huh? And you know, this actually came out in Japan for
the sake of Saturn. And it was completely re-dubbed in Japanese. It came out in 8 CDs.
And it was released by Outtrigger in 97 and it was just called Phantasm there. And Roberta
Williams was asked by Sierra to do a third game, but nothing happened. And she actually
said that Phantasmagoria is the game most representative of her game design career.
And there was a box set of both called Phantasmagoria Stage Fright in 1995. And actually it just
got re-released by Good Old Games in February last year as a digital download. I've actually
been totally considering because... So yeah, if you want to, if you want, if you, if you're
a sick person, you want to see this sick game, you can go... Oh, that's the final... Check
it out. Scene 2. Oh, this is like OMG Spoilers? Oh yeah, she, she... It was just labeled as
another death scene. Oh no. Uh oh. Oh my God! Gross! That's if you fail that. That blade
chopped her head in half. Yeah, but she uses it to kill him instead in the actual ending.
Sick people. It's, it's a really, really violent, bloody, gory game. But like I said, it was
really one that pushed the envelope in those days. A lot went into it. And for what it
is, it's a pretty good game. So now I wouldn't say it's too hard of a game. I mean with the
puzzles, but it was pretty good. I remember playing it when I was a lot younger and I'm
really glad I wasn't very good at it because I never got to any of this stuff. I remember
playing the game. I borrowed it from my friend, but I was like, I don't get this. I can't
play this. So I never got to any of like the really gory stuff. So I'm kind of glad because
this is sick. Yeah. Pornography. But it, it needed to be mentioned. All right. It is,
it is one of those classics. All right. Uh, that's going to do it for a part eight of
our show, but don't go anywhere guys. We're going to be right back with plenty more of
orange lounge radio. We got more stuff coming up in part B. We're gonna talk a little bit
about some of the pre E3 stuff that's going on. Uh, some news about Nintendo as well.
Lots of stuff, a little bit more. Wow. Cause the Warcraft did something important this
week. We want to share, uh, the mailbag as well. FUs of the week, your calls and tonight
a list list. So we'll take the topic. We'll get back with part B right here with more
of orange lounge radio. Welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio. We are live with episode
number 412. We're coming into part B. We've of course talked quite a bit about the whole
PlayStation debacle in part A. Uh, we're going to have a little fun with it here in part
B tonight. We're going to do some rapid fire news, some Twitter topics. You want to get
those in real quick and then a little later on we're going to get into tonight's list
list, which of course we have to poke fun at what's going on with PlayStation network
thing. PlayStation network needs when it comes back to make me care about it again. So we'll
uh, be playing that game in just a little while. We'll tell you a little more about
listless and how that works if you've never heard it before. Uh, first we want to get
back into the show. Uh, I want to do some quick plugs though for the other projects
that we work on dark soccer. It's comic insanity and it's back. We recorded today. Yay. And
um, we, uh, go, uh, I'm stuck at promos today. We are on infamous.net and F A M O U S dot
net and you can download us every Tuesday where we talk about comic books and whether
or not we care about them and other geek worthy news. Awesome. It's me and Marin Marvel and
Dan shadow and we're awesome. Um, I want to also give a plug for my show. It's called
Horde House, the best little Horde house in Azeroth and it's about all things were the
Warcraft. So if the Warcraft chat earlier in this show just wasn't enough for you, there's
plenty more that happens with myself and extra for an extra for is very, very explicit. He's
more explicit than phantasmagoria, but with Dick jokes instead of blood. Extra for is
the guy who originated the term bleached asshole. Yes. Well, I don't know if he originated that.
I believe a stripper somewhere originated that, but he made it famous. Exactly. A horde
house.com H O R D E H O U S E dot com. A couple other plugs I was asked to give here. Rama
said, please plug anime jam session. And I said, sure. Visit our friends at anime jam
session. You visit their website, anime jam session.com. Anime video games, cons, cosplay,
everything in between. Just throw it all in a blender and there you go. Anime jam session.
Although it, it sounds a lot better. Trust me, it's, it's actually pretty cool. So check
that out. They've got a fun little show there. Also, um, my buddy say joined chat and one
of the big things he works on every year is OOM loud, OOM loud. It's very loud. It's a,
uh, a child's play fundraiser. Uh, it is rock band all night long and it has a date for
this year, December 8th. Now I missed it last year and I was pissed, but you know, real
life happens sometimes. Uh, but I'm really trying to make it this year and uh, I hope
you guys can make it too. Book your flights now. It's going to be fun. December 8th. Uh,
of course it was same, same place. DNA lounge, same city, San Francisco, California, but
more rock. All right. Uh, let's get to some rapid fire news and uh, go around and do some
quick stories and then we'll get to the tweets, twitter.com slash O L R. Uh, this is kind
of unique. Um, of course with the new rock star game, LA noir coming out next week, they're
kind of, um, I don't know, tying this in with the release of that. They have some collected
stories that they're releasing on a, an ebook format and you can check it out. It's basically,
uh, an anthology, um, of collected, uh, Hollywood tales from authors like a Megan Abbott, Joyce
Carol Oates and Jonathan, uh, central for, I don't read books, so don't know who these
are. But, um, apparently though, I guess they're going to be kind of like 19, I mean 1940s
noir detective novels. So that's kind of cool. And uh, the first one, of course they have
a little sample you can check out of, um, the, uh, the girl, which is, uh, Megan Abbott's
book. That's going to be the first one coming out and you check that out on a rock stars
website, rockstargames.com slash LA noir, um, slash features slash stories and they'll
be right there. And a pretty cool, uh, idea, I guess they're going to have, I guess eight
total. Um, and I'm definitely checking out that game when that comes out next week. And
then this is also pretty cool. Uh, with a copy of battle LA on Blu-ray, you can also
get an early access to the resistance three demo that'll be on the disc. Uh, the demo
will be a 30 minute demo that was, I believe shown off, um, earlier this year. Um, I guess
back in March they were showing some of that stuff off and, uh, the game looks pretty awesome
and you know, it kind of ties in with battle LA since, you know, you're battling aliens
in the United States and stuff like that. Um, so if you really want to check out that
and maybe you just want to buy the movie cause I hear the movie's decent, you know, um, that'd
be the way to go. So, uh, that's coming out June 14th and I actually probably will pick
that up cause, uh, watching, I mean, I have to pick it up and make it for free cause I'm
lucky like that. Um, and then, I love Volition and, uh, their Saints Row and Red Faction
games. I actually haven't played too much of Red Faction, but I really should. But Saints
Row, I mean, it, they're just very over the top with everything. I don't know if you guys
remember from Armageddon, um, or, uh, Armageddon, uh, Guerrilla last year they had a, uh, April
Fool's weapon that they released that actually became a real weapon that was an ostrich.
It was, uh, a melee weapon that you hit people with an ostrich and that was pretty awesome.
Um, well now they have, uh, the new weapon which is called Mr. Toots. It is a unicorn
with, it looks like, you know, My Little Pony or something like that, that you pull on its
tail and it shoots a rainbow out of its ass that makes people explode. Just awesome. That
was in a video that the guy who did the portal video did where he gets a portal gun and his
friends will care. Yeah, well, that was tying in with this, of course. Um, and, uh, Mr.
Toots, of course, is, um, isn't going to be available right away. It will be available
though if a million people download the demo that is available right now. So, after one
million downloads of the Red Faction Armageddon demo, Mr. Toots will be unleashed for all
to use. And that is awesome. You know what? I gotta say, with, uh, a unicorn that shoots
rainbows out of its ass, they're really gonna have to step up their game for, you know,
Postal 3. Cause I'm sorry, a chainsaw badger? I ain't cutting it anymore. Now a chainsaw
honey badger. They've gotta make a game based on honey badger at this point. It was already
angry, er, Naughty Bear. They could do pissed off honey badger. Sorry, they need to make
a good game based off of honey badger. Alright, uh... Naughty Bear was a terrible game, by
the way. Yeah, the iPhone one is pretty bad too. Okay, anyway, other tweets, er, I'm sorry,
not tweets yet. We're almost to tweets, but other rapid fire news. Uh, this game, apparently
it's a rhythm game. For those of you kids that like your rhythm based games, uh, there's
a new game coming out called Pulse Volume 1. Uh, this is a game for the iPad. And I
guess what this is, it's stationary rings that are in the center of the screen. Each
ring is larger than the last with the smallest set in the center. And then the number of
rings increase with each difficulty level. Now as a pulse ring grows outward from the
center, orbs follow along the stationary rings. And as the music plays, pulse rings appear
and reach the orbs to the beat of the song. Scoring is based on the accuracy of orbs hit
in correlation with the pulse reaching them. Hmm, this could be interesting. So here's
a little bit of the gameplay. You can kinda hear what some of the music sounds like. You
can see, it's kinda neat. Like, each pulse is kinda like one measure in the song and
you gotta tap all the little lines. It's kinda like, I don't know, elite beat agents meets
a map of the solar system. There you go. That's Pulse. Uh, some news from Harmonix. Uh, stories
about the, uh, Rock Band download content and where they're at, uh, after the post MTV
Games breakup. Uh, a quote from, uh, Chris Rigopoulos, who is the Vice President of Strategy
and Business Development. Uh, he was interviewed by Game Informer saying that, quote, they've
effectively severed all ties with MTV and all proceeds from Rock Band belong to Harmonix.
Now this is important because many people thought that, well, the reason why they were
getting such awesome download content to begin with was because of their partnership with
MTV Games. Now, he continues to say that it has been a collaborative effort between Harmonix
and MTV in the past. Uh, all the stuff you've seen this year so far, most of that was before
Harmonix was sold by Viacom. Now, the new tracks that'll be coming out soon, that's
gonna give you the first glimpse at some of the music that the company has secured without
MTV. And I think Jamie's gonna cover that in a minute. And it still sounds pretty good
stuff, but I love this. Uh, he doesn't expect that there's gonna be any drastic changes
to the music selection process, but, quote, I doubt you will see any more SpongeBob SquarePants
packs. Ouch. So I guess that was not something they wanted to do, but they did anyway. Well,
yeah, that makes sense, you know. Viacom, you know, I think it's Nintendo, or not Nintendo,
Nickelodeon, MTV, yeah. Uh, also, speaking of Rock Band, this is very important, there
will be no Rock Band 4 this year. Yeah, I'm not surprised. Uh, yeah, kind of file that
under duh. I mean, it took a couple years for Rock Band 3, uh, but they are not gonna
be doing a Rock Band 4 this year, and I'm kinda not surprised because, you know, Guitar
Heroes on hiatus, Rock Band 3 unfortunately didn't sell well, and it's, it's a bummer
because it's a great title. It's down to 10 bucks at Toys R Us now. It's, honestly, you're,
if you like music games in the slightest, you've gotta get Rock Band 3, it's awesome.
So take advantage of the $10 sale, I suppose, uh, and go check that out. Uh, probably this
year's at E3 you're gonna see more from Harmonix, like Dance Central 2 will probably be their
big title. Maybe something unannounced, who knows? Uh, maybe something to take on a different
type of music game. We'll see, you know, there's always been that rumor that they want to review
and revisit the amplitude frequency type of games. That could always be something they
show. Got a DJ game would be awesome. We'll see. So, but, uh, no Rock Band 4. Maybe next
year or the year after that when people are back into music games. I would say it's gonna
take until whenever the next series of systems comes out, but we'll see. Dark Sakura. There
is a PS3 bundle coming out for Black Ops in three weeks. Um, Call of Duty Black Ops will
have one that has 100, that, uh, excuse me. It's, let me start over. There is a PS3 bundle
with Black Ops arriving. It's Call of Duty Black Ops on PS3. It will have 160 gigabyte
hard drive and will be 300 bucks. And, uh, hopefully we will hear something from Activision
and Sony soon, but this is still just, uh, coming from retail. 100% true. Okay. Super
Meat Boy level editor is out. Yay. So you can go and, uh, download it. It's on Steam.
Make some levels, share them with everybody. And they better not suck. And in the... They'll
all be hard as hell. You know, cause people... Aren't all the levels hard as hell? In Super
Meat Boy, yeah. Well, there is a, of course, another Rock Band pack coming out, uh, this
month here in May. There will be tracks from, uh, the Foo Fighters album, uh, Wasting Light.
And then, uh, there will be pro guitar and bass upgrades to older Rock Band tracks. There
will also, um, be, uh, some Lady Gaga. Are you happy, Rob? Absolutely. Cause you know
I'll be singing that in the privacy of my own home. And Peter Frampton. I live with
someone now. Oh well, they can deal. It's Do You Feel Like We Do, which is from Frampton
Comes Alive, which my former stepfather had that album. I love that they have from Lady
Gaga to Peter fucking Frampton. Oh, and Ozzy. There will be Ozzy. You know what? I want
some damn Lita Ford. I want the Ozzy Lita Ford duet. Close My Eyes Forever. I love that
song. You know what I would like to see in Rock Band, especially now that they have piano?
Meat Loaf. Yes. Yes. We need the Rocky down like that. Well, they did have some Meat Loaf.
I thought, like, around Valentine's Day they had some Meat Loaf stuff. Oh my god, maybe
I missed it. I think there's, um... I'm checking the list of Rock Band downloads now. I know
that there's a couple of, uh... In fact, you were excited about one. I wanna say. This
is important information. I need to know what Meat Loaf songs are available. This will complete
Rob's life. It really will. Just do a search. Control F Meat Loaf. Or I could just alphabetize
the list and then scroll down to M. H I J K. I'm gonna say F. There's Megadeth, Megadeth,
More Megadeth, Screwed. Oh, one Meat Loaf song. One Meat Loaf song. Paradise by the
Dashboard Light. Cause you were giddy about that. That's not enough Meat Loaf. There's
always room for Meat Loaf. Meat Bat Out of Hell. Wouldn't it be great if we had the Rocky
Download Pack? I thought there was a Rocky song in Rock Band. No, it was in Guitar Hero.
There's, uh... I think there's songs in Guitar Hero, but I don't have Guitar Hero. We need
the whole thing for Rock Band. That would be great. That would be awesome. And we need
the trumpet. We need the saxophone controller next. Alright, any more news? No. Alright,
well if there is, I don't care. Alright, let's get to the Twitter topics then. Every week
we invite your tweets at twitter.com slash o-l-r because of course this is the show where
every gamer has a voice. Let's go to the first tweet tonight from uh... we already covered
that story. So we'll go to M. N. Zeba. Ooh, I remember reading about this too. M. N. Zeba
tweeted us saying, the Legend of Zelda Skyward Sword GDC 2011 trailer music played backwards
is very familiar. So apparently... It wasn't to me. A person who, you know, I'll let you
get into that. Alright, so here it is, played backwards. And this is backwards right now.
Now, that's a little tune from Ocarina, right? Is that why? Yes, I did. People were flipping
their shit about this? Yeah. Once again though, me not really giving a crap about Ocarina
of Time, that was totally lost to me. I was like... But it's this whole setup because
we have the Ocarina of Time re-release coming out first. Eh, big deal. Alright, well that
was a tweet from M. N. Zeba. Alright, Blue Swim tweet says, rumor has it that Namco Bandai
Games America has licensed Sailor Moon? And he tweets us to a site that he actually works
for. But I'm assuming he's going on good authority. Oh, I see. Sailor Moon World Italy apparently
is the source here. Some new companies have evolved, acquired licenses for Sailor Moon
and one of them is Namco Bandai Games America. Oh boy, I hope we get a Kinect Sailor Moon
game that we can do the transformation. Dark Sakura, would you play that? Maybe. I'm not
that acrobatic. You know you would. Alright, Silver Sonic tweets us to a story about, what
else, Sonic. Sonic Generations rumor coming to Nintendo 3DS. A portable version of Sonic
Generations coming to the 3DS. Apparently it's from a GameStop report that shows upcoming
skews and it's listed for the very end of the year, a placeholder end of 2011 date.
So there you go. So some folks are yelling at me in chat that I didn't go through the
whole video. Well what am I going to see if I go through the whole video? Alright, tell
me what I'm going to see and then I'll go back to the whole video. Alright, going to
DJ Rama S tweets us saying, IGN acquires UGO. No one, Ker. No one, Ker. Great, the corporate
collective grows bigger. Congrats. Now they own 1UP and IGN. Yep. Congrats. Yep. Alright,
let's see, Tiger Claw links us to a few stories here. Valve is starting to look at Steam Mobile.
Oh that would be kind of neat. Like a mobile based Steam store. I'm assuming that can't
really compete with the iPhone. I mean, excuse me, it would compete with the iPhone but it
can't be on the iPhone I suppose. Or maybe it could. I guess you could always do something
like that because if you sold it through the Apple store and then it could have the add-ons,
I don't know. But I don't know if that's what Valve would do. Anyway, Valve is saying that
they're looking at the possibility of bringing Steam to mobile devices. According to this
story, it's from Trademag MCV and I guess it's something that the Valve marketing vice
president Doug Lombardi says that the more requests that Valve receives for a mobile
version of the platform, the more likely it is to act. We'll see what happens with that.
At least you know you get some hella good sales on that. All right, let's see. Tiger
Claw 305 also links us to Smithsonian announces lineup for art of video games exhibit. Oh
that's kind of cool. That's right, the Smithsonian was supposed to be doing something with that.
So it's running from March 16th of next year through September 30th and yeah, that's pretty
awesome. So the Smithsonian, which is funny because remember that whole video games aren't
art debate that went on a couple years ago. Well now they're going to show video game
art in the Smithsonian. So I don't know. I think that kind of ends that argument. By
the way, there's a quote here that sells the exhibition quote. Video games use images,
actions, and player participation to tell stories and engage their audiences in the
same way as film, animation, and performance. They can be considered a compelling and influential
form of narrative arts. New technologies have allowed designers to create increasingly interactive
and sophisticated game environments while staying grounded in traditional game types.
The exhibition will feature 80 games through still images and video footage. There will
be five playable games in the exhibit. Pac-Man, Super Mario Brothers, The Secret of Monkey
Island, Myst, and World of Warcraft. There will also be video interviews with notable
game developers, large prints of screenshots, antique consoles, 3.7 million votes cast in
a poll over 175 countries. There's 80 games in the exhibit including Zelda, Donkey Kong,
Doom 2, but there are some missing. This article calls out Space Harrier and Beyond Good and
Evil. But you know what? When there's only 80 games, sadly some good ones are probably
going to be lost by the wayside. All right. A few more tweets for you guys here. JV Mon
tweets us about Thomas Howard. Remember Thomas Howard Lichtenstein, I think his name is,
of DDR fame. Remember that? Apparently, it's a song with Disco Warp. They were in DDR universe
and this is some type of indie band collaboration here. I guess they're all straight out of
Portland. So here's the song. Oh my gosh. There's too much noise in that song. There's
just too much noise. I'm just picturing a lot of 13 year olds at a rave now. So where's
Thomas Howard coming to that? I imagine he sings at some point, but I don't know if I
can get to that point. I'm not saying a song is bad, but I'm just saying it's a lot of
new. Maybe the middle is a little bit different. Oh, is it the wrong song? Oh, JV Mon said
I played the wrong song. My bad. Well, I clicked the link you sent me. All right, here we go.
Let's try this one instead. Is that like the anti-auto tune? Why? Why did they do that?
It's okay. Too many effects. You don't need it. That was better than the first song, but
yeah, it's just, uh, don't need all the effects on there, buddy. All right. Uh, let's see.
Last tweet here from Salacious Pop. Jack's beef jerky, ew, uh, is running promos for
Xbox live arcade and Hulu plus. I got three months gold for 1295 and a month of Hulu plus
for free. Any thoughts? Okay. First off Hulu plus is, it sucks because you're paying to
watch commercials and I don't like that at all. I mean, yes, they have a big archive
of shows, but you know, so does Netflix and I think there's plenty of stuff to watch on
there and the internet. Uh, also the other thing to keep in mind, the Hulu plus interface
on Xbox fucking blows because they've done that whole crossbar thing with Hulu plus and
it doesn't work. The crossbar thing does not work for everything and Hulu plus and Facebook
and Twitter and all this other stuff they try to integrate next, but that crossbar thing
does not work for it. Uh, so yeah, I guess you can set up a queue online to do Hulu plus
and that's kinda, I guess the way you're supposed to do it. But did you know that a lot of the
stuff you can watch on the web, you can't watch on your Xbox. It's not licensed for
playback on the Xbox. No more reason why Hulu plus is kind of dumb. Sorry. Um, or yes, or
you could set up your queue and then download diversity. Of course you have to buy diversity
I suppose, but you can download, I'm sure a streaming program and link it with that
and you can actually stream all that stuff through there. Uh, some comments in our chatroom
at chat.orns lounge radio.com. Uh, Black Wolf says you have to give your credit card
to get the free month. Oh, uh, break man says I like Hulu pluses TV selection, but the movie
selection sucks. Salacious pop clarifies the biggest draw to Hulu plus is that they let
you watch shows on demand that are still current from just last week, et cetera. You know how
else you can watch shows that are still current Torrance or, or most of them are on like cbs.com
has most of the CBS shows and NBC. Most of them are available that way, but like the
real, real stuff like HBO, like if you want to watch, I don't know what the tutors or
any of that showtime. We just got HBO actually because we have upgraded our Comcast, whatever,
because they're going to give us the same thing. Plus our phone for the same price we
had already, but they gave us, they give us a Gaga concert last night. Yeah, that's the
thing though. They gave us HBO, but it doesn't work because we were, we're like, okay, what
should we watch? Oh God concert. Okay, well we don't have anything else to watch. So we
clicked on that. This channel is not available like, but they were supposed to give it to
us for free for three months. So great. There's something else that's wrong with Comcast.
Hooray. But Hey, we have a DVR now. So that's in our chat room says, or you could watch
it on the TV. If you want to watch a current show, you could turn on your TV and watch
it. That's a good point. We caught up on the office lesson instead. I watched survivor
live every week. I don't have a DVR anymore. I don't record shows. So if I don't watch
it live, I'm either watching it on cbs.com or Netflix or Hulu.com the free version or
something. Torrance are great. Or if you want to get into this century with the piracy,
um, use net or, you know, the file share sites are way better and faster. By the way, I think
I should be on survivor because like, seriously, this season is driving me bonkers because
there's all these bimbos on that show that are totally being controlled right now. I
can't stand it. I'm just saying if I went on that show, I'd be the one in charge. Bitches
better watch it. That's right. Watch it. That's it for tweets, twitter.com slash O L R. Uh,
let's move on to some more news. Listless coming up in just a moment, but first a round
of stories. Yeah. Um, so Kami's planning this sort of party or I don't know. Um, they're
doing a pre E3 show on June 2nd, I guess a few days before E3 starts. The event will
be streamed online. They haven't said which sites yet. Um, and there's going to be, I
guess, um, like a sitting room where people can watch trailers for stuff and they're also
going to have like, uh, parties in LA, San Francisco, Toronto, um, Sao Paulo and Mexico
city and other cities. They haven't really finalized this list of cities yet. Um, and
apparently they're going to be inviting the press and stuff like that to these things.
Oh, I guess we need no fucking invite. And you know, I can, I can, I can understand that,
you know, uh, you know, what whole LA thinks that's, that's fucking far and they're not
going to pay for us to fly in there. But San Francisco, man, that's like, that's like an
hour or two away. And whatever, you know what, I don't give a shit about your fucking Yu-Gi-Oh
game that you have there. Um, so yeah. And then I think also on their Facebook and stuff,
they were doing this contest where like, be the ultimate Konami fan and tell us why you
are the ultimate Konami fan. You can win like an iPad or, you know, a trip to E3 or some
crap like that. So, uh, more on that I'm sure as we get closer to the states, cause obviously
they haven't really announced too much other than, Hey, we're going to be, uh, doing our
first annual pre-E3 show. So not really niche. Maybe we can make a drinking game out of that
too. That'd be fun. We could. I mean, obviously they're going to be showing what, um, the,
uh, Melger Solid, um, Rising Game, which still hasn't come out. So that, that's probably,
you know, one of the big things. Silent Hill Downpour. That'll be another big one. Um,
that's pretty much it. I mean, I guess, I guess they're bringing No More Heroes over
here. They're localizing that for the PS3. Um, so they'll show that. But we've got our
Dance Masters game. I mean, I don't know. I don't know if anyone caught some of my tweets
earlier this week. Uh, you know, I, Red Bull in the Morning does some weird things to my
brain, but I got this wonderful, weird idea of pitching a game to Konami, you know, like
fixing DDR, I guess, you know, making it, rebooting, rebooting, I guess. Um, that's
the hip thing to do in Hollywood these days, rebooting it. And I don't think it's that
far off. Obviously, it's gonna be a hell of a lot of work, and I need to, um, do that
right now. But first, you gotta get somebody's ear. Good luck with that. No, not actually,
because, um, you know, do the pitch first, then get the person's ear. Or copyright your
idea first, and then, that's how you do it. Do it the smart way. But, yeah, just because,
I mean, come on. I mean, I actually did the math, and this is great, and might as well
bring this up, since we're talking about it. And just to kind of show you real quick, um,
or demonstrate how, how the franchise has fallen. For example, I did the numbers. According
to the NPD reports, January 2011, this would be everything from 2010 and back, um, their
game series. Okay, so let's start with, um, on the Wii. Hottest Party sold 2 million units.
That's a little over 2 million units. The original Hottest Party in 2007. Original Hottest
Party. 08. Hottest Party 2. 1.5 million units. 2009. Hottest Party 3. 390,000 units. 2010.
Dance Dance Revolution. Remember their kind of reboot thing. 170,000 units. And then on
the Playstation 3, Dance Dance Revolution, 60,000. You know, combine, and compare that
to, you know, um, you know, oh, and Dance Master is only 47,000 units. Oh, wow. Compare
that to Just Dance 2, which came out October, which was about a month before, uh, Dance
Dance Revolution. 3.5 million units sold. That's more than all of, well, the first two,
uh, Hottest Party games combined. So, it's sad, because they could really be, they're
just not putting a lot of effort into it anymore. Uh, Brakeman in our chatroom asks, what the
F is Hottest Party? Is that one of those AO games? Now, that would be an awesome way to
reboot the series, don't you agree? Uh, DDR Dolla Bill in our chatroom says, I didn't
even know DDR kept getting releases until someone gave me the step mania files. Maybe
that's part of the problem. The community's been kind of, like, if you go to DDR Freak,
you'll see the tumbleweed rolling by. I mean, there's not nearly the community they're used
to, you know. But I don't think they really need necessarily the community for it. There's
not a big community for Just Dance. True. I mean, it's all about being current, and
I think what the problem's been is they've been trying to innovate with the series, and
they just don't know how. They don't really know which direction to take it in, so they're
taking it in all the directions at the same time. You know, they're like, oh, okay, we're
gonna innovate by adding 8 panel dance mode, or something like that. No, that's not what
you do. They're trying to shove square pegs into the round hole. Exactly. That's the problem.
And I think, I don't know. I have some good ideas. It's hard to describe them over the
radio because it's all in my head right now, and I've tried to, like, sit down and type
out what I'm thinking, but if I can get what's in my head on paper, it's gonna be awesome.
That's the problem. But I have some fresh ideas for it, so see if I don't get bored
of this whole idea and actually finish it and be able to pitch it. It would be awesome.
But yeah, once again, you know they're not gonna give a shit if they're not, you know,
if they're just, you know, they don't want to try, then that's fine. So folks in the
chat room are commenting that folks moved on to other websites, like Bamani style and
so forth, but those websites are not just about DDR, and usually DDR seems to not be
the focus at all. You know what I mean? So that's why DDR is continuing to plummet. Other
games might be doing okay. Like, DJ Max Portable got released in the US because of the following
it has here, but, you know, DDR is a different game. The thing is though, it's, you know,
Dance Dance Revolution was kind of like the innovator, you know, it brought, you know,
kind of people to the genre first, and then, you know, now they have these other games
out there, and they're doing really well. And that's not to say that Dance Dance Revolution
can't do very, you know, that well, even if it did half as well, it would still be way
better than what it is now. And so that's the thing is, all they have to do is figure
out how to capture that audience, and I think I know how to do that, just based off of what
they've done and what hasn't worked. And what has worked, and you just kind of combine all
the, they have all the pieces there, it's just, they're not doing it right. Well I want
to know, I hope you get your audience with Konami someday. Alright, let's move on. A
couple more stories for you guys, yeah, buy stock. I actually thought about buying stock
in Sony, just so I could sign a petition to shake up the management, but we'll see. Alright,
anyhow, quick, quick story about Quake and Wolfenstein. Yes, some old, old properties
that are, you know, very near and dear in a lot of First Person Shooter fans' hearts.
An interesting comment from senior producer Jason Kim when Shaq News spoke with id Software,
I call him ID Software, some people call him id, quote, our studio has grown a lot, not
just in size, but also in design and art process, and even a technology standpoint. John Carmack
has admitted that he can't do everything on his own. There are a lot of smart guys that
are required to be able to make a game these days. We have Quake, we have Wolfenstein.
If people want that, we have the IPs to deliver it, and we have a different approach now.
We're forging a new path. I think we can freshen those things up. We don't have anything in
the works right now, but I think when we start talking about different things we can do with
the other properties that we have, I hope people are receptive to what we want to do,
and what we think would be fun for players to experience coming out of id Software. Well,
I mean, there was a new Wolfenstein game not that long ago, and it wasn't very remarkable,
and then there was a, the Quake Arena on Xbox Live's pretty cool, but the Quake 4 was not
cool actually, it was not that great, because that was on Xbox 360, right? Yeah, it wasn't
very good. So, uh, yeah. We'll see. I mean, I'm all for going back to the drawing board
with new ideas, and those are two big properties. I used to love Quake back in the day. And
Quake 3 and Quake Arena are actually a lot of fun, so. Did you ever play Ascii Quake?
No, I never played Ascii Quake. But, I remember the old Quake CD. I always got to Quake. I
got to Doom. People have a lot of free time on their hands, what can I say? Alright, so,
speaking of a lot of free time on our hands, a little segment we like to do on this show
once in a while is a segment where we try to come up with the definitive list on a topic.
That's right, after we're done tonight, we are going to go through a list and find out
the exact top 3 scientifically proven answers to a topic. It's a process we call listless!
The way listless works, since we haven't played this in a little while. We're going to give
you a topic, and the topic tonight is thing PlayStation Network needs when it comes back
to make me care about it again. And then the 4 of us, yes we're going to get someone online
in just a moment, the 4 of us will go around the room and each give our top 3 answers as
to what should be on that list. That will leave us with a list of 12. Then, the hard
part, oh this is the hard part, but you know reality shows are all about voting things
off, so we each go around and take one thing off the list. That leaves us with a list of
8 that you the chatters get to vote on, and you vote for your top 3 and that's it, that's
the list. That's the answers right there. Tonight's topic, thing PlayStation Network
needs when it comes back to make me care about it again. You can give your answers in our
chatroom at chat.orangelaunchradio.com, I can't guarantee we'll use them, but when one
of our hosts is struggling to find an answer or if something gets duplicated, we'll usually
turn to the chatroom. Alright, let's bring in our 4th person here, I'm going to go ahead
and give them a call. Let me dip the Skype line down here, or I'm sorry, let me dip the
music down here for just a minute so we can call on the Skype line. I've got somebody
set up here. Hello. Hi, is this Tiara? Yes, it is. It's the one and only Tiara aka Marin
Marvel joining us tonight. You might have heard the commercial for pop culture parlay
in between the segments tonight if you were listening live. Tell us real quick about,
pimp your projects, Marin Marvel, before you play with us tonight. Well, as you know, I
steal Jamie about once a week and we do Comic Insanity, which is a comics and kind of like
a geek culture podcast where we talk about fun stuff. And then there's Pop Culture Parlay,
which is just kind of a little bit of craziness where Weasel aka Jonathan Long, who works
for EA, and myself kind of talk about different pop culture stuff. We've done like Star Wars
versus Star Trek. We've talked about the best Batman. We've talked about all sorts of random
stuff. So it's just really, really fun. Really, really good time and that's on geek-life.com.
Awesome. Well, best of luck with all those projects. You know I like to sometimes poke
fun at the stuff you and Dark Sakura do at the Giggling Girls show, but you guys do very
hard work. So best of luck. All right. You ready to play listless with us tonight? I
sure am. Yay. Then I can play music again. All right. Of course, the topic tonight,
Thing PlayStation Network could do to get me to come back once it, or I'm sorry, wait,
what was the exact thing I wrote here? Thing PlayStation Network needs when it comes back
to make me care again, because you know, it's been 18 days. Most of us now are used to a
life without PlayStation Network. So what is it that they can do to make me give a care
when they come back? They've been talking about this welcome back program. Let's see,
we're going to go around the room and get the top three. We will start with, we'll let
the ladies go first. Dark Sakura, we'll start with you. What is your number three answer
on the list? Thing they could do to get you to come back? Mind control via nanobots. Mind
control via nanobots. How would that work with a PlayStation? By the way, your answers
can be as serious or as silly as you want. That's part of the fun. Because I have a first
model PS3, so clearly it has the hardware inside of it to create nanobots based off
of data sent in through the PSN once it comes back up. And what would be the first thing
you'd mind control? No, it would mind control me to care. Oh, okay, I see, I see. Yeah,
it would mind control me to care. Okay, there you go. Alright, Mar and Marvel, we'll go
to you. What's your number three answer? Thing that PlayStation could do to get you to care?
Well, since there's all this talk about how, you know, our data has been like stolen, maybe
they could give us like a year of free credit reporting so that we can keep an eye on our
credit and like make sure that those people that are stealing our information aren't like
buying things from Nigerians and stuff. To be fair, they sort of did, but I think you're
talking about something a little more intense than what this whole Debex thing is about.
Debex is credit monitoring, but not credit reporting. So there is a difference. All right.
All right. Just want to clarify the difference for our listeners because you know how internet
people will be. They'll say, dear orange lounge radio, your guest was uninformed. All right.
Anyhow, let's move on. My number three answer thing that PlayStation Network could do. How
about a PlayStation two emulator download for my collection? Yeah, they've been rumored
to work on one of those for years. I'd like to see that come out. So PlayStation two emulator,
I don't care how they have to get it to work. Just get it to work. If you want me to care.
All right. That's my number three answer. Loki, what is your number three answer? Uh,
here's the problem is I don't really care. Um, but so I'll just try to pick popular answers
instead. This one will go for Rob, uh, upping the cap of members allowed in the PlayStation
home clubs. I like say a billion. That would be perfect. That is a practical answer. I
love that. Cause right now in the orange lounge radio club, I'm allowed to have 25 people
when I have people that's not a club. I don't want to sound cocky. We have a little more
than 25 people that listen to this program that have a PlayStation three. So I would
really like to be able to invite more people because unfortunately we've got a list of
about, I'm, I've shit you not more than 25 waiting like invites. I can't do anything
with them because I'm limited. Of course, I don't know what we would do in the PlayStation
home club. I just want to have a big club. Let's go to dark Sakura place or excuse me,
your number two answer for the listing PlayStation network could do to get you to care, morph
the system into a dream cast to has been left in the other room. So it would just instantly
transform wah, wah, wah, wah, wah. And it's a dream cast to outstanding with a big Sega
logo flipping off PlayStation via a firmware update. All right, Martin Marvel, your number
two answer. I would like a new attachment for the PS three that serves frozen yogurt.
It doesn't have to be Pinkberry. You know, I'm not, I'm not a snob here. You're not asking
for the world. Just frozen yogurt. All right. I like that. A new attachment that will serve
frozen yogurt. I like that answer. All right. Uh, let's see my number two answer for thing
that they could do, uh, to get me to care about PlayStation network. Uh, guardian legend
two released as a PlayStation network exclusive. Of course, the greatest, most underrated eight
bit game of all time. Guardian legend two would have to come out as a PSN exclusive.
That would get me to care and it better be better than that blaster master remake they
had on week is that was not the quality of my need. That was weak. I see what you did
there. Good one. Loki, your number two answer. Uh, once again, like reiterate, I really don't
care. Um, I guess since it would make a lot of people happy and probably end a lot of
their problems, just bring back the, uh, Linux support or other OS, I guess, you know, here's
a thought, Sony, you could, you know, you could patch that so that, you know, maybe
it doesn't allow you access to everything. Why is that? See, I never understood that.
Let's just get rid of the whole Linux support instead of, I don't know, patching it so that
it doesn't allow people to hack us. You know, I can't, I can't for the life of me believe
that amongst all this talk of frozen yogurt and mind control, Loki is the voice of reason
tonight here on orange lounge radio. Am I in bizarro world? What is going on? Anything
from them. What do I want? It's like a blow job. That's what you want. No, I Sony blow
job. Really? I mean, that would be unsatisfying. I could tell you that much. All right, here's
the list as it is so far. We disabled the good feature, you know, we disabled the humming
feature mind control via nano bots. We disabled the feature that will swallow. All right now,
mind control via nano bots. Give us a year of free credit reporting, PlayStation two
emulator downloading, upping the cap of members allowed in home clubs, morph the system into
a dreamcast to walla walla walla new attachment that serves frozen yogurt, guardian legend
to PlayStation network exclusive and bring back the other OS feature. All right, let's
go around and get the number one answers from the folks here in studio, dark soccer, number
one thing that could bring you back a year of pink berry, a year of pink berry with this,
with this actually come out of the PlayStation three, like Mara Marvel suggested, or would
this be just a coupon redeemable at your local store? It would be like a card that's got
like 365 charges on it for pink berry. I speak because I like going to pink berry and listening
to the music. All right, Mara and Marvel, your number three answer. How about some free download content, like for people who, for like, you know, co-op games and games that you play online.
So since people have missed all that kind of stuff during this whole debacle, they can
get some free download content and make up for not shooting things. I'm sorry. And of
course, that's the number one answer. I just shortened that to free download content of
good games. Yes. As opposed to like, you know, undertow. All right. Free download or, or,
uh, Yaris. Okay. Free download content of good games. All right. My number one answer
to the question thing placed it, by the way, I have to read this comment from salacious
pop. A Sony blow job is $30 more expensive from a similar competent brand. And the no
toothy head feature has to be ordered from a neighboring store and costs even more. All
right. My number one answer for thing PlayStation network needs when it comes back to make me
care about it again. Drum roll, please. Gay pornography, which is even more fun than funny
than straight pornography. All right. That was my number one answer. Gay pornography
would get me to care selling, selling gay porn on the end. Yeah. Okay. So that all you
like, you know, straight guys at home, they're going fine. Lesbian porn galore. Just les
bows are us is what the PlayStation store renames itself to enjoy. All right. Loki,
your number one answer for the thing placed in network could do to get you back. Um, give
a fuck about it. Um, you know, this is, those even have to be free and it's not even necessarily
something that they give to me, but it'd be kind of cool if they put out a new AIBO, I
guess. I mean, I don't know. I really Loki. Why not? I mean, okay, everybody point and
laugh at Loki. I don't know. I just like, I, I don't care that their networks now cause
they never used it. The thing you want most of the world. Loki is a new AIBO. Not really.
I actually, I would like, no, scratch that. Let's screw. Screw the AIBO thing. All right.
All right. Okay. Thing I would like most from Sony thing from Sony. They have really no
power to do this, but I would like the clerks animated series back on air. So, you know,
maybe they could, you know, make that happen. That would be awesome. All right. So get the
clerks animated series back on air. All right. Much better answer. All right. So let's recap
the list. Here comes the hard part. You guys, we got to take one off the list. I'm sorry.
It's just the way it works. It's a, it's a, it's tough love folks. It's tough love. Here's
the list is a stand so far. Mind control via nanobots. Give us a year of free credit reporting
PlayStation two emulator, downloading upping the cap of members allowed in home clubs morph
the system into a dreamcast to walla walla walla walla new attachment that serves frozen
yogurt guardian legend to PSN exclusive. Bring back the other OS feature. Did I cut out for
a minute? Sorry. Bring back the other OS feature. A year of pink Berry, free download content
of good games, gay pornography and clerks animated series back on air. These are all
things that could actually happen. I like how SSJ 100 Matt says won't happen. Disney
has the rights to it. Who said this is realistic at all? SSJ 100 Matt. This is what we want.
They have to, I don't, I don't give a shit that Disney own it owns it. Make it happen.
By the way, let's read some of the comments from chat here. Uh, let's see what were some
of the stuff. Uh, break man says, cause her eye kills a puppy. Anytime someone mentions
free games on his network. That's not an answer. We wouldn't want to kill puppies. That's not
going to get us do anything. Uh, bonds 006 agrees. Make PS3 backward compatible. Uh,
SSJ 100 Matt make president cap playable for the move. Uh, dark Tetsuya says make PlayStation
network out of bacon. Uh, lots of good answers there in chat, but unfortunately we've got
to go through the list and figure out what is not worthy of the list. So dark Sakura,
which of these items is not worthy of the list? It's going to be tough. Um, bring back
the other OS cause I don't give a shit. All right. She's striking what is probably the
most logical answer on the entire list. Bring back the other OS feature. It has been stricken
from the list. All right. Uh, Marin Marvel, hopefully you have the list in your mind.
You know what you want to take off. Which one of these is not worthy of the list? Well,
personally I don't want my brain controlled by nanobots, so I'm going to have to go with
that one. All right. So mind control via nanobots. It has been stricken from the list. Uh, the
answer I'm going to have to remove from the list. I'm so sorry, but when you have pink
berry and frozen yogurt on the same list, pink berry wins. So I have to eliminate the
new attachment that serves frozen yogurt. Attachment that serves frozen yogurt could
serve pink berry. I'm just saying the PS three is too hot. It's a George Foreman grill, so
it has been removed from the list. Sorry. All right, low key. Which one of these is
not worthy of the list? A lot. Um, no offense. Uh, I'm going to have to say, uh, so wrong
but uh, yeah, I'm going to have to say free download content of good games. It's just,
come on. That's a cheap way out. Free download card. Here's a dollar. Screw that. All right.
So here is the list as it is right now. Give us a year of free credit reporting. PlayStation
two emulators down that one. Oh, well being the cap of members allowed in home clubs morph
the system into a dreamcast to wall, wall, wall, wall, wall, wall, wall. Guardian legend
to PlayStation network exclusive a year of pink berry, gay pornography and clerks animated
series back on air. How did gay pornography survive? Well, I don't know, but it's your
turn to vote. There's the list in the chat room. Send a private message to sky with your
vote with your number one and number two most wanted answer. Please label your one and two
choices as one is worth more. So there you go. Send a private message. We'll tally them
all up and we'll let you know the winners right after the mailbag loot Mara Marvel though.
As for now, we are going to go ahead and say goodbye, but thank you so much for playing
with us tonight. No problem. I'm sorry. Half your list got eliminated, but that's what
happens sometimes. Yeah, that's all right. You still did a great job and best of luck
of course, with your other projects. Thank you very much. All right, take care. Bye guys.
All right. Thank you. Of course to tear. She's filling in very last minute too. Cause I put
this on Twitter like 30 minutes before. So there you go. What's with the slacking? Huh?
Cause it's cause someone didn't have their show. Roll stories up till about 15 minutes
before that. No, someone texted you hours ago and said blah, blah, blah, blah. All right.
Let's move on. We have a few more stories for you guys and we're going to get to the
mailbag Loki. Ah, fun stuff. Um, so rumors, I got to get into more rumors. Of course,
you know, everybody's Jones in the sea. What the hell exactly is going to be a part of
the new Wii system? And uh, there's a lot of speculation out there, a lot of unnamed
sources and whatnot. So take this with a big grain of salt. But, um, apparently here's
some of the rumors. Uh, they're saying that it's only going to have eight gigabytes of
storage on board. Kind of think of it like the flash based storage that they had already.
Um, they're saying it's going to be augmented though by SD card support. So kind of think
of like the Wii was just a little bit bigger than eight gigabytes. You don't compare that
to like say the Microsoft, um, you know, Xbox, the new system. Um, you know, that has four
gigabytes built into some of them. So that's not too bad. Um, they're saying that the storage
space is going to be on the actual disks. It's going to be using, um, some 25 gigabyte
disks are saying maybe like a single layer blu-ray disc. Um, although they're not really
saying what type of disk format they're using. Also that, uh, the 10 ADP output is not necessarily
a definite. It might be, you know, lower than that, seven 20 or something. Um, honestly
though, if they're going to be pushing visuals that are better than Sony and Microsoft, they
really do need to do 10 ADP I think at the very least. Although they're saying that it
might be 10 ADI. So I, I, come on, don't skimp on this shit. That's all I got to say. But
of course we're not going to really know until the dam system comes out. So let's let the
wait. All right. You just have to wait and see and wait one more month. Exactly. And
then, um, I don't know. I'll be interesting. I have a feeling when I think of Nintendo
announcing the system at during their press conference, all the only word that comes to
my mind is disappointment. So I'm expecting disappointment. All right. Well there is some
good news I guess to talk about. It does have to do with world of Warcraft, but this is
good news. They have a released in the world of Warcraft store. They're little, I know
you all love this word, but microtransaction store they've got going on, uh, between now
and July 31st, if you buy their latest in game pet, which is the Sonarian hatchling,
I believe cute. I believe it's based off an old, old Mount that was available at one time,
but now it's a little pet. And if you buy this Mount or I'm sorry, excuse me, this pet
for $10, 100% of that $10 will be donated to the red crosses, Japan earthquake and Pacific
tsunami relief effort. Uh, there was a big call for blizzard to do something like this
because obviously, you know, they've sold mounts and things like that strictly for profit
before.
They've also done sales where half the profits go to something. And I believe they recently
said, uh, they sold the Moon King Moonkin hatchling patent not that long ago and they
gave half the proceeds to make a wish foundation. And I believe it raised $800,000. So imagine
what a hundred percent of the proceeds you're going to raise for this very needed cause.
I mean, even, even now, I mean, I realize you're not seeing it every day in the news,
but that doesn't mean it was cleaned up overnight and everybody is suddenly, you know, all better.
That's not how this works. So, uh, I'm glad there's continuing to do things for, uh, Japanese
tsunami relief. That's great. And just the power of it's nice to see good news about
games and plus just the power of a beast like world of Warcraft, you know, so very cool.
All right, let's go to the mailbag. Every week you guys send us emails, mailbag out
orange lounge radio.com and dark soccer likes to dive into the mailbag. Get your letters
out and read them right here in the segment. The OLR mailbag. Um, just for the record,
I'm not reading anything related to PlayStation at work. Uh, making that disclaimer ahead
of time. Hey guys, it's blade three. I just wanted to say thanks for everything again.
And if you could reprimands, I guess reprimand or completely extricated video game or company
EG or Ubisoft and why you would do that. Okay. Wait, which company would we rep reprimand
out of them? And if you could, I'm not getting the context on here. What are we reprimanding
them for? You've been very naughty. I have no idea. We do that all the time anyway. Thanks
again guys. Keep up the fantastic work and Loki rock piece guys. This message brought
to you by make employees I work with make rocks look like Einstein. Uh, we would reprimand
them all when they deserve it. That's, that's how these things work. Hey, OLR or OLF orange
lounge video. Long time no type. I wanted to show you a picture of a Navajo taco. There's
sometimes called Indian tacos. Is there a picture? Oh, this was a, this is a follow
up to the email from last week. This image has been removed for security reasons. Owned
owned by the security filter taco. Hold on, hold on. There's an easy solution to this.
Watch. I'm going to go to google.com and I'm going to click on images and then I'm going
to type na va ho taco. I'm going to hit enter and there it is. It's like a, Oh, this is
like a Mexican pizza type of thing. But let me re finish reading this. Then you think
of that taco bell entree, which is not the same. Okay, I get it. Fortunately, I couldn't
find any pictures of a Navajo taco that I've made in the past, so I had to settle for one
off google search. I am Navajo myself, so I make these quite often. Navajo tacos are
similar to a normal taco with a few of exceptions. One, you use fry bread, sometimes called fried
bread in place of the taco shell. It's not a Navajo taco without our, without fry bread.
Two, beans are added, usually refried beans. They're really good and much bigger than a
normal taco. Sometimes you can fold them, eat them like an actual taco. Some people
use a fork and knife if they're too big. I usually eat them like a pizza. Oh Rob, your
comparison was astute. When I introduce someone to a Navajo taco, they fall in love. If you
want to try one of these, I suggest checking out the next powwow that might be in your
area. You know what, now that you've mentioned it, I have had one before. I had one, um,
in Alabama at the Creek Indian Powwow, but that's not what they were called. Okay. But
you can find people making these tacos there most of the time. Don't get them from any
carnival or fairs. They're not usually the best tasting there. That's all I wanted to
share. I'll let you guys get back to gaming. Happy eating AJ twist of unfocused podcast.
Well thank you for the email. And that Navajo taco did look yummy. I really, really freaking
want a taco, Rob. Alright. Okay. Uh, oh yeah, we already covered the, uh, well this comes
from Rababa, but it's about the, uh, Smithsonian exhibit and I'm just going to skip the, uh,
winners list and go right into the bulk of the email. I disagree with some of the choices
which are moot points. The one I think is obviously a wrong pick is Pac-Man for the
Atari 2600. I hope they critique about the lack of advanced techniques for graphics in
the overly short development cycle for that game. Seriously, I hope that they show the
progression of detail shifting from highly stylized artwork like on adventure or haunted
house to in game art. I always kind of wish that they would make, that they'd make a new
space invaders with the yeti like aliens throwing lightning bolts from the side of the arcade
cabinet. I also hope they show the graphic art design on different publishers game boxes.
I will definitely go see the exhibit. Pictures. Um, don't care. Sony's getting sued. Of course.
Like I said, I'm not reading anything about the, um, PlayStation. Ho and Spazinator sends
a follow up email. That's the one that, okay. The one on Monday he said not to read. Disregard
it. Okay. I just had everything pulled up. Okay. Um, more about PlayStation. Sorry Rababa.
Last email to Sky Dark Sakura and Loki. Have you ever bought a game just for the sake of
having it? I mean, yeah, you bought the game to play it, but you bought it more for the
fact of having it for your collection than to actually play it. Thanks. Peace out Ranma.
Good question. I have all the time. I got Dan, the Gunstar heroes on a Game Gear. I
don't think he's opened it yet. I bought Metal Gear Solid four because I got it for a really
good deal. I got it for 20 bucks when most places were still selling it for 50 at a radio
shack that was, uh, on clearance with all their games in Hawaii nonetheless. And I've
not played it to this day. I got a forgotten realms D and D game because it came with a
game with a gaming module. It was a big PC one. At the first, um, loud. I bought collector's
editions of burning crusade and wrath of the Lich King. Granted the burning crusade one
was all autographed, but I gave it to someone for a Christmas present. And then I kept the
wrath of Lich King one, which I actually still haven't even used because I already had it.
So I just bought it for the, I actually do have my final fantasy 11 beta discs still.
Nice. Yeah. Loki, anything you've ever bought just to have for your collection? Like, I
don't know, a Japanese three years and not play it. Yeah. Um, well I bought like three
copies of, uh, earth defense force, but there were cheap. Um, I've played this about once
or twice. President cat. Nice. I want to borrow it. Sure. If we can get it to work on my system.
Can't without a mod ship. Well, then she's going to have to borrow the, we do can't wife
is playing animal crossing. Don't. All right. Uh, is that it for emails? That's it. Mailbag
at orange lounge, radio.com. Now I know you're all dying to know the results of tonight's
list lists, so let's get to the results. We have the definitive list. You guys, these
are, this is it. These are the three things we want. Actually it's for tonight cause there
was a tie, but these are the things that we demand for us to care about. PlayStation network
when it comes back up online. Number three, a PlayStation two emulator download. That's
the number three. Number two, it's a tie. The number two thing you most want that will
bring you back to PlayStation network. The clerks animated series back on the air and
gay pornography. Yay porn. And the number one thing that could get you to come back
and give a shit about PlayStation is if it were to morph into a dreamcast too. Yay. There
it is. The definitive list. Dream cats again. Number thing, PS two emulator. Number two,
clerks and gay porn tie. And number, that's the only time you'll ever hear me say that.
And number one, morphing the system into a dreamcast too. That's it. No arguing. We're
done. Just something troubling went into my head. What? Clerk says a gay porn. Not funny.
Black Wolf says I voted for lesbian porn. What's it? It's lady gay. Same diff. Gay with
boobs. That's right. I'm moving on. These are all formalities. Uh, we're going to get
to the ranty part of the show. It's the part of the show we call the F use of the week.
Rawr. Dark Sakura. Um, F you to me not having any tacos right now. I really want fish tacos
from Carolina's, but I don't want to drive out and get them. I got you that last week.
I know. I want, I really taco and finals freaking finals and four hour rendering and Maya bite
my butt. Loki. Um, my head hurts. Guess if you have that, I guess the show makes your
head hurt. Yes. Uh, my F you goes to myself for staying up until four 30 in the morning
yesterday. I was driving home from the Bay area very late. That was kind of dumb, but
I slept until noon today and that part was awesome. There we go. That's the F use of
the week. Just a couple more stories for you guys. And then the Skype line, we're going
to open it up at one eight seven seven game O L R or a username on Skype. Orange lounge
radio will be open just after a couple more stories. Loki. Um, one of the things Nintendo,
I guess was bad about for this generation of games was launching really big titles around
when third parties are launching. They're really big titles, thus stealing away sales
from these other third parties that they're working with. Um, apparently, you know, they
were kind of stepping on their toes. So what they're doing now, at least they're promising
to do is, um, that the three ds versions of super Mario and Mario cart, uh, they said
they want other companies to be successful in order to accomplish this goal. They're
going to dedicate or decide on dates after they know what the release plans of other
companies are so that they can be considerate to them and so that they can all maximize
their sales, uh, for the short term. So that's kind of cool at least. How considerate. Yes.
Um, well, I guess that's one way to help, you know, get third parties on board for your
new system and it would not fucking them over like that. That'd be awesome. Awesome. All
right, well, uh, one more story for you guys and it has to do with the useless peripheral.
Yay. This is a peripheral by CTA digital and it's going to cost you $13. Guess what it
is? It's a steering wheel for connect. You know, that's not as bad as the, the inflatable
boat. That w that thing was fucking awesome. But uh, here it is. This is the coolest thing
about it. It's translucent. It's a see through steering wheel because I guess with the connect,
you don't want the connect to see the steering wheel. It's only going to see your hand. Okay.
Who drives the steering wheel up at their face? I mean, are you, I'm not going to mention
anything because that's just only going to be racist if I do anything like that. I drive,
I just drive with one hand on the steering wheel usually, but connect doesn't recognize
that. I have to drive like a regular person like 10 and do you have to drive like you're
a bad actor. Exactly. So there you go. Uh, make sure you preorder that right away. Hey,
guess what folks, if you want to be able to do such things as drive without, you know,
with a steering wheel peripheral, you know what you can do? You can get anything to act
like a steering wheel, just a stick, a plate, you know, an actual steering wheel, a car,
a kitten, you know, a taco. I mean, why do you need to buy? Oh my God. Dark soccer. They
need to power video games with tacos. They need to power me with tacos. One eight seven
seven game. O L R or our username on Skype is orange lounge radio. By the way, black
wolf wants to clarify in the chat room. I tried playing joy ride using the Mario cart.
We wheel and it didn't work, so that's why it's translucent. I see. Well, we'll trick
those infrared beams after all. All right, the calls are coming in already. Hi, you're
on orange launch radio. Who's this? Hey, it's your local plug for Ronda. Of course. Of course
you get in the Skype line first too. It's like you have a gift. All right, what's on
your mind, buddy? Before I begin, I just got one thing to say, Rob. Yes. A blender, really
a blender. What's wrong with the blender? This just proves to me that you have been
listening to the show. I will confirm or deny nothing. Okay. I'm going to make this quick
and so, and move it along. Okay. Yes. All right. First thing in response about Nintendo's
next gen controller, I would be just happy if they just took the original super NES controller,
put two analog sticks on there and a little touch screen and I'll be happy. Okay. Touch
screen. I don't really see the point of that, but if you need a super Nintendo controller,
two analog sticks, that'd be called the classic controller. That's all we need, but I can
understand. I'd be happy with the super Nintendo controller with a fleshlight attachment. That's
what I'd be happy with. Oh God. Nintendo's going to deliver an experience like never
before. This is only adults only. Fuck you kids. We don't need you anymore. You said
we were hard corn off. Well, fuck you. No, seriously. Fuck you. I'm waving the flag over
here. It's the Nintendo fuck you coming up this Christmas. That's a pretty catchy name.
Where were we? I'm sorry. See low green to sing the theme song. Oh God. Ah, yes. Oh,
hold on. I'm sorry for the dead air here, but I'm setting something up here. Hold on.
Here we go. Oh no. All right. Let's see here. If I can, uh, Oh God damn it. I can't. Okay.
Here we go. Ah, nevermind. The joke's derailed now. All right. What do you want? Oh, there
we go. Coming this Christmas from Nintendo, the company that brought you such hardcore
games as the legend of Zelda. It's the Nintendo fuck you. What were you talking about? Touch
screens. But on retrospect of that, I said the next gen console should be called the
Nintendo. Simple as that. Oh God. It's going to be some really retarded, like Nintendo
HD or like, I mean, cause seriously the, the DS, the 3DS. I, um, I would, I, if they're
going with this whole Facebook route, I would say it's going to be called Nintendo.com will
be the name of this. Here's how it will be. The Nintendo HD. So HD, lowercase I, lowercase
I. What? Get it? It's like the Wii. Nintendo HD. Oh, D. Oh, HD. Boy. Oh boy. What do they
need to put in a Nintendo console to make you a really excited around my, or are you
just excited on principle? I want more 2D Mario brothers cause I'm sick of the 3D Mario
games. I'm sorry. I thought Mario 64 was great. And then I got tired of it. You mean to tell
me I'm sitting here going through the level eight times to get these stars. That's it.
I'm done. Nope. No more of that. Yeah. Well, what about all those people that are like
Mario 64 is the best game ever made. I'm going to plead the fifth amendment on that one.
Oh, that means, uh, I should play the Cielo song again. All right. Yes. All right. Well,
any other thoughts for listeners tonight? Oh yeah. I did find out something that before
Activision canceled the entire Guitar Hero franchise, they were actually working on one
more game. Well now it could come back someday. They've left the door open a crack. They haven't
shut the door on it completely. Yes. It's called Guitar Hero Grateful Dead edition.
It comes with five songs, 20 minutes each and the collector's edition comes with a one
pound bag of weed. I was going to say there's the punchline has to be like a pound of coke
or a pound of weed. No Motley Crue version comes with a one pound bag of crack. And a
straw. Now that's living the rock star experience. All right. On that note, Rama, we'll let you
go. Bye. Take care. One eight seven seven game OLR or username on Skype is orange launch
radio, but there's already calls coming in. Hi, you're on orange launch radio. Who's this?
Good evening, OLR. This is blue swim. Hey, blue swim. What's on your mind, buddy? I was
wondering if you guys heard about the latest on Techno Kitten Adventure. Is it is it interesting?
I mean, well, I don't want to sound rude, but like, you know, we tried to get all the
details a couple of months ago and weren't very successful. It was kind of like trying
to I don't know. All right. Well, what's the latest on Techno Kitten Adventure? Actually,
it is going mobile. Oh, OK. Yeah, I seem to remember something about the whole thing where
they were going to. Yeah, I remember him saying he was trying to strike deals with people
like Android and iPhone and all that stuff. So it's going mobile, huh? Yeah. Looks to
be iPhone, iPad, iPod touch and Windows seven phone with Android to follow. And it looks
like it's going to come out on June seventh. Wow. Ninety nine cents. Didn't say anything
about price, but it's going to have new levels, new music, new features, and the Xbox version
is going to get it as well. Oh, interesting. So they're going to upgrade the existing one
or there's going to be an all new one. From what I'm seeing, it looks like it will be
upgrading the original on the Xbox Live indie games. Nice, because I already bought that
one, so that would be cool. By the way, if you've never played Techno Kitten Adventure,
it's a disgustingly simple game. You play a kitten that's flying through the air to
techno music and you just don't want to hit a wall or you'll hear a little meow. Actually,
I should fire up a clip. It's been a couple months, right? We're all ready to hear the
song again, right? Hell yeah. Let me fire up YouTube here. Now, where did you read about
this? On his official website, do you subscribe to the dude's blog? Actually, I saw it on
his Twitter on the official Techno Kitten Adventure Twitter feed. I think it's I can
has kitten or something like that. All right. And it's linking to an article on no gamer
left behind. All right. Well, here you go. If you have never played Techno Kitten Adventure
before, then you're missing out on this. I just blew some. I just couldn't believe that
guy made this game because that guy, when we interviewed him, sound like he'd been playing
a lot of Grateful Dead, Guitar Hero, if you know what I mean. Yeah. I mean, have you seen
the news, a new screenshot? I haven't. I love you. No, I haven't seen a new screenshot.
Where are they? I retweeted it on my Twitter feed. Twitter, twitter.com slash blue swim.
B plug. Cheap plug. Yes, I know. I'm a graduate of the Mick Foley School of Cheap Pops. Yes.
I don't see it yet. It hasn't popped up yet. Hold on. I'm waiting. Wait, just now you did
or? Oh, no, I see. I see. Oh, there it is. A few days ago. Okay. New screenshots. Oh,
now there's pink dolphins and more rainbows. Quadruple rainbow. What does it mean? Also,
there is a little blimp in the screen and I thought at first it said fart on the blimp,
but it actually says party. It's just a little marquee that's scrolling and it looked like
it said fart, but I'd laugh if there was a blimp that randomly flew across the screen
and said fart. It looks like the visuals are better. Oh, sure. I'm sure they've had chance
to touch it up, but it's not as cool as, uh, what was it? That one kitten that flies around
the rainbow and has annoying song with it. Same game. No, I don't know. Oh, the unicorn
adventure. No, no, the maim. Oh, I don't remember. All right. The one that's like, yeah, I forget
the song. It was one that was super important. The portal lines. All right. Well, blue swim,
do you have any other things you want to share with us tonight? Um, I think that's about
it. All right. Well, um, enjoy techno kitten adventure and uh, you know, don't do drugs.
Hey, I don't. I haven't done them for 24 years and I'm looking to keep that streak going.
All right. Good. All right. Take care. You too. Good night guys. I know he probably doesn't
do drugs, but I'm just, I'm just saying. All right. Uh, Oh, they're saying that they should
make a, uh, a game out of Nyan cat. Is that the, what you were thinking of earlier? Nyan
cat. All right. Nyan cat. That's what it is. All right. One eight seven seven game. O L
R or a username on Skype is orange lounge radio. And if you're like one of the two people
on the internet who hasn't seen it, here it is just for Loki. I have seen it, but that's
what I'm saying. That's much cooler than techno kitten adventure. Like, can you imagine a
game based off that one April fools? I just want to do the whole show with this in the
background. It's pretty awesome. Admit it. You're singing along now. Hey, Thomas Howard,
singing over that. Let's go to the phones. Hi, you're on a orange launch radio. Who's
this? Yeah, it's like, Hey, what's on your mind, buddy? Uh, nothing much. Just like trying
to like get all my chilling and relaxing before work tomorrow. But more importantly, trying
to see if I could compare two, two parallels for you, you know, in terms of what I've heard
last night and what I'm seeing, you know, what I've seen this weekend, case in point,
Konami basically stagnating on DDR and Activision whoring out Call of Duty and Guitar Hero and
basically any franchises that touch it. And to that point, it's like, the way I see it
is that the only way Konami could really dig that franchise out of the, out of the grave
more or less is that they have, they have to move beyond the four arrows. I know some
people are just going to be, they're basically going to eat me alive for what I'm saying.
But if you look at the way harmonics managed to take advantage of connect and run with
it, it's pretty apparent that physical, physical controls are no longer, they no longer apply.
As long as the camera is able to do all the work for you. You agree? Um, so you think
that the cameras should just do everything and that there's no need for a dance pad anymore?
Well, it's not even that. It's just like the, they need more modern controls. Like if you're
still, if you're still relying on, you know, on a panel with four sensors to actually register
input, then, then you're still stuck in the past when people have arms and legs that you
should be able to capture either through like through the camera or some other panel that
doesn't have any like intricate parts like that.
Even DDR kind of tried the whole like arms and legs thing before though. I feel like
every DDR game does something with the gimmicks. Yeah. Once again, they just, it's not even
gimmicky in the sense you have to like, if you look at how dance central is only like,
you're only, you're standing up while dancing, essentially. If you were able to create a
version, you know, a feature dancing game that not only did that, we're allowed to do
break dancing moves, which is like really, really wishful thinking I'm pulling out right
now. That would be a killer feature. Now, why don't we just give them the choice, you
know, to choose between doing it. And now I understand that Konami's kind of, eh, when
it comes to emulating stuff. They're basically taking the same thing, applying the same methods
and expecting different results. That my friends is insanity. I mean, something has to give
because at this point, I mean, I somewhat care about DDR, but it's not important anymore.
I've moved on in that sense ever since CF closed back home in New York city is just
like, it doesn't matter. I wouldn't give two shits right now, but I mean, other people
may, you know, you know, may feel different. I mean, but that's them. And that's because
they're still holding on. I mean, I haven't even been on a dance. Last time I was on a
dance pad was a few weeks ago. And before that month, it's like, I'm going without like
DDR for, you know, at this point, it's just, you know, I couldn't, I'm fine. It won't kill
me if I don't, if I don't play. Not that a day, but the bottom line is this, you know,
for one company to try to, try to revive a franchise by constantly doing the same thing
that got them there in the first place without innovating, it's, it's not going to look good
for them. And I'm going on Activision's point where this is what happened to Guitar Hero.
And this is what will happen to Call of Duty.
Well, let me, let me ask you a question. Isn't it okay to let the franchise die? I mean,
like for example, combat on the Atari 2600, you know what? It's just, it's just done it.
There's never going to be another one. Let's just let it be. I mean, is it okay to just
say, you know what? It's, we don't need DDR anymore. We have stuff like Dance Central
or we have other dance games. I mean, can't we just let bygones be bygones, so to speak?
I guess what they need to, what Konami needs to do is like, maybe, I don't know if they
should retire the, the, the series, but try to move on, you know, try to move it on with
a more spiritual, more of a spiritual, spiritual successor. Something that really isn't DDR,
but it's the next evolution in that, in that whole genre.
Well, isn't that supposed to be what Dance Masters is?
Yeah, but that one was a rush job. It was, they didn't really think it out because it
was just a simple grab for, for money by the time, you know, as a, as a Kinect launch title.
I mean, now that it's already, now the cat's already out of the bag, you really,
I know the cat is out of the bag.
I mean, Konami really needs to take a good look at what, you know, what they can do to
differentiate themselves from the competition and still be, still be profitable. I know
it's a, it's a Herculean task, but I mean, it worked for harmonics in trying to, you
know, to win over Guitar Hero folks in a rock band. Cause that one, you know, the innovation
right there was just, you know, add more, add more peripherals. And from there, add
more DLC and so forth and try to bring more realism into that experience, trying to bring
an experience into the, into their living rooms or in an arcade.
We got to let you go so we can get some more calls, but do you have any final thoughts
for us tonight?
Um, let's see, uh, PSN is probably, the way I see PSN is like, they, they, they're going
to need more than a prayer. They're kind of done if they're completely compromised.
All right, Zaku. Well, thank you so much for the call. Have a good one.
Have a good one.
Meow.
All right. 1-877-GAMO-LR. Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio. If you want to
give us a call, though, I don't know if we'll get any calls after that. All right. Uh, let's
see. Kaijuto in our chat room says they need to put guns in DDR. That will save it.
I could figure out a way to do that, but, uh,
Two step in, one steps out.
No, I, I, I agree with, um, you know, the fact that they just didn't really implement
a lot of things well. And I think Dance Masters could be good. It's just they didn't do it
right the first time around. There's a lot of things that they, glaring omissions that
she, you know, Hey, you know, it'd be fun. It's a way to learn those routines instead
of having to play them over and over and over again and fail. That might be cool. You know,
with the Torioma or some sort of indicator what's coming up next. Uh, you know, so dark
to is suggesting just putting the end cat in DDR. All right. There. DDR kittens, dance
kitten adventure. That's what's going to save the game. All right. We're gonna close up
the Skype lines and someone else is calling. It's after nine anyway. So let's go around
and get everybody's a final thought. Actually, I didn't get any last minute stories. We were
doing call after call there. So do you a dark soccer won't start us then? Well, apparently
Stephen Colbert is part of the noble team. Well, not actually. Um, he, this actually
comes from a joke that he made about, um, master chief being one of the, uh, original
members of seal team six. And so, uh, bungee pulled off the image and put him on, uh, an
armored body. It's, it's just a mock up. It's not real, but it was pretty funny. And then,
um, there was a quote going around saying that valve was getting rid of single player
games, but really they're invoking single player plus to where you have social interactivity
in your first in your one player games. All right. Uh, Loki, you have any final stories
for earth last minute stories for us tonight? Yeah, real quick. Um, we, I think I mentioned
this back a while ago. There was an indie game that was coming out on the Xbox in the
marketplace, uh, that kind of combined almost think of it like a DDR meets a puzzle quest,
but, uh, it's out now. Actually it's called sequence and definitely check it out. There's
basically three different screens that are available that you switch between. Kind of
think of like the rock band, PSP and DS version. Um, and then you, you know, tap up the sequences.
Um, and one of them, I think it's like for health regeneration, one's a defense and others
like a magic or attack or something like that. So, um, check it out. It's available right
now for $3 or 240 Microsoft points and the title sequence. Um, and then of course it
was announced this week that, uh, Nintendo is dropping the price of the we bundle to
one 50 even though it was like rumored. Um, so all we systems are now going to be one
50. They're also putting out a new we bundle that's going to be with Mario cart. Um, and
of course the emotion, uh, are we remote plus and that kind of stuff that available in black
and white. And they're also going to be selling we sports separate because obviously this
does not come with we sports. If you ask me, it's kind of a rip off because instead of
getting two games for one 50 you're getting one game for one 50. Um, and you know, you
kind of think, let me guess they dropped the price of we sports resort, but it's still
kind of a rip off I think. Um, and then of course they also announced that they're going
to be doing a line of, um, titles are going to be cheaper. Nintendo selects. Um, and the
first lineup for the U S would be, and of course in the city folk, Mario's super sluggers,
we sports and Zelda twilight princess. Where the fuck is the love for excite truck is what
I got to ask, but you know, whatever. And then finally also, uh, in the UK they're going
to be doing the Nintendo selects as well. Uh, they're going to have a little bit different
of a lineup, uh, starting with a we sports course. So why are you aware smooth moves,
which is a pretty awesome game, animal crossing, um, and Mario's strikers, uh, charge their
football game over there. And then, uh, I mentioned this on my Twitter feed earlier.
Nintendo has conceded that they have struggled with online on the we and I promise to improve
it with the next system. Oh, Nintendo. Oh, and you didn't have to. Yes. So it's honestly
speaking the we's future could have been different if Nintendo had made better partnerships with
outside companies in the field of network services at early stages of penetration of
the we penetration. Uh, in other words, Nintendo might have been a little obsessed with, uh,
the policy. Uh, yeah. So, all right. Well, if that does it for last minute stories, yes.
Then we're going to go around and get her base of final thoughts. First off, we want
to thank you guys for downloading and listening to orange lounge radio this week or tuning
in live, whatever the case may be. Uh, all we ask, we don't really play commercials except
for, you know, other podcasts, but, uh, we don't, uh, make any money off this show. All
we ask, tell two friends about the show, help us spread the word. Uh, even if you don't
know who to tell, you could leave us a nice review on iTunes. We've had some wonderful
five star reviews in the past couple of weeks. Really appreciate those. They really do go
a long way in helping us get visibility and continue to spread the word of Nyan cat being
played over phone calls. Uh, dark soccer. Do you have a final thought for our listeners
tonight? I really freaking want a taco. My final thought is, uh, I'm going to just go
get a taco. That's what I'm going to do. Don't make stinky face at me. Uh, Loki, your final
thought. I joined Mensa and all I got was this membership card and discounts off Geico.
It's official. You're smart. All right. That's it everybody. Have a wonderful week. We are
done for the night, but, uh, yeah. Uh, have a good one. We'll see you next week. We'll
be back to do it all again. So, uh, join us. Bye. You've been listening to orange lounge
radio. Orange lounge radio is an orange lounge production to join us for a live show. Visit
www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific time. The views and opinions expressed on
orange lounge radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of orange lounge
radio or all games.com, but we're probably right anyway. See you next week. All right.
So something special after the credits tonight here on OLR, uh, because mostly I'm an idiot
and I forgot to play this earlier in the show, but, uh, of course today is mother's day in
the United States and I will, and I believe other countries too, but I want to say a very
happy mother's day to all the mommies out there. Uh, all the motherly figures or whoever
is considered a mother in your life. I want to say a happy mother's day to everybody.
And you know, once in a while here on the show, we like to do like, you know, like a
phone call to mom. So I think a couple of years ago we called dark soccer's mom. We
called my mom before. I think even Loki's mom's probably been on the show at some point
or another. So, um, tonight, uh, I wanted to give you guys an extra surprise and this
is a very special thing for you guys that have listened through the whole thing. You've
either stayed up very late with us live or you've listened through the entire podcast.
But I promised you at some point I would have my mother review mortal combat. And so I have
a clip of my mother watching me play mortal combat. And she actually said, if you put
the video on the internet, I will kill you. However, she didn't say I couldn't play the
audio for you guys on my radio show. Tell your mom, who's going to tell my mom. So here
it is. Who's going to tell Rob's mom? This is the first time my mother watched us play
mortal combat. And just for the record, it was Molina versus striker. Here we go. Okay,
so I'm here with my mommy. You know, your, your hair looks fine. Say hi to the internet,
you're fine. You look fine. Okay. How are you doing? I'm fine. So we wanted to show
you a video game. It's a new video game that came out. It's called mortal combat. Have
you ever heard of it? Yeah. And what do you know of it? It's violent. And what do you
think about violence in games? I think it's pathetic. Why? Because it teaches little kids
to be violent, but can't you like supervise little kids? Didn't I play mortal combat when
I was a kid? No, I supervise kids, but a lot of parents don't. Okay. Well, we just wanted
to show you the new game and see what you think of the graphics and the technology.
Look at her. She's not even dressed. That's disgusting. I need a comment about that. Yeah.
Her nipples aren't in the right place. If they were, you could see them. Look at her.
She's an Amazon. Oh my God. They threw her around. So do you think stage fatality Rob
or the uh, I would do her normal one. Is that blood all over the stage? Yep. Oh my God.
She hit him right in the cahoots. What's your name? Melina. What is that she has on? There's
some places missing. This, this is a game that's rated PG 17, right? It's rated M for
amateur. Oh, it should be rated. She's giving them kisses. Kids have no threshold for violence.
That's why, because they're conditioned that way. You got it. So after you beat the guy,
you get to, here's the best part. She's going to take his head off. Oh my God. I knew it.
Look at her outfit. What'd you think? It's disgusting. There you go. I love your mom.
My mother reacting to the regular outfit or was it like the tape outfit? It was no, it
wasn't the tape outfit. It was a regular little hoochie mama outfit there. Cause the tape
outfits is worse. We hadn't unlocked that yet. We haven't gotten to the top of the tower.
I think Alan's on like challenge 120 or something. So there you go. My mother's seeing Mortal
Kombat for the very first time. Her nipples are in the wrong place. You know how my mom's
like way more concerned with the outfit than anything else. Love it. Love you mom. Don't
be mad that I put this on my show. You said I couldn't do the video. I didn't put the
video up. I'm not going to put it on YouTube. There it is. I just like that you could totally
hear the in the background. I was like, Oh, I know what's going on. It's head eating time.
All right. That really does bring it into the podcast tonight. Uh, for those of you
guys listening live, stay tuned. But for those of you guys on the podcast, this really is
the end. Have a wonderful night, everybody.
