Tonight, May 15th, 2011, PlayStation Network returns after a three-week hiatus, a new entry
in a popular fighting franchise is announced, and a classic Sega Genesis video game is localized
for a new release.
Hello my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of Orange
Lounge Radio.
It's the show where every gamer has a voice.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'll be joining you over the next couple hours with my co-hosts.
First up, the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you?
I am accomplished.
You're accomplished.
Why is that?
Because I beat Portal 2 just now.
Congratulations.
I walked in like right as the ending was going on.
I'm not going to spoil what happens, but I was like, oh, it's this part.
I like this part.
So I like the all of that part.
I figured you would.
All right.
Also joining us tonight, say hello to the one and only tech master, Loki.
Hello.
Now what is this you're eating tonight?
That looks burnt.
Yeah, they don't, they don't understand what well done means versus, you know, torch.
Your pizza looks burnt or dead.
It's certainly well done.
What is this?
Is this quadruple bacon pizza again?
No, it's still triple bacon.
Oh, my bad.
How, how, how dare I increase the bacon anyhow?
We're going to get into the show.
Of course, we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific nine o'clock Eastern
right after the Bobby black Wolf show at all games radio, www dot all games.com.
It's very easy to hear the show.
All you do is you go to all games.com and as long as you have what flash installed,
it comes right up.
So it's very easy.
You don't, you don't have to worry about any of those complicated, getting it into your
win amp or iTunes or whatever.
Very easy.
I said it were easy, but if you, but if you want to put it in, when you have an iTunes,
you can do that too.
There's more information at all games.com.
Um, also our chat room chat dot orange lounge, radio.com.
It's very important to know we don't use the normal all games chat room.
Why?
I don't know.
It's just the way we've done it.
And we've had our own chat room for like nine years.
Plus we like being in charge of our own chat room.
So it's a power thing.
Anyhow so chat dot orange lounge, radio.com is where you can join us to chat with us live
and give us your comments on what's going on, uh, such as break man in our chat room
tonight who says there is no such thing as too much bacon.
I don't know.
I think we remember when we had the bacon party for one of your birthdays and there
was like all these bacon dishes here in house.
That was, that was too much bacon.
I have to say actually the smell is turning my stomach.
I was going to have a heart attack.
So anyhow, well you need, you'll have to get some Febreze or something to smell.
I don't know.
I've got Moroccan spice Febreze to cover Shermy's ass.
Yes, it smells good.
All right.
Anyhow, let's go ahead and get into how was your gaming week.
Every week we talk about some of the games we've been playing this week, which I guess
every single podcast pretty much does that this day and age, but I swear we were doing
it this way for a long time.
Dark Sakura, why don't you start us off?
How was your gaming week?
Well, I just beat portal two and I played some well and because certain people in our
guild are going to be helping me run through a dungeon and learn how to tank on Rebecca
black, I still love the character and I still have people's reactions.
I have made another character.
I remade my, my shaman and named her after my old, uh, one of my old tabletop characters.
His name is Bloodwin, very Welsh.
And uh, she's level 10, 11, 11.
She's 11.
Wow.
You're starting to sound like me.
I played.
Wow.
Wow.
And more.
Wow.
I'm getting pissed off though.
I'm getting pissed off at the core and nobody can give me the 300 gold.
I need to get, uh, you'll have to earn it.
Do a herbalism and mining.
That's how I did it.
You just go collect things for a while and then sell.
That's how you do it.
Then I just need to get rid of tailoring anyhow.
I don't want to fill up too much of a wow chat cause there's a whole nother show for
that now.
So anything else you've been playing this week?
No.
Seen any good movies lately?
I see a Tron thing behind you and that made me think like, Oh, Tron's on blue.
I'm supposed to go see, um, Thor on Tuesday with Becky.
Stay till after the credits.
I know.
That's what everybody says.
I know.
All right.
There's only one character in that whole movie I care about seeing and he's only in one part
cause it's my dude.
All right.
But no spoilers.
All right.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
What have you been playing?
Um, just really two things.
Um, you know, portal two and um, grant the data and portal two.
I've chapter eight and um, grand theft auto.
Well it's just grand theft auto.
We decided to start playing some grenade launcher only games, which is kind of fun.
Um, man, that's pretty much, that's about it.
Wow.
You guys both haven't been playing anything new.
That's all right.
Uh, let's see me.
Uh, actually a lot of it's the same.
I have not played a lot of new stuff.
A lot of the same stuff.
I've also been playing portal two, uh, a little bit of mortal combat.
Um, as is, you know, I know we're getting into this in the news in a little bit, but
it's pretty completely fucking obvious.
PlayStation network came back up yesterday, so I was finally able to get in there and
uh, play some mortal combat online and I got my ass handed to me cause I'm just, I guess
I'm just not good at fighters.
I don't know.
I need more practice.
Uh, but I was trying first match was a little laggy.
I was a little bit disappointed at how kind of laggy and it was one of those things where
the frames per second suffer.
Like that's how mortal combat kind of compensates for the lag is that your, your frames suffer.
But then I played another match today and it was fine.
It was very smooth and, and worked fine.
So I guess it really is just about who you're connecting to or the service is a little bit
wonky still.
Like I tried to log in today and I got the PlayStation is down for maintenance message.
So I did it like four times and it finally let me in.
So kind of weird how that's working, but whatever.
Um, otherwise, as far as new games go, there is one new game I've been playing this week
and uh, that is a downloadable game on Xbox live.
I believe it's on PlayStation network as well, but you know, haven't really been able to
tell for the past three weeks.
So, uh, it's on Xbox live arcade.
It's called might and magic clash of heroes, I think is what it's called.
It's a school.
Well, yeah, it's, it's interesting because it's, it's a DS game.
It was a DS game a few years ago, but I have kind of lost touch of the Nintendo DS scene
about four years ago.
There just hasn't really been a lot on the DS.
I really wanted to play that wasn't like a first party game.
Uh, but apparently this one was pretty good and I totally missed it.
Uh, so it's out now on Xbox live and apparently PlayStation network, not that you'll be able
to download that anytime soon.
Um, but it's a port of the DS version.
And from what I understand, they've done some redone graphics and things like that.
But let me tell you a little bit about the game.
It's very much a puzzle quest, gyro mancer, RPPG game, role playing puzzle game.
It's another one of these, um, the battle system.
If you watch somebody else play it, you're not going to understand what the hell is going
on, but it has a really good ramp up in the single player mode to kind of get you used
to things.
And the best way I could explain it, it's kind of like magical drop where you pull things
down from one column and put them in another column.
Only it's not like it doesn't move down slowly like magical drop does.
You only have a certain number of moves per turn and you do offensive attacks by vertical
lines and defensive attacks by horizontal lines.
So it's kind of neat.
And there's special pieces thrown in the mix.
And most importantly, you're playing head to head.
So there's like a line in the middle of the screen and you're working up towards that
middle line and your opponent is working, it's flipped.
They're working down in reverse.
So kind of neat how that makes the battle draw out.
So it's obviously because of that, it's a very slow paced RPG because each battle takes
some time.
But again, if you're into the puzzle quest two type of games where every battle is a
full Bejeweled match basically, this game is really right up that alley.
And I would say I actually found the game itself, the puzzle interface, to be kind of
a neat little thinker.
You know, and it's something a lot different from the Bejeweled-esque games, which pretty
much a lot of the other games that are out there in the RPPG series kind of fall into
right now.
Maybe the lone exception is that unremarkable one that Konami put out.
Puzzle Chronicles, I played that one for a little bit, didn't really find that that remarkable.
Sorry to Puzzle Chronicle fans.
But I did enjoy Puzzle Quest 2 and I enjoyed this Clash of Heroes.
So if you are into the puzzle games, you at least have to download the demo and check
it out.
That's the nice thing about Xbox Live Arcade and PSN whenever it's up, is that there are
demos.
So you know, there's not any harm in that other than I guess the bandwidth and time
to download the demo.
But yeah, if you're into the puzzle games, I really encourage you to check this one out
because I think it would be worthy to your collection.
Not just a single player mode, you can do Xbox Live matches.
I have not delved so far into that section yet, so I can't say a lot, but I can imagine
that is definitely something that the DS version probably didn't have.
Maybe it had it locally.
I don't know, I could be totally misstating, maybe someone in the chat will correct me.
I don't know if it had internet play.
Like I know DS has internet play, but obviously Xbox Live I think is a much bigger internet
audience than probably the DS was, so there you go.
Night Magic, Clash of Heroes, if you're into puzzle, RPPGs, check it out.
Otherwise that was pretty much my gaming week.
So let's get into housekeeping tonight, not a whole lot.
Still some shows coming up over the next few weeks.
We don't plan to have any weeks off anytime soon.
E3 week might be a challenge, which is weird because none of us are actually going to E3,
but Dark Soccer and I are going to LA.
Long story.
So we may or may not be back that Sunday.
I think we're going to try and make it back in time for the show, which would be good.
No promises though.
No promises though.
Exactly.
So we'll let you know a little closer.
So you have to stop by the cheese factory on the way back.
That's still what, about three weeks away?
So we got a little time to figure that all out.
Meanwhile join us on Facebook, facebook.com slash orange lounge radio, twitter.com slash
OLR, and of course our website, www.orangeloungeradio.com.
Alright let's move on.
I'm going to our chatroom, chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
CD Thunder in our chatroom says RPPG means Rob playing a video game rated PG.
Rob playing PG.
I guess my magic clash of heroes would be PG.
I mean there's cartoony sword fights, but no blood or anything like that.
Me playing Mortal Kombat would definitely not be rated PG because I giggle all the time
at the fatalities.
And I got to see the, what is it called?
Is that called the Deadpool?
Like I know that's also one of Dark Soccer's favorite comic book characters, but I think
it's what it's called.
The acid room.
I saw the stage fatality for that for the first time.
It was gross.
But I giggled.
It was funny.
I need to get my mom back over and show her that one.
You're supposed to bring the game over.
Oh my bad.
I forgot.
Well I mean at some point.
Come bring it over and play.
I need to take my phone for fantasy 13 back.
I'll go find it.
You better.
It's in the vault.
It's in there somewhere.
You know it's well taken care of.
Brakeman in our chatroom says Sky and Dark Sakura are going to Hollywood.
I bet they are going to be in a movie.
What are you hiding from us?
Hmm.
Maybe.
Maybe not.
Rama says.
A YouTube movie maybe.
Rama says Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers and an all new team up special, Fear and Loathing
in Los Angeles.
Well we don't want to leave Loki out of all the fun stuff, but you know he has the baby.
We can't stop here.
This is Activision country.
Alright anyhow, let's move on.
Gaming news.
Start us off.
Loki.
So there was like a firmware update today for the PlayStation Network.
Yay.
3.61.
It's basically the update that makes you change your PlayStation Network ID.
It was yesterday, but nobody knew.
Today, yesterday, who cares.
It all blends together.
You know, I don't really give a shit.
B, U, C. And I will say, okay, according to this post, this post was made on the 14th.
That would be, oh that would be yesterday.
Well I don't know my days, okay, so what can I say?
They all just blend together.
They all blend together, seriously.
What day is today?
No, I don't know.
Anyways, so yeah, firmware update, um, and of course that of course led to the PlayStation
Network starting to come up, and I love this little very official Kazurai video where he's
like making a State of the Union address or something like that.
It was the blandest fucking message I've ever seen.
Like how bad, I'm like, I hate kicking these guys when they're down, but I was watching
it, I was falling asleep.
Like this is why people are drawn to Reggie Fils-Aime from Nintendo, because you feel
his enthusiasm, even when he's hawking such bullshit, like the vitality sensor or whatever,
you at least really feel his enthusiasm.
I think that's why he's very popular with gamers, but Kazurai is very, just like, so
vanilla.
Hello, my name is Kazurai, and I like to party.
We here at Sony embrace fun, hurrah, and I know my friends over here are now enjoying
the fun PlayStation Network.
Everybody happy.
Party time.
Fun, fun, fun, fun.
Yesterday was Thursday, tomorrow is Saturday.
Hold on, I actually want to play a little bit of this.
Did you watch this Dark Sakura?
Tell me if this does not scream, I am a party animal.
All the patients that you've shown as we work through this restoration process.
Since the attacks on our networks, we've been working around the clock to bring game and
media services back online.
The service is being restored in phases, and I'm pleased to say that the first phase has
now been launched in most regions of the world.
And then I just spent a bunch of- What is he doing with his hands?
He makes these very, very distinct, like, this is the part where I'm going to clasp
my hands.
The teleprompter tells him to.
You think?
Fast Pines.
Now for the secret ingredient.
And with the money that we have lost, we're going to actually be raising a few of our
rates in the next few months to pay for this new teleprompter.
We had to keep it on a separate network because PSN is actually still down, and we're just
put psychedelics into your breakfast cereal so that you'll believe it's back up.
No seriously, we had to work around the clock, because some dumbass put a giant clock in
our server room, and we had to work around that damn thing because we couldn't move it
out of the way.
By we had to work around the clock, I mean everybody except me, where I went home and
ate crayons.
I especially like the green one, because when I cough it up later on, it looks like mucus
and I can gross out my kids.
I don't know, it just reminded me of, like, one of those, like, it's really cheesy acting
or something.
I don't know.
I- Whatever.
He's reading off the teleprompter, because if you look where his eyes are fixated the
entire time, he's reading a teleprompter.
Or he's staring into your soul.
He can't, he has no soul.
Only people with souls can stare at other people with souls.
It's in the unwritten book of souls.
So anyways, yeah, PlayStation Network, the first phase, I guess leading up to the full
return by the end of May, included the following services, obviously the ability to sign into
the PlayStation Network and Curiosity, including resetting the passwords, restoration of online
gameplay, including PlayStation 3 and PSP, playback of rental video content, music unlimited
services from Curiosity, access to third party services such as Netflix, Hulu, Vudu, and
MLB TV.
The friends category and PlayStation Home.
Yes, thank God PlayStation Home was part of that.
I missed it so much, because there's so much partying going on in PlayStation Home.
And then of course, it's fully back up throughout North America, which is awesome for us.
And I'm just running home right now to go sign up on the PlayStation Network to change
my password and play some games, oh wait it's not, because I don't care.
And then finally, Sony Online Entertainment announced that they're going to be offering
their members a free month, which is great since it's been down for a month, and they're
rewarding their players for the affected downtime, I guess some double XP events for EverQuest
and Vanguard, and they're going to be doing some special gear in DC Universe and Star
Wars Galaxies.
I did see, well the DC Universe one, it's like some stupid cowl thing that looks like
you could be Batman or something.
And then Star Wars Galaxies, I'm surprised, I didn't even realize that was still up.
But hey, learned something.
And then finally, I guess lifetime subscribers will get another load in, or I guess some
more in-game currency, 500 station cash.
Whatever station cash is.
I'm sorry, what?
I'm sorry, you're right.
My brain shut off for that whole thing right there.
So here's what I have to say, now that everybody's relieved to be back online and playing, is
anyone still mad?
Because I have a feeling by next week no one's going to be mad anymore, they're just forgetting
about it.
Well- Love Steam, I don't care.
I don't know.
With E3 so close and around the corner too, I mean, this is still going to be fresh in
people's minds when E3 rolls around, and that's one of the disadvantages that Sony's going
into this with.
I mean, and you can say that the Red Ring of Death thing was a big debacle too, but
you know, remember, Microsoft kind of finally, it took them long enough, they kind of came
out and admitted fault for that, and they were generally able to get over that whole
thing.
Whereas, I don't know, this is still really fresh in people's minds, we're still going
to have lawsuits after this that have yet to be settled and so on.
This is not over today, I mean, PlayStation Network is still not 100% back up.
You can't buy games online right now, and if you're a developer, that kind of sucks.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Yeah, I don't know if you read one of the stories, well, there's some ridiculous stories,
you know, regarding this whole thing, but I mean, I don't know.
For me, it doesn't really matter, because I'm never on PlayStation Network, so it just
was an inconvenience because now I had to wait to activate my Steam copy of Portal 2.
Well, technically I didn't have to wait, but you know, it was such a non-event for me.
I was like, eh, whatever.
So I'm not on it.
I can't be on it.
Don't care.
Oh, actually, this is late breaking.
There's another video that was just released by Sony of Kazurai giving an update as to
what's going on on PlayStation Network.
Let's take a look and see what's going on in this latest announcement from Kazurai.
Bueller?
Bueller?
Bueller?
Bueller?
Bueller?
Oh, I guess the Bueller network will be coming back soon, I don't know.
All right, there you go.
Anyhow.
I have some more PlayStation updates and what's going on.
Actually, mentioning about developers being pissed off, apparently publishers and developers
obviously have been out quite a bit of money.
You know, that's three weeks of lost sales and then some.
Again, the story is not back up just yet.
Apparently, Sony was not telling the developers and publishers really anything.
They only had the same information that the rest of us had.
Sony finally sent out a letter to its publishing partners.
It was sent out three weeks after the PlayStation Network went down, which is interesting.
Here's a clip of the letter.
Dear partner, as you know, certain PlayStation Network curiosity is, which by the way is
how you pronounce it, not core-yorosity.
Curiosity?
Queue.
Curiosity.
Curiosity.
Well, I don't care.
Once again, I don't care.
Whoa, you're so clever for putting a queue there and making me try to figure out how
to pronounce a fucking thing.
Guess what?
It's a service I don't fucking care to use, so I don't care to fucking know how to pronounce
it either.
As you know, blah, blah, blah, account information was compromised, criminal attacks, blah, blah,
blah.
I want to assure you as a PlayStation partner that it is Sony's top priority to restore
our network operations and see that business is returned to usual as soon as possible.
We are working around the clock to restore service, but we'll do so only when we can
ensure that the network can operate safely and securely, blah, blah, blah.
And then they go over exactly what happened, which really is all the stuff that you would
have got just reading the internet and the various game blogs and what's going on.
Let's see.
As a valued partner, we aim to keep the lines of communication open so that you are aware
of our progress.
Our focus has been to confirm the security of the networks, protect customer data, and
get the services back online as quickly as possible.
We will do our best to respond to all of your inquiries and we will do everything we can
to possibly support you.
I mean, that is a load of crap if I've ever heard it.
We aim to keep the lines of communication open.
So that's why you're regurgitating what every news outlet has been saying for the past three
weeks.
That sucks.
If I was a PlayStation Network developer, I would be so mad about this.
Why weren't you upfront with us sooner?
And it's really going to give me pause in developing a PlayStation Network exclusive.
Sony is really going to have to, you know, as their game plan to get up and going again,
they're really going to have to shell out money for exclusive agreements.
It's going to be interesting to see what happens with that.
Anyhow, some other stuff with the whole PlayStation breach.
There's a rumor going around that a rented Amazon server was actually used to launch
the attack, which is interesting because Amazon was having all their issues, you know, and
the web service, not the, not the same portion of Amazon that sells the books and CDs.
We have to remember Amazon is a very large service and they also sell like web hosting
as part of their service.
And you might remember that a bunch of sites they hosted went down, which was a big deal
for Amazon because they have like, you know, service level agreements that were being broken
and so forth.
Well, according to Bloomberg News, they are saying that the hackers who actually hacked
PlayStation Network rented a server from Amazon.com to do so, signing up for the service using
fake information.
Hmm.
Interesting theory.
But, you know, pardon my ignorance, but how would this server be used to hack PlayStation
Network?
I mean, a DDoS is one thing, but that's not what we're talking about happened here.
This is not a simple DDoS.
Somebody got in there and the information got exposed.
So how does that work using a cloud, uh, the cloud computer?
I mean, I just don't know enough about hacking Loki.
Any ideas?
Well, if they're brute forcing something, the more computers they have working on it,
the faster it goes.
Hmm.
Well, you can, it can be guaranteed that if this is true, you can see a subpoena will
be going to out to Amazon very soon to try and figure out, you know, whose credit card
was used to sign up, which if that ends up being true, that was, um, it was kind of dumb
the hackers to do, but they probably used a fake or stolen credit card.
Yeah, I'm sure.
Oh, we'll put all the real, you know, we'll put fake names, but the credit card, we'll
put a real credit card or a real credit card name or something like that.
Hmm.
Uh, also one other quick thing, uh, about, um, this whole thing, uh, retailers are saying
that PlayStation three owners are just ditching the platform altogether and migrating to the
360.
This is gonna be ironic, hold on, just real quick.
You know, uh, one of the stories that came out before they were saying that there was
people that were hacking the PlayStation three using the, um, you know, the, it's a new custom
firmware called re, was it a re-bug or something like that.
And basically it gave them access to like the developer side of things where you can
buy PlayStation content using this, uh, credit card number that they had or whatever that
was associated with the developer stuff that allowed them to add, you know, funds to their
account and buy stuff without actually spending real money.
Oh yeah.
Wouldn't it be ironic if they use that credit card number?
That would be hilarious.
Uh, apparently a lot of people were canceling their pre-orders for brink, uh, for the PlayStation
three.
Uh, lots of stuff going on in the used market, which I think dark soccer is going to get
into in a minute here, but, uh, yeah, lots of PlayStation threes being traded in.
People going to Xbox three 60 again, this is just from a source in Belgium.
Uh, you know, I'm sure, I'm sure there's an increase over normal, but I'm not sure if
it's a, Oh shit, PlayStation is damned a situation yet.
I mean people, I mean, if you're that fickle that you're going to just, you know, dump
your system because the networks down for a couple of weeks, then whatever, then you're
going to be, then you're going to be fickle enough to, you know, buy the system again
later on when there's something that you want to play on it, cause that's, what's going
to end up happening.
I mean, live goes down every once in a while for a day and stuff.
You don't see people like running on mass, you know, selling their console.
To be fair, it doesn't go down because somebody stole my credit card information.
It's never been down for 22 days.
True.
You know, there is a big difference than that, but I just think, you know, I do think selling
your PlayStation on this alone might be a little bit throwing out the baby with the
bathwater a little bit.
I mean, I, I, there could be that exclusive that comes out that makes you kind of want
to come back sorta.
I mean, if you, if you sell this and you mean it, then Hey, everybody has that right to
make those types of choices, but I just, I know too many people that sell systems only
to buy them back when the game they really want comes out, kind of like the 3DS, like
if you're selling a 3DS back already, you really should question why you bought one
in the first place.
I mean, that's really the underlying problem right now.
I mean, everybody knows the 3DS lineup right now is weak at best.
So, but there's going to be much better 3DS games by the end of the year between the Kid
Icarus, the assumed Mario game that's going to be announced at E3 and so forth.
There'll be more reasons to have it.
So why sell back a 3DS now just to buy one six months later?
So, but there are people, I mean, and there are going to be a certain percentage of people
that just feel so violated by this whole thing.
They've sworn off Sony and this could damage the PlayStation 4 later on.
But I don't know.
I think it's a bit too early to really see the full ramifications.
I think it is so important more than ever this year to really see what Sony's bringing
out the big guns this year at E3.
But you know, I'm not exactly loving the fact that Sony's PlayStation network was down for
22 days, that my credit card information was stolen.
But at the same token, I kind of keep going back and forth on that crap, too.
They're like, oh, well, we have no evidence that it actually was stolen.
Oh, well, but you still want to, you know, be sure and take all these safety precautions.
Oh, but we have really no evidence that's been stolen.
They're going back and forth on it.
Just like say, listen, it's been compromised and be done with it.
People will say, well, you know, there's really no evidence that they looked at it.
You know, they have the data.
They stole all of it.
Who knows?
They maybe just deleted the file and said, pat themselves on the back and say, good job
me.
I hacked Sony.
So, um, I just, it's going to be interesting because later on this year you still have
some big, you know, The Last Guardian is a game that a lot of people are foaming at the
mouth over.
So it's very, it's going to be like, you know, will people forgive us if the games are good
enough?
It's going to be very, very interesting these next few months.
So anyhow, let's move on.
I think Dark Sakura has a little more to add to this whole retail angle.
Well, actually there is a notice that at least in the U S that, uh, diff 10 of the most popular
online titles that were for PlayStation three dropped by an average of 7.4%, um, basically
since the 20th of April.
And then the same 10 titles saw a 0.7% increase on Xbox three 60 for sales.
Also, um, uh, one of the UK retailers was reporting that they had double the amount
of PS threes being brought in and then half of those people picking up an Xbox three 60
that also sales of, uh, use titles have just completely been borked by PS three going to
sell like two coming in at four.
It's all fuzzy map.
It sounds like, well, at any rate, I, most people really are that fickle and it's, it's
really people in general I think are just so fickle that they're going to not put up
with any type of inconvenience when high real life doesn't always work out for you.
You're going to have to wait.
I didn't care.
Let's go to the chat room at chat dot orange lunch radio dot com for some feedback going
on right now.
A game guru in our chat room says red ring of death and PlayStation network being hacked
are only comparable in terms of showing the deficiencies that Microsoft and Sony has.
Kind of interesting.
Yes, because Microsoft was always a software company and then they were getting into hardware.
But you know, in Microsoft though, I think that their response was a little bit better
than Sony's.
I mean, at least I granted they, I don't think they ever really admitted how many are affected.
Trust me, it's more than the 1% that they were quoting.
It's every single one, every single, every single one launch, every single one will be
absolutely be affected.
If you have one that's from the launch, you know, 2005 or whatever, and it's still working
today, that's a fluke.
Trust me.
I, I know every single one will die a salacious pop responding to something you just said
a little bit ago.
I think Loki is under recognizing the huge dude broke contingent who only play black
ops battlefield, modern warfare all day.
And that's all they play.
And they're Sony geeks and never got into halo.
Or I would add to that that the Blu-ray player was enticing.
I mean, like it or not, the Blu-ray factor being in the PlayStation three is still selling
a lot of those over Xbox three six to the dude broke contingent that salacious pop brings
up.
Not the audience that would be listening to this show, but the people that are like, Oh,
this thing plays Blu-rays and it plays modern warfare.
Cool.
You know, well, first of all, your Blu-ray player will still work and it's back up.
So what's the problem?
Oh, those people that it took my credit card info.
So you gave them your credit card info.
Well, on top of that, just call the bank and change your shit.
You know, a little inconvenience for your own security.
Sorry.
You're going to have to deal with it.
You're going to end up, uh, as Joe and Hunter, Matt says, I don't know, call me crazy, but
I'd rather have my three 60 red ring of death than my private information stolen.
That's just me.
If you say it's the same, then you obviously don't know what it's like to have your credit
card or identity stolen.
Uh, I still don't give a shit because if somebody tries to use my number, guess what?
We'll call and cancel the card and then they'll trace it back to whoever did it.
Don't care.
Really don't care.
Well, it's going to be, I mean, if that happens, you're going to care when it happens.
If it happens at a bad time, but it's not gonna affect my credit.
It's not going to affect my finances.
It will.
All the funds will be frozen and I'll get a new card and hopefully they'll catch whoever
did it.
Other than that.
Don't give a shit.
Yeah.
And I said this a couple of weeks before on the show.
If somebody were to use this credit card information has been stolen, you're really an idiot and
you're just asking to, uh, get caught for this whole thing.
I mean, the FBI is on this now, you know, they're just waiting for someone to fuck this
up and give away how this all, you know, kind of happened.
So and also the amount of information they actually got, um, you know, it's going to
take them forever to parse through that stuff anyways.
So yeah, there is a, there is the risks that your identity might be stolen or something
like that, but it's, I think it's very unlikely even even still, I think they'll catch them
before they even come close to parsing through all the data that's on there.
I agree with this comment in our chat room.
Defective candy at chat, that orange sounds radio.com says, if someone tries to use my
credit card, guess what sucks to be them.
I'm broke.
I was just thinking that, you know, I really, I really, okay, wasting time freaking out
over this is really exactly just that.
Wasting time.
All you're doing is working yourself up.
You selling your PlayStation three is going to mean you're not going to be able to play
whatever that is.
It's going to come out later and then you're going to have to spend more money to get another
one if you want to play it badly enough.
So in the end, lacking patience just makes you a loser.
That's it.
Well, but I, at the same time, I can understand where somebody is going to sell their PlayStation
three back over this.
I really do.
But I just would say, think ahead cause you don't want to do something reactive only to
get sweetened back by Sony later on.
We also still don't know what they plan to do to kind of wrong the right or excuse me,
right?
Wrong.
The right, right?
The wrong.
And uh, you know what they're going to give as part of this, I guess you could see severance
package or whatever to kind of come back to the place.
Wait, wait, wait.
You don't know.
Didn't you see the party look in Kaz's eyes?
It's obvious that he's going to throw one hell of a party.
That guy is a party animal.
And again, I, all I know, if I was thinking of selling my PlayStation three back, I'd
kind of be waiting until after E3 to make sure I really want to do it.
I'm not selling my fucking PS3 back because it's a fully backwards compatible PS3 with
the 500 gig hard drive in it that I don't play on the PlayStation network and hardly
ever buy games for.
So you know, I'm content with it.
I use it for Blu-rays.
Great.
You know what?
If there's a Sony game that really is awesome that I have to have, I can get it.
But for everything else that's multi-platform, you better believe it.
I'm getting in on the Xbox 360 because that's just what I play more.
It's more convenient for me.
PS3 sucked up to the front TV.
Nelly wants to play Animal Crossing still.
So, you know, all right.
I feel like it's been PlayStation network all the time for the past three weeks.
Believe it or not, there is news in other parts of the gaming world and I think it's
time we took a trip there.
How about Xbox?
Let's talk about something going on in the 360 world, Loki.
Well, remember they were beta testing an update that's gonna change kind of the disk format
a little bit.
They're gonna allow developers to use another gigabyte of space that was dedicated for like
a video partition that basically says Xbox.
It's a little swirl logo thing that lets you know, hey, dumbass, that's not a DVD movie.
It is an Xbox game.
But you know what?
I think most people can figure out that it's an Xbox game.
They don't need a little video that shows that.
So get that out of the way and you have more space for storing stuff.
So along with that, there's also gonna be, you know, some other updates including PayPal.
It's coming on May 19th, which is interesting.
You'll be able to use your PayPal account to add funds for buying an Xbox Live Marketplace
materials and whatnot.
Extremely interesting in light of everything that's going on at Sony, that you can kind
of use a middleman now.
Instead of having to give your information directly to Microsoft, you could use a, for
better or worse, trusted payment delivery source, although I don't know if giving your
info to PayPal is any better or worse than giving it to Microsoft, to be honest.
And then Avatar Connect, that's coming May 27th.
That's the, you know, program that you can chat with your friends and, you know, use
the connect to move your avatar around, kind of like a talk show almost.
This sounds kind of weird to me because don't they have a video chat program as it is right
now?
They do, but you can't wave around as your avatar.
Okay.
So this is for people who don't want to be seen as themselves.
They want to be seen as their avatar online in chat.
Yes.
So this is for like pedophiles and ugly people like, no, I mean, no offense to the ugly people
out there, but like, right?
Like why would you just use video chat?
Yeah.
Um, and then of course, you know, as I mentioned, uh, the, uh, XGD3, uh, that's the new format
that's going to be for the disks.
The other thing is, of course, they're going to be adding some more copy protection.
It's also going to be flashing all of those people that have flash modded drives.
It's going to be flashing those drives back to their stock firmwares and going to be,
um, fixing it in a way where you can't change it.
Well, you can't easily change it.
We'll get to that a little bit later, but a neat, you know, that also saves me a step
because I have one flash system still that we, it was leftover from, I just didn't want
to bother the flash it back and now I don't have to, they're going to do it for me.
Awesome.
I, what do you think about this news of what's coming out in the Xbox three spring update?
I mean, usually these updates are pretty exciting.
There's at least one little tidbit in there where you're like, Oh, that's going to be
awesome to have like the, I don't know, like the USB storage or whatever, but this time
around I'm looking at the updates going, eh, none of this, I mean, PayPal, okay.
I don't know who would use that, but not me.
Uh, I'd use it.
I mean, if I was buying a lot of content on Xbox live, I'd use it because I sell a lot
of shit on eBay.
So I have, I usually, when I'm not dumping my funds back into my bank account, I usually
have quite a bit sitting in my PayPal account.
I guess I can get that.
See, I don't, I don't really use PayPal like that.
Like I use PayPal to pay for Skype and that's about it.
And that's cause I, we've been using Skype ever since they were like a company based
in the UK and it was actually very easy to do the international funds through PayPal.
Um, so that's why I have a PayPal account.
I don't use it for anything.
I also use, I use it a lot for just buying stuff online.
I buy a lot of stuff on eBay.
I buy a lot of stuff like subscriptions for things.
I'll pay for that.
That makes sense though, that for those people that actually use PayPal as a wallet from
like eBay and things like that, that is kind of a neat way to be able to pay for the games.
It's online for eBay and Dan uses it for his RC cars.
All right, I get it.
I guess that is a little bit more exciting, but I don't know.
But once again.
Let's talk about me again.
I am not excited.
There's nothing in it for me.
Yeah.
See, I don't buy a lot of download content anymore for games other than like maybe like
a Grand Theft Auto or something like that.
I probably wouldn't buy, you know, download content for a lot of things.
I may or may not have bought Dan Central songs the other day.
You know, I have certain hardware configurations in various places that facilitate the ability
to not have to purchase that stuff and yet enjoy the full range of content.
I think that's the place where I can say that.
But yeah, I really don't buy a lot.
Mainly because, you know, look at what I'm playing each week, Grand Theft Auto, Grand
Theft Auto, Grand Theft Auto.
I mean, there's not any new content coming out for that, so there's nothing for me to
buy.
DJ Hero.
You know, Grand Theft Auto 5.
You know, 1.5.
Yeah.
Hell yeah.
1.5.
Anything they put out, I'll buy.
I mean, that's just, you know, the way it is.
All right.
Let me move on to a story about something that maybe you'll be using your PayPal money
to download.
I don't know.
Sega has been an ESRB rating that's come out for the Genesis game Monster World 4 coming
out on Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation Network.
Now, that kind of spilled the news a little early.
Sega of Europe actually confirmed that they are bringing the game over to PlayStation
Network and Wii Virtual Console.
So odd that they left Xbox Live Arcade out of that, but whatever.
Maybe something's happening in the future.
I don't know.
There's gonna be a vintage collection that actually comes out later in the year.
You know, they've been milking those Genesis games for all their worth and there's still
people that will pay five bucks a game for it, so whatever.
This collection is gonna have Wonder Boy in Monster Land, Revenge of Shinobi, Alex Kidd
in Miracle World, Wonder Boy in Monster World.
Now, all those games have already come out on the Virtual Console here in North America.
But the interesting thing about this, Monster World 4, it was never actually officially
released on a console outside of Japan.
And get this.
It's gonna be localized as a part of this collection.
So Sega is actually localizing this ages-old, what is this, 94, I think, game?
Wasn't this first game?
Don't say that, Rob.
It was, uh, sorry.
That's when I graduated.
I don't write the news.
I just report it.
As, uh, trolls would say on the internet, Sega does but intend don't.
In other words, localizing an old game that maybe fans might want to play just because
they can.
That's the best zing I've heard on a show.
Hey, Joe Aniki came out.
Don't say that.
What's that?
Joe Aniki came out.
But that's not a Nintendo game.
They didn't translate it.
Yeah, it wasn't Nintendo.
They didn't, yeah, when Sin and Punishment, the original came out, they didn't bother
to translate it.
I mean, a lot of those games didn't need translation, but this is really the first time that they've
gone back and actually are gonna translate a game.
Now, I can't imagine Monster World 4 has the epic dialogue of a role-playing game, but
it's probably got, what, it's kind of a Mario-y style game, right?
Sort of a side-scrolling adventure game, right?
So it's probably got a decent amount of dialogue.
It's kind of neat that they're localizing it.
But at the same time, if I have to buy this whole big collection with all these other
Genesis games just to get it, I don't know.
And I gotta be honest, well, I don't know, I hear Monster World 4 is really, really good
and I'm missing a lot by not playing it, but my desire to go and pay money for this old
94 game, I don't know, I just, I'm not, like, super excited about it.
I just think there's other stuff in the gaming world my money would be spent on.
But I guess I'll wait and see when this comes out.
Maybe everybody will be like, you have to play it, it's great, and we were missing so
much before.
A good game is still a good game at the end of the day, right?
So.
Alright, moving on.
Dark Soccer, what do you got for us?
I have other news related to Disney, although I, okay, this is, I'm first gonna point out
something that I totally loathe that this article does.
Okay, the article says, Disney Studio coughs up 3 million for violating kiddie gamer's
privacy.
But Disney didn't do it.
It was titles that had been acquired before Disney acquired Playdom, which is their online
kids gaming thing.
So to say Disney did it, yeah, Disney may have accepted all the liability, but it wasn't
Disney that did it, and I hate when titles are misleading like that, so.
But at any rate, Playdom, which is the Disney social game studios, paid 3 million dollars
as a settlement for titles that were there before Playdom acquired, I'm sorry, that were
acquired by Playdom before Disney acquired it, were collecting kids' ages and email addresses
without parental consent.
It was posted without parental consent.
So Disney coughed up the cash for it.
And isn't, there is some type of law where like if you're under 13.
It's COPA.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So basically, um, you know, they have to have consent to be able to do something like that,
and it was a game called Pony Stars, which was like a My Little Pony game.
Oh shit, my information probably got compromised.
Oh Rob.
But basically, these were all done by Acclaim.
At the time, it was under Acclaim's management.
Uh, the Curse of Acclaim.
Yeah.
And then Playdom bought out Acclaim.
So.
But actually, the former Acclaim CEO, Howard Marks, is also being named in the case.
Oh snap.
So I would say, uh, you know, whoever holds whatever rights are left, you know, Disney
needs to go after them.
Um, it's really tricky, especially when you're talking about games marketed towards kids.
Like a lot of kids, you know what game comes to mind for me is that Smurfs Village game
on iOS has taken a lot of heat and that's a Capcom game, if I'm not mistaken.
The Smurfs Village game, because of how easy it is for kids to get sucked into that game
and buy the little Smurf Berries, like, you know, it's just touch, touch, touch to do
it.
And you buy those, like you've heard these stories of kids spending hundreds of dollars
on these dumb ass Smurf Berries to make things grow faster in the game, but you know, a lot
of 10 year olds who don't have a true concept of money don't understand that.
I think back to when-
And parents that don't have a concept of parenting don't understand that their kids are buying
stuff through their phone.
I think it's funny though, cause I think back to a time when I was probably like 14 or 15
and I was on Prodigy and Prodigy used to charge for using chat rooms and one month I ran up
like a $90 bill in the chat room or something like that and my mother, oh God, I never heard
the end of it.
You guys never heard the end of it.
Yeah, we did the same thing in Prodigy, but it wasn't, it wasn't necessarily because of
the, um, the chat room.
It was because, um, the number that it picked to dial was long distance.
No.
Yeah.
That's not good.
Love dialing.
See, I used to have the hookup on AOL back in the day because I dialed in on an 800 number.
I thought you had to pay for that.
And had a free account.
I was gonna say, I thought you had to pay for the 800 number.
I was a chat room host for Cartoon Network.
It was almost impossible not to have a free account through AOL because you'd threaten
to cancel or, you know, they'd just send you another 72, you know, day trial or whatever.
Just a ridiculous amount of 720 hour trial.
That's what it was, you know, oh, wait, that's 30 days.
Awesome.
Uh, yeah, but I'm referring to back when it was like $3 an hour or something.
Back when it had just gotten out of DOS.
Rama in the chat room says, Sky, if she didn't beat you with the belt, you got off lucky.
LOL.
No.
All the abuse in my household was always emotional, never physical.
Alright.
That's not abuse.
Let's move on.
Let's move on and talk about release dates and what's coming out to a store near you
depending on where you live.
We'll start with the US.
Not much this week.
LA Noire on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 being the biggest title of the week.
It's kind of a big title, right?
Yeah, just a little bit.
The Witcher 2, Assassins of Kings on PC, coming out from Atari.
The First Templar on Xbox 360.
Spongebob Squigglepants for the 3DS, this is the game that's sort of like Warioware,
but here it's terrible, so, you know, keep that in mind.
Another terrible title for the 3DS.
Cake Man-
What a shock!
Yeah, shocker.
Cake Mania Main Street for the Nintendo DS, I'm sure it's all like the other Cake Mania
games.
Fable 3 on PC this week.
And that's it.
Alright, moving on to Japan and what's coming out over there.
You get your version of Portal 2 this week on the Xbox 360 and the PlayStation 3, those
coming out on May the 19th.
And yeah, those are like localized versions for Japan.
I don't know if they have all new voice actors or if it uses subtitles or what, but yeah,
they're getting their own version of Portal 2 so they can get in on the fun that we're
having over here.
Again, that's on the Xbox 360 and the PlayStation 3.
Also coming out on the PlayStation 3 this week, excuse me, is a price reduction, not
a new game, but FIFA Soccer 11 moves into the best hit series from EA, it's like it's
a big price reduction in Japan this week.
Moving on to the Nintendo Wii, nuttin' this week, what a surprise, the Nintendo 3DS Dead
or Alive Dimensions finally gets its release this week in Japan, so I'm sure we'll be hearing
some reports on that game and how it turned out, because we'll be getting it soon enough.
Also on the 3DS over there, Animal Resort, Dobutsen o Suikuro comes out, and Tom Clancy's
Ghost Recon Shadow Wars also comes out.
Trying to look at this Animal Resort, and honestly, when I see the box, the first thing
I think of, honest, Africa.
Because it looks just like that game.
Who's putting out Animal Resort?
Animal Resort is being put out by, who is this, AQ Interactive is putting out the game,
but look at this, there's elephants you can take pictures of, and hippopotamus, it looks
like you feed them, because there's little items there on the bottom, and it looks like
this guy is dragging a type of fruit to feed the hippopotamus, but this is adorable, there's
apparently penguins in this, so now I kind of want it, to be honest.
Looks pretty good, I mean, for a 3DS title, the graphics are pretty good.
It's kind of an interesting twist on Nintendogs, I bet what this is, is it's kind of like Nintendzoo.
Maybe it's like Animonsnap.
Well I was just wondering if, the only reason I asked who made it, is because there's a
title coming from Ubisoft called Zoo Mania that looks similar to that, and I'm wondering
if it's actually the exact same game.
Perhaps, we'll have to look that up.
On the Sony PSP this week on May the 19th, Akiba's Trip comes out.
This is, uh, oh what do they do, it's a trip.
It's a game where you get people to strip.
No you don't get people to strip, I don't, what?
Yes, you, by fighting them, they will remove, their clothes will be removed.
I'm serious, there's an article about it.
Oh my god, that is what's really happening in this picture, it looks like she's wearing
cat ears and no pants.
Now, not completely naked because, you know, it's a PSP title, but yes, that's exactly
what happens.
They do have porn titles for PSP.
Yeah, but those are video titles, they're not actual game titles.
Well.
No, there's games.
They do not have fully-nude games on the PSP.
Trust me, I've looked.
The wife really wants one.
Well no, they sell them on J-list.
They're x-rated UMDs, that's what those are, but they don't have actual PSP games.
I mean, come on, this is Japan we're talking about, they're very conservative when it comes
to video games.
Uh-huh.
Alright, and then there's a few games that move into best hits on the PSP as well, including
FIFA Soccer 11 and Queen's Blade Spiral Chaos, but that does it for your Japanese releases.
Let's go to the UK.
In the UK.
Actually, as soon as I voice somebody in our chat room.
Okay, in the UK we have on the 17th Fallout New Vegas, Honest Hearts, and The Witcher
2, Assassins of Kings for PC, and a new beginning on the 20th, Dead or Alive Dimensions and
L.A. Noire.
And that's it.
Alright.
Couple news stories for you guys, and then the classic game of the week.
What will it be this week?
We'll find out in two more stories.
So Microsoft had some money to spend and, you know, what did they decide to do?
They bought Skype.
So they bought Skype for $8.5 billion, and apparently they're gonna be, um, you know,
Skype will be supported on Microsoft devices like the Xbox and Kinect, Windows Phone, and
an array of other Windows devices, and also, of course, they announced that, um, you know,
they'll still be supporting, you know, the platforms that it's on already, so, um, you
know, the PSP and whatnot.
And I guess this is also Skype users with Link, Outlook, and Xbox Live and other communities
will be able to connect with Skype as well, so that's kind of neat.
So I'm wondering now if we're gonna see, like, Windows with Skype, you know, built in as,
you know, like a default program and stuff like that, or, you know, why this thing is
kind of neat that they're gonna have Skype.
I wonder if they're gonna do, like, the Avatar Kinect with Skype.
Maybe.
Certainly this is gonna be coming to the 360 sooner rather than later.
I'm kind of surprised this isn't being rushed for the spring update, uh, because that's
a pretty big addition.
Like, I understand that, I guess right now, the Kinect video chat will work with Windows
Messenger, but I don't know anyone that uses Windows Messenger that's not also on an Xbox,
so I don't know.
But you know the interesting thing about this is we've been using Skype here at Orange
Lounge Radio since before podcasting.
I think we took our first Skype call probably in 03, however old Skype is, we were on that
really early.
So it's gonna be very, you know, we're pretty loyal to the program.
I mean, until it, I don't know, steals our credit card information or something, we're
not gonna go anywhere.
Until it out parties Caz.
Exactly.
I'm gonna be, it's gonna be very interesting because pretty soon we're gonna be able to
invite phone calls from people on their Kinects to chat with the show.
That's gonna be something.
That is pretty something, except the only problem is you still can't stream the show
onto the 360.
Not yet.
I wish there was something they would do about that.
Not unless, you know, you have, I don't, no, you can't do it through Pandora or last, was
it last FM that's on there or Pandora?
I can't remember.
Last FM's on there.
Last FM.
I don't think you can get it through there.
I mean, you could hook it up to a PC, but what's the point?
I mean, you know, if it's hooked up to a PC already, then you might as well just use the
PC.
Misty, who is one of our archive experts in our chat room says she knows we were taking
them at least by episode 111, uh, which would have been 04.
I'm pretty sure we were taking them before that, but yeah, so it was a while ago.
Anyhow, um, be very curious to see what this kind of all pans out to.
Do you think, a lot of people are saying they paid too much for Skype.
What do you think?
I don't know how much Skype is worth.
It's worth nothing to me.
I'm not paying for it.
Uh, yeah, I mean, Skype doesn't really do ads and they're free, you know, it's, it's,
they're going to have to add ads to it at some point I think, and I don't know how people
are going to feel about that.
Well, they have to have some, I mean, they're, they have, you know, the Skype out services
and stuff like that.
That's kind of neat, you know, um, and you know, if they're pushing the whole family
angle and stuff.
Hey, now you can call your friends on their phones and stuff like that or, I don't know.
Alright well, the Level Up event was held by Namco Bandai this week and we want to go
over some news from that event including, and this makes me very excited, a new Soul
Calibur game was announced and I love the Soul Calibur series.
So yeah, Soul Calibur 5 was announced this week, uh, that's pretty cool, that's going
to be happening.
Um, there was a little teaser trailer that was released, let me see if I can play a little
bit of it here in the studio.
Not a whole lot of characters showed up in there, but I think, like, nightmares in there
and apparently there's a new character named Patroclus who's supposed to be the son of
Sophitia and Rothian, so it could be interesting.
The game is going to be out in 2012 for the Xbox 360 and the Playstation 3.
It is set 17 years after the events of Soul Calibur 4.
So yeah, I guess there's going to be quite a bit of roster revision going on there.
Siegfried is also supposed to be in the game, uh, so, could be interesting.
Uh, trailer won't load for me right now, YouTube's being kind of dumpy, being very slow.
Has anyone else noticed that over the past few days, that it's just been running kind
of like crap?
Uncertain files, yeah.
Yeah.
So this is one of those certain files for sure.
So this trailer is more like the opening cutscene that you would see in the game, probably.
It doesn't really show a lot of gameplay.
It's your very typical announcement trailer, but, uh, I'm looking forward to it.
It's going to be awesome.
I hope you still get to, like, make your own character and all that stuff.
Yeah, I actually didn't play any of the make your own character ones.
Very interesting tweet that actually came out in response to this.
The game director Daishi Odoshima actually tweeted this.
I asked the company if we can call the game Soul Edge 2, but they said no.
So that might give you an idea about where this is going also, because remember the first
Soul Calibur game, if you will, was really Soul Edge.
Also news coming out of the event, Tekken Cross Street Fighter hasn't even started yet.
Keep in mind there's two games being made.
There's Street Fighter Cross Tekken and Tekken Cross Street Fighter.
Apparently Namco Bandai said they haven't even really started work on Tekken Cross Street
Fighter yet.
So yeah, interesting.
The quote from producer Katushiro Harada said, quote, we really haven't started on Tekken
Cross Street Fighter.
Things are going well with Street Fighter Cross Tekken and we'll have more on that at
E3.
We hope you look forward to that.
So I don't know, maybe they're spacing the games out a little bit.
Kind of interesting.
By the way, speaking of Street Fighter Cross Tekken, a new teaser came out for it this
week and it shows Kami.
So Kami will be in the game, which really doesn't surprise anyone, I'm sure.
Some other little bits and pieces that came out of that as well.
Ace Combat Assault Horizons coming out October 11th in the US and the 14th in Europe.
There's a new CG feature film based on Tekken called Tekken Blood Vengeance.
Tales of Graces and Tales of Abyss also coming out on the PS3 and the 3DS respectively.
And wait for it, Naruto Shippuden Ultimate Ninja Impact coming out on the PSP because
your life just wasn't complete without another Naruto game.
I also know your lives just aren't complete unless we do the segment here on the show
called the Classic Game of the Week.
Every week we take a trip down memory lane where Dark Sakura dives into the gaming vault
and finds a game that she thinks you kids need to be playing.
This is one some of you might remember.
This isn't too old.
No.
And funny enough, totally ironically, I had no idea Dark Sakura was going to pick this
game.
I was playing this last night.
Crazy.
Dark Sakura, what is the Classic Game of the Week?
Umjama-lami.
Umjama-lami.
Okay.
And I put in the one I thought was your favorite.
This is my favorite song in the soundtrack.
Anyway, Umjama-lami, yeah, and I did cover Parappa series, but I'm doing Umjama-lami
anyway.
I don't care.
Umjama-lami was put out by Nana On'Sha and Namco in the arcade, well Namco in the arcade.
Sorry the music died behind you.
It's just YouTube's failing us tonight.
Sorry guys.
It's being uber fail.
Um, at any rate, it came out in Japan on March 18th, 1999 and in North America on August
17th, 1999.
And yeah, it plays like Parappa, pretty much.
Um, Namco released the arcade version and it had a guitar controller so that, um, you
could get the sensation of playing a guitar.
I mean, it's very similar to Guitar Freaks.
We've seen one of these machines, remember?
I do.
I do remember the machine.
I had to like get on my knees to play it.
Get your minds out of the gutter, people.
It was made for kids and I'm a little tall.
Anyway, it's like a Simon Says sort of thing, so, you know, they, their characters will
do something and then you do something and you have to basically repeat whatever it tells
you to do.
And so through the game, you have a Chop Chop Master Onion from Parappa and that's where
you get Dojo Casino.
It's all in the mind.
And she goes, yeah, my guitar is in my mind.
And then, um, but the whole thing is basically Lammy trying to get to her concert with her
group Milk Can at the Chop Chop Master Arena.
And so she has to put out a fire and babysit babies with Kathy Pillar, which is a song,
and then fly an airplane and then chop down a tree to make a new guitar.
And then she actually, um, well, gets sent to an island, but in the Japanese version,
she's actually, she actually dies and goes to hell.
And I found a movie file of that to play for everybody.
Oh, that's my cue, isn't it?
Sorry.
Yes, it is, Rob.
Here we go.
And this is where Rob stops texting on his iPhone.
Hold on.
Let me bring this up.
Here, you can have this too.
Distortion.
Thank you.
Two more minutes and I'm history.
She's running in front of traffic.
These interludes were so bad.
So it's not the banana peel that PJ Berry is eating the bananas.
Cracks her head and dies.
Stupid PJ Berry.
Stupid fat bear.
Phew.
It was a dream.
Am I dead?
No, bitch.
You're 2D.
Is this hell?
That's what I think every time I show up to this show, too.
What a stupid game.
And then the credits roll.
This is great.
And then she goes on stage with, uh, Teriyaki Yoko.
Yeah, and that whole thing was cut out of the U.S. version.
Yeah, they had her showing up on a desert island.
And so it went into the whole Vital Idol song.
And where she gets faxed back to life instead of teleported via fax from the island.
So yeah.
Um, now I will tell you something, because I'll tell you why I picked this, is that Dan
and I discussed this today.
And I was saying how I had a demo disc of this, and it had all of the stuff in the game
just locked out.
And it had the original, you know, because in Time Trap Master Onion's song it said,
you could play in hell and go far.
And it's on the demo disc, not on, anyway, but all this was left in in Europe and Japan.
But in the U.S. people had to get a stick up their butt and have her go to an island.
So anyway, um, you have four different ranks, you have good, you have bad, and you have
awful, and if you get a little awful, then your song ends.
And the quality of the music changes also with each, each one too.
But now you can also get cool, and so you basically freestyle unless you, uh, really
screw up.
But if you keep cool by the end of the song, you'll get a cool ending to the level.
And, but if it flashes good, then you go back into normal play.
Like, uh, for this one, you know, if you get cool, then Terry Akioka goes, okay, you can
go by yourself, and then you're in this tunnel.
But if, uh, you, you drop back down to good, he goes, okay, well you need me after all.
But you also get different, um, uh, morphers to your sound.
You get a flanger, you get a harmonizer, you get the wah-wah, you get distortion and a
reverb.
And then there are actually some different, uh, items that you get, like, in order, it's
a fire siren, a caterpillar rattle, um, Captain Fuss and Pepper's false teeth, who was the,
uh, head-banging pilot in, uh, I think stage four.
Uh, you get-
Oh god, I love that stage.
Can I play that music?
Sure.
That music was awesome.
You know, I could never beat that unless I did it cool.
Really?
That level?
Uh-huh.
But I could always get it to go cool.
That's a trap level.
This person's going for cool, too, so, anyhow.
Yeah.
Um, and so you also got, um, like, a, uh, a thievertime, so that if, you know, when
you enter a level after it's been completed, it brings up a chocolate screen with symbols,
and if you input everything in the right order, when the level is cool, the screen goes really
crazy, and symbols fly all over the place, and then you can hit those buttons repeatedly
and get uber points.
So yeah, the, um, the arcade version was called Um Jammer Lamy Now, and it had a guitar controller,
and it had, um, the buttons for triangle, circle, x, and square are strummers in the
middle of the guitar, and the L button is a slider at the top of the guitar, and there's
a scratch disk at the bottom, um, that's, instead of the R button, and, but it's really
the same as the, uh, home version, and there, uh, is, uh, an ability to play with Parappa
in that, too.
So you've got Lamy mode, and then you have your co-op, which is Lamy and Ramy, who is
the dark version of Lamy, then you have versus, which is Lamy versus Ramy, you have solo Parappa,
you have Lamy and Parappa, and then you have, um, versus Lamy and Parappa, and then you
have a special mode.
So, um, it's, uh, basically you can just listen to any of the songs in good, bad, awful, or
cool mode, and, of course, you could also do that if you had the PSX play a little program
and could rip all your files, but, uh, I digress.
So, um, you also had, uh, yeah, like I said, there were the, the changes.
Now, I, I brought up the hell changes, um, but for, uh, Paul Chuck in stage five, instead
of chopping trees down for the fun, it was changed knowing that we're here for the fun,
and then, of course, Terry Akioko, like I said, and, uh, Lamy is actually wearing a
camouflage t-shirt and, uh, has jungle makeup to show that she's in the jungle, ooh, and
then, um, also, uh, this, the scene before stage seven has Catty Cat and Masan riding
a camel, and, uh, the ending credits is, uh, an instrumental version of Keep Your Head
Up, and then Chop Chop Master Onion's music was, of course, changed.
The demo, like I said, has everything in it, and then there was, uh, there was three soundtracks
came out, one called Make It Sweet, which is all the music done by Milk Can, and, uh,
there was called Ice Cream, which was remixed versions of the songs, and then, um, and that
was with, uh, Dread Fox's Parappa, and then the whole original soundtrack, which I've
got somewhere.
So yeah, the game is super awesome, it's super fun, and, uh, it's, uh, really great, but
I still think it's stupid that they had to change it.
In fact, uh, Game Vortex, uh, criticized it, and I think this is the best way of saying
something that said it was an unfortunate thing, and said, did I miss some logical leap?
I think our kids can handle such a basic concept as hell.
The end.
Alright, there it is, your classic game of the week, Umm Jamma Lemmy.
You know, and I was none the wiser when I first played this game, because, you know,
I wasn't really following the import gaming scene, you know.
See, I had bought a certain game, actually, it was at Anime Expo, and I talked my way
into a demo disc, because I was so excited about this game.
Nice.
Alright.
Well, there it is, your classic game of the week, uh, anyhow, we, uh, are gonna take a
quick break here live, but don't go anywhere, guys.
We got plenty more to come in Part B tonight, including some other new game announcements.
Uh, in rapid fire news tonight, uh, a big arcade collection's been announced, also,
uh, a big popular beta has been announced for later this year, it's gonna be huge.
Uh, also we're gonna get into some more lawsuits in Part B, some Portal 2 news, and, uh, yeah,
some more, uh, localization, or maybe not, just, uh, unlocalized games that you can still
buy locally.
That'll make sense in a little bit.
Anyhow, we're gonna take a break, but stay tuned, guys, we'll be back with more of Orange
Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live with our 413th episode on this Sunday, May the 15th of 2011, and of course,
we do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the
Bobby Black Wolf show at AllGames.com.
So we're just coming out on a music break, and some discussions there in Part A about,
uh, PlayStation Network, of course, coming back online, although, I don't know, it's
still a little spotty for some people.
Monster World 4 getting a localization finally, and of course the big story this week about
Microsoft buying Skype.
Uh, I noticed in studio here that Loki is playing Portal 2.
It looks very nice on your laptop, I gotta say, the graphics for that are, uh, pretty
smooth.
You must have a pretty powerful little laptop there, I didn't realize.
Yes, I do.
Nice.
So, are you enjoying the game so far?
Yeah.
I'm not too far into it, from what I can tell, so, awesome.
Even though you had the ending ruined for you already, but that's alright.
I haven't had it ruined a long time ago.
You kinda like the spoiler stuff anyway, so, usually.
Yeah, I don't care.
Alright, uh, we don't just do Orange Lounge Radio, all of us hosts here, we do have some
side projects, we usually like to take this opportunity to plug those projects.
If you enjoy Orange Lounge Radio, you might enjoy these other great shows.
Dark Sakura?
I do Comic Insanity with, uh, Tiara, also known as Mara & Marvel, and Dan Shadow, and
we have a new one coming up on Tuesday with our new format, where we introduce a few new
segments and, uh, condense a couple other segments, so it's new stuff.
But you can find us at Infamous.net, N-F-A-M-O-U-S, and you can also find us on Twitter at Comic
Insanity, with no I.
Alright.
Well, uh, my podcast that I do with my buddy, Extafur, The Best Little Horde House in Azeroth,
about all things World of Warcraft, we're not having a format switch this week, but
I believe we're having Dark Sakura on as our guest this week, so that'll be exciting.
Hopefully.
Yep.
So, uh, yeah, you can check that out, www.hordehouse.com for more information about our little program
there, uh, where we talk about the World of Warcraft, but never too seriously, because
I'll tell you what, I've been kind of a jaded Warcraft player lately, so I have not been
the most happy-go-lucky about the game.
And I know everybody's like, well then quit, asshole!
But uh, I've got too many friends that play, and how would I slay internet dragons without
my wow?
Anyhow, uh, more talk about World of Warcraft on that show.
Fap, fap, fap, fap, fap, fap, fap, fap, fap, fap, fap, fap, fap, fap, fap, fap, fap, fap,
fap, fap, fap, fap, fap, fap.
I do not fap to Warcraft.
Although, apparently, I don't wanna give too much away, but apparently Extafur's been playing
on a server notorious for the fap chat, and uh, he's gonna give us a report on that this
week, so that should be exciting.
As a role-player, you're gonna really look forward to that, huh, Dar Sakura?
Oh, baby.
Alright, anyhow, let's get into some rapid-fire news, some quick stuff.
There was a lot of little stories this week that unfortunately the PlayStation Network
was kind of dominating over, but let's get to it.
Loki, some quick stuff.
And oh, by the way, your Twitter topic's coming up after this.
If you haven't gotten your tweets in, you got like two minutes to do it, twitter.com
slash o-l-r.
Including one item that actually will be played on the PlayStation Network, Starhawk.
It is the new, I guess, more futuristic sequel to Warhawk.
That'll be coming soon, hopefully.
I'm sure it's gonna be something they show off at E3, and been teased for a while.
I even think there's some assets or something that leaked out about it.
But apparently, oh, next year is when it's due out.
It'll be the same kind of format as Warhawk was.
They even promised space battles at some point.
Not sure how that's gonna really work, but also a single player story mode, and a build
and battle system will be coming to it as well.
So, if you like that game, you may wanna check it out.
I know that the original game's really cheap right now, so if you wanna check that out,
it might be worth it.
And then, of course, yes, the developers of Splosion Man comes Splosion, Ms. Splosion Man.
And of course, not to pass up capitalizing on what might be an internet sensation, 2G1C.
Some people may think Two Girls, One Cup, but no, Two Girls, One Controller.
So in this game mode, you'll- I try not to think about Two Girls, One Cup ever.
Yeah.
Thanks, Loki.
Two Girls, One Controller, it's a different mode that's gonna be in the game.
You're actually gonna control each one of the Ms. Splosion Men with one analog stick
on the controller, and you would detonate them with the trigger buttons, I believe.
So that's interesting.
I don't know how that'll play, but it's something that they're throwing in that you can try
out.
And then finally, as I was mentioning earlier, of course, the new update coming out for the
Xbox 360.
It's gonna reflash those people that had modified firmwares on their DVD drives.
Well, to combat that, of course, people out there have tools to get around things, and
one hacker or tool maker, I guess, Electron, has released E-Tool version 0.2.
It is a new tool for extracting and injecting the key from the light-on fat drives that
were flashed with the new firmware by the Beta Dash.
So because those firmwares, once they get flashed, it's unable to be read by popular
programs like the Jungle Flasher and stuff like that.
So now this program will actually read the keys from that, and it will also reflash the
drives for you.
So I have a feeling that this new format that they're gonna be putting out there will get
bypassed very quickly.
In fact, I have a feeling it will be bypassed within a month.
That's probably being very generous.
And then, yeah, that's it.
All right.
So do you think that hack poses a pretty serious threat to all the researchers?
Well, it's one of many.
I mean, Commodore Forever, they're working on a new firmware for all drives, actually,
and I believe that already is almost done.
They're just doing some further testing with the new XG, what is it, the XG-D3 format.
So I'm assuming, though, that that's probably gonna be bypassed.
Then there's also the X360 key, which is supposed to be coming out at some point.
That's gonna emulate the drive altogether, and that, I think, is the worst threat they
could possibly have, because right there, that's playing game ISOs off of a hard drive
without needing to really modify your system.
It's plug-and-play.
You just plug it in between your drive and the system.
All right.
Well, let's move on to some other games coming out this year that, oh my gosh, this one is
highly anticipated, and I say this year as I hope it comes out this year, although they
haven't really said.
Diablo 3, I know a lot of people are looking forward to this, apparently, the internal
company-wide testing has begun, the internal testing process for Diablo 3.
According to Mike Morheim, who's the Blizzard CEO, or I guess he's the guy in charge over
there, he's saying the game looks great.
We are currently targeting a quarter-three launch for external beta testing.
Awesome.
They are working to get the game out before 2012, but no promises as of yet.
Also, in regards to Diablo 3, apparently there was a promotional video that showed up on
the internet.
It did finally go official, but it wasn't supposed, I think this was leaked early from
the Korean side of Blizzard Entertainment.
There's a new follower system in Diablo 3.
You actually hire characters to help you out in the game.
This kind of sounds inspired by Torchlight, actually, because you can kind of have the
pet in one of the classes, you can get all these little demon followers, pretty cool.
But these followers will actually be in different classes, Enchantress, Scoundrel, Templars.
You're gonna be able to give these guys weapons, rings, and you'll even be able to give them
their own skills.
Yeah, this really sounds like the pets from Torchlight, but maybe a little more fleshed
out.
So that's pretty exciting.
Dark Souls, this game is gonna be hard as hell.
It's gonna come out October 11th, of course, this is the unofficial, well, I shouldn't
say unofficial, but the, don't call it a sequel, but it is to Demon's Souls, which was one
of those hard as hell games on the PlayStation 3.
One of the best, hands down, PlayStation 3 exclusive games.
Dark Souls is gonna be coming out on October 11th.
Even though there's been the PlayStation Network outages and so forth, that's not gonna stop
them.
But Kai Hirono, who's the producer of the game, spoke with CVG saying that the outage
caused, quote, some problems for the development, but that the team is, quote, in contact with
Sony and is aiming to meet a street date of October 11th.
Well, it's nice that Sony's talking to some of their people.
And also, finally, from me tonight, oh God, it's taken only 413 episodes of Orange Lounge
Radio, but finally, I get to report on a story about Lady Gaga.
Yay!
And yes, it reports, I'm sorry, it relates to gaming.
That's right, Lady Gaga is coming to, I can't believe I'm gonna say this either, Farmville.
Oh, I saw the ads for that.
Yeah, Lady Gaga and Zynga a while ago had this whole donation for Japanese disaster
relief going on, and I guess that partnership has grown into the May 17th opening of Gagaville.
It is going to be a neighbor to Farmville.
It's gonna feature unicorns, crystals, and your chance to listen to new tracks from the
album Born This Way.
Apparently, you're gonna get, like, download vouchers for the album with $25 gift cards,
a word with friends contest to get exclusive DACA merchandise, and so forth.
Kind of interesting.
At first, I kind of looked at this and I was like, oh God, really, this is so gross.
I'm gonna have to go and play Farmville again if I want to hear new Gaga songs.
Like fuck you, Lady Gaga, I don't want to do this.
But then I kind of thought about it and I'm like, actually, considering that Gaga's fan
base is a lot of, let's face it, losers, fuck you, middle aged to teenage girls, and who's
playing mostly Farmville?
Middle aged to teenage girls.
So whereas I'm not super excited about this, like, they're targeting the right audience.
So it is really smart marketing.
Of course, just as a person who's not a big fan of Zynga products, I'm not that excited,
but I get it.
She was on American Idol the other day and I just, I don't get it.
I really don't understand the appeal of her and I have no appeal of her as a person, her
as an artist, her music.
It's just, it's seriously lost on me.
I think her music's very catchy.
That's what it's all about.
And I think she's a very genuine person from her interviews and so forth.
She's genuine.
Yeah, I understand.
I mean, yes, there's a lot of marketing machine behind it, yes, but I, she's a living, breathing
piece of art.
That's how I see her, but that's okay if you don't get it.
Art is meant to be interpreted in many different ways.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
Being as strange as possible is not art.
How fucking cra- What's your excuse?
How fucking crazy can I be?
Well, hey, I'm not fucking calling what I do art, but seriously, if anyone calls it-
I just keep thinking of Eddie Izzard now.
It was like, I'm going to put poop on my head and sell myself to an art gallery.
Yes, I'm waiting for the full fecal suit from, you know, Lady Gaga, because it's, it's,
it's on its way.
That's the path that she is traveling.
Maybe when she's in the retirement home, 50 years from now, she'll be wearing a poop suit.
Please.
It's just gonna be, I don't know, she'll have, uh, she'll make, like, some sort of suit out
of some sort of dinosaur fossil, come out there, you know, calling like an eagle or
something like that, take a giant dump on stage, roll around in it, and set herself
on fire.
Boom!
Lady Gaga concert!
Next year!
Okay?
Alright, look, I can't believe I'm about to say this, but this is too much Lady Gaga chat
for our show, so let's move on with some more gaming news.
Do you, do you never saw the link I sent, the two links I sent you?
What's that?
Well, you know, I keep up with the, uh, gal fashion, and one of the companies that I like
their clothes is actually Lady Gaga's working with one of the men's styles to release a
bunch of t-shirts.
I get all my news from the Fuck Yeah Lady Gaga Tumblr.
Anyhow.
And I sent you paper dolls.
Let's move on.
More gaming news.
Okay, well, how about Angry Birds?
It's on Chrome OS and the Chrome browser.
You can actually, uh, play it, um, now, apparently.
Um, it's free to play, has microtransactions, but the, uh, web-exclusive ones have Chrome
bombs, and exclusive Chrome levels, and the paper use Mighty Eagle.
Yeah, don't care.
What, Rob?
So I'm just reading our chatroom chat.orangelandraday.com.
Tiger Claw says, doing OLR should be considered an art form.
And Salacious Pop says, OMG Lady Gaga channeling GG Allen.
He did all those, or maybe Alin, I don't know this artist, but he did all of those things
that Loki just, he did all those things that Loki just said, by the way, including the
fire in the poop.
Yeah.
So it's already been done, Loki, so I can't do it.
I'm sorry.
How about gaming?
Yes.
Minecraft stuff.
Uh, basically the creator, um, Marcus Pearson, is, uh, has a poll on his blog about Minecraft
Con, seeing if people would be interested in attending it in Las Vegas, so there is
a, uh, a no and a yes, and so far no is winning, so.
I will be bringing a bunch of blocks to put in front of the door to trap everyone in Minecraft
Con.
I'm looking at this screen capture from, I'm guessing, from Minecraft, and it looks completely,
these people have too much damn time.
So how about Mortal Kombat?
Yeah, I don't know, I think Minecraft Con's not a terrible idea, because hell, they have
cons for people that dress up like furry animals, so, you know, if the furries can have their
con, you know.
Mortal Kombat Collection will be, the original trilogy will be going on the Xbox Live Arcade
and the Playstation Network, and, of course, Collection is spelled with a K, and it will
also be on PC for 800 Microsoft points.
Does Lady Gaga have a convention?
Would it be called Gaga for GagaCon?
Perhaps.
I know Cher has a convention, did I ever tell you about that story?
I was in, uh, LA, I was in Woodland Hills specifically for work, doing some stuff down
there, and, uh, I was staying at a hotel, and I get in this elevator with literally
fifteen people all decked out in Cher shirts and concert, and I was kinda like, oh, is
Cher in town?
They're like, no, there's a Cher convention going on here at the hotel.
And I'm like, oh.
Is she here?
And they're like, no, she's in France.
Like, oh.
But she sent a video or something like that.
If I could turn back time.
I literally walked into a Cher convention, and despite what you may think about homosexuals,
I'm not, like, screaming, ah, for Cher.
Like, she's cool.
I think she's pretty fierce.
I wonder what's the show about Chaz.
I don't, yeah, I don't really follow the Cher stuff, but my mother loves Cher.
I got dragged to a Cher concert by my mother.
Rob.
I just love Cher.
She's so funny.
She's such a diva, Rob.
I like your mom.
I want your mom to adopt me.
I can't believe she's younger than me, though.
All right, anyhow, um, oh yeah, Mortal Kombat Collection, sounds great.
If we didn't already have Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3 on Xbox Live Arcade and Mortal Kombat
2 on PlayStation Network.
But then they stopped selling 3 or something?
They did.
Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3 was delisted some time ago.
Yeah, it was delisted after they decided, hey, we're gonna re-release it again.
Haha.
All right.
Anyhow, Rama in our chatroom says, Gaga convention?
It's called the West Village, Rob.
So noted.
I would like to pick up that whole Mortal Kombat with the new arcade stick they're gonna
put out, though, because Mortal Kombat 2 especially was so awesome, especially with the real stick.
Well, they were, whatever happened to, they were supposed to be putting out an HD collection
or something like that on the PlayStation 3, it's gonna be all the Mortal Kombat games,
like, re-done.
I think that's this.
But this isn't this, or this isn't that.
It's basically just, hey, look, we're porting the shit straight over, we're not doing anything
to it.
Then they decide, hey, you know what?
They decide to put out some poop and set it on fire.
It's too much work to actually do something, let's just re-release the old shit.
Alright.
Let's go to some Twitter.
Let's do the Nintendo way.
Let's go to the tweets, twitter.com slash olr, tweet, tweet, tweet.
Every week you guys tweet us and we read your tweets, unless you're gonna tweet something
that we're gonna talk about on the show in about 30 minutes, anyway.
I'mNotBenji sends us a tweet, well then who are you?
Sends us a tweet saying, can I pre-F you?
If so, F you to being at a place tonight where I can't listen to OLR.
That is screwed up, F that.
I would say though, just a tip, if you are a smartphone owner, especially like the iPhones,
I'm not sure how well this works on Android and the other stuff, because I'm an iPhone
owner, but allgames.com runs on HTML5, so you can actually get the feed by just going
to allgames.com on your iPhone or whatever, so just saying, just for future reference.
BobbyBlackWolf tweeted us that he has now sent the best email ever.
I'm looking forward to it.
FunnyTman tweets us saying, this is a fun little Metroidvania type game I found.
So I'm going to the link here, it's IndieGames.com, and the game is called Hydra Castle Labyrinth
Buster.
Oh, maybe that's the author, I don't know, but Hydra Castle Labyrinth.
It's a freeware 2D platformer created by E. Hashimoto, who made Akuji the Demon and Guardian
of Paradise.
It's similar to La Mulana, and the Castlevania series.
The health gauge and sub weapon indicator are both displayed on the top left corner
of the screen.
Hydra Castle Labyrinth you can download from Buster's site, hp.vector.code.jp.
This sounds pretty cool, and it's only 1.25 megs.
I will kindly link this in our chat room, so if you guys want to check that out, there
you go.
Enjoy.
It sounds like Dark Tetsuya has already played it, I'm so not surprised.
Alright.
Sj100matt tweets us a couple things, one of them is coming up a little later in the show,
but the other one I want to mention is, with arcades being closed down, a new video game
themed lounge has opened up in Las Vegas, looks nice.
You know, I heard there's a new arcade in San Francisco as well, and I can't remember
for the life of me what the name is.
Maybe somebody in chat won't figure it out for me, but there's a new arcade in San Francisco
I think, I haven't been to yet.
And now apparently there's this place called Insert Coins in Las Vegas, it's a video lounge
game bar.
Yeah, I remember seeing that.
Huh, that sounds kind of neat.
It will, according to the website here that I'm on right now, Insert Coins will electrify
all your senses with its revolutionary amalgamation of classic arcades, ultra lounge service,
console video gaming, and the world's greatest video DJs, all under its 7,000 square foot
roof, nestled in the iconic neon-laden Fremont East District of Las Vegas.
That actually sounds kind of awesome, I got to say.
It sounds like it's video games meets booze meets loud music.
Sounds awesome.
Maybe this type of shit's ready to make a resurgence.
That's kind of what I'm hoping.
Like, you know, I got to say, when I went to Portland, one of the most awesome places
I went to was the barcade that they had there, and I apologize, I forget the name of it,
but it's-
Ground control.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Dan's yelling at it from the other room.
Ground control.
Yeah, that place was- isn't that place fucking rad, Dan?
Oh, God, Dan, you got to go.
Oh my God, it's beer and 80s games.
All right, Dan says road trip.
We might just have to.
It's awesome.
So, anyhow, you know, it's a bummer you're starting school that week, because before
we go to LA, we could go to Portland and go to ground control.
You know, yeah, screw Dark Sakura.
You and I'll go, Dan.
Hey.
Dan and I are going to go on a bro trip.
Dan's yelling from the kitchen.
What's the first gayest thing you've ever done?
It'll be the second gayest thing-
Oh, yeah.
This is horrible radio, because they can't hear you.
We need to have a boom mic in the kitchen just for Dan.
Dan, get in here and do a report.
Dan said the first gayest thing he did was play rock band at Matt's party.
Let me move on to some more tweets.
Spazinator PSN tweets us saying PlayStation Network is down again as of 9 p.m. Eastern,
6 p.m. Pacific.
And I was like, well, wait a minute, Spazinator.
Maybe you just need to try it four times before you get in, like I had to do earlier.
But I'm looking at the official PlayStation blog.
Guess what?
We are currently experiencing an extremely heavy load of password resets.
And so we recently had to turn off services for approximately 30 minutes to clear the
queue.
As such, a large number of people are attempting to change their passwords at the same time.
It's taking longer than expected for all those emails to clear all of the ISPs.
So yep, not even 24 hours after it came back up, PlayStation Network had to go back down.
And that's all I'm going to say about that.
What a whore.
More tweets for, what, did you call it a whore?
Exactly.
Had to go back down.
Hey, Tiger Claw sends us a couple tweets.
Oops, I guess I just reported on one of them.
But I'll read this other one about the Sony Online Entertainment Senior Producer is now
the Zynga Austin GM.
That's John Blakely.
He did some projects including Star Wars Galaxies and DC Universe Onlines.
Now he's leading Zynga in Austin.
So he went from the dark side to the darker side.
All from his LinkedIn profile.
Let's see.
Candied Critique sends us a tweet saying, someone makes Counter-Strike, Osama compound
map.
Yay or nay?
I thought something like this we had discussed on the show this week.
And this isn't all too surprising.
Give a bunch of gamers a blank palette and controversial things are sure to be made everywhere
from nude patches to overly violent things to real life scenarios that may or may not
be kind of tacky playing out.
So yeah, we get linked to this article here about the Pakistani compound where Osama bin
Laden of course, I mean unless you've been living under a fucking rock, was found and
killed by US Navy Seals, is now a playable mod in, what is this, Counter-Strike.
Oh great.
So I can go into Counter-Strike and play this game.
Not only can I play real life news, but I can get called every name in the book while
doing it because Counter-Strike has a really rude online community, just so you know.
Lastly, here's a question for the host.
I like these tweets.
They're questions for the host.
That's what this really should all be about, but here you go.
TheBaconBits tweets us, IDK if it's been asked before, but what is your guys' favorite game
soundtrack of all time?
Personally, mine is the SMG OST, I'm assuming that means Super Mario Galaxy OST.
BaconBits asking, what is your favorite game soundtrack of all time?
Dark Sakura?
Uh, I...
I...
I...
I...
I...
I...
I...
I...
I...
I...
I...
I...
I...
I...
I...
Um, I don't know.
It would have to be kind of a tossup between, um, well I did like, I listened the crap out
of the Dance Dance Revolution 4th Mix soundtrack when that was out because I actually bought
that at Anime Convention, which is pretty awesome, and then I'd say it's either between
4th, 5th, Max, 2, or DJ Hero 1, because DJ Hero 2 is kind of dumb.
Um, as tempted as I am to throw in a Bamani soundtrack like DDR 3rd Mix, probably my favorite
soundtrack ever, or BeatMania 2DX Fist Style, honestly, I go to the Super Nintendo and there's
three games on the Super Nintendo that for me all kind of tie, maybe one slightly ahead
for first place.
Actually, I'm going to add Super Metroid to that one.
Super Metroid would be on my top three, absolutely, Final Fantasy 6, 3, whatever you want to call
it, would also be up there, but I think just the slight edge, I think probably the greatest
video game soundtrack ever made, Actraiser.
I love the Actraiser soundtrack, it is beautiful, gorgeous music.
You know what actually I'd have to add to my list would be Chrono Trigger.
Oh, Chrono Trigger's got a pretty fucking sweet soundtrack.
Linked to a pass is pretty awesome too.
I'm gonna find my favorite piece of music in Chrono Trigger and send it to you to play.
Alright you do that.
But maybe next week during the break, we're out of music breaks tonight.
Alright, that's going to do it for the tweets, twitter.com slash olr if you want to get in
early for next week.
In the meantime, more news, and oh boy, it's the lawsuit segment time.
Yay!
Yay!
This is retarded, but a former Navy- Now, Loki, don't use the R word.
You can say butt-tarded.
It's retarded.
Say gay-tarded, because it's doubly offensive.
No, it's retarded.
Former Navy pilot John Ryan McLaughlin, he is suing Bethesda, because he says that Elder
Scrolls IV Oblivion gave him a grand mal seizure that cost him his flight status.
It was his first seizure he had ever had, and it was violent enough to break a bone,
and I guess he's permanently barred from flying the F-18 planes, which he was trained on.
And he's suing them because he says Oblivion was designed that it exceeds the upper acceptable
limit of more than three flashes over one second period, as well as an acceptable spatial
pattern and luminance flash limits.
These risks were not made known to the plaintiff and or ordinary customer prior to the time
of purchase.
Bullshit, they're in the manual.
Every fucking manual has a goddamn epilepsy warning in it.
So I'm sorry, that is some serious bullshit right there.
Anyways, he wants damages for negligence, breach of warranty, and product liability.
He's gonna lose.
But yeah, every goddamn manual, and fuck, every goddamn manual since games had manuals,
have had that warning in there.
I think like from the Nintendo, well I'm sure they've had manuals for games before that,
but Nintendo I think was one of the first series of games or whatever that had manuals
that had that warning in there because I always thought it was ridiculous, but I mean people
have seizures because of flashing lights sometimes, but I'm sorry, just take some responsibility
for yourself.
Yeah, it sucks that you can't fly anymore, but you know what, if you had this problem
to begin with and this game set it off, then it's probably a good thing that you're not
flying a plane.
I mean seriously, oh he didn't realize he had seizure problems or whatever and something
flashes and he crashes the damn plane into an orphanage.
I don't remember there being an amazing seizure mode in Oblivion either, you know it wasn't
like that Pokemon cartoon from years ago where it flashed the red and blue rapidly that kind
of caused all those kids to have seizures, I don't, like, you know Oblivion's been out
for a long time now too, you know, but I think seizures are an unfortunate side effect to
gaming in general for some people, you know, unfortunately some people have to really watch
the video games they play.
For example, Dark Sakura has talked openly on the show about how she can't play first
person shooters very long, she gets motion sick, you know.
I have thrown up, Portal 2 made me throw up.
You have to control yourself, you know, and unfortunately some people have limits and
you gotta, you know, control those limits.
You can't-
Turn the brightness down on your TV when you play Oblivion or something, you know.
You can't blame a game for a problem that clearly existed before that.
If other, okay, you've got person A who has zero inclination towards epilepsy, and you've
got person B who doesn't know they have any inclination towards epilepsy, but they do.
And you sit them both in front of the same product, well of course the one who has the
inclination, whether they know about it or not, is going to react to it.
It's like how I found out I was allergic to bell peppers.
I didn't know.
My mom eats them.
I ate a bell pepper, my tongue swelled up, and I got sick.
Yeah.
You know.
And besides that, they're nasty.
BlackWolf in our chatroom at chat.orangelandtrader.com says, at least he got the seizure while playing
a video game rather than well flying.
Yeah, so like I said, yeah, would you rather he be flying a plane and, you know, get a
seizure than crash into, I don't know, an orphanage, orphanage, a mall, and-
Would you rather be-
Children.
Children.
For dead.
Well, let's talk about another lawsuit and this one, oh boy.
This is a lawsuit against Chuck E. Cheese.
Is it for the fact that they got rid of all their good arcade games?
Because I wanted to join in on that one.
Actually sort of.
It's a lawsuit against the ticket dispensing games at Chuck E. Cheese because it creates
gambling addiction in little children.
A lawsuit has been filed in California.
They're looking for five million dollars.
The person who filed the lawsuit, Denise Keller.
She's a mom, two girls, five and three.
Chuck E. Cheese's arcade games are akin to slot machines, says the complaint.
By offering tickets as a payout that can be redeemed for prizes, the machines, quote,
create the same highs and lows experienced by adults who gamble their paychecks or the
mortgage payment.
The lawyer says, it's not about the money, it's about the kids.
Right.
California law forbids gambling.
That's only like partially true because I can think of poker rooms out in Rancho Cordova,
which is an incorporated city.
And I can think of Indian casinos not far up the free with Thunder Valley, not that
far up 80, Red Hawk, not that far up 50.
And fuck, Reno is only like two hours away.
I mean, if California bans gambling, I get it.
The Indian casinos are on Indian land.
I understand that.
And the California lottery?
Yeah, the lottery.
So they don't ban gambling that well, you know what I mean?
But anyhow, it does make an exception for payouts if the contest is predominantly a
game of skill, which as you know, these crane games and skeeball games and so forth, they
are of course mainly games of skill.
Well that's awesome that those, well I don't know if it's really awesome.
It's tragic that that three and five year old are spending their hard-earned mortgage
payments and their paychecks that they get for doing what?
Coloring well?
I mean, seriously, it's the parent that's taking them to Chuck E. Cheats.
It's the parent giving them money to spend money on these games.
I don't understand.
I don't even understand the problem here.
I actually would take an unpopular opinion somewhat with this and say she actually kind
of has a point with this whole thing.
I do think this is probably not healthy for all children, but at the same time, why sue
Chuck E. Cheese over it?
That's ridiculous because you absolutely have the right to not go there.
And you know what?
I bet if enough people didn't go to Chuck E. Cheese and didn't go to have their birthday
parties at Chuck E. Cheese and let their kids have birthday parties there, they would probably
have to get rid of these machines or the company would go bankrupt or maybe they'd go back
to having legitimate arcade games.
I don't know.
I want to know why, you know, all of these, because ticket redemption games have been
around forever since I was a little kid.
Right.
It's not forever.
Don't say that.
Anyway.
Um, but why is it that we're just now getting somebody complaining about it?
I really don't get it, especially when everybody else seems to be just fine with it.
People can get addicted to anything.
I'm not finished.
Sorry.
Thank you.
The, the whole point is that it's a parenting issue.
You don't want your kids to participate in something.
You don't take them there or you don't let them play it.
Um, Salacious Pop in our chat room says many ticket games are a test of skill.
Some ticket games are goddamn bullshit.
Agreed.
Uh, The Legend of Zaku says, remember kids, America equals Sue the bastard's land.
You know, he kind of has a point.
I almost see she's teaching these kids a worse lesson by going through with this lawsuit.
This is my opinion.
Well, that's the way it is now.
If people find an opportunity to make money, they're going to gamble their chances and
do it.
I mean, it's all it.
People can make the argument that they can be addicted to anything.
So, so we get rid of everything because that's really what it's going to come down to.
You get rid of these ticket redemption games, they're going to say, oh, well, I'm addicted
to winning at arcade games.
Then you get rid of the arcade games.
Well, oh, well, I'm addicted to, uh, I don't know, um, riding in a little motorized cars
that they have at, you know, Chuck E. Cheese or something like that.
Well, then we got to get rid of those too.
Oh, well, now I'm addicted to eating pizza.
Let's get rid of pizza.
Where does it stop?
I mean, it's just people are going to be finding anything to sue over.
And this, unfortunately, is the latest in many, I'm sure lawsuits that are going to
be in our legal system forever.
We've already had this regarding casinos.
We've already had it regarding online gaming, you know, just put it this way, people, it's
like you're saying, people do have addictive personalities.
The thing exists.
Everyone's going to have their crack, whether it's, you know, watching Monday night football,
ooh, or, you know, people get obsessed about things that they're into.
It's just a matter of teaching people to control themselves.
And quite honestly, if a person can't control themselves, well, that's not my problem.
Why should my life be affected by that?
God forbid the kids have fun playing a game, you know?
Oh, hey, let's try to earn some tickets to go get a prize.
Oh, that's just blasphemy.
Why are we letting these kids, you know, get addicted to getting tickets?
They're not getting addicted to getting tickets to her kids.
They're having fun.
If they have a problem, they're like, Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, I need you to take me back and
go get more tickets so I can get a bigger prize.
Well, then know what you do, you say, no, I'm not fucking taking you back to get more
tickets.
And if they cry and have a tantrum, then you give them a time out or you spank them.
Is it seriously that terrible to parent your child?
I mean, shit, I know as being a parent, it's not that hard to say no.
And not only a parent, a Mensa member.
That doesn't mean it's a smart thing to do, right, Logie?
This is what smart people do.
I can't say that Akuma JP in our chat, literally, I cannot say that because you can literally
get kicked out of Mensa for saying as a Mensa member, I really, yes.
Oh my God.
Can I just lie?
It's not a tangent here.
Can I lie and say I'm a Mensa member and just say as a Mensa member, I'll get sued.
I'll probably, no, no, no, no, no.
There's some, some hilarious shit in here.
Sorry to get sidetracked here very quick.
I was going to read this comment real quick.
Akuma JP in our chatroom at chat.orangishontraday.com.
Logie is addicted to Grand Theft Auto for sure.
Oh yeah, I don't, no, seriously, I spent an unhealthy amount of my day thinking about
Grand Theft Auto, playing Grand Theft Auto.
I may or may not be addicted to World of Warcraft.
And let's face it, everyone is addicted to video games.
No, no, it's not that I'm addicted to Grand Theft Auto.
I have fun playing Grand Theft Auto, and I have fun modding Grand Theft Auto.
Why is that a problem that I like doing something, you know?
It's not like I can't stop.
You're not allowed to have fun.
Okay, um, I'm just going to tell you something.
It's just really hilarious.
I got to find, and my wife was reading this to me because she was, oh, here it is.
I think this is it right here.
Here's some rules or whatever that they have.
Oh, member policies, let's see here.
Are you allowed to read these?
Well, it's not like it's, you know, some secret guide or something.
That's not masonry.
Well, I, okay, anyways, one of the things, yeah, you can't really, you know, say something
as like saying, oh, well, as a member of Mensa, you know, I believe, blah, blah, blah.
But that wasn't even the part that I thought was ridiculous.
They give you a sample press, I kid you not, a sample press release of how you can form
your own press release to send out to your local paper and your friends saying that you
got in the Mensa.
No, I'm not that vain.
Sorry.
I, you know what though?
Like in the, it may be in a suburbia town, you know, in a big market like Sacramento,
you know, as much as we joke about ourselves, we are still like what the 20th largest market
in the nation.
But go to like the Midwest and a lot of those little towns, maybe it is kind of a big deal.
It's just like, you know, putting a big giant sign on my back that says, nerd, make fun
of me and beat my ass while you're at it.
I mean, I'm sorry, I'm not going to invite that kind of, um, attention.
All right.
Well, the next story up is dark soccer is, but she's left, so she has left the building.
Let's talk more sewer for not fulfilling your obligations to garden burgers and I was preparing
mine.
All right.
So that's it.
I'm suing garden burgers.
We're going to get rid of those crap.
God damn you.
Garden burgers.
I'm now available for beta for PC gamers.
Shut up, Dan.
I love you.
Okay.
So for people who want to do more for portal to valve has portal to authoring tools.
Yay.
If you've got a PC, you can do this.
Um, it's free for anyone who owns the game on PC and it's in the tools tab on your steam
account.
So I'm basically, you'll just be able to go into everything, character skins, a single
player, co-op level, sound effects, music, 3d models.
They are all there.
You can do them all.
But there's also nasty, Hey, there's also an updated version of face poser and a different
example maps and instances to help you learn.
So there's a new suite of command line compiling utilities.
I want someone to make the orange lounge level, made the orange lounge level.
Put it up.
All right.
Why are you looking at doors?
I'm looking at something from online, something that, uh, Alan's doing.
All right.
Moving on.
He's probably giggling that that came out.
All right.
Uh, moving on.
Loki.
What do you have for us?
Yes.
So this is kind of funny.
Apparently the PlayStation one classics, they've been slow to sell.
Um, really?
No one's wanting to buy your PlayStation one games to play them on a device that most likely
doesn't have, uh, buttons, but no, these are actually meant for the, uh, Xperia play phone
that you know, the PlayStation phone, if you will.
Um, apparently I guess there's only, um, you know, a very few, uh, sales for each one.
They're saying that under a thousand installs for each title, uh, co-orders two destruction
Derby, medieval siphon filter and jumping flash.
And most of those are actually only in the few hundreds.
Um, they're saying that also that, um, they're saying it's not really a concern since there's
only a few, um, at the, um, moment.
Um, PlayStation one titles, um, here or there, there's more coming on a regular basis.
He said, and as a whole, the PlayStation as a content provider exclusive to the device.
So there's no real concerns.
It's a revolutionary device and it's shaking up the marketplace and we're very pleased
with it.
Um, also it should be meant, you know, there is a reason why that maybe it's not working
is because, um, not necessarily on the marketplace, but you can get it for that phone.
Um, there actually are other PlayStation emulators that you can download ROMs for and those don't
cost you anything.
So maybe that's the issue.
I think a lot of people are just buying the phone because you know what?
It's kind of cool to play other games with buttons, you know, like some of the other
Android games.
I, I, yeah, this whole like lack of buttons thing, just, I can't believe they've even
sold as many as they have.
The sound is just absolutely terrible.
It's as terrible as the PSP go.
Well, I, I mean, one of the things I think that they're, they're forgetting about is
like, listen, just because this, you know, system's a PlayStation and it's not really
a PlayStation Xperia play fine, you know, just because it has a PlayStation controller
set up on it doesn't mean people are going to necessarily buy just PlayStation one games
with it.
I mean, you can get a bunch of other games that support this, you know, type of a controller
mapping and you can play those just fine.
Have you ever thought that maybe, you know, a game that was put out 10 years ago might
not stand up well against, you know, some of the newer games?
Yeah, I think Sony's just losing touch there with what people want.
Granted, Cool Borders is a pretty fun game and Destruction Derby's not bad on its own
and Medieval's all right, but like, I don't know, it's just, they're showing their age.
But you know, Kazurai's a real party animal.
He's hip to what the kids are into.
Exactly.
He's, he's, he's got his finger on the pulse of what's hot.
What gamers really want.
Absolutely.
All right.
Yeah, when he's not partying in his, you know, yacht.
Let's talk about the Xbox for a minute and their games on demand service.
Of course, you can buy full games through the games on demand service and download them
to your hard drive.
Usually these are games that have been out for a little while.
You don't see a lot of stuff that comes out like as they're new, but this is interesting.
Cave is going to be releasing Death Smiles 2X directly to games on demand.
There will not be a disc release in North America.
The game will cost $30, excuse me, $29.99.
They're not translating it.
It's going to be straight up in Japanese.
You are buying basically the import game, but playable on your Xbox 360 through games
on demand.
But because it's a shooter game, it's not like you need to have a real thorough knowledge
of Japanese.
You have to have no knowledge of Japanese, seriously.
It's going to launch Tuesday, May 17th.
Facebook is where they announced this.
Boy, what a sign of the times.
Cave announced this on Facebook saying, quote, it will be giving this format a try for getting
some of our Japan-only shooters released overseas.
I have to be honest, it's kind of a neat idea.
Like, you know, there's a lot of people that really like import games and would like to
be playing them, and it sucks that the Xbox is region-locked the way it is.
And import games are fucking expensive, so $30 for a game like that, even if they aren't
doing any translations whatsoever, it's awesome because you're saving yourself, you know,
probably about, you know, 50% of the cost of an import.
I think...
Actually more than that, probably.
This would actually kind of discourage some of the hacking, because sometimes people hack
their systems to play import games.
That's the reason why I hacked my original PlayStation 1.
So there you go.
Interesting.
I...
Maybe I'll get it when it goes on sale, eventually.
$30, I don't know, I never...
I'm not, like, super good at shooters.
Also, you know what's interesting about this?
By not getting a disc release, you won't be able to get it through Gamefly or anything
like that, or Rental, and you have to either pay the 30 bucks or don't play.
We'll see how well that goes over.
Anyhow, let's go to the mailbag.
Every week you guys send us emails, mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
DarkSakura dives in the mailbag head first and pulls out a few emails that she says,
hey, you guys should be reading, er, you guys should be, er, writing us more emails.
First email.
First email.
Hey, OLR crew, AZHP here with a question for you all.
After having done this radio show for a long time, do you ever get that itch to work closer
to the video game industry?
No, not at all.
Not at all.
I mean, I know that Loki works in distribution, but do any of you feel like you would enjoy
having a hand in a game's development rather than simply reporting the news and your opinions?
Or do you prefer to stay at arm's length and pay no mind to the man behind the curtain?
Absolutely.
And I've already pitched, you know, or I've already pitched the idea that I want to pitch
an idea to Konami to, you know, it's tough actually going up to them and saying, listen,
I want to fix your franchise because they don't really take kindly to that kind of stuff.
But re-imagine and modernize a franchise, I suppose, would be the better way to do it.
But yeah, I'd love to do that.
But at the same time, you know, I have a day job, so it'd be kind of hard to quit a day
job to go work on a game.
And God knows they're not going to actually listen to one person that has an idea about
how they can improve a certain franchise because I'm sure they get thousands of emails from
people that do, you know, something very similar.
But if they were ballsy and wanted to take a chance, that'd be pretty cool.
It's a question that's bugged me for a long time as well.
I finally decided to take the plunge and leave my steady e-commerce job for a spot in the
games industry as a programmer for GameSpyTech, who support matchmaking and other online infrastructure
for games such as Command & Conquer, Pokemon Black & White, Crysis 2, and most recently
Mortal Kombat.
My fear is that I'll become jaded to video games or just not be able to keep up with
the crazy hours that I've heard you need to put in to make it in the industry.
So OLR men and women, what are your thoughts?
Are you content to admire the industry from afar or do you want to dive into the trenches?
Yours truly is EHP, OLR's premier gold star recipient and general grammar advocate.
P.S. have started a scientific poll on my Facebook to prove that everyone appreciates
boobs.
Aside from the insignificant outliner data, the results support OLR's hypothesis.
Feel free to share it in chat so that I can obtain more data and I will copy it into chat.
There you go.
So I actually, if certain things require a relocation on our part, I'm planning on applying
with Valve, Nintendo, and Microsoft because what I want to do is publication.
Gee, I wonder if she might be thinking of relocating too.
I'm wanting to do publication, like manuals, advertising, anything that's going to go into
a digital or physical print.
I have to admit, I'm a little torn on it.
I honestly have to say no.
I don't think there's a lot I could contribute on the front lines.
I'm not a programmer.
I'm not an artist.
Sure, I have ideas about games, but you know what?
Some people kind of do it a little bit better and I'm okay with that.
I would have no problem being an advisor, a tracker, hell, having done this show as
long as I have, I think I could probably get away with being some type of games analyst.
But at the same time, I have a day job I rather enjoy.
I make a decent amount of money.
I don't really see myself leaving at any time soon.
However, I'm not going to lie, especially from the journalism ends of things, if I ever
had the opportunity to host a show about games, especially on TV, although there's such little
demand for that, I don't know how that would ever happen, I would jump at that opportunity
in a heartbeat, absolutely.
Although I worry I'm starting to get a little old for that.
A lot of that stuff is targeted towards 20-somethings and teens and now I'm starting to enter my
mid thirties.
So I don't know if I would really be wanted for that.
I would tell you what I would love, love, love to do more than anything.
I would love to host a game show as especially like a throwback to the old Starrcade.
Because Rob's hero is Bob Barker.
Even something like Nick Arcade or something like that.
You want to be painted orange.
I love Bob Barker, but I also love Jean Rayburn from old seventies match game.
Like I would say.
You know who my person is?
Dude from Press Your Luck.
Oh, Peter Tamarkin.
Tamarkin.
Tamarkin.
Tamarkin.
So yeah, I would absolutely leave my day job in a heartbeat to go be a game show host.
In fact, I actually had an old boss who thought she heard of some TV station casting for who
wants to be a game show host, and she told me I could take leave from work to participate
in that show.
And she said that it's possible to be arranged.
Unfortunately that show didn't turn out to be legit, but if they ever had something like
that, I'd go on in a heartbeat, absolutely.
But at the same time, we've been doing Orange on the Radio as a hobby for nine years now.
And just radio in general.
I was on Understation Live before that and was doing college radio before that.
Like the radio industry especially is highly competitive.
And I kind of like the fact that we get to do radio on our own terms.
Yeah, we're not the biggest show out there.
A lot of people, even after nine years, have no idea who the fuck we are.
But nobody gets between me and you, the listener.
Nobody gets between that.
Nobody tells us how to do our show but us.
Nobody gets between Rob and his Calvin Klein's.
And that.
But like literally, no one tells us what to do.
And unfortunately when you go commercial for that, you lose a lot of that.
Yeah.
And so I don't know how much of that I'd be willing to give up.
If ever we took any kind of sponsorship, it'd still have to be on our terms.
Absolutely.
Which is why we'll probably be independent forever.
But that's, I think it's the way at least ye small but loyal few like it.
And that's how we roll.
That and we have Shermie.
That's where we all, we'll always have Shermie.
Yeah.
So.
Dances would sell out.
I think he's full of crap.
I don't know.
Like I just, I think it's unrealistic to think like, oh, suddenly big name gaming website
dot com wants to buy OLR as their official show.
Like I think we'd be really stupid and naive to think something like that would actually
happen.
I, I just, we've been, I totally think it's going to happen.
If it was going to happen, it would have happened in 2006 when podcasting first broke.
If it had happened and you guys didn't take the money, I would kill all three of you.
Hold on, hold on.
Dan, Dan, say that on the mic.
I think he might've got picked up, but, uh, my husband likes to just come in here and
shout things.
He said, if we didn't take the money, he'd kill all of us.
Um, I, I will say this though.
There's definitely, I think, I think one thing we always want to make sure we do here at
orange launch rate is we don't want to rest on our laurels too much.
And I think if there's ways we can push things forward and push ourselves more and push the
hobby forward, we're going to try and do that.
So I'm not saying anything, but trust me, we're always thinking about how can things
be even better than they are right now?
But on our terms, very important on our terms.
Yes.
Next email.
Yes.
Destructoid article that's linked by Rob-a-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b.
I was getting my b-b-b-b's ready.
Originally scheduled for launch sometime this month, Nintendo has pushed back the already
late release because it should have been ready when the damn system was out of the 3DS eShop
until June.
According to the company, North America will get it June 6th and Japan will get it June
7th.
So hey, we get it first.
Neener.
Well, technically it's sort of at the same time.
I was emailing a friend about this and I also mentioned the big three addresses by Microsoft,
Sony and Nintendo respectively.
I realized that the eShop will open the day Microsoft and Sony talk, open on the day Microsoft
and Sony talk June 6th, USA, June 7th, Japan.
How clever.
Rob-a-b-b-b-b-b-b-b.
Last two emails.
I'm glad they finally got it back up.
This is called thoughts on PSN.
They got it up.
While it's still unclear if their security was up to standard before, I'm confident
slash hopeful it will be now.
Another incident like this would be devastating.
On the other hand, once it's fully up and running, many gamers will be quick to simply
go back to their favorite games.
Personally, I had other options so I didn't feel very put out when it was done.
Same here.
And got a bit lucky that I picked up Portal 2 and had it linked and downloaded to Steam
before the disaster.
Michael Pacher did a 24 plus minute video on how this will impact Sony.
A very interesting watch.
He certainly feels that while they lost money slash sales, they'll be fine.
Here's the link and I will copy it in the chat room.
But for those listening, it's game trailers dot com slash video slash episode dash 215
dash patch.
I guess P-A-C-H is how it's written on there.
Dash attack slash seven one three nine zero zero.
So they're giving the analysts video time now too.
I assume if you just go to game trailers dot com and search for his name you'll find it.
Well yeah, but I'm thorough.
I don't want to be a hater, but how is this guy any different from the indie podcast out
there and all the speculation they do?
Like I realize maybe he went to school or whatever.
I got played by Morgan, what was it, uh, Webb Brish or whatever.
I'm really not trying to be a hater.
Like everybody's gotta make a living, I get that, but I don't, like, why is his opinion
so important?
Dude, the guy is wrong.
More times than he's right.
And no one seems to remember that.
I'm just reading the email.
No, I know, I know.
I'm responding to the email.
Take care.
Listen to the podcast every week.
Keep up the good work.
And it's from Sepwin.
I will say this though, I actually, I do kind of agree.
I think Sony is going to recover from it in the long run.
Um, I think they're going to feel a lot of hurt.
And the real question might be, is Sony going to find this worth it to do it all over again
with PlayStation 4?
Uh, but I think at the end of the day, yes.
I think, I think they will recover if Apple recovered from the antenna thing, if Microsoft
recovered from the red ring thing, if you know, they'll, they'll come back.
It's Sony.
Do you know they've already got a business, they've already adjusted their business model
to accommodate.
Also, uh, Bobby, did you know that PSN is back up and did you know that it still does
not deliver tacos?
I am sad.
All caps, brown face, all caps, Bobby.
I had to yell.
That possibly is the best email ever actually.
That is very sad.
How was my caps lock voice?
I want tacos as part of my PlayStation severance package.
Can we get on that?
I only got four emails, Rob.
Well, we need more emails.
No talk.
That's why you didn't get tacos tonight.
Send me more emails so that Rob will get me another taco.
Send me emails so that dark soccer buys me a taco.
I'll buy you a taco if you buy me a taco.
Dan says he's going to make tacos next week.
Awesome.
Rad.
All right, we're almost to the Skype line.
Not just yet, but we will be there in just a moment.
One eight seven seven game O L R or I use your name on Skype is orange lounge radio,
but first two more stories for you.
Mm hmm.
Um, so this is kind of neat though there, you know, as part of like the Xbox indie service,
it's been very unpredictable when games are going to be released on there.
It's kind of like, well, they're up for review now, so, uh, it should be out hopefully soon.
Well now actual indie studios can pick their publishing dates.
Apparently, um, they will allow, um, people to be able to market their games actually
have some sort of, um, set release date once it's past peer review.
And um, that's kind of neat I guess.
And I guess, uh, you know, such like events like the indie games winter uprising will
be more coordinated and, uh, you know, cause I guess some of their titles were, um, missed
on that because of the release date whole thing.
Um, uh, they're saying also it's kind of a mixed to positive, um, feedback according
to the development community.
Um, some people like the decision and then, uh, saying that the chance to schedule a release
helps them plan the game promotion more sensibly.
Others noted that scheduling would, uh, likely lead to an open stampede to release on specific
days like Friday and a game of chicken trying to figure out, uh, the best time.
I think that's not really going to be an issue, but it's still kind of neat.
Uh, just a note for our live listeners, yeah, we're aware it looks like the stream is skipping
a little bit.
Anyway, looking at the upload numbers, it looks okay now.
It's not stalling like it was, but everybody in the studio make sure all your excess transmits
are turned off cause we're skipping right now.
It's having trouble uploading everything.
It looks like we're okay right now looking at the numbers, but we were having a skippy
period for a minute there.
Anyhow, um, moving on, but otherwise there's not a lot we can do about it.
If the cable's not going to cooperate, then it's not going to cooperate.
So we move on with one last story here tonight before we go to the Skype line, which if we're
still skipping is really going to be a hoot and holler tonight.
Uh, this is about Chrono Trigger, which funny enough Dark Soccer brought up earlier in the
show.
Chrono Trigger, guess what?
It's coming out on Virtual Console.
So if you do not own the Super Nintendo cartridge or you don't want to pay $70 for it or however
much it goes for on eBay these days, you'll be able to pick up your copy on May 16th.
Uh, don't know exactly how much, that's tomorrow, shit, probably by the time most of you are
hearing this show.
Uh, it's not online.
If we hadn't learned that, are we?
Uh, anyhow, uh, it's just a straight up release of the Super Nintendo version, so don't expect
anything fabulous to be changed.
That means you're not going to have the extra dungeons and stuff in the DS version, but
there you go.
It is coming out.
No price announced yet, but everybody is speculating it will be 900 Wii Points.
800 for a Super Nintendo game and that 100 point premium for the special of the special
games, which honestly Chrono Trigger, it's probably worth it.
So, uh, I'm sure there'll be a lot of people checking that out.
And especially like if you were too young to remember Chrono Trigger, just never got
a chance to play it back in the day, you really should check it out.
Like I know, I know I sometimes hate on it on the show cause I don't think it's the best
Super Nintendo RPG, but, cause I just, I love Final Fantasy 3 too god damn much, but, or
6, whatever you want to call it.
But uh, it's, it's really good.
It's really good.
You want to know what's great?
Huh?
Now keep in mind that I got the game in 95, 96 when it came out for, well, first of all,
my friend loaned it to me and then he moved.
Um, my save file is still intact.
Oh wow.
Yeah.
Well, you know, a lot about those batteries were only ever guaranteed to last five years,
but most people I know with old NES cartridges, those things still work.
Yeah.
It's just a lithium battery.
It depends on how much you used it.
Yeah.
I mean, if you, as long as you don't have the game on 24 seven.
Yeah.
So interesting.
Interesting.
Now our Saturn batteries, however, have burned and burned and burned and burned.
All right.
We are going to now open the Skype line at one eight seven seven game OLR or our username
on Skype is orange launch radio.
I'm going to really hope our live transmit issues don't get in the way, but the sky,
excuse me, hiccups, the Skype radio's worst enemy, uh, the Skype line is now open for
your calls.
If you want to give feedback on any of tonight's topics or anything else that might be on your
mind, look at that.
It's already ringing.
We will of course also go to look you as some last minute stories in between calls higher
on orange launch radio.
Who's this?
It's the one and only Ron.
How's everyone?
Who else gets in first on this show?
How are you?
Rama?
I'm pretty good.
I'm pretty, pretty happy.
That's all.
You're happy.
Why are you happy?
There's no start a new job.
Come tomorrow.
Oh, well that's a reason to be happy.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
What kind of job are you going to be doing?
If you don't mind me asking, I'll still be doing tech support in the school district,
but with a different company with a lot more pay and better benefits.
Well, more pay and better benefits are always a good thing.
Congrats.
Thanks.
Awesome.
So what's in your mind tonight gaming wise?
Oh, a couple of things.
I wanted to kind of finish up what I was trying to talk about last week about Nintendo and
their touchscreen controllers.
Yeah.
I could tell you that they won't be that expensive because touchscreens are not that expensive
per se.
It's the software that powers it that makes it more expensive.
What I see is it's probably like a simple controller with a touchscreen in the middle
of it preset for certain buttons to do certain things in according to the way the game is
going to be.
I can actually agree with that.
It seems like almost everything has a touchscreen in this day and age.
Like pretty much every smartphone these days has one.
Like I was talking about earlier when we were talking about the Nintendo, the new Nintendo
console in the first place, the touchscreens on the printer devices, those things.
Yeah.
I've seen those.
Yeah.
I don't think the touchscreens will be that expensive.
It's just, you know, all this other stuff too, you know?
Pretty much.
So what do you, what are your expectations for the new Nintendo console?
We are only three weeks away from E3.
They're saying it's going to be on par with the 360 and the PS3.
Just show me what it can do and what, and the features.
That's it.
I'm a very simple person with basic needs.
I mean, if there's going to be some great gaming on it, I will pick up the console.
If it's going to be the Wii 2nd gen with more shovelware, it can stay on the shelf and collect
more dust.
Well, you know the golden rule of OLR, a system is only as good as the games that are on it.
Yes, indeed.
That's the problem with the 3DS right now too.
You know I left my 3DS here after the show last week and never bothered to come get it.
Well, actually that's a lie.
I did try to come by Monday, but nobody was here.
So, because I was in the neighborhood.
But yeah.
Quite understandable.
I didn't really miss it that much.
I took mine out of my bag because I didn't like lugging it back and forth around because
I'm not using it.
Now I have no one to street pass with.
Oh, darn.
You're going to street pass with me.
Take it to E3.
Try to street pass with people there.
You're going to loiter outside E3?
Bobby will street pass with me.
Yeah, I'm going to loiter outside E3 just to street pass.
I'm just going to walk around with a big cardboard sign.
I should do this.
Big cardboard sign.
Media not good enough to get into E3.
Please street pass with me.
That would be fun.
Wow.
Anyhow.
Alright, anything else on your mind tonight, Rama?
Yes, in regards to PAX East 2012.
Yes.
Okay.
I expect this to be announced soon, but I don't know if you know, but next year PAX
East is the same weekend as Anime Boston.
Oh, snap.
City of City.
Two separate convention centers.
Oh my god.
Yeah.
That's going to be a mess.
That is bad planning.
I'm sorry.
That is bad planning.
Yeah, I know, but the problem is sometimes when these convention centers have these dates,
it's like take it or leave it, you know?
So that's probably what it boiled down to.
But here's the thing.
This was announced at Anime Boston's Masquerade, and I actually talked to a few people that
are staff and that was there that actually verified this, but it will not surprise me
if this changes.
They made the announcement that if you purchase a pass for Anime Boston 2012, it is good for
entrance to PAX East 2012 as well, and they will have shuttle buses going between both
convention centers.
That's a little weird to me considering the attendance caps that PAX keeps hitting.
Like why would you want to, you know, because if everybody who goes to Anime Boston gets
a free pass into PAX, that's less people that can go to PAX.
So that seems like, if I were on the PAX, I wouldn't agree to that if I were behind
that show.
I figure it's like, you know, you got so many gamers going to this convention, you got so
many anime fans going to this convention, give them a free pass, check out the other
side per se.
Well then why not, is the other half going to be true too?
It would not surprise me if it is.
But correct me if I'm wrong, Anime Boston is going to be at the old convention center,
the Heinz, right?
Yes.
And then the Uber one that PAX is at this year is where PAX will be.
What if everybody decides to go to Anime Boston one of those days, I mean that Heinz place
is going to collapse?
Honestly, with the numbers that PAX East generates, I find that hard to believe because I'm planning
to do PAX East instead.
And knowing how some fans are, how lazy they can be per se, no offense, but to be perfectly
honest, I don't think a lot of them are going to take shuttle buses to go 15 minutes across
town to another convention and then come back.
One of the two needs to move, end of story, one of the two needs to move.
They shouldn't be the same weekend.
I know, but this is what I'm hearing from a lot of my sources, that this could be the
end for AB, who knows?
Well then move, you know?
I don't know, that's going to be tricky.
It's going to be an interesting weekend next year.
I know, I am curiously seeing how this is all going to play out.
It's still a long ways away all things considered, so some things may change, we'll see.
I don't doubt your sources, but I'm still skeptical.
It seems like wishful thinking on Anime Boston's part.
I know, it wouldn't surprise me as if AB says this is what they're going to do.
Wouldn't surprise me if PAX comes out and says, yeah, you buy one of our badges, it's
not good for AB.
Maybe they're trying to be all buddy-buddy, friendly-friendly, because you have two different
convention companies in the same town fighting for top dog, or in this case, a one-legged
ass-kicking contest.
Yeah, and I was going to say, you'd think in most situations the two would be fighting
each other, but I'm sorry Anime fans, PAX, with the people that come as far away as they
do, you know, all the way from like Florida, Georgia, Alabama, and all like the southern
East States, you know, because that's still the closest thing they've got, I'm sorry,
Anime Boston's going to get their ass handed to them if they stay that same weekend.
And you're absolutely right, but the funny thing is, there are people that travel as
far south as Florida and Texas that come up to Anime Boston.
Why do they do it?
For the guests.
But for next year, you may travel way across the country for the guests, but as for me,
I'll travel way across the country to check out these great games.
Yeah.
True.
True.
All right.
Yes.
We gotta let you go to get more calls, but thanks so much, buddy.
Hey, no problem, dude.
Take care.
Bye.
All right.
Later.
1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio if you want to give us
a call.
Uh, Loki, any last minute stories while we wait for a call?
Yeah, there's some weird stuff.
Um, this is kind of funny.
I don't know if you remember the game YouStar2.
It was kind of like a karaoke sort of game where you reenact scenes for movies and stuff
like that.
Looked dumb.
Yes, it was terrible, actually.
I've played it, but there's some free download content coming out, and guess what it ties
into?
What?
The Royal Wedding.
That's ridiculous.
Yes, it will allow players to replace either Prince William or Kate Milton, so you could
do a...
Wait, I can be Princess Kate?
You can be Princess Kate, yes.
I mean, he's actually...
In their first public kiss following the Royal Wedding.
Wow.
It says the scene's offered free.
Clearly, I attempt to subvert otherwise rational people.
I'm not sure how I feel about that.
Let's go back to the phones.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Oh, I thought I had a call.
I guess not.
I guess I missed it.
Sorry.
Keep going.
Um, so yeah, apparently there's gonna be some other footage and stuff that's available.
But seriously, though, I've played USAR 2.
It's a cool concept, but it's so terribly executed.
It's such a terrible game.
My favorite is how the camera cannot frame you properly.
I remember my coworker playing it, though.
He's just like, he's doing this scene and it's framed so his head's at the very bottom
of the screen.
It's hilarious.
Alright, let me go to the phones.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
It's Death Wishing.
Hey, what's on your mind, buddy?
I'm playing a very amazing gem of a game that people need to start playing again.
What's that?
Freelancer.
I have not even think I've heard of this.
What is this game?
It's a PC game from 2004, I believe, and it's kind of say, like, Eve Online, minus being
an MMORPG.
But you can play it with, like, 200 people online at once, and you do missions.
Think, like, Neverwinter Nights kind of style, you know, you can do missions and stuff, all
that, but it's space combat.
Oh, yeah, okay.
It's pretty fun.
Anyways, that Nintendo thing, I'm kind of looking, I'm totally seeing fail in the future.
Why so negative?
Well, it's like, they're saying, oh, it's going to be, like, on par with PS3, Xbox 360,
but then you see the thing about, oh, we're going to be inventing some new peripheral
where you can, like, feel things, I'm like, oh, great, so now we're going to have a bunch
of games instead of playing Wii Tennis, we're going to be playing Wii Tennis where we can
feel like we're holding the ball, or...
I kind of think the feel thing is bullshit.
I truly think the feel thing is bullshit, that's not coming from the same source that
originally leaked the news about the Nintendo Wii Next system and the whole, that came from
a different source.
I really think the feel, I think the feel stuff holds about as much weight as the fact
that the revolution was going to project 3D graphics, remember that?
So yes, I think there's a new Nintendo system, yes, I think the controller does have some
type of video screen that probably has a touch on it, or at least some type of touch, I mean,
who's to say that feel isn't just the fact that you're touching a screen?
You know, that's still feel, it doesn't mean that you're getting that tactile response
of, like, feeling snakeskin and petting a snake, so I don't know, I kind of think the
whole, like, touch, I think that's just, like, weird, crazy fanboy bullshit, I truly do.
Um, sorry, so I'm going down here, over here, uh, I bet you don't frickin' tend to think
for us, it's also going to have a button that says, give Nintendo money, because anything
in there is going to put money regardless, it's going to sell, I know for a fact it will.
Well, which-
They got the soccer mom market on the Nintendo Wii.
Yeah, but will you buy one?
Do you own a Wii?
Uh, I owned a Wii, I had it for three months, and then I was like, wow, this is the most
gimmicky piece of crap I've ever owned, and I gave it to my cousins because I didn't want
to sell it, so I gave it to some kids, I wouldn't use it.
Do you worry you might make the same mistake with the new Nintendo system?
Uh, I know I won't because I'm just going to switch to PC Master Race.
Are you sure, though?
What could Nintendo announce on this thing that would make you be like, maybe I should
get this?
Um, that they're actually going to make a new Goldeneye that isn't stupid and handle
like ass, and my ship just blew up.
Well, have fun in the PC Master Race.
Alright, alright Death Wishing, we'll be looking for your reactions after E3.
Alright, well, um, have fun with whoever's coming, like I was going to PAX East or whatever,
have fun with all the Japanese Wii, there's an anime.
We will.
Alright.
Bye.
Bye.
There's going to be some great, like, crossover interviews and things like that.
1877 Game OLR, username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
I really think Anime Boston's going to be forced to move weekends.
I know, you know, I know there's only so much convention center space and so on, but, uh,
think outside the box, people.
Anyhow, 1877 Game OLR, username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
In the meantime, more last minute stories from Loki!
There's an NES cartridge that's being developed that will turn your NES into a MIDI synthesizer.
It's called Chip Maestro, it was actually part of a Kickstarter program, and for $50
you can grab one of these cartridges that plugs into a MIDI keyboard and you can start
creating your own 8-bit sounding music using a keyboard, it's kind of cool.
And then, of course, there is a new Xbox Live and PlayStation Network game that's been announced.
Jeremy McGrath Offroad.
No word on what the game is exactly, obviously it's going to be a Baja Racing type of game.
It's actually being developed, I guess, from the people that did Baja Edge of Control for
THQ, and I guess they've also done some work on the MX vs ATV series, so they've got a
good pedigree there, but don't really know that many details about it.
People are kind of hoping that it's maybe a spiritual successor to Ivan Ironman Stewart's
Offroad Racing game.
That game was fucking awesome.
Alright, let's go to the phones, we've got another call coming in.
1877, I'm sorry.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
You've already called the number.
Hey guys, it's CD Thunder.
CD Thunder, what's in your mind?
Well I have a couple of things to talk to you about.
Go for it.
There must be like hella lag going on here.
Go ahead.
Well, let's see, the two games I want to talk about, Perfect Dark and GoldenEye 007.
Some classic games?
Go for it.
Well, I like them both, and the Perfect Dark is basically like a space version of the GoldenEye
007, if you know what I'm talking about.
These are some old games.
These games have been out a very long time.
Are you just kind of getting around to playing classics, like rediscovering old stuff, kind
of like our last caller's playing some PC game from 2004?
Are you rediscovering classic games?
Are you finding these through the new versions of GoldenEye or Perfect Dark Zero, or what
has peaked your interest in these games?
It's GoldenEye 007, talking about that, is actually one of the games we got when we got
the Nintendo 64 for the first time.
Oh, you're the guy that called in a few weeks ago, and you just recently got a 64, right?
Actually not recently, but a few Christmases ago or something.
You don't have a lot of the new systems, right?
You play on like...
No, uh-uh.
Okay, I remember you.
All right, you've got like all the classic stuff in your house.
So you're...
Yeah, a lot of the good stuff.
You're gaming in a time capsule, but that's not necessarily a bad thing, because there's
a lot of shit out there right now, and so it really gives you time to focus on the classics.
So you're kind of rediscovering a lot of these games like they're totally new, right?
Yeah.
That's pretty cool, actually.
I'd like to be living in a bubble like that sometimes, because there's a lot of real crap
out there right now.
All right, well tell us, how was it playing Perfect Dark and GoldenEye for the first time?
Well, GoldenEye I actually had a lot of fun with, I like the James Bond.
So since it was James Bond, I really liked it a lot, and well, a lot of the levels are
really difficult.
And with Perfect Dark, it's space...
Go ahead.
Oh.
And the Perfect Dark is basically like a space age version of GoldenEye 007, except he plays
a woman, and you have on-screen reloads, but in the GoldenEye 007, you have off-screen
reloads.
And the bitch can't jump.
Yeah, she can jump only a little bit.
You know, they made a new GoldenEye, in fact it's funny, I think one of the previous callers
brought this up, they made a new GoldenEye last year on the Wii, so you'll be playing
that in about 2018.
But they made this game, and a lot of people aren't really fans of it, like they say it
blows, it isn't like the original at all.
Why do you think people are so partial to the original GoldenEye?
What is the charm in the original GoldenEye?
Well because, it could be maybe because they like the movie, and because of that they like
the game, and since they remade the GoldenEye 007 on the Wii with Daniel Craig, they're
thinking it's a reboot of the original, so maybe that's one of the reasons.
Alright.
Well buddy, we're gonna let you go to take some more calls, but I'm just gonna leave
you with this, don't bother with Majora's Mask, it's not nearly as good as Ocarina of
Time.
Just so you know.
Alright.
Alright, take care buddy.
Thanks, you too.
1877 game OLR, or username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
You know, I really do mean it, sometimes I kind of wish I could just kind of go back
in gaming, like seriously, Super Nintendo?
There's so many good games on that, I probably still have yet to play, alright.
And some folks in chatroom vehemently disagree with me, DarkToaGak in chat says, Majora's
Mask is orgasmic, what the hell is Sky talking about?
Majora's Mask was annoying.
I didn't like it.
Of course I always thought that Ocarina of Time was a little bit overrated too.
I liked Ocarina, but my favorite's Silling to the Past.
Alright, let's wrap up with last minute stories, Loki, if you had anything else.
His last minute story is Portal.
I had nothing else.
Oh okay.
And I'm getting a private message about Square Enix might be going bankrupt, and I do remember
reading the article online, I don't have it up in front of me, but I think they reported
huge losses recently.
And I assumed a lot, well I don't, like I think part of it they were trying to say might
have been the tsunami, which makes sense, you know, obviously everybody heard from that.
But I think a really large part of it that I don't think was really announced in the
story was the utter dismal cataclysmic failure of Final Fantasy XIV.
Because keep in mind, that game was supposed to come out on Playstation 3 by now, but it
hasn't.
So yeah, I think Square's probably way overestimated what they were going to make last quarter,
and I think a lot of that has to do with Final Fantasy XIV, honestly.
Oh, I'm getting more information, thank you to the person who's messaging me right now,
let me pull up this link in our little browser box here.
Oh, and of course it's all in Japanese, I can't read that.
That's why you should use Nifty.
No, I, oh yeah, I could use Nifty, hold on, or I could use Google Translate.
But Final Fantasy XIII apparently plays into this as well, Final Fantasy XIII not quite
selling as much as they thought.
I'm translating it now.
16 billion yen, extraordinary loss and damage.
The earthquake did stop them to some development.
Ah, they are attributing this to Final Fantasy XIV and postponing that.
Let's see, they're thinking though the, they say the business environment is rapidly changing.
Yeah, they do cite Final Fantasy XIV multiple times here.
Final Fantasy XI, I guess it talks about that Final Fantasy XIV wasn't the same quality
as Final Fantasy XI, and they actually apologized for the unusual situation it has become.
Yikes.
Well, I, we told you when we first reported on Final Fantasy XIV, heads were gonna roll,
so Final Fantasy XIII-2 it sounds like might be delayed too.
Good times!
Alright that's gonna do it for Last Minute Stories tonight, I think we're all done.
So this is the part we go around and get everybody's final thoughts, but first I'm gonna thank
all you guys for listening to Orange Launch Radio tonight, and remember if you like what
you heard, you know, we got into this during the email bag, but we don't have big corporate
dollars behind the show, we do this just because we like having a show, hanging out with each
other and hanging out with you guys every Sunday, so tell some friends to come join
the party.
Lots of them.
Open invite.
So yeah, we hope to hear from your friends, tell a couple friends about the show, and
spread the word about Orange Launch Radio, and you can keep having the show for free.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
I'll start with the portal-loving Loki.
Your final thought tonight.
Uh, my final thought is we never did it after Use of the Week.
No we didn't.
Oh we didn't!
Shit, I guess we should do that now then, shouldn't we?
I don't care.
You don't care?
No, we can do it.
Alright, here they go.
F.U. to this little patch of Eximo on my right hand ring finger.
The end.
Loki?
F.U. to the woman that wasn't watching where she was driving and hit the back of my car.
Doh!
Um, F.U. to hangovers.
I had a bad one this morning.
Alright there you go, Loki, we did the F.U.s of the week.
Uh, my F.U. of the week, er, not my F.U.
My final thought, um, is weekend's already over and that makes me sad.
Eh.
Dark Sakura?
He who controls the spice controls the universe.
Alright that does it everybody, thank you again for listening to Orange Launch Radio.
What say we do it all again next week?
Sound good?
Alright, have a good night everybody, we'll see you next week.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific Time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right
anyway.
See you next week!
