Don't even get a lousy copy of our home game.
You're a complete loser!
Don't know what I was thinking of.
I guess I just wasn't too bright.
Well, I sure hope I do better
next weekend on The Price is Right.
Aight, aight.
I love some Jeopardy, baby.
I lost on Jeopardy, baby
I lost on Jeopardy, baby
Rock the cradle of love, rock the cradle of love, yes the cradle of love, don't rock easy
it's true.
I rock the cradle of love
I rock the cradle of love
Yes, the cradle of love
Don't rock easy, it's true
The love shack is a little old place where
We can dance together
Love Shack Baby, Love Shack Baby, Love Shack
Pump up the jam, pump up the jam, pump up the jam, pump it up
Set me in the corner, set me in the spot light
Losing my religion, trying to keep a view
And I don't know if I can do it
Oh no!
I said too much
I haven't said enough
The things you say
Your purple bro just gives you away the things you say
You're unbelievable
Do me baby
Do me baby
You can do me in the morning
You can do me in the night
When you wanna do me
You're the lady who
Every night
Enter night
Take my hand
Off to Never Never Land
The Humpty Dance is your chance to do the hump
Do me baby
Do the Humpty Humpty, do the Humpty Humpty Do me baby, do the Humpty Humpty Come on and do the Humpty Humpty
She's mine, cherry pie Put a smile on your face, ten miles wide It looks so good, make a grown man cry
The sweet cherry pie, yi, yi
Whoo!
Drum solo!
I miss you much
M-O-I miss you much
I really miss you much
M-I-S-S you much
I miss you much
M-O-I miss you much
I really miss you much
Hey!
I don't want anybody else
When I think about you I touch myself
I don't want anybody else, oh no, oh no, oh no, no, no!
He's the one they call Dr. Feelgood!
He's the one that makes you feel alright!
He's the one they call Dr. Feelgood!
He's gonna be your Frankenstein!
Let's kick it!
If you got a problem, go!
I'll solve it, check out the beat while the DJ revolves it!
Ice Ice Baby!
Ice Ice Baby!
We're just your mother!
Ice Ice Baby!
Eyes, eyes, baby, forever, I'll be your eyes!
Eyes, eyes, baby, eyes, eyes, baby, eyes, eyes, baby
Hey!
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, the Monty Talk and then some.
Mostly the and then some part of that.
Orange Lounge Radio is created by a bunch of potty-mouthed adults.
Orange Lounge may contain sexual, perverted, and mildly retarded content.
You probably shouldn't let your children listen to Orange Lounge Radio.
Yes, I will spank your child.
If you're not going to do your job, goddammit, I will.
Well, here's to my big opening.
A sphincter says what?
I'm super. Thanks for asking.
Oh, you little bitch troll from hell.
What am I doing here?
No.
Dodge this.
Mm-hmm.
This is a tasty burger.
Look, you stupid bastard, you've got no arms left.
Yes, I have.
Look, there's a flesh wound.
Searching for a boy in high school is that useless.
It's searching for meaning in a polished shoreline.
Oh, yeah?
Well, I hope your babies look like monkeys.
Dark sacra.
We are live and this is episode number.59 for September the 7th of 2003.
I made a 5-9 joke.
You're tuned into the Be Monnie Scene's most glompy radio station of all things Be Monnie.
My name is Rob Roberts, and you might know me as Skye.
Joining me, as always, are my awesome co-hosts in this corner, the happiest bunny on the
farm, Miss Jamie Sommers.
I want a nap.
You know her better as Dark Sakura, or today it's Nappy Sakura.
She needs to take a nap.
What?
You don't like me.
It's Baby Sakura.
You bite me.
You changed my diaper.
I'm going to kick your ass in a moment.
I'm gonna kick your ass in a moment.
I'll be contagious if you watch.
It's Angry Baby Sakura.
In that corner, say hello to our tech master, Loki.
Hello.
Also with us tonight, we have...
Air.
Nobody.
No, we have air.
We have air.
We have particles.
See, if I'd had that song chewed up, I could have played air and made another funny Bomani
joke, like two jokes in 60 seconds.
We have germs and and other single-celled organisms. We are not alone and a part of mine in the back of the room and
By making those super my jokes in a row you would have qualified for the quota for us to kill you
I'm so excited
You have the microphone you know what one of them I think
We'll have to go on a parrot hunt later.
You're going to hunt to save it and I'm going to hunt to kill it.
I'll just make you smell my shoe.
We'll be back.
We're a little dead tonight so it's going to be an interesting show.
the
right up
the
and happy
looking for evil
i'm feeling kind of
i'm feeling tired too i've done nothing but really now like all week long
I love that sound, it makes me go squeak.
We'll be back, we have a little bit of reminding news to talk about tonight, it's somewhat
exciting and we have other junk to talk about too.
I know Dark Sackers got an exciting story and I have boring ones to tell so we'll do
some story telling when we come back from break.
My pre-show thing there is sort of a hint.
An Arcadian, I'm with you right there, I feel you.
We'll be back after this appropriate break.
So many times with these brains So many people see what's high
I'm setting off like the sky Keep it real all the way to the light
I'm sure they don't fight in the sky
Keep it real or they'll make it live
And I'll party people and survive
This is your life, little key gang
Look at her, and she ain't with the pain
So pump your fists, yeah
Come on
Nico, meow
Meow meow
Nico meow Nico meow meow meow
This randomness could only be brought to you by orange lounge
Hello everybody and welcome back to
orange lounge radio
and that's that you heard 0.59 appropriate because this is the 59th show of orange launch radio and
Yamato with 2002 does that mean we're heavenly?
This show is heavenly, except we're all going to hell.
I made a joke.
Yay.
Ten Goku joke.
And I was going to make it an all-numbers set, but Jamie really wanted to hear Ninzaburrow,
and that didn't sound like such a bad idea, so you had a couple numbered songs and then
Ninzaburrow.
Ninzaburrow is cool.
Yeah.
I'm still trying to find episodes of the show.
It sounded a little fast to you, huh?
Yeah.
You know, I think the song is just really, it is a lot faster and a lot of people remember
because it seems like in DDR, they started to just double the speed of arrows on songs
that weren't necessarily that big a tempo like, I don't know, Max 300.
And especially in fourth mix, remember how fast dropout seemed in fourth mix?
Because dropout was like the Max 300 of its time, right?
It was just like, oh my God, the arrows are coming up so fast.
you go and you play dropout on max 2 or something, you're like, oh this is easy. Dropout's easy.
It's weird how much that frame rate totally changed things. So I think that's why Ninzaburro
maybe, well then again of course that goes reverse my philosophy because Ninzaburro would
have played faster, I don't know. Well I guess it depends if you played it on 4th or 5th
because fifth mix is when the frame rate started to change so I don't know I'm
talking myself into a corner here help hi hi so um as we usually like to start
off the show we're gonna ask everybody how their week and their day was so
we'll start with Jamie because it kind of relates to the pre-show so the
beginning of the week was okay well it was really good because that's when
Ma and Chan and Rick were here, and had a very good time.
The air conditioner went out, though, on Sunday night, or during the day on Sunday, and it
was out Monday and it was out Tuesday and it was out Wednesday, and it was really hot
on Wednesday.
I went to work and I was feeling just wretched, but I made it through my day at work, I mean
sorry, Tuesday.
I went back to work and I was feeling really crappy.
I went to work Wednesday and was feeling even worse.
And then when I went into work Thursday, I don't remember the entire drive to work, and
that's not a good sign.
You didn't fall asleep during the drive, did you?
I don't know.
I don't remember.
I was having bad dizzy spells, and finally I asked if I could go home.
I was not feeling good at all.
I was running a fever.
I remember driving home, but I had dizzy spells on the way home, which, good thing there was
light traffic, so I got home and scheduled myself, and everyone knows me, I don't go
to the doctor unless I have to, and I scheduled myself an appointment for the doctor that
night, and it turns out that I have a respiratory infection and an ear infection in my right
ear.
I am no longer contagious, which is good for you guys.
That's a very good sign, thank you.
Because I've been on antibiotics now all weekend, I'm going to be on antibiotics for the rest
of the week after that.
I'm on this stuff that I have to put up my nose and squirt and it burns.
It smells like burning.
And I'm on my inhaler again for a buterol, which I was supposed to get six refills of
it and I only got like zero.
So I'm going to have to make sure that it wasn't my doctor's doctor handwriting, which
is basic doctor handwriting.
I was feeling a lot better, though, on Friday after sleeping for about 15 hours, and did
my thing that day.
Yesterday though, I got up at the butt crack of dawn, which is about 10 in the morning
for me and made it over to Iguana Girl's house and a bunch of us all went to see Weird Al
in Madera.
How's Moo doing?
Moo is so cute.
Moo got a big belly.
Moo is Iguana Girl's Iguana.
We have a regular chatter named Moo and we have a Mooheimer.
This is Moo the Cute.
There's lots of Moos.
Moo the Cute Iguana.
And Moo was being antsy all day.
It was being a little butt, but that's okay because Moo is cute.
Melody came with us, which was really awesome, but we all went and hung around at the crappy
fair.
It was kind of fun for being a crap fair.
My reaction to seeing the fair was, that's it, so we went to IHOP instead, and I tell
you the IHOP was the happiest place on earth, Dethro and Disneyland, because there was happy
everywhere, it looks like happy. Well, certainly this week anyway. Did you hear about what
happened to Disneyland? That's pretty damn funny. And we were talking about it too. We
were talking about it on the trip and we think it's just because the guy was doing something
stupid because he was up in the front. We think that he was trying to get into the train.
Like he was trying to jump from the train into another one or something? No, trying
I'm trying to get into the front part.
The train derailed and got jammed in the tunnel, then all the cars going that fast smashed into it.
Oh.
That's what happened.
I still think it's that guy's fault.
Let's just blame it on stupidity.
It's a little kid who threw gum on a track or something like that.
Even better, let's blame it on a little kid.
Stupid children.
That child is a murderer and should be hung.
Whoa, that's kind of neat in the chatroom. It looks a little curvy. It looks like a big nose, like Mario's nose or something.
What?
I was looking at the curve that the text took in the chatroom. It was kind of neat looking.
Okay.
I'm sick.
Jamie's going crazy.
Fuck you.
Jamie's taking a little too many meds.
Bummer ferret. You see this? It's mine now.
Give me a ferret.
It's mine.
Give me a ferret.
You have a ferret.
We all sat in our seats and everything, and we had to go find Julie and Krista and Becky
and all of them who weren't going to meet us there.
People you don't know, listeners of Orange On The Radio.
Julie's been in the chat room before.
Oh, that's true.
That's right.
That's right.
She has.
My bad.
Weird Al was awesome and fabulous and there were these stupid fuckers around us smoking
them getting to that later.
I hope they die.
Smoking crack or what?
And then there were these sluts in the row in front of us.
I swear.
They were trying to out hoochie each other.
Wait.
Sluts don't listen to Weird Al.
No.
No.
They were in the front row and they were being sluts.
They were trying to out slut each other.
Trying to be super skank and everything and he was making fun of them the whole show.
It was great.
And because he went to see one of the sluts that was in front of us to make fun of her
during the, what is this song called, the one where he's going through all of the pick
up lines?
I don't know.
I don't listen to enough Weird Al, I like Weird Al, but I don't follow him enough.
He was like right in front of us, so I got a good look at him and everything, and I took
a picture of the back of his head during One More Minute.
So wait, you guys were in the second row?
Well, there was like the priority seating in front of us that was about six
rows that were all blocked off and then, but he came into our area too
to make fun of the sluts, I guess.
He went way back in the whole paid seating area, it was great. That's cool.
Pay for your tickets when you go to the fair, you'll get good seats.
Loki, they went to Fresno
at the Madera County Fair.
But today was Great America, I'm surprised you didn't go.
Because it's forty bucks. Not you, Loki.
I was going to go, but that was supposed to be for my birthday.
But yeah, no one took me.
I didn't know he wanted to go.
I would have taken him.
I had this plan for a month and a half.
I know.
You guys all piled in a van, right?
Yeah, Vandalous took us in his van, his SUV.
It was a comfy SUV, too, and I sort of slept on the way back, but it was a really fun time,
and it was funny watching the skanks shred out, skank each other, but this one girl decided
that she had to dance every time, so we're like, sit your stupid skinny butt down, you're
ugly.
Did she say she was ugly?
No, we just were like, hey, down in front, and she's like, oh, oh, I'm sorry, I'm stupid,
and sat down.
He changed the Yoda chant, well not really changed it, but more like expanded it.
It was pretty cool.
And for those that don't know what the Yoda chant is?
I don't remember how to do the whole Yoda chant.
If you've been to a weird house show, you know the Yoda chant.
He did that stupid, he did the stinky song that was making fun of that stupid personnelly
like I hate.
Let's get in hot in here, so take off all your clothes."
Yeah, I know that one.
They put a bunch of trash cans on the stage, it was great, and they did all about the Pentiums,
and did, of course, one more minute.
Is it just me or is Weird Al getting old?
Shut up.
He's got a baby.
I know.
Well, he didn't have the baby.
Well, his wife has a baby.
But still, I saw him in an interview recently, and I'm like, Weird Al's getting old?
It was weird.
You're getting old too.
I know.
We're all getting old, but he's getting, like, really old.
I still kind of look like my yearbook picture.
He doesn't look very old at all.
He did some of his parody interviews.
I'm moving out in the living room so people can see me.
I want to be on the panel.
He did one with Justin Timberlake and Britney on the TV.
It was great.
Justin Timberlake is the best sock.
The best one was the Celine Dion one.
Oh, shit.
Well, I know when you were a child, you had this traumatic experience where you're going
skiing and your whole family was eaten by cannibals.
He's like, yes, I remember the smell of my mother cooking.
He's like, I bet it was horrible for you.
No, it was fun.
The Avril Lavigne one, he's like, say something incoherently for us.
Well, I don't think, you know, she's going off on something, it was really great.
And the interviews were great.
This is actually, I think, the one tonight is his last show of the tour.
Oh, yeah.
So all you people missed out.
Here's Jamie's chance to rub it in.
With a ferret.
So weird owl, skanks, good songs, good time.
I have pictures, and I took pictures of the fireworks.
Tell me about where you guys went to eat, because this is a funny story.
I hop.
I told you about I hop.
You told me about it?
Did you tell them?
I hope it was the happiest place on earth, because it looked like Happy up and threw
up all over it.
It's like Happy decided to pop and go, oh, I'm happy, happy, puke, and the whole place
was covered in happy faces.
So it looked like a Walmart.
Yeah.
Walmart is not a happy place.
It made Walmart look like the sewer.
rat-infested
Sewer that it is, but anyway, I'll talk about that later much later, and I have issues with Walmart this week
But it was it was too happy and then today. I
We got home at like 3 30 long enough for me to do a little
Post-lit in my life journal, and then I passed out and was dead for a while, and then I got up early
I have to interject a pixie dust comment from the chat room.
It says, well, rub it in all you want, but IHOP has the rooty-tooty fresh and free.
I had pumpkin pancakes, and that's much better.
You know what the best pancake is, though?
Pumpkin.
No, the one that looks like the smiley face.
No, pumpkin.
The smiley face.
Pumpkin.
It had pumpkin syrup.
Oh, it's so good.
So today?
Oh, pumpkin.
Today, I felt like shit, and I felt like shit when I went home, because I'm still sick and
I shouldn't have gone, and I had to go around the livestock, but I got to shoot a man yesterday.
Oh yeah, you shot a guy like 33 times?
They had a paintball thing, and I was shooting little targets.
I shot a bunny in the head, and I shot a teddy bear in the ass, and I was shooting all the
small targets, and then I decided to use my last 20 or so shots on the
man himself who was just standing there all padded up.
I got him in the head.
And it was the real guy.
Real guy, all bundled up in paintball gear.
I shot him in the head.
I shot him in his heart.
I shot him in his groin.
I shot him in the right kneecap enough to make him back up a step.
And I shot him a bunch of other places, and I think I shot him in the
eyeball once, but he was wearing goggles, so it wasn't much fun.
I was like, oh, no more?
Was there a little heckler there, too, that was telling you to shut up?
Who is this?
Some stupid little kid.
You can curse on OrangeHawn's radio.
It's OK.
I don't feel like cursing.
I feel like being clean today because I'm sick.
You know I'm sick when I'm talking like a good little girl.
Fuck him.
Stupid little kid.
OK.
Stupid little kid.
OK.
Hit it.
Hit the guy.
Hit the guy.
Don't hit the little thing.
Hit the guy.
Hit the man.
I'm like, OK.
This is where Vandalous is going.
I told the kid, okay, don't talk when I'm shooting or I'll shoot you.
I didn't say that.
I was like, don't talk, do me a favor kid, don't talk when I'm shooting.
But it's fun.
I was like, no, it's not.
I would have turned that gun right around and opened fire.
Oh, the thing was so touchy.
I could have had that thing go, blub, blub, blub, blub, blub, blub, die.
It was a very touchy gun.
But we all shot people, it was good.
I've done that with the water gun, but they only turned so far, you can't really shoot
your neighbor, but you can get a stream point.
I could have pulled this thing completely out and gone on a murderous paintball rampage.
Why would you?
Because there weren't enough children around.
Just that one kid and he wasn't worth me wasting the ammo I paid for.
It was a good time and today I felt really crappy.
I took a picture of a cow that was acting like a cat hunched down like Shermie does,
the camera licking his shoulder. I'm cute. I think I'm a cat, but I'm really a cow, boo.
We came up with some retarded animal sounds. Moo. Moo. I think that was... Okay. We were
in the IHOP going, yay, and then talking about animals. Somebody was saying earlier in the
chat room that Weird Al should be in Bamani. No. No, I don't think so either. I don't want
Bimani to ruin Weird Al, but Weird Al should do a parody of a Bimani song.
No.
I think he should.
He'd make like, Love Me Do the Polka.
That would be great, a Bimani polka, come on.
Tell me that would not be beautiful.
I don't think he'd do it.
I-I-I-I am your little butterfly.
No.
No.
No smell-decay polka, thank you.
But anyway, I was sick all day, but we went out for lunch with somebody in this room.
Hi.
Hi.
And it was lots of fun, and then I picked up my Transformers comics today like I do
every Sunday.
Uh-huh.
And came back home, and Melody took a nap with Shermie.
Aww.
And I bummed her out online and then she went home but she's coming back because her laptop's
at my house.
So we'll have a special surprise visit from Shark's Girl in a little while.
Surprise!
Surprise!
So I might have to leave a bit early but I'm doing other things here too.
Yeah, my clothes are visiting too.
Yes, lankystyle has it.
He says superstar polka style.
No!
No!
I'm here today.
That earned you a fap in the head by the ferret.
Did you say a fap in the head?
I said a fap.
I thought she said a fap.
Okay, it earned you a fap in the head by the ferret.
The ferret will hump your head.
The ferret will fap you in the head.
Anyway.
But I still, I'm, you know, not feeling very well right now.
Don't expect much out of me, but whining and angst.
You can't whine with your angst today.
What do we expect from you usually?
Shut up.
You need to be funny and excited and bouncy and you know what, on top of that, my purse
is dead, which puts me off, so I'm going to use my bunny backpack.
My bunny backpack broke, so now I have it rigged because it's the only thing I have.
I have to go buy a new purse.
I don't have any money.
And I have to put on the credit card, probably, because I need a purse, and Matt's humping
the chair.
He's fapping the chair.
You're fapping the chair.
You were faced the other way.
Oh, John Field suggests a bye-bye baby balloon polka.
A polka polka!
Yes!
No!
I don't have energy.
Stand up!
Stand up!
Stand up!
Stand up!
Why?
Stand up!
I don't want to stand up.
No!
Stand up!
I'm standing up.
Ow!
No polka!
I only want polka!
I want a Joga Polka, come on. I want Trance Polka.
The Beauty of Silence Polka. The Beauty of Polka!
That's a remix you should do.
I'm sorry, I don't make crap.
Is T-Dog listening? Maybe he could make a Beauty of Polka.
Don't put it past him. That's my new name, T-Dog.
You know who?
Newt!
Well said, huh?
Anyway...
Hi Newt!
Is that all you have to say about your day and your week?
I think I have a fever again
and I have to go to work tomorrow
You don't have to
Unless you want to get fired
I have a doctor's excuse though
so nah
And I'm on lots of drugs
I have to snort liquid cocaine
cocaine. Cool. I don't know. It's called Nasrel. It's like burned. It's like inhaling snot
but on fire. It's really disgusting. Ferb is criticizing my pronunciation of Domdaryam.
It's Domdaryam. Domdaryam. Domdaryam. How about Domdaryam? No. Daryam. I like Daryam
because it sounds like derriere. It's a stupid JOGA song. Stupid JOGA song. From now on...
You know what? I don't care if my pronunciation of Dom Doyon was a little odd and wrong because
the British say everything odd. So, you know what? Shut up! That's mean. I'm just kidding.
So in Kick Rob... You're closer. Kick Rob for me. No. Okay. Anyway, let's go on to Loki
if you're done talking about your week I'm gonna tickle my laundry
K I think your wash is done because I don't hear it spinning anymore. In the meantime we'll talk to Loki
I have a long board. I have a long board. It was alright
I didn't do anything. Sat there. Rotting away at work
I want spinners tonight
those are going to be for my BeatMania controller. And what is a spinner?
It's exactly that. It spins. It's a little controller. Like a top?
Like a knob.
Spins like a knob.
You bought a knob.
Two knobs.
Anyways, so, um, I bought those and then, um, pretty much worked on my pads a little bit.
Have all the metal bent on them now.
And, um, made a remix, did some show.
Yes, we have a new Loki remix coming soon.
Tonight. At some point. Yes?
at some point yes i already finished it i said during the show
maybe next break then
maybe maybe alright i dedicated it to the uh...
that around railroad train the crash
okay
so we have the uh...
whatever song it's going to be big thunder mountain mixer witnesses
well i like that one better i want to change it
but it was just going to be called the rail mix but uh... the big but i like
I like the big Thunder Mountain mix.
How many of your remixes have I named?
This is at least the second or third one.
I named another one. There was another one I named.
It was Matrix 1, Gravity Reloaded.
Yeah, uh-huh.
I rule. You just don't want to admit it.
Whatever.
Since I have money, I have to go buy the...
I was shopping for a computer today for my main cabinet,
and that was expensive, so I didn't buy it.
and I was going to shop for parts online for the main cabinet.
That was also expensive, so I didn't buy it.
And so pretty much, it's just pricing stuff right now
and working on it and that kind of thing.
But anyways.
Mikey style says a spinner is a short, thin girl.
Loki buying that online?
Never.
And two of them.
I resent that, because one day I'm going to invent the one that women can have, and
that
my friend there to have cocks for women
the bajai cock
no
i have that will she's not really a friend i guess anymore but this girl
that i know who's really responsible and is kind of stupid
she said she wanted a dick
so that she could whip it out and piss on people
all right we know what happens when people wish for dicks okay we've already watched that
movie i haven't
having a dick
it isn't all that because when you get a dick
When you get a dick, you get balls as well, and people can kick you there, and imagine
like your entire three day...
I've often said it's much better to be a woman.
Imagine your whole three days worth of cramps piled into five seconds of intense pain.
That's what being kicked in the balls feels like.
Yeah, but the five seconds goes away.
You have no idea what cramps feel like.
Imagine having pain that makes you puke.
Somebody once told me what having a baby felt like.
it's like pulling your lower lip over your head.
That's what somebody told me it was.
Family guy.
It's off a family guy, you freaking loser.
There was a movie that described it as trying to push something the size of a watermelon
out of something, a hole the size of a pea.
I think it was a lemon.
A lemon, yeah.
And that was Chasing Amy.
Giving birth sucks and I'm never going to do it.
That's why they cut open your stomach and pulled a damn kid out.
It's just like, what the hell's the point?
It's like trying to shove a piano through a door when there's a perfectly good window
right there.
I mean, I don't see the point.
And that's why men will never have babies.
The genius of Loki on Orange Lounge Radio.
You know what?
It's bad enough that the world has to deal with me.
I'm not putting any more children on this earth, but congratulations to those who have,
Oh yeah, I found out this week that my sister's probably going to need brain surgery.
Really?
Yeah, because she has something wrong with her pituitary gland or something like that
that's causing her cells, and I quote, went crazy.
And so they're like, that affects how much your blood's produced and other crap like
that.
So they have to operate or possibly treat medication.
Ouch.
Sure it is.
How was that funny?
I don't know.
It's not life threatening, so it's not bad.
I would imagine having someone operate on your brain itself
is life threatening.
Would you like, oh, hi, we're going to open your head
and poke with your brain.
It doesn't hurt, it kind of tickles.
And you've had brain surgery, that would explain it.
That would explain a few things.
No, yeah, so not much going on other than my birthday
this week, but you know.
Happy birthday.
Yeah, it hasn't occurred yet.
9-11 is when my birthday is.
But I'm thinking in advance, because I'm not going to.
Well, I might be over here.
Anyways, but yeah, so I went ahead
and we kind of had a little party for me on Saturday
for just kind of because my mom's
going to be out of town for both my birthday and my sister's
birthday, so kind of lumped us all together
and did all that kind of thing.
Happy collective birthday.
Yes.
And so that was kind of cool.
And then, I don't know what's going on this week.
Supposed to go out to dinner with my girlfriend on Thursday.
And yeah, that's about it.
My turn.
My week was kind of shitty because I was, like Jamie,
I was sick.
I didn't have quite the multiple layers of infection
that she had in the end.
Oh yeah, I had a sinus infection too.
And they tested me for strep throat, but I don't have it.
I was just feeling like shit.
And it wasn't to the point where I'm like,
ah, I got to go to a doctor.
Because I just went to the doctor a couple of weeks ago for something else, and after
that whole experience I didn't want to go back for a while, so I just kind of slept
it off.
Literally, I went to work, I would come home, nap, wake up for an hour, and go to bed.
That was my week, pretty much.
It sucked.
And then I had this huge thing on my arm.
I don't know if it's a zit or what, but I saw one of my exes on Thursday who I hadn't
in quite a while. And of course, he's got one of those sarcastic kinds of humor. And
no, it is not AIDS. He said, it looks like I do drugs.
It's who it is. So now I'm kind of like, oh, cool, I can go
around and show people at work. Like people at work probably think I do drugs. That's
pretty cool. But then I show my mother and she's like,
you've got a bone. It's an infected blood vessel and you're going to die if you don't
go to the doctor and get it taken care of. Have you tried Lansing yet?
Well, I can't, but it's going down, so why make a big deal out of it if it's going down?
That's why I told her.
Well, make sure that you take Benadryl.
Benadryl.
Take him before bed, people.
Knock your ass out.
That's what I've been living on is Benadryl at night.
That's my anti-drug.
My mother also told me something very scary yesterday that made me kind of want to hit
her.
What?
She said, I'm so in love with Cher that I think I'm a lesbian, and then she laughed.
And I was like, don't you EVER say that again!
This is alarming!
That is very alarming!
You know, I wouldn't say it's too much lesbianism there, because she is quite mannish.
Cher that is.
She sounds like a, she sings like a horse.
That was pretty much my response.
She doesn't look like a horse.
For those who wonder, Cher was actually doing a concert in Sacramento last night.
It was her farewell tour.
Second time she's been here, by the way, on the farewell tour.
We went the first time, so we didn't see the need to go the second time.
I know why she's doing a farewell tour, because she's running out of things to do plastic
surgery on.
Seriously.
But the second time, Cyndi Lauper wasn't opening, so it wasn't worth going to, because the first
time Cyndi Lauper was opening, so I was like, okay, cool.
But this time, some other Shmo was opening, so forget it.
So I decided to go out last night because I'm feeling better.
So I went out with my buddy Matt.
I was supposed to go to some barbeque with Irene and Brad, but they never called me.
I went out with Matt instead.
We went to the Streets of London, which is a little pub downtown.
We went to this place and I ate this huge plate of...
The Streets of London has the best fish and chips.
Well, I didn't have that.
I had a big plate of fries covered in cheese and bacon.
Mmm, fat, yes.
Chips.
Sorry.
Chips, cheese, and bacon.
dad. Stupid British slang. So we went there, and I actually drank beer, but it was Guinness,
so I'm forgiven.
Guinness is beautiful. Guinness is the drink of the gods.
After that, we went over to the Depot because it was kind of late. We didn't really want
to go dancing, dancing. So we went over to the Depot, which is a gay bar in Sacramento.
Me and my friend Matt, the Ice Princess, been on this show before. We went over there and
then we met a whole bunch of other people there. We met two people he knew from online
and we met Phoenix, also Corey. You may or may not have met him. I don't know if you
have before or not. And then our other friend Joshy, who's leaving town, we just had a good
old time. We were partying it up. But this is the funny thing. It was the Cher concert
after party. So they started playing just like nonstop Cher stuff and we're like, okay,
we have to go. And we went to this new burger joint they opened up next door. It's a brand
new burger joint. It's a gay burger joint in the gay district of Sacramento. It's called
hot rods. I didn't get to play pinball at the depot last night, though. That made me
sad. There was actually people on them all night, but they have pinball at the depot.
Was there good food, though, at the hot rods?
Hot rods, actually, the fries are damn good. It's a lot like In-N-Out, the place, but they
have more. They have garden burgers if you want them. They have turkey burgers if you
you want them. They have the hot dogs if you're into that, chicken strips, whatever. They
have way bigger menu. Some people like hot dogs.
Some people like Polish dogs. Okay. I'm not Chinese, so I don't eat dog. What'd you say,
Yeah, well, I'm not... Wait, no, I don't know if it's Chinese that eats... I can't remember.
Hello?
Eee, I can't reach the ferret.
Come in!
Hello!
Hi!
Sharks Girl's here! Not by choice.
Speak to our people.
Well, Sharks Girl, why don't you tell... We're all sitting around doing, how was your week, how was your day?
Why don't you tell us, how was your week and how was your day?
Week sucked. Yesterday was good. Today was good until about what, 6 p.m.?
Then it has sucked balls from there on out and I want to say for the record
Folsom sucks and has no cell phone reception.
I get cell phone reception at my house. I've dropped like
four times since I got off the 50.
Ouch. Sorry. Okay.
We're going to take a quick break and get back on track. We have a lot of
money news we want to talk about here
yeah there's a trip
the track not in disneyland
uh...
okay rob's going to hell
the
we're going to kick off this break with a brand new loki remix loki would you
like to tell us about your mix
and name on it
always got to change the name on it but
why you change the name tells
tell something about the mix
uh...
cool and stuff. No, I don't know. It was just, um, I needed something to mix together and
this just kind of worked for some reason. So, yeah, it's, um, stoic, the big thunder
mountain mix. All right. This is Loki's brand newest remix. This is stoic, the big thunder
mountain mix. You're on the brand is newest, not just brand is new, the brand is newest.
Here it is, Stoic, the big Thunder Mountain mix, here on Orange Lounge Radio.
music
music
Hey, I like that.
That was pretty cool. That was Stoic, the big Thunder Mountain mix. That was kind of
neat. I have to agree with the chatroom. It kind of sounded a little bit like porn, but
it definitely choo-chooed along there. For once, he didn't use gravity. Let's give him
a hand first, staying away from gravity. Now you've got to do one that's not tack. I don't
know if you can do it. But I like the little bitsaholic there at the end, too. That was
kind of cool. So that was nice. I like that. Good job. Anything, anybody want to say something
about it? Oh, okay. I think we'll go back to break because we got other people doing
other errands or whatever. So we're going to play some more songs and we'll be back
I've got the rhythm in my veins Can't wait to see what you've got
You can find it every day, if you want
And it's so well to take a shit
This game is ready and ready to play
King of the night, he gives me all the time
Walking on the fire, yes I'm burning
Dancing to the lights, the groove is just fine
Don't stop the music, speed up the night
I wanna music, don't stop my imagination
To carry on
Leave me alone if I'm not right
And why?
Leave me alone so many days
Just to give you so many nights
Leave me alone if I'm not right
Tell me why
Now tell me why, now tell me why, now tell me why
Music
Listen to Orange Lounge Radio
Because Bongo demands it.
Hello, and welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio.
And tomorrow, perfume, we heard in that break,
which is kind of part of the Bamani news we've
been hearing about this week.
Is that a remedy to today's stink?
Or as our resident comedian, Lanky Style, says in the chat room,
have you heard the new DJ Taka song sampled for 2DX 10th style?
It's called Yesterday Cologne.
Mm, I like today's stink.
That sounds like something I would have read on Moondabore's blog.
All the fake Bomani news.
I like today's musk.
Anyway,
the reason why that's kind of part of the Bomani news is that I guess
I don't know how they do this. You're going to have to explain this again, Loki. I know you did.
We went through this once before with Max 1 USA, if you can believe the show's
been on the air that long.
But I guess something to do with the demo disk, you hack
the disk, and you see a master list of songs.
And in that list of songs, we saw Tomorrow Perfume, which
indicates Tomorrow Perfume will be an
unlock in Max 2 USA.
Or not.
Or not.
Or not.
It may be.
It may be.
Because what happens is, and as this was explained by this
guy on the boards called Dancer X, he explained that
with every new home release, there's an updated master list of every single song that's ever
been in DDR, pretty much, or so to say, everything that's pretty much in that version of the
DDR engine or whatever. So, in this case, we're going to have, with this list, it's
pretty much both what's going to be in Dancing Stage Fever and what's in, going to be in
Max 2 USA because they both use the same engine, so it's hard to determine what's going to
be in what. But that was one of the songs that was mentioned in there along with More
Deep from, I think, isn't that 2DX6 style or something like that?
I saw, yeah. Yeah, that's going to be in there. But those
are some of the ones that are supposed to be in there. There's another one, one of the
ones that kind of grabbed people's attention was, and it's a really odd name, is called
max and then there's a period after it. So I guess either it's just like max or max period.
Was max unlimited also in the list? Yes, same with Legend of Max. Someone also thought it
might be Paranoia Survivor Max but that was also in the list. Could the period just be
funky Japanese writing? I don't know. It probably not because each song has a pretty much a
a four letter ID for it. And so, it's not going to necessarily be funky writing. Like
for instance, if it was like, you know, one of the Japanese songs, you know, like Freckles
or whatever or, you know, something with Japanese writing, it would be spelled out in Romangi.
Now because of this hacking of the disk, they've kind of had to go and reveal some things,
some more things about DDR Max 2 USA. And I've always kind of hated this, I know something
you don't know business about Max 2, I understand the desire to create like, I don't know what
you'd call it, like people wanting to drool, not superiority, just wanting to surprise
people or whatever, wanting to tease things and stuff like that. But you know, the guessing
games and all that garbage, sometimes it kind of makes me wish they'd stay out of it. You
You know what I mean?
I don't know.
I just don't like the whole fact that there's this whole,
I know something you don't know attitude about a lot of
this stuff, and it just makes me bitter.
Anyway, here's what we do know.
Here's what we've been told.
When they hacked the disk, they tried to bring up the
song samples.
Because if you remember when the Max 1 disk was hacked,
they were able to get song samples, and that's how they
found that there was a drop to bomb remix on there, is that
somebody hacked out the sound sample from the demo disc. Well, they got smarter this
time and none of those samples are in there. It just had the four samples for the songs
but it had a Midnight Blaze remix in there which has been revealed to be the information
screen music. Whoop-a-doo. And for those who don't know, it's probably the same damn remix
that was on the V-Rare CD with Max 2. Ooh, don't care. And then what else did we learn
because of this?
Feelings Won't Fade.
Feelings Won't Fade, that's another song that's going to be in there because, gee, did I call
that before? Well, Feelings Won't Fade was the credit music in Max 2 Japanese, so I don't
It just kind of makes sense.
It's another System SF song and people like that, so whatever.
What else do we hear about?
MAX-II US has a color-coded song system, meaning that kind of like how MAX-II Japan, you had
all these different colors of songs in there.
You had the new songs were one color, the old songs were another color, the ONI remixes
were another color.
They're going to do that as well with this.
And so default songs are green, that are new to the US, 27 of them.
Repeats US songs, because there was a few of those in there.
I believe Shining Polaris is coming back, and there's a few others, I think, Silent
Hills one.
Repeats are blue.
There's 13 repeats.
Unlocks are yellow, and there's 20 unlocks, pretty good amount.
Challenge step unlocks are purple, and there's seven of them.
the special red unlocks, there's two of them, which, assumably, have been maxed, unlimited,
and calculated. Yeah, pretty much. I don't know. I'm still, I don't believe that there's
not the samples on the disk because they're lazy and stupid and they're gonna leave crap
like that. They fuck up every single US mix ever made. Every single one's been fucked
up in some way and lazy in some way as far as, you know, so I'm gonna look myself on
in this disc to see if I can fight it. Just because they might have not found it the conventional
way doesn't mean it's not still there. Burning heat's been confirmed, it's an unlock. What
else did they confirm? Oh yes, the oni mode is not in the game. Oni mode will not be in
the game. Nonstop, yes. Oni mode, no. I prefer nonstop. And in it's place, in oni mode's
place will be challenge mode. Like the challenge on fourth mix type stuff? That's cool. That's
what I heard is going to be the difference. They're going to have a challenge mode to
unlock these things. And I like that better to be honest because I think Oni's are retarded.
But that's what they're going to be doing I guess. Here's why Oni's are retarded and
I'm glad they're staying in the arcade. Because playing on a home pad, you miss all the fucking
time. It's just part of playing at home. I don't care if you have Ignition 59.0 or whatever
dance pad that's top of the line. You still, it's not as good as the real hundreds and
hundreds of dollars metal stage you play out on the arcade. Thank you. So nonstop was a
better choice.
Three John.
But it's just weird that they have, now that explains it, Loki, because I had a question.
How is it that they have the challenge step songs as unlocks when there's no Oni mode
or challenge mode or whatever they're calling it in the US. That makes sense to me
because I'm kinda like
wait a minute, so you're not gonna have only mode but you're gonna have these only unlocked songs
and you're gonna have, unless they go back and make basic trick and maniac steps
which I doubt they will
they're only gonna have one set of steps. Hopefully I'll be pleasantly
surprised if somebody's gone back and made basic and trick steps
because we all, I think we all can, we all have accepted that the challenge steps will just be
the maniac steps.
They can do it in five minutes.
Loki can do it.
Loki will come make steps for you.
Well, no, what's sad is they have steps for a few songs,
like, for instance, Hysteria 2001 and Before You, Before
There's a Beat Mix.
They're both in Euromix, too.
They have their own basic and trick steps for it.
They're just too lazy to put those over into the US mixes.
It's sad.
We think.
We speculate to this point.
We won't know for sure until September 24.
I'm still not making a comment.
I'm still
going on record saying I'm supporting whatever Konami is going to do.
Officially supporting.
I'll have the game.
I don't think there's any doubt that any of us, that we're going to buy the
game. It will be
it'll be the best mix to date, home release to date. There's no doubt about
that.
So we all know that MaxUSA
blew everything else out of the way. It blew Max Japan out of the water. I'm sorry. I don't
care what you think about the Japanese. It was superior in every way to Max Japan. And
Max 2 USA will probably be superior in every way to Max Japan. But as rabid fans, we're
going to bitch about everything that wasn't done the way we wanted it to. So, that being
said, I believe that covers everything that's been confirmed this week for Max 2 USA. Do
Do we know any more of those songs?
I was trying to find that list of songs
that were found in the hacks.
I know one that kind of struck me as interesting
was Don't Call Me Baby by Madison Avenue,
because I haven't seen that announced for either game yet.
So it's an unlock in one of the games.
More than likely, probably, the European one,
because I don't think they have as much of the European lists
to do this one.
So some of the other ones, I think, were in there.
I'm trying to look up the list here.
I think Turn the Beat Around was another one, maybe, or Saturday Night Fever or something
like that.
There was one that was an old school song that I just can't remember which one it was.
There's a bunch of stuff on there.
There's another Spice Girls song in there, I think.
But that's obviously going to be friggin' European, so yay!
Don't care.
Anyway, that's the big Bahmani news this week.
I haven't really heard of anything else going on in the Bahmani world this week.
Anybody know anything interesting going on otherwise?
Not that I've noticed.
What?
I haven't really noticed anything.
I think that the only activity is going on over here.
What?
The Max2USA?
Yeah, I think that's really the only thing going on.
We have Extreme in Japan coming out in October, but I think we all kind of know what to expect,
because the Japanese ones, we always know what to expect, because they're going to be
just like the arcade ones, pretty much.
It's just the song list is always a question, and what's going to be an unlock, and hopefully
Extreme Japan doesn't suck.
There's a lot of people always already kind of pushing it and selling it as it's going
to be the best home release yet.
It's going to be even better than Max 2 USA.
Personally, I doubt it's going to be better than Max 2 USA.
I just, Extreme just sucked for me.
Even the arcade version.
I mean, sure, it had an assload of songs, but not that many new, new, new, new songs.
Just a bunch of recycled shit from other games.
I actually say that Extreme got me back into playing DDR.
I think Extreme scared me away from DDR.
I'm not a big fan of Extreme.
I think, honestly, when it all said and done, I think I'm just really bitter at the fact
that the Dance Mania tracks were...
was like what seven of them licensed and they weren't that great there was maybe
two good ones out of the whole bunch and just I like it for playing all the old
stuff yeah I don't know it's half the time I go there I didn't played stuff
from 2dx or sort of a solo if I want to play a 2dx song I'm gonna play 2dx I
don't I don't like dancing the a it's kind of stupid well then don't play a I
don't mean I don't dance to be either the only 2dx songs like a holic every
Every time I play.
I play stoic.
That's kind of fun to dance to.
It has interesting steps that are challenging, but it's a whole extreme.
What's weird is I actually have been getting back into DDR more lately.
I've been playing a little more DDR lately, but it's been any machine I can find really.
It's not just extreme.
I played fourth plus yesterday.
I had a ball until I almost killed myself playing too many hard songs.
That's what I get for being out of shape, by the way.
I play a bunch of catastrophes back to back and I almost have an asthma attack in the
military arcade.
But I'll just have to practice more often.
Here's some of the songs that were on there.
Some of the new ones on the list.
Come on Eileen, Groove is in the Heart, Stayin' Alive.
That was the one.
I was thinking of Stayin' Alive, Get Down Tonight.
Then they have, of course, Take Me Away.
That's one of the ones.
A Stupid Barber, Teenage Kicks, Scorching Moon, A Little Bit of Ecstasy, All That She
Wants, Ace of Base, Of Course Heaven, Cool For Cats, Jump Around, One Step Beyond, The
Boys Are Back in Town, 20-20 Vision, Dizzy, Virtuality, Music, The Bowstick Remix, which
is by Darude, and then of course Busy Child and Feelings Won't Fade. Those are the new
licensed songs. Bad Routine was another one that was in there, and More Deep version.21,
or whatever.
I want someone to do a routine to Bad Routine.
And Keep on Lifting from last time. Remember how I said Keep on Lifting? No Nemesis, makes
me sad.
Yeah, no Nemesis. What happened there? Nemesis would be kind of... It's not a dance song.
I'm sorry. Whoever cut that, it was a good idea. I hope they put something else in this
Max period. Who knows? I think it's just something to screw with people. I think it's just something
to screw with people.
Maybe it's just a placeholder.
I think it's a... I don't think it means shit. Maybe it's something for challenge mode. Who
knows?
But that would be cool if it wasn't. Yes. Yes, it would be.
best DDR game yet. It's got nothing but licensed songs from all these decades of music. It's
got the fucking Spice Girls. That's rad. But the weirdest thing about it is that it's
for the PS2 and PS1. I find that very strange that they made a version for each system.
So do you think they'll run off different engines or something? Or what do you think
will happen? I bet you the CD one won't have the videos, obviously. It'll probably be a
to be a fifth mix. Pretty much. I think it's going to be fifth mix engine and you're going
to have the other one that's just, I don't know, probably just max two obviously. But
because it's a PS1 version, I can import that because I have a modded, you know, PlayStation
stuff. That'd be cool. You're special. Okay. Any, why don't you tell us about what's going
huge dance song here. I guess the question would be, somebody's got to determine where
they're really licensing these songs from and you could probably figure it out with
the record companies involved in everything. Like, what, EuroMix II had stuff licensed
from Zomba, right? But it was never really said where the licenses from the last Max
USA was coming from. SyFam, but Sandstorm's not a SyFam song, so there's somebody else
involved too. So, who knows? Who knows? Please put my song in DVR. I need exposure.
Maybe that. Maybe, in the case of Steve Reiner. But hey,
Dark Black Forest, I know a lot of people think it's played out.
It's the most annoying song ever. Whatever. I totally disagree. I think it was
the best licensed song they had in Max USA, and I think it's awesome.
I would like Sandstorm better. If I had to admit, their cover for Dancing
This age figure is pretty gay.
It's really retarded.
I want to set that girl on fire.
Anyway, we'll be back.
And I think I played this song last week, but I don't care
because the song rules.
And Jamie wanted to hear more DDR songs tonight, so I'm
going to play a DDR song I want to hear.
And it's going to be in Max 2 USA, and that is good.
Okay.
You got an easy day, you got an easy day
Someone call me, call me
Shizuka in a room, there in the city
So I'll take you to the north of me
You've got a busy day, you've got a busy day
I kill a man, you're all alone
You do that, get the hug, you do that on your own
You can't sit here, dashing in
All that you do is tell me
That I love you, can't let go of me
But no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Yeah, ooh, tell ya, you got the moves
You can't lie down, no, don't go down
So go ahead and make me shine
Come on, come on, rockin' like a song
Can you meet on the count of money on it?
Yeah, so me and you go and you can't
Can you meet on the count of money on it?
Jesus knows I'm ready for the way down
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio because real radio makes Captain Jack cry.
Hello everybody and welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio episode.59.
We're back after some discussion on Max2USA and How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day.
Shark Skrull's been gone for what, about 30 minutes now I'd say?
Not that long.
Not that long?
Where in the world is Melody?
At my house probably.
I'm not funny at all today, I understand that.
And our anti-funny is Rob.
You are a, yeah, my anti-fun is wrong. Anyway, Loki, how about a sim update, sir? Oh, you
want me to do stuff? Okay. But anyways, let's see, StepMania came out with Beta 4 Alpha
4, I don't know what the fuck they're on now. I think it's like Alpha 4 Beta something.
Real much going on other than, you know, tons of SIM files coming out.
Shoei released another part of the DDR SIM file history collection.
More files from sites you've never heard of and other than that, like I said, not too much.
Pretty much if you're looking for SIM files, there are a couple places you can go.
Go to DDR Maniacs and check out in the community news section,
there's something about the sim file DC hub, that's direct connect hub. You'll find a bunch
of people in there with thousands of files that you can go leech off of. Also, there's
going to be, you know, Bamai style which you can find a bunch of cool stuff there. And
then you can also get on your, off your ass and go do some searches on the internet and
find your damn files yourself, you lazy bastard. So, ha, I have to laugh about, oh yeah, there's
some thing going on with DDR Freak about getting official SIM file collections because, you
know, no one has them anymore except for me and, you know, they can go fuck themselves
because, not DDR Freak but the project. The project that just happens to be on DDR Freak
Because, you know, I'm not sharing.
So, what have we established? A, you're a pirate. R, and B, you're a selfish pirate.
R, walk me plank.
You butt-head, you need to be kicked.
Why? Someone never spanked you when you were little.
No, but I think she's taking, I think, uh, you know who's taking care of that now
that, you know, Loki's twenty,
in his twenties and all.
I don't get spanked from her.
Not from her, but, you know, your girlfriend.
I don't get spanked from her.
Never?
Never!
You guys are boring.
Hello! TMI alert, thank you.
No, I mean, like, literally, like, kick his butt a few times.
Uh-huh, nice recovery. Oh, he's into the rough stuff.
You know, men need women to keep them in line.
Not for us, you guys would just fuck this planet up.
Sure.
You know, because all those crazy women drivers out there causing accidents,
tying up our freaking highways and byways.
Hey, I'm a good driver.
Yeah.
Just give me an evil look.
You are so dead when I'm over my sick.
You know what?
You can't hurt me.
I have the power of plane crashes.
You're going to catch multiple infection disease from her if you're not careful.
You know what? I'm immune. Oh my god, Jamie, how's the SARS?
I do not have SARS. It's monkey pox. I'm immune.
Oh my god. I heard that SARS was coming back. Like, it was a big thing on Yahoo.
Hey, be it, you know, it's like, it's like, it's like leaf garret, okay? All of a sudden, SARS
making a comeback, right?
And, I, what if you have SARS, Jamie? I don't have SARS.
How do you know? I've never been to China.
Have you been in contact with any Canadians lately?
Namely in the Toronto area?
Is Marin Chan the secretly Canadian?
Oh my God, my spinners are coming from Toronto.
They're probably laced with SARS.
Oh my God, they're SARS infested spinners.
You can shut up.
Okay, before we get killed, I think now's a good time to get into the Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match.
I'm ready for the fuck yous of the week.
I still think this song is still my word.
called Face the Change, and it's remixed by Dirt Devils and Above and Beyond, very cool.
They do a lot of great remixes. They did Madonna's What it Feels Like for a Girl video remix,
and they also did M, Yumi Hamasaki's M, which is a great sim file.
Alright, here it is, last week's winner, and this first song you can vote for in the Orange
Oh, and if you want to vote, get to our chat room www.calibomani.com, click on Orange Lounge
and click on Chat. And then you can vote in tonight's cage match. It's just that simple.
The winning song goes into rotation all week long on Orange Lounge Radio. Here's song number
one. This is Every Little Thing, Cyber Trance with Face the Change, Dirt Devils and Above
and Beyond Remix. And you only hear a clip of it because it won last week. Here it is.
See you all in the next video!
Oh
Oops, dead air, sorry.
Sorry.
Good air.
My bad.
You want to take the next song, Jamie, or you want me to?
Why not?
You're going to do it?
Yeah, why not?
Are you okay?
I'm having a nap.
You sound sleepy.
I'm taking a nap.
Okay.
Well, before you nap, tell us about your song pick for this week.
It's a remix of Tori Amos' Sugar.
I'm so proud of Jamie.
She picked Tori Amos this week.
Okay.
It's a good song, and it sounds all dark and depressed.
This is a dark and depressing trance remix of Tori Amos with Sugar.
This is song number two you can vote for tonight.
Dark sacrifice pick.
Here it is.
The whole song.
Don't fight me, I'm not strong Don't save me, I'm too weak
I'll be there
Do you like the day?
Do you like the night?
Do you like the sun?
Do you like the day?
Shilla
Get in with them
And sugar, bring me sugar
And all the ramen free
Bring me many things for sugar
You bring me up
As far as I can tell
I've been too young to fall
Just in my heart tonight
If you were that good
I don't know me
And I'm the one you know, you say you found me out
You bring me sugar, you bring me sugar You know I'd rather bring you, you bring me
They bring many things but sugar
It brings me sugar
And all the rotten things
They bring many things but sugar
I wish you love
I wish you love
tonight
tonight
Okay, that was Tori Amos with Sugar, the trance remix.
uh... lucky
and i it was
mellow
give it a seven
i'd reach where you can do no wrong
uh...
it's it sounds like a fan remix to me
i don't know if it sounds a little love
and what i was a little beyond all it's just what i would like you a little
agree he was thinking about also look for but it's pretty damn well done
I can't see myself giving it a ten for some reason, but a nine. Nine and a half, even.
I do really like that. That was very good. And Tory is the shit.
I would be a horrible gay man if I were to give Tory a low score.
Anyway...
I love that the remix fit the song.
It does. It does really fit the song. Have you heard the original of that song?
Not in a very long time.
Yeah, the remix fits it very well, so whoever remixed that did a damn good job.
I would not be sad if that won at all.
I actually like all of tonight's cage match songs.
Usually there's one I'm kind of like, eh, hope it doesn't win, but tonight, I don't
care what wins.
They're all good.
So, my pick, song number three, now I knew that Loki won last week.
He had a trance song.
I knew Jamie was bringing a trance mix.
So usually when, you know, I know of trance, that there's going to be two trance songs
and I try to do something different, like crazy, like I'll do something really like
stupid crazy.
usually that ends up being a Kylie Minogue song of some sort but tonight I
thought you know what I don't really want to play Kylie Minogue. Yeah how dare you put Kylie against Tori. Tori would up and kick her ass.
No so I thought I'm not gonna put in Kylie Minogue instead I'm gonna put in
her sister Danny Minogue because Danny Minogue is starting a singing career so I'm
gonna put in a song by her. This is Danny Minogue with Put the Needle on it
the Jason Nevins ultra pop radio edit and I heard this last night at the club
and I liked it a lot, so it's my entry for tonight's cage match. Here it is, enjoy.
I got the place, you got the time, I'm just gettin' my list, did I make you blush?
I let you in, switch in, the temperature is rising so hot, I may wanna take my clothes off
You trip inside, you trip inside, let the music make you rise up
Dirty hand is what I demand, let the music make you rise up
Dirty hands, I demand Dirty hands, I demand
uh...
already a song of the three
danny minnow put them you want it
jason evans makes jamie
it's good for kylie's good for danny
it's got to be better
uh... it wasn't that they get sick
okay
i'd like to give it a
You actually told me I had I played like four of them for you and you said that was the best one. I agree
I like them in my opinion. That's the best one. The remix is awesome. It's it's porno
It makes me want to do lap dances and pixie dust slap and tug under Kylie underwear
I'm gonna get killed for that. I
Like that's not a lie. Give it a night
So there you go. Those are your three picks for tonight. So here they are
Here's a quick clip of each song and place vote now.
You send your votes to Sky over private message in the chat room.
That's me.
I'm Sky.
Hi.
How you doing?
I'm in the chat room over at calibomani.com.
Click on Orange Lounge and click on chat and then send me a private message with your vote.
Song one, song two, or song three.
In case you forgot, here they are again.
First off, last week's winner, Every Little Thing, Cyber Trance, Face the Change.
All right, song number two you can vote for tonight.
Tori Amos with Sugar, the trance remix.
And of course, song number three, Danny Minow with Put the Needle On It, the Jason Evans mix.
All right. There you go. Place votes now.
You know what? I think it's time to rant.
Not like the FUs of the Week because our chat room has to respond to that too, and they can't do that while they're voting.
What now, Jamie? Just kidding.
I love you. Hi. Hi. I'm ranting about retarded people. I just know so you can see my construction
table on the webcam. That's pretty cool. Let her rant. Don't rant about retarded people.
They can't help it. I'm talking about people who aren't retarded but act retarded. Oh,
Okay, just people who have like, people need to go to school before they're allowed on
the internet.
And I mean go to school and actually pass like grammar and spelling before they're allowed
on the internet.
People need, I think, you know, I was reading on my mailing list for J-list how there's
like a test for everything in Japan, you know, like your fluency levels, there's a test to
play baseball good enough, there's tests for everything.
They need to have tests for everything here where like you have to have a certain level
of proficiency before you're allowed to breathe or maybe not that extreme.
But like, you know, you have your internet level proficiency so you, you know, you,
when you log into the internet you have this number that you can go on the web with
and be allowed to type or, you know, have your degree of, you know, like with driving too.
You need to keep testing, but when you reach a certain age,
you need to take the, I'm still OK to drive test.
Or then there needs to be a certain age.
And in some cases, especially with driving, when you get to
a certain age, you need to take it every year.
Yes.
When you get to 65, you have to, in fact, when you're like
85, you need a monthly exam.
And they need to make sure that you can see over the
fucking dashboard.
Thank you.
You're also, you also need to, what?
Especially if you're a little Asian woman in the Bay Area with SUV.
I also think that you need to be able to pass a test before you can breed.
You know? I think that that would solve a lot of problems in the world with overpopulation
and with, you know, with, you need to like take the parental responsibility test.
You think it wouldn't be that you wouldn't need that much intelligence to be a parent
I mean, I got this put it in the right hole. I mean, it's pretty much it
That's that's that in and of itself is just breeding people can fucking fucking fucking fuck all they want to and you know
Sprout babies like bunnies. I think it's all stuff that they're taking while they're breeding
But I think that you know, there's there's not many responsible parents around these days, you know, don't you agree?
and
You know, I'm talking to the people that I know personally I'd say
They're fairly responsible with me. I know I'm not responsible enough right now to be a parent
So I'm not gonna go out and do something. I'm not even responsible enough to own a pet. I have a Shermy
But Shermy poops in a box and I only have to clean up after her once a day
Okay, I don't have to change diaper 20 million times a day
Right, yeah, okay, I
When I was out and about earlier in the week, I was just noticing little children running
off to do whatever, and their parents were sitting there on their cell phones having
conversations while little children are off running around and doing stupid little children
things.
It's my big reason for not wanting to go back to golf anymore, not necessarily because the
machines aren't working.
It's just the fact that people just say, oh, well, the staff
will babysit my children.
Oh my god, I hate that.
No, you do not talk on the cell phone when your children
need your attention.
You can do that when you're driving, OK?
No.
That's why, and I was thinking of this when I was listening
to, I was very, very, I guess, proud when I was listening to
Vandalas talk about how much time and care he takes with his family. I just wish there
were more people like that. They should limit families to have only one
child just like they do in China. But then you're being a fascist. You can't
literally step in there. This is America, land of the free. It's as great of an idea
as it sounds. There should be certain people that are limited to one child or zero child.
It's not possible.
Child services don't step in for neglect until the child's already dead, left in their car
for five hours, burned to death, or asphyxiated, or whatever.
I just really think that it's very sad, and I needed to take a moment to get that out
of my system, because this is what was on the news just last week, or like with Disneyland,
with the gum on the rail.
Stupid child.
Parent wasn't watching.
parent wasn't watching, you know. There's probably a little kid looking for a quarter
on the track and that's how the train derailed. It's, you know, people just take responsibility.
Now, since I brought up Disneyland again, all the cool rides have gone away because
of stupid people. I mean, look at, like, the people mover. The people mover, while slow,
was a good way... They did not get rid of the people mover. Yes, they did. Oh, my God.
They got rid of the people mover!
They got rid of the people mover!
Disneyland did not get rid of the people mover, did they?
Yeah, like, you can go to hell!
I hope all their rides derail.
The people mover was the coolest thing on the entire planet, and if they got rid of
it, ugh!
Ooh!
You know why they got rid of it?
Cuz some dumb fuck thought it'd be a cool idea to rock the thing and it fell over.
Well, then kill him!
Just kill him!
Put, give me a gun, I'll shoot the fucker myself!
Well, actually, he did die.
Don't tell me they got rid of Mr. Toad's Wild Rider.
No, they didn't get rid of that.
I'm driving to Anaheim right now.
I don't know how they got rid of Autopia too, didn't they?
No, it's not gone, but it's not working.
Are they going to get rid of the teacups because someone got sick?
Look, you stupid bitch, you can see how the ride works, you're going to spin around and
around and around and around about a thousand goddamn times.
If you don't think you can't handle it without puking, then fuck off.
What else did they get rid of? They replaced the people where there's these things called
rocket rods. They're basically these things that go really fast. They just have the acceleration
rate on them. It's just ungodly huge. But that's the problem. I don't know. Someone
did something in that one, stood up or something, and they died too on that. So that's why those
guys...
them it's a small world they will never ever have to have it again oh god I wish
it's a small world is so lame the other thing is that it takes someone dying and
then they get rid of things that other people haven't they better not get rid of
Thunder Mountain Railroad that ride rocked okay no they're probably gonna
turn it into you know like I don't know Daffy Ducks you know piano adventure I
I don't know.
I'm thinking about your rabbit.
Piano Adventures is a piano on a track.
It's a runaway piano.
People do not know what the People Mover is in our chat
room.
That's fine, because we have people from all parts
of the world that listen to Orin's Entrada.
The People Mover is a ride at Disneyland.
It's in Tomorrow World, because Disneyland is broken up
in all these little areas.
You have the New Orleans section and the jungle section,
and you have Tomorrowland, which is all the futuristic stuff.
That's where the Star Wars ride is.
We all know.
Yeah.
50 years ago, anyway, was the Tomorrow stuff.
But that's where Captain Neo was.
That's where Space Mountain is.
Anyway, so People Mover was this little ride.
And you sat on it.
And it was like a little trolley.
And you went all around Tomorrow World.
And it gave you a little lecture about all the little
things that were going on.
But at the end of it, it would say something about you got
put in the middle of Tron or something.
And all the walls would start flashing all these pictures.
and it felt like you're going like a thousand miles an hour because the pictures are flying
by so fast and it was not it was narrated by Tim Curry
and if they got rid of the people mover Disneyland could go fuck itself
there was too big of a line for me to go on the people mover the one time I've been
see that was the funny thing is it wasn't
every time
no one used to go on the people mover because it was like
ooh
people mover is space mountain we'll go on space mountain
People over are just like, I'm tired of walking, I just want to sit down for a little bit.
You know they've already been doing Space Mountain now.
Space Mountain is closed for
renovations.
Yeah, because it sucks, it's old. I've only been on it once, so it was fun for me, but...
You need like techno music in there.
That rock.
Well anyway, um...
Back to, what was I ranting about? Stupid people?
Kids, yeah, kids.
They need a ride
that's just like F-Zero.
I think that kids will grow up better if they had the same exposure to stuff that we had.
They need tetherball.
Children need tetherball so that if you get hit in the head enough times, duck, dodge
the ball.
Parents have to understand that there's a certain percentage of kids that will get raped
and molested by people.
Just accept the fact and hope that your kids aren't part of the statistic.
You can't protect them from everything.
You have to prepare them as best as you can.
responsibility. They take away everything. All the stuff that we had when we were kids,
that stuff was cool. I fell off of the freaking monkey bars before busted my lip open. I have
have a scar right here, see? And I'm perfectly well adjusted. Oh, I cried. Ow. I was stupid
and I never fell off of the monkey bars again. What's up with these pansy, like, playground
equipment that they have now? It's all like powder. Plastic. Plastic. Whatever happened
to the really cool wood stuff? They're going to get rid of the sand boxes next because
children are going to eat sand. I ate my pies. Look at me. I'm normal. Hot. Well, relatively.
I grew up mostly adjusted, you know, forget this.
When I was back in Alabama, I went by my elementary school and I swear, all the metal things that
I used to climb on, only a couple of them were there and they were rusted over so that
nobody would want to touch them because they look nasty.
It's not fun anymore, not fun to be a kid these days, especially with the Teletubbies
teaching you that it's okay to go up to a perfect stranger and give them a hug.
Yeah, yeah, yeah! I'm going to hug you! You're so retarded! You missed the whole thing we
just did, so we're going to do it again! You know, the world is not like sunshine. You
know, when I was little, you know, okay, you know what I was raised with when I was five?
I freakin' had, well, what did I watch when I was little? I watched the Smurfs, and the
The Smurfs taught you that there's fire, and it burns down the trees, and the world's not
a happy singing place.
And the Smurfs promote homosexuality.
Yes, they do.
Except when they got Smurfed, but I think that, you know...
Smurfed.
It was like a colony of ants.
They all fucked the queen.
And then, when I was...
How old was I, 1983, 84?
I was about seven.
The best show ever came on TV, Transformers, at Transformers at G.I.
Joe.
You mean there's a different Transformers than the one with these little Transformers
that they have to protect and it's like Pokemon?
Okay, forget it.
You know, I don't want that Armada crap.
What about the ones where they turned into dinosaurs?
I love that one.
And apes and stuff.
Hey, don't forget about Xenobots.
Yeah, whatever.
Okay.
Okay, um, but you know, I had what Jason the real warriors we had Voltron
We had what now what it what it what is there to watch on TV now?
Pokemon Digimon
Retarded okay
Yu-gi-oh and did you want people die? Okay. Why are we teaching kids to play cards? It's not like
What kind of thing?
That's the way it is.
That's the way it is.
They're going to get a paper cut and get infected and die.
Of course.
And then cards will be banned.
It was the same thing when we were kids.
Every cartoon had its elaborate marking scheme that went with it.
Everybody wanted the He-Man that you would punch it and the little thing would spin around
and make it look like it was damaged.
They don't have battle damaged toys anymore, do they?
I know.
That's so stupid.
We had really cool things when we were young.
I'll tell you what.
I cry for today's children.
You know what toy I play with more than anything, though?
More than anything what toy I played with, Legos.
I had Lincoln Logs and they were made out of wood and I got splinters in my fingers
when I tried to break them.
You tried to break the Lincoln Logs?
I did because my house didn't look right.
I'm surprised you didn't try to set them on fire or burn your house down.
I did actually.
And I had pick up sticks that were made out of metal.
I built catapults of my Lincoln Logs.
You put one of those small ones on a nice roof piece and you can hit it just really
I would build parts of my houses with rubber bands so that I could make them collapsible
so that they would kill my weeble men that I put inside of them.
Comment from the chat room.
This is how you know it's all coming to an end.
Guess what?
Riceprincess says she saw Transformers on MTV.
Can I cry?
You may have a sniff now.
Unless it was the old ones, but if it was the new crappy ones then I'm going to cry.
Yes.
Now get 2DX's winner.
Tinker Toys.
I had the tinker toys that were life-size. They were the size of me. They kicked ass.
You could build giant things that hurt people. They had building pieces like PVC pipes, so
you could fight with the pieces and you could injure people. It was awesome. I had tons
of those things oh my god just tons we had we had these things that were like
plastic hard plastic sticks with foam on them and you could beat each other up
with foam but if you took the foam off they were sticks and you could whack
people in the head with them and like toys were lethal when we were young
growing up with survival and look at us we're strong yeah because we're not dead
from our toys I think pixie dust is saying in the chat room that the Smurfs
Here's a reminder of the Anna Nicole show.
Okay.
Anyway, how about the winner of the cage match?
Okay.
The winner of tonight's Orange Lounge Cage Match.
Are you closing?
Yes, I'm closing.
Eat your vegetables.
Eat your vegetables.
More spinach.
You need iron.
The winner of tonight's Orange Lounge Cage Match, I'm actually somewhat surprised by
this, but the chat room did vote this one as the winner tonight. It is last week's winner,
every little thing, face the change once again. Curse you, Loki, and your cursed trance music.
Alright, so I think now's a good break time, huh? What do you say when we come back we
let the Rio Rant team begin, eh? Sure. The FUs of the week when we come back. Also,
before we get into the FUs of the week though, I want to talk about my gaming experience
this week, because I've actually been playing more video games this week, so I'm going to
Gasp!
Gasp.
So, we'll be back.
Oh, one more time, I'm back with a new rhyme Hey, here we go again, turn it up my friend
No, we don't stop, we rock the spot No, we don't quit, get ready or this is it
Do you like the dream?
Hey, I like the dream, baby Do you like the dream?
Oh, I like the dream, mama Do you like the dream?
Baby, do you like to dream? Oh, I like to dream
Mama, do you like to scream? Hey, I like to scream
Baby, do you like to scream? Oh, scream it out
Scream a dream, Mother Tension Scream
Take it every scene before you make me scream
Scream a dream, nothing but nothing just a dream
If you won't accept a dream or you're making me believe
Ooh la-da-da, la-da-da
You gotta dream a little dream
Oh yeah
You get it off the floor
I need to love it
You get it off the floor
I need to love it
You get it off the floor
Get off the floor, I think I love it
Oh yeah
Going one, going two, going three, four
Turn it down, turn it down, turn it down, yeah
Yeah, yeah
I'm gonna get away from you with another dimension
I'm gonna get away from you with another dimension
I'm gonna take you to another dimension, babe
Hi, this is Melby of RTF, and for an extra $1.99 a minute, my girlfriend Melby can join
us on all the fun together. Hey, hey, if you're a broke ass like I am, why don't you come
to the one place that costs absolutely nothing to go to and still the fun is just as great.
It's Orange Lounge Radio, Sunday nights. Kick it with me and you just might realize the
best things in life are free. Hello, we're back. Uh, guess who's back? Hi. Yes, Shark's
goes back hello so you're you're back finally we were starting to worry a
little bit we're like well she's been gone a while least I was I was freaking
lights just take forever although the funniest lowriding truck ever dude it
looks like his ass was dragging on the ground and it had spinners oh god those
are the most annoying things on the planet those things that spin I almost
I took my ditch cam and took a picture of it, it was that bad, but he turned before
I could do it.
Spinners are horrible, and it's even worse on a lowriding truck that's dragging its ass
on the ground.
What did we see earlier?
I don't remember.
Tell them what we saw.
We saw the Ultimate of Crap Lowriders, it was so ghetto.
It was bad paint job, red and white, and it was just some crappy Chevy.
The fearless sticker was the one in my house that was really crappy too.
If your car looks like crap, make it look good before you put a sticker on it that has
fearless on it.
People just fear my car when I'm in it.
My little Tercel can do some damage.
I took a picture of my dream car though, one of my dream cars.
There was a 350Z in the parking lot in the Dara, so I took a picture of it because I
I want one. Madeira. Madeira. I had a fun time at the fair. That's a suburb of Fresno.
I had a fun time at the fair though. You went to Fresno. I did not go to Fresno. I went
to some place. You went to a place that's worse than Fresno. The Madeira district fair.
I still have this vein of blue on my hand too. From where they stamped my hand. It looks
That's like a bruise.
Shall we get into the FUs of the week?
Showa!
This is the best part of the show.
This is fucked up.
Fuck being sick.
good timing my lungs
about being sick
about trying to enjoy myself while being sick
because I try and try and try but being sick sort of overshadows it
I had a very good time at the concert so that was great but
I just felt horrible
and I've been sick since Tuesday and it got bad enough for me to go to the doctor on Thursday
And I don't go to the doctor, so this is the first time I've actually been to a doctor
on my own in seven years.
Yes, I'm an angry girl, it's on my car, duh.
Fuck stupid people and parents who don't know how to take responsibility for their children.
And fuck things that suck and not having money.
having money is a big suck of all. I could stand being sick if I had money because then
I could go on the internet and shop. I can't even do that. I'm sick. So, yeah, that's not
it. I'm being sick.
Okay. Loki, I know you're cooking, but it's your turn.
He's making that bacon crap.
Oh, I don't believe that for a minute. Loki says he doesn't have anything. He's cooking.
You're going to give up your chance to rant about something? Fuck cooking.
Here.
Yeah, F you too.
Duh.
Stupid people.
You actually had a good week and nobody bothered you.
That's amazing.
Yeah, no.
I didn't have a good week and people bothered me.
But it's not really anything out of the usual.
I see.
Yes, because grief and fire don't hit.
You're the one that I want?
I wanna wanna...
Boop, boop, boop.
I'll be back.
I'm sure I'll interject something later.
Oh, hooray.
My turn!
My F.U. this week goes to Walmart.
Because Walmart is evil.
Walmart is the worst place on the face of the planet.
I'll tell you why.
Fine.
All you're gonna find is V8 Splash.
I love V8 Splash.
I've never had that before, but I'm really trying to not do that.
So V8, I have V8, Splash is mostly what I drink in iced tea and lemonade mixed.
I like that too.
V8 Splash is good, especially Diet V8 Splash because it's made with Splenda.
It tastes like Propel.
Anyway, my end of the week goes to Walmart because they suck.
I went to Walmart on Saturday night with Lanky Style because I wanted a new F-Zero game for
GameCube. And I was all excited because the new F-Zero game for GameCube was supposed
to kick ass. And I had a $10 off at Wal-Mart card because my work gives out gift cards
as incentives. So when we do something really good, we get a gift card. So I had a $10 gift
card to Wal-Mart because they asked people at work, what places would you like a gift
card to? And people were like, Wal-Mart. So anyway, I decided I'm going to go to Wal-Mart
stacking movies and she saw me and she came over and she said can I help you type thing
and I said yeah I wanted to get that game and she's like oh I don't have the key let
me get somebody who can get the key I'm like they don't have the key behind the counter
fine get the manager get the key so they get one of those people after ten minutes at least
ten minutes they get oops sorry my music ran out here after at least ten minutes finally
one of those folks in the red vests who I guess are like you know super Walmart stars
or whatever they are, managers, decision managers, whatever they are. They're the Red Vest people.
At Walmart you have the Blue Vest people who are the normal drones and the Red Vest people
who command the blue drones, right? So a Red Vest came by and he had the wrong key. He
tried to open it up and he had the wrong key. And the woman who was there was like, no,
no, no, you need the blue and green one, not the blue one. Apparently everything's color
coded at Walmart. So he leaves and ten minutes later, after waiting another ten minutes,
he comes back and says, I can't find it. So finally the lady says, I'm so sorry. I will
go to, I know where the key is. I'll go get it. So she goes off. Ten minutes later, she
comes back. Sir, I'm so sorry. After a half hour now of waiting. Sir, I'm so sorry. The
key isn't where it's supposed to be. What the fuck do you mean the key is not where
it's supposed to be? Who opened the case? No one opened the case between the time I
was there and when she was there. Where was the manager? Where was anybody running the
electronics department. Why aren't things that are supposed to be? Why isn't the key
behind the counter? Why doesn't the red vest guy carry the key? Why doesn't he know what
the hell color key goes with what? Doesn't he know how to run his own fucking store?
Fuck. I was about to say, go to the hardware department and get me a hammer. I'll fix this.
Seriously. So. God. So I didn't get my game. I'm pissed. I leave Walmart and I don't get
I leave Walmart, and I don't get anything.
So I went the next day to Target.
I purposely went to Target.
I could have gone to GameSpot, where I usually get games.
No, I went to Target, because I purposely went to buy it for
the competition.
So I went in, and within two minutes, there was a guy
behind the desk.
He opened the case up, got out my game, rang it up right
there, I was in and out of Target in three minutes.
Walmart can suck balls.
I'm done.
Your turn, Melody.
Wow, are you sure you want to do this?
Yes.
Fuck traffic.
Fuck red lights.
Fuck the cell phone reception in this damn area because it keeps dropping my phone.
And fuck the fucking truck that's parked in Jamie's parking lot because I freaking hit
it.
And Jamie says she's almost hit it a bunch of times.
And the funny thing is, you couldn't fucking tell that I hit the damn car.
It's like so beat up and crappy, you can't even tell.
Oh, Jamie wants to elaborate.
Park everybody who parks along that fence.
Cam Lao to hell.
Yeah, it's parking spots and then people parallel park right behind you so it's like a freaking
obstacle course.
And I had a car trying to come in that was trying to hurry me up but apparently I just
went a little too far.
And I couldn't see the truck because it was right directly behind me.
I was looking over my shoulder but you couldn't tell and I was like oh fuck.
So yeah fuck that and fuck having to drive home now because I was stupid and forgot something.
So fuck having to drive home and fucking me to work tomorrow because I really don't want
to.
Fuck money and fuck everything that's in your fucking and that's it.
I'm angry tonight.
Shall we hear from our chat room?
Alright, here they go.
Chat room FUs.
Dr. Tetsuya says, F you to missing most of the show and F you to morons at the theater.
If you're going to make cracks about the movie, that's what watching it at home is for.
And F you not having Soul Calibur 2.
Wait, I have to add something though there with the movie.
Yeah, Sharks Girl.
Sometimes that's better than the movie itself.
I definitely agree.
It really depends on the movie you're seeing because when we went and saw Pokemon, yelling
back at the screen made it ten times better.
Spice World, case point.
Thank you.
I saw Spice World opening day two.
High five!
I saw Spice World for free.
I didn't have to pay for it.
We were going to dress as Spice Girls and everything, but we didn't have time.
It was us and all these junior high girls.
Yeah, we were the only people in the theater.
My friend and I were the only people in the theater without a kid.
It was kind of scary, actually.
I had so much fun at Spice World.
Oh, I have the tape.
I have a promo poster. I have a promo poster I won.
Anyway.
Back to the inks, please.
But the supplies are all fine.
23rd Magus. He's pretty angsty.
F you to Angel's work schedule. This makes a whole month she's missed Orange Lounge. I cry.
A big fuck you to controlling parents who use the because it's my house argument.
This is their house?
Now I'm not allowed to leave my bedroom after 1 a.m.
Okay, you can live in the dorms.
What the fuck?
You can take out a student loan to live in the dorms.
F you to the CIS department dean at ARC for dropping me for my PC repair class.
Bitch die.
John Fields would like to say F you to Adobe Premiere freezing up a lot.
F you to one of my hard disks dying.
F you to classes that require outside class activity beyond homework.
EvilMaoki2Dx says, F you for me not being able to ogle the sweet lancer evolution 4
I saw in Japan Town today. And F you to my parents for changing plans for Benihana at
the last minute. F you to not being able to call uni when I want. Aww.
Nince would like to say F you to various things in my apartment like the crappy shower head
and the mailbox key that doesn't work. F you to class starting up again. F you to the physics
department at my college physics department for not letting me register yet. F you to
furniture in a box.
I can't have all these extra pieces.
Yes, IKEA is the exception. You may not have IKEA where you live, Ninst, but IKEA is the
exception. IKEA is godly.
IKEA is five minutes from where I work. I didn't even go.
I want to go. That's why I need to come visit, because I have to go to IKEA.
It's five minutes from where I work. I kid you not.
It's great. I have to go there myself.
But this is the new one, right? Not the one that's closer to me, actually.
If I wanted to go to the close IKEA, I'd just go to the one in the Berlin game.
Emeryville. No, the new one's in East Palo Alto. And I work in, like, Palo Alto.
I have a friend that's moving to Palo Alto this week.
Oh, wow. Cool. He's cute. You should be his friend.
Put him on Fredster.
Put him on Fredster.
Okay.
If you did the idiot who hit my neighbor's car, they hit the end trying to pull into
a spot.
Yeah, it was Sharks Girl.
And my neighbor and myself watched as this happened.
The guys just, well those guys, the guys just looked right at us, pulled out and tried to
hide further down in the parking lot.
John Fields would like to clarify, or give another F.U., F.U. to websites that force
you to say yes to their install programs.
I'm sick of hitting the power button on my computer because of them.
Mozilla is your friend.
Just click no.
Yeah, stop going to porns and wear sites because those are the only sites I know of that force
you to click yes.
No.
Well, all you have to do is just use the Google toolbar.
Lastly, Pixie Dust says, well, first off, a big F you to myself for getting a new tattoo.
It is scabby and hurts me.
So yeah, I'm not too comfy right now.
The ugly mofo I went out with for a month in April, f you for ruining my birthday pics
with your face.
You remember him, Skye?
Yes, I do.
And another f you goes to people who have been moody and bitchy around me.
Get off your poopy ass toilet and get happy.
That is the best thing ever.
Get off your poopy ass toilet.
Come on, get happy.
I nominate Dark Tetsuya to run that task because he always posts in the community.
Anyway, along with pixie dust fus by the way
I found the camera for my birthday dinner and that brings up all the bitchiness towards that asshole in the way
He dubbed me. He was you can do so much better than that, you know
F you to sky for not liking Walmart screw you too, bitch
It is ghetto, but hell I got a new razor with free refills for only five bucks. Lol
I'll get over the Walmart thing, but that made me mad. I'll get over it. I'll shop at Walmart again, but
LOKI wants to go now because they thought of something, and now he has bacon in his system, so can we get a mic over to LOKI?
Causing his angst level to rise.
That's it, they're done. That was the last one.
Have you the, um, stupid news reporters covering the Disneyland tragedy? Or, uh, comedy, I guess?
Um, you couldn't even get close enough to see mangled people, you suck.
I mean, if you're going to fly around in a helicopter, at least zoom down there, what are they going to do, shoot rockets at you? Come on.
I mean, nothing's stopping you.
F you to Gray Davis, because you suck.
And just because you think, you know, immigrants should now not drive, well, good for you.
Hello, hello, hello, news alert, that's an assembly bill, it's not just Gray Davis.
The only thing that bothers me about the recall is that I think they should recall the entire fucking assembly because Gray Davis gets blamed for all these bills.
Sure, he signs them when he can veto them, but he's not the sole bearer of all this stuff.
What do we do? He signs a bill. I sign a check. What's your point?
Anyways, after you're Gray Davis because you like illegal immigrants in the country because you do dirty work, I think we should kick you out of the country because you suck.
No. I'm done. All right. FUs of the week are done.com. Hooray. So I have something else
somewhere but my... Oh, Jamie has something to say?
I want pancakes right now. Oh, God. I wish it was like a IHOP near here.
I want...
Yeah, but it's closed.
Isn't it?
I think so.
I want pumpkin pancakes.
Besides, you had a happy yesterday. You don't want to get in today.
I want some pancakes. And we have Mongolian.
That means, you know, Mongolian means you go poop a lot.
You know what? I found a way to not
have a diarrhea bomb after Mongolian today.
What?
I didn't put any oil in it.
I only put about half the noodles I usually do. I put no oil in it. I put
nothing but teriyaki sauce and sweet and sour sauce.
I'm going to show you something.
Do you see this bottle?
I'm going to hold it up.
I've got to cover my name because we have our names.
Oh, we're going to put it on the webcam.
I am too.
Oh, good, my name's not on here.
All right.
OK.
I'll let you know how long you have to hold it there.
Oh, it took a ghost picture.
You've got 50 seconds before it goes again.
OK, so while we're waiting.
Look at that ghosty thing. That's erythromycin. It makes you poop.
Never eat Mongolian barbecue when you're on antibiotics.
Thank you.
Actually, the one thing that works better than this for going to the bathroom is sugar-free Hershey's dark chocolate.
But today's Mongolian? I just want to say today's Mongolian only made me fart a lot.
It did not make me go to the bathroom and just unload.
746 cleanser.
It's an all-purpose cleaner, and then they use it at roundtables.
You put it on pizza, it makes you shit out everything inside.
Loki, can you say that on the microphone, please?
Something that'll make you crap more is 746 all-purpose cleanser.
It's what they use to clean all the countertops and stuff at roundtable.
If they put that on your pizza and you eat it, it'll make you shit out.
shit out. I mean, someone did that to me once, and I never knew that that much crap could
be in my body. I think I shit for a complete hour, just non-stop shitting. It's like going
on a diet. It's like that stuff... No, I wonder if that's all that... You know that Hollywood
diet, the colon cleanser, the Hollywood diet that you can buy at Walgreens and you basically
mix it with water and you're supposed to take it on a weekend because you don't want to
take this at work because you're going to spend your weekend vacationing on the throne,
vacationing on the porcelain throne. Bring a Game Boy and a bathroom reader because it's
going to be a long weekend.
That's the only place that the British Excel is in toilet technology. They have some really
kick-ass toilets.
Dude, why isn't the bidet huge here? That's what I want to know.
Bidets are the shit. No pun intended.
I would love to have a bidet. That would kick ass.
I would... bidets...
Japanese super toilet. Oh yeah.
A Japanese super...
Man. I want a bidet.
Let's talk to our landlord and see if we can get a bidet in here.
I think now is a good time to take a break.
Can we just take a break?
We did the FUs of the week.
Oh yeah, it must have been caught.
It just feels like a break.
This break I'm going to play.59 again, but I'm going to play a special remix of it, because
a lot of people have been requesting this in chat rooms.
So this is a really good remix of.59 too, so to celebrate episode 59, which is what
So we're in right now, here's 0.59, the piano version,
a Naoki remix.
Enjoy.
...
...
...
...
...
And I hate it off another level And I hate it off another level
Why did our feelings die in action, when we fought for satisfaction?
But our hearts and S.O.S. saved me
Why did our love cause all this magic?
Just a new kind of tragedy
We were here for the best
In the heat of the night
Once you close to the fire
And the power of our hearts
Makes me drive inside
In the heat of the night
Once you close to the fire
And the power of our hearts
Let's listen in on an Orange Lounge radio staff meeting.
Do we want to be accepted by Hollywood?
No!
Do we care what people think of us?
No!
Do we want people to kiss our ass?
Yes!
Extreme Babati Radio. That's us. Orange Lounge Radio.
Sharks Girl is waving goodbye to all of you on the camera right now.
And then Loki is putting up some bacon.
Any final thoughts from you since you're leaving?
Ummm...
Tip your waiter.
Very nice. Have a safe drive.
Thank you for coming. Tell everyone in the bay we said hello.
I'm stealing another piece of bacon. That's another F-you to rob for stealing
Loki's bacon.
We were just talking during the break about how our bathroom has no door.
Oh my god, I walk into the bathroom. That's how we make our money. I'm like, where the hell is the door?
I don't see a door here. Do you not have a door on your bathroom?
Here in the Orange Lounge apartment, we have a sliding door. That's the trick.
It's really weird if you don't notice it, though, because you're just like, there's no door to the bathroom.
Jamie's playing with the webcam, so you might see some interesting things on the cam for the next little bit.
If you don't know our cam's address, go to our chat room, www.calibomani.com, click on Orange Lounge, and click on chat.
Okay. Yes, visit the forums while you're there.
sharks girl has left the building
by sharks girl
be all good all
alright we're good enough
tell mel we said hi to
too bad he couldn't be here yeah
he was stuck working
he could have gone to weird Al and he instead he worked
he got to test what what was he testing today
good lord he was testing yugioh
yugioh
oh my god weird Al got passed on to play yugioh
You can even get me started, I'll be here like until next week.
Alright, alright.
Have a safe drive.
Bye.
Yeah, I know.
Get her started.
Enjoy Boba.
Bye.
Bye.
Anyway.
So, um, I was at Virgin Megastore this week.
No, I'm not a virgin.
Sharkstar?
No, I'm kidding.
I love you.
Bye.
Um, I went to a Virgin Megastore this week and I was doing some shopping and I picked
I picked this up. This is pretty cool. I picked up the single for Drifting Away. Lang featuring
Skywood drifting away the single. Here, I'll put this up on Cam. Well, I can't put up on
Cam for another 50 seconds when it refreshes, but it's an interesting little background
picture, just a little sunset. It has four tracks. It has the radio edit, which you probably
are all familiar with, the original 12-inch mix, a Beam versus Cyrus remix, which sucks
balls, and the Lang sunset dub, which is okay. But I saw that it was kind of neat to walk
talking to the store and it was like, ooh, a Bimani single, because I didn't think this
song had actually been released in the U.S. So that was kind of a pleasant surprise.
Are you sure that's not an import? I don't think so. It didn't have the little
import sticker on it. And you know what's cool is it's put out by Radical Records who
did that time after time CD, if I remember right. Yes? I'm not sure. Anyway, I'll put
this up on the cams, I guess, and see what this CD looks like. So I picked it up. I don't
believe this is an import, but who knows. I think I got it blurry. Oh well, forget it.
I can't hold my hands still.
That's the deal.
Yeah, deal with it. So that's on the cam if you want to see what that looks like. It's
902.
Wow.
I know, we're cruising through the show here. Is there anything you wanted to bring up?
No.
Yeah, I guess we could do Ask Orange Lounge.
You can see it clearly.
Yeah, you can see it clearly enough on the cam.
If you want to ask Orange Lounge a question...
Actually, I want to bring up something.
Okay, well, before you bring that up, bring it up.
Send in your questions in the chat room.
Send a private message to Sky for Ask Orange Lounge,
and we'll get to that right after Jamie brings up.
My plug.
Okay.
Well, besides, you know, of course, my lovely, beautiful Tuesday night show,
which we haven't talked about our shows,
I would like to bring up that I have a new forum for people who are into gaming of all
kinds.
It's at roleplay.darksakura.com.
Sign up.
I run, basically, there's going to be free form games from there.
If you want to run a game using the message board system, send me a private message and
I'll get your game set up.
Get you set up as moderator for your forum, for your group, and we'll get you set up.
You know we have different game discussions different types of games
So if you there's a game that you want to have an open discussion on let me know just sign up for your account
And we'll set you up
It's that easy
Also since you brought up Tuesday show let's give a plug for all our spin-off shows on the
Okay Tuesday, I'll start with any I should start with Monday. Yes
Yeah, you still want to go first.
Yeah, I know.
Monday nights is Vanilla Sky, and originally I was going to have a rotating panel, I was
going to have different people in here every week, but Brad and Irene have worked out so
well that they're just here, pretty much the perma-co-hosts on Vanilla Sky, where we talk
about everything kind of like, we talk about other game stuff, and then we talk about things
outside of that.
We talk about what's going on in the real world, also outside your computer, from a
nerdy point of view definitely and we do such crazy antics as I guess the Yahoo
Talkback because people on Yahoo are stupid and we do of course bad music and
video game trivia have you listened to bad music and video game trivia yet
Jamie no it's exciting what I do is I give video game trivia I question Brad
and Irene on a certain topic like last week it was racing games was topic I
quiz them on racing games and for every question they get wrong we bring up the
the volume of some bad music, like last week was Barbra Streisand music.
Barbra Streisand is cool.
No matter what I pick, somebody always goes, but I like that person.
The first week it was Enya, then it was Celine Dion, and somebody goes, Celine Dion, yeah.
So you know whatever.
Celine Dion has only done one good song and it was Meat Loaf.
We talk a lot about Puzzle Pirates too.
It's kind of turning into a Puzzle Pirates show almost.
You don't play Ragnarok with me anymore.
Because I didn't renew my account.
I'm waiting for that other thing.
Well, renew for another month and play with me.
I'm waiting for the dyslexic rolo fan club to open up.
That's all.
Renew your account and play with me.
I'll think about it.
But I like Puzzle Pirates a lot.
So that's it.
That's what you can look for on my show.
Tuesday nights.
My show is Tuesday.
It's basically, it's our request.
It's called Pump Up the Volume because I'm
a big 80s nerd fan.
So it starts at 730, although I have a 7 o'clock pre-show,
because I usually just have that on while I go to the bathroom.
Oh, did I say that on the air?
My dad.
But no, it starts at 730, unless you want
to catch the pre-show beforehand.
I play request, so I hardly talk,
so you don't have to listen to my crappy voice.
I sometimes talk, discuss things.
I'd like to have a guest, but no one ever
wants to come hang out with me on Tuesday.
I'd come some way, but you have me on this show.
You have me on this show.
Yeah, I don't need you on that.
You need to get some other, you don't have other, you need to get, you need to get Shark
Scroll or, I don't know.
I'll try to arrange a guest.
Get Dan.
Dan's working Tuesday nights.
That's why I do the show Tuesday.
But if you're in our chat room, then you can send me a private message that night and I
will play anything that you want, if I have it, or something by the same group.
Unless you request like Spice Girls.
I played Vitamin C.
Vitamin C's Corvo.
There's just very few things that are on my I Will Not playlist.
And usually, that's a couple of songs.
I want to hear Dirty.
And Dirty.
That won't be played on my show.
That song sucks.
By the way, I just have to say, at the depot last night,
I saw the video of that.
They played the video of the MTV Video Music Awards,
that whole little thing.
This is Richie?
Fabulous.
And you should have seen all the,
because this is a gay bar, you should have seen all the gay
guys reactions that it was great we're just all calling on say it's great it's
fun anyway yeah sorry but it lasts until 1030 and then that's usually the point
where I have to wait another 30 minutes for the right rock server to come back
on so I can play more right rock like the addicts I am and it's it's fun I
figured that's a chat room I figured that's why you did your show Tuesday
night because that was RO maintenance night. This Tuesday though, I was going to be doing
video game music trivia again, but I won't be able to do it because I'm going to be talking
as little as possible. I'm trying to let my lungs recover.
Which is different than the video game music trivia I'm doing because she's literally video
game music trivia. I have multiple questions style, so if you
guess what it's from what level it's from give me as much as you know about
this music you'll get a point for it cool so your nerdiness pays off because
I'll give you a dollar if you win it pays to get points of dark savory
somebody somebody dethrone dark test yet please and then we have our Wednesday
show bacon man actually Wednesdays is condition zero but zero didn't make it
last week so I don't know he's got another week otherwise we may be looking
for something else to put on Wednesdays sorry but if he this is two weeks in a
row I'm just if he misses two weeks in a row I'm just going to assume he doesn't
want to do it we'll think of something creative for Wednesday I do have a
backup show that's ready to go not a live show though I will see okay my show
Livewire, every Thursday, 7 o'clock. Hour long pre-show. Usually, I've been doing now
like the show before, kind of replaying the show previous to it. And this week on Livewire
we're going to be doing kind of like a non-stop of every single Livewire so far, all five
shows because it's my birthday and I'm not going to be here to do this. So I'm going
to have them all remixed together. Basically, I'm just going to redo every set without my
voice on it and mix together better. So, you know, have those and you'll get to hear them
non-stop and at the very end, there'll be something special for you listeners who stay
tuned. It was going to be a new Loki remix, but I played that tonight, so it might be
...
He blew his wad.
No, it might be another one. I don't know. We'll see.
I would like to see a strung together mix of all Dark Sakura has a show, Tuesday night.
That's what she was just talking about.
Thursday night's live wire, yes.
Yeah, so we might do a little something special at the end there for those who tune in for
the long, long set of music that's going to be there.
I'm starting the show earlier this week. It's going to be at six because it's so long. There's
a lot of cool sets in there. There's the first one, which is just generic trance stuff. Second
set, which is old school music, 70s and 80s remixes, which is really sweet. Then there's
also, what was it? Week two was a darker trance music. Week three was old school stuff. Week
before was Livewire, the motion picture score, kind of like a score-type music. And then
last week's, which was Fuck the RIAA, which was independent indie artists versus commercial
artists, and it was pretty sweet.
Very cool. Livewire is such a great show, it's getting me into mixing, even. And I did
a megamix that I played after Vanilla Sky one week. And if I do it more regularly, I
might find some spare time on the station to air. I'm like on a Saturday afternoon or
something, but who knows? I don't want to take any thunder away from Loki, but he's
way better at it than I am. He can do it on the fly better than I can.
Yeah, and I really do literally on the fly because the last few weeks I've been really
slacking on getting my show together, and I literally, I'm working on the show until
like the last three seconds. Literally, so.
All right, so Orange Lounge Radio.
Live programming every Sunday through Thursday night.
Well, Wednesdays are questionable recently,
but we'll see.
We're going to work on that.
Anyway, as promised, you guys can ask us questions now.
It's Ask Orange Lounge.
So if you want to ask us a question,
head on to our chat room, www.calibomani.com,
click on Orange Lounge, and click on Chat.
And you can ask myself, Loki, or Jamie any question you want.
it's one of our favorite segments to do on the show especially when we're
desperate for filler material which was off
excuse me often
especially in a slow bimani newsweek as it has been lately
uh... what day of the week is max two supposed to come out twenty fourth right
that's a wednesday
we might be doing something uh...
we'll have to do something a day that max two comes out just to add that in there
anyway
let's talk about orange lounge, or ask orange lounge
let's ask orange lounge
some stupid question
who will get yelled at this week on orange lounge, asks segment
da da da da
i like cheese, i like milk
they give me gas, alright
i'm gonna do something by the way
That I haven't done in a year.
You're gonna eat bacon? Two years.
I'm going to eat bacon.
His bacon is yummy.
Now I know why I don't eat pork anymore.
I'm just hungry and sick.
First question, Evil Naoki 2DX, oh, it's a shameless plug, it's not an ask question,
it's just a shameless plug. Here it is. Japantown Anime Fair is this weekend at San Francisco's
Japantown. It's at the Radisson Miyako Hotel and the Best Western Miyako Inn. Only $12
for the weekend or $8 for one day.
You want more info, www.jtaf.com for more info.
Let me know if you need me to work.
I will.
I'll cosplay there.
In my bike-in costume.
23rd Magus.
Loki, how would you go about setting an initial demachine
on fire?
I need help on my technique.
Gas.
Fire.
I think if I eat any more of my arteries, they're seriously going to be clogged.
I'm running out of food, so that means I have to take my diet pretty soon.
Except I have a huge thing of mashed potatoes in there, so I have to go through those first.
I don't need to eat any more bacon.
I think my mouth is catching SARS or something.
Our kitchen's all full of grease.
I'm going to have some more V8.
Here, hold this.
So gasoline in a match.
Yeah.
That would be my advice, too.
Late at night when no one's working, you have to excuse me.
I have a mouth full of bacon.
Or if you want, what you should do
is pour gas over the circuitry and then leave it.
So when they turn it on and the game boots up,
then it catches on fire and blows up.
Well, fine.
We need that safe home stuff that we have in the campaign.
Yeah.
Better than that.
Just go in the little cabinet where you sit in to play the game
and take a dump. It's the worst than setting the machine on fire.
They need that blue napalm stuff that we had when we went camping.
Because that stuff is cool.
Jason,
our friend Jason,
would like to know, he says, although I can't hear the answer,
why? Why aren't you listening? Why? What is wrong with you?
He'd like to ask OrangeLounge, why does this weekend feel so angsty-like?
I don't know. I don't feel angsty. I don't know. I don't have your fucking problems.
You're too tired to feel angsty.
I really am. It sounds like Sylvester Stallone. Well, Jason,
you're probably angsty because of where you live.
I'm so mean.
Come to California. It's nice here.
Yeah, we have a good political system.
Baca says, I love Orange Lounge.
Aw, how nice.
There was no question there, though.
What did you get?
What were you talking about?
Hey, what did you get?
He, he, silly me.
I'm getting all these little bits and pieces of a message
here.
No question, though.
I'm really interested to see if the rain comes out
because I forgot my clothes.
So we'll move on to DCB.
Hi, guys.
Oh, this is interesting.
DCB wants to know every cast member's opinion on this.
Who is outright cooler, Al Roker or Bob Saget?
And which one would you rather have live at your house?
Loki.
Al Roker is the weather guy on the Today Show.
It's going to rain.
I don't watch TV, thank you.
Al Roker had his stomach stapled,
and now he looks really thin.
It's kind of scary.
But Bob Saget's cool because, one, he played a stoner
in
he's shit all over my bathroom there's shit everywhere
there's shit on the mirror there's shit here
i would also have to say that Bobs as much as i love Al Roker
Bobs Saggit is cooler
because yeah i used to suck dick for coke
Who would I rather have live in the house, though?
Al Roker.
I'd rather have Al Roker live in the house.
Why?
Bob Saget used to clean up everything.
But Al Roker can predict the weather.
Yeah, right.
Uh-huh.
Like he can predict his diet.
You know what?
It doesn't matter which one's chosen because the moment they set foot in my house, legally
I can shoot them.
Did you hear about this, Jamie, about this news story about the guy who tried to rob
the bank, and he had that explosive collar around his neck?
I know, that was cool! I'd do that.
His real life battle royale.
Except it wasn't like all contained, it was like wired. But still.
Hey, it's a step in the right direction.
All they need to do is just compact it and put it on children.
Yes.
That'd make me happy.
I didn't find you in class.
Now Susie, if you want to live, you better get this math question correctly.
You're acting up in class, remote control.
Beep, beep, beep. Everybody better run.
Maple speaks and is asking us a question.
Gasp. First he wants to know, how do I go about listening?
Well, it's easy.
You know what, if you're here, you're obviously listening, but
In case you forget, you can always go to, and I'll send this over private message to
Maple, just in case you really isn't listening. You can go to our website. It's at orangelounge.sky.cx,
but not for much longer. Hopefully, only one more week on that. Right? Right, kids?
Hey, someone was supposed to be working on that website.
Yeah, well, it didn't happen. I was too busy sucking dick for coke.
Here, coke head. See, I told you that it was, it looks like a drug market.
Diet Coke!
Anyway, Mabel would also like to know, why am I so cool?
Oh, he ate a nasty piece of the bacon.
Loki choked on bacon?
Why does that ask that question?
No, it wasn't a choke on bacon.
It was a piece of the seasoning stuff I got,
and there was like nice crunchy, charcoal-y taste.
I was like, oh, oh.
It's nasty bacon.
Oh, water.
Loki's got that nasty bacon.
Mabel wants to know why he's so cool.
If you got the ice cubes out of your pants, maybe you wouldn't be.
I like that answer.
I am done with the bacon.
Bacon is done.
Mabel's cool because he's really laid back.
He's a laid back guy.
I like that.
Moving on, John Fields would like
There's no little kids that run across the DDR pads.
What would you do to them if you didn't get in trouble for it?
Trip them.
I do all the time.
I would push them down a flight of stairs.
I would hang them by hooks through their skin on their back, and then I'd pour hot oil on
their back, and then after they kept screaming, I'd stick sharp needles through their chin
them through the sides of their cheeks and then through their chest. No, tell us how
you really feel. Of course, I was taken from Eat You to Kill Her, awesome movie. Then I'd
cut off their nipples. Baka would like to admit he is random. We figured that out. Baka
would also like us to define its definition time. Define angst.
Alright, do this, Rob. Go pull up Internet Explorer, type in www.dictionary.com. Type
the word angst angst by definition a feeling of anxiety or apprehension often
accompanied by depression that's what angst means and now you know and knowing
is half the battle go Joe now this well here's the second part define for who
That's the sound you make after I kick your ass.
That's the sound of Jamie's leg going right at your balls.
That's my Japanese porn star name.
That's my Japanese porn star name.
See, you don't know it's me because I'm all mosaic-ed out,
but that's me.
I'm a stunt cock.
We're out of questions.
Does anybody in the room have a question for somebody else?
Dear chat room, why do I own you so much for free?
Dear chat room, I look at my PayPal account every day,
and there's no other money in there.
Why hasn't anyone given me money?
Nightmare underscore Hunter.
Why would none of you let me pimp you out?
We got questions.
We're saved.
OK.
Maple would like to know, only who can prevent forest fires?
Not me.
Shit, I scarred him.
Actually, I actually used to live, or I kind of live,
We kind of live in the middle of a forest, right?
And there was that fire just two blocks down the street
a couple weeks ago.
So the fire department can prevent forest fires
from consuming your home.
Because if they hadn't acted so fast, we could have been dead.
No, we were at work.
If a bear tried to prevent forest fires,
he would just get consumed in the flames and die.
Only God can prevent forest fires.
Start praying, children.
All of a sudden, this is a religious show.
I know Live 365 had a lot of religious stations, but shit.
We need to do that thing where we go on to other Live 365
stations, like the Christian Rock channels and things like
that, and make fun of them.
Listen to them and make fun of them.
Maybe another time.
I can do that.
DCB would like to know, why do women have boobs?
He has an answer, though, too.
So you have something to look at when
you're talking to them.
If you could see Jamie's face.
I'm trying not to laugh.
See,
we have cushioning where you guys have targets.
Think about it.
I don't know, why do women have boobs? I mean, obviously the breast milk's there, but they
don't have to be so big some of the time. I mean, babies don't drink that much.
Estrogen! Hello?
Yeah, but still.
I'm talking like Jerry Springer boobs. Why do people get the boobs back?
What I understand is my nuts aren't that big, so I mean...
Yeah, that's true. Why can't my nuts be as big as women's boobs?
That would really hurt.
Having boobs does not hurt unless you have really big boobs and then your back hurts
all the time.
I'm not even going to get started on that one.
I know I have big boobs.
You have nice boobs.
You have nice boobs.
Don't look at my boobs.
It's okay.
He's no gay.
I know you have a boob fixation but I would say that when you get it like into
like the double D's and more that there were these women at my elementary school
I was so afraid of them because they had boobs that were as big as me when I was
five and that's the time to go save up your money and go get a boob job because
that's too heavy. When you have boobs large enough to hold matrix babies in them, that's
when you have to be concerned. Actually, I'm not kidding. They were that large. The ones
that get like the triple G. I don't get like, when I watched Geraldo one day, these women
were like expanding themselves as novelty models. What the hell's the point of it? You
know, why don't they like add squirrel tails or something like that. You know something
The people with small boobs who want big boobs, you know what, be happy with what you have
because having big boobs isn't everything except you get a lot more dates.
Questions from Maple.
I'm afraid to ask this one.
What is the best racist joke you know of?
I don't think we need to answer that one, although I'll turn it to Loki.
No, we're not going to answer that.
even go there. I'll tell a Helen Keller joke. Those are funny. How do Helen Keller's parents
punish her? How? By rearranging the furniture. It's funny because she's blind. That's not
really racist, but you know. I have a deaf joke. A deaf joke, okay. Of course I learned
this joke from a deaf person. Three people were, there was a big conference and a deaf
guy was sitting with an American guy and there was a Russian guy and a Mexican guy. No, I'm
not Mexican, a Cuban guy. And Cuban guy stands up and goes, walks over to a window. He takes
a puff of a cigar and throws it out the window. And the deaf guy signs to him, why did you
throw the cigar out the window? He's like, oh, that's pretty. Cigars in Cuba, hey, Cuban
cigars. So the deaf guy just sits back and goes along with watching the conference. And
And then the Russian guy gets up and takes a big swig of vodka and throws a bottle out
the window.
He's like, well, why'd you throw the vodka out the window?
Throw your vodka in Russia, you know, Russia, vodka.
So the deaf guy's sitting there, he's thinking.
Swig goes up and opens the window, picks up the American guy and throws him out the window.
He's like, where'd you do that?
Plenty of hearing people in America.
I have a gay joke.
How do you make a gay guy scream twice?
him in the ass and then wipe your cock on the curtains. Mabel would also like to know,
when you were talking about big boobs, were you making fun of me being fat? I don't know
how he gets fat out of that. Yes. Do your boobs produce milk? Do you drink a lot of
breast milk? You know they have lactation pads that you can put in your bra now. We
should get you some. Now that's making fun, see?
Why are people so, you know... Why are people self-conscious?
I don't know. It's like you have your own creamer. It's awesome.
Well, you know, I would be self-conscious if you... Okay. First of all, if you've never...
That's the other reason why I'm not having children.
Dude, I can't even... I can't even find you.
Uh, Mabel, it also... No, no, no. After sitting for 30 minutes listening to
my stepsister telling me about what it feels like to lactate, no children for me, thank
Thank you.
I'll come back to Mabel's last question a little bit.
Nince would like to say, not a question, but a comment.
If only God can prevent forest fires, well then they'll always start.
Thank you.
You the funny.
Rice Princess is asking when we're going to update the damn website because she doesn't
want to plug it if it's not updated.
We've made steps to get a new website constructed, but it's just coming along slowly.
We need to have it done soon though.
I know we do.
So hopefully this week.
Yes?
I feel like an alien is going to pop out of my stomach.
You'll be okay though, right?
See, I'm immune to the pork and grease.
John Field says, should Weird Al do a parody of a Linkin Park song?
Yes.
No.
Yeah, he has.
Has he?
What?
Angry wife boy polka.
Is Lincoln Park in there?
It might be.
Oh.
Gurr would like to know, why is it so hard to get rid of hiccups?
I don't know, why is it so hard to get rid of Mexicans?
Thank you for answering two questions and one there with Naples joke as well.
Thank you.
I just thought I'd like to address the other comment there. I don't know. I'm not really
racist. I just play one on the radio. Okay. Maple's last question. Why aren't you accepting
any more questions? Because, kids, it's the end of the show. And Ask Orange Lounge is
Is now over and done.
Let's not shoot a dead horse.
Let's get on to the next segment.
I'm going to peek from the pork.
The pork is really nasty.
Okay.
Um, final thoughts?
Thank God the pork is gone.
I'm not eating any more bacon for a while.
My final thought is I hate Walmart, no I'm not going to get over it.
Now I remember why I gave up pork.
I'm also very sad because I just spent $340 in arcade buttons.
That is sad.
Final word of the show.
I had to take it myself. I'll give it to Jamie. I know she always likes to have the final word. Here it is.
The final word of the evening is puce.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Dark Sakura, Skye, and Loki. We expect you a nice play again.
nice play again. And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
I rock a mic like a vandal Light up a stage and watch me jump like a
candle Damn, yeah, I'm kickin' that boom
I'm poisonous like a poisonous mushroom If there is a problem, yo, I'll solve it
Check out the hook while my DJ revolves it Ice, ice, baby, too cold, too ho
Ice, ice, baby, too cold, too ho
Rollin' in my grave, although with my rag top down so my hair can blow
Girlies on standby, waitin' just to say hi
Did I stop? No, I just rode by
Should I stop? Hey, I don't know
Turn the light and I'll blow
To the extreme, I rock a mic like a vandal
Light up the stage and watch me jump like a candle
Damn, yeah, I'm kickin' that food
If it is a problem, baby, I will solve it Check out the book while my DJ revolves it
Ice ice baby, too cold to hold Ice ice baby, too cold to hold
Thanks for listening and we'll see you next week.
I
I want to talk about the Trivial Pursuit game that we played Monday night.
Was it this Monday?
Yes. Monday was so funny. We played Trivial Pursuit. We brought...okay. It was after Vanilla
Sky we decided to go out and get a board game. So we went to Walmart. This was pre-Evil.
We went to Walmart and bought Trivial Pursuit, the 20th anniversary edition, and brought
it home and played. It was me, Brad, Irene, Loki, and Nellie, Loki's girlfriend. We were
all playing. And hilarity. It was absolutely hilarious. We got some of the most funniest
answers ever. Like, I was asking Nellie a question. I was trying to get everybody's
attention because everybody was talking. I wanted to ask a question, so I went, which?
And I was like, which? I was starting the question, which one of the, and Irene's all,
don't call her a witch. It was funny, had to be there. And then we learned that there
is a cat exhibit at the local aquarium. And we also learned that Stephen King directed
E.T. I'm going to get punched in the face for that one, but that's okay. I got to fuck
you Rob I gotta fuck you I'm sorry what what Jamie Jamie has clean clothes she's
celebrating I can smell clean clothes because the fans blowing the clean
clothes smell this way mmm smells like clean clothes miss thank you all for
listening to and supporting orange launch radio we do appreciate it it's
That's very nice of you.
I think we're pretty much done.
Jamie, do you have anything you want to say?
Get your ass over here.
Who needs potpourri when you can have clean laundry?
What a lovely thought.
What do you mean you sprinkled detergent all over the house?
No, you want to know get away the clean clothes, or not really clean clothes, but give the
impression of clean clothes, rub a dryer sheet on yourself.
That's so ghetto. That's like something you'd hear on.
What?
of the union.
Do you smell my butt?
Rob just smelled my butt.
I smelled your butt.
It smells April fresh.
That was beautiful.
Okay, sex, blood, and violence, and bloodshed.
Well there's this movie, Ichi the Killer, where this guy beats up this prostitute and
and they cut off her nipples, as I mentioned earlier, and there's lots of blood from that.
So that has sex, you know, violence and blood. What a lovely thought, thank you. It's a great
movie, though. No, the other thing with the same prostitute, or different prostitute,
actually, gets her leg cut off and she's hobbling on one foot. Yeah, it's funny. Yeah, funny.
Okay. I think we're done. I'll be nicer when you're smarter.
Good night everybody. Thank you for supporting Orange Lounge Radio. We appreciate it. After
the show tonight, we have for you guys a dance mania marathon. Yay. Whole bunch of thrown
together tracks from your favorite dance mania albums. That should be exciting. There's whole
bunches of albums in here. I'm sure you guys will enjoy it. Oh, I have to add one more.
I want to make sure EX4 gets in here too. So, Loki, say something else while I get this
If you give me money, I will invite you over to play in the arcade cabinet, because it will be sweet.
But no one has given me money except for Vandalous.
And Vandalous, you're more than welcome to come over when I'm done.
Yeah, but he gave me ten dollars.
That's alright. Well, you're more than welcome to come over, you're always...
Whoo! Court! Ah!
Change.
Yeah, but she just did laundry here, so that's more like a laundromat.
Oh yeah. Yeah.
I'm going to use it as a piggy bank also. It's a $60 piggy bank. Stupid fucking coin door costs that much.
But, um, yeah, it will be sweet. And I'm thinking because, you know, it'll be nice and tall,
and I want to put it where this chair is that Jamie sits all the time in.
I want to put it right there because it'd be out of the way, but then we'd need to move
the chair, get rid of the chair, and then she'd have to come in the view of the webcam.
Okay, we're going to do a Dance Mania marathon now. If you missed any portion of tonight's
show, you can always tune into the rewinds, which are on Wednesdays at 4 o'clock and Thursdays
at 2 o'clock. Tomorrow night, Vanilla Sky, Tuesday night, Pump Up the Volume, Thursday
night, Live Wire, Wednesday night, we'll see. Bye guys, thanks for watching.
fart continuously on the mic on Wednesday night Wednesday might just be
a lie if we can't get zero to commit to a show we might just do a live trivial
pursuit game on air I know we should call the show what I set myself on fire
okay goodnight everybody thanks for listening supporting orange on radio
So enjoy this Dance Mania Marathon.
Come on, baby, take hold of me
Hold of me, hold of me
Come on, baby, take hold of me
Fulfill my dreams and set me free
I know that you and I know you believe
Your touch supplies my energy
Come on, baby, take hold of me
Fulfill my dreams and set me free
I know the truth and I know you believe
This love supplies my energy
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
I feel the dream, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
It's a matter of facts and it's plain to see The love that turns inside of me
I'd like to lead you back deep by my side
These memories might never end But a broken dream will come to pass
And a passion that is lost within my mind
Come on baby, take hold of me
Just fill my dreams and set me free
To know the truth, and I know you'd believe
It's such a play if I dream
Come on baby, take hold of me
Just fill my dreams and set me free
To know the truth, and I know you believe
It's such a play if I dream
Now you're here in my field of dreams
The love has passed me by its wings
Come on baby, come on baby, yeah
Feel our dreams, come on baby
Come on baby take hold of me, Just fill my dreams and set me free,
I am the freak
It's my destiny
I wanna fuck on your life
Suck on my lollipop, honey
I wanna suck on your lifetime
Go ahead and do it
I wanna make it, I wanna make it, I wanna feel it
I wanna make it, I wanna make it, I wanna feel it
I wanna suck on your like a dog
Do you want to hear the most annoying sound in the world?
Suck on my lollipop, honey
I wanna make it, I wanna make it, I wanna feel it
I wanna make it, I wanna make it, I wanna feel it, I wanna suck on your lollipop
Yeah, do you wanna feel it?
Do you wanna taste it?
Do you wanna touch it?
Do you wanna lick it?
Do you want peace? Do you want touch? Do you want peace? Do you want lick? Do you want sex?
I wanna suck on your life
Ah, ah, ah
Ah, ah, ah, ah
In the summertime, in the summertime, I'll be fine every night.
Everybody is mine, but we only get proud.
When the sun will shine, and they'll be pretty nice.
Makes me feel so fine, with the readings of light.
The moon in the shadows, the sun in the stars.
Everybody gets ready for all of your crimes
No, never, baby, my time
There's nothing to do this freedom
And heaven can die
Come in, Mr. DJ!
Come in, Mr. DJ!
In the summertime, fight and fight every night
Everybody is fine, it's the only big cloud When the sun will shine, and it'll be through the night
Makes me feel so fine, it's the rhythm of life In the moonlight shadows, the sun is bright
Everybody gets ready for only big clouds No, never, baby, it's the final time
Dancing to this rhythm, you can have a good time
Come in Mr. DJ
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15.
I love that!
pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie pie
Get your ass off of this thing!
Give me your shit!
Let's go!
It's got to be your love
The only love I want
You know
You are the agent of my life
It's got to be my heart, being beside you all night long at all
I wanna get closer to you, my love
Until the day I die, I'll be your everything
And oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Let's go!
