Synchronize as love is what we've got to do
All the time we'll be together
Cause it's yours and mine forever
We're in this love team
I won't be a man
So tonight we're gonna live the night away
One and one is two
Don't you be so cruel
Synchronize as love is what we've got to do
All the time we'll be together
Cause it's yours and mine
Forever we're in the dark
Turn around
Look at what you see in her face The mirror of your dreams
Make believe I'm everywhere Give in the light
Isn't all the fadin' The answer to a neverending story
Reach the stars, light a fantasy Dream a dream, and what you see will be
To keep their secrets
When I go behind the clouds
And there upon the rainbow
They'll give me the answer to
A never-ending story
When you shun your fear, for she may fade away
in your hands
the birth of a new day
the mind could keep their secret
they'll fall behind a pound
and therefore the reign of peace
In the answer to a never-ending story
Never-ending story
Never-ending story
Yeah
Hey
And you can take away
Oh, kurau kou kou kou malerika
Waku malakiru
But I'm not your hero, she's a stinker
Toto, I have a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, the Monty Talk and then some.
Uh, mostly the and then some part of that.
Orange Lounge Radio is created by a bunch of potty-mouthed adults.
Orange Lounge may contain sexual, perverted, and mildly retarded content.
You probably shouldn't let your children listen to Orange Lounge Radio.
Yes, I will spank your child.
If you're not going to do your job, goddammit, I will.
Searching for a boy in high school is useless, but searching for meaning in a poly shoreline.
Oh yeah? Well, I hope your babies look like monkeys.
Dark Sakura.
I've had a sniff.
Sky.
But I'm playing it for the bartender, so suffer.
Loki.
I hate you!
Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live and this is episode number 62 for September the 28th of 2003 and tonight
the cable is working.
We promise here on Orange Lounge Radio we won't scare you with any monsters.
This is episode 62, the most fresh smelling Orange Lounge Radio ever.
Can opener is in the second drawer down.
Second drawer down, not including the cutting board.
There you go.
And now in the Orange Lounge kitchen, Iron Chef Sakura.
the mystery ingredient today is rice oh shit the mystery food today is eel what
is someone cooking Asian food to do with rice I don't know if you guys want
another microphone you guys can have this one here you guys might want this
a little bit anyway where was I oh yes is that so number 62 for September the
28th of 2003, you're tuned into the Bimani Scene's most F-Zero whoring radio station
of all things Bimani.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Skye.
Joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts, the happiest bunny on the farm is Jamie Summers,
you know her better as Dark Sakura.
I'm playing with an eel.
In that corner, say hello to our Tech Massa Loki.
I'm playing with a solder gun.
oh my god he's got a gun and it could burn things and also with us tonight
say hello to puppy this is my third week in a row it's a new record oh my god
it's a new record say hello to our kdn42 hello there how you doing okay good to
hear no no also with us tonight for her first real show since last week we're
just going to write off last week. Say hello to violent hyper girl. I call her violent
hyper gangbang. I think we have our whip again tonight because I forgot to take it out. Did
you not bring the whip? It's there. No one can hear you. A week? It's only been a week.
puppy
god we have a whole shitload of them on the news to talk about this week
obviously max to came out this week in the u.s.
everybody here gets a chance to play it no
no everybody but Aaron oh well and I'll have to live vicariously through our stories
you played Max 2 I have you got the first four unlocks Loki show
We'll be talking about Max 2 USA tonight. In fact, we have the Orange Lounge Radio premiere of all the Max 2 USA exclusives. We're going to be playing those throughout the show tonight.
And we ripped them ourselves. They're a little amateurish, but they got the job done.
Good job!
We got those and a whole lot of other stuff to talk about tonight, so we'll be back.
Cage match, possibly a list list if we have time for it.
All your favorite.
FUs of the Week coming up a little bit later.
And Jamie Cooking for all of you out there.
She'll be holding it up to the webcam and you can lick your screen.
So to get our webcam address, head on over to our website, www.calibomani.com.
click on orange lounge and click on chat
and then our chat room will be more than happy
to give you the link to the webcam
because it's got a really long URL
and I don't say it over the air.
All right, we'll be back after this.
We're gonna start off with a little bit of ecstasy,
bad routine and busy child.
We'll be back.
A little bit of ecstasy A little bit of you and me
A little bit of s grocery free A little bit of ecstasy
A little bit of ecstasy A little bit of you and me
Tell me that you want me, tell me that you need me
Tell me that you want me, tell me that you love me
I'll be your dream
be my fantasy
I'll be your dream
be my fantasy
I'll be your dream
I'll be the dream
I'll be the dream
With my friends and me
Ooh, yeah
Let the dream come true
Let the dream come true
Let the beat control your body
A little bit of ecstasy
Yeah, I hope you love me more than I do
Yeah, I hope you love me more than I do
Yeah!
That's what they call our love.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Yeah!
Oh!
Yeah!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
I guess I didn't know I guess I didn't know
Get Busy Time Get Busy Time
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because real radio makes Captain Jack cry.
Hello and welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 62.
And we're playing Max 2 USA MP3s tonight.
So in that break you heard a little bit of ecstasy, bad routine, and busy child.
We're just going to hit them in alphabetical order.
We've got 15 songs to play tonight, five breaks we usually do.
So we'll have just enough to put us through the rest of the show.
So speaking of Max 2 USA, it's the big news this week, Wednesday.
We haven't had a new DDR game in the USA for over a year.
We haven't really seen any new DDR of any kind, unless you live in Europe.
You haven't seen any new DDR of any kind since Extreme in January.
So this is like big news this week.
So, what did you guys think? Best damn home version ever. Why? Because it's got so many
licensed tracks that are unique to the game that they actually put some thought into what
songs to put in and actually did a good job of it. Well, yeah, but this is better. Max
X2 is 20 times better.
Any particular favorites?
They had Xenon in it and I like pissed my pants when I unlocked it.
You didn't spoil, I went and spoiled the list.
I went on Wednesday morning and read the whole damn list.
I would just want to know.
I want to know what the hell was in the game.
I didn't even go online Wednesday until, like, when I was halfway through unlocking it, when
I was going to go online and see how far you guys were into it.
Yeah.
Hopefully you were listening to us on Wednesday.
I don't even care.
I don't care if it's a spoiler or not.
Two words.
Tomorrow perfume.
That's it.
Tomorrow perfume was an excellent choice for an unlock to the game.
Yes, it was.
I'm going to start off with a bitch, and it's my one bitch about Max 2 USA.
Otherwise the game is fucking fabulous, but this is my bitch.
Almost one out of every three songs has been in a USA release before, including like half
the unlocks.
Like when I unlocked Afronova, okay no, when I unlocked Put Your Faith In Me, I about threw
a brick through the TV, okay?
I was like, if Loki hadn't bought this brand new TV, I would have put a brick through it.
Because I was just like, what the hell?
Put Your Faith In Me?
At least it wasn't a jazzy group.
I mean, if you're going to repeat something, repeat a good song.
my one bitch otherwise yeah I like the game but I just I felt a little cheated
I was like couldn't they have just put another 2d x song in there like if they
wanted to put something booty like if they had to have a booty song instead of
put your faith in me how about my baby more game oh yes put in my baby mama
because I'll tell you one of the coolest things one of the things I freaking love
about max to USA is those fourth mix songs conga feeling dream a dream in the
Navy, 3rd Mix, 4th Mix, whatever. Those songs have been completely reinvented. The fact
that they're in 60 frames a minute, background videos, fucking rule. I'm almost a little
disappointed that there weren't more of them. Like I was a little surprised that Heaven
didn't have its video. I thought there would be a video for that. Okay, so they probably
had licensing issue problems. Fine. So, you know, give it to them, fine. They probably
had to pay a lot more to license the videos. The Days Go By video is pretty cool. I'll
tell you what, favorite video. You know how many songs actually have music videos though?
If you do the counting, six. I think it's only six. It's the two Captain Jack songs,
Conga Feelin', Whistle Song, Love at First Sight, Days Go By, and Four Strings, oh maybe
there was eight because that's seven I just named. Four Strings has a video that has the
trains in it and the green wall. Nobody knew what video it was when you saw it. Oh yeah,
You have to just look at the Four Strings video.
The steps to that song are really good.
You know how everybody thought?
You remember when the early early pictures of Max 2 came out and they had the trains
and everybody said it was Chemical Brothers Star Guitar?
It was actually the Four Strings video.
Yeah, whatever.
I was done with that game in one hour.
I was just like, eh, I'm over it.
You know what though?
We had like a working dance pad in here right now, I think I'd still be playing it every
day for exercise.
Oh yeah, doubles?
Awesome.
My ignition pad, mine, that I got as an alimony payment.
Yeah, so we've heard about that pad so many times already, we don't need to hear it again.
You're right, we don't need to hear it again.
But just the random old non-stop is keeping me playing it every day.
You know what, if I had a dance pad to play it on, not just a controller, I'd be playing
it every day too.
You know what's weird is I think between this, and I'm going to get into this later, between
this and RVGL's recent turnaround, I'm like totally into DDR again, it's scary.
Except for the whole wobbly pad thing on Xtreme and RVGL, I played one game on it and I was
like E. Other comments on Max2?
You haven't been able to play it yet, Aaron, right?
Hopefully during a break we'll be able to sneak it on so you can see it.
Favorite video?
Puppy.
Favorite video?
Let's see, I have to go with in the Navy video.
I would say it's a tie, because I love Conga Feelin, I love Vivian, she's a fat Shakira,
I love her.
But Dream of Dream is so cool too, like the flying car and the lucky rocks.
There's a flying car in the Dream of Dream video, it's awesome.
I think I have to say Conga Feelin though, because like, they change, one thing you may
not know if you haven't picked up Max 2 USA yet, they changed all the backgrounds for
the 4th mix and before songs that have videos. So Conga Feelin, Dream of Dream, they all
have new backgrounds that are stills from the music video. The Dream of Dream background
is the best DVR background ever. But the Conga Feelin video is like this shot of Vivian and
she has like her mouth open and her eyes squinty. It looks scary. I think it's a throwback to
the original 4th Plus video, which was the girl with her mouth open, but the way they
got the freeze-frame in the video, it looks like a cum shot.
Like hug a feeling, because Vivian's got her mouth open, she's like, oh yeah baby!
What about Captain Jack's background for Dream of a Dream?
Dream of a Dream was awesome.
He's just like, scary monster man, shittiest background, shittiest new background, beloved
first sight video scary I would say I don't want to watch the whole thing
this background is days go by I'm sorry I don't because that shot of the guys in
the car they like keep showing that in the video they're actually it's because
they're the singers well you can't really see the see it very much because
the videos are so low-res but they're actually singing the song in the
background well it's not I don't like that that's a video though that I need
to get the whole thing of the because yeah that's the worst video but no but
no for days go by though the whole video I really want to see it because it's
supposed to be like I actually have a whole story to it why is it oh yeah it
has subtitles to which somehow I think they totally edited the max to USA one
because it has no subtitles so I think they totally picked pick and chose
different clips because if you notice if you watch the Kylie video they had to
edit that too because they have to edit it to go with the edited song I think
I think it also turned into widescreen on the Max 2 background video.
I didn't pay that close attention, unfortunately.
I thought they changed the ratio so that it wouldn't show where the actual subtitles would have been.
Maybe. They may have done something like that.
If you want to comment on Max 2 USA with the rest of our listeners, www.calibomani.com, click on Orange Lounge and click on Chat.
We'll be playing Max 2 USA MP3s throughout the evening.
We also have the three brand new songs in DDR.
my next question what you guys think of the brand brand new songs have never
been in DDR I'm sorry that have never been in the Konami originals have not
been in any game yet like forever sunshine and all that stuff fun forever
sunshine came out of my ass equally brown goo that's what that song was we
found a singer that sings worse than Paul Atari we didn't think it was
I love you has the chick from let them move singing and it's actually a really damn good
song.
Yeah it is.
The first time I heard it it was like eh but it started to grow on me.
Forever sunshine is awful it has miss piggy singing it is what we were saying on wednesday
you know.
I wish they would have taken that one new song from Lesson Mode and actually put that
into the game.
The biggest letdown is not having that song in the game as a playable song.
That's one we didn't rip.
We should have played...
Oh, that's one thing we got to do.
I actually just played through that whole section of Lesson Mode just so I could play
busy stuff. They all do their own dance so it's really stupid looking.
Sometimes they'll do the same dance with the same type.
Did you like the dancers overall, Jamie? Did you think it was a good feature?
They were all cleaned up and cel shaded. They were really nice.
The characters looked gorgeous. Cel shaded rage is fucking pimp.
Do you think they totally stole that idea from StepMania though?
They could have, but StepMania isn't cel shaded.
You know what? They did it better in the USDR I gotta say. But I'll tell you what, the best
The best thing about those characters is when you get extra stage playing Max and the Light.
Oh my God, there's seizures!
It's funny. It's so funny.
It's like, hello, seizures. It's crazy.
23rd Magus says in the chatroom, the best song in the game was the Midnight Blaze remix in the menus.
That was an awesome mix. Again, kind of a disappointment that that wasn't there.
Was that the same one from Beaver?
I'm not sure, I guess.
I hate System SF.
I know you hate System SF, but we'll get into it later.
It was actually kind of hard, and it was fun, and I liked it.
We're going to have that next week.
Next week, we're going to have the US v. Rare 2, Jamie has it, and she's going to bring
it next week for us.
After the show tonight, by the way, Night Style, original soundtrack, we're going to
play it for you guys, because we've been playing bits and pieces for you guys throughout the
week, but I know most of you guys listen to tonight's show, so...
Didn't it go up on MGZ?
The first disc?
I don't know, we had the whole thing.
We got it through a different source.
One of our studio regulars got it for us.
It's okay.
Yep.
I only need to get a copy then.
I can't copy tonight, but I can get it for you during the week.
Anyway.
Anybody else want a microphone now?
Yeah.
Anyone else want to comment on Max 2?
Loki?
I've never played it.
Bradley?
I know you haven't played it.
Bradley, you have anything you want to say on Max 2?
I know you got a little bit out on Wednesday, but...
Jamie!
What do you have to say about Max 2?
She's cooking.
She's cooking.
So I'm like stuck with a microphone?
Yeah.
What else is there to talk about with Max 2?
I'm actually glad they took out OE's and replaced them with non-stops, because non-stops are much better.
Jason Enos is brilliant.
Yes, thank you.
Thank you, that's why I forgot.
The information screen is like the best part of the unlocks, completely.
It is so hilarious.
Supposedly, the rumor is Jason Enos wrote all those himself.
I mean, we know he did for Max, so we kind of assume he did for Max 2.
Who knows, but those things were the funniest damn things I've ever read.
You know what, and there's one for every damn song in the game.
Yes, and they're funny. Some of them are kind of generic, but some of the ones that use the worst puns ever are so great.
Honestly, that was part of the unlocking for me, was just getting to do the bad puns.
Yes, Jamie?
I didn't get a chance to check it out because I've been kind of busy but I'm going to be
using the workout mode in the game and it looks like it was tweaked a little bit.
Have you looked at workout mode?
They did change it.
They did.
I was not able to find non-stops though.
I heard a rumor that non-stops were in workout mode.
We couldn't find them.
Oh, maybe that's what we did wrong.
Well, I'll tell you what though, they totally changed the interface.
The interface in workout mode looks better than in the end game.
it has like the stars and the flashing red background yeah it's pretty it's
very pretty I know it's pretty it's got the little spiral swirly thing and it
makes it look cool I kind of like how max to USA feels a little bit like a
hybrid of max to an extreme like with all the extreme videos being in there
and stuff but what's interesting is that when October 9th that we're only like
two weeks away from it we're gonna be seeing the Japanese version of extreme
and we here at orange on radio course will be getting that we're gonna do
Another big promo for that one.
Yeah, but the problem is, we don't know what day we're going to get it.
You may not get it for like three weeks after it's released.
Well, we're hoping we're going to get it within days of its release.
It could be, it'll be like a Wednesday or a Thursday, we think.
So.
Which means it'd be in the middle of the week,
which means I can't come out and do.
Which is fine, because Wednesday and
Thursday is kind of open on Orange on Twitter right now,
with Livewar being on hiatus and everything so yeah look you'll get into
that later why Livewar is on her hiatus for the well um DR extreme Japan it's
kind of like wow it's gonna be interesting because max to USA for once
it's like it's taken a lot of the good things before the Japanese can do it
yeah we actually beat them two things and there's self-shading characters the
Some of the songs.
Background movies.
Some of the songs.
Background movies.
Although if you heard this, this is kind of news that came out this week, DDR Party Edition,
the one that's going to come out after Extreme.
I don't know if it's the end of the year or first quarter next year, but it's kind of
going to be a best hits too, basically, but it's going to use music videos.
And it's been confirmed-
That could be interesting.
It's been confirmed that Conga Field is going to have its videos, so who knows what other
videos we're going to get now.
Probably the same four we have in Max 2 USA.
Could we get Butterfly's video, because Butterfly has been confirmed in the mix.
Okay. No. Just no. That's frightening. And whose phone is ringing? I hear a tone.
Bad song in that mix. Spice Girls Wannabe is going to be in DDR Party. It has two new songs. One of them is a B4U song and the other one is Spice Girls.
Because it's in the new euro, it's in the new euro game.
Fuck the Spice Girls! Fuck them! Fuck their music!
Why do they have to prolong their song's life?
And of course, people are spreading rumors that the Korean songs will finally make their debut in Party. I doubt it too.
Never gonna happen, stop wanting those old pieces of shit songs.
They suck.
If they were so good, they would have brought them back.
But they suck.
It was a Korean game in the first place.
Get over it.
Face sucks.
I will give you that, but back row.
What's the one wherever you go?
What's the slow one?
Bueul.
Bueul.
Bueul sucks.
But like, wah, bakwah, song-suk, mask time.
Yes.
One of the Sacramento regulars had a routine to be a little it was pretty cool.
Anyway Holly is posting parody lyrics to Wannabe.
If you want to be my butter, you got to spread on my bread.
That's cute.
That's very cute.
Yeah.
Tell me, tell me, have like the funnest trick double steps ever.
I don't do trick doubles.
Thank you.
Star Yan.
That's the worst Double Step.
Nope.
I don't think it'll happen.
We need bass solo songs.
So, Extreme will be out in a few weeks and there's a couple new tracks in Extreme. It'll be fun.
Like, A Stupid Barber.
A Stupid Barber has been confirmed.
What the hell is that song?
It's by Soda. It's by the same one who did one of the songs.
Do It Right.
Is it Do It Right?
Yeah.
It's also one of the songs in Max 2 USA.
It's one of the Hidden Max 2 USA songs too. I just can't think of the name. I'm looking
it up right now. I Need You. That one. I Need You was by him too.
Was it piano in the background? Oh. Oh. That one was, right, whatever.
So, um, okay, so what's this, what's this that you're going to play for us, Logie?
This is the track that was in the lesson mode in X2.
I think, I heard it, I heard it, it called Overloaded, alright let's hear it.
All right, that is Lesson Two, we're calling it for now, or it might be Overloaded, because
that's the one lyric in it.
But that is Lesson Two in Max2USAC, if you want to listen to it, that's the song you
have.
and what if that's a stupid barber that would be no just no I doubt it but that
would be cool well here's the other thing though it's one of the things we
can look at since pretty much you can guarantee extreme the party mix max to
USA and dancing stage fever are whatever their one is gonna be called now that
I don't know if it's fever or not but anyways they're all sharing the same
song list that was in max 2 so you pretty much eliminate all the songs
have been confirmed for the other games and you're left with what's an extreme
which one of them is max period probably another max max period the problem is is
if that appears in DDR extreme it's going to be pretty much guaranteeing
that that's going to be DDR extreme was the last arcade version because they
never released maxes on the home versions at all so that'd be my guess I
I'm gonna go out on a limb here and I know Loki's gonna yell at me for it but
I think max period is a red herring I don't think it means anything I think
it'll be it'll be nothing I don't think it's gonna be a song but I would love to
be proven wrong mine didn't break I didn't I don't even remember when it
broke. Maybe that song was max period. Oh my gods. Okay, we're going to take a break.
We're going to play some more Max2USA stuff. When we come back, we're going to finish up
any talk on Max2USA. We're going to talk a bit about some other games and some other
arcades in town. We're going to talk about 2DX as well when we come back. After this
a group of Max 2 USA MP3s are going to hear in this break start off with Days Go By. And
you're going to hear Forever Sunshine in this break, too.
No!
No! God, no. It's only a minute and 28 seconds, but I feel an obligation to our listeners
who haven't been able to hear it yet. They can say they've heard it, so here it is.
Do you really want to scare the crap out of them?
That's okay, because after that we get one of the coolest 70s songs ever, Get Down Tonight.
Do a little dance.
You know what? You know what? People don't need to buy laxatives anymore, because all
All we have to do is listen to that Sunshine song, and it will make them poop.
And if we have the Sunshine Creep, I love you.
Listen Frog, now is that song worse than Let Them Move?
Is that song worse than Let Them Move?
We will find out, we will find out after the break.
We should make the chat room vote.
Feelin' at my fingertips With an atmosphere
You
Leave me when I'm at first
Feelin' as if I've been a ghost With a cold within
Days go by and still I think of you.
Days when I couldn't live my life without you.
Without you.
Without you.
When your day is bright and sun shines all through the night
That's when, when you know you did
Then you did it by design
Sitting on the beach and sand tickles your feet
That's when, when you know you did
Then you did it by forever sunshine
Like this sport of sunshine
Kind of sport of sunshine
Free of all the sunshine
And you, I'll be kind
If you can meet in the sunshine
Like this sport of sunshine
Free of sport of sunshine
We won't pass
The chance
Take back
Let's get together, on your heart, me and you
And do the things, oh, do the things
That we like to do, oh
Do a little dance, make a little love
Get down tonight, get down tonight
Baby babe, I need you
Same place, same time
Where we can all get together
And ease up our mind
Oh, do a little dance
Make a little love
Get down tonight
Get down tonight, baby
Get down, get down, get down, get down, get down tonight, baby
Get down, get down, get down, get down, get down tonight baby
Welcome back boys and girls to Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 62, playing Max 2 USA
MP3s all night tonight.
In that break you heard Dirty Vegas stays go by, Shell Y with Forever Sunshine, and
Miss Piggy, and Casey and the Sunshine Band with Get Down Tonight.
I have to make a comment on the chatroom for your response to Biohazard.
Don't diss Casey and the Sunshine Band.
That is the best fucking song ever.
You know what, though?
I do have to agree with half of what he says.
I think Let's Groove is funner to dance to, and funner is a word, yes.
Gotcha though?
Can't stand it.
Can't stand Gotcha.
I cannot stand dancing that song.
Okay, just still.
Before we went to the break-
Casey and the Sunshine Band is better.
Casey and the Sunshine Band rules.
Before we went to the break,
we said we were gonna settle a debate.
Which song is worse,
Forever Sunshine or Let Them Move?
The chat room has voted
and I will reveal what they have voted,
which one is worse,
but I just wanna hear what you guys think and why.
Erin, we haven't heard much from you tonight.
Which song's worse, Let Them Move or Forever Sunshine?
I guess you guys should know my opinion on this.
i did freestyle
well i did i did freestyle to let them move
and we all know how that turned out so
i guess i could say forever sunshine is kind of weird
but is it worse?
okay so aaron says
forever sunshine is a little worse
just a little though
uh...
puppy
which one's worse and why?
Front of Sunshine is because I can stand Let Them Move if I turn the volume down a little bit, but no, this song is just ew.
Jamie, which is worse and why?
After dealing with Let Them Move for three and a half, nearly four years, uh-uh, Let Them Move is still the worst.
Because, see, that Miss Piggy song, the only thing I don't like about it is her voice. I like the tune, I like the bouncy happy happy.
But let them move, there's nothing redeemable about it.
That woman and this piggy need to be shut up, need to be dragged out in the street and
shot repeatedly in various orifices starting with their mouth.
Bradley, which song is worse and why?
Let Them Move is worse.
This woman in this song can actually sing alright, even if she sings weird.
But let them move if she just screeches and makes it much worse.
So that's it.
Loki, which song is worse and why?
I think they need to do Let Them Move Ska, which would be
pretty cool.
Da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da.
Let them move, sweet, sweet baby.
They could totally do it.
They get like, I don't know, get some ska band to do it.
I mean, there's plenty of guitar, or was it Mr. Brian and
the final ban. Get him to do that. Oh yeah, we should have put Crash in there too, but
that's alright. That wasn't an option. So, what's your answer? I dislike them equally.
Honestly, I hate Forever Sunshine because it's happy and I don't like happy. It's happy
like Poppy. Like, look, the sun is smiling, the clouds are smiling, the little furry animals
are smiling everybody is smiling happy happy to scream scream badly yeah I just
all right me personally as much as now I can impersonate Muppets to both of them
because I can do miss piggy with forever sunshine but would let them move I can
also do but let them move is by far worse
I love imitating this piggy more than I do almost, so Forever Sunshine is way worse.
I'm sorry, I mean Let Them Move is way worse.
Forever Sunshine is better.
I actually somewhat enjoy Forever Sunshine in a campy musical sort of way.
All right, so I think it was even.
We had Loki, Bradley, and me said Let Them Move, no, because Jamie also said Let Them
Move is worse.
So it was four, and then you two say Forever Sunshine.
What do you guys think the chat room said?
Let Them Move.
By an overwhelming majority, well mostly overwhelming, the chat room says Let Them Move is the worst
song.
So, there you go.
That's the way you guys voted.
I don't think it matters because it's still banned from the station.
Let Them Move is banned from the station.
I don't know about Forever Sunshine though.
I don't know if I put that in or not today.
I put a bunch of new Max2USA MP3s in today.
I don't know if Forever Sunshine is one of them or not.
Thank you, Violent Hyper Burp Girl.
That was impressive.
Hey, it was a double.
Let's get into 2DX News and speaking of bad songs, you know the 9th Style soundtrack came
out like just a week ago pretty much and I have to admit something, and this is hard,
this is painful, I need to sit down for this, and you know the last time I sat down to admit
something I was admitting that I like Paul Atari's version of Dive, so you know that
this is bad, okay?
There was a song that I was somewhat surprised to see on the 9th Style soundtrack and I forgot
that this song was in night style, but when I was listening to this song, I realized that
in the context of 2DX, I actually kind of liked this song. And that song, that song
is, don't say it, don't say it, stop, kind of like bag. You fag. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
I like bag. I apologize to my mommy. Jamie likes bag too? It'll only be good when it
gets remixed by 2MB. Where the hell has 2MB been? Seriously? He's just like, yeah. That
personality, duh. Okay, where has 2MB been? I mean, seriously, he's just like, after 5th
I quit you know me to get to and be here to take all the shitty sauce and
Naoki the other personality keeps making and remit no wait to MB is not Naoki. I thought it was no
It's you won the hour
You tricked me
How dare I yeah, we need to get him back to like this I absolutely agree with Brack 2000
He says bag is bad for DDR. That's why I hated bag before it is an acid song to dance
Bag should have been in Para Para.
It was not fun at all.
But Bag in 2DX would actually be kind of fun.
I haven't played it in 2DX yet, but I think I'd actually enjoy it.
So I found that on the Night Style OST, I actually enjoyed Bag.
Sorry, Loki, it's the truth.
And I believe in telling the truth on this show.
Whatever.
Also, on the Night Style soundtrack, there's some great stuff.
A long version of Golden Horn.
Awesome.
version of the end of my spiritually and that's not a typo it's not spirituality
it's the end of my spiritually if you listen to the lyrics it's great and yes
I agree with I agree in the chat room somebody I scroll off the screen but
logic board is awesome I love that song so and I and I agree with Jamie when she
says more men with nice asses need to dance to bag and wear a kilt and would
Would that be a military-style kilt?
A full traditional.
Okay.
How does Sweden Savage sound?
Pretty nice. Pretty good.
That's the other athletics one, right?
That's what I thought. Yeah, it's pretty good.
It's interesting because when you hear things on the night-style OST, it sounds a lot different than those MP3s that were leaked before.
Please don't go needs to be in DDR.
Imagine how fun that would be on the little scratchy parts.
Why can't they take songs from 2DX like Please Don't Go and put those into Max 2 USA instead
of...
Oh my God, VJ Army would kick so much ass in DDR.
Why don't they take those instead and put them in instead of repeating fucking Put Your
Faith In Me?
And what I don't get is they're like in-house music, so why, I mean...
I know.
Pay your artists their little peanut or whatever.
X broke it down on DDR Freak The Reasons Why and he was basically like, you know, you can
have the repeats or you can have nothing or something like that. But I'm like, you know
what, I'm sorry, I respect their decision or whatever but I don't agree with it. I think
they could have taken more 2DX songs. I don't know what they're saving it for because as,
you know, it's going to take another year before we see Max 3 or Xtreme in the U.S.,
whatever it is, if we even see it at all, they may not do one.
Why is it that like you can have... And by then we're going to have 9th and 10th
No, no, no, why is it that you can have a person say, oh, I don't know, this guy goes
by the name Healing Vision, or a guy that goes by the name Utterdude, or this guy,
Matt, I forget his last name, why can they pump out really quality, and this is talking
about better than home version, like sim files, of these songs, and we're not talking full
sets, we're talking full difficulties for singles and doubles.
like a few hours and it takes, you know, Konami of America people like half a year to pump
out quality steps. I'm going to touch on something. Rumor is, it has not been confirmed that
KOA actually did those steps. Rumor is that KOJ might have done quite a few of them, especially
the things that are going to show up in Extreme later, like Sunshine and stuff. But I'm just
saying, the same people who have done all the steps before are probably still doing
them for DDR Max 2 USA. It has not been confirmed that KOA has been doing them in-house. I have
You have to notice that a lot of the new original songs in Max 2 kind of get stuck with a lot of fucking freeze arrows, and you remember what happened in Max 1 with that.
Hi, here's my suggestion. Dear Konami, when you're going to put out Max 3 or Xtreme or whatever the next thing is that's going to come out in the US, there better be something else!
Please have an edit bank.
Yeah, seriously, go with the databank just like last time.
If this is what you need to link up to the old mixes, fuck this repeating, put your faith
in me stuff just because the damn song was in economics, bring up an edit bank that has
steps to songs like Dark Black Forest, Japan, things that were in earlier mixes, and there
you go.
Now people have a reason to get those old mixes because they want to see edit banking
with them.
And not only that, here's a few other things you can do.
Put in challenge mode.
You do not need a story mode because then we'd be going back to one of the worst Konami
games ever, Dance Dance Dance.
With a little stupid RPG mode in it, ugh that game sucked.
Dance Dance Dance.
Dance Dance Dance, this one started the Bimani thing.
Dance Dance Dance started the Bimani thing, it did not begin with Beatmania, the style
game with BeatMania, but the whole music game thing started with dance, dance, dance, and
the game flows.
Yeah, challenge mode for sure, but set up like drill mode, because in that way you can
have drill mode as being both a training lesson mode thing and a challenge mode at the same
time. And drill modes are fun, I mean it takes you a long time to go through and you can
incorporate that. That and the unlocks. Don't make a song get unlocked after ten songs.
Seriously, we play a full two sets of songs, five songs each, and we get an unlock.
That's retarded.
But what do you say to the people that disagree with you and say, you know what, fuck the
unlocks, just have it all to begin with.
Why do we even waste our time unlocking things?
Just blow your load in the beginning.
Because there's no point in playing the game then if you have no purpose to play the game.
You have to have a goal.
Well, what about playing the songs and dancing to them?
That's what you do in DDR.
You have to have a goal.
It's going to get boring faster.
What would you think now?
I think, but we know this is never going to happen because the economy of America is not
going to put out an arcade machine. But let's say KOJ does this. An F-Zero type
unlock system where you have to go back and forth between the arcade and the home
version to unlock things. It would be cool but it'll never work. Because they'll
never make an arcade version.
Anyway, we'd be interested in your suggestions as well for Max 3 USA or
Xtreme, whatever it's called. Oh, it's just put it this way. www.kaliabomani.com
Click on orange lounge and click on chat once I get the freaking
Cabinet done in here and you see how I have the sim set up
You know with all the songs and there's gonna be unlocks in there
This is how the damn game should be like my home cabinet
We're gonna have quality songs in there because I don't pay licensing rights to anyone
You should make multiple machines and then sell them.
You should go suck my cock.
Okay, what time is it? We need to record the time so that...
No styling has a great one. He says the unlock should be nude images of Konami's staff.
routine mode where it's another set of steps but it goes with a dancing character on screen
where you do what they do and it kind of goes with that.
So like a learn how to freestyle like Mel B.
No, no, see the problem with that is that now you're going to have a bunch of little
uncharted teeny bopper idiots freestyling exactly the same routine and that's really
bad.
As opposed to a bunch of stupid Asians para-para-ing, I mean seriously.
Her is dead, okay?
It was cool until they made the videos and put it on the machine.
I would be fine with Konami doing a learn how to freestyle like us thing as long as,
and I preface this with a disclaimer, views and opinions expressed by me do not express
those words on video, as long as it's not 8-Ball.
I can't make a comment.
I cannot make a comment.
we'll take your silence as your comment
well i still have stuff to say about that
idea for freestyling i mean
then they're all gonna
there's no there's no uniqueness to the freestyling where everyone's just gonna base their routines off what it
looks like
you know what they see on the screen
oh yeah you're right that would be a fucking nightmare because every routine you'd see in the
arcade
would be the same thing as the home version like look at me
and then
just be like
you know everyone knee dropping and hand slapping all over again
OK, so basically it's going to be based off of that routine there.
Gee, no one bases their routines off of music videos or anything.
No one emulates anybody.
They're all original.
Then again, do you really want people just imitating the home versions?
It's better than watching people hump the bar, jump over the bar,
run across the screen, hand slap, knee drop, and act like idiots.
No, I don't mind people jumping over the bar for the few times
that they miss and nut themselves.
OK, well, that's fine.
But other than that, though, well, other than freestyle
mode or whatever that would be, my other idea was, now,
StepMe has kind of done this.
They have a mode in it called Minds, which is kind of neat.
There's steps that go up, like arrows and stuff, normal,
whatever, I don't know if it's randomly generated or
whatever, but there's also steps that you can't step on.
If you step on them, you lose health.
This is what I've been saying.
if DDR is going to come back in Japan, it needs to be competitive. I've said this like
five out of the last ten shows, DDR needs to come back competitive, as a competitive
game, as opposed to, let's have fun and hold hands and dance, and play cooperative, da-da-da-da-da-da-da.
Everybody dance! And it needs to be fucking hardcore. Or, you know, like they have second
mixed battle, needs to be something like that in there, they need something like dance magic,
they need just anything that's competitive. I want at the very end of each battle round,
There'd be smoke coming out of the middle of the city, and strobe lights, strobe lights, lots of strobe lights.
Exactly. I want unison. I want all that shit back.
I want second mixed version dance battle.
DDR has gotten fucking tame as it's been going along, and it's time for DDR to get mean.
Do you know how easy tournaments would be? Do you know how easy and common tournaments would be?
they should have tournament mode where it's just already set up in the cabinet but uh yeah um what
else could they have well definitely like um some new sort of unlocks you know but i like see i
liked kind of like max usa's unlocks it was weird yeah where you did that it was where you could
get it by doing the songs you had to do a lot more songs you know 500 songs to get drop the
the bomb.
That was worth it.
But you could do other little stupid things to get them too.
You're right.
They need to find a happy medium between Max USA and Max 2 USA.
Because Max USA, I got tired of playing like 500 songs to get the next unlock, but I also
got tired of playing just 10 songs and getting the unlocks like super fast.
So they need to kind of balance it out in the middle there somewhere and that'd be kind
of cool.
It's funny because when Marin in the chat room says, get mean, DDR runs around biting
people
Well, I think it was in Space... No, not Space Jam 5. It was in that Buster, um, move game or whatever that we were playing a while back.
Uh, Dance Summit?
Dance Summit, where if you do good in a song, or do perfect or whatever, that the song changes.
Like, it kind of remixes itself. That would be kind of weird.
But it'd be cool.
Alright, I'm done.
Okay, uh, we're gonna take a quick break, and this break we're gonna hear, uh, Heaven.
This is a big one because, uh, this was the number one requested licensed song, please get it, and Konami did it.
They Got Heaven and we're gonna hear the mix of that that's in DDR Max 2 USA and we're
also gonna hear I Need You, which is one of the songs, is a Konami original that has not
been in DDR any Bimani game before.
And then we'll also hear Keep On Lifting, that song from BeatMania 3 that made it into
Max 2 USA.
When we come back, since we haven't gotten around to it yet, we usually kick off the
show with it, but a lot of people have some stories they want to tell, we're gonna get
into how was your day, how was your week, when we come back.
Maybe you're all that I want When you're lying here in my eyes
I'm finding it hard to believe we're in heaven
Oh, I'm thinking about our younger years There was only you and me
We were young and wild and for free
Now nothing can take you away from me
We've been through the road before
That's over, no
But you've been coming back for more
Baby, you're all that I want
When you're lying here in my house
I'm finding it hard to believe we're in heaven
And love is all that I need
And I found it there in your heart
It is too hard to see
We're in heaven
The promise of love doesn't have been good A little spark of wherever I've been to
The place that I waited for all of my life And I don't know what we're gonna do
I need you, need you
And we know that I'm not alone
You need that
I know I'm the one
I'm going to begin to love you
Oh, believe, believe, believe me
Yeah, and you don't stop
Come on!
Can you listen to the touch of jazz?
Singing, drinking to the game
You are loved when I say your name
Bunch of rain, candlelight, wine and dine
Punch line, non-stop dedication
Rock the nation 24-7
It feels like heaven, can you see the king's feet?
Words rise, melody, poetry, you know me
Hard time, long dawn, yeah, let's get it on
What you did for me, I'm so grateful
You lifted what was low, now I'm free
You took the blindness off the icy clearance
Created peace where the confusion had overtaken the flow
You keep fallin' into me
You keep fallin' into me
No, and you keep fallin' into me
Now I gotta say I'm feelin' better
You keep fallin' into me
You keep fallin' into me
We go back to keep on living it like
We're gonna take our feelings back
I read the end of the block when you walked in
Taking time to drop the rideline
Cause you so fine, you're shine
Now you're mine, it was meant to be
You feel it forever baby, we are between
Seeing dreams end up here, don't stop
Like jazz and hip-hop, it can make your body and soul
Our future grow, making dreams come true
Coming strong, baby, do just me and you
Yeah, you know how we do it
Rock Over London, Rock Over Chicago, Orange Lounge Radio, it's a good place to listen
to the music.
Makes me sad, Wesley Willis, dead and gone.
I cry.
Alright, as promised, now is the part of the show where we go around and talk to our guests
and we talk about how was your week and how was your day and I know some people have some
exciting things to talk about and I, for one, I want to talk about, well, we'll get to that
one when we get to me.
Who wants to start tonight?
You always do, Jamie.
Go for it.
I didn't know you always did, but fine, do it.
Jamie is shoving a peanut in her mouth.
What if other people want to go first today?
But if other people want to go first today, screw them.
My week has been okay.
I've been sleep deprived all week, I haven't gotten more than four hours of sleep a night.
So I crashed really bad on Friday night.
I stayed up as late as I could, I used to play fantasy star, uh-uh.
I barely had enough of an attention span for Ragnarok.
I passed out like at 2 a.m., got up at 1130-ish, something like that.
I went out and hung out with Iguana Girl all weekend, all Saturday, and we bought Iguana
food for Moo, and watched Life of Brian and Jay and Silent Bob back to back while cutting
it green.
So my fingers turned green.
It was scary.
I played DDR Thursday.
Oh my gosh, okay, you have to realize the past like three weeks I go here Jamie
Do you have anything Bamani related? You want to tell us?
You made it in your life journal entry and I know you keep your life journal
friends only but maybe this is one you wouldn't mind sharing kind of about what you were saying about 40 minutes of DDS
306 calories burned. Hey, so and that's just like, you know on the medium mode on workout
I'm workout mode
on the old max
Yeah, because that was before I got my MAX II.
And you know what?
It was pretty fun.
I was really tired and everything.
Yeah, this was Thursday.
No, I'll take it back.
It wasn't Thursday.
It was Wednesday.
Something like that.
But anyway, I was still really tired.
I've been so tired all week that I really haven't been able to put much more effort
into it.
But that's how, when I first started playing DDR,
I played for an hour every night.
I mean, more than an hour.
I would do like two hours of nothing
but knockout on second mix.
And I'm thinking that that's what I'm going to do again.
Better living through DDR.
Seriously, I'm going to lose weight again.
If I play more DDR, I'll lose weight again.
So I'm going to get back into playing and mixing
that with going to the gym.
And Saturday, I got milk tea and boiled peanuts.
And I don't know how many people know anything
about living in the South.
But I haven't, for years, I hadn't
been able to find boiled peanuts until I moved out here,
until I started shopping at the Asian food stores.
So I was like, boiled peanuts.
And they were fresh boiled peanuts.
Everything was really good.
And anyway, I've got some goodies.
I have lots of key at home, picked up some treats for people.
But boiled peanuts, that was like the highlight of my weekend was boiled peanuts.
I never get them.
The one thing that I wish I could find is boiled peanuts in a can.
I've not been able to find those anywhere outside the South.
So that's been my, yeah, and I've been busy with other stuff.
The really crappy drama thing seems to have subsided, which I'm pretty glad for.
And.
There was drama?
There was drama involving a site, but it's pretty much resolved.
I've just been feeling really crappy all week, you know, in general, but it hasn't been a bad week.
So, and they can't hear any of your commentary because you're busy sucking nuts.
the look on your face is great
my nuts are good, they're safe for consumption
anyway
you're done? GEEZ! I'm just saying
are you done? yeah! are you dead?
Erin's got her hand out so
what? what? what? what? what?
what? what? hi
How was your week? How was your day?
Alright, well, um, for those of you who know X to Nine Cent, aka Claudia, has officially got me addicted to Initial D!
Boo! Damn her! Just kidding.
Yeah, I spent a total, at least ten dollars on the game.
Cause it's only, it's only like forty, it's only like forty cents at the MU to play.
And, it's five tokens to a dollar, so, two tokens per game.
so yeah five games for two dollars good shit also i started school this week and workload 57
english 57 which is a stupid little remedial english class feels just like high school
unfortunately so i'm stuck there for a quarter and yeah i have to interject real fast because
the chat room won't shut up about this chat room i assure you we will play overloaded in the after
to birth again, okay? There you go. Alright, sorry, Violent Hypergirl, go ahead.
And Holly says, can I have your salty nuts? Uh, sure. Anyway, sorry to interrupt, do you
want to finish your story? Well, yeah, I actually didn't get lost on campus for my first day
of school, woohoo! And I've also become quite popular in the dorms after playing piano so
many times. Oh, you're already popular in the dorms, huh? Not that way! But yeah, other
than that, we kind of settled in. Our apartments cooled down considerably. Davis has only been
hitting upwards of, at best, 90 this past week. Yeah, it's been pretty good. And let's
see. Anything special today? No, not really other than it's good to be on Orange Lounge
when there's no internet problems. Yeah, it's nice to be here on a week where the station
works, huh? For those of you that missed last week, you're better off, okay? Just trust
us. We wrote it off. You know what though? You know what's interesting about last week's
show, and I didn't realize this until I was going back and clipping it down for the archives.
We did not take a single break last week at all. Yeah, you didn't notice that? We never
I didn't notice that we did two hours straight so if you think about it, even though a lot
of people were kind of like oh you guys only did two hours you know with all the problems
even though we dropped you guys 37 times thanks to Comcast if you think about it with two
hours straight of content you know throw breaks there really wasn't you didn't lose that much
a show so shut up that's my point shut up yeah all right um let's see other than that
I've actually had my room to myself I'm supposed to be sharing my room with my friend but she
She hasn't been home.
Lucky you.
Oh!
Does she have a boyfriend?
Yeah, she's been spending...
See, there you go.
That's what always happens in college is that, you know, my roommate was the same way indoors
that he was rushing a fraternity.
So he was sleeping with all his boyfriends.
And we all probably know what he was doing with all of them.
Actually no, he also had a girlfriend that lived upstairs and he was staying there sometimes
because the one time she came to stay there, I had a fit, okay?
I was just like, I don't feel comfortable with her being here in the morning when I'm
waking up.
I'm just like, that's weird.
Yeah.
But yeah, okay, so anyone else want to talk about their week?
Okay, so you're done.
Bradley, you have anything you want to share about your week and your day?
How was your week?
How was your day, Bradley?
Hold on.
It's caught on the other one.
Take it away.
Okay.
I didn't do all that much this week.
Every so often, most of it was being lazy for most of the day, punctuated by fits every
so often of looking for a job online, and applying to one or two or three places, and
hopefully someone will call me, because if they don't, I might have to leave the state
probably.
Oh, shit.
It sucks, yeah.
That's not good.
Hello, if you're out there and you want to hire somebody, RKDN42 Bradley, hire him.
Well, most of it's because I'm stupid and it took too long to do stuff.
Anyway, let's see, anything else I did this week?
What else might I have done?
Actually, I don't think I went anywhere any time this week, except for Wednesday I came
over here and played some DDR Max 2.
Since I only have the Japanese version, I don't have a U.S. PS2, so I got to experience
that.
Oh, good.
Good deal.
He went to...
Yes.
He went away.
Went far, far away to get power.
Staying in power.
Here he is.
Puppy, there he is.
I should have made him give me something too.
Oh well.
I should have sent him a shopping list.
Yeah, go back.
She didn't go anywhere yesterday.
I thought I went somewhere yesterday.
Oh crap.
I thought I went somewhere yesterday, oh crap, now I can't remember where I went.
I think I might have went to Walmart, or actually I went to Walmart today.
Damn I also forget why I didn't do one thing and I forget what I did.
Oh actually I went to the post office to mail stuff I sold off and then today I watched
the debate from wednesday after
the governor's debate
and being silly
yeah it was
sorta
okay not all that great of a debate
arnold didn't really impress me all that much
he was more impressed by when he was on
what's-his-face larry king
he was a bit more
no no he was on larry king like
two weeks ago. And, that's pretty much my week. So exciting! Alright, thanks for sharing.
You're just jumping up and down now. Alright, we'll put Puppey on the spot since he dared
to leave the show property how was your week how's your day traitor okay this
week I started classes yay and I spent most of my time playing this guy until I
got max 2 and then I spent all the time playing that and the occasional initial
D-Binge too. Yesterday, I went to Roseville to play F-Zero for nine straight hours. Call
me an addict, I don't care. It's true.
Was the price down to four tokens by then?
Yes, it was.
For the first two days, it was six tokens a game.
And they also didn't have the real cars until Saturday.
As I finished chewing my candy.
Yeah, hello, you're on the radio, don't eat.
Whatever.
So I spent nine hours.
I played 37 games.
In a row?
No.
I knew that was coming.
I had to!
It was like the cursed number of the show.
And then I started from scratch on a brand new card and worked my way all the way up to the highest rank possible as a Master Class license.
I got all the way up to that and I took all the records on five of the six tracks on Time Attack.
And then today I woke up at 1.30 and then sat in the apartment and then came here.
Alright, yeah.
Anything else you want to share?
Random non-stops have been keeping me up late at night because it's just ridiculously fun.
Even though it screws you over with things like Subaru Dark Reverse Stealth.
The one time we played it here on Wednesday when we were broadcasting, they got a really
easy one.
It was like all standard songs, it was stupid.
You haven't played it enough then?
Apparently.
Okay.
Let's do some really fucked up things.
Loki, have a second to tell us about your week and your day?
Yeah.
Alright.
How was your day?
My week was alright, didn't do a whole lot.
Stopped doing live wire because Thursday nights only 4 people were listening to me and I work
on it for 3 hours and that's not a very good mix so I'm taking time off until I feel like
doing it again and then it'll be Wednesdays and then today I've been soldering and for
For some fucking reason in the last five minutes, the solder gun does not want to melt the solder,
period.
So I'm trying to clean the tip, because I think that's what's wrong.
And let's see.
Well, you know what?
You should ditch your class to listen to my show, 23 Maggots.
Don't fucking mention shit if it's out of your control, dumbass.
Well, if I wasn't dead with the computer and the modem, I wouldn't do it, too.
Yeah, the whole world would listen to me, too, also.
Anyways.
There's one eel, and there's two of them.
What else?
Also, today I went shopping and got some more controllers so I can work on my pads.
I got all the wiring done on my pads, so that's kinda cool.
And this should be done hopefully next week, but I don't know because it's been going really slowly.
And then that's it. I'm done.
Oh, went and played F-Zero. That was kind of neat.
That was about it.
I'm done. I'm done.
All right. I need to talk about my week of my day. I can't eat right now.
All right, my week of my day.
My week is pretty good. I saw a lot of movies this week. I've been hanging out with Joey, who's been on the show the past couple of weeks, and he likes to watch a lot of movies at home, so I've been catching up on all these movies I didn't see.
I finally saw Resident Evil for the first time, which was stupid. Also, though, on Thursday was when Roseville Golf Land finally got Max 2, and that made me as happy as a little girl.
What the hell am I talking about?
I'm torn between food and making sense.
I mean F-Zero.
GolfLink got F-Zero and I was so excited because I've been wanting to play F-Zero in the arcade
for so long.
And F-Zero in the arcade is awesome.
It is so awesome.
And I love how it links with the home version.
You can practically unlock all of AX for your GX if you play enough in the arcade.
So after playing F-Zero a lot, and I like to play it where you ride, too, where you
go move with the thing when you put the seat belt on.
I only did that a couple times, but they have a motion machine at Roswell Golf Line, so
it makes it more fun.
I don't like doing the motion on the harder courses, because it's ridiculous.
Since the steering wheel itself doesn't move with the rest of the seat, it's ridiculously
hard to steer.
A little bit, yeah, that's true.
I don't do it anymore, but it was fun the first couple times to go, wee, wee.
Did you play all the courses?
I haven't played them all. No, I've been trying to just play them and race and try to unlock them.
I love Aeropolis. I love the one on the home version. That's one of my favorite tracks, so I had to play that a lot.
And then I've been playing the outer space one a little bit earlier.
Green Plant is fucking crazy.
The last course is fucking crazy. It's like four minutes long.
Yeah. It's only one lap, isn't it?
It's three laps.
Really? Dang.
Yeah. It's like...
The average race on that course is like four and a half minutes.
minutes. That's cool. So F-Zero was cool. And you know what? It got me to go to Roso
Golf Land and when I was able to play there, it was a Thursday night, about 8 o'clock,
so there weren't a lot of kids there and it was nice and quiet and DDR was so loud because
not a lot of games were going and I got to play Conga Feelin' on 4th Plus and I got to
blast the shit out of it and I had so much fun playing DDR and I haven't had that in
a long time so I'm actually on good terms with the Roswell Golf Line again and I'm going
to be going there more often.
It's a revival!
It's weird.
I actually, I kind of want to bring back like how we used to go there once a week.
I kind of want to bring that back, I just don't know when.
I don't know.
Maybe Thursday nights.
And then you can warn the boss of 2DX.
Well actually Scandia fixed their 2DX machine, Scandia fixed some of their stuff so I kind
of have to share time.
Well as of yesterday, 2DX still sucked.
I couldn't play right side very well. I couldn't pass. I failed deadline light seven because I couldn't pass because the frickin keys stuck so much
It was ridiculous, and then I end up playing left side auto scratch so I could just pass songs
Dead air um okay
OK.
That's pretty much all I have to say about my day and my week.
So I think what we're going to do, we're going to take a break.
And when we come back, we'll talk a little bit more,
and then we'll get into the cage match.
So you're listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
If you want to join our chat room,
head on over to our website, www.calibomani.com.
Click on Orange Lounge, and click on Chat.
And you can join in the fun.
And we'll be right back.
In this break, we're going to hear some more
Max 2 USA MB3s, such as, where did we leave off last time?
We're going to hear Love at First Sight, the Kylie song.
More Deep, version 2.1.
Who's tapping on the mic?
Stop.
More Deep, version 2.1.
And Take Me Away Into the Night.
We're going to hear all those this break.
We will be back.
One of the things that I didn't know what to do
Then there was you
But the feeling went so wrong tonight
And the stars came up still the same
The music they were playing really blew my mind
My new love is just like a baby
Well, I heard for a long, long, long time
I knew we were meant to be a song
I heard for a long, long, long, long time
I will be whatever you desire
Don't stop sleeping with me
We don't fear, we don't love you
You found it deep, deep down, instantly
I do wish eternity
Just for
Just for sweet, sweet, sweet
Keep on breathing
Shining light
Another day turns into night
Eternal fire
Waiting all my life
Take me away, million miles away from here
Take me away, find a place for you and me
You're taking me higher, high as I could be
Take me away, forever you and me
Take me away
Take me away
Million miles away from me
Take me away
Find a place for you and me
Take me higher
High as I could see, take me away Forever you and me, take me away
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 62 in progress.
I'm joined tonight by my lovely co-hosts, DarkSakra and TechMasaLoki.
Also in the house, puppy and violent hyper girl, BlackLab.
We call him Puppy.
He's not BlackLab here, he's Puppy.
It's funny when everybody starts calling me that and then I start getting called that
in person.
Oh my God, he has a flashing foot on DNR Freak.
Yes, I get the seizure foot.
Wait a minute, how much longer?
Arcadian 42.
How do you try to love somebody that doesn't just happen like diarrhea?
Maybe like, I don't know, I don't even want to try and guess.
I don't get that trying thing, you're just supposed to do it.
You know what, why don't you write Konami a letter?
Yeah, we should all write one big letter to Konami about what we think they should do with DDR.
Interesting question came up in the chat room, kind of going back to Max2USA.
Favorite license song?
Probably
License favorite license, uh, I'd have to say
No
max to
max to yeah, um
actually I have to say that um a
Little bit of ecstasy is I what I thought it would be very fun for the studs
But it actually did or they did a really good job with it
And it's like the slow down it is like era and it's like whoa shit is fun
say as much as I really want to say Kylie, I keep thinking that's a Euromix song that
we just kind of got, so I do have to say Take Me Away into the Night is my favorite as well.
And the video is kind of interesting, but what's weird about the video is in the video
it's a black chick singing, but in the other Four Strings video I've seen, Diving, it's
like this white girl with red hair. It's weird. So did they change singers or what did they
do? It's weird. You know what? They're messing with your head. They're messing with my head
and I don't like it. You know what I don't like about the Kylie video? I've decided.
makeup? Her makeup is awful and those earrings are gaudy. Will I in Heaven are really close
right there to Take Me Away. I love Will I. Maybe that is better than Take Me Away. I
don't know. Make up your mind. I can't. They're all good. You're being a woman. I can't. I
love Will I. I know I saw she even put it in the chat room which is why I said it. Let
them boobs, whatever, you guys are weird. Look at them. Your chat rooms are weird. www.calibamani.com
click on the ones on the chat. It's no silent, of course it's weird. I want to bring this
up real fast. There's some interesting 2DX news that hit this week. You guys have been
wondering what 2DX 7th style is? Do you guys want to know when 2DX 7th style is coming
out? Konami has made an announcement about it. After you vote for it. This is the deal. In
Order it.
Benmani style, put out the news this week.
Jamie, you want to run down by it?
I glanced at it.
I didn't bother translating the page yet,
because I'm just going to order it from Humaya.
But there's a big voting poll.
And if enough people vote, then they're
going to put out another 2DX.
Yeah, and I don't know if they're going to get enough.
Isn't it supposed to be like 7th and 8th?
Isn't it supposed to be something like 7th and 8th
mix together.
That's the rumor, but you know, I'm not horribly excited, because I know that not enough people
are going to vote for it.
Well, I don't know, if enough people vote for it, then it'll be good, but I'm just going
to order it from Himea anyway, because I already, you already know about my trouble with Konami
style.
Oh, you don't have the right kind of credit card, we're going to revoke your 2DX controller
order.
Bite me!
You know what's interesting is that a lot of this came up because 2DX, they announced
that they're going to make new controllers and suddenly people went, wait a minute Konami,
why is Konami making new 2DX arcade style controllers if they haven't put out a home
version forever?
And that's kind of where this came about is that it was like, okay, now maybe since they're
doing these controllers, they're going to do a new consumer style too.
Now with the new controllers though, then I might have to toss down the 400 to order
mine from Himea if you want to see the information on that you can head on over
to I'm just gonna tell you to go bimani style calm because they have the links
there on the front page which isn't loading for me right now bastards oh
well they have the links to Konami the site that you'll need so how about a
cage match you guys. Sure. You know what, I hope it happens though. I really want 7th
Style at home. I want Beauty and Silence so bad. What makes me sad is that they'll probably
cut all the licensed tracks if they're having to scrounge to do this and that makes me a
sad little panda. Where the fuck is my Dance Maniacs home version you bastard? I just want
to play Last Message at home. This is like one of the few 7th stars I can pass. I can
pass like last message I can pass that monkey dance and uh what's the other seven I can
pass Rob? Please don't go. That's what I thought. Breaking my fingers working on Love Me Do
I gave up. Oh my god my fingers bleeding I cannot play the 2DX anymore. Oh my god I am
to suck I have no arms what was that movie that was from it was called the
kids my movie sucked but where this isn't movie discussion this is Oh
response to no Stalin the Eurobeat song sucks why are you singing it I like
Eurobeat I like your and you know we need to do a shameless plug here for
forums that nobody goes to anymore agreed the only thing that lives on the
forums anymore is the quote thread which is I think the last thing that I saw in
the quote thread was me trying to do chat para para but you know what if the
forums don't work for you at www.calibomani.com click on forums you can
also visit our orange lounge live journal where we post a lot of things
and we would like people to post more so it's not just always Jamie announcing her
show in the live journal but it's a username orange lounge all one word on live journal
you know what i don't even announce my show anymore okay so you get your minions to do
it for you like my hordes of fans you know do my bidding if that worked i would do that
all the time okay we're going to uh do the cage match yay so last week in the orange
Last week was interesting because of the Comcast problems we weren't able to get enough voters
from our chat room so we combined their votes with in-house voting which we haven't done
in a long time but we're going to go back to a strictly chat room vote tonight so make
sure if you want to vote in tonight's cage match you're in our chat room www.calibomani.com
click on Orange Lounge and click on chat.
week it came down to a tie between Loki's latest remix and Jamie's song and I picked
I picked Jamie's song because I felt bad she hadn't won in a while and I liked her song
anyway.
I got the pity vote.
She got a pity vote.
What?
Loki's song didn't suck.
Quit saying it.
He says his song sucked.
It didn't suck.
Alright, so here it is.
Here's last week's winner and the first song you can vote for tonight.
It's Free Fall featuring Jan Johnston, who I rather like, and this song is called Skydive.
Enjoy.
Actually, we're only gonna play a clip of it because it did win last week. So here you go
This is me with all the expectations We know the love we have to hold each other
Every time you've been loved No separate degrees
Now we're here, we have our role and we're here
Connect your words, I have them in the dark
The silence you smile, and even miss you in my sleep
No rush, no lust, no lie, this journey is all out
You're my hero, heaven did you come
All right, that was last week's winner, Jan Johnston with the band Free Fall with a song
called Skydive.
Next up is Loki's pick.
Loki, what did you pick for us tonight?
Guess what came out this week?
Yep, that's right a Yumi trance 3. Yes, that's right
I picked another Yumi trance song because I'm lazy and I don't care
So you get to listen to naturally the whipping bird mix because naturally is pretty cool
All right, here it is. Song number two in tonight's cage match. It's Yumi Hamasaki from
Oh
We can go
We can go
Alright gang, that was song number two in tonight's cage match.
New entry Ayumi Hamasaki from Cybertrance3 with Naturally the Wittenberg Mix.
Let's go around and see what the room thought of it, starting off with Who's Got a Mic?
Jamie.
It's Transtastic.
Um, nine.
I like the original naturally better, but this is still good. I give it an 8.
Alrighty. Violent Hyper Girl.
I think it's cool just because I like Ayumi.
And on a scale of 1 to 10, you give it a?
Probably a 7 or 8.
7 or 8, so 7 and a half.
Yeah.
You can do halves, it's acceptable.
Yay, good enough.
Bradley or Logie, whoever grabs the mic. Bradley?
It's not pretty good. I'll give it a nine.
Give it a nine. I think it was pretty rockin'. It's not my favorite song on the new Trance CD, but it's pretty good. Eight and a half.
Logie?
Motherfuckin' controller I slashed across the ground and that's bad.
Anyways, um, I give it a...
I don't give a crap because I picked it randomly out of the CD I downloaded, so...
Yeah.
I give it a...
9.
9.
I give the ferret sex a 10!
Alright, so there you have it, the votes for Yumi Hamasaki would naturally, but remember the ultimate decision is up to you.
And, uh, head on over to our chat room, www.calibomani.com, click on Orange Club, mental note, or you can write this down somewhere.
Flash game, Ferret Sex, the Flash game, for when the website comes up.
I'll work on that when we get our other website up, which we've been needing to do for a month.
Or even, like, just like an animated GIF or something.
What, puppy?
No, I'm not gonna do that.
Next up is my pick and I assure you what will go down in history is a Rob classic pick tonight.
Don't blame me because I asked the room, do you want my pick tonight to be something trance or something booty and foul?
And they picked booty and foul, so this is the song you get.
If my baby mama can make solo bass, I think this song can make solo bass.
So this is my pick for tonight, it's a group call, and I have to thank the Ice Queen, he
recommended this one to me, Ice Queen recommended me this one.
This is Fanny Pack, with a song called Camel Toe.
And enjoy camel tell enjoy
That's right, uh-huh, uh-huh Mm-hmm, that's right, uh-huh, uh-huh
Walking down the street, something caught my eye
A growing epidemic that really ain't fly
This little-aged lady, I gotta be blunt
A Spanish biker, sure as word, creeping up the front
I could see her uterus, her pants was too tight
She mustn't own pennies if we're not up in sight
You walk right by, the poor woman didn't know
She had a frontal wedgie, a camel toe
Mm-hmm, that's right, uh-huh, oh no
Think she's dope, girl, you got a camel toe
Mm-hmm, that's right, uh-huh, oh no
Think she's dope, girl, you got a camel toe
Girl, that's gotta hurt, take some time in the dust
Can't you see people staring and making the fuss
I cannot believe my eyes had to take a second glance
Is your crotch hungry, girl?
Cuz you're eating your pants
Do you enjoy the commotion and the tension it brings?
The only lips I wanna see are the ones that sing
In public, put it on and x-ray the show
Cursing people out with your camel toe
Mm-hmm, that's right, uh-huh, oh no
Fix your toe, girl, you've got a camel toe Mm-hmm, that's right, uh-huh, oh, no
Fix your toe, girl, you've got a camel toe First I explain by the looks of things These girls don't forgot how to dress
A little too quick, wearin' a pool comin' for us This is causin' me much distress
Won't say it is alright, that's fine Everybody tryna get a good look
I can see everything through the panty-cling Every cranny and every nook
Better stay quick, let me tell you something fine
Check the area, it's pubic
And you get your pain drawn up in the blood
So twist it up like Rubik's
Say words to your vice, it's not getting nice
Let me put you on and we know
Girls don't sleep unless you feel sleep
Watch out for the camel toe
Mm-hmm, that's right
Uh-huh, I don't know
Think you so, girl, you got a camel toe
Mm-hmm, that's right
Uh-huh, I don't know
Think you so, girl, you got a camel toe
Alright, that was the last song in tonight's cage match.
My pick, Fanny Pack with Camel Toe.
ice queen for picking that one out for me Jamie that was so ghetto booty oh my
god Rob alright you need to be spanked for that song
ooh not by me though we'll talk to somebody who's not here tonight okay
on a scale of one to ten I don't think that numbers can quantify it it gets a
it gets a beef of booty all right I guess it translates to an eight okay
Aaron I don't know the first time I've heard something like that in a while
yeah I guess you have a new term for that type of thing and things besides
saying that girls wear their pants too tight these days and I give it an 8 because that was a good laugh
Alright, 8 for a good laugh.
Tuppy!
Just the fact that the name of the song is Camel Toe is ridiculous to itself.
I mean, come on. What next?
I mean, next thing you know there's going to be a song called Blue Balls.
There may well be.
Jamie's threatening to write it right now.
The next remix I make will be, insert song name here, The Blues Ball Mix.
Ooh, it'd be even better if it was a blues song.
Let Puppy finish his thought.
There's a thought?
He has to give a number.
I didn't know I would.
3.159.
Alright.
Uh, Bradley.
This is good.
I'm still thinking.
Ghetto booty. Booty ghetto.
Let's just...
Let's give it a seven. Or an eight. Or a four. Or a three. Or a seven. Or a twenty.
Or a nine. Or nothing.
Best song ever! Ten. Loki.
Um.
Yeah. You know, the white in me says seven, but the ghetto black in me says ten.
So what's that average to? 9.9?
Uh...er...nine? Wait. Nine and a half.
Alright.
Okay, here we go. Let's recap. And I'll...
Well, for those of you that haven't voted before, you have to send a private message to me in the chat room.
You have to send it over a private message or it doesn't count. If you say it publicly in the room, it doesn't count.
And I know we have some new chatters in there tonight, so I'll type out how you do that for those of you that don't know.
And sorry, but you can't vote for Hollick.
All right, let's recap, shall we, real fast.
Why do people even bother?
Song number one, last week's winner, Free Fall, featuring Jams Johnston with Skydive.
All right, song number two that you can vote for tonight is Yumi Hamasaki from Cybertrance
3 with a song called Naturally.
Song number three you can vote for tonight is a band called Fanny Pack with the song
Camel Toe.
I wonder what's gonna win.
Vote now.
Place vote now.
In the meantime, Loki, why don't you tell us what's going on in the Sim world?
Some piece of wire doesn't want to go through my hole.
Anyways, in the controller.
Hole in the controller.
Now, there's a new StepMania version.
And they did stuff, and stuff happened, and yeah.
Don't care.
Also, oh wait, I know you're going to love this.
New TourneyMix, TourneyMix 4th Plus, it's a DDR joke.
OK, anyways, yeah, DDR-EI, or East Coast Invasions,
Turny Mix, Fourth Plus, Asian Mix.
What?
Asian, I kid you not, Asian Mix.
All the music in it must be sung by an Asian singer.
So it has to be in Japanese or Chinese, Korean.
They're trying to control the track.
It's trying to, they're trying to basically spark
interest for Turny Mix 5.
So basically, this is going to be the poorly run stepchild that's in the middle.
For this Asian mix, there better be really, really good Japanese or Korean songs,
because we all know where Chinese pop went, or is going.
But it seems like, judging from the last remix, a lot of people don't have that good a song taste.
You know, technically you can have Russian music too, because part of Russia is in Asia, so we can have tattoo!
But yeah, and obviously, the only good Chinese songs there are, are basically slow songs and some trance slash techno, but not much.
Oh, I haven't listened to Thai pop so, not very much.
Yeah, India's in Asia too, so dollar-mendy all around.
Tunac.
Was this mentioned in the chatroom?
Tunac, Tunac.
Oh, get over, Tunac, Tunac, already.
Come on.
That song is fucking used.
It's done.
Hello, and welcome to a joke that is fucking moldy.
It's done.
I'm sick of Tunac, Tunac.
Bring out my pogs.
Yeah.
Let's play Magic the Gathering and listen to our, you know, Lilith Fair music while we, you know...
You mean Dungeons and Dragons?
Yeah, play Dungeons and Dragons to neck to neck.
7 Mary 3 and Bush.
Yeah, while we listen to 7 Mary 3 and Bush and watch MTV playing music videos.
All day long.
Anyway, I agree that Trinity Makes 4 Plus is a stupid idea. Talk about unnecessary things.
I mean, honestly.
I mean, what useless songs are going to come out of this, honestly?
It's horrid.
I know.
We're going to see a gazillion Ayumi songs.
And if you think I'm going to jump off my ass to make you your stupid Max 2 USA license
tracks, think again.
I don't care, because I haven't played StepMania in three months, and I am not going to make
your stupid tracks.
So you're going to have to wait for DDRUK to make them, because they're good at everything.
Even though I made them the last two times, and they took credit!
Took credit!
Because they said, oh, they were out of sync!
YOU'RE out of sync!
I'm done.
It's not just the Yumi songs, there's probably gonna be a lot of stupid Pop, Finkle, SES, Shinwa songs.
Last call for cage match votes in the chat room.
I have a challenge to issue.
I want Dragon Ash or MaliceMizer.
I would love to see some visual kei done, or I would love to see just some good, you
know, uber goth j-rock make it into the turning mix.
See how they pull that off.
Like, you know, have like the Beasts of Blood video playing in the background or something.
Here's the microphone!
What am I going to do with it?
Like this?
Alright, would you guys like to hear who got the cage match tonight because we have collected
all the votes.
I gave the last call.
Wow.
Sure.
Yeah, I just try to wrap it up quick now because we tend to do FUs and cage match back to back
and I have to close out all the private messages for FUs as if you needed to know that.
So here we go, I haven't gotten any more votes.
So here is tonight's winner, are you guys ready for it?
It is a tie.
Oh, lovely.
Dun, dun, dun.
No.
The way the rules go is that the host whose song did not tie
will break the tie.
And tonight, song one, song one that tied was Camel Toe.
Figures.
Song number two that tied tonight was, if the damn thing will play.
Let me guess, Yumi?
Yes, it was Yumi.
So it means Yumi is swimming out and she gets to break the tie, and hopefully she remembers
the favor I gave her last week, but not to influence her vote or anything.
Give it to the butt.
Give it to the booty.
Give it to the booty.
All right.
is this week's cage match winner so camel toe wins by a vote of one. I also call that
needs the F.U. music for the chat room okay that will be the F.U. music for the chat room
tonight that's fine okay if you want to if you want to visit our webcam www.calibomani.com
click on orange lounge and click on chat. The site you can see on the cam right now
is puppy hunched over with a microphone, Loki soldering in the background. Erin has been
on and off the cam. Jamie's hiding from it. Jamie hides from the cam so she randomly holds
objects up. Alright, guess what's coming up when we take this break kids? After this break.
Come on, we do it every week. FUs. We all know it, why do we have to guess? Because
It's the fun part.
Alright.
Give me.
Yes, Jamie?
I have a microphone now, so just play my damn music.
Well, we're not doing any FUs yet.
We're taking a break first.
I don't care.
Alright.
Uh, in this break, we're going to hear more Max 2 USA music, and this is a lot of songs.
You know what?
What?
I don't understand why they don't just let me pick all the music.
What do you mean?
For Max 2?
No.
I don't like in general.
I should, like, petition Konami to let me pick everything.
The only thing that some of the songs are good for being picked for is like picking
noses.
I don't know.
They're all really good songs though, so go ahead and play them.
Alright, here we go.
In this break you're going to hear a lot of songs that were requested.
Tomorrow Perfume in this break, Will I, and SFMP with Try To Love You.
You're listening to Orange Lombs Radio.
Tell a friend we're on the air.
We'll be back after this.
Thanks.
You don't know what fucking for, from the fucking one you know
Coming like the bass real low
Trips, the tracks, the trips, the track, the track
A weak weapon, acting like a fake lady
Get down from the tip of the ear
You can't lose me, baby, it's my world
Cause I ain't nothing like a punk, the sister girl
The motivation gets you, hits you where it hurts
Yeah, it's the first time in real life, just the first time in real life
You're my favorite sister
I'm just trying to love you
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Why don't you show me
I'm just trying to love you
I ever loved you again
Will we be together again?
Thought the love we had was strong
Tell me what's wrong
Where did we go wrong?
Will I, Will I, Will I Will I, Will I, Will I, Will I, Will I
Will I ever love you again Will we be together again
Sorry, the one we had was strong
And tell me what's wrong
Bitch, get a new song, an open letter from Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio episode number 62 in progress.
And Jamie, do you know what time it is?
Fuck you.
Actually, I don't have the music queued up yet.
You're supposed to take longer than that to answer the question.
It's time for me to throw a ferret at Puppy.
Alright.
Okay, now I'm ready.
Jamie, what time is it?
I don't care.
Come on.
Uh-uh, you're no fun.
You weren't ready.
Jamie.
It's time for me to get a ferret thrown at my hand.
Stop throwing ferret at Nate!
Oh, this is bad.
Here is justice.
Here is luck.
Oh, no!
Look at the camera!
This is fucked up.
Camera, away from me!
No!
Put it back where it was.
Ahem.
No, put it back the way it was!
Okay.
Ahem.
Oh, yeah.
It's time for me to be angsty, huh?
I haven't really had that bad of a week, but okay, stop that.
First off, a big F-you goes to puppy for throwing a ferret at my boob, and for throwing a ferret
at violent hyper girl's ass.
You threw it.
But you were the target, so it's your fault.
Your fault for...stop it.
Okay.
Another one goes for the rice I was cooking for being too wet.
That's my fault because I put in too much water.
I can't help it, the rice is just so hot.
And it couldn't help being moist because I was touching it.
I was rolling it around and making balls with it.
Anyway, another F.E. goes to being hot, because I am right now.
Another one goes toward my laundry for not being dry, so I'm drying it again.
Another F.E. goes toward ferret sex.
if he goes toward all the people who are not signed up for my message board it's
roleplay that's our soccer.com
I think I'm gonna throw out of our way I want to form a sexual place sexual role
play on there I'm gonna make it hidden for all of you people who are into the
kinky crap if there's gonna be one for four tops and one for bottoms and then
the whole time here I was like okay you can get off you are not a hemorrhoid I
am too young you know and then really I think that's about it oh yeah I think if
you go through my sleep pattern which is gonna hopefully be corrected and I got a
really cool hat okay bye all right next up is Loki yeah anyways I think I'm
wrapped around you here okay yeah I'm trying to get to my first F you here I
just have to find something there it is okay can you turn down the music like
off. First F you of the week goes to Konami. Mainly the group System SF. I don't know who
the fuck you think you are, but I don't like you blatantly ripping off other songs. Really
I don't. This piracy stuff has to stop. Now, the song I'm going to play for you is by another
group with a very similar name to System SF. It's called System F. They predated you
by five years. So here's their song and it's also their very big hit song called Out of
the blue. See if this sounds familiar.
It's freaking feelings won't fade you goddamn retard you didn't do anything to change the
song at all you blatantly stole it you can't say that you covered it because well there's
There's no scene, so you suck.
Come up with some original shit.
I'm sure Look to the Skies will probably rip off of something else, but I have to find
it first.
So you're lucky for now.
I'm about to expose you.
But anyways, yes, I am very pissed off at the fact that you blatantly ripped off Out
of the Blue.
So that's enough of that, and sorry about the Bawani Cell thing.
F.U. them for having their god damn music on their front page. I hate that god damn
music. Be like DDRMania X and keep it turned off unless I want it turned on. Or changes
to something else, you know, something catchy. Also, F.U.
One little comment, sorry. I thought that the whole deal of having music play on your
main page went out when people stopped using GeoCities.
Well it came back with people using Flash on their pages.
came back with Zenga and Shockwave actually say but anyways no but my cell
rocks other than their little music change the music you can be perfect fu
for must be first off for the stages at RV GL still being kind of slanted
FU the stupid drivers because I hate you everywhere, and there's all types of drivers and I think
I yelled at you all today, you know, whether it be, you know, the stupid Asian person that
had the...
It's Asian women mothers!
I don't know. Anyways, this stupid guy who has the rice rocket thing, or not really a rice rocket, but it sounded like...
The fart cannon!
Yes, it sounded like the fart cannon.
The fart cannon and the bleacher.
And, uh, F.U. to like...
You have to quote Jahi on this one. A hole in your muffler does not make a modification.
No, but anyways, um, FU2, uh, I don't know. I got thrown off when people started talking.
Um, oh, I know. FU2 is a stupid bitch that, like, ran over a curb at work.
It totally shattered it all and now my friend's probably going to get blamed for it because they have a giant bus and it's going to look like the bus ran over it even though it's a delivery man so that kind of sucks.
Fuck you the G4 because you still suck. You haven't heeded any of my advice and you can burn in hell.
You don't even have any new programming. You're talking about what happened at E3.
Okay, E3's been over for a while now, okay? E3 is not breaking news, okay?
And to say that you have new daily content is a lie anyways, because you film your shows like once every month.
And then repeat them over and over and over and over and over again.
So, playing full motion video, or not necessarily full motion video, but playing video game
screenshots to music does not constitute a show.
So please stop.
And, um, what's that like?
They're eating Mike and Ikes with chopsticks.
Stop being Asian.
I don't think she can help that.
Stop talking about puppies.
But, um, uh, yeah, I don't know, um, FU to our racist neighbor, and, uh, I'm done. I don't have anything to bitch about right now, cause it's been coming to me, it's just like, yeah.
All right. My turn.
This song makes me want to eat some beef.
My FUs are pretty quick this week. FU to the fact that everything in this goddamn town closes so early. I hate that shit.
And I know I've said FU about this before, but I'm saying it again because it's still true. This town sucks.
So that's my first FU. My second FU goes to two things that happened in San Francisco.
There's the Wholesome Street Fair, which happened today, and the Castro Street Fair, which happens
next Sunday.
Why does this shit happen on a Sunday?
I can't go if you have this stuff on a Sunday.
Have it on a Saturday, you suck.
And your town is dirty, and I know a lot of people live in San Francisco, it's like our
number one market in San Francisco, but you know what, the town is dirty.
I'm sure it's not you guys that listen to Orange Lawn's radio to make it dirty. It's the other million people living there. We can't pick up their trash.
It's gross. Frisco's a gross city.
Oh my god, do a million people really live in San Francisco?
I think it's actually 700,000, but I'm counting the surrounding area a little bit too.
That's why I'm glad I don't live there.
Alright, so, yeah. Screw you, San Francisco, and your stupid planning.
Alright, uh, rest of the room's turn. Let's start with Puppy.
Oh, I almost did not catch the mic.
Are we having like a porn DVD slideshow on the camera or something?
Ahem, eff you.
Okay, um, fuck you to class starting because it's class and that's just the way it is.
And um, fuck you to my bike for like being really crappy.
fucking the tree outside over the parking lot and my apartment complex
because it made my car really fucking dirty with a whole bunch of sap and tree
shit and fuck IKEA because of the press sawdust crap and
Fuck Scania for going to shit, and yeah, I'm done.
RKDN
Yeah, okay, uh, fuck you to general stupidity, especially when it's my own.
Uh, fuck you to stupid telemarketers.
I gotta, I, cause I, on Tuesday, I got a call, I have to, now I have to pick up the phone, cause people might call me now.
now and I might have to talk to people so I pick up the phone and it says please we
have no available operators please wait for the next operator I hate that shit it's so
fucking stupid so I had to hang up I hung up of course idiots oh let's see anything
anything else to say fuck you to
fuck you for doing it right
damn
I think I'm out of it. I might think of something, so go ahead
uh, Erin
I don't have a lot this week actually, but fuck you goes to whoever broke the wheel
on the initial d-machine at the MU Arcade
thanks to you it no longer has the 270 degrees in either direction yes it spins
freely it's just like RTA all over again and I think I know I think it was one of
those fat teeny bop fat like high school teeny boppers I saw there on like Friday
afternoon so I'm not for sure oh no it wasn't broken trust me it wasn't but
Was it? I was there on Friday morning and you didn't care about it.
No, I was there before that, I think. Not ever.
But, um, let's see.
Fuck you goes to Workload English 57 for being exactly like high school.
I don't like group work, I don't like the teacher, and I hate it and I want to get out of there as fast as possible.
Um...
Fuck you goes to the, uh, stupid neighbors who live outside me who are always either laughing at music or trying to be ghetto thugs.
See yourselves for once. Come on now.
They aren't ghetto thugs. They're kinda actual ghetto thugs.
And...
I can't really think of any... much.
Oh yeah, and uh, fuck you to that stupid skillet that my parents gave me that doesn't actually work, it just happens to burn everything that you put in it.
Because it's metal and it's not cast iron. So yeah.
Alright, let's move on and see what our chat room has to say, shall we?
Brack2000 would like to say F you to overloaded the Lesson 2 song, not being a real DDR Max 2 song, and only a stupid Lesson Mode song.
Uh oh, VHD needs to respond to something in the chair.
Someone asked why I'm in workload English. It's because I got cocky on my subject A and I didn't put a thesis in my essay, so now I'm stuck there and I've ruined some of those cold idiots, basically, except for two people that I became friends with.
So yeah, that was an error on my part, but God, the teacher could be able to tell you that.
Fuck my QX949 for its bad mid-left front channel capacitator.
Capacitor, sorry. I read that wrong. Sorry.
Fuck my terrible C++ compiler.
Fuck the guy who sold me a wireless PS2 controller and just cut the cord off the regular controller.
That's great.
low-key was that you?
No.
I wouldn't have cut it out.
Biohazard also says,
Fuck my jellybean tin having a
finite supply on Jelly Bellies.
Fuck HAPP
controllers for wanting
$12.99 for a 2DX style button.
Fuck peeps who talk
like this. This is Asian writing.
I'm sorry, AZN writing.
And expect me to read it.
Fuck really negative people.
Just pay the money for the half-controls button, I bought like 16 of them, get over it!
H.K. Holly, Aaron would like to read this for you.
This is mostly an inside joke from Cali Bhimani, but fuck you green vaginal ooze.
Beautiful. Vaginal ooze is funny when it's green too.
Boy oh boy.
23rd Magus would like to say, F you to Angel's fucked up work schedule. She misses the show again.
F you to forgetting to wake my dad up in time to get a ride to the show. You missed food.
I am to suck. No comment.
F you to hatching a pouring egg, naming it, giving it a backpack, and then forgetting to feed it. 20k down the hole.
That's a Ragnarok reference.
And once again, fuck the lammers on Ragnarok Online. Please. Or PLZ. What's a PLZ? Oh, you want me to heal the monster you're fighting? Okay.
I have an F you. I don't know if you just said it because I was in the bathroom.
I hate you all and I hope that your computers explode and you all catch stars in the ass.
Thank you.
Chaos says F you to heartburn.
That's it.
Heartburn does suck.
I hate it.
No Stylin says my F you of the week is paying bills.
It's like you have bills and you pay them off and you have more of them and you wonder
where the hell they came from.
So I go, huh, you pay bills and more come. What's up with that?
I find how once you get money, it's gone in a second. So yeah, screw the government, screw
Dave and Gray Davis and this whole recall thing and screw expensive schools that try
to rip you off with name brand products which you don't have.
Screw you to the recall, the government and the recall?
Yes.
One or the other?
Screw you to anything involving the recall. Just go away.
Okay.
It involves him.
Tal would like to say Final Fantasy Tactics Advance because I don't actually own the game, or the Game Boy Advance, so I have to borrow both.
You mooch-er, you mooch-er, you have my DDR Max, and you have someone else's tactics in Game Boy. Mooch!
And you have Jamie's Parappa. Mooch! It's Moochie the Mooch-er here on OnSoft Radio.
Mooch. Mooch.
Okay.
He's in Davis, that's where you're supposed to mooch from.
I'd also like to say F U to Initial D, because the music and the animation style sucks, and
the story is straight out of a bad samurai movie. And F U to my DVD drive for dying.
All right, that's it. That's all the FUs of the week. Thank you for playing.
Okay, so I think we'll take another break. We exhausted all our new MP, oh, we exhausted
all our new Max MP3s, so why don't we go back and visit Max USA 1? We'll go back and visit
that. We're going to play some songs from Max 1 USA.
I'm going to get stabbed with a pitchfork. What am I getting stabbed with if I play Samstorm
Chopsticks? Well, we're going to start this break off with Samstorm, and after that we'll
hear some other things from Max USA.
I have a comment.
Thoughtters die.
Thank you.
Thank you for sharing.
Sign up for my message board.
All right.
We'll be back after this break and what do you guys think?
How about Ask Orange Lounge when we come out?
Sure.
All right.
The chat room has some questions so send your questions now for Ask Orange Lounge and for
the 5,000th time we'll play Overloaded after the show.
We've already played it tonight during the show.
Yeah, I'm going to overload you in a minute.
All right.
We'll be back.
Yeah, drop the bar, just drop the bar, yeah, drop the bar
Let's get to the top
Yeah, if you get down to the top of the line, it's just a dollar
There is a top of the line, you're flashing long ways
You're a different person, but I can't hide the institution today
Don't get me wrong, I'm a pastor
The mind map is more than this
Well, concern on what it takes to deserve it's all we need
Hey, boy, you gotta lose your momentum
If you need to write those events
Ride the waves, time's counting, the rhythm's a market
If we can't get wind of the maintenance center
It all might be hard for you to do it now, you got to hang those solids
Yeah, so ready to take that ball
You can make it all the way from the ball
Yeah, yeah, drop the ball
Drop the ball
Let's just keep that ball
If we can't just build more rhythm
If we need the right tools and sensors
I'm counting the rhythm, the march to the system
Don't get with it, I'm saying you're staring all by the heart
You can do it now, you're looking back, don't fall
Yeah, it's a race to take that fall, and it's up to you to hit that goal
You can drop that ball
You can drop that ball
You can drop that ball
Leave me alone, don't tell me why
There is nothing to carry on
Leave me alone, it's not right
And why
Leave me alone, so many days
Just thinking of you so many nights
Leave me alone, it's not right
Now tell me why
Now tell me why
Alright, welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 62 in progress.
As promised, we're going to do Ask Orange Lounge,
so send your questions to us now in the chat room.
Anybody have any quick thoughts, any other Bimani-related things
they want to talk about before we get into Ask Orange Lounge?
What now?
No, no, no.
What?
Any interesting Bimani stories?
I have a question to ask the chat room.
What's that?
Is it safe?
Is it safe?
Oh, you have to send your message or you
have to send your questions over private message
or they aren't counted.
Also, real fast, just to plug some of our other programming
on Orange Lounge Radio, bringing you live programming
more throughout the week.
Tomorrow night is Vanilla Sky, featuring myself and my cohorts
in Crime, Rice Princess, and Lanky Style.
And we just sit around, and we talk about other video games.
And we kind of talk about other weird stuff, too.
We'll talk about what's in the news,
and how it relates to our world, and things that piss us off.
Oh my god, you read the news.
And Yahoo, yes, we read the news to our listeners,
because they aren't going to get it any other way.
We make fun of Yahoo, and we do video game
trivia to bad music, and all sorts of fun things like that.
So tune in at 7 o'clock Monday night, Pacific time.
On Tuesday nights, excuse me, that was a peanut burp.
Anyway, Tuesday night is pump up the volume where I play your
requests from our chat room.
Except the thing is, nobody requests anything, god damn it.
That's OK, more songs you get to play for yourself.
So you could do, I'll basically partake in my really weird taste in music.
I could do a show called Ice Cream for five minutes.
This weekend on Orange Lounge Radio on Thursday,
I will do a show called Ice Cream, it's a reference to the webcam.
Anyways, I should do a show called Ice Cream for Five Minutes, in which I will scream for
five minutes.
Ice cream?
You're going to give out ice cream for five minutes?
Oh my God, I can't hear you.
No, here, okay.
Here, hold on.
Before you do this, this is actually Orsage Radio related.
I'm thinking, I may do, okay, we're going to, one of two things is going to happen.
Either Live Water is going to come back, or a new show.
What's that?
Involving basketball.
No, no!
Seriously, a new show, seriously, what are you talking about, I can't get the mic any
closer, what are you talking about, they're away, oh okay, anyways, so the new show, it's
gonna be a game show, oh a game show, my favorite, a new, uh yeah, as long as there's nothing
the box okay you can have the box anyways new game show possibly if I
decide I don't want to live wire anymore it will be there will actually be
prizes serious like no prizes given away so and what kind of game show will this
be do we know yet I don't know okay something crazy very crazy I was gonna
to call it like attention porn. Why are the girls yelling for porn? Like it was either
going to be called like something like porn. Shut up! Like the ten second attention span
show or something like that. Alright. I'll be fine. Okay fine. Porn. Back to my show
show, which I instilled. It starts at 7 o'clock, because the pre-show at 730, the show begins
to 1030. And basically, I just play a bunch of crap. And I've been saying that I'm going
to do video game music trivia, but I don't know. People send me songs. I'll have my IRC
open. My name is DarkSakuraSSF. So start sending me video game music if you want to play. If
not been near a big stinky poopy head. Fair enough. And that's the bottom line because
Dark Sakura said so. Okay. Go online! Wednesday nights are open. I was following the example
of our, you know, Beymani influence system SF. Wednesday nights are open right now. We
do a bit of randomness on Wednesdays. This week I've been asked to do Orange Lounge Presents
Trivial Pursuit on Wednesday, which we might do. I don't know yet. I know there's enough
interest from the regulars on all the shows to do it. Okay.
If I was playing that, we'd have to break out the Janus edition.
So I'm thinking we're going to do Trivial Pursuit on Wednesday, but stay tuned to our
chat room for details. So drop in our chat room sometime during the week and we'll have
a Trivial Pursuit this Wednesday.
If you're not in the chat room, you're not cool.
Yeah, if you're not in our chat room 24 hours a day, you're not cool.
I visit like maybe once a week.
Well, if you're not there 24 hours a day you're not cool, but if you're there 24 hour days
you don't have a life.
And then you're not cool.
You're screwed.
You're screwed.
What a fun thought.
Either way, you're a loser.
All right.
Thursday night Snowboard Lounge Radio is hiatus right now.
We might be doing some repeats of Live Wire.
If I get brave, I might do a new mix, so we'll see.
There might be another potential...
I did one Megamix, it played after Vanilla Sky one week.
There might be another potential goodie, though.
Hmm, a goodie.
Ah, yes, we have another show that may be coming up on soon, so...
Maybe not this Thursday, but soon.
Which, you know, I think that we need to introduce one of our newer listeners as another foreign
correspondent.
Even though he probably can't make it up here.
Don't!
He's probably not listening.
Is he listening?
I don't think he's listening, he's not in the chat room.
Well, poop.
Make sure he's here next week and we'll give him a proper introduction.
We'll give him a proper introduction next week if he shows up.
In the meantime, we've only got 20 minutes left of show,
or actually no, 25 because we started late tonight,
but we have plenty of questions that have already been submitted.
It's not too late.
If you want to join in, go into www.calibomani.com,
click on Orange Lounge, and click on Chat,
and you can submit a question for Ask Orange Lounge.
We have to listen to Rob sing.
Let's ask Orange Lounge some stupid questions.
Rob's going to sing all week this week on Orange Lounge's video.
Oh my God, they need to fight.
Jamie needs to stop playing with a fucking ferret.
I'm not playing with a ferret.
Or I'm going to get lucky to shove up her ass.
Rob?
Rob?
Rob?
What?
Rob?
What?
Rob?
What?
What?
What?
Rob?
What?
Nothing.
Alright.
Rob!
Biohazard has about seven questions.
Rob!
Rob!
Rob!
Shut up!
Rob!
Biohazard has about seven questions to ask tonight.
Rob!
Shut the fuck up!
Rob!
Alright.
Has about seven questions to ask.
Rob!
What?
Hi.
He's turning red in the face.
I'm starting off with questions from Biohazard.
Why doesn't Jimmy crack carrots or potatoes or something? Corn is so boring.
Why doesn't Jimmy just do crack?
Good, I like that.
Biohazard also wants to know how long will I have to wait for Overloaded to be available on Bimani style or acquire it some other way?
Excuse me, are we Bimani style?
Yeah, are we Bimani style?
I already have it, but I just played it on the show.
We're not the Mani style, go ask them.
If you were a member of our Orange Lounge Radio Live Journal community, you would have
already gotten a link to that file.
Oh, that's right, Loki posted it earlier this week, didn't he?
So you saw it.
Alright.
Alright.
Who cares about the step file?
Orange Lounge.
Make your own damn step file.
Community.
Oh yeah, and why?
And why he cracks corn is so you don't care.
Because it's so boring, you don't care.
Oh, go back to that.
Sorry, we missed you on the first one, Riley.
People got a lot of free time if they're coming up with questions like, why does Jimmy crack
corn and not potatoes?
You can't crack potatoes anyway.
I'll read one more from Biohazard, then I'm going to somebody else, and we'll come back
to the rest of those questions.
Biohazard wants to know, how would I write a script for SysReset to display a random
line from a txt file every time exclamation bad joke is pulled do what is that like like
a chatbot some nerdy chatbot thing yeah well you're not in our chat room because we don't
allow chatbot so you know you can go i don't know blow a gorilla what was that anyway biohazard
again don't use the chatbot we will kick you if you do biohazard also wants to know because
Aaron really wants to answer this, so I'll do one more. Why get mad when you can get
glad? Well, you know, I don't really know, but what I say is why get mad when you can
just use that energy and put it into sex? Why get mad? Get horny! Don't get mad, get
violent. Violent and horny. Oh, it's violent horny girl here on Orange Lounge Radio, VHG.
VHG special guest violent horny girl I like it all right damn it I'm not
original all right but I was the first to call you violent hyper gangbang was I
not violent horny gangbang violent horny gangbang I like that variation how
How about velvet, horny gangbang?
Violence is more fun.
All right.
Twenty-third maggots would like to know, how's the food-
Ah, who cares?
Be nice.
How's the food over there?
Because we all ate tonight.
Well, no one's dead yet.
And the food's gone.
The food was good.
Thank you.
Sorry, hairball.
Well, the food's gone, so it was eaten.
best. It was at least tolerable if it's all gone.
And Jamie makes a sad face.
The eel was interesting. I've never really had eel in that mass quantity before. It was
interesting. I don't know if I necessarily like the flavor, but it was good.
I didn't even notice really that it was eel, because I ate it with chicken, too.
Yeah, see, I had just straight-up eel. It was a little weird for me, but it was good.
Oh.
Oh, well, maybe that's why. It was good, though, and I appreciate Jamie's effort to cook for
us because you know we're single and don't cook at least i don't anyway damn it i'm gonna
make sure you guys have proper nutrition okay you're eating instant rice and like super
bacon you are going to i haven't had super bacon in two weeks actually i've seen what's
in your fridge and there's hardly anything in there when you guys live off of pop tarts
Okay, Rob. For one week I challenge you. You need to eat the same things that I do for
a week.
Oh, give me a break.
What I eat is very, very easy. Very easy. You have to have a bowl of oatmeal in the
morning.
Ew.
Okay.
Let me lick mud.
Okay.
Look, he said, let me lick mud.
The brown sugar and maple instant oatmeal is really good, and Yoplait yogurt is really
good.
Oatmeal is for old people.
Oatmeal is for people who like to shit.
Wait.
Wait.
You like to shit?
No.
It's TMI radio.
No.
That's why old people eat it, but it's good for like your...
It's fiber.
Fiber is good for you.
And then for lunch, you need to have a microwave dinner, because they're really good.
And veggie burgers for dinner every night.
Yeah.
They're good.
A veggie cheeseburger.
I usually have veggie burgers for lunch.
Okay, that's good.
But see, one week.
One week.
No Pop-Tarts.
Actually, I don't eat Pop-Tarts, actually.
I don't like Pop-Tarts.
I usually have either a Nutri-Grain bar in the morning, or I won't eat breakfast when
I get to work on a bag of pretzels.
That's not good for you.
I try nutrient bars, though.
That's usually what I eat.
Eat people, OK?
Eat people.
And next week, I am bringing stir fry.
Or we will cook stir fry.
I have my super hot chocolate when I get to work.
It's three bags of hot chocolate concentrated.
And then I put a little bit of hot water in there,
so it's super frothy.
That's all I eat.
Everything is super with you.
The thing I used to have when I worked at this stupid temp agency that no longer exists
in my universe, I would have half a cup of super strong coffee and then pour the rest
of it in hot chocolate and then throw in like five packs of sugar and that was what I would
drink every morning.
That's healthy.
See, I don't drink that crap anymore.
I've been off of my soda now for a week, so I'm happy.
23rd Magus would like to also know, Sky, that's me, could you give me my jokes back please?
No.
What, all three of them?
Yeah, you wish you could be as cool as me.
You want to drop from five last week?
Yeah, he has negative jokes now.
Campbell Soup, one of our new chatters.
Unless it's somebody who changed our name, I don't think so.
Campbell Soup would like to know, what's up with the foam on beer?
Good question.
It's what makes you fart.
Hey, give me that.
Why is beer better than women?
Why?
Because no matter how you pour it, you always have good head.
I could have magism.
He doesn't tell R-rated jokes though.
Why is there foam on beer?
It's just the way God made it, but all I have to say is don't drink beer, drink Guinness.
Beer tastes like pee smells.
Foam is there to remind you that you're wasting your time and if you want to get fucked up,
just drink some hard liquor.
Go straight for the 151 or the Schlager or Everclear.
Alcohol recipe of the week, apple pie.
The foam is there to remind you that you're a pussy, you're drinking beer.
You get a big glass gallon jug of apple juice and then you pour it all out in another container
and then you pour in about half a bottle of Everclear and let cinnamon sticks dissolve
in it and then you pour in the apple juice and let it sit for like a couple days and
you have apple pie.
23rd Magus says beer goes down easy and I'd like to know is that the beer or the beer
bottle in your case?
Here is Nasty.
How did the ferret get into the show?
Ferret's been here since day one.
Yeah, we've been throwing it around and having the ferrets rape each other and mad ferret
sex.
Actually, ferret number one was a birthday gift to me from my old stalker.
And I just, I have all these stuffed animals, can you shut the goddamn thing up for one
minute while I tell the story?
It's the ferret story, he's always contributing.
We used to have, or I still do, I have all my stuffed animals on top of the computer,
like I know you can't really see it on the webcam, but there's all these stuffed animals
that sit on top of the computer like Cartman, oh Bradley is turning the thing over so you
can see the stuffed animals.
We have like Cartman and Pikachu and like a little stuffed devil, my happy birthday
bear that Jamie got me and all this stuff here.
Oh it just went up to the camp so there you go you guys can look.
And the ferret used to sit there and one day Jamie pulled it down and started pushing the
button and learned that it made noises and behold the show got worse.
And then Loki found the second ferret at some random store and he brought it over to some
show a while back.
They sell them at Walgreens so everyone can have a ferret of their own.
H.K.
Holley would like to know, can vegetarians eat animal crackers?
If the lingos are not made out of animal parts.
That's an interesting question.
I would say yes, it's okay.
I think I know some vegetarians who do eat animal crackers, especially, you know what's
good with those animal crackers with the frosting on them and the little balls, the mother's
crackers?
You know what I'm talking about?
Oh, yes, the mother's cookies.
Mother's animal cookies.
Those are the best.
Good shit.
Yes, they are.
I wouldn't care if I was vegan.
I'd still eat them.
They're so fat.
I'm just reminded of an old question.
Do vegans swallow?
Yes, and I know.
Okay, too much ice today to vegan.
Whale.
Oh, Tao says as a vegetarian he would just like to say yes he can eat
animal cookies. So there you go, there's your question. You learn something new on Orange Lounge Radio every day.
We're still accepting questions for Ask Orange Lounge by the way, just send them over a private
message to Sky in the chat room. No, we still have a few left. Biohazard
sent me plenty to get us through a whole other show.
www.calibomani.com, click on Orange Lounge, and click on chat.
NoStylin, oh god.
Oh, god.
Here it is.
No, here it is.
It's actually a good question.
Here it is.
How come you guys don't play more Eurobeat?
I guess my theory would be because to a lot of people
who don't know Eurobeat, it all sounds exactly the same.
No Stylin also says there should be a Bimani Eurobeat hour.
No!
God, no!
What the hell is wrong with you?
What was the question?
Why doesn't Orange Lounge Radio play more Eurobeat?
We can play more Eurobeat.
Jamie's done Eurobeat pre-shows.
I've done, like, hours of Eurobeat on my show, too.
You know what?
Tune in to Jamie's show, because she's the biggest Eurobeat fan.
I was at a two-hour marathon of Eurobeat a couple weeks ago.
So you know what?
If you don't think we play enough Eurobeat, you're listening to the wrong shows.
Listen to Tuesday night's Pump of the Volume.
I am not vegan, God no.
Like I have that kind of discipline, one of my exes is.
He made this really good eggplant stuff at a party at my house.
And nobody ate it but you and I?
Well, I ate lots of it.
was good. John Fields would like to know, what do you call a river that's too big for
its bridges? You need to shut up right now. That was the worst pun ever. That was a pun
straight out of 23rd Magus's book. You owe Magus a quarter. Give him a quarter. Pay them
royalties and we'll stick the RIAA on you. Take it now. We'll stick the RIAA on you if
We don't.
No styling has another question.
God.
What came first, the egg or the chicken?
Depends on your religion.
Well, in that sentence, the egg came first in your sentence, so.
Yes, Loki.
Get a mic.
The chicken and egg rhetorical question is the dumbest thing ever because it's not actually
a rhetorical question.
They did not specify what type of an egg it was.
Therefore, dinosaurs predated chickens.
Therefore, the egg came first.
People would have an answer.
Wow.
Philosophical moment.
That was deep.
That was deep like a puddle.
All right.
Going back to biohazards questions,
because that's all the questions we have left,
unless people send more over private messages to Skye.
Do you think that it's safe?
No.
No.
You're listening to the show, aren't you?
The chat room's talking about their vegetarian stints.
I have actually had a vegetarian stint.
I was vegetarian for about a month.
You know what?
I want to bet doing it.
This is, as of April, made two years that I've gone without beef or pork on a regular
basis.
I had a nibble now and then, but I've stayed off of it.
I would like to say, I have not drank regular soda
in about six months.
But I need to cut back on diet, though,
because I do drink diet.
Diet says it's worse for you.
I haven't smoked a cigarette in four years.
You know, I haven't smoked a cigarette in five and a half
years.
I haven't smoked a cigarette in a week.
You are so square.
I know, aren't I?
Biohazard would also like to know
Why haven't I heard any ferrets yet? Did you burn them?
Obviously we have not. Those ferrets won't go away.
Thanks. Here's a somewhat serious question from Biohazard. Biohazard would like to know
why can't we vote for Holik? Because we said so and we are the authority.
Because I have the real answer to the question. Holik is already in rotation on
the station therefore if you vote for it you're voting a song
into rotation. It's already in rotation. You don't need to vote for Holik. You rhymed,
Rob. I rhymed. I'm great. Rotation on the station. Rotation on the station. It's a fucking
Rode beat song. Now you sound like you're spitting on the microphone. It's just that
talented song. What is the meaning of life expressed through interpretive dance in front
Press through interpretive dance in front of the webcam.
42.
Hold on, in about 10 seconds I'm going to show you the next webcam image I will be showing
you the meaning of life and I will be getting help from the others showing you the meaning
of life.
There it goes.
Four, two, one, there the meaning of life is up there on our cam for you to see right
now.
Alright.
I got your meat of the life.
His last question is, why do I ask so many questions?
Because you suck. No way, he answered his own questions?
This is the meaning of life.
No.
Wait, wait, wait, he answered his own question, nevermind.
I think it skipped the picture.
It's not there.
Bummer.
23rd Magus would like to know, will you people stop fucking stealing my jokes, puns or my
department bitches?
Hey, you know what?
What's the meaning of life?
Did you write the information for Max 2?
I don't think so.
Did you write the information screens for that?
I don't think so.
Therefore, you suck at puns.
No Stylin would like to know, how many sounds does the ferret have? About seven.
And we don't need to hear them all.
Look at the webcam right now.
John Fields would like to know,
any interest in any of the games that are being shown at Tokyo Game Show?
Well, DDR Party Edition, I guess.
Otherwise,
otherwise I don't really give a shit, I find. You know what? We'll see them when we
see them.
Who cares if they're coming out in Tokyo? We need them out here.
Say this really great role-playing game comes out in Japan. Guess what? It's in Japanese.
It doesn't matter. I can't read it.
Hey, but if they put out another grandiose, I'll import it.
No.
A biohazard would also like to know, am I infamous for my bad questions yet?
Actually, no. You just kind of act stupid to us.
You sure are famous.
23rd Magus would like to know, is it true that Jason Enos asked
for my help in writing the info screens?
No, you made that up.
All right, let's close up the mailbag.
Thank you, everybody, for playing Ask Orange Lounge.
You know what we haven't looked at in a long time, Rob?
Sorry.
Our actual mail.
Hold on.
Now we're done with Ask Orange Lounge Radio.
We hope you learned something tonight
on Ask Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey, guess what? Next week, the Ferrets will be here because I'm going to go outside and run them over with my car.
Alright.
Let's see if...
Let's... I'm just hoping the batteries fucking die someday.
As are half our listeners, I'm sure. Okay.
Okay. The show would not be the same without the Ferret. The Ferret is our mascot.
Yeah, we're actually checking our actual email address
at orangeloungeloungeradio, all one word, at yahoo.com. We have two new messages, it
looks like,
and it's spam. Let's see.
Yahoo Education. Advance your learning goals. Yahoo Education introduces courses
and degrees.
SBC Yahoo DSL. Hey, only $29.95 a month for fast
internet access isn't it about time then we have something in our bulk message
to oh we have a message that says would you like to submit something to or
submit www.com service you know because like you know not enough people listen
orange launch radio I guess this bitch knows that all right so that's all we
have in our mailbag if you'd like to fill up our mailbag orange lounge radio
at yahoo.com all right we have some more ask orange last questions I'm taking
these last three and that's it we're finishing this bit and we're ending the
show. Here's some ferret ass for you. FileHazard wants to know what was the date of the
first Orange Lounge radio show? The date of the first live show is July or sorry
June 23rd 2002. The station first went on air I think May 18th of that
year May 18th or 22nd somewhere in there. The first live show is June 23rd 2002.
No Stylin wants to know, when will there be another Pimpin' Hoes party?
He's referring to my birthday party, which he wasn't at, so I don't know how he knows
this, but I think someone he talks to a lot was part of the brains behind that party.
Maybe for someone else's birthday, I don't know.
Maybe for my next birthday, I'd love to have another Pimpin' Hoes party.
Pimino's party, it was my birthday and some folks came over here on a Sunday morning and
surprised me and they all dressed like hoes and pimps.
They brought over cake and it was kind of like a Hawaiian Pimps and Hoes party actually
because they were wearing Hawaiian coconut boobs and little leis, colored rainbow leis
and stuff.
It was fun.
We had chicken and waffles.
We had Eggos and Popeye's chicken.
By the way, live on the webcam, the ferret eats Loki's head.
Hooray.
Alright, guys, guess what? It's time to wrap up the show. Thank God this week's show went
okay unlike last week's show which we're writing off and forgetting about forever. It's time
for me to go around to collect the final thoughts. Let's start with Bradley. Does he have a microphone
over there? Jamie. Have you ever really looked at your toes? They look weird. Yeah, they
They do look weird.
I'm not Asian, and I don't know how to use chopsticks.
Thank you, Puppy.
Erin.
Uh, thanks to me, Puppy has now learned how to pick up Mike and Ike candies with his chopsticks.
But I'm still not Asian.
We realize that, but now you're one step closer to being Asian!
Woohoo!
I actually like that one.
Logie, your final thought?
I solder.
Great.
Uh, my final thought is, um, I hope I don't decide to flake on the show next week, because
the Castro Street Fair does sound tempting.
What on Sunday?
Next Sunday, yeah.
I'm thinking about flaking on the show, but I don't know.
Don't worry, I'll fill in your part.
We'll see.
We'll see.
I can...
We'll see.
I'm having way too much fun with the webcam.
The final word of the show, I'm going to give it to Bradley because he never talks and I
want him to give the final word tonight.
Terraforming.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Dark Sakura, Sky and Loki.
We expect you a nice play again.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
Pardon me.
Now it begins.
Who all here is evil?
Sound off.
I'm evil.
I'm evil.
No, you are not.
Oh, I am, too!
You're as harmless as a baby's... butt.
Zorak?
Well, he is.
I'm not a baby's butt.
Brack, I'm going to have to go with Zorak on this one.
You simply don't have the mental capacity to be evil.
See?
I don't get it.
You see, Brack, you have to be able to come up with, oh, say, plots against the universe.
You have to hatch evil plans to conquer planets and be just plain mean most of the time.
You're just too nice.
I forget how to be mean, not if radiation half-lipotomized me.
Hey, I've got an idea. Let Zorak teach you how to be mean.
Oh, man. Do I have to?
Yes, you have to.
Okay, Bragg, repeat after me.
Space ghost.
Space ghost!
I will destroy you.
I will destroy you, if you don't mind.
I will destroy you!
Oh, I'm sorry, wait, I'll get it.
I will destroy you!
I will destroy you!
All right! I will destroy you!
You, and your little dog, too.
You and your little dog!
Hey, I like this dog.
Francine is a good puppy!
No, that was just a threat.
You wanna hurt Francine?
you're a big bad green um thingy guy bug bug i don't want you to hurt francine
face go shoot that thingy thing on your arm destructo ray destructo ray so he doesn't hurt
francine gladly brack my dear old chum hey what'd you do that for that was for francine
Hey, wait, I don't have a dog.
Yeah, tell me about it.
Thanks for listening and we'll see you next week.
Alright, we're in the Orange Launch Radio after birth.
As promised, we won't make you wait any longer.
Here it is one more time overloaded lesson two
Okay, we're going to be adding that song into our rotation, by the way on Orange Launch
Radio's Bamante Music and More program.
So if you like that and can't get enough of it, don't worry, you'll get to hear more very
soon.
Welcome to the Orange Launch Radio Afterbirth.
You are a scary woman, Miss Erin, with your whip.
When's going to be another tournament where you can beat me up?
I don't know.
I don't know.
There isn't.
Well, if she has tooth any time soon, she'll probably end up being a cell driver there.
Yeah, probably.
Well, see the thing is, I haven't, there haven't been any real good NorCal tournaments coming
out.
You know, after, after the last year barrage of tournaments, it was kind of tired it out
and now it's just, well.
I'm kind of sad that I heard about the tournament in nickel city today
They were having a puzzle fire tournament and only one person showed up
Oh, man, I played him today and beat him
No, did you go no I played no I played you know, what's his name that was going to be there, uh, forget his name
Um, but anyways, yeah, um, so we played him and I won
But because he made a mistake and uh, but it was I don't know
I think it would be cool to have a puzzle fighter tournament because I know people in the Bay Area are pretty hardcore in that stuff, but I don't know how a DDR tournament is going to work out too well there.
Alright, anything else we want to share in the afterbirth? Jamie, have anything?
Go to www.fanimatrix.net
They have a pretty cool...
Well, go to BitTorrent. They have BitTorrent links.
Anyways, they have BitTorrent links for the movie.
It's a ten minute, or about ten minute fan film that's done by professional actors, professional stuntmen, special effects and whatnot, cinematography.
There's kind of like a practice movie forum and a fan movie and it's basically a bunch of New Zealand actors
You know doing this
Kind of prequel to the matrix is pretty sweet. So you should go check that out. They're talking about doing
Sequels and stuff later on but it's the first movie is called Phantom Matrix
and it's called run program and it's pretty cool so that's www.fanandmaketricks.net
and yeah
alright I think that's going to wrap up the after birth unless anyone else has something they want to say
I will destroy you
thank you for having me
Jamie come in
I got lint in my eye and it hurts
ok bye
Alright, until next week, thanks guys. As promised, way in the beginning of the show, we're going to do the night-style soundtrack.
Just a random order, you guys, so hopefully the song you want will come up soon.
Good night you guys, thanks for supporting Orange Lounge Radio, as always we really appreciate
it.
Without you.
...
...
...
...
...
Come on baby, listen up, get the fella ready to do it
Come on baby, move it up, now you hold the key to my vision
Oh, no, you're gonna break it down
The power of the soul is gonna take me
Big day
Money
Money, what you want?
Gonna make you pointy, gonna make you look sharp
Oh, no, money
Money, what you need?
Gonna make you wild, gonna make you look sharp
I gotta make you ji-na-ee
I gotta give it to me-ee
I gotta give it to the king
I gotta give it to the king
You
Play it all.
Crucio Crucio.
Jumbo.
Bixby.
Play it all.
Crucio Crucio Crucio.
Oh
So wanna tell the world about
Water
R
E
E
R
E
R
E
R
E
This is the end of the video, thank you so much for watching, and I'll see you in the next one.
Here always comes the times when everything is down
And it seems hard to find all the paths To get us like the hope
And when the dreams come true comes reality
So keep your head up and try to hold your spirit
Right when you get the place you'll see the sky
And fly high in the air
Bring out your hands, through the clouds
Cast away because there's light in your soul
And it's bound to fall somewhere
So reach out to the clouds, try to cast
Very sad
But your heart and your soul
See a thing
